  three things make the case slightly different : - europe is much more densely populated than canada ( 112 people/km2 vs 4 people/km2 ) so there 's simply less space to put people and people already feel like they 're living to close to each other . 
  - secondly i do n't think refugees have been dying en mass at the canadian border . 
  at the european border recently there have been numerous deaths , which makes it clear that something has to be changed , and whenever something needs to be changed people are going to protest . 
  - finally , it 's not so much the immigration in absolute numbers , but the increase that is causing problems . 
  immigration last year more than doubled and the infrastructure just was n't build for that causing camps to be filled to more than twice their capacity , which causes friction and tension . 
   considering how often immigration issues dominate european headlines and political discussion , there must be some piece of information that i have n't been able to find . 
  if by `` dominate european headlines '' you mean the headlines at / r/europe you have a slightly distorted view . 
  if you check at least the normal dutch website there are many many more things discussed and immigration is n't even on the agenda sometimes and if it is definitely not always front page material ... ( [ check here ] ( http://nos.nl/ ) or [ here ] ( http://www.rtlnieuws.nl/ ) ( both in dutch but i guess you can tell what it 's really about from the picture ) [ or some english ones ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/international ) german one [ only has it as a minor point ] ( http://www.welt.de/ ) so far the only one where i see immigration on the front page today is the bbc ( and of course / r/europe ) . 
   you do n't see them doing things like this in chinatown , toronto that looks like quite a tame protest compared to [ these white people protesting in frankfurt ] ( http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3000398/frankfurt-flames-anti-austerity-protesters-burn-police-cars-clash-riot-cops-opening-european-central-bank-s-new-hq.html ) or in [ kiev ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/feb/20/ukraine-dead-protesters-police ) or [ these forgot about black people in ferguson ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2014/nov/25/-sp-ferguson-ablaze-michael-brown-verdict-war-zone ) , should we just make every country one big chinatown then because apparently those are the only ones that can protest properly or can we agree that single incidents do n't define an entire group of people ? 
   they integrate instantly . 
  it 's unclear what exactly you want . 
  on one side you seem to support the notion of a chinatown , which to me seems the exact opposite of integration , on the other hand you seem to like people integrating . 
  what are they supposed to do ? 
   some key results : these are hardly surprising result for any religion . 
  you think that christian people do n't want their believes made into laws ? 
  most shops in my country are still closed on sunday , evolution theory is not a mandatory part of our education and there is a party in our parliament that does n't even allow woman to be a member . 
  and that 's still considered one of the more progressive countries in the world . 
  and all these things do n't come from muslims i can assure you . 
  guess that 's what happens when the group becomes a larger majority ...  so imagine how bad it is in europe when they 're just taking anyone who shows up from the places in the world most riven by sectarian conflict and religious supremacism . 
  simply not true , the people are put in immigration camps for one specific reason , to check if they 're eligible to enter the country . 
  [ here is something that should give you an idea for the numbers ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/apr/22/most-migrants-crossing-mediterranean-will-be-sent-back-eu-leaders-to-agree )  count up how many of current wars are efforts by a sect of islam to dominate some other group ( either another kind of muslims or non-muslims ) . 
  if you make your definition that wide it 's quite easy to get everyone in . 
  i do n't see how internal muslim conflicts are even relevant for this . 
  i could also make the statement that the vast majority of these conflicts are in countries where more than 20 % of the population live below the poverty line ( check for yourself ) ...  because islam from the core demands supremacism and supports violence to achieve it . 
  any source from the quran that supports this . 
  and please do n't give me ayat as-sayf cause that 's only written for defense in a time of war , just like many many passages from the old testament . 
  there seems to be a problem with your websites certificate ... 
  can you make some sort of ip filter on it ? 
  i know it 's easy to circumvent as well but it would help strengthen the message that this was actually coming from eu citizens and not from xenophobes all over the world or the immigrant themselves ( depending on in which direction the site would go ) . 
  furthermore , do n't overestimate how serious people in general and especially politicians take online polls , they can and will almost always be manipulated ... 
  edwin de roy van zuydewijn said so ... 
  [ do n't you mean irene ? 
  yeah that 's how most conspiracy theories come to be , governement refuses to share something  that must mean it 's something really important , otherwise for sure they would inform us !  it 's a military/secret service thing ( in this case some chemical/nuclear weapon ingredients from israel supposedly ) . 
  to be honest if it was because of asbestos they should be looking around the flat , not around the debris ... plus , it would be easy for the government to just say `` oh they were looking for asbestos , did n't find any so look how well we 're taking care of your health '', 
   irrelevant country that almost hurted as much as [ michael moore 's part on `` the coalition of the willing '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bmhqrqgyisy ) :'(, 
  i still prefer the [ men in white suits at the crash site of el-al 1862 ( also dutch link ) ] ( https://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/bijlmerramp#mannen_in_witte_pakken ) mainly because this actually got political attention and as far as i know still has n't been solved ... * edit : [ related english link but not the full story ... ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/263813.stm ), 
  i for one am interested in reading opinions of others , even if they do n't match my own . 
  nothing wrong with having opinions , unless you 're referring to the clickbaity title of course , not too happy about that either ... 
  it 's still irrelevant , being angry is as bad as being excited ? 
  unless you want to claim that they can not have any reason to be angry . 
  the fact that he shouts `` allahu ackbar '' , which is the whole point of the title at least , is irrelevant , the problem is that they 're angry and throwing stones and whatnot . 
  if they were shouting `` god bless america ! '', 
  while doing that it would be equally bad right ? 
  [ here 's an al jazeera article on it , pretty much confirming what you said , without the biased undertone ] ( http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2015/06/hungarian-police-battle-protesters-migrant-camp-150629181839820.html ), 
  some context would n't hurt ... 
  oh i did n't know that . 
  while there are certainly some schools that do n't require an ielts degree 6.0 but just require you that level , most of those schools will require some sort of testing themselves beforehand , and with the college year starting in a month most of those are passed registration deadline . 
  i can have a look what is still available . 
  * edit : also note that most educations are not free . 
  if you could somehow enroll for a post-graduate level that would help a lot but that depends on your background of course . 
  or try sweden , where education is free . 
  hey dutch here and i 'm working with a lot of immigrants . 
  first of all if you want to go for a refugee status and need some more information [ here ] ( http://www.vluchtelingenwerk.nl/english ) 's a nice link that might help you on that path . 
  a small summary of how that procedure would go : you arrive in schiphol ( or wherever ) and go to apply for asylum there , you 'll get several interview and get the chance to get a lawyer ( for example from the link above ) . 
  after four days this is all over and you 'll have to wait for a decision . 
  you 'll get a residence permit of up to 5 years and after that you can check if you can get a permanent resident permit . 
  the second road which i ( and many others here ) recommended is you get enlisted in some school/university whatever suits your skills here , they will organize a residence permit for you ( at least that 's what it 's like at my university ) for the time of your studies . 
  after that you can try to get a job here and once again after five years you can apply for a permanent permit . 
  in both cases you will need to pass a immigration test to get the permanent permit , which requires some knowledge ( really basic ) of the language and culture . 
  if you choose the second road your employer/school/university might pay some sort of course for you , otherwise this is all on you . 
  if you need any more questions or recommendations what schools you could apply let me know !, 
  i 'm guessing these numbers are measured by sale right ? 
  do you think smuggled cigarettes play an important role in this ? 
  since they would be added to the country where they are smuggled from , while they are consumed in the country they are smuggled to ... 
   i 'm glad you only implied the stats were doctored and did n't outright claim it like others in this thread . 
  i 'm sorry if i made the impression of that implication , i was genuinely confused , not an economic but i do know media and politicians tend to chose statistics that are most convenient to them . 
   they are probably using real gdp instead of nominal gdp , which explains the differences . 
  once again , this is not criticism but genuine curiosity . 
  but would n't that mean that the gdp deflator was huge in iceland so that the prices must have skyrocketed there ? 
  so in the end would they still be able to buy much less with their grown economy or am i missing something ? 
   as you can see from my sheet , the worst performers in the 2007-2013 period are all euro countries . 
  similar to the previous question , would n't this mainly mean that inflation in the eurozone was much less , so that our pensions and savings retained their value ( but also debts ) ? 
  i 'm confused by the stats . 
  the dutch economy according to the world bank in 2007 was 833.1 billion usd , in 2014 this was 869.5 , an increase of 4.4 % . 
  the finish economy had a gdp in 2007 of 255.4 billion and 270.7 billion in 2014 , an increase of 6 % and finally iceland had a gdp of 21.45 billion usd and went to 17 a ** decrease ** of 20.7 % . 
  [ source ] ( http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/ny.gdp.mktp.cd ) let alone it seems that the three economies are n't exactly comparable ( both in structure as in size ) so even if the numbers were correct i do n't see if the comparison is really valid . 
  * edit : 2014 stats * edit2 : bonus stats , mainly for my curiosity , greece : [ -15 % ], 
  you too !, 
  your first point is not unique for greece ( at all i would say ) and is n't showing any failure of the eu programs , but some influence from an external factor . 
  i was talking about funds from the european regional development fund . 
  this fund is exactly there to provide sustainable jobs . 
  they could for example start infrastructural programs , making greece on one hand more attractive for companies ( because of better logistics ) but also ( temporarily ) giving a lot of people jobs , who will spend their money in shops again so shops will have more money so they will buy more produce so factories start to produce more so people there can earn more and the circle is complete again . 
  something like the new deal in the 30s in the us , or the marshall plan after wwii . 
  maybe i 'm too optimistic but i would n't give up just yet . 
   what i mean by investing , i mean eu if possible should create their own business in greece , if possible . 
  and run it themselves . 
  so that healthy jobs are created , the investors get money back and everyone is happy , no ? 
  that 's exactly what i 'm proposing !, 
  but you are aware that there is a difference between the eu and the eurogroup right ? 
  also electricity ( in general ) you will use more the more electronic stuff you have so it 'll still hurt those that use more harder ( including companies this time ) . 
  i 've never claimed that a vat increase does n't hurt poorer citizens , just that it hurts more for those who can consume more luxury products . 
  the same thing happened everywhere when privatization happened , but in principle there are laws that should stop that kind of practice . 
  but yeah i agree that privatization on itself is not always a good thing ( with essential and big investment stuff like electricity it hardly ever is ) , but it does free up a lot of money which you can use to get back on track so as a lesser of two evils ( privatization or a derailing economy ) i would prefer privatization . 
  okay that 's an opinion , i would choose differently but everyone is entitled to their own opinion . 
  but in the end do i summarize the greek feeling well that ( apart from some details that even the people might not agree on ) the problem lies not necessarily in the points of this deal and the reforms it proposes but more in that there 's no balancing with more investments being made to stimulate the greek economy and to help them to instate and enforce these reforms ? 
  in that sense i fully agree with you , but i reiterate that this money probably should n't come directly from the eurogroup ( of course indirectly they do give some money by reducing interest rates for greece but i agree that is secondary ) . 
  however within the framework of the european union we have a lot of programs to help countries fight corruption ( where greece got close to 4 billion last year ) , to aid agriculture ( 2.6 billion for greece ) . 
  in total greece received 7.2-1 .7 = 5.5 billion net from programs like this . 
  i hope that will all the rigorous reforms that are needed now even more money will come in in this way ( and that that money for once will also go to the greek population and not just to a few rich greeks ) . 
  when taking that extra money into account , would this be a cooperation between greece and europe that you could still get behind ?
