  sure , that 's why i hope some stability and confidence can be regained now that the immediate debt problems have been patched . 
  look first of all , greece 's military strength already does n't match up and even without budget cuts their military spending is about double , so you 'll have to trust some sort of alliance anyway . 
  and are you seriously suggesting that when people are not getting their medical treatment or families of 5 have to live of 1000 that the government ca n't wait with buying new weapons to give some of that money to the people instead ? 
  i meant that secondary wage benefits enabled the ( what i assume illegal ) scheme of your friend 's boss . 
  so cutting those benefits and moving that money to the primary wage stream is only going to help in preventing that kind of practices . 
  i 'm not sure if that is true . 
  of course it could well be , but during the other recessions greek tourism did n't die either . 
  and that is because tourists already are n't choosing greece for their low prices , but for the unique qualities it has to offer . 
  whenever i book my holiday i think `` which place would be nice/interesting to visit '' , not `` what would be the cheapest '' , cause then obviously the answer would be staying at home . 
  of course if greece would be completely identical to cheaper countries this would be true , but this is not the case . 
  domestic tourism is not going to bring more money into your country , and that most likely died because the greeks themselves did n't have enough money or security to fund this . 
  but in the end international tourists could bring more money to the domestic market , which means more money for greek people . 
  i think that 's important part of why it happened in ukraine and georgia but not in lithuania or estonia yes . 
  apart from the fact that russia is n't a member of the nato . 
  if you feel threatened by turkey ask for more soldiers not for money to support that , most eu countries have more soldiers and equipment that currently is n't being used in any conflict . 
  i assumed your point was about the secondary wage benefits , not about privatization ? 
  did i misunderstand ? 
  greece should n't try to be competitive on a price ratio . 
  turkey will always be cheaper , not just because of the vat rate but also because salary is much lower there ( because people are willing to live with less ) if you use that argumentation for not increasing the vat you should also propose lowering all wages in greece . 
  and then where does it stop ? 
  egypt is even cheaper than turkey , you 're going to compete with them as well ? 
  those people quite literally live in a tent often enough . 
  instead greek tourism ( and industry in general ) should realize where it strengths lie . 
  at least in greece you do n't have to change currency , you do n't have to worry about getting spit on if you 're too revealably dressed as a girl , you have a unique historical perspective , you probably have better security in place and so on ... advertise that instead of trying to become cheaper than countries you simply can not compete with . 
  i said that things like this should n't happen within nato and the fact that turkey is getting away with it simply because they 're too valuable of an ally is not good but is completely retarded but is completely unrelated to greece 's spending . 
  i once again mention lithuania , which does n't have to worry russia thanks to their allies , not because they can match russia 's military spending . 
  well making the system within which these illegal things are taking place harder will also make these illegal things harder . 
  that might hurt employers that are n't following the rules but will make space for a fairer competition , which does n't mean loss of jobs . 
  i believe there are more companies that decide not to go to a certain country because of the corrupt system in place than companies that pick it specifically for that purpose . 
  this program will not have a positive effect on the greek economy anywhere soon . 
  i think greek people will need to start realizing that . 
  some points ( the more structural system changes ) will/might have a positive effect on the long run , i believe you agree with that , considering your stance on structural reforms . 
  more aid for a short term development ( which might leak into long-term stability ) should come from the european commission , not from the eurogroup . 
  and until that happens you will just need to believe that without this it would have been even worse on the short term . 
  sorry i fixed the link . 
  i see your pain but i 'm not sure if i completely agree with all of your rebuttal . 
  allow me to give some counterarguments . 
  this is not exactly true . 
  first of all because there are three vat rates , the high vat rate is for non-essential stuff , which people who have money to spend on non-essential stuff buy more ( and yes i know by now for a living standard you 're used to some `` non-essential '' stuff is pretty essential but that 's still less than people buying porches or whatever ) . 
  therefore people who buy more and especially people who buy more non-essential stuff ( so who have some money to spend still ) will be mainly targeted by this . 
  secondly it will also help in tourists bringing more money into the country . 
  within nato that should n't be happening at all but that 's a completely separate discussion . 
  the european union is building a more unified military response force which would remove the need for a single country with a much smaller gdp than their neighbour ( like greece and turkey ) to balance military spending . 
  imagine if lithuania had to keep up with military spending of russia ... 4 . 
  i partly agree here , that 's why i was already more careful in rebuttal here . 
  but in a healthy economic situation the pension system would n't be sustainable . 
  the pain here is not that something is being done about that system , it 's that something is being done about it without supporting other forms of incomes for families that solely relied on this income . 
  that 's also why i said that i hoped the union would help in supporting job infrastructural programs in greece to get the people working again . 
  an economy with that high pension spending is unsustainable but an economy with that high ( youth ) unemployment is as well . 
  both sides should be tackled and maybe it looks like that 's happening too one-sided now and that truly is a shame , but on itself i do n't think a reform of the pension system is bad , it 's just bad that it 's not countered by other measures . 
  so i take it that it 's good something is being done about this ? 
  this way the employer gets rich ( who probably registered his company in luxemburg or the netherlands anyway so none of that money is returning to the greek state . 
  if people would rely on their primary wage these kind of constructs would be much harder to realize . 
  privatization is a way to solve liquidity problem . 
  it does n't solve your budget in the long run but for the moment it 'll give you some money to pay the bills to the people who really need it right now . 
  and while i agree that this probably is n't the best time to get the best price you 're not in a position to be betting on value increases now . 
  if anything you should have done this way earlier . 
  i think the difficulty here is that the extra money ( and the demands that come with it ) come from the eurogroup , whereas extra development money should come from the european commission . 
  i said time and time again that i really hope they will give more of this development money to greece ( and czech republic and whatever other country truly needs it ) , and i understand that it can be frustrating that this deal seems so one-sided , but that 's simply because different institutions are responsible for this . 
  of course the eurogroup could decide to give more money for that as well , but that would be impractical , unpopular and inefficient with an infrastructure already in place for that through the european commission . 
  thanks for sharing this . 
  thank you for making it more informative than the `` germany stole our money in wwii and now they 're stealing it again '' or `` we 're selling out our country '' or whatever empty screams i 've been hearing a lot . 
  i also do n't want to be the rich european guy that just says `` suck it up '' or `` you brought this on yourself '' . 
  the stories i 've been hearing from greece these days are really terrible for me as a human being first and foremost to hear . 
  i think if you hear that fellow europeans can not get the medical care they need because there 's not enough money for it , i think there should have been all the money for those primary needs within a week , regardless of who will be paying for it . 
  for all i care from some charity or development money or whatever . 
  now that all being said and done , i was ( while considering myself a supporter of greece ) actually quite happy with the proposal and the final budget plan and was thus surprised with all the uproar it caused in greece , so maybe you could take the time to elaborate a bit why this is such a problem ? 
  ( i will be using [ this ] ( http://www.naftemporiki.gr/finance/story/976680/the-greek-reform-proposals ) as my source for the reforms , or did it change ? ), 
  the vat reform : i think a simpler vat system will help greece to actually collect the taxes they deserve . 
  this is a way of getting more money from more expensive products , which basically means the rich ( which there still are ) are paying more , either when they come to greece or when they are still in greece . 
  this i think is better than past reforms which mainly seemed to have targeted the middle and poor class of greece . 
  secondly , other countries have increased their vat as well ( netherlands for example ) . 
  more things to prevent tax avoidance , which again was mainly done by the richer greek and which was channeling money to countries where they right now need it less ( luxemburg/netherlands ) 3 . 
  reduce military spending ( a no brainer i would say , but i am open to retributals ) 4 . 
  pension reforms . 
  ok this will hurt . 
  but honestly a bankruptcy would hurt this even more . 
  whatever pension you would have build up then would quickly vanish because the drahma would reduce value a lot and soon . 
  secondly , with the current 17.5 % of the gdp of greece that is going to pensions , the system was n't sustainable anymore and young people basically could only earn 80 % of their money just because they had to give money to elder people . 
  finally once again other countries ( with much lower pension cost percentages ) had to do pension reforms as well ( like the netherlands ) . 
  that lead to some protests here as well but in the end it seems fair that in harsh times everyone has to make some sacrifices . 
  reform the secondary wage benefits . 
  these bonusses are often ways to avoid tax payment as well and are once again usually for people in the higher sector , which could support greece a bit more in my opinion ( and which seem to agree with me since it seems it was mainly the rich that voted in favor of the agreement ) 6 . 
  privatization . 
  there are a lot of countries where the electricity company is n't state owned , would you say they have sold out ? 
  please do n't see this as criticism or as the rich dutch person telling greece what to do , but as an opening for some debate or some more constructive and in-depth way of talking about the issues facing greece right now ( which i definitely do n't want to marginalize ) . 
  but honestly , i feel if your choice is between losing much more primary needs ( health care , minimum welfare status for the poor ) and this program i would always go for this plan . 
  and if you do n't do anything and wo n't get extra money from europe and you 'll go bankrupt you wo n't even be able to choose where the pain comes , cause it will come everywhere . 
  all pensions will soon be virtually worthless because they will be in some currency which will quickly lose value ( at least at the short term ) . 
  finally i do agree with you that repaying the debt is unrealistic and that the longer we ignore that and avoid talking about debt restructuring the more money it costs everyone , just so that a few politicians can remain popularity in their own country . 
  and i do hope that if greece is willing to get the product greece ( the fact that you guys have the best olive oil , a great tourism industry and probably a lot of other things i do n't know about is n't really being used right now ) on the market again that europe is willing to support that with extra money and does n't just do debt repayment . 
  absolutely right . 
  but sustainable economic growth within a single economic region has also always been correlated with redistribution of wealth . 
  that 's what the video is also trying to say , to make the union a success where everyone can follow the same rules the rich ( countries ) will need to support the poor ( countries ) . 
  and in a more structural way than with the current emergency funds . 
  did n't watch the link because i 'm planning to keep my sanity , but it could have something to do with [ some cossack wolves ( a russian paramilitary force ) admitting having a bet about number of beheadings ] ( http://www.quora.com/what-can-be-done-to-stop-beheadings-of-ukrainian-pows-and-mutilations-committed-by-pro-russian-forces-in-occupied-areas-of-ukraine ) edit : decided to sacrifice my sanity over my curiosity ... 
  the story is just about a girl who put these pictures on her vk , who apparently was with the volunteer militia in east-ukraine from russia . 
  the author then goes on in saying how this is typical for russian 's behavior and how they will have to apologize forever for sending this kind of people to donetsk ... 
  [ it was just posted here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/mapporn/comments/386y7t/oc_nations_where_christians_constitute_1_of_the/ ), 
  i think there 's a big difference between the general popular opinion , [ where immigration is definitely seen as something negative ] ( http://i.imgur.com/tc6zare.png ) and the general opinion on / r/europe ( which is a bit harder to poll ) .
