  are you being serious ? 
  well , i guess you are n't , since you wrote something as idiotic as that . 
   i could easily make the argument that the us is a huge stabilizing factor in the world , and that our nation building has created some serious powerhouses ( see korea , japan , and yes , even germany ) . 
  you 've got 3 . 
  and all of them were , and are , of great strategic importance to the us ( germany for europe/russia , japan and korea for sae asia/china ) , further proven by the size of their military personnel in those countries , combined totaling over 100k . 
  on the other side though , pretty much everything else is the us dicking around in unstable countries and completely destabilising them ( iraq , afganistan , vietnam , iran , guatemala , cambodia , cuba , laos , nicaragua , ... ), 
  do n't they already do that ? 
  as in alarms ? 
  not to mention that there is a place for teachers to share information with their students , and it 's called a classroom . 
   there are even some teachers who share information exclusively in the groups there . 
  forgive me for saying , but those people are cunts . 
  seems overkill . 
  in most situations , skype/email/mobile would suffice . 
  i can understand that . 
  you use facebook for school ? 
  how ... why ... what ? 
   when i first got the internet i knew not to post personal information on it . 
  nowadays its the norm . 
  its pretty much this : people used to be mad when you read their diary , now they get mad when you dont . 
  like this , upvote that . 
  excellently put , have an upvote  . 
  and it 's not just the dumb shit , it 's the willingness of people to share every single detail of their lives ( and consequently , the lives of those around them ) with , quite literally , everyone on the internet . 
  it terrifies me how obsolete the concept of privacy seems to have become . 
   but if you want to see the really juicy stuff there is something horribly wrong with society if expecting to find the `` juicy stuff '' about people with only a google search is the norm now . 
  and for slovenia ? 
  so slovene is the oldest slavic language still in use ? 
  pretty sweet for a country that is almost 25 years old  . 
   guns what do you mean ? 
  i 'm guessing yes . 
  our entire country has a population of only 2 million , ljubljana around 280k , and we 're pretty insignificant most of the time . 
  i do n't know the season and episode name/number either , but i know the whole plot , what happens , the episode specific characters , ... 
  i 've only seen sg-1 twice , once on tv when i was a kid , and once around 10 years ago . 
  the whole show got burned into my brain and that 's why i have n't rewatched it earlier ( kind of annoying when you see the episode intro and know exactly what 's to happen ) . 
  seen atlantis 3 times ( tv and 2 marathons ) and it 's pretty much the same thing , with a few episodes i need a little time to remember . 
  seen universe once , and that was one time too many . 
  so much fuckery in there , felt like i was watching a telenovela . 
  what i loved was the sci-fi ( different races , technologies , ... ) and most of all , the upgrades . 
  the x-301 blunder , then the x-302 ( f-302 ) , then the prometheus , culminating in the asgard pimped out daedalus . 
  that 's fucking epic . 
  is it sad that i know exactly which episode each scene in that video was from ? 
  i think not . 
   `` it 's communicating with a laser beam ... that only has a diameter of 300 metres , '' he said . 
  `` if you wanted to eavesdrop on it , you 'd have to fly in-between the two communicating satellites within that accuracy , which is basically impossible . '', 
  reminds me of that stargate scene where teal ' c flies the ship in the path of a ring transport beam to save the good guys from sokar 's ( satan 's ) moon , netu ( hell ) . 
  aah , the good old days , when bad guys were bad , not misunderstood . 
  also reminds me of when they tried that stunt again during an apophis/heru ` ur alliance discussion to save teal ` c , but failed . 
  yeah , i love stargate , and apophis was a fucking cockroach ... unkillable . 
  beautiful . 
  ca n't you let me enjoy one of the few things our country has going for it ? 
  number 5 motherfuckers !, 
  did my best . 
  check it out . 
  boy , you guys sure love your `` u `` s. 
  english | slovene | old , almost disused names -- | -- | -- january | januar | prosinec ( asking for millet ( proso ) ) february | februar | sve\u010dan ( icicle , meaning the month of icicles ) march | marec | su\u0161ec ( dryer , meaning that the ground is soaking up the melted snow and getting drier ) april | april | mali traven ( small grass , meaning the month when small greens return ) may | maj | veliki traven ( large grass , meaning lush spring growth ) june | junij | ro\u017enik ( flower , meaning the month when the meadows are filled with flowers ) july | julij | mali srpan ( small sickle , meaning the month when farmers use ( d ) their sickles to harvest small crops/fields ) august | avgust | veliki srpan ( large sickle , meaning the month when the farmers use ( d ) their sickles to harvest large crops/fields ) september | september | kimavec ( nodding , meaning fruit `` nodding '' on tree branches ) october | oktober | vinotok ( flow of wine , meaning the month of grape harvesting , making wine , and pouring it into barrels ) november | november | listopad ( falling of leaves , meaning the trees losing their leaves in the fall ) december | december | gruden ( lumps , meaning the lumps earth freezes into in winter ) the explanations for the old months are descriptive , since there is no direct translations for the names . 
  removed capitalisations since , while looking nice , it still does n't mean we capitalise the names of our months . 
  yeah , other than the media , no one gives a fuck . 
   polka is a little cheesy though :p yugo to hell , yugo to hell and you die  . 
  not really , if anything , i 'd say most of us find it funny when it happens . 
  i on the other hand , am not patriotic at all . 
  i 'm happy when our country does something good , and pissed when it does something bad . 
   happy , but not proud . 
  i do n't understand how people can say they 're proud to be of a certain nationality . 
  this , so much this . 
  hirvatistan & sirbistan :p slovenya on the other hand sounds like that [ lion king song ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v-0oqxeaaqc ) intro . 
  shit , forgot about those . 
  i 'm embarassed to have forgotten about the small countries , being from a small country myself . 
  with the exception of the united kingdom ( zdru\u017eeno kraljestvo ) and wales ( wales ) . 
  then by all means , share the list of shows avaliable on netflix in slovenia . 
  is n't it about the same ? 
  for example , in my circle of 15 friends ( all close to 30 or older ) , 3 people have ccs , and 2 people have pp . 
  if croatian is as similar to slovene as i imagine it to be , it means much more , depending on the context . 
  could be terrible , dreadful , horrible , terrifying , ... 
  about as good a chance as nazi ( national socialist ) losing its negative connotation . 
  emphasis on `` in this case '' . 
  like i said , people are fucking retarded . 
  you have a point there . 
   well than i guess we 've made our choice . 
  well , what was it , 36 % of us have made the choice . 
  to truly measure how far we 've progressed , we 'd need a system like in australia , where voting is mandatory . 
  but yes , as of today , our society apparently is n't yet ready to allow homosexuals to marry ( or is misinformed on the ramifications of such a decision ) . 
  oh come on , admit it , that carrot leaving you for another asshole joke was a double pun , and pure genius on my part  . 
  no it 's not . 
  the status quo , as you call it , was n't `` quo '' since the beginning of time . 
  if your reasoning was correct , the moment we switched from whatever the original method was ( judging by our ape/monkey cousins , i assume it was either everyone fucking everyone or alpha male harems ) to a semi monogamous society , we 'd have opened that box , and we 'd all be shoving carrots up our asses by now . 
  it 's simple , society judges which relationships are legal and which are n't . 
  as a society evolves ( or devolves ) , what is legal and illegal tends to change with it ( in a democracy at least ) . 
  we 've already decided that homosexuality is n't illegal , but polygamy is . 
  so you do n't have to worry your pretty little head , letting homosexuals marry wo n't lead to polygamy , at the very least not until society shifts its view on the matter . 
  people like you seem to think that any change that occurs would be the first change of its kind , ever , and would lead to insane results that ruin everything , as evidenced by your post saying same sex marriage would somehow lead to marriage to plants and polygamy , which is completely at odds with society , which is a slow . 
  and sometimes backwards , process . 
  so you admit half of your reasoning is idiocy ? 
  nice . 
  and as far as polygamy , it is n't a sexual orientation and has virtually nothing in common with same sex marriage besides people using it to try and portray same sex marriage as something unnatural and/or wrong ( like you ) . 
  also , we sort of have it already when it comes to raising children ( parents divorcing and marrying another person ) . 
  long and loud enough . 
  sad , but true . 
  comparing gay people to plants is n't an opinion , it 's idiocy . 
   why not a person and a plant ? 
  scared your carrot 's gon na dump you for another asshole ? 
   and do n't start with that bullshit that the opposition had , that in the case of the parents death , the grandparents wo n't have a chance of adopting grandkids .
