yes it is . 
  kinda like saying ; `` our country 's entire population can read , with the exception of those that ca n't . '', 
  wish more people did that when it came to my country . 
  would n't that just be norway and the rest then ? 
   eastern europe is actually east . 
  edit : with the exception of the central european countries hehe, 
  [ blink-182 - first date ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vvy9lgpg1m8 ), 
  is it just me or was this written in horrible , almost google translate bad , english ? 
  meh , our coast is only like , 45 kilometers long . 
  i think we consider ourselves as part of central europe not because of our geographical position , but because of the time we spent under swiss ( habsburgs ) , austrian ( austria-hungary ) & german ( wwii ) control , which greatly affected our culture ( most notably our language ) . 
  yeah , we definitely did do well in the past , but we are n't doing well at all right now , or more precisesly , since sometime around 07/08 . 
  * snif * so , you do n't consider us good enough to fit into central europe ? 
  if that is true , then we most definitely fit into central europe . 
  for example , our literary language has many words taken from german , and if you look at our most of our dialects , they 're absolutely teeming with german words . 
  she asked for it , wearing that short skirt . 
  person  lineage  house  village  town  municipality  region  country  europe  earth  solar system  orion -- cygnus arm  milky way  universe, 
  lobbying ... what makes democracy work ( for corporate interests ) . 
  and berlusconi has neither . 
  facing charges = !, 
  convictions/fines . 
  i did n't mean foreign corporations are treated unfairly , but rather that domestic ones are given leniency , due to their political clout . 
   but it is n't an environmental crime , that is where the big fines are . 
  you 'd think the big fines would be where lives are threathened . 
  would n't the ignition issue mean that every car ( with the faulty part ) manufactured by gm was some sort of a violation as well ( for example knowingly letting dangerous cars on the road or something like that ) ? 
   maybe just reddit weirdness . 
  quite possible . 
  hopefully nationality would n't play a part in it at all , but yeah , shit like this needs to be punished . 
   ( 82 % upvoted ), 
  is that from that incident where they intentionally ignored defects that killed people ? 
  and only $ 900 million , compared to the $ 18 billion being thrown around for tampering with emission testing ? 
  holy fucking shit . 
   they should face the full wrath of the us judicial system on one side , they 're a corporation , so i feel like they 'll get away with it , but on the other side , they 're not an * american * corporation , so i do n't know . 
  just deploy desolators on the border  . 
  true , but in general , it 's getting hotter every year . 
  abnormal as in not the norm , yeah . 
  but abnormal as in not likely to happen again , nope . 
  you 're saying this after the summer we 've just had ? 
  what was it , 4 heat waves in 3 months ? 
  finally . 
  also , spat se pober  . 
  who is denying photoshop 's existence ? 
  * cracking knuckles * here we go ; kurba , kuzla , pi\u010dka , pizda , mater ti jebem , idi u tri pizde materne , pi\u010dko materno , jebemo milo mater , pizda ti materna , jebi\u010d , cigan , jebi se , odjebi , pu\u0161i kurac , ... , and so many more . 
  * ahh , that felt good . 
  it 's more or less the same ( judging by the number of bosniaks and serbs i 've met ) , it 's just that bosniaks are easier to spot since they tend to be darker skinned . 
  oh you fucking tease . 
  fucking hell , we 're neighbours and i 've never seen your national treasures . 
  guess i 'll have to come over for a visit . 
  the language barrier is a bitch though . 
  the guitarists were all over the place , but the drummers , in perfect fucking sync . 
  great , be the first to leave and you 're a traitor for life :( . 
  only if you use polish builders . 
  i see you 've been checking up on us  . 
  meh , we only have like 46km of coastline , not worth it . 
  take croatia , most of it is coastline . 
  as a slovene , fuck you  . 
  damn , that 's nasty . 
  explanation ? 
  oh man , i just saw the performance ... za \u017eile rezat . 
  oh my fucking god was that cringeworthy . 
  and the headphones were stupid too . 
  same as us . 
  weird . 
  ukraine is 404 :d also , what do headphones have to do with slovenia ? 
  * takes pic , copies it to the computer , prepares to send pm ... * oh , nevermind , you said nations . 
  in english , i get `` why france joined wwi '' . 
  had a smoke , it 's all good now . 
  still hurts . 
  a bit less , but still hurts . 
  i get `` why did the french 1789 revolution start '' . 
  op probably fogot to put it in . 
  wow , that hurts italy . 
  that hurts . 
   youwo n'thavetriestebackthough we will , oh we will . 
  someday somehow . 
  ^ ^ perhaps . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ probably ^ ^ ^ ^ not ^ ^ ^ ^ though . 
  wonder if there 's a country that has `` looks like a chicken '' as our top search . 
   i wonder what attitude have serbs towards croats and vice versa nowadays . 
  not as bad as bosnian and serbian attitudes towards each other . 
  probably under slovakia 's  . 
  where 's our circle ? 
   would it be a flag you would display in your home like your country 's flag ? 
  given that i do n't display the flag of my country anywhere ( do n't see the point of flying a country 's flag while in said country , with the exception of official buildings ( parliament , courthouse , ... ) ) , my answer is no . 
  it is a pretty flag though . 
  the problem you have is that as an american , you see threats everywhere for some reason . 
  most of europe does n't . 
  you seem to think that having an armed force similar in size to america 's is necessary for defense ( we all know how `` defensive '' america is ) , while we think it 's a waste of resources . 
  there is a massive difference in how europeans and americans see military . 
  the impression i get is that americans see it as some sort of hero factory that goes and fights `` over there '' , while you and yours stay at home feeling none of the effects . 
  europeans on the other hand , see the military almost completely the opposite way , as something that comes and kills , instead of heroes leaves dead bodies , and destroys lives for generations . 
  so no , it 's not that most of us think we can will an america sized army into existence , it 's that most of us do n't believe we will need it any time in the foreseeable future . 
  whether we 're wrong or right , only time will tell . 
  yeah , that 's the one . 
  love this phrase , and this is only the second time i 've ever heard it . 
  first time was in some wallace & gromit like animated movie about chickens . 
  ours does n't . 
  literal translation : let live ( cheers to ) all the nations who yearn to await the day . 
  thus where the sun walks , the strife will be banished from the world . 
  thus every compatriot will be free . 
  not the devil , only a neighbor will ` the one from the other side of the border ' be !,
