  they ruin every game they are in . 
  nice drawing man, 
  why do people think they are special and write stupid things like, 
  '' am i alone in thinking ... '', 
  maybe fucking use it ? 
  too much greed ? 
  he is still a good hero . 
  people forgot about him . 
  i wish it still looked like that ( ( ( :, 
  interesting that bulgaria is located north of danube here ( :, 
  very cool, 
  cool, 
  haha nice one :d, 
  vega needed more force stafs on their team i think . 
  amazing work man, 
  i hope that never happens, 
  amazing, 
  cool, 
  with the amount of items added in 6.84 i dont think we will have new ones . 
  wc3 dota used to have fun names on some heroes from time to time . 
  it was riki martin for riki, 
  thats very nice . 
  banning all those boosters will only help the scene . 
  you played for ages , probably you got better . 
  wish we still looked like that :p, 
  crazy hero pics in all those chineese games . 
  pretty interesting . 
   `` were it not for britain 's involvement it 's fairly likely that russia would have captured constantinople and created a greater bulgaria heavily influenced by st petersburg , which would have fundamentally changed the history of the balkans . '', 
  only in my dreams : x, 
  amazing :d, 
  really cool man ( :, 
  but its related to balance . 
  by rule you shout always cary a tp . 
  thats why caries have to make decisions late game on how to use their slots . 
  tp being shareable is just gon na make the support caring 5 tp for the whole team . 
  nobody really sees turkey as rome eather ... 
  nice plays , but he trew his life and lgd backed after he was still dead for 40 sec . 
  big mistakes everywhere . 
  i guess they had their plan ofcource , but terorblade that fat could have raxed for 5 sec . 
  beautifull paiting man . 
  i like how the white face contrasts to the black rose . 
  would look great on the wall for sure ( :, 
  zeus, 
  pudge, 
  clinkz, 
  phoenix, 
  necro ... 
  and some others too ... ( :, 
  why ? 
  lol wtf, 
  you are not gon na be lvl 1 all game :d, 
  no one says you are gon na insta use your ult when you go to lane . 
  level 3 pudge with his full combo , same with phoenix . 
  necro is good use if he kills you when you are lvl 2-3 30 sec will cripple you . 
  looking at what op wrote it wasn ` t. 
  interesting to see team spirit have the lowest average age with 20.6 , while goblak is 27 . 
  3 very young players . 
  if they stick together maybe they can get some nice synergy between them . 
  impressive idea and execution man ( :, 
  you will probably have to explain it to him again :d, 
  really impressive play man . 
  the idea , the execution , also the balls to risk loosing your band for it :p, 
  by the looks of it its new to you . 
  you clearly didnt udnerstand what happened in the gif and in 2 of your post you said that he is dropping his fiery fire ... 
  maybe try furion . 
  that would have been awesome . 
  less that 50 % wr on your 7 most played heroes ... 
  and you think you deserve more ? 
  hey man really cool project you did there . 
  i looked some cedar spill on the internet and it seems they mostly have triangle like shape . 
  if you cut your diagonanaly on the midle in theory you can double the number . 
  just an idea i got . 
  dunno if it will work ( :, 
  crapy paint explaining ( ;, 
  cheers, 
  based dinko . 
  thats what a real man does . 
  i hope western males read this and folow him . 
  i moved it for the photo . 
  it stays near a balcony window . 
  gets maybe 2-3 hours of direct sunlight . 
  the real boarders . 
  nice desigh and work man ( ;, 
  interesting picks indeed . 
  jugg + spec, 
  if the game is not a stomp , 13 deaths on the suport sound fine, 
  awesome add, 
  i think they will maybe pick dk , magnus , aa , clock, 
  looking nice man . 
  wish i was playng dota on a cool keyboard like yours ( :, 
  sorry for the stupid question guys , but i ` m new in this subreddit ... 
  why aren ` t the keys labeled on so many keyboards here :d, 
  i also dont look at the keyboard when i use it , but having it completely naked seems a bit confusing ( :, 
  no refugees here , so no problems . 
  because if my country was flooded with half a milion unnamed , uneducated muslim men in the fighting age of 20-30 i would be . 
  you should learn to read . 
  i think its very dependant on picks . 
  yeah arteezy will stomp mid , but the other 2 lanes will be destroyed ... 
  2x1k vs 2x4k is just devastating . 
  and those guys can take heroes with strong focus .
