  i have tried stuff x5 more expensive , and i dont get alot of diference ... 
  i ` m still qute a noob thou ( :, 
  nice maps . 
  thanks for the compilation man . 
  awesome review . 
  and very cool bolt man :d, 
  awesome stuff man . 
  i can sence how happy you are ( :, 
  you both seem very happy . 
  awesome job man , i like the chains on sf . 
  and the way it looks brutal and rought , like a real fight . 
  i ` m european and loved your hosting man . 
  don ` t worry you will be fine . 
  maybe think of something conecting brewmaster-beer-brew etc. 
  sweet lineup man ( :, 
  i have no knowledge about humidors , but it does look like a cool box man . 
  first i want to say i ` m a a noob in cigar smoking . 
  i have had like 10-15 . 
  but i have similiar observations as you . 
  i have tried some more expensive cigs - meh as you say . 
  i do like the quorum cigars thou . 
  there are some small nubs with darker wrapper which i really like . 
  and they are cheap . 
  i have tried the shade a few days ago . 
  didnt liked it that much . 
  +1 like from me ( ;, 
  nice review man . 
  i love the partagas n4 and n2, 
  very cool man . 
  nice looking cigars . 
  thank you !, 
  nice fatties, 
  cool contest man . 
  i don ` t go to allot of vacations . 
  in the summer i enjoy going to the lake the most . 
  starting a fire , cooking some meat while cooling beers in the cold water :d, 
  favorite fragrance to wear is montblanc individuel . 
  i ` m new to fragrances . 
  have 4 for now and individuel is my best blind buy . 
  i don ` t see how someone won ` t like this scent . 
  really nice map . 
  thank you . 
  awesome story man ( :, 
  he needs some scotch :d, 
  thats very kind man . 
  thank you . 
  really nice post man . 
  thank you for your reviews , 
  midnight in paris van cleef & arpels for men, 
  beautiful bottle ( :, 
  thanks for the replies guys . 
  i forgot another one that seems pretty popular :, 
  360 \u00b0 red for men perry ellis for men, 
  awesome, 
  i didn ` t know creed had a fragrance with bulgarian rose in it . 
  very interesting . 
  thank you !, 
  awesome story man . 
  awesome, 
  awesome collection man . 
  really nice choices . 
  i have tried ( only 2 ml samples thou ) : ) :, 
  dior - sauvage - i did like it , but not in love with it . 
  creed - aventus - really awesome . 
  i bought l ` aventure - al haramain , because aventus is too pricey for me ( :, 
  amouage - jubilation 25 - this one is amazing . 
  really loved it , but its too expensive : x, 
  ysl - la nuit de l ` homme - loved this one . 
  amazing smell . 
  i have bought a bottle of la nuit de l ` homme le parfum and i think i like it even more . 
  creed - green irish tweed - amazing manly smell . 
  i have 2 ml of all of the above and they are great indeed . 
  i can recommend you individuel montblanc for men if you are interesting to add something new . 
  i personally really like it . 
  that was close . 
  almost died to the battle hunger, 
  notino has them . 
  i ` m a little bit sad , because one time i saw them on sale , but did not buy them :p, 
  very nice, 
  interesting map . 
  its funny how 2 bulgarias were established so far away . 
  nice reishi man !, 
  nice reply man . 
  thanks for the information, 
  very cool . 
  have fun on your trip :p, 
  bulgars , more bulgars , also bulgars : dddddddddddd, 
  i have it and i like it allot . 
  also i think the projection and longevity is better on it . 
  i really like my mont blanc individuel as a smell , but the sprayer is garbage . 
  nice map man . 
  beautiful . 
  mildly interesting that kazakhstan is shaped kinda like ukraine :d, 
  i was a bit on a brake , but started playing allot since last patch . 
  its been going nice and i have 67 % wr this week . 
  but there is something really strange going with my games . 
  since start you can spot 3-4 people with the '' ? '', 
  avatar . 
  every game there is ~ 2 smurfs per team , like with 5-6 games on acc . 
  pretty strange .
