wtf i thought its a problem with my laptop :p, 
  same shit in furnace yeah, 
  timber, 
  its pretty nice . 
  helped me a ton to turn this game :, 
  manage to outcary spek , tiny , ember with jugger in 70 min game . 
  it was pretty intense . 
  have the replay if anyone wants to look it ( ;, 
  he is pretty nice . 
  lost a nasty game with him a few days ago . 
  i rushed a 17 min hex , but made a few big mistake and game down from 1 point , as you can seen in the graph . 
  that sucks man . . 
  thanks the weaver items, 
  wtf windrunner has a third boob under her arm in the last pic o_o, 
  rocket barrage + battery assault would be pretty cool :d, 
  hmm i dont really have an oppinion . 
  i ` m with my original acc and have never thought about making a smurf . 
  most of the ones i was matched had skill . 
  but games are kinda inconsistent . 
  some of them , leave after first death ... 
  i dont really remember them being like that lets say a month ago . 
  i use to see abandons every 50 games , not 5 . . 
  yeah , but i don ` t remember being it like that before ... 
  em i in some hidden que or something ... 
  is it because of hollidays ... 
  just played 1 more game - 4-5 smurfs in it ... 
  niceee old school wc3 dota player . 
  will be cool if they invite him on some of the studios . 
  1-2 hours should n't be that hard or awkward . 
  attack on grounds doesn ` t seem to work for me too ... 
  there is also some weird patting when i clink to go in dire fountain . 
  when here goes near throne , it stops , goes back and move on the other side of it ... 
  epic, 
  get a nice courier , ward , announcer and hud ( :, 
  there are many to choose with personal taste . 
  also u can use them every game on all heroes ,, 
  forgot about a nice loading screen too ( ;, 
  do u happen to have allot of smurfs in your games ? 
  from a month or so every game when i play i can see 5 people with '' ? '', 
  avatars . 
  checking profiles i can see always that the players in the game have like 20 , 5 , 70 etc wins . 
  maybe they are different hidden ques with smurfs too . 
  i ` m not sure about size . 
  here it is . 
  the botle is 0.750 l. 
  i ` m thinking about getting a bigger container and new rich soil . 
  last year i had a pot fell and brake , i transplanted the plant in just a litl bit bigger container and it exploded in growth . 
  hoping the same will happen with this plant ( ;, 
  the new growth is the small leaves around the bottle neck . 
  thanks for the replies . 
  now i see i did my question wrong . . 
  i was gon na transplant it for sure . 
  i wanted to ask shout i transplant it now ? 
  its still winter , cold and low sun . 
  shout i transplant now or wait spring ? 
  jade is more expensive than ice ... what a shock ... 
  2 years ago o_o, 
  the numbers on her spells are super high . 
  she just need a bit in game time and people will see how strong she is . 
  people who boost ratings of other users shout be banned for ruining the system . 
  berserkers call ? 
  beautiful, 
  i don ` t know people who boots accounts on twitch are not punished . 
  they completely destroy the game in which they are . 
  i find it interesting that for all the shenanigans in a 100 min game the teams have only 10 creeps difference in overall last hits ( ; ) (, 
  why people think mmr shout always go up ? 
  did u get better your last games while playing , so your ratting should raise ? 
  go play 50 normal games , learn a think or 2 new , then get back and see if you got better . 
  in order to raise you have to get better , not just spam games ... 
  so 1 good player ( you ) + 4 noobs cant beat 5 noobs ... 
  threads like your pop everyday . 
  yea probably u cant do shit when someone is 0/15 but that happens rare ... 
  dont get mad about games like those and continue . 
  stuck means u go 50/50 . 
  but even if u win 6 and loose 5 you are still rising . 
  you shout be able to do that if indeed u are better than your ratting, 
  we call it \u0426\u0430\u0440\u0438\u0433\u0440\u0430\u0434 in bulgarian ( ;, 
  haha true ,, 
  spam 1 spam 1, 
  so being tired will drop you performance and may lead to loose ,, 
  but being pumped up wont make you better and make difference ? 
  even advantage 2 % can tip the scales and esports need strict rules and test too . 
  that looks amazing !, 
  he is still a pretty decent hero, 
  make him official security guard for every dota 2 lan hehe, 
  a tourney in moscow will be pretty epic . 
  amazing, 
  i like force stuff on him . 
  you can force + surge an ally to save him . 
  i used to usually build meka and arcanes on him , so the new guardian greaves work good for me . 
  just played him a few hours ago . 
  game was kinda stompy thou . 
  a ward is 75 , buy it yourself, 
  the person who made the ancients jungling guide ruined thousands of games ... 
  you deserve them . 
  patch and metagame are still not figured still . 
  its too early . 
  keep up the good work man, 
  sadly white europe is slowly dying ... 
  all of these people shout be banned .
