  lion + rexxar + some other stuff . 
  just insta roar + finger + some burst and nukes in the begining of every fight . 
  thats just you +4 noobs vs 5 noobs . 
  what if they pick bounty and farm track kills for 25 min . 
  they will have 4 easy targets . 
  and 1ks know khow to go 4 protect 1 ? 
  so you are actually 2x4k players . . 
  like in 4x1000 vs 4x3000 on the lanes ? 
  not really the same ... 
  your friedns are 3.5 k. . not 1k, 
  your teammates are only 1k below you . 
  thats pretty balanced . 
  you not wining 1v5 in those games . 
  boosters create huge imbalance in games . 
  its basicly 5x2k players vs 4x2k + 1x5k player . 
  nothing like the scenario ... 
  you are saying that arteezy + 4x3k players can stomp 5x3k players ... 
  i think they should be drill a hole and use a camere with some kind of flash or light source . 
  sounds pretty simple . . 
  that made me think - is a similiar mashine for tatoos gon na be a good idea ? 
  exactly man . 
  now i see how shity i wrote that :d, 
  they want to be carefull , but i want to see it so much : ddd, 
  you are still not gon na be as good as the pro gamers ... 
  there is 1 thing people are missing . 
  when you watch a pro streamer its like looking from his eyes . 
  you see his point of view and some talk and explain their game desisions . 
  its helpfull at getting better and understanding the game better . 
  imagine if you can watch foorbal from messis point of view and you also can hear his thought and ideas on the game . 
  doesnt that sound awesome to you ? 
  quelling blade core item ( :, 
  i actually kinda like the smell and taste of tabacoo ,, 
  the buzz is what i ` m not a fan off . 
  i know cigars are smoked mostly for taste not for the nicotine thou . 
  maybe i shout be looking at some mild ones . 
  thats cool man . 
  i get you . 
  we all know that people on the internet are usually total jerks and assholes . 
  seems to be different here . 
  this sub feels like a big family . 
  seen only friendly stuff happening here . 
  great comunity . 
  i bet real life hanging out with cigar smokers willl be great too ( :, 
  not that i have any problems and dont want to smoke them . 
  mostly i haven ` t find ocassions and place to try them i guess . 
  i recently got a job after some time of unemployment . 
  maybe with my first salary i will get one and enjoing it proper ( :, 
  i guess b&m is shop , but i ` m actually from europe . 
  dunno if we have those here . 
  maybe i shout just get 1 soon and try if i will like it ( :, 
  sounds awesome man . 
  also congratulations for your daughter :p, 
  looks like you had a rought start of the year man . 
  i hope you have more reasons to be happy in future . 
  i don ` t know anyone of the users , shoud i vote for someone anyway ? 
  what is this about ? 
  thanks , that sounds pretty cool . 
  voted for a guy with a very funky username :d, 
  great advices man . 
  i ` m wondeing will honey work ? 
  a nice tea with a few scoops of honey sounds like a nice pair for a cigar ( :, 
  super cool doggie man . 
  made me smile . 
  very cool album man . 
  looks like you love to party with your wife and pets . 
  cool cigar pictures too ( :, 
  sounds like a nice cigar . 
  resulted in the sack of constantinople . 
  weakened the empire . 
  probably caused 1453 . 
  beautifull piece of art man ( :, 
  very nice . 
  that sigh makes it . 
  nice story mate :d, 
  bring on some more of thoe reviews , great read . 
  thanks for your advice . 
  didnt waited for special occasion and bought a smaller one . 
  hahaha those damn eur pallets : x, 
  i have been pulling those bastards in my old and in my new job ahah, 
  thanks for the adice man . 
  tried my first one and enjoyed it . 
  will try more when i can ( :, 
  hilarious guy . 
  i hope he host more dota events, 
  awesome hosting man . 
  i hope they hire you for ti6 . 
  did you knew some of the dota personalities from before ? 
  who is your favourite dota related person ? 
  awesome resolution . 
  that epic chernozem in ukraine thou :p, 
  bulgaria looks awesome ( :, 
  cool idea man . 
  good luck ( :, 
  awesome formating on those posts man . 
  keep it up ( :, 
  try them ( :, 
  very cute :3, 
  what do you guys think about the quorum ? 
  as a novice cigar smoker i tried them and liked them . 
  they are afordable also .
