  i passively support israel 's `` right '' to exist because it is relatively free , democratic and its values align with mine more than the shitstain countries it 's surrounded by . 
  israel is a tricky case because it 's built by people who came from somewhere else but in principle the jewish people have a right to rule themselves as do palestinians . 
  it does n't matter what their values are , you do n't have to like their values but just like i ca n't revoke your vote for not voting for my party you ca n't negate anyone 's right to self determination because you deem their culture lesser . 
   in that case both canada in the us have many `` nations '' within them as well . 
  i find the distinction irrelevant the distinction is very relevant . 
  nations are people , states are places . 
   i believe in everyone 's right to self-determination as individuals . 
  note i never claimed latvian people should have any rights stripped from them nor have their right to associate as they wish interfered with . 
  nations have rights collectively as well . 
  latvians , croats like me , ukrainians , the irish have an inalienable right to a country where their language and their culture retains primacy . 
   i simply said that i would not care if latvians become a minority in latvia as long as the culture the replaces them is equally valuable according to my standards -- what about their standards ? 
   and i apply the same reasoning to any country i 'm a citizen of . 
  if canadian culture and people somehow managed to peacefully take over the us it would n't bother me at all canada and america are countries , not nations . 
  european countries aside from a few places like the uk and spain which have different nations within them are * nation states * , states built solely for that nation . 
  catalonia and scotland are n't like other seccesionist movements , they 're huge at about half the population and a majority if you only count the indigenous population ( i saw the stats and if only native scots had been able to vote they would be independent , in catalonia the unionists come from migrant backgrounds from the rest of spain ) which is why the baltics rightfully did not allow russians resident there to vote and did n't give them citizenship . 
  economic nationalism is a part of nationalism , the baltics in particular were the richest part of the soviet union eventually they would n't want to have shared their money with russians . 
  so you do n't believe in the inalienable rights of indigenous people to self determination as outlined by the united nations ? 
   if the soviet union had been a massive economic success and it 's people prospered under its rule do you really think it 's constituent countries would have been so eager to break away ? 
  yes , eventually . 
  the uk is a massive success but many scots and irish want to break away . 
  people like the idea of ruling themselves . 
  i assume you were never at risk of losing your country , your only home . 
  everyone has a home and is entitled to remain the primary rulers of that home . 
  yes , really . 
  even if jugoslavija was a completely free country , i would still want croatia to be independent because croats and only croats should have the final say on the destiny of our nation . 
  because that is their home , and the only home they will ever have . 
  whether you like it or not , ethnicities are real and for eastern europeans we just got our countries back . 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/immigration/10562574/almost-a-tenth-of-babies-and-toddlers-in-england-and-wales-are-muslim-census-figures-show.html if this is what it 's like at 5 % i do n't want to see western europe in 25 years, 
  good , this should be a world effort . 
   crushing poverty and prison camps national sovereignty international cooperation and the eu is great , but it should remain a union of states, 
  that would be a tragedy actually, 
   meanwhile criminals/terrorists just have to drive 200 km in any direction and they can be in 5 different countries with different police forces . 
  the solution to that is to end schengen, 
  always more of a federalist agenda with you people, 
  complete scum for saying such a thing . 
  what 's asshole like about boycotting a state you do n't like ? 
  every post of yours is about israel . 
  pathetic . 
  you do n't get to conquer territory in a war and then start settling it while expecting no retaliation sorry . 
  if it were just about security there would be no settlements . 
  it 's not the moral police , but it 's been shown by studies that the best way to raise a well developed child is in a stable home with a father and a mother . 
  my homeland may be poor , but it is safe and i know that in 20 , 50 , or 200 years that croats will never be reduced to a minority in croatia . 
  ca n't say the same about great britain or france or belgium . 
  i would rather croatia be less relevant and still exist , then become a terrorist hell where the people the state was created for do n't even hold a majority . 
  holding a population hostage and oppressing them for half a century can be dangerous work, 
  there are traces of sephardic ancestry all over southern europe , unless you can find a concrete lineage and have proof you 're not going to be able to get citizenship . 
  contact your local synagogue or something and see if they can help . 
  i 'm not saying we should lock women up in convents , but yes i think that 2 married parents should be portrayed as the ideal . 
  if you attack someone else 's country , do n't expect to be treated nicely . 
  gibraltar has belonged to the uk for a long time and the people think of themselves as british people , why is it silly ? 
  because you do n't like it ? 
  paris belonging to france is silly then , i guess, 
  you do n't attack another nation 's territory and expect nothing to come from it . 
  those islands belong to them , as does gibraltar . 
  how would you feel if someone took a part of your country ? 
   for example , the government could stop sending press releases to certain newspapers until they start proving themselves to be reliable and honest ( or ** follow the established party line ** - another rabbit hole ) media being punished for not following the party line sounds like what my parents grew up with , i 'll pass . 
  if you had no understanding of the language or desire to immerse yourself in the culture why would you move to qatar ? 
  i do n't think that spain would attack a fellow nato member 's territory . 
  plus the uk army is strong , spain should remember the falklands and stop this madness . 
  they should be corrected by others , but nobody should stop them from printing . 
  for me it is not a matter of defending them . 
  i think they 're a shock tabloid but i also think that a 100 % free and independent press is important for a free country . 
  i get a bad taste in my mouth from the state telling people what they can and can not say or what they must publish . 
  question : is the german government planning on keeping them forever or will they be sent home ? 
  i know many balkan refugees were sent away after everything was settled . 
  do n't cancel your trip to europe !, 
  i would avoid paris/brussels/london right now but there is more to europe than that . 
  go see prague , go to the mountains in switzerland , go to the beach in croatia . 
  europe is more than just the west . 
  they 're not inciting violence , inciting violence would be ' 1 in 5 muslims in the uk support isis !, 
  kill them before they kill us ', 
  professional moral responsibility , sure but tabloids like the sun should be able to report whatever they want without legal consequence . 
  i 'm not agreeing with the sun , i 'm saying they have a right to freely publish whatever they want . 
  seems a bit distasteful . 
  a newspaper is owned by a person , and articles are written by another person . 
  there is no 100 % guarantee of truth or of honest writing . 
  you 've made your position clear , you only believe in press freedom if the press is free to publish what you want . 
  people should have the freedom to say what they want without intervention from the state unless they 're inciting violence ( not ` hate ' but actually making calls to violence ) . 
  no it does n't , because you 're not singling out a person . 
  because yellow journalism is literally murder amirite ? 
  self restraint is when you stop yourself , not when someone else stops you . 
  you 're talking about individual libel . 
  this paper never targeted a specific person . 
  if they said ` xx person is an isis supporter ' you would have an argument . 
   does n't make you excempt from regulations and laws . 
  fair enough , but if there is laws dictating what you can and can not publish let 's not call it a free and independent press . 
  should we really encourage single parenthood if it is n't necessary ? 
  i mean things happen but it should never be the ideal . 
  this depresses me . 
  there is nothing bad or outdated about finding someone you love and having a family . 
   this claim is actaully so ridiculous . 
  `` oh no a newspaper was forced to tell the ( objective ) truth . 
  muh freedom of press '' . 
  why should they be forced if it is a privately owned newspaper ? 
  nobody forces the public to read and believe it . 
  they should be able to write that pigs fly and the sky is purple . 
  again it 's a private enterprise . 
  you 're comparing posting sensational headlines to child rape ? 
   newspapers still have a highly influential role in the creation of a public opinion and they thus need to be ( somewhat ) reliable or stay vague . 
  so the newspapers should be told by the state what to say ?
