  we got a free country, 
   most israeli citizens have nothing to do with this . 
  they 're born there and just trying to live their lives as peacefully as possible too i do n't condone attacks against civilians but if israelis actually cared about peace and security they would elect a government that wanted to implement a 2 state solution asap . 
  european citizens have done nothing wrong , israelis perpetuate a 50 year long occupation and then act shocked when the people they 're stealing land from get angry . 
  so basically anything but am yosrael chai is a redline for you ? 
  the world must be a scary place for you . 
  i 'm not advocating terrorism against civilians but i am affirming what the un sec general has said by begging the question ` how could you expect them not to resist occupation ? ', 
  should the un be banned too ? 
  inb4 ` the un is meaningless ' only to israel it is . 
  are you moroccan or was she confiding in you as a friend ? 
  there are legal ways to get around the law , like saying ` it 's no longer available ' when you hear their name or see their face without saying why . 
  i 'm a patriot of my native european country and of my adopted home australia until i die . 
  fuck whoever has a problem with it . 
  ah yes , silencing any debate with wild accusations ... a long zionist tradition !, 
  i 'm not an anti-israel fanatic , the 2 state solution is the view held by every government on earth . . it 's the ` we own everything on the land fuck you ' attitude that 's an extreme position . 
  i 'm not justifying violence against israeli * civilians * but i understand that people will resist occupation and try to destabilise said occupation . 
  the difficulty arises due to the fact that the line between civilian and legitimate government target are blurred there . 
  i could n't give a damn what tendencies you think i have . 
  it 's only able to be proven as discrimination if you openly say it . 
  you could just tell the person the unit is taken or not return their call and there is nothing they can do about it . 
  did n't you know ? 
  it 's not terroristic murder that 's so bad , the number one evil in this world is patriotism !, 
  russian muslims are russian , not even immigrants but native russians . 
  i do n't understand why there would be a controversy . 
  it 's safe from street crime , but i would n't feel safe from terror . 
  even if it does n't happen every day like pakistan there is a feeling of trepidation that it can happen and eventually will happen . 
  you ca n't say the same about eastern europe , canada , australia , nz ... 
  what wo n't work is dividing the country , theres no current census but things are all mixed up ... again it will lead to ethnic cleansing on a massive scale . 
  there is no way to create 3 contiguous states otherwise . 
   the only crime israel has committed is existing . 
  i 'm not disputing its existence i 'm saying that it 's settlements under international law and continued oppression of palestine elicits a response . 
  exist within your sovereign borders like every other damn countr  you would think that as a european you would learn from your past before demanding that jews pay the price of their existence . 
  i 'm sorry , i did n't realise that because the holocaust happened every jewish person is immune from critique and can do no wrong . 
   i guess i was let down , it 's hard to extinguish anti-semitism if it is engraved for 2,000 years you 're going to be very let down if you think accusing someone of anti semitism for every little thing will actually have an affect . 
  you cheapen the meaning of the word . 
  bosniaks would rightfully riot in the streets if that happened or worse , and what about croats will you have hercegovina join croatia ? 
  what about mixed regions ? 
  it would be unworkable without more ethnic cleansing . 
  unlike europe , israel 's behaviour right now towards an entire nation is what causes the terror . 
  belgium did nothing to deserve this , israel gives palestinians plenty of reasons to rage . 
  western europe is n't . 
  donald trump is amazing . 
  the state is impossible to run now because the \u010detniki are willfully obstructionist . 
  the belgians and french are no longer imperialist . 
  it 's offensive to victim blame them or compare them to a state that is currently being violent to another population . 
  it should n't split up , it should centralise . 
  okay , you 're not really interested in conversation . 
  western europe did nothing wrong to its immigrant populations , israel abuses an entire nation of people . 
   he wo n't even live out a fourth of that sentence and i 'd be surprised if he is n't dead by the end of this year . 
  how justice for the victims of the man that has committed genocide against your people brings about disappoint in a `` moral failure '' - i do n't know because it is n't justice and he was n't prosecuted for all the acts of genocide he committed . 
  for people like him , the death penalty is warranted just like for certain high ranking nazis at nuremberg . 
  at the very least he should be handed over to bih so they can handle his prison arraignments , i 'm sure they 'd make him * comfortable * . 
  they deal with a much greater terror threat for a completely different reason . 
  belgium and france did n't bring the problem on themselves by currently perpetrating a multigenerational occupation and settlement enterprise of a neighbour country and a litany of human rights abuses ... israel does . 
  is this basically a ` thats what you get ha ha ' moment for zionists ? 
  apparently europeans deserve what is happening because the eu not been completely supportive of israel 's heavy handedness in palestine and egregious violations of international law . 
  it 's not the first piece i 've seen like this . 
  several pieces saying how europeans now understand what is going on in israel even though the situation is completely incomparable ( belgium is n't illegally occupying a country for 50 years and building settlements , for one ) it implies that there is a significant contingent of israelis and their supporters that are smugly saying ` ha thats what you get ' . 
  just nasty . 
  i think i would go to hell if i said what i wanted to say right now, 
  bih will never be able to function as a state without constitutional reform . 
  rs and dayton make it impossible to run the country . 
  this seems like israel has a smug sense of satisfaction about this . 
  very distasteful . 
   so , assuming cargo lanes can just move unchecked , what do passport checks for the rest even accomplish then ? 
  no you misunderstood me , you make cargo lands where lorries can be checked without holding up traffic . 
  are they going to run threw the forest ? 
  you make seperate cargo lanes . 
  yes , i think the ira did that in ireland too . 
  i do n't know specifically about the pkk but these independence groups generally do n't want to kill civilians , they want to make the region ungovernable for the state they view as illegitimate, 
  not really , i 'm not arguing for a wall between france and belgium but simple passport checks . 
  we did it reddit !, 
  a school is also a government building , so it can be interpreted as a legitimate target being an arm of an unwanted state . 
  source that they bombed a school with children in class ? 
  i do n't get what you mean ? 
  are you calling the american revolutionaries , the original irish republicans , and the zng bad ? 
  because that 's absolutely ridiculous . 
  those men are heroes . 
  terrorist or not completely depends on who won . 
  if the kurds eventually get a state , then the pkk will not be seen as terrorists if they never do then they will be, 
  i do n't think it lost its legitimacy but it did commit individual bad acts . 
  a school is a government building , so the reason they would target a school is part of the larger tactic of making the state unable to function in the territory they wish to control . 
  while i disagree with the pkk 's leftist ideology , they 're not terrorists anymore than the founding fathers of the united states or the perpetrators of the irish easter rising or the zng during our war for independence were terrorists . 
   as i said , this does not matter to me . 
  your definition of `` nation '' here is indistinguishable from `` tribe '' . 
  well yes , it 's basically the same thing . 
  that 's why we talk about stateless nations like the kurds in the middle east . 
  a nation is really an outgrowth of a tribe . 
  i 'm a diaspora croat , my family left during wartime . 
  i have an aussie passport and an aussie accent and i do n't speak my language perfectly anymore ( still fluent but i mess up with grammar etc ) but i 'm still a croat , i will always be one . 
   while i am all for self-segregating ourselves with others that we have things in common with , i do n't believe people should have any rights as groups -- only as individuals that 's where the fundamental disagreement lies , i gather, 
   they have sovereignty , which is not the same thing . 
  unless you 're trying to hammer in a distinction between `` nation '' and `` country '' , which i do n't care about . 
  but anyway we 're not talking about how things are here , but how i believe they should be . 
  the distinction is important . 
  nations and countries/states are not the same thing . 
  nation states are states for one nation , but a state can comprise several nations . 
  my parents ' state was jugoslavija , but their nation was never jugoslav ... it was croat  it 's funny 'cause this is one of the arguments people use to defend israel 's existence . 
  the jewish people are entitled to their own country , they say . 
  i always found that to be a ridiculous argument .
