  as far as i know the cuban exiles in america have n't been implicated in left wing terror and there is no desire to turn florida into a people 's republic , many muslims in europe still keep the ideology that makes their countries shitty close to their hearts . 
  you ca n't help those who do n't want help . 
  i see communism as a death cult , isis may take your head but marxism takes your spirit, 
  what irony ? 
  communism is a death cult and people need to be saved from it . 
  i know this because my parents lived under it . 
  plus people from communist countries are usually staunchly against the left . 
  rightful dansk clay * though not so sure they want malm\u00f6 these days even if you offered it *, 
  the united states has functioned without cuba for 50 years and no cubans are illegal to the usa , they 're refugees from communism . . which i sympathise with since communism is evil and it 's better to be dead than to be red . 
  no drugs come from cuba . 
  poland borders russia , belarus and ukraine all strategic interests for america, 
  and the baltics , then eesti can finally into nordic, 
  okay , still a more important ally and friend to america than * cuba * but barry was n't too busy to take photos in habana in front of che guevara 's portrait with castro . 
  i did n't say it was n't equally as native . 
  the thing is traditional ethnic finn ways of life have died out but apparently sami are still herding reindeer :, 
  oh you 're a scanian, 
  they 're one of the only european states along with the baltics that contributes their 2pc of gdp and is always a willing participant in all nato activities . 
  reindeer herding and going on viking raids are 2 different things mate . 
  if you 're swedish that is n't your native culture anyway , those were danes and to a lesser extent norwegians raiding england . 
  you should preserve native cultures . 
  russian jews are not russians by ethnicity . 
  i have heard others call the sami the ` only indigenous ethnicity ' in europe which really bothers me , i thought you were saying similar, 
  as if finns in finland are any less indigenous than the sami ? 
  give me a break , every nation in europe is made up of indigenous people . 
  it 's not even pseudo , it 's fact . 
  i bet if europeans washed up on these shores with nothing it will still be a great country . 
  fact is that abos have an average iq below 60 , their baseline is what we call retarded . 
  you could give them france and they would still run around drinking petrol and demanding dole . 
  stop talking like a green voter . 
  ok , and it actually makes things easier imo, 
  the turks deserve another [ kenan evren ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kenan_evren ) , because they 're just in general a pompous horrible people who need to be taken down a few notches . 
  so basically you 're saying we created better technology and brought civilisation to terra nullius where our native fauna had failed for 40 millenniums ? 
  nz has the same odd conditions but at least the maori did * something * with it , abos nothing . 
  they still do nothing but get drunk on petrol . 
  so how did europeans create a civilised society ? 
  are you implying that people from europe are superior to australia 's native fauna ? 
  so why were europeans ( and not just any europeans , the lowest of the low - deported criminals from the uk and ireland ) able to build one of the best countries on earth in a few decades when the abos had 40k years and did nothing ? 
  good, 
  they 're also planning attacks on everyone in europe, 
  okay , well the president of one of the most loyal members of the nato alliance is going to be in america and obama is turning his nose up but apparently he was n't too busy to sit and discuss dialectics with castro while people were dying from bombs in the city where nato is hq 'd . 
  such a lowlife . 
  i see your flag . 
  nasty people . 
  i know better than a \u010detnik, 
  do n't be facetious . 
  a diplomatic visit is completely different , mr soetoro should show some support for his nato ally ... but apparently he 's too damn special, 
   aboriginal australians never built complex societies either yeah , the native fauna of australia is a real pain in the behind, 
  why is barry so uppity ? 
  eastern europeans live in deprivation and poverty in england and germany and in our home countries and we are discriminated against , we do n't do what they do . 
  the chinese live in terrible poverty too . 
  it 's low iq + high testosterone . 
  terrible people, 
  sometimes propaganda is true . 
  i 'm not bothered until they come to the country where i live ( australia ) , or come to a country in the eu where they have free rights to live and work in my native country ( croatia ), 
  it 's an american channel detailing the problems they cause there and ? 
  bantu are generally violent people whether in uganda , america , europe ... there 's a reason they never built a complex society whereas every other people 's from asia to the mayans did, 
  they 're not fundamentalist but they are still usually problematic criminals, 
  great video , every european city should have a march like this yearly . 
  good . 
  but they 're native to part of russia , right ? 
  no it is n't , and russia is n't mostly atheist . 
  you could say that about croatia , and perhaps bosnia and kosovo but they sent back a lot of serbs too and back then serbia was still against europe . 
  will the same happen for syrians ? 
   you know so much about this conflict do n't you ? 
  you really know of the causes and reasons as to why it all sprung up but the turks who literally have lived with them , died with them , laughed and cried with them , married them , had kids with them , killed them , be killed by them , saved their lives , had their lives saved by them , did business with them , fought side by side and against them know absolutely nothing about why some marxist idiots chose to take up arms agains the turkish state . 
  outsiders know everything about the kurds but these turks know nothing / s. 
  i 'm not an expert , but the fact is that kurds should n't rule over turks and turks should n't rule over kurds . 
  multinational states are doomed to fail . 
   it 's this constant arrogance from outsiders to this conflict that drives me up the wall . 
  the primary cause of this conflict is economic and social disenfranchisement owing to mistakes committed on the part of the turkish state as well as local kurdish tribes who were opposed to the modernisation efforts of the state in an effort to preserve their feudal social structures . 
  have you ever considered that they do n't want to take part in your ` modernisation efforts ' just like my people did n't want to become amalgamated into yugoslavs . 
  it 's their land , if they want to live however they want they should be able too . 
  if they do n't want to hear your language or see your flag that 's their right . 
   yeah i 've been to croatia last year , that 's working out really well for you guys . 
  you 've traded yugoslavia for the eu the eu is a voluntary association of states who retain sovereignty . 
  if we ever want to leave we wo n't have to fight a war . 
  lol no , just divide it among the ethnicities currently living there . 
  it 's not because the government is n't `` looking after them '' it 's because they view the government as an illegitimate force on their land . 
  as someone from a country that became independent only a few years before i was born i sympathise . 
  i would rather croatia be a independent backwards poor shithole where croats and only croats decide our destiny than very rich as part of yugoslavia . 
  turkey , like yugoslavia needs to be partitioned imo . 
  germany and austria and sweden gave a lot of refugees from the balkan wars deportatiin notices in the early 2000s, 
  this should n't even be a question . 
  well for germany it 's the ~ ~ refugee ~ ~ migrant crisis , for france it 's years of failed migrant integration plus high unemployment due to globalisation plus the french tendency to ( rightfully ) see french culture as better than most and to be wary of foreign influences , for the uk it 's anti immigration sentiment combined with a large part of the country that does n't see the uk as belonging to europe , for poland it 's high unemployment and a sense that traditional catholic polish culture is under attack from the west, 
  i would like to know this too, 
  europe is not one place there are lots of different countries . 
  it seems the right is rising in northern and eastern europe and the radical left in peripheral europe ( portugal , ireland , spain , greece ), 
  yes we fought the serbs . 
  we did nothing to the bosniaks in concert with the serbs ... btw albanians and bosniaks are too different things . 
  croatia and serbia were enemies what are you talking about ? 
  we fought serbs . 
  you have no idea about the balkans . 
  weallkip, 
  they left of their own accord and unlike palestinian refugees are legally allowed to return . 
  i 'm talking about the occupied territories first of all , secondly the serbs left of their own accord , thirdly israel dos expel people within the green line in the 1948 nakbah, 
  nordic countries if you want to be a benefits sponge . 
  germany if you want to work ( great economy low unemployment ) . 
  but we did n't extend the recognised borders of our new country into another country and start settling it ... that 's the difference . 
  that would be serbs . 
   did your citizens deserve everything they got in the 90s because they elected tudjman ?
