his son had just been born, 
  i would love to return and probably will after my studies, 
  ` muh terrible fascism ', 
  my father grew up in yugoslavia not australia as i said we came in the 90s, 
  yes, 
  once that older jugo nostalgic generation dies i 'm confident that will change as for antifa [ look at all 20 of them how cute ] ( http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-n03txpzvb5i/vpq5vdi9h0i/aaaaaaaabck/hzql0uv_-re/s1600/antifa-zagreb.jpg ), 
  it is evil and disgusting and thankfully as dead as tito, 
   would not live in diaspora if serbs had not started a war, 
  there 's no insulting or hating it 's fact . 
  the party was literally called savez ** komunista ** jugoslavije ... 
  go celebrate another defeat as a victory ` muh kosovo 1389 ', 
  no true scotsman fallacy tito may he rot in hell was a communist, 
   makes slander and lies against croats during oluja and the ndh typrical \u010detnik tbh, 
  shut up with your saltiness and lies about what happened in the wars, 
  did you know that europe does n't mean the eu ? 
  europe is a continent , the eu is a political organisation if you want to go down this route then also ban swiss , norwegians , icelanders , serbs , albanians , kosovans , macedonians , bosnians , moldovans , ukrainians , belarussians , russians , and turks also, 
   they can do that . 
  nobody forces greece to accept the rescue plans . 
  they can declare bankruptcy and leave the eurozone they should n't have to go bankrupt or be penalised for german predatory lending you can be facetious all you want but if german ww2 debt was n't forgiven and the allies followed through with their plans to destroy your industry and make all your coal and resources british and french property your country would be moldova with lederhosen, 
   owes to they should n't be paying shit . 
  interest rates on greek debt were 10 % as of 2015 . 
  so as i said , usurious . 
  they should n't be paying at all , they 're victims of western predatory lending . 
  germany has no room to speak they had most of their ww2 debt forgiven and that 's what partially enabled them to become such a big economy instead of a deindustrialised shit hole, 
   all that matters is that they do not have the money they should tell their usurious german creditors to shove it and then they 'd have the money, 
  i would buy it if i could the best european of the 20th century, 
  i do n't get what you mean ? 
  there 's actually plenty ? 
  we have all of european history as an example . 
  morality is decided by the majority via representative democracy . 
  the majority of poles who voted did so for a party that want to enshrine the catholic faith more into polish life and was open about this , they got what they voted for . 
  does everything have to turn into this ? 
  well off the top of my head : the ndsap ( got the largest vote share ) all of the nationalist parties that were voted in after democracy came to jugoslavija syriza in greece there is probably more but i am not a historian all of these elections coincide with economic and other problems, 
  the end of the war to the late 60s was growing economies in britain , france , england and a big leap in living standard the post war settlement did n't fall apart until the tail end of the 60s with things like the oil crisis and the 68 riots in france and the raf in germany, 
  non centrist parties do n't get in power until things go to shit 99 % of the time, 
  the post war period was a time of relative stability for western europe , that 's why centrist politics worked, 
  centrist politics are for times of certainty and stability ie not now, 
  borgerhout is in antwerp not brussels, 
   the area of nagorno-karabakh , an almost entirely armenian populated area , is part of azerbidjan not anymore it ai n't suck it turkish imperialists !, 
   why do polish catholics feel they have right to force other people in poland ( non-catholics ) to obey their rules ? 
  because poland is an overwhelmingly catholic country and majority rules, 
  100 % supporting armenia in this, 
  disgusting human beings . 
  karachi city council has too many pakistanis, 
  people in rural areas need the bus to get into town . 
  you brought it up :  maybe you should be thanking the us for shoving democracy down your countries throat, 
  agreed 100 % but i 'm disgusted about the double standard applied where one is sacrosanct and the other is routinely denied, 
  my cat has better knowledge of economics than varoufakis, 
  turks only believe in free speech when they want to deny the armenian genocide without legal consequences, 
  that 's because poland is a good catholic country so he loves them for following the one true church, 
  negative stuff and advocating violence are too different things i went on sputnik today and i ca n't find any thing telling russians in latvia to over throw the latvian state if they 're such a problem why not just expel the russians ? 
  we did it with serbs and we are better off ? 
  victory will be ours . 
   well , yes . 
  it implies that the presence of moors is a bad thing ; something to be scared of . 
  it is unquestionably, 
  the ` serious minister ' made me laugh, 
  that sounds a bit crackpot tbh, 
   even negroes have right to accept slavery , do they not ? 
  i guess , but it does n't mean i would respect someone who voluntary makes themselves second class . 
   is n't that part of a free , civil society ? 
  yes , you 're free to be self defeating and pitiful and i 'm free to chastise you for it . 
   what about people who are into bdsm ? 
  then they like being humiliated , however that 's something you keep at home, 
   ukraine does not need nato anymore , unlike most eu countries with decorative toyish armies . 
  good i 'm glad !, 
   eu is not ready for eu . 
  economically a lot of states were n't ready . 
   it has no borders , big problem  proven by putin and isis ( saddam 's ex-officers and kgb/fsb agents ) . 
  you 're saying kgb did isis ? 
  i thought russia supported bashar ? 
  i do n't believe in conspiracy , i do n't like warmongers or cosmopolitans ... 
  i do n't want to fight anyone we have our own problems . 
  call me ante paveli\u0107, 
  it 's easy to say you want war in europe while you 'll be safe in america . 
  local conflict is one thing but head to head nato and russian conflict will leave millions of people my people dead, 
  a conflict between 2 countries that does n't spill over is one thing , russian bombs in germany and american bombs in moscow is another and that 's where nato v russia conflict will lead . 
  we avoided war during the entire cold war not to blow it all up afterwards, 
  it was aggressive i agree , but i 'm not talking about local conflict but actual real war between nato and russia . 
  no thanks i do n't want the continent turned to rubble . 
  it was aggressive i agree , but i 'm not talking about local conflict but actual real war between nato and russia . 
  no thanks i do n't want the continent turned to rubble . 
  none of us want war , bring ukraine into nato now is asking for war on the continent, 
  why are you such a warmonger, 
  while you 're in open conflict you ca n't join nato , they would have to cede their claims to dpr , lpr and crimea, 
  it 's not ready for the eu and putting them in nato risks higher likelihood of war . 
  not that i do n't believe this but do you have a source that is n't the algemeiner , jerusalem post , haaretz , ynet , forward , jta , or israel national news ? 
  agreed . 
  god i love poland, 
  [ 25 years ago today ( 31 march 1991 ) was the plitvice bloody easter in croatia , marking the beginning of the yugoslav wars which killed almost 140k and displaced 4m ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/plitvice_lakes_incident ) . 
  the inevitable result of diversity is war . 
   i think it 's more the fact that these propaganda machines have only 1 purpose and that is to twist everything that is happening or even making straight up lies to discredit anything that is happening and to show it as something that only makes russia look more so ? 
  press freedom, 
  well yes there 's stereotyping of everyone but what i 'm saying is that you did n't bring what you left . 
  the anti castro paramilitary groups were all clandestinely supported by the american government fwiw, 
  the east germans left in east germany got a raw deal from reunification , they have heterogenous politics in general the extreme right is bigger there too . 
  i wonder how many ossis living in hamburg or stuttgart enjoying the benefits of beautiful free market capitalism vote for die linke ... guess is very few, 
  to be clear i think sputnik is garbage low quality propaganda though i do watch rt documentaries and ruptly on youtube but i feel like this is something russia would do not a free country like latvia . 
  as long as they are not advocating the overthrow of the latvian state or making calls to violence i am uncomfortable with this . 
  i think the difference is that exiles from cuba , or the eastern bloc when it was around etc have very little likelihood of bringing what they 're fleeing from with them .
