  yes . 
  i do n't think that being anti-immigration is equivalent to being authoritarian . 
  this is a phenomenon which deserves it 's own axis with positions ranging from full open-borders to full-blown nationalism . 
  does `` bivol '' mean buffalo in bulgarian ? 
  no wonder migrants do n't want to stay in france . 
  this could be from romania , but the road looks too well-maintained . 
  [ the business implications are clear ] ( https://xkcd.com/1138 ), 
  corruption ? 
  when the tax people come you bribe them so they look away . 
  it 's very common in romania as well . 
  from that document 's first footnote :  the gender pay gap ( gpg ) in unadjusted form represents the difference between average gross hourly earnings of male paid employees and of female paid employees as a percentage of average gross hourly earnings of male paid employees , in the sectors of industry , construction and services ( except public administration , defense , compulsory social security ) . 
  the indicator has been defined as unadjusted ( e.g. 
  not adjusted according to individual characteristics that may explain part of the earnings difference ) because it should give an overall picture of gender inequalities in terms of pay . 
  the gender pay gap is the consequence of various inequalities ( structural differences ) in the labour market such as different working patterns , differences in institutional mechanisms and systems of wage setting . 
  consequently , the pay gap is linked to a number of legal , social and economic factors which go far beyond the single issue of equal pay for equal work so it 's the average of all workers . 
  i do n't understand this . 
  why should britain give money to calais to fix it 's mess ? 
  the obvious solution is for the french police to process all of these people . 
  grant refugee status ( in france ) to the people who fit the criteria and deport the rest . 
  the real embarrassment is that red-blue gradient . 
  this is just ridiculous bullshit . 
  who upvotes this crap ? 
  also romanians are not usually considered slavs . 
  afaik only the communist party is banned . 
  also , the source looks like a local us news site . 
  there is nothing about this in romanian news . 
  i think the article is simply inaccurate . 
  what the fuck is wrong with france ? 
  then they should n't be meps . 
  the protesters just surrendered ? 
  why not crimea as well ? 
  the glory of socialism !, 
  tl ; dr : the nazis are invading again, 
  i do n't really understand your complaint . 
  all democracies have a few dominant parties . 
  the difference between two-party and multi-party systems is how easy it is for small parties to get representation . 
  i 'm theory one could imagine a system where no party reaches 20 % or even 15 % but i do n't see why that would be desirable . 
  that 's the kind of stuff romania is proud of . 
   1 / we censure delist most of those links to keep this subreddit clean of propaganda but then a lot of people would complain of censorship , and they would be right . 
  immigation is a major issue for a lot of people and it wo n't go away . 
  and banning discussion because you 're not happy with people 's opinions is political censorship in it 's purest form . 
  happy imperial collapse day !, 
  i hope russia repeats this experience . 
   `` nationalist international '', 
  [ it does not look like it to me ] ( https://d25d2506sfb94s.cloudfront.net/cumulus_uploads/inlineimage/2015-06-08/est-gender.png ) . 
  it actually seems that slightly more women than men voted tory . 
  the gap seems to be on ukip support , and it 's still not very large . 
  resistance is futile, 
  australia, 
  i love the downvotes . 
  i wish i could get to -55 . 
  they 're twice as bad as the ss, 
  yes . 
  it really sucks that people in poor countries can get good jobs . 
  wait , they 're raising another nation 's flag ? 
  that 's fucked up . 
  why do all austrian parties have an '' \u00d6 '' in their name ? 
  middle francia stronk !, 
   orb\u00e1n underlined that the death penalty can not be introduced in hungary for it does not comply with the eu treaty this is true . 
  but treaties can be renegotiated . 
  if hungary want to reintroduce capital punishment it needs to change the treaties first . 
  that would be extremely difficult . 
  yes , clearly the purpose of secularism is to oppress women . 
  greece has you beat . 
  3 out of 10.8 million people live in athens . 
  the majority population of romania is also very very racist . 
  much more racist than ukip . 
  citation ? 
  so you can bribe your way around border controls ? 
  truly shocking . 
   large-scale migration is going to remain a mega-trend of our century let 's solve the problems of the world by importing them to europe . 
  was n't this already rejected ? 
  you need an arbitrary cutoff anyway and 18 is good enough . 
  lowering the voting age is not worth debating . 
  maybe they should unite with france . 
  so , um , what does perroflauta mean ? 
  according to google it means `` street musician '' ? 
   farage would have been infront of the tv cameras within minutes shouting about how foreigners are being allowed to vote on british matters and he would have been right . 
  this is obviously the only sane approach . 
  only citizens get to vote . 
  i do n't see how this is helpful . 
  let 's make an unhappy minority feel even more marginalized yay !, 
   potentially up to 70 million people eligible to become irish citizens in the world and over 20 million of these already are , only 4.6 million people live in ireland . 
  citation ? 
  ireland really has 20 million citizens ? 
  that seems a bit high . 
  it helps that / r/romania is shit . 
    evil shhaileh was a close collaborator to former minister , liviu dragnea , excellent copy/paste skills, 
  yeah , this is definitely capitalism 's fault . 
  well , yeah . 
  it 's also mentioned in the title . 
  so the eu 's reaction to people fleeing to it 's shores from a country in civil war is to * sink the boats * ? 
  history will not remember this kindly . 
  i am an atheist and i see nothing wrong with this . 
  it 's great to see rt branching out into more forms of fascist propaganda . 
   feels nice , as a foreigner , to know that they 're actively thinking about not hurting you . 
  so , watching people self-censor makes you happy ? 
  i think that 's just fucked up . 
  but he 's a ginger and gingers are a minority and minorities ca n't be racist so how can he be a neo-nazi ? 
  does this kind of crap really belong in / r/europe ?
