oh i was not aware that we have that there . 
  never been to panaromas mcdonalds, 
  yeah i thought so . 
  still it 'll be quite some time until we get them i think, 
  sweeden had a self-order huge tablet where you pick your entire meal in mcdonalds . 
  still i think this design was created only to stab the enemy in case the flag needs protection, 
  looks more like a spear than a pole, 
  thats the joke, 
  vandamk\u0117 - mostly a slang word . 
  it got the name from the actor jean-claude van damme often appearing in films with these types of shirts . 
  he was very popular here some years ago . 
  regularly called undershirt, 
  yep vytautas is the most popular sparkling water in lithuania but it 's not the only one, 
  everyone one of them, 
  lithuania . 
  we 're just basically russia to everyone and i can understand why they would think so . 
  just because you could n't speak the same language or was there a deeper reason for it ? 
  they say the same thing in lithuania that our language is one of the most difficult to learn . 
  my pessimistic opinion is that we say that just to be proud of something because our ` little ' countries do n't have much to show the world in terms of interesting or useful qualities . 
  in lithuania they live in places called ` taboras ' basically slums . 
  they almost always deal drugs there and it 's a big problem . 
  they do n't try to scam you in the streets that often but i have heard of mugging incidents, 
  first time hearing this, 
  oh i remember that game with the ` o ' thing . 
  it did n't last for long because everyone abused it and it wasnt fun anymore . 
  hes refering to other types of games that are spoken and/or played outside, 
  im quite young so i was n't that age to use one.lt but i remember from other people it was only popular with teens for the most part . 
  facebook is still the most popular social network that has ever been present in lithuania . 
  how did living in estonia help you ? 
  what country are you from that you can perfect your language skills in bars ? 
  sorry i was n't trying to make it sound like you 're old but from what i 've seen most of redditors are something like ~ 14-22 . 
  and i forgot that when you were young , soviets were present . 
  my country was also occupied but i have n't met a single person who lived in soviet times and learned english . 
  everything was in russian back then so they were forced to learn it . 
  did you learn russian or was it not as prevalent in your country ? 
  thanks for sharing . 
  always interesting to hear from older redditors about certain topics . 
  thats even more fascinating . 
  social networks were n't popular before facebook apart from one.lt which was a shittier version of it , not used by anyone today, 
  thats surprising, 
  it 's interesting that you mention english being your primary language right now . 
  could you say that you 're better at english than in your native language right now ? 
  where do you live right now by the way ? 
  so is it more popular than facebook ? 
  is it possible to become fluent in english only through english classes in your school ? 
  i personally think that it 's impossible in my country due to our low competence teachers unless you put in a lot of effort yourself, 
  i have heard similar things in lithuania . 
  there is a popular anecdote about a neighbor 's house being on fire and the other neighbor asking his friend to bring firewood to increase the fire . 
  it 's funnier if said than written and with a certain voice . 
  but it clearly is the same thing as you mentioned op . 
  i think it 's mostly older generations mentality so it is n't present with the younger generation that much i think . 
  lithuanians get mistaken for russian all the time . 
  mostly because our languages sound very similar to the inexperienced ear . 
  sadly most of lithuanians gets offended because thats the nationality we try to distance ourselves from . 
  which one was the last ? 
  then he wants to be added on snapchat by anyone who is n't lazy to do it . 
  hope this helped you, 
  it 's lithuanian . 
  translation : whoever is n't lazy add ( add me/add it ) . 
  it 's really hard to understand what this sentence means without context . 
  i 'd love to correct my translation if you added some information about that sentence . 
  edit : grammar, 
  you did n't mention brazil . 
  do any of them consider brasil as an option ? 
  you know due to the languages being very closely related . 
  yes you just spin it with one hand . 
  i have one myself and it just helps me stay calm and keeps my hands bussy because i tend to fidget with anything i can find around my desk . 
  wow im surprised most of europe uses such hard grading sistems . 
  in lithuania we have grades ranging from 1 to 10 , 1 being the lowest possible , 10 being perfect . 
  i do n't understand why countries adopt letters or weird number amounts to count grades . 
  10 numbers is just right in my opinion . 
  if i remember correctly from my history lessons , the soviets were at their peak then and if the polish didnt stop them then , half of europe could have been enslaved by soviets, 
  i could n't disagree more . 
  the second one is n't even a flag , it 's more of a picture , flags are supposed to be like you know flags , they should ' t have symbols ans such only stripes . 
  the current one also has meaning : yellow is the sun at the the top , green is the green fields and forest which we are quite fond of and red symbolises blood that our ancestors sacrified fighting for our freedom . 
  it 's not only limited to drinking but most commonly used in that setting , it 's something similar like a generic toast you can say whenever you drink with someone . 
  i wonder if the other countries understand the meaning of this , this translates to lithuanian very well though , i bet it 's the same for polish, 
  oh this is quite true . 
  international words are okay , but with english language being so wide-spread tend to change our native words that we already have for our language just because everyone else is using them . 
  i absolutely do n't think that it 's your society does n't teach other languages better . 
  we must choose from 3 compulsory languages that we have to learn from 5th grade and 95 % of us do n't learn anything even close to even have a basic fluent conversation with anyone who speaks that language . 
  and i think a big part of that is lack of motivation . 
  english on the other hand is so commonly used and needed for any type of entertainment or to basically do anything that does n't involve our small country . 
  artimieji rytai or close east in english, 
  i personally feel like my language has adapted a lot of words from other languages , especially english . 
  to me it seems that only european countries get affected by this , because you hardly hear a familiar word while listening to asian speakers . 
  do you think that this downgrades the quality of the language ? 
  like the ones from second-hand clothes shops ( which are normal and clean but not new ) or inherited from your older siblings . 
  for example , we use the word ` kietas ' in lithuanian which simply translates to hard as in terms of material hardness . 
  in lithuania i see middle school kids everyday with them but they are quite tame about it , they just spin and do n't even talk about them to anyone . 
  no stores sell them here except online stores and specialised gift/miscellaneous stores for similar things, 
  in lithuania facebook is the most prevalent social network amongst everyone . 
  not having a facebook account is considered very uncommon . 
  of course snapchat is the second most popular network between teens , only a handful of teens use twitter , almost no adults use it . 
  i 've heard and seen that us is n't that crazy about facebook and most of teenagers and young adults have moved on to twitter for daily social interactions . 
  how is it in your country ? 
  when talking about being fluent i mean being good enough to express your thoughts without any problems and understanding basically everything that is being said in every day conversations . 
  i personally started learning english through watching cartoons on nickelodeon and cartoon network when i was around the age of going to kindergarten . 
  after that i started watching youtube and reading anything and everything that was interesting online . 
  i almost did n't learn anything uselful in english classes until way later on into highschool .
