  i was all hyping myself up for le pen vs melenchon . 
  regardless of who is the better president , the election night would be glorious . 
  i know , this result is probably for the best . 
  but as a political junkie , it is boring as hell . 
  i ca n't help but read `` my little pony '' each time someone shortens le pen to mlp . 
  are you implying macron is a lefty ? 
  i ca n't recall the polls being radically off in a major election . 
  brexit and trump were both in the margins of error . 
  2022 it is . 
  something huge has to happen for macron to lose to her in the second round . 
  i share your fears though . 
  he wo n't bring an ounce of change , it 's literally voting for the status quo . 
  unless something will change , i am afraid it 's a matter of time before these populists start actually winning . 
  they just started counting , so i 'd expect them coming in slowly over the next few hours . 
  about 3 percent according to the dutch news . 
  so it 's not a gaurantee , but i 'd count on le pen vs macron in the next round . 
  it 's a meh scenario , pretty much exactly what the polls expected . 
  not really exciting , but i would n't call it troubling . 
  it 's basically a gauranteed macron victory , he 's ~ 30 % points ahead of her in the polls for the second round . 
  macron is the perfect candidate for continuing the status quo and a terrible candidate for the likes of le pen . 
  i 'll leave it up to you if that 's a good thing . 
  yeah , hence my final paragraph . 
  even on economic issues he 's closest to both vvd and cda . 
  but that 's not what his campaign platform says , or what his voters think . 
  this website has these statistics in a simple overview : http://watstemtwilders.nl/ . 
  the site is launched by the sp , but the sources for the data itself is neutral . 
  so many mixed signals . 
  the other source in this thread had him on the second place alongside le pen . 
  in some big cities you can vote until 20.00 . 
  that 's why it takes until then before they 're allowed to publish exit polls . 
  that does n't make any sense . 
  do you think the eu is a left-wing institution ? 
  since when is open borders and free trade a left-wing policy ? 
  that 's liberalism , not leftism . 
  secondly , who ever told you that the left is tolerant ? 
  a big part of the left is not exactly secretive about being intolerant towards intolerance . 
  anti free trade is not a right wing issue . 
  traditionally the socialists are anti free trade as well . 
  ( see bernie sanders and melenchon ), 
  le pen is not that right wing on economic policies . 
  as far as i know , she 's quite close to geert wilders in this regard . 
  who is almost left-wing on his economical agenda . 
  ( but super right-wing on cultural policy ) at least when it comes to their campaign platform . 
  voting behaviour is different . 
  but the average voter does not care/know about actual voting behaviour . 
  oh absolutely , i 'd be laughing my ass off . 
  but i would be surprised . 
  so you 're saying le pen wo n't make it to the second round ? 
  because literally nobody with even a hint of common sense will be surprised is she 'll make it to the second round . 
  pretty much all polls had her relatively comfortable second in the first round . 
  that would be hilarious . 
  i 'm not holding my breath though . 
  i agree with you , if people keep voting for corporatists , it 's a matter of time before melenchon wins the election . 
  that 's right , wikipedia has a nice aggregate graph on their page that is constantly updates . 
  it really shows the trends well : [ link . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/opinion_polling_for_the_french_presidential_election,_2017 ) or if you 're feeling lazy , here 's a direct link to the graph itself : [ link . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/53/opinion_polling_for_the_french_presidential_election%2c_2017.png ), 
  are you serious ? 
  i 'll drink my own piss and live-stream it for reddit to see if le pen gets 50 % in the first round . 
  it 's not an impossibility that she 'll win the election ( although very unlikely given she 's like 20 % behind on macron in the second round ) , but it 's mental to think she , or any candidate for that matter , gets 50 % in the first round . 
  if you seriously believe that , it shows you do n't understand anything at all about the french elections . 
  and that 's coming from an outsider myself . 
  and i agree with you that that mentality is ridiculous . 
  i also think a large portion of the people are blind to the ( valid ) concerns people have with the eu . 
  however , i do n't think this was the case here . 
  the argument here was that being pessimistic about the future of the eu should not be confused with the desire of leaving the eu . 
  as pessimism * also * includes the people who want to expand the eu but are pessimistic about the chances of a more integrated europe . 
  nobody here argued that these high percentages mean that there a lot of federalists in france or greece . 
  the argument was that 52 % of france being pessimistic about the eu does not mean that 52 % of french people want to leave the eu . 
  that 's an entirely different question . 
  you 're mocking the position that part of the people who are pessimistic about the future of the eu are pro-europe as well . 
  if the federalists ( or anyone who is not opposed to the eu ) did not ` vote ' pessimistic , it means that they are optimistic ( or at least not pessimistic ) about the future of the eu . 
  it 's really not a big leap . 
  you seriously do n't know why the greek are pessimistic ? 
  their economy is in shambles , they 're doing worse [ than the us doing the depression ] ( https://pbs.twimg.com/media/c4f4wqvwqaqmxzy.jpg ) . 
  a quarter of the people are still unemployed , and despite all the promises there 's no end in sight at all in their misery . 
  i 'd be pretty pessimistic as well actually . 
  because austerity measures from the eu screwed the country pretty hard ? 
  the current economic policy is dictated by the troika ( eurogroup , imf , ecb ) , and it 's a disaster . 
  see [ this ] ( https://pbs.twimg.com/media/c4f4wqvwqaqmxzy.jpg ) chart , it 's doing worse than the us during the great recession . 
  the fiscal austerity forced upon greece is a catastrophe . 
  yes greece brought itself into trouble , but the measures taken by the eu have only made matters much worse . 
  i 'm not the only one who says this by the way . 
  blanchard , chief economist of the imf , already wrote in 2010 that this kind of austerity operation has never been successful in human history . 
  there 's a reason imf wo n't back new bailouts unless there 's a haircut of the greek debt . 
  there 's not a serious economist today who thinks the debt is sustainable . 
  so you 're arguing that people who are in favour of the eu are optimistic about the future of the eu ? 
  because that does n't make a lot of sense . 
  i think both the die hard federalists and the leave-camp are generally pretty pessimistic about the future of the eu . 
  besides , not everybody who does n't want to leave the eu is automatically a federalist . 
  i am no federalist at all , but i am absolutely in the ` remain ' camp . 
  personally i 'd put down ` pessimistic ' if they asked me in a poll . 
  from the four front-runners , macron and fillon are both considered to be very ` normal ' candidates ( as in not crazy ) . 
  i 'm not french myself , so i think melenchon is a bit more difficult to judge here . 
  as an outsider with little knowledge about these candidates ( so caution here , it may be somewhat inaccurate ) , a broad oversimplification to the us podium would be : ** le pen - donald trump . 
  ** anti immigrant , anti-establishement , anti-globalist etcetera . 
  i believe she 's economically not that right-wing , in that sense she 's pretty similar to geert wilders ( the dutch trump ) . 
  hence her popularity by a lot of the poorer classes . 
  ** macron : hillary clinton . 
  ** big difference is that macron does not have any political experience at all , so the comparison does not work completely .
