  but i was kinda pissed off that we lost to a novelty . 
  ( conchita wurst ) same with last year . 
  i thought ukrain 's song was really mediocre , but it got lots of votes from the east because their song was anti-russian . 
  it kinda annoys me that they won because of a political statement . 
  my point is that i do n't care if songs are unique to get votes . 
  but i do kinda get annoyed when people abuse emotional gimmicks and such in order to win the contest . 
  which is absolutely not the case in portugal in my case . 
  i 'm pretty sure that 's the only correct way to watch eurovision , it 's not an easy watch whilst sober :p also , we 're headed towards elimination in the wc by the way . 
  we 're fourth in our group after five games . 
  so your statement is probably correct nonetheless . 
  having a mistress is not exactly a virtue here in the netherlands ( to the contrary ) . 
  but i ca n't really imagine a whole impeachement procedure if mark rutte got head in office . 
  in fact , i 'm pretty certain that the main point of discussion would pretty much be whether his partner was female or not :'), 
  we 're not out yet . 
  i was watching the ajax-lyon game so i missed it , how did the netherlands do ? 
  every year when i watch eurovision i start doubting my sympathies for more european integration . 
  i kid , i love myself some cheese every now and then . 
  greece is ungrateful ? 
  what the hell are you talking about ? 
  you 're rewriting history here . 
  greece never got free money , it was a bailout mission to save our own banks . 
  91 % of the first bailout went to german and french banks . 
  for the second bailout , even 100 % went to the eu banks . 
  the third bailout the same was expected . 
  the troika was a unilateral disaster . 
  not a serious economist today actually thinks it was a successful mission . 
  their economy is in shambles ( they lost a quarter of their economy ) , a third of their people are unemploye with youth even above half and there 's no end in sight . 
  multiple economist warned how this harsh austerity is a fairytale . 
  even the head economist of the imf warned that this kind of austerity operation has never worked in our history and probably wo n't work again even if everyone holds their word . 
  that was back in 2010 . 
  they ( troika ) persisted and expectedly it blew up in their face . 
  i would n't be thankful either . 
  it 's a disgrace what the troika did to the greek country . 
  and it 's a disgrace that we on the other isle ( the solvent nations ) bought into this shit . 
   say goodbye to your tourism industry france . 
  lol . 
  implying leaving the eu would be terrific for your tourism industry . 
  that 's a copypasta , he was just meming . 
  he probably got banned for that comment . 
  on another note , you know the equation from einstein for energy is e = mc ^ 2 , right ? 
  well that 's wrong . 
  that 's only considering the particle is moving . 
  the full expression is : e ^ 2 = m ^ 2 c ^ 4 + ( pc ) ^ 2 . 
  ( yes , really ) here p is the momentum , and c the speed of light . 
  in the known formula , the velocity is zero so the momentum is zero so the pc term reduces to zero as well . 
  ( momentum is mass times velocity ) now here 's the thing , we know how much the trumpets hate pc , right ? 
  they keep complaining about us being too pc , and them having no pc at all since it 's for cucks or something . 
  so obviously for t_d and such pc = 0 . 
  now plug this into the equation for energy , it becomes painfully obvious : ** physics proves it , t_d is literally low energy !, 
  why the hell is everything about immigration for you guys ? 
  you know there 's more to politics than immigration right ? 
  ah , and there 's my ban from / r/le _ pen . 
  behind on schedule of course . 
  just like france was never going to le pen . 
  clinton-trump in california was n't that far off from macron - le pen in france . 
  i did my complaining two weeks ago . 
  my favourites lost that 's too bad . 
  but right now it was a choice between the status quo and dog whistle fascism . 
  do n't mind me having a favourite between these . 
  i 'm celebrating le pen 's loss , not macron 's victory . 
  as much as i 'm worried about the lack of fundamental changes under macron , i was far more worried having another trump elected in one of the most influential countries of the eu . 
  sure , if that is what helps you sleep at night . 
  `` this is a victory for le pen '' actual quote . 
   the failed version of hollande so you 're saying he 'll be successful ? 
  yes these are exit polls , so basically a projection . 
  however the exit polls are never * this * far off . 
  it 's over for le pen . 
  for reference , clinton was ahead of the polls by 3 % or so , they were off by ~ 2 % or so . 
  ( not sure about exit polls ) . 
  macron is about 30 % points ahead of le pen . 
  it 's not going to happen . 
  if everything is completely true as you say it , you know weird affairs are basically a prerequisite to be president of france , right ? 
  with the trumpcare bill coming up , i hope you 're not an american :(, 
  you 're not getting downvoted because of your political views . 
  you 're getting downvoted because you 're getting downvoted for equating everybody who disagrees with you to an evil globalist . 
  that and your general smugness . 
  simple , it 's fair if there have n't been any official results announced yet . 
  which is the case . 
  have n't you heard ? 
  le pen is anti-terrorism . 
  which automatically means that her opponent is pro-terrorism of course . 
  i really should get into political betting . 
  i 'm pretty confident i could make quite some dough there . 
  a lot of the people buying in these bets seem to have a profound disability of reading polls . 
  if you know how to read polls , none of the elections of last two years should have been a real shock . 
  i remember at one point the markets at predictit had hillary at 40 % change of losing the nomination ( no way ) . 
  same markets had geert wilders as by far the favourite to win the dutch election at election day ( any dutch person could tell you , it was going to be vvd . 
  they had pvv at 70 % chance at election day , was not going to happen ) . 
  trump was just a regular [ polling error away ] ( https://fivethirtyeight.com/features/trump-is-just-a-normal-polling-error-behind-clinton/ ) from victory . 
  macron is almost thirty percentage point in the lead . 
  apples and oranges . 
  i see stupid opinions free from any arguments , i downvote . 
  yeah , i just read [ this column ] ( https://www.project-syndicate.org/commentary/bill-gates-tax-on-robots-by-yanis-varoufakis-2017-02 ) from yanis varoufakis and he too does n't like the idea , and instead proposes to tax capital instead . 
  he then proposes this money should be used for a universal basic income . 
  of which i 'm still convinced , will be inevitable in the future as automation takes over . 
  with capitalism we 've created a system where basically everybody has to work . 
  which works relatively fine , as long as there 's work for everybody . 
  as soon as there 's nearly not enough work for everybody , we will have huge social problems . 
  in that scenario ( we 're not there yet by a long shot , but in the future ) i see this to be the only option for capitalism to remain sustainable on this level . 
  i just looked online to see if there 's any reputable economist backing the claim .
