  you need 50 % of the seats to form a cabinet , so you need the form a coalition with other parties . 
  the parties remotely close to the pvv were not large enough to even get remotely close to that 50 % . 
  and then i 've ignored the fact that most parties literally promised not to govern with the pvv . 
  ( with recent political history in the netherlands , that 's probably true . 
  it 'd be outright suicide for the parties that are options . 
  cda almost imploded last time they tried this in 2010 ) anyway , yeah i absolutely blame our government political opportunism . 
  ( i was in a minority in my country that was n't happy with the line of our government though ) . 
  this only helped erdogan . 
  if he just led the guy speak we would have forgotten about it in a week or so . 
  now erdogan was able to use this as a major propagandapiece . 
  the majority of yes is small enough that this could have handed erdogan the victory . 
  i think the day we could n't count on turkey anymore was when erdogan literally called us a bunch of facists . 
  ( the turning point was probably way before that even ), 
  but it 's the left in turkey that was opposed to this referendum ? 
  or do you mean that you hope the far right to win , so the yes-voters will get kicked out of the country ? 
  there 's a couple of problems with that line of thinking . 
  first of all , in a lot of countries the turks voted no in overwhelming numbers . 
  ( sweden , the uk , spain , finland , italy , just to name a few ) . 
  you want those ` unneeded parasites ' ` flourished ' as well ? 
  that means kicking people out of the country solely based on their ethnicity . 
  should i even start why that 's a dangerous precedent that we should absolutely avoid ? 
  ( i assume the answer is no . 
  else we 've got a bigger problem here ) the second problem is that most of these people have a eu passport . 
  if somebody is born in the netherlands you ca n't just legally kick them out of the country . 
  the thing is that if your parents are turkish you automatically get a turkish passport ( i agree we ( eu ) should force this to stop ) , hence the double nationality for a lot of turks . 
  legally , the no-voters in my country ( the netherlands ) are just as dutch as i am . 
  even the far right ca n't stop that . 
  and even if you somehow got rid of all turks in the eu , the referendum results would be the same . 
  mainland turkey voted for ` yes ' . 
  it would solve nothing . 
  to be honest , i expected 60-40 at least in the favour of ` yes ' . 
  so i 'm not even dissapointed here . 
  i 'm sad , but dissapointment would imply that the results are worse than i expected . 
  this is a far cry from attaturk . 
  i wonder what the international playing field looks like in fifty years . 
  not only turkey , but also america and the eu . 
  i do n't want to sound overly cynical , but i do n't think my children will grow up in a better world than i did . 
  i do n't even think i can say that about my own generation ( 23 y.o. 
  if i recall correctly , about 80 % of the remaining votes should be ` no ' . 
  so changes are very slim . 
  it 's looking like it 'll be 51-49 in favour of ` yes ' . 
  i 'm just going to [ leave this here . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=myccsy1lzg0 ) ( german ) while i 'm at it , their previous video [ is even better . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r2e2yhjc_mc ) ( has english subs available ), 
  yes , two thirds of them voted no . 
  see this page and click ` oveseas ' : http://aa.com.tr/en it 's mainly turks in western-europe that voted yes . 
  the south and the north basically all voted no . 
  same problem with brexit . 
  a one-person majority can decide fundamental changes about the country , it 's small enough that the weather can be decisive for the future of the country . 
  ( weather effects results slightly , as it effects turnout ) refferenda like these should require a supermajority of 66 % imho . 
  does that suggest that integration in america , the uk , sweden , spain etc. . ( where they voted no ) is more succesful than in countries such as the netherlands , germany and france ( where they voted yes ) ? 
  it 's just a random conjecture . 
  but changes are if you do a poll in these countries asking ` do you feel like you 're a part of the country you live in ? ', 
  that the results will corellate with the refferendum results . 
  this article is from the same year as your video , 2005 . 
  i 'm not sure why it 's on the frontpage of this sub either . 
  hmm , did not know that , good call . 
  i was mainly talking about the eu here , but what you 're saying can be good to keep in mind . 
  yeah again , i do n't see it happening anytime soon either . 
  hence the fact i said they 're pretty much identical for other eu-countries . 
  yeah , but i mean the other way around . 
  i 've seen politicians like geert wilders pleading for stopping the free movement of labour through the netherlands for countries like poland and romania . 
  in the unlikely event that the eu collapses , it 'll probably form newer , smaller unions . 
  chances are that the former-east will not be in the same group as the west . 
  again , i do n't expect it to happen though . 
  you separated from the glorious kingdom of the netherlands . 
  not really , anyone with a eu passport has the same eu-privileges . 
  if you have to choose between poland and germany , i 'd go for the german passport but then again it does n't matter too much . 
  perhaps * if * the anti-euro movement gets it 's way , the shengen agreement will be cancelled , and poland might not be a part of a new version of shengen . 
  but i would not bet on that happening . 
  unless you plan to live in one of those countries ( poland or germany ) they 're pretty much identical . 
  perhaps some people will be slightly racist towards polish passports , some people are skeptic about eastern workers in western-europe . 
  generally germans are kinda trusted by everyone . 
  but that does depend on your line of work , in general ( rule-wise ) a polish passport would be the exact same in eu-countries . 
  but if you really have to pick , i 'd go for the german one . 
  we 've got literally one private university in the netherlands , nyenrode business university . 
  while it does offer some well-known alumni ( but so has pretty much every university ) , i think it 's one of the least well-known universities in the netherlands . 
  very few people really consider joining it , and as far as i know it 's been regarded as something for posh people . 
  it 's mainly really expensive and public universities offer excellent quality as well . 
  their tuition can get over 10.000 euro per year ( as opposed to 2000 for literally every other university ) and they only offer master studies within business . 
  nothing from the stem field for example . 
  i 'll put it this way , even our king went to public university ( leiden ) . 
  no one of the royal family went to nyenrode . 
  ( same for anyone in government for that matter ) in general there 's no such thing as ` exclusive universities ' in the netherlands . 
  you can just sign up for the same university as the king attended and generally you always get accepted ( you need to have the right courses in high school though , also some studies have a limited amount of students so they have selections ) . 
  however , the king 's brother went to delft for example ; there 's not one single university that is absolutely the best or most prestigious . 
  tuition is literally the same everywhere , and all universities are public . 
  nyenrode is the one exception . 
  sweden has that as well . 
  i just was doing duolingo exercises this morning that covered this . 
  it 's pretty neat actually . 
  the principle is pretty simple , basically grandfather from father 's side = fatherfather . 
  apply that same logic to other non-direct relatives . 
  mor - mother , far - father . 
  aunt from your fathers side : faster . 
  aunt from your mothers side : morster , uncle from father 's side : farbror , uncle from mother 's side : morbror . 
  same with grandparents . 
  farfar = grandfather from father 's side , morfar = grandfather from father 's side , farmor = grandmother from mother 's side , mormor = grandmother from mother 's side . 
  i thought it was pretty amazing . 
  wow , that 's actually an existing thing .
