  as a leftist i can get behind your response here . 
  it really gets on my nerves when people talk about needing ` force ' . 
  more war will only worsen the situation , it 'll solve jack shit . 
  we need real solutions , and i 'm not principally against though measures as you describe . 
  in fact , i think a lot of them are even necessary . 
  but just calling for blood may be satisfying but wo n't help anyone in the long run . 
  so what ` force ' specifically are you suggesting ? 
  force ? 
  against whom ? 
  are we just going to ` bomb the shit out of the middle east ' and suddenly they 'll stop ? 
  invoking terror on infants that have n't witnessed this horror yet ? 
  yeah , that 'll certainly solve the deeply rooted hate against the west . 
  are we going to close down the mosques ? 
  because banning an entire religion definitely wo n't fuel radicals and their war against the west . 
  you 'll literally be writing their propaganda for them . 
  it 's very easy to talk tough about ` responding with force ' . 
  but actual solutions are more difficult . 
  i 'm not saying we should do nothing , but more violence is not the solution to violence . 
  people forget how easy it is to commit a terrorist attack . 
  as a student at a technical university , i have access to all sorts of chemicals . 
  sure , i 'm not legally allowed to get to most of them , but it 's really not that difficult to slip in . 
  most people would assume i was working on some project if i were snooping around in a lab i do n't belong . 
  especially if you do n't look suspicious , it 's really easy to bring some explosives into an area with a lot of people . 
  it 's impossible for security to extensively check everybody around . 
  intelligence agencies are actually really fucking impressive . 
  even if we just have 1000 radical islamists in the eu ( that is 0.0023 % of the 44 million muslims , i 'm certain it 's more than that ) , that 's enough to evoke chaos and fair throughout the continent if you do it right . 
  my hat off to the intelligence agencies . 
  their work is highly underestimated . 
  i do n't think they never had an inch of morality in the first place . 
  this scum has never been above the murder of kids and teens . 
  ah thanks , that is correct i was thinking of the verb . 
  i did n't know it as a noun for choir . 
  another part would be that people associate nazism with the far right . 
  and they associate the far right with islamophobia . 
  both of the above statements are valid associations in my mind . 
  so it 's pretty natural then to connect nazism to islamophobia as well . 
  even without any misconceptions it 's a logical connection to make if you do n't know anything about their view towards islam . 
  while obviously there 's quite some misinformation about nazism . 
  when persuading and largely succeeding in such a large-scale genocide , i 'd say the mythical evil status is not undeserved . 
  i think genocide is probably on the absolute top-tier when it comes to evil . 
  besides , i do n't think their justification of their fondness of islam gives them any good-guy points . 
  yes there 's been other evils just as great as hitler . 
  ( stalin for example , or a little closer today , isis ) . 
  but that does n't degrade the evilness of the nazis in my view . 
  yeah , i actually got to that wiki because i thought you were full of shit . 
  obviously i was proven wrong here . 
  not that i thought the nazis were islamophobic , but i thought they did n't really think much of them . 
  just like we do n't really think that much about random subcultures in china right now . 
  islam was not really that big of an issue back then i believe ( at least in europe itself . 
  obviously the arab world ( especially the ottomans ) were their own political power on the world stage ) . 
  so at best i thought they saw them as part of another random inferior culture . 
  which is still somewhat true , as the wiki points out , they were still considered racially inferior . 
  that the nazis actually were somewhat fond of islam is actually surprising to me . 
  if anything , i 'd expect them to despise anything that 's so different from european/christian culture . 
  on the other hand , the arab world does share a heck of a lot similarities to nazism ( as you point out ) . 
  so it 's not really inconsistent . 
  according to the dutch public news agency , they have a very good change of getting in the government coalition . 
  they even call it likely . 
   the changes are very good that fp\u00d6 under the leadership of heinz-christian-strache will be part of the next government after the election , or even deliver the chancellor as the largest party . 
  both the sp\u00d6 as the \u00d6vp see fp\u00d6 as a possible coalition partner . 
  the greens and the liberal will probably be too small to help them towards a majority . 
  i 'm pretty sure that guy is a troll . 
  it 's pretty interesting what you 're saying here by the way . 
  there 's a [ wiki page ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/relations_between_nazi_germany_and_the_arab_world#hitler.27s_views_on_the_arab_world ) about it . 
  ( spoiler , you are correct ) . 
  according to the wiki page , another big reason for their sympathies towards the arab world is because they found a common enemy in the jews by the way . 
  i never knew the nazi party was fond of the islam . 
  pretty interesting factoid !, 
  i like how the third song is in the sami langauge ( i assume ? ), 
  and in swedish . 
  just from a cultural perspective this gets bonus points from me . 
  maybe i 'm a bit biased here as i 've been trying to learn myself swedish , so i like trying to figure out the lyrics to swedish songs . 
  i just ca n't really place her accent . 
  i 'm pretty sure k\u00f6r usually is not pronounced with a hard ` k ' like that . 
  is she from the north ? 
  i 'm pretty sure i saw ` norwegian ' misspelled at one point during the broadcast 0/10 . 
  easy mate , i was just making a joke , no need to be angry < 3 in fact , i agree with your statement . 
  for all large part it 's just neighbours voting for each other and cheap gimmicks . 
  even the jury votes largely went to neighbours . 
  i do think portugal this year is an exception to this . 
  but the overall point still stands . 
  ** edit ** : fun fact , when we sent de toppers to eurovision , we got 10 points or so from albania . 
  one of the more homophobic countries in europe . 
  the performance was awful and we ended last place in the semi-finals iirc . 
  so why did albania vote for the netherlands ? 
  well , jaap de hoop scheffer was head of the nato back then , and albania just got accepted into the nato . 
  yeah , all of portugals neighbours voting for them won them the contest !, 
  spain with their first points !, 
  i blame portugal . 
  nah , that 's actually his own dog . 
  it 's a shitzu apparently . 
  are n't you ? 
  you 'd think jury voting would be less political than the ` popular vote ' . 
  guess that 's not the case . 
  because people just vote for neighboring countries . 
  at least the jury only objectively looks at the song itself , geography does not play a real role with the juries . 
  i think it would be fair game in this case . 
  the song was unique , but it does not try and use random gimmicks or novelties . 
  i remember when the netherlands surprisingly got second place a few years ago . 
  i did n't care that we lost , i would have been happy with a top-10 position .
