  i could not find any at all . 
  i tried to look quite broadly in the economical spectrum , including the ones that do not align with the mainstream view . 
  yanis varoufakis talked about it in a column , and he too says there 's quite a lot of problems with it even logistically . 
  here 's a passage :  but a lump-sum tax on robots would merely lead robot producers to bundle artificial intelligence within other machinery . 
  nexus will increasingly be incorporated within the harvester , making it impossible to tax the robotic element separately from the dumb parts that do the harvesting . 
   either the robot sales tax should be dropped or it should be generalized into a capital goods sales tax . 
  but imagine the uproar against a tax on all capital goods : woe betide those who would diminish domestic productivity and competitiveness !, 
  [ - link . 
  ] ( https://www.project-syndicate.org/commentary/bill-gates-tax-on-robots-by-yanis-varoufakis-2017-02 ) note he uses nexus as name for the robot we 're taxing . 
  the alternative according to him is a universal basic income which he proposes should be finished from returns on all capital . 
  anyway , it seems you 're right . 
  there are very few reputable people in the field of economics that support a robot tax . 
  i expected a bit more support for it , but indeed it seems economically literate people are generally quite opposed to the idea . 
  allright , that 's okay then , at least you 're consistent and i value that . 
  i was not out to drive you into some corner , i was genuinely a bit curious how your view is when free speech ` backfires ' . 
  too often i see people saying free speech is absolutely holy and should never be compromised , but at the same time we should limit it when radicalists ` abuse ' it . 
  those are not compatible views . 
  i think she 's trying to sway fillon voters . 
  as an amateur looking from the outside , melenchon refused to endorse macron . 
  so she 's hoping his supporters will stay at home . 
  some may vote for her , but the majority will back macron . 
  so she benefits most if melenchon 's support stays at home in large numbers . 
  him refusing to endorse macron may help that a bit . 
  she lost to macron 24-21 , which translates to 53-47 if all other voters stay at home . 
  fillon got 20 % of the vote . 
  if the majority of these voters go to le pen while the voters for the losing candidates on the left stay at home , she may have a fighting change . 
  that 's the theory . 
  i do n't think it 'll work . 
  first of all fillon endorsed macron ( as did hamon from hollande 's party ps , but his support is less significant ) . 
  secondly it 's unlikely the overwhelming majority of melenchon voters stay at home . 
  that kind of effects are already taken into account in the polls , and she 's losing by 20 percentage points in there . 
  the only thing that helps is if she sways voters from macron to her . 
  being softer on europe could help in theory but not nearly enough to overcome such a deficit . 
  especially since part of her support absolutely wo n't be happy . 
  her bet is that they 'll support her anyway as macron is ultra pro europe . 
  but chances are a lot will just stay at home . 
  also i assume nobody believes this shit , it 's simply not credible two weeks before the election . 
  so that may even hurt her some more . 
  suddenly switching key positions a week before election never ends well . 
  i see where she 's coming from . 
  but i second your statement : the fuck are you doing now , le pen . 
  just quick on melenchon refusal to endorse macron . 
  i think he does support macron over le pen ( lesser of two evils ) , but he still absolutely despises macron . 
  melenchon ran on an anti-banking message , and macron is literally an ex-banker . 
  i think he assumes macron will win anyway and not endorsing him puts him in a favourable position for next election . 
  if melenchon 's general view is right , the dissatisfaction will only get worse under macron as he wo n't bring meaningful changes . 
  this would give a real possibility for the populist movement ( melenchon or le pen ) in 2022 . 
  not having endorsed him in 2022 will put him in a favourable position in that election . 
  it 's the same dillema sanders had . 
  endorsing a candidate he kinda despises ( i do n't think he 's a fan of hers at all ) and losing some credibility , or putting your ego aside for the greater good and preventing a disaster ( which he 'd be blamed for he did n't endorse ) . 
  not endorsing hillary would basically have gauranteed a trump victory . 
  given the odds are worse for le pen , i see melenchon 's logic in his decision not to endorse . 
  i would n't call raising education costs for immigrants very sensible for example . 
  a child could tell you that it 'd only further integration problems . 
  what ? 
  bernie would be distinctly left from the mainstream left-wing even . 
  under mainstream left-wing i mean parties such as labour uk , sdp germany , pvda netherlands , ps france , ps belgium etc. . . 
  okay next question . 
  do you think certain imams should be able to preach their vile hate towards the west in mosques here in europe ? 
  then free speech has shades of grey , or you 're opposed to free speech . 
  yes ? 
  then i respectically disagree and am therefore apparently an enemy of free speech . 
  i think the idea that europeans are better of than their american counterparts is not about the total income . 
  everybody in europe knows that 's higher in the us . 
  difference is that i do n't have to spend nearly as much of my income on healthcare for example . 
  insurance costs me nett ~ $ 30 per month , gp is free and any real costs max out to $ 385 on total deductibles . 
  so that 's really no burden on my income . 
  in the us that really plays a role that is not taken into account looking at these raw numbers . 
  same with education for that matter . 
  total disposable income is lower , but so are my costs . 
  i do n't think it 's accurate to say that the american lower class is financially beter off than the european middle class . 
  sure it may be true when you look at total disposable income . 
  but the lower classes in europe have a lot of their expenses subsided by the state . 
  in many cases sports are free for certain incomes even . 
  i have no doubt that i 'd be financially better off with my stem degree in the us . 
  ( differences there are really large ) . 
  but i think it 's a mistake to say that he lower class in the us have it better than the ones in europe . 
  that 's only true in terms of total disposable income . 
  that 's why i always talk about north-western europe when i talk about that corner ( netherlands , belgium , germany , luxembourg ) . 
  to avoid confusion . 
  yeah , we 've got the same problem with the pvv , our second largest party since last april . 
  they 're the only party in parliament that do n't believe in climate change . 
  i remember a pvv mp actually arguing that coal is not harmful for you . 
  he had an uncle living next to a highway and he 's 80 years old and very healthy . 
  so obviously the health concerns are exaggerated . 
  ( i 'm not making it worse than it is , it 's literally his argument i could show the video ) . 
  they even attacked the knmi ( the national weather agency so to speak ) a while ago for pushing a political agenda when they dared to talk about global warming . 
  many parties still believe we have to ` combat climate change ' by leaving it to the markets . 
  then progress will resolve it all . 
  pretty much everyone agrees that climate change is a real thread . 
  but plenty of parties refuse to take the consequences . 
  the vvd ( largest party in the netherlands ) even removed references to climate from their party platform . 
  ( with exception of references to cases such as ` business climate ' ), 
  you were saying ? 
  yeah so do i. 
  in my country , i 'm absolutely no fan of our pm and his party ( mark rutte and the vvd ) , but i am very happy that he won over geert wilders . 
  ( our version of donald trump ), 
  it 's the most boring outcome of all . 
  looks like it 'll be a comfortable win for macron . 
  and even that win itself is boring as it 's basically a continuation of the status quo .
