  i see the feeling , but these huge exaggeration wo n't get us anywhere . 
  these events happen once every 30 years or so , so it 's not something people grow up with . 
  apart from that , there 's hardly any praying or religious influence in these events ( only seen william alexander ) . 
  so the comparison is not completely fair . 
  i 'm guessing you mean the 5 % part . 
  ( ~ 95 % is in asia ~ 5 % in europe ) but yes , that is correct . 
  just saying that the original commenter could easily live in europe strictly speaking . 
  huge generalisation here , but generally in the netherlands they complain about the people from the middle-east being too lazy to work , and the people from eastern europe stealing our jobs . 
  i read on nos ( public news in the netherlands ) that this decision from hollande is very unusual for a sitting president . 
  it read like it was n't expected . 
  was anybody really surprised by this ? 
  as an outsider , i would have been surprised if he actually went for re-election . 
  ps 's changes seem doomed anyway , but with hollande it seems simply impossible . 
  however i 've just been watching from the sidelines , so of course i 'm not that informed on french politics and i probably miss most of the nuances . 
  but was this any shock to the people in france ? 
  except for the part that is n't . 
  lol , and i 'm the one with a twisted view of the world ? 
  :') sure , they 're all coming here to destroy us all . 
  lol mate , you 're telling me i 'm wrong on this one ? 
  because an actual argument would be more convincing . 
  i 'm not saying we should accept them all , we were talking whether they have good intentions or not . 
  the intentions of the people who come here and lie about their origin is still to find a better life for them and their family . 
  not to harm or hurt other people . 
  that is in essence , a good intention . 
  before you start accusing me of all sorts of things . 
  i think this should be disqualifying , anyone who lies about their origin should get a single trip back to their country . 
  not because i hate them or do n't want them here , but it destroys the system , and is absolutely unfair for the people who do request asylum in via the legal routes . 
  anyway , the argument here , was that these people have bad intentions or otherwise we would n't call them refugees in the first place . 
  then someone countered by the argument ( which i agree with ) that their intentions themselves are not necessarily bad . 
  they just want a better future for themselves and their families . 
  to be perfectly clear , while their intentions are good but the means are bad . 
  we simply ca n't sustain an infinite stream , so we should n't allow it . 
  we can not help all , it 's as simple as that . 
  anyway , / u/rsdocto came with the hypothetical that if someone robs a bank to use the money for good , if he still has good intentions ? 
  personally , i think so . 
  remember , when we 're talking about intentions , we 're talking from a personal viewpoint . 
  your intentions is what you want to achieve with your actions , not what it will lead to . 
  if i rob a bank to build schools in africa , my intentions are good . 
  i want to help poor people , and better the world . 
  of course it is incredibly naive at best . 
  robbing the bank to build schools will only hurt people ( the cashieres at the bank for example ) , and the few million i have will probably be depleted before the first school is even finished . 
  so the results will be absolutely garbage of course . 
  but the intention would be good . 
  you can be a criminal , yet be good intentioned . 
  the bank-robber in this scenario does not want to hurt anyone . 
  in fact , he only wants to help people . 
  ( the money he steals , in his mind , just comes from the ultra wealthy : the bank ) this is a philosophical discussion by the way . 
  has absolutely nothing to do with politics or socialism in my opinion . 
  if i rob a bank so i can build schools in africa , i 'd have good intentions yes . 
  the deed is despicable , but the intentions are separate from the deed in my view . 
  ( it 'd be naive at best , but the intentions themselves , to help the poorest in the world , would be good ) so yes , i think they do n't * necessarily * have bad intentions . 
  but they are abusing a system by lying about critical information . 
  so i think it should be disqualifying for official asylum . 
  whether their intentions are inherently bad is a separate matter though . 
  yeah i do n't really get the whole ordeal here . 
  seems like people say this is a victory for the ( far ) - right . 
  i 'm a leftist and as far as i 've read up on it , i do n't think i 'd vote ` yes ' either . 
  i 'm not sure how a ` no ' to more concentration of power is seen as a shocking or inherently bad thing . 
  sure it was a mistake from renzi to tie his career to the result . 
  and that can lead to instability , especially with the populist uprising in europe . 
  but the result to this referendum do not seem inherently shocking to me . 
  but then again , i 'm not italian so i 'm definitely missing part of the story here . 
  thought you were talking about the party programme itself here . 
  it 's a pity that there 's not a lot of ` real ' social-democratic parties left in dutch politics . 
  in my view , pvdd and sp are pretty much the only ones left . 
  i have my sympathies for the former party , but i lend the sp a bit more general credibility when it comes to a broad platform beyond animal rights and environment . 
  not to be edgy , but i wo n't shred a single tear if my country would turn into a sweden . 
  they 're doing quite well actually in almost every objective regard . 
   technically she lost this election twice with steins recount efforts . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  not for me :(, 
   to be fair the sp is far to totalitarian for my taste so how is the sp totalitarian ? 
  i can totally see why people do n't support them , but totalitarian is not exactly my first association with the sp . 
  because brexit was not just about immigrants ? 
  anti european sentiments arose long before immigration became such a hot issue . 
  also keep in mind many pro-immigration leftists voted brexit as well . 
  [ here 's ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nwk0jej8wxg ) mark blyth 's take on it . 
   still smaller than the largest mountain in netherlands limburg does not count . 
  [ shut your alternative facts ] ( http://imgur.com/a/wblph ) . 
  ( via worldbank ) again , i 'm not proposing the uk should be forced to take in refugees if they do n't want to . 
  all i 'm saying is that we should stick to the facts , an opinion that seems to be very unpopular on reddit these days . 
  it seems facts do n't matter anymore these days . 
  especially with the whole debate about refugees nobody cares about the actual facts . 
  we 're taking about 10.000 , just one percent of the ` million ' number you 're naming here . 
  i 'm sorry , but that number is absolutely manageable and historically not even that large . 
  whether you should is another discussion , but do n't pretend like it 's a number that it 's impossible to overcome . 
  i know it 's popular to hate on refugees these days , but please do n't lose track of the facts in this debate . 
  the sleep of reason produces monsters . 
  western europe is dealing with so many refugees because of the turmoil in the middle east . 
  i 'm a big supporter of national souvereignity so i agree that the un can fuck off if the uk does not want to take in more refugees . 
  but i have to object here . 
  first of all :  if such demands were levied against non-european nations , you 'd be accused of both racism and genetic warfare that 's just straight bullshit and you know it . 
  in fact , we 've pressured other non-european nations as well about this kind of stuff . 
   these numbers are absolutely unrealistic . 
  doubling the amount of refugees would still place the uk significantly below the western-european average . 
  that 's absolutely doable and managable . 
  however , again if the uk says no then the un can fuck off for all i care . 
  national souvereignity and all that . 
  you 're getting downvoted , but i agree with you . 
  i 'm firmly opposed to the death penalty , but i do n't think it is less humane than life sentences .
