  he 's an ex-banker , who 's considered quite liberal , he 's in favour of the eu and free trade . 
  for a lot of people he 's considered the safe choice because the other options are so terrible in their view . 
  not a lot of people really love him though which i fully understand . 
  if you 're a working class person who is really let down by hollande not helping this group enough , i do n't think voting for the equivalent of a wall street executive is very attractive . 
  ** melenchon is absolutely to the left of sanders . 
  in that sense they 're absolutely different . 
  but in my view they sorta share the same movement . 
  which is basically the left-wing version of the trump movement . 
  melenchon wants to renegotiate several eu agreements , is in favour of universal income and wants to crack down on the financial sector . 
  a bit of a hardline leftist though ( shares some past with communist movements ) , so i am still a bit skeptical of his changes . 
  ** establishment guy from the conservative party . 
  he 's associated with corruption scandals , since then he dropped considerably in the poll . 
  very pro-market , in my view despite his scandals a bit of a boring candidate . 
  note that this is an oversimplification , and i 'm not french myself so i did not include a lot of details . 
  but i think it sorta describes the general dynamic here . 
  again , i 'm not french myself and i only know these candidates from news articles in my own country . 
  so i 'm not * that * knowledgeable with these candidates . 
  even though i filed melenchon as sanders , i think reddit in general ( or at least / r/europe ) would go for macron . 
  melenchon is kinda anti-eu and definitely to the left of this sub . 
  again , he is a bit of ` the least terrible option ' for a lot of people but i think melenchon is too anti-eu to be really popular in this place . 
  to put it into reddit terms , t_d will definitely go for le pen . 
  i think sandersforpresident will mostly go to melenchon , / r/socialism , / r/latestagecapitalism and all other leftist/socialist subreddits will definitely go to melenchon . 
  but i think the more main-stream political subreddits may go with macron given melenchon is really anti-liberal ( as in anti-market , anti-eu , he is still ` progressive ' ) which goes against the consensus . 
  i do n't think fillon will be very popular on reddit as it 's not really a breeding ground for conservatives . 
  to put in different generalizing terms . 
  i think the stock markets like fillon or macron . 
  i do n't think any of these candidates will bring fundamental change on an international level . 
  both melenchon and le pen can mean a wild ride for the future of europe . 
  le pen literally wants to leave while melenchon flirts with the idea of leaving the euro . 
   the dude does n't get enough credit in public consciousness . 
  absolutely . 
  he does gets the credit within his field however . 
  most physicists would put him as a serious contender for the most important scientist of all time . 
  shame that the average person have never heard of him though . 
   wernher von braun - inspired a catchy song i will never * not * upvote tom lehrer . 
  thanks , that 's pretty clear to me . 
  yeah , i can see where the fears come about the eu under melenchon . 
  he does n't explicitly call for an exit , but he does go as far as leaving the monetary union . 
  the four front-runners are macron , le pen , fillon and melenchon . 
  basically , macron is very liberal pro-eu and pro-market . 
  le pen is basically the french version of trump/wilders/afd / sd ( pick one ) . 
  fillon is the republican candidate , right-wing conservative . 
  melenchon comes from the socialist camp ( ` real ' socialist , not the social democrat camp ) and is very left-wing . 
  of these , only le pen has announced that she wants a referendum to exit the eu . 
  macron is very much pro eu and fillon wo n't leave either . 
  melenchon very is euro-sceptical but he does n't want to leave the eu either . 
  he does want to push for relatively large reforms , but that 's different from leaving . 
  not sure what happens if ( or when ) he does n't get his way , but a referendum ( or even leaving ) is no guarantee in that case . 
  of course he 'll never be able to achieve that to such an extend , i assume lots of his voters know this . 
  the idea is to tip the scale into a particular direction though and france has quite the leverage here . 
  at least , that 's the general case with these kind ` unrealistic proposals ' . 
  a party platform is simply your ideal goal . 
  ` this is what we 're going to do if really get my way ' . 
  a random example , the green party in my country ( the netherlands ) had a very ambitious agenda as well . 
  including a lower tax on labour , but taxation for using your car during rush hours and lots of taxes on resources for example . 
  with 17 seats in the polls everybody knew that they 're not going to achieve this . 
  the platform just a manifest of what you 'll try to do , that 's very different from a set of promises . 
  the green voters voted for them so they can nudge a cabinet in a green direction , nobody expected an exact version of their program in the next coalition . 
  anyway , my question was , did he announce that a plan b is an exit ? 
  because so far i did n't really have that impression . 
  but then again , my knowledge of melenchon is not much more than his wikipedia page and some foreign ( dutch and american ) news sources , so i could be totally off here . 
  not saying it 'd be great for tighter cooperation with europe , but melenchon does not propose a frexit . 
  i 'm much more worried about the eu surviving le pen than melenchon . 
  i think a frexit could be a fatal blow to the european project . 
  while i consider myself slightly euro-skeptical ( i 'm a fan of the eu , but it desperately needs democratizing ) , i would consider that a disaster for everyone involved . 
  and in sweden , spain , finland , italy , switzerland , poland , czech , hungary , ukraine , bulgaria , albania and i probably missed a few . 
  but yeah , it 's a majority mainly in western-europe . 
  the north , south and the east voted against the referendum . 
  yes , but if you 're from turkish descent you automatically get a turkish passport as well . 
  so in the case of turkey it 's one and the same . 
  other than you 'd have to leave the eu and ignore multiple universal agreements of the united nations , it 's logistically not doable . 
  are you all putting them on a plane with a parachute on and drop them above turkey ? 
  are you going to drop them off at the nearest border and say ` good luck ' ? 
  because unless that is your plan , yes it 's a literal impossibility . 
  the nation that ` receives ' these people must receive them somehow . 
  and while they have a turkish passport , i do n't think erdogan will accept incoming dutch planes full of turkish immigrants . 
  especially not after we just decided to prove he 's right about us being a fascist country . 
  i too do n't like the overuse of the word ` literally ' but it 's much more than ` very , very difficult ' . 
  again dismissing my opinion of the far right for a moment . 
  i do want to say that as a leftist i agree with your general goal on this issue . 
  it 's very weird that somebody has the ability to vote both in france and in turkey . 
  actually i was talking to a german neighbour a while ago . 
  when she immigrated to the netherlands she had to turn in her german passport if she wanted a dutch one , which she did . 
  so these kinda agreements do exist for incoming immigrants . 
  but particularly turkey has some ( weird ) special agreements about this stuff . 
  i think it 's madness and especially now we should push to stop this , someone should not have a vote in multiple national elections . 
  more leftist parties should pull their heads out of their arses on this issue . 
  obviously we could agree on this with the germans , why is n't this the case for turkey ? 
  the same matter that people born in the netherlands automatically get a turkish passport if any of their parents is turkish , i 'm guessing it 's the same in france . 
  those kinda stunts should not be allowed in the eu if you ask me . 
  i 'm radically opposed to most solutions of the far right . 
  i 'll just give one example , le pen suggested that immigrants should not be able to get education at the subsidised tariffs . 
  this will worsen education level amongst immigrants and therefore worsen integration overall . 
  but i really wish more left-wing ( but also centre and right for that matter ) stop looking away on these matters . 
  while i am very worried about the rise of nationalism in europe , i do see where it 's coming from ( it 's more than immigration alone btw ) . 
  and if the status quo remains blind to this , it 's a matter of time before these parties actually gain majorities . 
  i understand your sentiment , regardless of my opinion about le pen ( i think she 'll worsen integration problems ) i honestly see why people go this way . 
  however it 's literally impossible to kick somebody out of the country he was born in just because you do n't like his political beliefs . 
  the pvv was n't even the largest in the polls at that time . 
  and even if he somehow got that spot , be would n't have governed .
