  when i meant progressive , i meant in favour of individual freedom/responsibilities . 
  i 'm always very hesitant to call them leftists , because that would imply they 're in favour of government regulations . 
  that 's absolutely not the case . 
  in the 2d political compass ( flawed as it may be , i acknowledge that ) they 're on the second quadrant . 
  ( upper corner , right ) . 
  for personal responsibilities/freedoms , and in favour of the free markets . 
  as a left-winger , i would never consider voting for them and i too remain flabbergasted by the amount of people calling them a leftist party and putting them in the same corner as the sp . 
  i never said d66 is left-wing , i said they 're very progressive . 
  economically they 're to the right , but on a cultural level they 're further left than the socialists . 
  sgp are extreme conservatives , but culturally not extreme right-wing . 
  ( they are on the right though , i simply did n't think of them ) if you think denk is extreme-right wing , i have severe doubts about your political knowledge . 
  they 're center-left , they 're basically a turkish version of the pvda with the added quirk of being erdogan apologists . 
  have you read their platform ? 
  the platform itself is nothing extreme . 
  again , i ca n't stand them either . 
  they are exactly part of that identity politics culture you and i both despise . 
  probably for different reasons , but i 'm on your side regarding identity politics itself . 
  another clear example of identity politics would be the us democrats with clinton 's campaign . 
  but i ca n't say the same about bernie sanders for example . 
  i think it distracts from the real issues and it puts the left in a camp where i do n't want to be associated with . 
  i do n't think it 's a surprise clinton lost , that kinda non-issues are irrelevant to the worker who got left behind and lost his job years ago . 
  i hate people victimising themselves . 
  quick anecdote , iive in a student flat and i had a black flatmate . 
  in short , he confirmed all stereotypes . 
  blasting loud hip-hop music at he weirdest hours , the hallway smelling like weed all the time , another flatmate found cocaine on the toilet , he spoke in incomprehensible slang , he got letters from the police in the mailbox and he even fried chicken from time to time . 
  this is literally no exaggeration , this guy was for real . 
  needless to see he got into trouble with a lot of my flatmates from time to time and in the end he got kicked out after we repeatedly kept pressuring our landlord . 
  anyway , when tensions were highest he started shouting and cursing . 
  saying stuff like `` you cancer whites ( makes sense if you 're dutch ) just hate me because of my colour . 
  cancer racists fuck you cancer '' . 
  he constantly played the race card . 
  my point here is that i despise this victimisation without any reflection as much as you do . 
  i too kept sighing every time i saw sylvana simons in national television ( assuming you 're dutch ) . 
  ( although i preferred simons over denk , i think she 's just foolish but she means well . 
  denk is too cuddly towards erdogan , they give me the creeps ) . 
  but there 's a reason these kind of parties arrise right now and denk got three seats . 
  these people do not feel represented by the left-wing parties especially not the pvda anymore . 
  over last two elections , i hardly saw pvda playing any identity politics at all on a national scale . 
  the dutch left generally does n't play identity politics that much . 
  especially compared to the us . 
  the only parties strongly playing identity politics are denk and artikel 1 . 
  maybe greenleft , but they 're one of the big winners this election . 
  or are you seriously suggesting the sp is big on identity politics ? 
  class politics , maybe . 
  but that 's usually not what is meant by identity politics . 
  people also seem to forget that the right had more seats in 2010 than now . 
  this is not some unprecedented shift . 
  in fact , the last time we 've had a left-wing cabinet was 1973-1977 . 
  right wing populism in the netherlands peaked ( for now ) back in 2010 . 
  pvv was literally part of the government construction . 
  it 's just now that international press gives a shit about it . 
  but it 's not like this is the first time the right-wing populist message got this many seats . 
  the right has almost 100 seats ? 
  what are we you talking about , the culturally right-wing party 's are pvv , vvd , cda and fvd . 
  combined they 've got 75 seats , that 's just half of the parliament . 
  it 's also less than 2010 by the way . 
  yes , the left lost this election . 
  but the netherlands has never been a left-wing country . 
  the last time we 've had a progressive cabinet is literally over fourty years ago . 
  first of all , pc culture is n't even a thing in mainstream dutch politics . 
  second , the big winners of this election ( d66 and gl ) are literally the most progressive ( or most ` pc ' if you insist ) parties in parliament . 
  both also very pro-eu and for a ` humane refugee policy ' as they call it themselves . 
  your analysis is plain wrong . 
  the collapse of the left has nothing to do with pc culture , it has everything to do with the center-left who have sold the interests of their core-base down the river . 
  they 're expecting a long and tedious formation . 
  changes are that it wo n't be before the summer . 
  a media outlet being wrong . 
  the implication is that it 's very hard for small parties to get into national parliament in the netherlands . 
  while the required share of votes ( 0.67 % ) is among the lowest in the world . 
  also , the favour towards the larger parties is mainly mathematical . 
  it 's pretty slim . 
  that 's my big objection here . 
  because the term ` rigged ' implies that it 's particularly hard in the netherlands for a small party to get a seat . 
  while there are very few countries where this is easier than in the netherlands . 
  you just need 0.67 % of the vote . 
  especially coming from a uk paper it 's kinda rich , see how ukip got a decent chunk of the vote but only got a few seats . 
  ( i kinda despise them , but i still think that 's very odd ) it would be pretty simple to say ` this system slightly favours the larger parties ' . 
  you can even remove the ` slightly ' here , i would n't bat an eye . 
  but ` rigged ' is pretty ridiculous . 
  cu are no extremists ? 
  you know they were in a coalition with the vvd , right ? 
  of course their voting behaviour is bound to be similar to their coalition partner . 
  that being said , i lost my faith in pvda ages ago . 
  that 's why i voted for them . 
   while for the uk labour party it 's largely because the leadership is shifting the party further to the left , which is out of tune with the electorate . 
  ehm , uk labour was imploding long before corbyn took over . 
  interesting to note , the sp ( second largest party among lowly educated ) are the left-wing populists . 
  think a dutch and less charismatic form of bernie sanders . 
  even the second-most popular party among low educated voters is anti-globalist . 
  the stats behind the results are not particularly comforting to me to be fair . 
  it does show a deep sense of outrage among a large group in our country . 
  the current results have pvv at 13.1 % , so do n't worry you 're still our * slightly * smarter neighbours . 
  just to be clear , they are center-left like pvda is center-left . 
  so just ` left ' would work as well . 
  here 's where the kieskompas puts them : [ link . ] ( http://m.imgur.com/vfz2ukf ) . 
  personally i 'd put them more conservative , but these positions are just based on the statements in the kieskompas . 
  they do n't ask whether it 's necessary to pledge allegiance to erdogan for example . 
  they 're definitely sympathetic for erdogan and have some weird ideas about things like freedom of the press . 
  but as a whole their program is center-left . 
  not extremist left .
