  by all means , we should discuss that issue and the problems that come with it . 
  there 's nothing wrong with being sceptical there and personally i 'm still in the middle in this debate . 
  but do n't come to me with the bullshit meme about sweden being an islamic warzone . 
  that 's what i 'm objecting to here , not the debate about immigration itself . 
  it 's really not that far of a stretch that 80 % of the people actually mocking sweden online are alt-right trolls . 
  remember that is the group we were talking about here , the one mocking the country . 
  sweden is not doing worse in any measure than basically all of its european counterpart . 
  so specifically aiming your guns at sweden is a pretty stupid thing to do if you 're not swedish yourself . 
  there 's a difference between being unhappy or critical about immigration and mocking an entire country that is not doing worse than any of its counterpart . 
  the former is perfectly fine , but in the latter case yes you 'd be a troll . 
  usually by the alt-right . 
  i 'd wear that as a badge of honour . 
  it has a lower percentage of muslims than pretty much all of western europe , you know that right ? 
  i 'm not sure if you 're baiting here , but in case you 're actually serious i 'll bite :  i know theres a shit load of immigrants there aka muslims . 
  from a very [ conservative website ] ( http://www.theoccidentalobserver.net/wp-content/uploads/2017/03/islam-eu.png ) . 
  4.6 % of population is pretty much european average . 
  so your first statement is wrong . 
   its now the rape capital of europe and without johannesburg it would be the worst in the world . 
  how has that meme not died out ? 
  it 's a very easy thing to actually look up . 
  here 's a [ hint ] ( http://www.snopes.com/crime-sweden-rape-capital-europe/ ) . 
   malmo is basically a warzone as rival gangs of migrants from africa or the middle east battle it out on the streets with constant grenade attacks on each other . 
  lol , i do n't even know where to start here . 
  malm\u00f6 is doing fine . 
  does it have bad neighbourhoods ? 
  yes . 
  but so does new york or any big city for that matter . 
  i 'll just [ leave this here ] ( http://www.snopes.com/sweden-crime-no-go-zone-police/ ) . 
   i completely expect to be downvoted to shit but do some research and you 'll see everything i said above is true literally nothing of what you said is true . 
  i suggest you 'd visit it sometime , it 's actually a lovely country . 
  i have lived there for a couple of months . 
  that 's why we 're buddies with saudi arabia , right ? 
  because they 're so good with human rights . 
  generally you 're not very good at it :(, 
  i always listen to music on the road . 
  but i just download my stuff beforehand . 
  works perfectly fine that way and it 's really easy with google play music . 
  ( you can download/remove entire albums with the click of a button ) i never stream videos during public transportation , i just watch a movie i downloaded beforehand , browse some reddit or i just read a book . 
  i do n't use snapchat . 
  in fact , very few of my friends even have snapchat . 
  communication is usually all done with whatsapp . 
  right , i do have wifi pretty much everywhere i go . 
  well , at least at university and at home . 
  and when i 'm cycling to uni , i do n't need wifi anyway ( my music is downloaded to my phone ) . 
  so i usually only use my 3g connection when i 'm in town ( not the place to waste it on data-wasters like movies ) or when i 'm on the train . 
  and even then a lot of trains have wifi nowadays . 
  it 's just the trains that i actually use never have wifi . 
  till this date , i have yet to see any mobile connection that offers me a stable 100mb/s that i get from home . 
  my university even offers 1000mb/s from the cable . 
  as long as the discrepancies persist , i do n't really see people moving to mobile operators for their home connection . 
   just 50gb * just * 50gb ? 
  jesus christ , what do you guys even do with your internet ? 
  usually i do n't even deplete my 1gb data plan . 
  yeah , it does n't really match with my personal experience . 
  of course my data set is limited , but i 've had a swedish number when i lived there last year and mobile data is * cheaper * than in the netherlands . 
  this graph suggests the netherlands has cheap mobile data because there 's an unlimited $ 30 offer somewhere . 
  the thing is , i 'm not interested in unlimited data , 1gb is perfectly fine for me . 
  and 1gb data in the netherlands is not cheaper than at least sweden . 
  labour was expecting a huge defeat , especially after the election was just called . 
  that 's why may called this election on the first place , to make easy gains from a historically weak labour . 
  it was basically a given that she 'd expand her majority , probably to more than 400 seats . 
  instead it was 40-42 , labour did * much * better than expected . 
  a majority was never really on the table . 
  yes , someone else already pointed that out . 
  i kinda misread it , you 're right . 
  yeah , on second look i think you 're right . 
  the main thing they try to highlight is europe using much more different types of weapon systems ( reducing efficiency ) . 
  having a more uniform army could help a lot with efficiency . 
  at first i thought they tried to highlight how the us spends so much more than us , trying to suggest we should up our game as well . 
  ( not saying we should n't , but 2 % ( nato guideline ) is much more reasonable than the us 3.3 % imho ), 
  i 'm not saying that we should n't increase defense spending overall , but i do n't think it 's fair to put it next to us ' bloated defense budget . 
  not exactly a country we should emulate . 
  ** edit : ** i misinterpreted the purpose of this infographic . 
  it 's about efficiency , not size . 
  i agree with the overall message here . 
  is it delusional to expect the tories to win ? 
  well allright then ... 
  i 'm a bit surrounded by mostly left-wing meme pages so it 's not really representative . 
  but the corbyn memes are going pretty strong actually . 
  the difference in some polls is down to 3 % , which means we 're nearing the margin of error . 
  it 's not a guarantee anymore . 
  that being said , as much as i 'm sincerely hoping for a shock ~ ~ history ~ ~ victory from labour , i 'm betting my money on the tories as well . 
  edit : ducking autocorrect . 
   it will be interesting to see how this develops , as normally the client-target for lidl will be trump voters and he 's surfing on an anti-german wave right now ...  overall , the lower-income households ( which i guess you 're referring to ) tend to vote more left-wing . 
  yes , the populist right is definitely particularly popular with this group but so are the socialist parties . 
  the two most popular parties with lower incomes in the netherlands last election were the sp and the pvv . 
  the most left-wing and the most right-wing party in parliament . 
  ( reasoning is the same why sanders and trump both appealed to this group ) . 
  anyway , my point is that i do n't think the core demographic of lidl votes trump . 
  both lidl and aldi are also quite popular with students over here ( due to their low pricing ) . 
  those usually vote very pro-eu . 
  this pro-european left-winger ( me ) pretty much exclusively shops at aldi or lidl . 
  funny , over here aldi has more brands than lidl . 
  it 's really not that big of a stretch that most of the times these are lone attackers . 
  i do n't think isis is that organised actually . 
  most of these attacks seem to be isis sympathisers , which at most have had contact with a radical preacher in the neighbourhood or something . 
  ( sometimes no contact at all ) you can bet that the police have tabs on multiple radical people they do n't fully trust , but that have not done anything that 's strictly illegal . 
  after such an attack , they 're probably afraid these people will act soon too or that they * might * be related so they raid them just to be certain . 
  then it can happen that you have a lone attackers , followed by a dozen of arrests . 
  thank you .
