* cough * it was sarcasm * cough *, 
  thing is though that might be cool if say you got obama on the other end . 
  it being erdogan , someone who 's adamant in making turkey a dictatorship under religious rule , silencing everyone he can with threads , prison , loss of jobs , death and the like kinda makes it so even the first time it 's terrifying in turkey . 
  i mean it 's cool from a technology and capabilities perspective sure . 
  but it 's not cool from a moral and real world consequences sort of way . 
  same way drones are cool from a tech way , but it 's not cool the us uses them for indiscriminate killings . 
  and if i 'm honest in both situation the `` cool '' factor is kinda then overridden by the substantially more horrifying `` uncool '' factor . 
  if by animal desires you mean sex ... yep people bang , it 's a pleasurable activity enjoyed by pretty much everyone in the world at some point . 
  the people banging usually also then do their jobs where ever they work . 
  live to consume useless crap . 
  while i admit consumerism leads to a throw away lifestyle , hell i own a lot of stuff but that 's not cause i use and throw away , thats because most of it relates to hobbies and past times . 
  do n't think it 's bad to enjoy doing stuff which involves having things like guitars and such . 
  but i do agree throwaway culture , people who must have the latest of every gadget and the old are doomed for landfill . 
  yea not great , but most ca n't afford that life . 
  if you wan na bring up bad morals however as you listed , church , pope ... we ca n't pretend they have a perfect history regarding wealth ( have you seen how much the catholic church owns ... hell i 'm in england and they own a large amount of the area i live in ) they have billions that they do n't share with the people who need help ( and follow their faith ) . 
  and then you have the pope and vatican using their power to save fiddly priests from standing trial for the sexual abuse of minors . 
  there are also a number of catholics within the us governments ranks and catholics are around 25 % of the us population so it 's not as if the western world and its `` rotten morals '' are being pushed forward by purely non-catholics . 
  in fact catholicism is the only religion in the us which has maintained a steady base , protestantism for example has been falling ( from 70 % of christianity to 50 % ) since the 60s . 
  so catholics in america have more power than they 've ever had vote and numbers wise as they make up the 2nd biggest religious demographic in the us . 
  ( as of 2016 ) the people who started the us 's wars were indeed protestants . 
  protestant christians not atheists , agnostics or any other religion for that matter . 
  and as non-believers are the largest growing group in the us in the future hopefully the us will move towards a more science based and less religiously driven morality . 
  which currently looking at what people are doing to achieve that seems like it 'll be more balanced and better for people in general . 
  neither the `` west '' or catholicism are perfect . 
  judging the whole of the wests morals based on what a few greedy leaders do ( which loads of people disagree with ) would be the same as me judging all catholics morals based on the few priests that diddle kids and get away with it because of the pope . 
  it 's kinda wrong to make such blanket judgements on groups . 
  ironically enough one catholic priest from my area got done for diddling kids ... a different catholic priest in my area is letting me record a rock band in his church . 
  2 people who follow the same teachings but are vastly different morally . 
  rotten morals from your perspective, 
  however the people your county voted to represent them have decided that it has a place . 
  66 to 1 in fact . 
  which suggests when voting , gay marriage is n't an issue to break the camels back . 
  if you want to keep gays out of marriage . 
  probably best to cut any ties marriage has to state benefits . 
  tax breaks , tax cuts , special state recognition and the rest . 
  because that 's still a legal factor in marriage . 
  perks you are deny non-straight people . 
  so there you go ... make marriage in your country purely a religious thing with not connection to the state and its tax laws ... also protestant west is a weird way of putting it ... a huge amount of people are n't even religious . 
  and no i 'm not trying to convince you because i know a hard line catholic can not be convinced . 
  again i 'm merely showing you the other sides points so you can see where they are coming from ... so you might be able to at least understand why people hold the other perspective . 
  you know ... as i do your perspective . 
  opening your mind to other ideas and showing it 's not all some evil thing . 
  not trying to convert you to modern societies views . 
  explaining why so maybe you understand a different perspective . 
  because you 're applying blanket generalisations to a world of 7 + billion people which is maddening . 
  part 2 :  families come in all shapes and sizes yes they are ... but not in the sense you 're thinking . 
  they teach kids/teenagers the types of things they will encounter in their lives . 
  like i 've said before being gay is not a choice so it makes sense that in schools they teach that some people are gay and how that works in sex ed . 
  families are a personal thing and every has their own , everyone treats and handles it different . 
  teachers are not teaching that families come in all shapes and sizes . 
  teachers do n't teach how a family should be at all , in fact most do not ever teach anything about adoption ( pass adoption being an alternative to having a biological child ) , very rarely is foster care every brought up , neither is who and who can not adopt children ( unless asked by a child themselves and if the teacher knows the current legal standing well enough to answer said question ) . 
  schools facilitate discussion so to a degree given the right class room , with the right children , asking the right questions a topic of families and what 's considered okay could occur though at a state school that discussion would be lead by students and moderated by teachers . 
  just because you do n't accept that families `` do n't come in all shapes and sizes '' does n't mean they do n't , in a world where gay 's can legally get married , in some cases also then also adopt it 's important that if the question arises people can discuss the issues , positives and effects of such a world . 
  schools are for engaging people in critical thinking and developing those skills . 
  they are n't teaching people this , they are giving children/teens a space in which they can make their own mind up on the situation . 
   rights as a parent rights as a parent always , always come second to the rights of a child . 
  examples of this are plenty . 
  if your kid does something you does n't like ( let 's pretend they decide god is n't their thing ) and you go at them with a baseball bat or fists . 
  the rights of the child are their to protect them from the abuse . 
  the child would be removed from your care and you would be prosecuted for your actions . 
  now i 'm not saying you would , that 's just an example . 
  but when discussion education it 's important to think about the needs of a child , something that will change from person to person admittedly . 
  when assessing the education needs of a child you must look at the world they are entering so the school can address things that will be common place in their lives , along side skills to develop them for work life and further education . 
  maths , english , languages and science are the clear objective truths which children are taught to give them the skills and knowledge they need to understand the world . 
  art , design , music , drama , dance , physical education are all more social and creative outlets children benefit from partaking it . 
  both for enjoyment and for the cultural aspects of them all . 
  religious education however is where people differ , some want it to push certain religions onto children , some want it to exclude religions , some do n't want it at all . 
  most people however would side with wanting it to teach a variety religions and their practices , beliefs , customs , traditions and the like without a heavy push towards any in particular . 
  that 's what should be happening in state schools which are aimed at education the general population as it needs to reflect the needs of a diverse group of people . 
  if you want a specific education in religion ( something that could lead to poor cultural understanding in the future ) you either teach that at home , go to a special school or home school your child for it . 
  it 's not the states job to push certain religions on your children . 
  on the topic of sex ed , again at state schools the requirement is to cater to the diverse population they deal with . 
  that includes gays , lesbians , transexuals and naturally heterosexuals . 
  if you do n't want your kids to have a full education on the topic ... home schooling and religious schools are options . 
  again though you do so knowing that there will be things that they will not understand when they grow up . 
  you have a ` right ' as a parent to choose what school they go to ... you have an obligation as a parent to make sure they are being taught the things they need to be , even if that includes things which go against or contradict your beliefs . 
  you have issues in america for example where they want to remove aspects of science from them to teach creation as a truth , even thought there is no evidence to support it . 
  wanting to remove evolution from science classes because the bible teaches creation , completely disregarding the scientific evidence for evolution , tests , facts , peer reviewed , replicated studies and tests . 
  this is why separation of church and state is what keeps this from happening . 
  it stops religions going into schools and applying their beliefs to the curriculum , disregarding scientific consensus and facts . 
   i 'm sick and tired of this aggression is it aggressive though ? 
  let 's take a step back and consider this . 
  you 're in a country and a different religion is more prominent than yours . 
  lets say you 're a christian and majority is sikh . 
  say the split is ; * 70 % sikh * 10 % christian * 10 % atheist * 10 % muslim all the groups pay tax to the same government , all the taxes are used to fund state schools and projects . 
  would you be okay then with the sikh majority being able to influence how those funds are spent ? 
  would you be okay with them using your tax money to erect sikh monuments on public land while disregarding the other faiths ? 
  would you want them teaching sikh as a true religion in schools rather than teaching a variety of religious understandings ? 
  so the answer of is it aggressive . 
  nope ... though i will agree terms and conditions apply : yes there are people who take things to far and inflict hate upon christian groups for their beliefs as there are with every group of people . 
  them being dicks still does n't make evening the playing field aggressive ... that makes the people being dicks aggressive . 
  i can see why you might think it 's `` aggressive '' places like america and assuming malta where you are ? 
  in a country which has for a long time now had a heavy push towards one side ( roman catholic if malta , christianity in general in the us ) the levelling of the playing field leads to seemingly huge changes . 
  especially when you do n't appear to see why other groups are upset by it . 
  some cases which show importantly why separation from church and state is important can ironically be shown by americas `` church of satan '' which is n't actually a church for satan . 
  when a religious group wants to impose it 's views on state ran projects , using state money or the like `` freedom of religion '' means that the state needs to treat all religions equally . 
  when religion groups do that church of satan also puts in their application ... which tends to lead to the other religion stepping down ( from imposing views on state/public things ) not just because it 's unconstitutional to do it . 
  but because they want a monopoly on religion and do n't want the church of satan to be able to display their beliefs . 
  the whole `` families come in all different shapes and sizes '' thing once again ... everyone has different beliefs on what a family is to what the people in it what it to be . 
  you definition of family is heavily dictated by your religious views both directly and indirectly .
