  many people do not share the same faith as you and thus have different views on that . 
  other peoples views on what family means does n't effect your family . 
  as long as you 're happy with how you and the people you love live , other people having enjoyable lives living how they want to live ( providing now one is harming anyone ) will never change your families relationship . 
  cultures all over the world have different meanings to family and amazingly ... they do just fine . 
  from tribes in the amazon to people in america to russians and east asia . 
  the concept of family changes but the consistent theme is one of love , caring , compassion and unity . 
  the rest is cultural differences yet they all work . 
  just remember that just because a belief you hold is important to you ... that does n't mean that belief is right , applies to everyone around you , is well informed , is realistic or is wrong . 
  to apply a narrow minded belief to a world of 7 + billion vastly under estimates how varied our species is . 
  in addition to this . 
  separation of church and state also does a lot to protect religions but that 's a whole different topic all together . 
   please tell it to all those crazy `` activists '' who mock my religion , tradition , culture and so on , ok ? 
  freedom of speech allows for that . 
  while some people are dickish about it , criticism of faith is allowed over a free country and for good reason . 
  it allows science to operate without interference , it allows questions to be asked , it allows for debate , it allows for freedom of religion . 
  you do n't get to tell other people what they hold sacred . 
   i 'm sick of people who tell me we should remove religion from schools people are n't trying to remove religion from schools . 
  if you want to prey at school ... you can . 
  if you want to read the bible or quran at school ... you can . 
  religions education is important at school and will always remain in schools , though the focus over time has now been from `` teaching people the religion their parents follow ' to `` understanding a variety of religions and the effects they 've had , the beliefs they hold '' it 's a more objective approach to teaching religion where things are explain well and are discussed . 
  there are also plenty of religious schools in the world , catholic schools , jewish schools , muslim schools which have a heavier focus on the religious elements with the school playing an active role in the practice of the religion . 
   `` separate the church and the state '' again something very important . 
  the state is supported by the tax payers . 
  let 's take america for example because it does n't have an `` official religion '' and has many issues with separation of ` church and state ' . 
  for a start church refers to any religions hand in politics , it just so happens that in the west christianity has had the biggest influence . 
  here 's america 's rough religious breakdown : * 70.6 % christian * 5.9 % non-christian faith * 22.8 % unaffiliated ( atheist , agnostic , non-believers , nothing but religion not important , nothing but religion important ) * 0.6 % do n't know all of these groups pay taxes to the state . 
  as a result it would be unfair for the state to then spend the tax money of the non-christians ( who make up 29.4 % of the countries population ) on statues and such for religious purposes . 
  to support one religion over the others . 
  it also stops religions from effecting law and using law as a way to mess with other religions . 
  separation of church and state is the reason why churches do n't pay taxes in america because of `` no taxation without representation '' . 
  by having separation of church from state laws come from a more balanced perspective rather than being based off of faith ( which you might see an issue with ) but is an issue in a society that has such a diverse group of people . 
  in america however a large amount of senates are religious and the times they have used tax money to fund religious projects naturally if caught , they 've been punished for it because that 's now how tax money is meant to be spent . 
   and ban religious symbols in public and the church teaching because it 's `` hateful '' if a church wants to build something on their land then thats okay , no one is stopping that . 
  however what people get pissed about ( rightfully so ) is the state building religious symbols with tax payers money , the rule is if they do it for one religion they need to be open to doing it for them all ... and with the amount of religions there are , that would cost insane amounts and you 'd have no space ... and thus it 's decided that the state can not erect religious symbols . 
  if you want to wear a cross round your neck , display one in your garden , have one at a church then no one will stop you . 
  if people were to be able to stop that american 's would have the train wreck that is the ark experience ... ironically funded via huge tax breaks by a local down ... which are likely to bankrupt the town because the ark is making huge losses ( and he 's now cutting staff pay illegally ) . 
   choose their religion when they grow up while i do n't agree with the crowd who thinks parents should never teach their children a religion . 
  i believe you should leave the door open for other beliefs . 
  if your child grows up and decides that they do n't agree with the beliefs they were brought up with ... then there should be no issue with them changing religion or leaving religion behind all together . 
  challenging your beliefs is important for both believers and non-believers . 
  critical think skills are important and following something on blind faith is n't generally a good idea , be that religious beliefs or newspaper articles claiming things . 
  the difference is between forcing and encouraging . 
  if you 're encouraging your kids to go to church on sunday that 's fine , it allows the door for them to go `` no i would rather not '' it gives them an option but also teaches values of respect . 
  while i do n't follow a religion if a girlfriend 's parents do i while i would tell them that i do n't subscribe to their beliefs , if they asked me to go to church with them i would out of respect for them . 
  forcing children to follow a religion however is indoctrination and can get abusive . 
  the key difference is force or encourage . 
  encourage does use force and is done through understanding and discussion . 
  force is doing without thinking for the other persons actual wants . 
  that goes for if a child does end up changing or loosing faith as they grow up , forcing them out because of that is n't fair . 
  everyone holds different beliefs even if they subscribe to the same religion and they display them in different ways , to deny someone a chance to choose their own religious path be that one of faith or one of scepticism goes against the idea of personal freedoms . 
  both can co-exist you see . 
  not everyone is doing the same things you see . 
  there are many people leading insanely good relationships with children , loving each other , caring for each other and supporting . 
  while there are also relationships that end poorly over disagreements . 
  culture is n't hostile against the family . 
  there are still millions of families doing their thing and there will always continue to be . 
  families develop at different points in different peoples lives . 
  you say that as if porn , cheating , prostitution , and the like did n't happen prior to the 60s ... 
  it did just people did n't talk about it which is arguably a bigger issue then now ( victorian era was famous for prostitution as was america in it 's earlier years , a staple of the old west . 
  it 's not known as `` the worlds oldest job '' for no reason ) ... because at least now it 's discussed no matter wether you agree with it or not . 
  back then however it was done in many more unsafe ways . 
  foster kids , adoptions , abandoned kids and such have always happened ... oliver twist is a story of many kids in that situation . 
  only back then these kids were put to work in factories and other dangerous conditions or on the street or treated poorly with far less guards in place to protect them . 
  marriage by definition does n't have a foot in natural law . 
  marriage is not a science . 
  it 's an agreement made up by humans thousands of years ago in a different time and thus has naturally adapted to fit societies morals . 
  as stated marriage was originally essentially a trade in order to further a families social status and such . 
  marrying into wealth . 
  you realise your idea of marriage is n't something born into nature right . 
  marriage is a completely human concept . 
  you do n't need to be married to have a successful relationship . 
  marriage has loads of legal benefits nowadays . 
  that 's the difference between state marriage and religious . 
  it 's why churches are n't forced to marry people but the state will recognise them as married . 
  and no i do n't get how it ruins your family because i do n't see how 2 loving gay dudes effects you at all . 
  they are n't forcing you to break you family up or anything . 
  this does n't change how your family operates in the slightest . 
  as being `` married '' is n't what keeps your family together is it , it 's the bonds you formed and the love you have for them . 
  i do n't see how other people existing and do what they want . 
  how that effects your ability to do what you want in your family or what your kids choose to do . 
  marriage does n't = having children in fact marriage has changed so many times . 
  first it was ownership , then love , first it was through parents agreement , now it 's on the people , interracial marriage was n't legal ... now it 's normal . 
  marriage is n't a science , it 's an agreement between people which also comes with legal perks . 
  and if your argument is about monogamy and things of the like ... marriage does n't stop people from doing that . 
  people lead great relationships which are on the same `` marriage '' like qualities without actually getting married . 
  further that are insane amounts of kids in foster or state care . 
  it 's better for them to be adopted by loving parents ( be they straight or gay couples ) then be in poor housing situations with no parent figure . 
  divorce was huge before gay marriage and so was single parenting way before gay marriage became legal . 
  wan na know what is buggering your concept of marriage in the west , people going into them to early in life , parents pushing people into them , throwaway culture and poor relationship role models . 
  a child has a right to a good upbringing sure . 
  mum and dad specifically ... well that varies from family to family . 
  yay for your wan na be future where people have less rights . 
  what and incredible future you want . 
  are you being serious ... he 's going to be seen as a shining example of sanity for voting against gay rights . 
  that one dude will now forever be on the wrong side of history . 
  it 's not like it was even a group who can take that . 
  it 's a single dude ... 
  yea but on an international stage more people are likely to know where turkey is than azerbaijan . 
  if the original commentator does n't realise the czech republic is central europe there is no way in hell he knows where azerbaijan is . 
  yep .
