  do : enjoy yourself and have fun . 
  do n't : expect to come back without a sunburn . 
  this applies to anywhere from barcelona to mallorca . 
  i hope we all gain what we wish and see a united europe . 
  united stronger than ever . 
  and to everyone a prosperous life with great liberty , justice , and freedom for all . 
  i understood that completely , and i 'm okay with you pointing this out . 
  i do admit i made a mistake there . 
  i have n't been kept up to speed with everything mixed with other local issues . 
  and i thank you for showing me this . 
  despite all of it , i do wish catalonia would gain independence . 
  and i do hope we could stamp out corruption both politically , economically , and socially . 
  it 'd be a miracle , but i do wish it 'd happen to us and the rest of europe . 
  so a man who 's undeclared his wealth is a sign of catalonia being corrupted ? 
  it wo n't halt the drive for independence . 
  even if our * former * leader admitted to it . 
  one odd grape does not spoil the crop . 
  does he represent all of catalonia ? 
  it may hurt the movement , but it wo n't stop the people . 
  and if in time there will be a stamp-out of any overt corruption . 
  i only made the mention because the right of self-determination is being infringed by the spanish government . 
  downvoted or not , it 's still a right we 've been denied . 
  corruption wo n't stop the determination . 
  and no , i never mentioned catalonia as being corruption-free . 
  i made a passing remark of a major spanish issue that has gone unsolved for years and it 's implication in why catalonia is seceding . 
  mixed with the nationalism of the region , it 's still goign to move them forward even without jordi . 
  ( edit : i do apologize if i 'm being rude . 
  at the time i 've been in a fight with someone i 'm irate with . 
  i do no meant to be hostile . ), 
  and people still wonder why catalonia wants out of spain . 
  ( edit : thanks to / u/jebusgobson i realized that this was said incorrectly . 
  i do acknolwedge now that catalonia is n't superior to spain on terms of corruption . 
  what i meant was that the spanish government has n't been doing it 's job . 
  and catalonia wants to secede due to it . 
  i never meant to say catalonia was a saint to the corruption in spain . ), 
  if you 're familiar with foster 's home or powerpuff girls , the same woman who did those , lauren faust , also did mlp . 
  she 's a very sweet woman . 
  i do n't want to see my homeland lose itself because we forgot what the ataturk taught us . 
  i just do n't . 
  it 's too depressing . 
  go back to your waffles and syrup , belgian . 
  my love is for finland . 
  home of angry drunks , the dudesons , and poronk\u00e4ristys . 
  that reindeer , man . 
  as the unofficial turkish representative to the people of r/europe , i would like to apologize for the shenanigans of edrogan . 
  he 's a fucking toolbox but we ca n't get his ass out of office soon enough . 
  too many anti-secular pro-islam assholes are throwing turkey back . 
  and i really wish it would n't come to it , but that corrupt fucker is tearing our nation apart . 
  you mean edrogan ? 
  sorry , confused a bit . 
  they 'll never be able to outman the greatest manly men of all : hulk hogan and theodore roosevet . 
  my point exactly , the people exercised their right of revolution and people slam them for it . 
  it seems like people do n't like it when a pro-democracy revolution occurs . 
  not like they had any other choice at that rate . 
  whoa , calm down count crackula . 
  as another speaker of catalan , these shenanigans do not make me a happy citizen . 
  it 's a good ideology on paper , but in practice i do n't think marx had it down right . 
  it was heavily up to interpretation . 
  as a result , we got some horrific governments like the khmer rogue and mao 's government . 
  inherently , every ideology has some good part . 
  it 's better to mix it to make a fine stew than to have one ideology alone . 
  though you need the right balance , or it 'd be spoiled rotten . 
  simple . 
  he went against the wishes of the people . 
  and they invoked the [ right of revolution ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/right_of_revolution ) . 
  he said they 'd go to the eu , then suddenly betrayed them for a deal that 'd line his pockets from russia . 
  you 'd rather they have a corrupt government filled with men who only wish to line their pockets , that 's fine . 
  but it 's not your right to tell them to lie down and take it in the ass . 
  we will into relevant with great amounts of pride !, 
  jar jar binks becoming quoted ? 
  oh god please no . 
  [ petroleum and alcohol . 
  give us your petrol !, 
  ] ( http://atlas.media.mit.edu/profile/country/lva/ ), 
  that game made me feel fifty shades of feels . 
  get back to your home , welshman !, 
  you will never be relevant !, 
  you can not handle the glory of mediterranean ports !, 
  go back to your tiny boats on your rivers !, 
  catalonia would like your land ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  he 's a troll , do n't feed him . 
  they try to lump [ right sector ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/right_sector ) with svoboda to paint a fascist-majority rada . 
  pretty much the russian propaganda machine at work . 
  i mean , yes that the deputy chairman of the rada * is * a svoboda member , however he 's been in office since dec. 2012 . 
  putin-brand logic !, 
  coming to your nearest putinmart !, 
  your country should n't have taken australia from the dutch in the first place !, 
  ramirez , take down that enemy stronghold !, 
  take this m9 !, 
  sounds like call of duty to me . 
  poor guy . 
  the powers of a/c units !, 
  fear my powers as an air condition wizard !, 
  your inferior portugese architecture is nothing to my [ dragon statue ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/d/da/reptil_parc_guell_barcelona.jpg/1920px-reptil_parc_guell_barcelona.jpg ) !, 
  in andalucia ? 
  no idea , i 'm in the north-east . 
   olivenza i would enjoy sneering at those silly portuguese and their lack of brick-and-mortar architecture !, 
  it 's like potato vodka , it does n't exist !, 
  oh wow , i actually did n't know that . 
  thanks for the link .
