  i was n't citing fox though . 
  you can ignore it all and just listen to what that iman has to say . 
  yeah , no . 
  when a news source blatantly [ changes faces ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/7/77/fnc_controversy_steinberg.png ) to racial stereotypes and [ intentionally change faces to insult their target ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/f/f0/fnc_controversy_reddicliffe.png ) , they lost their credibility as a news source . 
   sweden [ 1 ] is the rape capital in europe . 
  because , oh no , they 're actually reporting crimes and taking it seriously by case-to-case !, 
  because * again * there 's gender equality in sweden and the police is actually fucking competent . 
  comparing it to other countries , there 'd obviously be a difference in the reports . 
  plus , comparing is fucking stupid due to the differences in law and actual reported rape . 
   the authors of the study questioned the accuracy of the data provided by the countries reporting low instances of rape . 
  they also noted that a widening of the definition of rape in law ; procedural rules which require police to record all reports , a confidence in the criminal justice system and a greater willingness among swedish women to report rape in relationships could account for the relative high number of reported rapes in sweden . 
  keep blaming muslims , you xenophobic fuck . 
  yeah , that 's the best way to do it . 
  become the exemplary state of unity , diversity , and all the nordic socialism !, 
  kinda smiliar to mine . 
  except it involves damming the gibraltar and combining the african union and european federation into the glorious afro-european federation . 
  yep !, 
  i 'm just the kind of guy who 'd want a federalized europe , with all our members joining in . 
  it 'd be a pipe dream right now , but i 'm just hoping for some day it 'd happen . 
  the federation of europe !, 
  next superpower of the world !, 
  i will concede the muhammad cartoons , despite i 'm also seeing fault in why the fuck would they do it in the first place ? 
  it 's a religiously motivated attack by muslims because of their belief to not give their prophet an icon . 
  and if you want me to give points in response . 
  [ there 's well-documented religious extremism caused by christian extremists across india . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/christian_terrorism#india ) and this has been occuring in the 21st century , by a major religion . 
  however , despite this , there are still well-integrated muslims who have been harassed for nothing more than the fact they 're muslim . 
  hell , my family who visits from algeria/tunisia/morocco , have been harassed every time they 've come here . 
  despite being ancedotal , it 's frustrating me to see anti-muslim attitudes affecting moderates or progressive muslims who have * nothing * to do with extremists . 
  we 'll always have extremists , or bull-headed families who 'll enforce their culture and blocking out their hosts countries . 
  however , i 'm not pointing out these muslims , i 'm pointing out the people who are , by definition , europeans being harassed for the sheer fact they 're muslim . 
  notably beign the poor woman in the article . 
  i just call it ` immigration reform that 's actually logical ' :p overall , it 's good for the mid-term , but we need to pull our shit together . 
  the eu is great , but it needs a lot of overhauling to get the ride back on track . 
  this , to me , is a bit of an ace bandage until we can hopefully have a unified state instead of our current division . 
  hey , it 's not anti-immigration to me . 
  it 's just wanting a proper reform of the immigration laws in the eu . 
  it 's very much understandable since it 's not clouted in obvious bigotry . 
  and personally , you 're one of the good posters to the subreddit . 
  i 'd want the same thing , assimilation and integration . 
  despite being multicultural , it 's also nice to have immigrants adopting their immigrant countries customs and laws . 
  but also would be interesting to learn about their own culture !, 
  personally , i 'd want a very comprehensive pan-eu immigration law . 
  integration , assimilation , and spreading out refugees and immigrants to all members of the union and not have them concentrate in specific regions . 
  yeah , in retrospect calling them xenophobes would 've been * a lot * better . 
  but damage has been done , and that 's how it 's gon na be . 
  it 's absolutely annoying to find this shit constantly happens as well on the subreddit . 
  seeing the constant xenophobic attitude , possibly trolls or not , really spurred me into action . 
  it 's tiring to hear the same tirade of how x and y are a major threat , despite the fact the majority are n't fucking crazy . 
  where are the ` good ' places to be an immigrant in italy ? 
  been a lot of bigots in r/europe lately , it 's kinda a bit frustrating to come here and just see the constant ` all problems are because of immigrants ' , ` the muslims/jews/minority-of-the - week did this ' , etc. 
  finally decided to stand up for once and at least fight back against it . 
  and yeah , terms are key in getting across what i mean . 
  in retrospect , yeah that would 've been a lot better to say . 
  thanks , sotof !, 
  what would be a better alternative ? 
  and this is a source known for ` screaming loudest until the other side shuts up ' . 
  it 's pretty damn obvious they 're going to get him riled and cause a scene . 
  famous british imam or not , if you 're citing fox news , i 'm going to fucking laugh at you . 
  and great , you 're losing patience over me . 
  clearly i 'm doing something right if i 'm riling you up over words behind a computer screen . 
  and yes , a lot of the fear is born out of ignorance or a constant stream of ` muslims bad , they did this , they do this ' . 
  and they 've attacked people who are * fucking innocent * like the woman in the article . 
  if you 're telling me that ` all i need to know about islam is from the news ' , you 're a fucking idiot . 
  and yeah , it probably is but it 's not easy pointing out the fucking statistic with other nations . 
  2013 there were 63 cases out of 10,000 . 
  which was also a * decline * from 2012 . 
  and the definition of police procedure and statistics vary due to different views on the * laws * of each country . 
  notably sweden , in 2005 , making the laws much broader . 
  this * will * lead to an increase in rape reports based on the law . 
  * however * , it also inflates the cases from 2004 - 2013 in the report by the fact the swedish police investigate each independent case . 
  if you 're gon na throw around a fucking ` proof ' , then actually read it before you do . 
  if you 're trying to equate the rape cases with muslims , then fucking prove it . 
  because the first three pages of google search bring up conspiracy theorists and white supremacist sites . 
   i deleted that comment because it served no purpose anymore . 
  did you not get that from my comments that i fully believe islam is a threat , a not just any threat . 
  the biggest threat . 
  so you did damage control because you were being heavily downvoted for being a bigoted shit ? 
   here [ 1 ] . 
  or you know , use google . 
  or you could , y' know , use a source that is n't blatantly biased in an attempt to make their opponents look bad ? 
   cherrypicking as always . 
  there 's no proof i can give you that would convince you . 
  no , i just want proof that is n't from tabloid journalism or blatant bullshit . 
  if you ca n't provide me it , you 're not convincing me . 
   as i said , islam is a danger . 
  no , you fucking numbskull . 
  bigots on both sides , people who come but not change are the issue . 
  there 's easily muslims who are doing great integrating and keeping their faith . 
  an example being the poor woman who had to leave italy , her own fucking country , because of islamophobic bigots . 
   we are not arguing about police here . 
  and well , if you doubt they wo n't be a permanent problem then it 's all okay . 
  minor problems ? 
  no they 're not . 
  and the more muslims there will be in europe the more of these `` minor '' problems we 'll be facing . 
  so you 're blaming immigrants and muslims now ? 
   not directly muslim ? 
  so indirectly they are ? 
  yes , subsaharan africa is in many cases even more backwards than the muslim world . 
  would you kindly stop moving the goalpost back further and further ?
