  would dare to say they 're not even turks . 
  ethnically turkish , politically a bunch of reactionary thugs . 
  fuck your sharia law , fuck your islamic sanctions . 
  turkey is defined by the ataturk . 
  secular and democratic , not the playground for tyrants with napoleon complexes . 
  the eu is bad because the eu is bad because the eu is bad . 
  i 'd like to see turkey finally turn around and become what it was supposed to . 
  a shining nation of freedom , progress , and unity . 
  much like what the ataturk envisioned . 
  but nope , akp and their horse shit makes me want to renounce my turkish citizenship even more . 
  not to mention the whole debacle if ` turkey is european ' or not . 
  personally think it is , but eh . 
  i 'd try it . 
  remove wales from premesis, 
  siege of brussels ii : electric siegealoo, 
  ` ey baby , wan na ride in my stock car ? 
  the oncoming shit maelstrom that will wreck russia 's economy . 
  that 's insulting the orks . 
  at least they have the balls to kill you and snap your spine . 
  puber just tries to pussy out the easy way . 
   christine lagarde ( imf ) said that we need more austerity : a regressive tax reform , the 4th labour market reform in 4 years one that this time should focus in reducing salaries of employed people * hahahahahahahahaha !, 
  ** psoe , please come back , we 're tired of buttmonkey reactionaries in madrid . 
  he 's been trying to put out his opinion and it gets slapped away . 
  begins demeaning people over it , and ` proving ' his opinion is right . 
  pretty much been trying to be a ` unique ' opinion in a charged climate . 
  or i think he 's just being an idiot and a troll . 
  personally , i 'd believe germany has already become a good country since reunification . 
  and to ask , would germans be willing to also help nations in need or people under threat ? 
  like for example augmenting the french forces in africa . 
  also , thanks for writing this out , it kinda makes me feel good for germany . 
  it 's actually really weird for me to meet them irl . 
  i meet so many on the internet , but when i go outside and ask , people are just so damn supporting . 
  even in spain , the middle of bunghole austerity , we still love the eu . 
  why does germany love the eu so much ? 
  i 've met a few germans in andalucia who really did n't like it . 
  not talking euro , the whole union . 
  seemed weird , really . 
  hence populists . 
  oh those norwegian farmers . 
  do n't want to join because spain/france would wreck it . 
  kinda feel bad for them in a way . 
  lifestyle is in threat because if they join the eu , it 's gon na be ap roblem . 
  that is an incredibly well-chiseled face . 
  nobody expects the putin !, 
  where is that second one from ? 
  france leaves the union ? 
  and my left asscheek would regrow by tomorrow . 
  all because more left-wing parties are coming into power , and you go mad with secession ? 
  the people 's parties and most centre-right are getting their asses kicked for austerity and other crap . 
  it 's a troll . 
  do n't touch it !, 
  it might bite your hand off !, 
  [ not even space jam can replicate the commonwealths slam jam . 
  and that makes it okay ? 
  i think stormfront and r/whiterights are joining forces inside the thread . 
  so you have no argument and you blame other people for it . 
  okay . 
  welcome to the cold war , it was just 'em pires ' vying for control in every part of the world . 
  due possibility the captain 's a eastern ukrainian , but there 's always a possible mutiny . 
  from the tsars to stalin to oligarchs . 
  personally , i want to see russia become a better nation , but it just feels like an endless conga line of depressing tyranny . 
  hence why i 'm thinking of reneging to being a european reformer . 
  we need to reform this entire system , fix up our nations , and end this . 
  i especially do n't want american firms polluting our political system like they do to theirs . 
  reform our union , fix a ton of shit , and rise to a superpower status . 
  only then can we decide is federalism is what we truly deserve or need . 
  a federal eu is a longshot , not gon na happen in the near future . 
  as much as i 'm a european federalist , that dream is a long long way ahead . 
  it 'd require unity and cooperation that we can not achieve when people want to push their own agendas and self-interests ahead of the eu . 
  the latter , well , it wo n't work 100 % in my opinion . 
  it 'd just increase self-interest and more relation issue . 
  there 's certain benefits , yes . 
  but a shift to more of a confederacy type of union would wreak hell on everyone 's economies . 
  as much as i do regret saying it , the euro at this rate needs to either overhaul along with the eu , or be dropped like its hot . 
  and we do n't need populism to abandon the eu , that 'll only cause more political and economic horse shit . 
  what about scones ? 
  woooh , economic improvement !, 
  also , anyone getting a ` pay-to-view ' window ? 
  enjoy the economic hardship that 'd follow dropping out of the eu . 
  followed by angry finns demanding a return to the eu . 
  and then rinse and repeat . 
  it never ends . 
  straight to godwin 's law , everybody !, 
  yay , an article in this subreddit that makes people feel good !, 
  except switzerland decided to fuck up in this regard . 
  no need to destroy switzerland . 
  but if you want to reneg on the schengen area instead of making your own laws on it ( like norway ) , you 're being a dumbass . 
  so in this case , switzerland needs to adjust their own laws and nobody would give a damn . 
  and then there 's people screaming about europe being a totalitarian dictatorship for being firm . 
  there 's also people blaming switzerland . 
  it 's peoples opinions , and even if uninformed or rash , they can still say their opinion . 
  people just act stupid when it 's not their way being made . 
  this , a thousand times this . 
  it 's better to find common ground and peace than to divide them . 
  drop the us v. them mentality and kick them to the curb , make them our allies . 
  and if russia 's middle class gains the power , we could maybe one day see russia join the eu or become a great friend . 
  ca n't tell if you 're being serious or sarcastic . 
  it 's not like the european union forces you to . 
  it 's your choice to either join the union and its economic system , or remain an observer state . 
  norway and switzerland do this just fine .
