  praise the new caliph , the return of holy sufist islam to turkey !, 
  / s i 'm really wishing this would n't be how turkey falls , but everything ataturk has done is for nothing . 
  ` practical ' meaning shooting immigrants on boats that are known to collapse . 
  simply pointing out that flaw , you 're advocating murder and violating human rights and the un charter . 
  what the fuck do you think finland is ? 
  north korea ? 
  i 'm turkish and catalan and i 've been seeing between the lines to see how practical we can get . 
  not only are you being a bigoted ignorant shit , you 're being one hell of an egotistical cunt . 
  so we should shoot poor people wanting a better life ? 
  kill them in the sea ? 
  you 're a reactionary fucker who only sees murder as the proper way . 
  i 'm fucking glad finland is better than you for this , you do n't deserve any power . 
  i 've lived in the worst of the worst ; afghanistan , sudan , tunisia , algeria , somalia , etc. , what have you done ? 
  lived comfortably in your home in helsinki ? 
  comforted with the fact you have a socialized system ? 
  you know nothing , ramblinrambo . 
  edrogan : bringing back the ottomans and shitting on the ataturk since 2003 . 
  sorry , we do n't want to become america . 
  do n't worry , bezb , you 're still an awesome mod imo . 
  sorry , we do n't like jingoists like you . 
  we 're not the us-mexico border , we 're the european fucking union . 
  you want to kill someone simply for being an immigrant , i 'm glad you 're not even remotely in power . 
  you 're fucked in the head , mate . 
  that guy ai n't right in the head , a lot of his things are pretty fucking extreme . 
  * you 'll never take my mead and wine away , soul-stealing milk drinkers !, 
  this sounds infinitely better than constantinople or istanbul . 
  transnistria can into putin, 
  would it be a similar analogy of going to an irish pub , downing as much booze as possible , and trying to dine-and-dash ? 
  i never implied we should become more like india . 
  i said there 's possibility that multiculturalism can work with effort . 
  unlike people saying we should segregate or become a monoculture . 
  and the partition was because india kicked them out ? 
  last i checked , the muslims wanted their own dominion because they believe the hindu 's would discriminate against them . 
  yeah , i felt a bit excited but then i kinda realized it 's india . 
  not exactly the best country , and it 's gon na probably take centuries for things to actual stabilize . 
  just hoping for a better future , mate . 
  i 'm completely for a european federation with these points : * an eighth schedule-like system similar to india 's that recognizes each european language . 
  allows them to be used at local and regional levels . 
  in return , english would be the official language of the entire union . 
  effectively allows states to have their own language , and keep our business end professional and comprehensive to foreign nationals . 
  * states divided between cultures and nationality . 
  catalonia , occitania , flanders/walloonians , etc. 
  in return , each state would conglomerate into a regional federation ( i.e. 
  iberian federation , scandinavia , britannia , etc. ), 
  * a pan-european model of economics modeled akin to the nordic model with a sovereign wealth fund . 
  * a strong , well-prepped european army with a twist . 
  our general army would be strong and advanced with some branches . 
  we 'd have our soldiers double as construction workers , akin to how the romans did with their frontier fortresses . 
  a swell , a gendarmerie and a european foreign legion . 
  effectively we 'd have well-trained soldiers and great labour sources to mix with civilians . 
  * what monarchies remain in europe would become a holy roman empire-esque elective monarchy . 
  effectively , an 'em peror/empress ' that all of europe can look to for pride and stability under . 
  a light in shining darkness . 
  * a great , progressive foreign policy designed to help european interests and her allies . 
  for our non-european allies , we 'd send strong peacekeeping forces when asked . 
  as well , humanitarian aid combined with a combined force to make sure it reaches target and is distributed correctly . 
  * with the united kingdom within the federation , it opens up greater possibilities for relations . 
  with an aim towards creating a commonwealth realm , it 'd give us a long-term edge over other powers . 
  though this wo n't have a schengen area , it 'd be a step towards a unified europe and a realm of partners . 
  * the federal commonwealths of africa . 
  with the surge of african immigrants across spain , italy , etc. , there 'd be a referendum . 
  if we had to , we 'd come back to africa to ` recolonize ' them without the same mistakes our ancestors did . 
  if they want european-like stability , they 'll be doing it on our terms . 
  an african realm that , over the span of decades or even a century , would be slowly remodeled with federal commonwealths that enforces universal human rights . 
  build an africa that 'd unite with us to create an even more powerful federation . 
  the fca would be divided into five specific federations : north , south , east , west , and central . 
  commonwealths would be shaped based on cultural , national , and linguistics . 
  no more half-assed cut up and run . 
  we 'll do this the hard way if necessary . 
  * the russian question . 
  with a unified european federation that sees a fine line from turkey to finland to ukraine and belarus , we 'd apply pressure on russia . 
  tough sanctions , squeeze the oligarchs by the balls . 
  as jingoistic and dangerous as this sounds , collapsing the russian federation may be the only way to end the shitfest it 's been since the decline of the ussr . 
  once broken , the federation would begin a slow , thoughtful process of helping the russians . 
  as we slowly bring russians into the fold , deprogram and have them change into proper europeans . 
  depending on public opinion , it 's either we stop at the urals or march on towards vladivostok . 
  as we go , we 'd create new federations and states until russia is now part of us . 
  * the [ atlantropa ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/atlantropa ) project would be resurrected to connect africa and europe together . 
  however , unlike the racist attitudes during its construction , this one would be designed to help the ef and the fca come together far closer than before . 
  new lands for us to relieve pressures of overpopulation , and hopefully pave a permanent tie between africa and europe . 
  * immigration policy . 
  in the extremely unlikely possibility that the commonwealth realms , fca , and european federation are formed in this image , it 'd require a greater policy . 
  a comprehensive immigration designed to help people integrate with the regional culture and language while making sure they can stand on their own two feet . 
  * a system devised to help record and collect cultures , languages , and practices for the future . 
  even as languages gradually die out , we 'd have ways to study them for time to come . 
  as this way , we 'd allow our descendants to learn from a world wholly unlike their own . 
  * a strong anti-corruption board . 
  nobody wants to see europe or a potential federation collapse to corruption like spain , portugal , italy , or greece . 
  methods to fight back against and minimize corruption would be emplaced . 
  * and lastly , for the time being , a pan-european constitution that allows freedom of speech , religion , expression , etc. , with no way to abridge or manipulate it . 
  it can be amended , but they 're firmly grounded . 
  this way , we can have the freedom we all desire with a guarantee that no one can take it from you . 
  even if this is n't completely what i believe in , this feels like an acceptable amount to convey to everyone how i 'd want to see europe go . 
  ** [ wish fulfillment intensifies ] **, 
  the sami called , they want their own union please . 
  too bad turkey would tell you to back off , it 's istanbul now . 
  no matter how much you want it to , it ai n't changing . 
  so nyah !, 
  that 's a thing i love about india . 
  it proves that diversity and multiculturalism works !,
