  czech yo ' privilege , heretic . 
  where theh ell is this from ? 
  it looks glorious . 
  but did he find india by going west ? 
  how about you both shut up before we spaniards decide we want our rightful habsburg clay back ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  oh yes , i did !, 
  i was just adding to it with my snarky sarcasm !, 
  fellow turk here , studied our history in and out as much as i could . 
  and yeah , the practice has gone on far before the ottoman empire itself . 
  hell , the romans practiced it in their own way , iirc . 
  turks used to do that ... in the ottoman fucking empire . 
  not today . 
  this guy is talking straight out of his asshole . 
  do n't listen to him . 
  he 's an extremely edgy teenager who think his party will win the elections and lead it to a new era of glorious grandeur . 
  [ fun fact is that the party he supports has literally no votes . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/congress_of_the_new_right ) reality is going to wreck this kids world view one day , honestly . 
  obviously by forcing everyone else into pu 's and modding so he can create colonial governments anywhere . 
   it follows a decision last year by national front leader marine le pen and the eurosceptic dutch politician geert wilders to form a loose alliance for the european elections , which they are hoping could evolve into an official group in the european parliament - if other like-minded parties join them . 
  yeah , with how much wilders fucked up , this is a wet dream for far-right parties . 
  cutting firefighters , police , and basic services works ? 
  leaving hundreds homeless and giving banks free money ? 
  i have high doubts it was even necessary in most reasons . 
  all it 's done is cause more strife with the people , and a healthy hatred of the pp and rajoy . 
  rajoy 's pandering to the conservative catholics instead of trying to work on furuther stabilizaiton . 
  they only recently called the catalan referendum illegal . 
  it was democratic , despite how i personally feel that we 'd be better with a greater say in the government . 
  honestly , it does n't feel stable . 
  it feels like more austerity is on the way . 
  could go any way , i just have a gut feeling of something going on . 
  spain 's getting increasingly strained , people are sick . 
  we 're already seeing right-wingers getting into power in certain areas . 
  something 's going to happen soon , and i dunno if it 's gon na be good or bad . 
  beyond just hungary , honestly . 
  winds of revolution can pick up if europe continues as is . 
  i should 've made it clearer , sorry !, 
  b2 treaty organization . 
  ( baltic-to-black ), 
  please stay in the eu , brits are always essential europeans !, 
  we need the kemalists to step up the game , and finally get accession . 
  or at least get edrogan the fuck out of power and charged for the crimes he 's committed . 
  sadly , the elections were bullshit and he ` won ' . 
  might need to call a revolution soon . 
  i am unsure of the legitimacy of the article , or if it 's just tabloid bullshit . 
  if it is , please tell me . 
  i 'm just the messenger . 
  yes , i blame everyone equally for their horse shit . 
  especially with shit like rhodesia and the linked article . 
  during the time , despite decolonization , there 's a shitload of foreign intervention that 's causing hell . 
  i wish we could actually help africa become a great land like europe/america . 
  one without trying for neo-imperialistic bullshit . 
  actually help people against shit like fundamental islam , ethnic strife , etc. 
  this is an interesting development . 
  i just realized it quite quickly . 
  i 've never heard the kemalists chant for ba'ath . 
  some shenangians are afoot . 
  everybody board the party boat to estonia , we 'll party the comments out of our heads . 
  the wonders of nationalism pushing powers to get the fuck out !, 
  more like nationals in africa demanded all european forces leave , and they were forced to draw borders that would cause sectarian violence . 
  but nope , blame europe !, 
  ( to note , i do n't blame everything on one side . 
  i blame both sides for doing incredibly stupid shit . 
  i just point out the issues with nationalism . ), 
  thanks rajoy !, 
  because islam and burning the ataturk . 
  what the fuck happened to the chp , man ? 
  this shit ai n't even kemalist or social democracy . 
  it 's a ba'ath takeover . 
  krokodil , definitely . 
  can i bum a g36 ? 
  depends , extremists tend to be whacko enough they 'd keep fighting no matter what happens . 
  but trying to open dialogue can help , in one way or another . 
  actually , the pkk and turkey have called a a ceasefire and began negotiations . 
  but that 's going nowhere with edrogan in power . 
  hard to really do anything with that guy in office . 
  in general , most of the extremists are still fighting , while the others are settling down . 
  currently , it 's talks and nothing conclusive as of yet . 
  so we 'll have to see . 
  and yeah , i 'm mixed ethnicity . 
  i sort of identify as european instead of anything specific . 
  i 'm an advocate for european reformation and a european federation . 
  welcome to ingrained racism and superiority complexes . 
  mixed in with contact coups and pissing on the ataturk . 
  i love my country , but some of the politicians are just fucking stupid . 
  i ca n't answer the former by the latter . 
  china will never take sides . 
  they do not care for russia , and they frankly give less of a shit about japan right now . 
  unless it benefits them , they 'll abstain completely and take no side . 
  i think kurds deserve the same citizenship as anyone else . 
  people get fucking mad over what the radicals did and take it out on the guys who did nothing . 
  completely against the ataturk 's desire . 
  and wow . 
  ah , i see now . 
  yeah , there 's a decent amount of them over in turkey . 
  i have n't been back to turkey , or my old home there , since edrogan came to power . 
  i 've personally refused to go back with someone so anti-ataturk in power . 
  they 're primarily the ` bread and circuses ' you see anywhere . 
  edrogan distracts the people that could form the base of the larger protests , while he gains supporters from other areas that love him . 
  these guys are all for him , but refuse to see anything else . 
  too damn high .
