  and then gets wreeeecked !, 
  nope , if you want satire the onion is the best . 
  are those some form of super-ghettos ? 
  subtle as a bald eagle screaming . 
  my moneys on eritrea . 
  more like operation schei\u00dfe fleck . 
  so you want us to genghis khan this shit ? 
  i 'm down !, 
  weird . 
  probably just a private thing like in the nordic countries . 
  would n't be surprising if there were people that did n't like the russian orthodox church , though . 
  k. really do n't care either way since you 're being an idiot . 
  oh great , i 'm a troll !, 
  now the mods can finally banish the big bad / u/kaiservonikapoc from / r/europe forever !, 
  you did it after you made the joke , mate . 
  kinda did n't work the way you wanted it to . 
  true . 
  i just find the parallels kinda hilariously morbid in a way . 
  might wan na add the / s when you make the joke , buddy . 
  wow . 
  ukraine has 62.5 % irreligious ? 
  that 's pretty interesting . 
  has it affected life as usual in ukraine ? 
  ** sell gold !, 
  buy tin !, 
  haaarp stocks going out !, 
  anti-usa stocks are in !, 
  what the ottomans could n't do in centuries took americans several short wars to do . 
  learn of the force of / s , son . 
  i was one of them !, 
  whataboutism gunslinger . 
  lik dis if u cry erraytaim, 
  wow , looks like it 's almost clear-cut a gov ' t victory if this is kept up . 
  wrong island . 
  isle angelesey any good ? 
  there will be no peace , for the dutch will bring nothing but hell . 
  i just want everyone from the smallest english village to vladivostok to have the * highest * standard of living in the world . 
  i want every european from every end of our great continent to work together . 
  i want unity , not discord . 
  nobody should be left out of the right of unity . 
  nobody should be left to rot while corrupted politicians spend public money for frivolous shit . 
  everybody deserves a home , a job , benefits of being a citizen to our beautiful continent . 
  we have so much potential marred by political indecision , uninformed and reactionary voters , and mercenary politicians who side with whoever suits their own interests . 
  so much potential ... 
  how in the name of fuck does that even work ? 
  my brain can not compute this . 
  wow . 
  hooray for norway !, 
  now export some of that delicious natural gas to europe !, 
  we will pay you in many monies !, 
  i 'd never have the power concentrated on madrid . 
  i 'd rather we find common ground and unite together . 
  no one gets one advantage over the other . 
  i 'd hate to see anyone under the thumb of the dominant party . 
  we need to have the people come together in understanding . 
  every community from lisbon to barcelona , bilbao to seville to come together in neutral ground ( geneva ? ), 
  and settle our differences . 
  we need to overhaul our political system , have support from low-corruption nations on how to weed out our issues . 
  anti-corruption and economics being the largest sectors we need to work on below politics . 
  i wish i could be like that , but i 'm horrible at speech . 
  i do much better typing , but words are just ... difficult for me ? 
  i just want everyone in europe to prosper and unite together . 
  ** [ russian apologism intensifies ] **, 
  it 's because there 's discord amongst everyone else . 
  the thing you need to know is that there were a lot of catalans supporting the republicans during the war . 
  hell , [ even orwell loved us ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/homage_to_catalonia ) . 
  but we lost it and franco cracked us down . 
  a lot of previous rights were rescinded and we were persecuted to the ends of the earth for it . 
  it has n't exactly left the older generations minds . 
  hell , i 've seen some people demonize juan carlos because of his enthronement by franco . 
  a federal system would n't work because we have no specific unity . 
  we 're divided politically , culturally , and linguistically . 
  i personally would love an iberian federation within the eu , but that 's a tunnel dream at any rate . 
  and as my flair says , i 'm hugely for a european federation . 
  what 's with the rest of the absentees ? 
  what makes him so great , if i may ask ? 
  i do n't really go nuts on anyone , but some people do snap because of it . 
  it 's a hot topic and it 's best to be careful what you say . 
  there 's a fairly sized cultural difference from catalonia to castille . 
  i 'm not an expert , but it 's happened more than once near my store . 
  the thing is not economic or demographic , but culturally and nationally . 
  spain refused to observe the right of self-determination and it 's caused a large amount of issues . 
  and it can spillover when a tourist makes a mistake . 
  is the bible belt a giant ` no fun allowed ' sign ? 
  we are goku , ukraine is our gohan . 
  now lets go defeat vegeta russia and take six thousand episodes to do it . 
  because , as far as i 've seen , it 's more south/western type of beverage compared to catalonia . 
  we 're very very anal about our culture here . 
  and we tend to get a bit irate when you discuss things like bullfighting and expect us to be similar to the other regions . 
  nothing personal , i love sangria , but there 's a thing about catalonia being catalan , not anything else . 
  whole deal with the rising nationalism around here . 
  why is france so neurotic on speaking french only , even if it 's a tourist ? 
  i 've had a few french tourists come to my shops and ask me in french . 
  i mean , i can understand a bit of french but they seem to be insulted when i speak in english . 
  might 've been assholes , but it confuses me a lot . 
  mutually assured turding . 
  those damn ukrainians !, 
  stop resisting our attempts to wrangle land !, 
  stop it !, 
  what about thundercunt or cuntclapper ?
