  ca n't stop the waves . 
  he injected too many marijuana 's . 
  ... am i look at the polish edition of the nazi 's ? 
  let us give him a polite golf clap for ` dumbest comment of / r/europe september ', 
  why does this subreddit play like a terrible yakov smirnoff joke ? 
  they 're trying to be creative . 
  / r/darkenlightenment is virtually exteme-right fascism , almost satricial . 
  then again , they 'd probably think europe is the bastion of far-right glorious fascism . 
  just look at how stormfront perceives us as ` racially aware ' . 
  and yeah , we got some pretty questionable people , but god damn you got ta have the brain money do some extreme mental gymnastics to think we 're white supremacists . 
  it 's a left-wing progressive newspaper in the us . 
  so far from what i gather it 's not really that bad . 
  nothing crazy like anti-semitism or far-right crap . 
  it 's been cited a few times by the us gov ' t and 60 minutes . 
  turkey 's going under authoritarian wheels . 
  nah , betcha it 'll be wyoming . 
  no primary language , really . 
  but i 'm pretty fluent in catalan and english . 
  i 'm learning latin , ukrainian , spanish , korean , and finnish . 
  yeah , that 's a thing . 
  scotland wo n't be in the eu if they do secede . 
  they 'd have to apply for membership and meet the requirements . 
  and that 's gon na take them years at best . 
  ** fuck you too , madrid . 
  ** time to hide my car again . 
  [ implying ] ( http://whatistheexcel.com/wooobooru/_images/6820679d997ffe862b79cfd7cdc97f21/9434%20-%20%3e%20the_jbl_and_cole_show%20animated_macro%20autoplay_gif%20gif%20implying%20john_bradshaw_layfield%20michael_cole%20smiling%20suit%20wwe.gif ) norway was ever in the union . 
  because murdoch does whatever the hell he wants to . 
  * yurop gon na reclaim its rightful north american clay . 
  i have no fucking idea what 's going on here , but i remember the original picture of that . 
  last time the british ` played empires ' , argentina got its shit kicked in . 
  ** the empire strikes back !, 
  ** that headline was just too damn iconic . 
  austria got shafted so hard , it became the shaft of europe . 
  you mean jewish afro-reptilian pinko lesbian ass-goblins . 
  fuck , we 've been had !, 
  quickly , back to the reptilian jew mothership !, 
  yes . 
  yes , you are being detained . 
  now shut up and get in the gulag . 
  ( also that is a fucking hilarious response . ), 
  ironic enough , the october revolution did n't start in october . 
  the russians were still using the julian calendar when it occurred . 
  truth be told , it happened in november on the gregorian calendar . 
  norris , i have reason to suspect you 're subverting the putinic government by hiding a usb in your rectum . 
  please spread your legs and remove your pants . 
  non-compliance will be met with non-lethal force . 
  thanks . 
  i 'm not too well-versed in american politics , but that was a very memorable shitstorm . 
  perhaps a misinterpretation on my end . 
  i do say we need to throw off politicians , but we still need competent * political * leaders from orders that we can trust . 
  not some politician who tries to steal money in the form of ` bonuses ' for doing their job . 
  as for the latter , i totally agree with you . 
  and despite not everyone agreeing , that 's democracy for us . 
  we 'd need to find consensus between or find a majority ruling . 
  wo n't know how it 'd go unless we attempt it . 
  i never implied a direct democracy or any form , dunno how you go that . 
  i 've been advocating people who know what the fuck they 're doing in office . 
  scientists , engineers , economists , etc. 
  besides , despite my dislike of politicians , there still needs to be a political structure even if it 's orthodox . 
  and of course there would be public input , i also accept the idea of e-democracy playing a part in gov ` t. 
  in theory . 
  has n't stopped putin from invading the crimea and ukraine . 
  and look what happened . 
  everyone else but the ` great powers ' are irrelevant in the entire process !, 
  nobody else can have a say and it 's ` do as i say , not as i do ' . 
  they have no democratic process . 
  dammit , demos !, 
  ooooh , i like this idea . 
  though this process would take a lot of effort , and a lot of cooperation that a lot of nations would n't play ball with . 
  politicians who 'd lose their power , national lines that would be redrawn , and the previously designed borders being crushed . 
  it 'd be tantamount to a total rebellion if it was enforced in any reasonable form . 
  and we could do e-democracies . 
  that 'd be an interesting method , despite letting radicals try to spread their world . 
  we need to throw off the politicians and actually make the eu a democratic order . 
  proper representation from all twenty-eight members on all topics . 
  actually spread out our damage so it 'd be a mile wide by just an inch deep . 
  central banking for the win , bro . 
  remember agenda 21 ? 
  that kicked up a total shitstorm in the us when it was unveiled . 
  their own right-wing party said it 's an ` assault on american sovereignity ' . 
  who on the fucking god damn earth thinks the organization * they practically fucking run * is out to kill them ? 
  what kind of mental gymnastics does a brain monkey have to do to come to that conclusion ? 
  i 'm not bashing the us , i 'm pointing out one of the permanent council members having uninformed idiots in office going against their own organizations . 
  the wonders of having a bunch of nations sitting on a ` permanent council ' . 
  you end up having the bad eggs sitting on it who 'll do jack shit . 
  oh my , it appears i accidentally rerouted a shipment of challengers and leopards to kiev . 
  my bad . 
  a death is a tragedy , a million a statistic . 
  not to mention a lot of people on here have the benefit of being anonymous . 
  and that brings out the worst in anyone who wants to be a genuine jackass without being reprimanded in real life . 
  people frankly would n't give half a rats ass about some american dying on their way to italy . 
  they would n't give a shit about a portuguese man hung in the u.a.e. 
  frankly , if you want an intellectual discussion , / r/europe is n't exactly the best place . 
  it can be a nice subreddit , but at times it 's just rehashed ` not our problem ' , ` not our fault ' , ` it 'll destroy our culture/language/nation ' , etc. 
  typical xenophobic talk in my opinion . 
  no one wants an actual solution , just some quick bandage and then ignore . 
  some extremes , like a few that have prowled the subreddit , advocate slaughtering them in the boats . 
  i can name one by name . 
  honestly , this subreddit is divided on an axis between far-right and left-wing . 
  hell , iirc someone followed some insane french right-wing that believes that being mixed race is wrong for some reason or another .
