   haha , you 're actually helping without knowing it . 
  keep calling people who fear islam bigots and racists . 
  i know muslims who are `` liberal '' what i 'm saying is that the word islamphobia is ludicrous because the fear is very rational . 
  get this inside your head , please . 
  even if the minority consists of 15 % of the muslims islam is still a real danger . 
  also considering the fact that many of them are radicalizing in europe . 
  oh great , you know muslims who 've integrated that 's great . 
  except you 're clearly a fucking bigot , and oh look you deleted your comment saying how islam is a threat . 
  trying to play control damage ? 
  and no , the fear is irrational . 
  it 's compounded by anti-immigrant right-wingers and xenophobes who believe their precious country is somehow going to be destroyed by the muslims . 
  and oh look , statistics pulled out of thin air !, 
  come back when you can actually give me unbiased , concrete proof . 
   a lot of people in the western world that become terrorists are swayed by their immans . 
  that is a fact . 
  show me hard concrete proof of this . 
   i dislike islam as a whole . 
  not just because of the terrorists . 
  read this and you 'll understand . 
  all i 'm seeing is a religion who 's grouping agrees on a core tenant , but then divides by what they believe in . 
  i do not see how this affects the conversation beyond the fact this is just different in what they do . 
   it 's definitely not a few . 
  stop being delirious . 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/1510866/poll-reveals-40pc-of-muslims-want-sharia-law-in-uk.htm[1] oh look , clickbait from a tabloid journalism . 
  not to mention the same site that 'll spin as much bullshit as they want , and people take it as fact . 
  give me an actual concrete proof that is n't sensationalist bullshit . 
  and even then , this is a group of idiots who think they can police others . 
  and time after time they 've been arrested or stopped the practice . 
  unless suddenly they 're popping up in every major city and they do nothing about it , this is just going to prove you 're using minor incidents for confirmation bias . 
   you must be blind . 
  the rapes , honor killings , sharia police , sharia zones , anti-semitism . 
  threatening people and killing for drawing a cartoon - what other religion does that . 
  many comedians do n't dare make jokes about islam because they fear for their life , and rightfully so . 
  oh no , anti-semitism that 's also being compounded by bigots over israel is happening as well !, 
  and the fact the honour killings and rapes show there 's a lack of screening . 
  and first-gen who are either refusing to integrate or are completely denying any other culture than their own . 
  yes , those need to be dealt with , but being a bigoted shit wo n't resolve anything . 
  and the sharia police/zones ? 
  those have been smacked down repeatedly . 
  unless they somehow become permanent , which i highly doubt they will , they 're minor problems by zealots . 
  unless they get physically violent , the police will do what they do and break them up time and time again . 
   yes , because this is a small minority of people doing this . 
  homosexuality is punishable in majority of islam countries , in some even by death . 
  [ ` small minority of people doing this ' ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lgbt_rights_by_country_or_territory#mediaviewer/file:world_laws_pertaining_to_homosexual_relationships_and_expression.svg ) . 
  wow look at all these african countries that have outlawed lgbt rights that are n't directly muslim !, 
  totally a small minority doing it !, 
   and this is another tactic muslims use . 
  silencing people . 
  i wonder are you a muslim ? 
  and i will stay here as long as i please . 
  thanks . 
  no , i 'm in fact not a muslim . 
  i 'm here to smack down bigots and racists as they crop up in this subreddit . 
  and you 're a bigot who 's refused to see islam in another light beyond the vocal minority of extremists . 
  and there 's easily ways to fight it , but nope , nobody wants to touch it . 
  thanks for this . 
  there * are * issues with some muslims and their views causing issues in the union , but the amount of hatred towards moderates and people who have been born in the eu and became muslims get too much flak . 
  it 's disgusting in my opinion . 
  * and the plot thickens !, 
  * catholics spread the word of their god by the sword , and colonized virtually * the entire world * . 
  they upended trade routes , forced natives together who 'd kill each other , and caused mistrust and hatred of people of certain descent in europe . 
  you 're telling me islam is ` backwards and bloodthirsty ' , when it 's pretty fucking clear it 's not . 
  all because of different cultural norms , which many change as they 've integrated into european culture . 
  but no !, 
  their religion somehow makes them violent barbarians that must be expelled from europa !, 
  the american evangelicals preach hatred and intolerance , and have caused lgbt rights in africa to be thrown backwards even worse than it is today . 
  and you 're telling me islam is the ` most backwards ' ? 
  you 're using excuses and strawmen to justify your hatred of a religion because you do n't agree with them at all . 
  just because of extremist violent jihadists , who are condemned by many imams across the world . 
  and because of the few who cause all this grief , you condemn an entire religion . 
  that 's fucking bigoted and backwards thinking . 
  get the fuck out of this subreddit . 
  we do n't need people preaching horseshit like this . 
  you 're pitting what happens in * all * religions for what muslims do ? 
  because there 's dozens of sects in every modern religion . 
  to point , radical evangelicals from america go to places and uganda and promote the wholesale slaughter of gays or non-christians , but do you see that in the news ? 
  and you 're putting what * radicals * do on an entire religion . 
  oh no , look at the history of the catholics !, 
  look at the fucking american protestants !, 
  look at the muslims in western china !, 
  look at the buddhists in indochina !, 
  jesus , this strawman is so dry it could burn half the world . 
  and it 's irrational all the same . 
  all because of radicals , the moderates are being assaulted , harassed , and give death threats by ignorant bigots who have no understanding of islam . 
  and you 're clearly showing both a lack of knowledge , and a prejudiced hatred due to a minority . 
  not the way i do it . 
  injected * and * snorted . 
  i remember going to trento on a business trip long ago . 
  that was an absolutely * beautiful * city and countryside . 
  reminds me of my hometown a lot . 
  no , there 's a point to it . 
  there 's an obvious distrust of muslims , and then there 's this shit . 
  it 's irrational to start hating muslims just because they 're muslim . 
  that 's islamophobia . 
  then again , your comment history shows your bigoted nature . 
  social justice russians . 
  hope it goes well for ukraine , even if it 's gon na be facing absolute hell if it gets out of the war with the territory intact . 
  they have declared jihad on pluto and will end its sinful ways of being a dwarf planet . 
  an example of the moderate muslims being shafted by radical islamophobes . 
  bloody sickening .
