  thing is that how can we do this ? 
  there 's still more than a few nations that have had a blurred church-state line for decades . 
  no point sticking around , already fucked up enough . 
  see you around somewhere else . 
  besides , do n't even like the daily mail , prefer associated press . 
  okay , bud . 
  glad you 're expressing your opinion and all that . 
  oh look , a racist troll . 
  how original . 
  i 'm glad we 've come to a good conclusion , friend . 
  clearly , i understand that illegal immigrants deserve to be detained and deported . 
  and i advocate comprehensive reforms , but force should only be used as a last resort . 
  when these people land , make sure they 're returned back to the port they came from . 
  preferrably without having to capsize the ferry . 
  and yeah , you 're right . 
  the world is shit , and trying to change it is hugely based on someones views . 
  always going to have conflict , strife , poverty , and such . 
  when can we actually change it for the better ? 
  probably never . 
   well either you can not write or you do n't know what your saying yourself . 
  or maybe you still refuse to see it in another light and continue to demonize me in your head to satisfy your desire for an enemy you can crush . 
   tell me what that does mean if it does n't mean that you take jobs from others to give to immigrants . 
  furthermore i said , `` so if i understand you correctly . '', 
  that means that i asked you if i understood you correctly . 
   i mean just this part of your post shows that you 're completely lost and arguing with you is pointless . 
  or you 've decidedly lost the entire argument when you brought personal insults to the table . 
  it 's one point to concede , and another to fight to the death when you 're going at someone for being wrong in your mind . 
   i never said i was superior i said i `` most likely have lived in countries than you '' . 
  most likely means that i am unsure . 
  you seem to lack skills in reading comprehension . 
  again , you make a point and not back it up with proof . 
  and you push me out of it without giving any hints to it . 
  as i said before , i 've lived in just about a good portion of earth . 
  i 've lived to see how humans can be and what 's right and what 's wrong with us . 
  you 've clearly come to a point you lost the energy to fight . 
  and it 's okay to concede and end it , i wo n't think any less of you than i do now . 
  so unless you can show me how your opinion was forged , you 're not being very convincing . 
  yes , i actually have . 
  i 've visited d.c. , and lived in my early days there . 
  might call me jaded , but i might 've lived in a decidedly * less * tolerant area because of my parents . 
  not exactly the greatest points in my life . 
  please do n't take me wrong , i do n't hate america itself , it 's a beautiful country . 
  i just have my beef with the country and quite a few of its people . 
  so you twist my words against me and try to paint me in a negative light . 
  the uk is one of the most tolerant countries i know , and was on a great track forward . 
  however , the recent spate with the conservatives are turning them against the people and more for the corporates . 
  who do you think would benefit from all of these legislations ? 
  and no , in fact i would n't . 
  i 'd call nato in if things get dire , but we as europe need to stand together . 
  a common army is better than a divided army . 
  you know nothing of my opinions , / u/eu _ conservative, 
  because i 've actually studied the us and compared it to modern european nations . 
  i do n't see * myself * as ahead , but i see europe as ahead . 
  i might 've made a mistake somewhere and miscommunicated , and i apologize for that . 
   so if i understand you correctly . 
  it is better to ensure that the immigrants have jobs than the domestic people ? 
  this would mean that we make other loose their livelihood to the benefit of someone else from another country ? 
   how will you find work and a home to everyone coming into the eu illegally and how do you suggest we pay for this ? 
  and once more you fail to see my point and try to twist it against me . 
  once again you try to change my opinion to suit your worldview . 
  no , i never said that . 
  i said allow them the tools to create a livelihood alongside nationals . 
  help them find their foot in their new nation . 
  i never at once said we should help immigrants over citizens . 
   what work do you suggest we give them . 
  we got just hit by the news that 4 million in spain are without a job . 
  should we not try to find them jobs within the eu before giving it to others ? 
  again , see above . 
  job creation is not the problem of the europarliament , but stabilizing the euro itself is . 
  job creation is the problem with the nations , and if someone wants to get a job outside their home country , they 're welcomed to . 
  if a state wo n't do it , the people will . 
   well if you shoot at them they 'll stop . 
  if they stop they 'll survive . 
  if they drive into the shots fired they decided to ... well kill themselves . 
  if someone shoots a warning shot , would you keep on heading towards the same direction or turn around ? 
  oh no , officer !, 
  these immigrants ran into my bullets while i was hunting !, 
   well then they can go back ca n't they . 
  just take ones two legs and start putting one in front of the other . 
  also what does spain have to do with illegal immigration form africa ? 
  the discussion is n't about beliefs of wealth or prosperity it 's them knowing that what they are doing when hopping on that boat is illegal . 
  if you opt to use a smuggler to get to europe you know that what you 're doing is illegal . 
  except when they spent all their money and have no way back ? 
  so you just tell them to take a hike and ignore them . 
  what empathy does a person like you give to other people ? 
  absolutely none . 
  you 're again missing the point . 
  they went there in the belief they would make a better life , just like african immigrants to europe . 
  yet they come here and find their hopes shattered . 
  regulating immigration is one thing , and it 's another to wantonly kill and maim as many as possible to prove a sadistic point . 
   yes i have . 
  i 've most likely lived on more countries than you . 
  i 've also worked with refugees in the conflict zones and i know from first hand that the ones that sit on a boat to europe illegally are n't the ones in most need of help . 
  they 're taking up space , and resources here from the ones that really need our help . 
  hippies like you are the ones that do more damage to these people than the ones that want to stop the illegal immigration flows even if it means taking drastic action . 
  oh , have you ? 
  why did n't you tell me this earlier ? 
  so absolutely anyone that is n't from these refugee zones are clearly up to no good and deserve to be shot ? 
  have you seen these people yourself , or even met one ? 
  europe has plenty of space , but it 's the empathy of the people and the decision they want in government that decides their fate .
