  your decision is obviously morally bankrupt and jingoistic . 
  name me the countries you lived in , then . 
  if you believe yourself superior to me in this way , put it on the table . 
  what have you done besides vague talks about living in x and y country , and working in a conflict zone . 
  name me one zone you 've been in . 
   hippies like you are the ones that do more damage to these people than the ones that want to stop the illegal immigration flows even if it means taking drastic action . 
  so empathy means i 'm a hippie because i do n't want to kill innocent people ? 
  i 'm a man for reforms and comprehension , not to make a fool of myself and my nation on a subreddit . 
  and once more , generalizations and painting me a villain you believe is wrong . 
  maybe you wo n't understand because you refuse to look at it from different perspectives . 
  not really , i just see myself as any other person . 
  i just know that i do n't want to be a corporates dog , or see european politics dominated by action pac 's , greed , and corporations buying out politicians . 
  if i did n't have a say or an opinion in something , i 'd rather shut myself up and watch . 
   well then tell us what your damn solution is . 
  what is your exact thought on this issue . 
  how about we put in a comprehensive system that allows immigrants to find work and a home , same as any national . 
  sweden does that well , even if people claim it discriminates against swedish nationals . 
  helping them integrate is better than throwing them to the wolves , like you 'd advocate . 
  aswell as the norwegians do , they must work to gain social welfare . 
  becoming a citizen should be top priority , not being a residential and reaping benefits without work . 
   what does that idiot have to do with this . 
  you advocate shooting refugee rafts , how do you think the international scence would treat you or finland ? 
  you 'd be seen as another brevik , not ` doing the right thing ' . 
   no personal insult there . 
  you clearly said '' ... so they never knew '' . 
  no one on this planet that knows about the fact that there is something called europe is so ill-informed that they do n't know that what they 're doing is illegal . 
  so either you think they are retarded or you are kidding yourself . 
  if they did they would n't pay a shit ton of money for someone to take them there in the middle of the night on a boat that barely floats . 
  and yet you still know nothing . 
  spaniards see scandinavia as a paradise where they can work freely and continue their lives . 
  they go there , open up a cafe or so , but only to find the cultures there do n't have the same . 
  they end up stuck in a purgatory . 
  you clearly do n't see my point , which is * misinformation and idealism * causing these people to die . 
  they want a better life , but they 'd soon realize they 're either dead in the water or facing more problems than before . 
  and yet you avoid another point , have you ever left your comfortable home in finland ? 
  have you seen the world ? 
  did you ever meet someone from another country that * is n't * an immigrant ? 
   you obviously are n't being practical . 
  do you know how many people there are in just africa . 
  where in the hell are you going to put them all and how will you in your dream world feed them ? 
  again , putting words in my mouth that are n't mine . 
  there 's obvious room for reforms in our immigration system that * does n't * need extremism to prove its point . 
  last thing anyone wants is another brevik , this time being finnish and gunning down immigrants in the streets . 
   well apparently they got the news that there is gold in europe . 
  or maybe they see europe in an idealized fashion , maybe thinking they 'd make a better life there . 
  but no , instead they 'd come there only to be gun down . 
  you , again , know nothing ramblinrambo . 
   well if you decide to hop on a boat to go to another country in the middle of the night you will expect someone to ask what the fuck you 're doing . 
  it is n't rocket science and besides , you claiming that they are so ill informed that they do n't know that what they are doing is wrong just goes to show how little intelligence you think they have . 
  oh , look everyone , he 's starting with the personal insults !, 
   well you 've made them very clear and i 've responded to it . 
  more like you generalized and put words in my mouth to satisfy your desire for an enemy you think is wrong . 
  have you ever lived outside finland ? 
  ever visited africa ? 
  central asia ? 
  europe does n't count . 
  someone does n't like me on the internet . 
  i 'll cry a river . 
  to quore theodore roosevelt , ` every reform movement has a lunatic fringe . ', 
  you 're that fringe . 
  you 're being vague and extremely evasive . 
  give me grounded proof an italian/sicilian man/woman was forced to leave italy because of immigration . 
  the us is hugely anti-socialist and anti-worker . 
  if you 've seen the news a lot of their states are against equality . 
  anti-gay legislations , pro-corporate legislations , it goes on . 
  compared to us , the european union , they 're reactionary . 
  ` forced ' to emigrate to the uk . 
  because everyone wanting a better life is * forced * to go to the brits !, 
  nevermind they 've been one of the most accepting countries in the world !, 
  your solution is burning everything we 've progressed and taking us back with the americans . 
  that 's not progress , that 's reactionary . 
   well if we let anyone in that decides to jump on a boat your ass would be sleeping in a cold cardboard box behind a urinal . 
  or i 'd actually be living in my house with my kids , instead of trying to be a fearmongering xenophobe . 
  i 'd welcome people in , but i 'd be practical about it . 
  your solution is just cold-blooded murder . 
   well depends on the situation . 
  if there 's a boatload of idiots from finland that insist on going to estonia after estonia has said that they 'll shoot them if they try again and yet decide to go they can blame themselves . 
  they made a decision and had to take the consequences of that decision . 
  again , cold shoulders for being a cold-blooded murdering jingoist will not score you brownie points . 
  no matter how much you try , these people live in areas where it 's difficult to get news . 
  many probably wo n't even know that * your * brand of finland called to kill them . 
   you are n't innocent if you willingly break the law and try to force yourself onto us . 
  so they never knew * your * finland would shoot people , how would you feel about that ? 
   well apparently your way of doing thins is n't working out and we have n't tried mine so you can not say it wo n't work . 
  us-mexico border speaks volumes of how impractical and inane yours is . 
  besides , you do n't even * know * my views , you 're trying to jam it down my throat . 
  congratulations , mate , you just made an ass of yourself for the whole subreddit to see . 
  suddenly , edrogan declares gdp \u1e25ar\u0101m and it mysteriously disappears !, 
   well are you saying it would not make them thing twice before hopping on the next boat ? 
  besides the moral ramifications once the rest of the world sees it , you 'd be facing cold shoulders . 
  how would you feel if a ferry full of finnish students were shot down by estonian soldiers ? 
  see it from other perspectives . 
   nom it 's in northern europe . 
  one of the most progressive areas of europe , not jingoistic wardogs looking to shoot innocents . 
   explains a lot . 
  and what the fuck is that supposed to mean ? 
   egoistic i might be , ignorant i 'm not just practical . 
  impractical jingoism is not a solution . 
  if you 've seen / u/eu _ conservative before , he 's infaturated with american conservatism and their economic ` policy ' . 
  he wants us/italy to become more like it , refusing to see other ways .
