   and of course , erdogan will make turkey rival the us as a super power in about 10 years time . 
  of course !, 
  we 'll blot out the damn sun with our bosphorous strait !, 
  we will deny all access to our canals that bridge the worlds together !, 
  / s that guy is bleeding patriotism , how is he not integrated into norwegian culture afte 30-40 ~ years in the country ? 
  also , did you ask him about the kurds ? 
  if it gets edrogan more power and hold off the upcoming elections ? 
  yes . 
  and i 'm rather fine with english . 
  the issue is that my homeland has nowhere to go . 
  pp blocks us , psoe blocks us . 
  we 're one of the four motors , and we have to take madrid 's shit because they ca n't handle the spanish union is collapsing ? 
  frankly , i want out of this , but i do n't want to see other countries have this happen . 
  they have it far better than us , and i do n't want my country to divide places like the uk or canada . 
  i do n't want us to be the shining beacon of dissolution . 
  not to mention i frankly stopped giving a damn largely for both parties . 
  if the psoe does n't want us , fine . 
  we 're fucking tired of being the guys who drag the rest of us around . 
  but i want the best for my people in a progressive social democracy . 
  however , we 're now facing the fact we 'll be removed from the eu and in greater the nato . 
  it will leave us open to be swayed by others that i would n't want to see . 
  there 's no way for catalonia to fucking win without facing the full-faced brunt of economic hell . 
  0 out of 480 in the sejm . 
  0 out of 100 in senate 0 out of 50 in european parliament . 
  you 're one hell of a delusional kid , mate . 
  their ` program ' wont budge to history , they 'll fade into it . 
  politics change as the years go by , and standing by one forever wo n't make it last forever . 
  kid , you 're about as delusional as it can get in this entire subreddit . 
  you think your party will have a sudden surge of populist patriots . 
  espouting something that 's borderline destructive . 
  and then illegally imprison and execute people ? 
  sounds like something that poles would never stand for . 
  as for you , buddy . 
  i suggest paying more attention to history classes . 
  sad to see your precious congress of the new right is actually a party of nobodies . 
  european parliament or not , you 're gon na fall flat . 
  and just wait until reality comes to you , buddy . 
  it 's gon na come fast and hard . 
  i 'm catalan , actually . 
  and i am familiar with history in the early franco years . 
  i also remember the pp 's bullshit mixed in with etf 's terror campaign too . 
  spain is still whacky fucky even after some decades . 
  who do you suggest we replace them with , then ? 
  i 'd see the psoe as the lesser of two evils . 
  but i 'm still undecided on my catalan nationalism . 
  if we do leave , what will happen to us ? 
  i do n't want to see right-wing populists or libertarians destroying my own homeand . 
  nor do i want to see a shitty party once again take over my homeland . 
  oh my , it seems you 're equating two completely different ideologies !, 
  you really do need help , friend . 
  might i suggest venting your emotions to a support group here on reddit ? 
  i have read mein kampf , and i do not see any correlation . 
  nor do i see correlation between left-wings and nazism !, 
  you seem very very angry . 
  maybe you should sit down with a counselor or a psychologist ? 
  your emotions seem to run too high to think clearly or logically . 
  and i was n't talking of you , but you remind me of another fellow who really needed help . 
  hah , you 're hilarious . 
  so the psoe is the people 's party ? 
  they 're far more fucking better than rajoy 's shit . 
  at least with the socialists , we wo n't see a piece of shit try to further the vatican 's demands for no gay marriage or abortion . 
  at least with them , we wo n't be in the middle of fucking austerity . 
  and last but not least , you 're fucking hilarious because they 're pro-eu . 
  they 're not bending over to anyone , only complying with regulation and union-wide laws . 
  [ i 'm not sure about finkand , but i heard finland 's military is not to be sneezed at . 
  ] ( http://www.forgetthebox.net/wp-content/uploads/2012/11/07-groucho-marx-mustache.jpg ), 
  i 've encountered his kind before . 
  the guy could n't make a cohesive argument , so he went on to attack me personally . 
  was a fun moment of victory . 
  how 'd you divine he was a teenager ? 
  last two people i debated over this were genuine trolls . 
  also , what the hell is a lewak ? 
  and thus the tories spoke !, 
  and lo , behold the fountain of shit spewing from their gullets !, 
  ' o god !, 
  that is fucking disgusting ! ', 
  shouted the queen !, 
  be warned , jeff . 
  the trolls will come back and in greater numbers . 
  do n't touch any of them , they 'll bite . 
  it 's a usual bullshit tactic by these fellows . 
  blame eurofederalists for all the problems in the union . 
  someone punch the queen in the ovaries ? 
  blame the eurofederalists !, 
  someone robbed a bank infront of the scotland yard ? 
  blame the eurofeds !, 
  someone stole a block of cheese from your house !, 
  clearly eurofederalists !, 
  they 're looking for scapegoats . 
  do n't bother , he 's been spewing bullshit out of his mouth into the entire subreddit . 
  has one hell of a hard-on about how bad the eurofederalists are and jazz . 
  some people just crack under the bullshit that happens here . 
  i actually feel sad for some of them . 
  hard to see an alternative when the government breaks democracy and destroys your nation in the name of the ` people ' . 
  rajoy 's a piece of shit , honestly . 
  i ca n't wait for the psoe to come back . 
  hard to say the entire protest thrown off as vandalism , but i can imagine rajoy 's government would do such a thing . 
  followed by passing more austerity and causing no end of grief for spain . 
  seems like until next year , were stuck with rajoy even longer . 
  and yet china 's business has been strangling certain sectors for those investing .
