  and not to mention there 's next to no investment laws in china that benefits outsiders besides a sharp decrease in cost and safety . 
  a business contract there is literally just a suggestion , not a binding contract . 
  they wo n't rake in enough business if their own businesses wo n't cooperate . 
  truth be told , china 's not going to survive with a growing middle class . 
  once it reaches the event horizon , china might be seeing an end to its the communist party . 
  or taiwan might finally return as the republic of china . 
  the question is how long until it does ? 
  the eternal words of tory : we do n't like anybody . 
  never knew that , surprisingly . 
  ca n't exactly do that either . 
  it 's a no-win scenario . 
  the battle of gallopoli would be a good parallel . 
  i have some severe doubts china would takeover us or eu economies , but if things have a huge hsift , maybe china can finally become a better nation . 
  also , thanks for the info . 
  and then suddenly a rogue finnish ferry capsizes your ship and they make off with your beer . 
  as an ethnic turk and catalan . 
  i 'd never want to see turkey go to war , but if russia forces its hand , i hope the eu helps in it . 
  but a turkish-russian war would delay the upcoming elections , and keep edrogan in office further . 
  which i seriously do not wish . 
  i do not know how i feel about this . 
  i do like the fact portugal 's seeing maybe a rise out of its economic shithole , but i do n't like how you can freely sell an eu passport . 
  i have some severe doubts any of the anti-edrogan folks would even get behind him . 
  [ he 's an authoritarian piece of shit going against what turkey stands for . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2013_protests_in_turkey ) but i can see turks and various minorities joining together to help crimean tartars , just not under edrogan . 
  a big giant punch to the face , and a dozen knives to the chest . 
  fact being , russia will never imagine a war with turkey . 
  besides being completely at a disadvantage , it 's going to be nothing but complete hell to take the turkish straits . 
  turkey 's already divided enough with pro-edrogan and anti-edrogan . 
  it 'd just fuel the protestors harder . 
  if this stability broadens , would it mean russia possibly collapses as a federation entirely ? 
  would be an interesting thing to see . 
  see it as russia 's being it 's big lumbering bag of corruption , but also as putin 's game . 
  sort of a sword of damocles event . 
  if they give it to the russians , it 's a giant spit in the french and the eu 's faces . 
  if they do n't , there 'll be an angry pack of frenchies and a snuffed russian navy . 
  in the end , i personally think france needs to knock this shit off and reconsider it 's contract . 
  and araund 's doing some damn good work . 
  i like you for being blunt and completely direct . 
  but i 'm sure ukrainian 's know that they 're going to be in for one hell of a ride for the next few years . 
  but in the end , i do hope they come out in the following decade as a new eu member . 
  yeah , if edrogan wants to get his ass hated even further . 
  it 's near political suicide . 
  i. ... what ... what context is this ? 
  besides , finland 's nationalism will burn a god damn hole through russian tanks . 
  i ca n't tell if this guy is being either a russian apologist , or a genuine fool . 
  and i 've met more than enough ~ ~ finland ~ ~ finns to know you guys are suicidally prepared to wreck russia 's shit . 
  edit : i ca n't into english . 
  and this is how russia fucked up . 
  or how about the soviets decided they wanted finland and got their asses kicked back to karelia ? 
  i ca n't even recall if spain even had a russian cheerleader ... 
  i think he smoked too much krokodil . 
  i 'd rather rub my face on sandpaper before we see the ottomans return . 
  it 's a big middle finger to the ataturk , and that 's gon na piss a lot of turks off . 
  ottoman crush tiny balkan !, 
  we 're looking at you , greece ... 
  how about ... an eu superpower ? 
  smoking krokodil ? 
  that 's a new start . 
  wonder if it turns people into ghouls ? 
  they wag their dicks at the finns , too . 
  too bad the finns will knock them over if they do anything . 
  they really do n't like mig 's flying close to their airspace . 
  yes , i fucked up what i meant to say . 
  did n't realize it until just now . 
  this must be what a literal shill looks like . 
  bloody hell ... 
  to who ? 
  the ukip or the tories ? 
  ~ ~ so is every other eu nation . 
  soon we 'll be rid of this fool and the eu can finally get back to life ~ ~ . 
  due apologies . 
  i meant soon we 'll be rid of these shitty pm 's and the union can finally progress ahead . 
  instead of throwing us into even harder austerity and abandoning our people in favour of some reactionary laws . 
  what a narcissistic asshole . 
  haha !, 
  haaaaah !, 
  i shall vote for the church of the militant evil presley then !, 
  it 's still inferior to the rhinoceros party . 
  oooh , it sounds delicious . 
  might want to read up on him further , as to why he ruled as an ` authoritarian ' . 
  might get a lot of flak from people who get it wrong . 
  as for that , there were other political parties . 
  [ and as for the ` military run governments ' , the 1980 coup was an american operation under the carter doctrine . 
  it lasted about three years , really . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/turkish_coup_d%27etat_%281980%29#american_involvement ), 
  completely agreed . 
  a lot of the shit that the church covers up makes me only be more bitter and angry towards their bullshit . 
  denying the law and protecting pedophile priests makes me believe your legitimacy is forfeit . 
  seriously , the vaticans full of shit on this . 
  my biggest issue is in my country . 
  our incumbent reactionary fuckwits , the people 's party , has tried to roll bad gay rights and abortion . 
  why ? 
  because they 're heavily dependent on our catholic adherents . 
  to me , that 's a breach of sovereignty that the vatican can go fuck itself over . 
  hooray for the bosporus !, 
  a unified message or statement that scathingly remarks how far the akp fell to what the ataturk wanted us to be . 
  finally someone with half a mind !, 
  if turkey became eu , we can gain both a perfect economic ally , and a strategic area over the black sea . 
  we 'd be able to apply even harder pressure on the russians if they decide to play king again !, 
  and the akp honestly are some of the worst imo .
