we fight in the name of the prophet putin !, 
  you 're a fucking idiot . 
  i 'm sure we 'll be met by the citadel alliance one day ... 
  spaniard here , i actually love france and its history . 
  i just make baguette jokes a lot because i love bad jokes . 
  the more corny it is , the more hilariously bad it gets !, 
  do n't mean to offend or be an ass about it . 
  plus you guys have nice architectural tastes c :, 
  with germans on a summer weekend in balearics , it 's always fun !, 
  he 's pretty bitter . 
  someone 's a butthurt republican . 
  or a military coup using it for a brand new base . 
  needs more islamic/byzantine arches , domes , and maybe a giant minaret . 
  do n't forget the clegginator . 
  and possibly be slowly dominated by the chinese market . 
  oh hey , this is the first time i 've seen rudaw get posted on reddit . 
  i ca n't really say for much about turkey , but i think one of the primary reasons why turkey refuses to help the kurds is due to the influx of pkk supporters . 
  lot of bad history between the turks and kurds thanks to the former being absolute asses promoting ` turkish only ' policies and the latter committing terrorist acts the past three decades . 
  isis or not , the entire thing is hugely sectarian and murked in a history of horrible actions . 
  but if it 's true , edrogan 's government just hit a new low for me . 
   turkey is supporting all the rebels but the kurds , including isis . 
  could i get a source on this ? 
  why do you think i am even defending germany here ? 
  i fucking hate fascism and the nazi 's . 
  i 'm just here to stop the ` hitler was elected ' crap , since it 's blatantly wrong and bad history . 
  he was never fucking elected , and he abused his power to gain an nsdap majority in parliament before using them to dissolve it . 
  * thank you . 
  this was a parliamentary election * after * hitler was appointed chancellor . 
  he was n't elected to office at all , but he abused his power to dissolve the old reichstag and influence other non-socialist parties to elect nsdap representatives . 
  they seized parliament through acts of violence and terror to suppress most left-wing parties and ban anything that criticized the new government . 
  this effectively killed the opposition and paved way for the nsdap to gain a majority in the reichstag . 
  shortly after , shit went downhill and hitler turned germany into his fascist paradise . 
  ** they did not get elected into power . 
  ** the fucking president of the weimar republic , paul von hindenburg , was pressured into * appointing * hitler as chancellor of germany , who in turn gave himself power through the reichstag fire decree . 
  slusny , stop telling them we exist dammit !, 
  we 're supposed to lay low !, 
  does that include [ this one ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russian_democratic_federative_republic ) ? 
  the shortest lived nation in known history that made it to the books . 
  the son or daughter of a muslim immigrant born in the nation they immigrated to . 
  there was a video of 12-13 british officers surrounding a guy with a machete . 
  they had nothing to counter it besides a bin and creativity . 
  i can only imagine how bad it 'd get if they had to fight chavs if they had molotovs and machetes . 
  haha !, 
  you will never defeat the combined powers of ... 
  the polish-lithuanian sith alliance !, 
  you will submit to the glory of the sith !, 
  the space britons will fall to the glory of the polish sith empire !, 
  first , the eu . 
  then ... the universe !, 
  the polish sith empire will rise to conquer the galaxy !, 
  the eu * is * multicultural . 
  what you 're seeing is pretty much a xenophobe being upvoted . 
  yes rotherham is a horrible business , but it 's hardly having to do with multiculturalism and more with public perception thanks to a shit media system . 
  they can spin it off however they want , any one who 's targeted is painted for whatever they want it to be . 
  once you believe your own lies , everything is gon na collapse . 
  clearly you 're from french indochina !, 
  it 's clearly the afro-reptilian national socialist commune of jewish warlords here to destroy our glorious soviet ways . 
  ah , thanks for the image though !, 
  weird , i 've seen more turks in my area ( barcelona ) support the iraqi kurds than the syrian kurds . 
  no real protests as far as i can recall , but i 've rarely ever met a turk who supported the syrian kurds . 
  you sure it was the syrian kurds and not the iraqi kurds ? 
  there 's 2.1 million polish dollars living abroad ? 
  catalan nationalist/social democrat here , i 'm all for keeping felipe as our king . 
  morocco has some [ beautiful forests ] ( http://static.panoramio.com/photos/large/19298331.jpg ) , really . 
  the fuck you smokin ' ? 
  i think he was complimenting on you living in the great country of mordor . 
  what 's albanian tv like today ? 
  somewhere that is n't germany , and have n't learned much about germany . 
  that was the best gif i 've seen this month . 
  that sounds absolutely horrible as an idea . 
  i hope this does n't become a trend for the next year . 
  why is it underfunded ? 
  seriously , of all the things germany can do they underfund their states/municipalities . 
  it seems like an incredibly stupid idea . 
  who the fuck decided that privatized refugee homes were a good idea ? 
  can i have a hug ? 
  agreed with full heart and zeal . 
  * `` ivan , do you know what 5 stone is ? 
  '' * * `` the fuck should i know ? 
  on a hand it 's bad that russia is descending even further into what it is today , on the other hand this means russia is losing big time . 
  they 've lost the eu and the us as trade ` partners ' . 
  iirc he got to power early on but has been abusing his powers to becoming more authoritarian in nature . 
  in truth , i think his popular support waned looong ago . 
  can we get a professional hungarian to confirm/deny ? 
  just the tip from gru , though . 
  you mean never ? 
  if it 's dutch and crazy , it 's geert wilders . 
  clearly this is the work of the ukrainian reptilian jews here to steal our russian women . 
  ^ ^ ^ it 's ^ ^ ^ a ^ ^ ^ joke . 
  ** i am assuming direct control of this form . 
   so the women are making that up just to hurt our beloved muslims reputation . 
  haha a true multiculturalist you are . 
  sweden [ 1 ] is the rape capital in europe . 
  and the right-wing exposes himself . 
  ignoring the fact there 's evidence for everything in excuse to blame me for ` defending our beloved muslim reputation ' . 
  and , oh my fucking god you 're making me * laugh !, 
  * you 're using liveleak of all places for ` facts ' !? 
  this is fucking rich , because all i 'm seeing is a bunch of junk info trying to confirm a bias . 
  not to mention the poster is spewing sensationalist garbage how ` sweden is falling ' . 
   you 're a bit prejudiced against fox , not all their news are bad .
