  frankly disgusting we even have that kind of train of thought still . 
  there 's a lot of reasonable ways to deal with this , but we 're marred by politicians in an amoral greedy environment . 
  hell , just recently a bunch of temp . 
  mp 's are trying to give themselves ` bonuses ' for doign their damn job . 
  the sooner we get politicians out of the scene and actual people who know what the fuck they 're doing , we can finally have change . 
  aww it 's alright . 
  thanks , though !, 
  ohhh , i get you now . 
  well , i was talking about the people who do stupid things , not the greedy shits who fuel their desperation . 
  i actually ca n't say , to be honest . 
  i never had a formal education in the sense i went to school . 
  does n't imply i 'm a fucking moron , just extraordinary circumstances kept me from it . 
  personally ? 
  i just found plenty of videos , wikipedia , and resource sits to learn about it . 
  russia is good for two things in fi ; m making : violent war movies and soul-crushing depression . 
  what would the red dawn be named ? 
  stalingrad ( 2013 ) and the brest fortress were some amazing russian movies , despite being propaganda as fuck . 
  then again , i 'd rather rate a war/action movie on their action scenes as much as their storyline . 
  oh , and if you want something fucking depressing , try come and see . 
  that shit was a wrench to the heart . 
  spain did n't want fc barcelona in their reindeer games . 
  they got wrecked for it . 
  fucking drop this shit right now and belay that bonus . 
  last thing we need are politicians getting their hands on our greens just for some odd four months of ` work ' . 
  politicans or not , you do n't get a bonus for doing your damn job . 
  you get it by actually working hard * with merit * . 
  last i checked , they 're doing jack shit . 
  i 'd love to have immigrants coming into the union , but on some grounds : 1 . 
  they learn english and the native language to the country they 're in . 
  help spread out to keep poverty levels down . 
  contribute to the eu in any possible way . 
  community service and helping new immigrants integrate would be helpful too . 
  willingness to disseminate their culture along side adopting at least some parts of the regional culture . 
  do it in an orderly and respectful fashion . 
  we know you 're desperate , but please do n't fuel anti-immigration fears . 
  it 'd be bad in the long-term . 
  that happened to me , as well . 
  take it , the guy who said it decided to try to create a rebellious off-shoot of the subreddit . 
  ( did i say that right ? ), 
  which part of it ? 
  the one where they think we should actually do something , the part that thinks we should all be swedish and nothing else , or the one that prefers the status quo ? 
  desperation makes people do stupid things . 
  and the bloating is caused by the release of gasses within the body from the organs decomposing * and * the various decomposers within the body . 
  the more you know !, 
  extensive decomposition mixed with the mediterranean sea . 
  there 's a lot of bacteria , plankton , and other microscopic creatures that have feasted on their bodies before they reached shore . 
  also , i 'm not a biologist . 
  i just like reading science books . 
  and no , i have not played with dead bodies or dumped sea water on them just to see what happens . 
  does the uk even * have * classes discussing the european union ? 
  i 'm thinking there 's a distinct lack of information of how we operate , and a lot of misinformation stirred up by people who scream something arbitrary at the top of their lungs at an opleader or the pm . 
  ( edit : but god damn , those fights in the british parliament every wednesday is hilarious . 
  it 's like a real life internet fight at times . ), 
  we 're yelling about how much we agree with each other !, 
   any and all . 
  even the serbians turned out to be pretty pleased about the peacekeeping forces , and have turned around to wanting to join the eu pretty badly . 
  if they can meet an agreeable settlement that 's drafted as a federation instead of by a few governments . 
  i 'd work by merit and contribution over some arbitrary design . 
  if you contribute to the union as a whole , you 're welcomed . 
  this includes economic , social , political , and historical value . 
  you 'd be surprised at how quite a few afghans took up arms against the us . 
  they had good intentions , toppling the taliban government , but there were people living in the tribes who took up arms against the us ` invaders ' . 
  granted they did n't cooperate with the taliban , but they did hate each other . 
  trust me , i 'd love to have a pan-european military marching to help our ukrainian family . 
  but with the damn russians , we 'd be in a situation where putin could have a knife at our ribs and enough ammunition to get russians behind the second cold war . 
  drone attacks are dubious in ethics , but they 're terrifyingly effective . 
  mistakes * are * made , but a lot of islamic fundies have lost many veterans when a reaper scores a successful strike . 
  what * does * bavarian conservatism entail ? 
   we 're currently doing practically nothing !, 
  we do n't need to assault `` novorossiya '' when there 's a million things we could actually do . 
  like economic sanctions that actually do shit . 
  like ( trigger ) peacekeeping forces inbetween the rebel territory and the russian border . 
  anything . 
  you 're god damn right we need to . 
  now lets actually get people in office who actually know what they 're fucking doing . 
  despite what you may think , i actually care a lot about ukraines and want them in our fold . 
  they 're european even if some asshole says otherwise . 
  however , we need to take this pretty damn carefully . 
  and by carefully i mean fucking destroy their economy with enough sanctions to make cuba look like a superpower . 
   yes , it 's very goddamn complicated . 
  just like it was in the balkans in the nineties . 
  just like it was in rwanda . 
  do you think throwing up your arms and saying `` oh my this is complicated '' is going to be good response when our generation is going to be judged for letting genocides happen right under our noses ( again ) ? 
  we judge ourselves at every fucking corner . 
  we judge pederasty in antiquity with our morals instead of looking as to * why * they did it . 
  we 're self-critical of our pasts , but we at least work our way to making the world a better place to live in . 
  despite the intense amount of cynicism i 've seen everyone push . 
  we can and will change , and we do n't need spineless shits to make say otherwise . 
  i want us to confront the syrians , i really fucking do . 
  but do you think a direct military intervention will help us in the long-term ? 
  who 'll be fronted the bill when 12 of out 28 decide to not front the millions if not billions we 'll gain from the war ? 
   the americans did n't invade iraq to stop a genocide , they invaded because of imperialism . 
  did anyone get stuck in an iraq-like situation after the intervention in the balkans ? 
  which war ? 
  the bosnian , kosovo , croatian , or the yugoslav wars as a whole ? 
   well yeah ? 
  i do n't see how remaining divided and not doing a fuck about ukraine is going to unify us ? 
  again , telling both the left and right to fuck off and finally unifying would be the best bet to make us . 
  finding grounds on any side is better in the long-term , and finding stability is even better . 
  but as-is , we 're in no fucking shape to stage a major intervention .
