  i do n't disagree with you , even if we both have different views on it . 
  i 'm just sick of seeing so much ` we need to stop this ' , ` this is too hostile ' , ` we 're not like that ' , etc. 
  it 's about time we fucking stop delaying the inevitable and fucking end putin 's crusade . 
  people are gon na constantly forget that there 's always a point where populations are gon na hit a wall and decline . 
  [ look at japan , for instance . 
  ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/c/c6/population_of_japan_since_1872.svg/1280px-population_of_japan_since_1872.svg.png ) steady incline from the 1870 's to 200 - it went to 120m . 
  and thanks to their lovely intense society , it 's now in decline due to a lack of family emphasis . 
  you 're married to the job and not a wife/husband , or even adopting . 
  that 's sure as hell a problem . 
  [ and look at india . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographics_of_india#list_of_states_and_union_territories_by_demographics ) despite some serious fucking going on over there , the percentage of change is decreasing . 
  and most projects are not 100 % accurate , they 're assumptions that exempt fertility and death rates . 
  at any rate , the human race will find a capzone before sliding backwards and hopefully restabilizing . 
  what do you think we can do ? 
  humanitarian support is the best option , including supplying ukrainian forces with our best operators and our best equipment . 
  however , we go straight in there and fucking assault new russia , we 're going to get right into a war . 
  and putin gets to stay in office another year . 
  you want us to go to war ? 
  do you want us to fight a rogue state who 's geopolitics include nuclear wafare ? 
  we ca n't fight them fucking conventionally . 
  if you want war , we need to go as unconventional as possible . 
  i 'm talking drone strikes , guerilla warfare , and a * total fucking embargo * on their economy . 
  i 'd rather have a world police that can smash the fuck out of any nation that decides it wants to stomp down on smaller nations for toeing out of line . 
  but no , we ca n't fucking have that because of politicians trying to appease a dictator in all but name . 
  and do you even fucking know what 's going on in syria ? 
  do you realize how much a fucking quagmire it 's become ? 
  it 's mixed between islamic fundies , government loyalists , isis , the kurds , and everyone and their fucking grandma from here to the ass end of iraq . 
  if we sent boots into syria , we 're going to end up like the americans . 
  in an endless eight year war that 'll cripple our fucking economy . 
  what we need ? 
  we need a federal power , we need a common economy and military . 
  but no , we 'd rather be content with nato doing a job that we should be doing . 
  we need to stop letting corporate fucks and politicians dictate our fucking future . 
  we need * one * nation , not twenty-eight . 
  we need people who are actually competent at their jobs . 
  no dead , only dreams . 
  right on , man . 
  * six million t-34 's for everyooooone !, 
  we 're not the world police . 
  neither is the us or any other fucking country . 
  the united nations could be the world police , but no . 
  we let fucking politicians into the scene who just want their next paycheque and free ride . 
  you want us to march into luhansk or donetsk ? 
  tell the germans to fuck off and bring proportional representation to the ep . 
  democratic reforms , or a velvet revolution to allow democracy to flow in the fucking union . 
  so long as we 're held back by politicians , we will not flourish . 
  mad jack and adrien carton di wiart won ` biggest british balls ' . 
  and most gurkha 's count . 
  pfffft . 
  i mix my drinks a lot . 
  it 's a lot more delicious imo . 
  will do . 
  ehhh , not a fan of mayonnaise at all . 
  i bought myself a nice ol' keg of it recently . 
  kinda mix it up with some nice red wine and serve with any kind of red meat . 
  really makes a dinner better . 
  just waiting for them to clear out the ethnic ukrainian and tatars then implant the hundreds of excited russian colonists . 
  itweet ^ ^ ^ ^ ( with ^ ^ ^ microtransactions ), 
  easy solution : lets scream until we get in office , then drive the country down harder than the death star on endor . 
  why do muslims refuse the moustache-beard combo ? 
  that upper lip looks so lonely . 
  lets butt in where the poles sell the apples . 
  i fucking love polish apples . 
  give more apples , poland . 
  get the fuck out of here you piece of shit . 
  we do n't need more of you and your stormfront buttbuddies in this subreddit . 
  yeahhhh ... with edrogan now gaining the presidency and claiming he wants to combine both executive chairs ? 
  turkey 's gon na get told to fuck right off in no time . 
  slusny_cizinec 's 495th account , standing by . 
  and we need to deal with orban and his shit . 
  he 's a putin apologist , and i have suspicion a conspiracy theorist . 
  he 's been trying to claim / r/europe is a hive mind of anti-putin or anti-russia and we 're horrible for it . 
  he constantly rides around crusading for putin and demonizing the west with asinine crap . 
  he * is * lying on purpose . 
  i tagged him ` from putin , with love ' . 
  they say you should n't start a land war in asia ... you should never start any war in vietnam . 
  dafuq is going on here ? 
  how about you get to spend five weeks on the party boat with five hundred high-class prostitutes and a butler for a year and we call it even ? 
  finland owns the smallest violin in the world and plays it with estonian beer bow . 
  too bad the violinist is almost smashed 24/7 . 
  hmm . 
  it seems like our current model wo n't be able to sustain without uniting politically . 
  we keep divided and all 28 will bicker over what we should do . 
  again , logical choice would definitely be more geared towards federalization . 
  another issue is the huge amounts of brain drain in specific regions of the eu . 
  poorly-optimized and overly-corrupt nations causing doctors , engineers , etc. , to leave for greener pastures . 
  what about the jewish autonomous oblast ? 
  i always heard of it but i 'm curious about if any recent news about the area . 
  for that matter , is it even a jewish majority anymore ? 
  i really feel bad for the russians that want change . 
  it feels like the entire country is stuck between a rock and a hard place . 
  has there been an exodus of minorities in russia recently ? 
  wow . 
  just ... wow . 
  it was * that * bad ? 
  catalonia is coming for your irish lands . 
  why did they even add that ? 
  scorched earth tactics ? 
  the entire time i played civ5 , i never found out why . 
  ohhhh .
