  i tend to be an intimidating monolith when in discussions . 
  and have fun living here , guaranteed you 'll never get bored !, 
  there 's quite a few ` full-time ' beggars . 
  sad to say some of them are just in it to be manipulative assholes . 
  ca n't do anything about them , but they 're not exactly pleasant people . 
  also , welcome to living in catalonia !, 
  best place in spain ever !, 
  just be careful here , it can be both great and terrible when it feels like . 
  plus things might change this year , what with the referendum coming up . 
  still , does n't mean you ca n't have a great time in the city . 
  enjoy !, 
  those are just one of the many features of barcelona . 
  and although this video was in madrid , we have [ these awesome guys running around town . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sk0tliuc-_4 ), 
  tell me , do you know their governments better than a native spaniard or portuguese ? 
  have you done your research ? 
  you are presenting circumstantial evidence of germany not wanting them in . 
  the spanish government , socialist at the time , joined the euro . 
  there were no ` eurofederalists ' at all . 
  it was a decision made by a state to join , elected by the people . 
  you 're making it out like it was a big conspiracy by corrupt bureaucrats joined it for self interest . 
  it was a *** democratically *** elected government who , at the peoples wishes , joined the euro . 
  you want to delve this into a yelling match ? 
  i 'll slam jam your ass into the ground . 
  you 're so damn confident its this big evil eurofederalist conspiracy that 's leading the nations to doom . 
  and suddenly i 'm the idiot ? 
  bitch , please . 
  i said that the european union was n't ready to become a federal union . 
  sure there 's people who advocate the thing , but they 're not always aiming at the soonest possibility . 
  play the fucking cards right in politics before things go forward . 
  jerking off to hating a union that 's kept us from collapsing harder than an ear drum in a rave . 
  ca n't argue against that logic . 
  it 's like saying we want to leave the eu , but keep all these cool things . 
  how about you stop thinking like that ? 
  switzerland wants to cut a deal , they 're going to get blowblack . 
  if they want to set up a system that deals with immigration problem , sure as hell . 
  however , throwing an entire deal out and saying you 'll keep everything else is cherry-picking . 
  and the eu does n't like cherry picking . 
  personally , i believe europe could one day come together into a federal union . 
  however , too many people believe it 's a threat to their sovereignty and would destroy them . 
  so no deal is gon na happen like that for a while . 
  swiss can decide their politics , but keep in mind what they 're doing with it . 
  be more rational instead of a knee-jerk reaction to the amount of immigrants . 
  do a system similar to norway for all i care , aslong as they do n't try to pull stupid crap . 
  with even half the number of foreign born citizens as switzerland ? 
  they make up 30 % of their population , not 50 + % . 
  i 'm pointing that switzerland is making an irrational step without weighing the costs and benefits . 
  it 's a knee-jerk reaction that is n't the right way to deal with it . 
  sovereign nation or not , you do n't drop out on a deal like a snap of your fingers . 
  it 's going to get you in deep shit nine . 
  i do n't hate switzerland , but they 're doing a side-step shuffle . 
  their politicians are doing a bad move , and the people are making the reaction . 
  they 've gotten themselves into this mess , and they 'll have to dig it out . 
  and the union is just reacting naturally to this problem . 
  norway is norway . 
  they 're staying an eff until they can find a reason joining the eu benefits them . 
  they follow the schengen area , but they 're not trying to directly undermine it . 
  they know how to deal with it , unlike switzerland . 
  if you were in a contract with another person , and mid-way through it you decide it 's time to re-negotiate . 
  would you think that person would be happy with your attempt ? 
  and if you threaten to give it up , what do you think will happen ? 
  the eu is being assertive , and suddenly people are screaming * tyranny !, 
  * even after people saying it needs to grow a pair to finally deal with this . 
  what the hell ? 
  not like you see norway trying to re-negotiate the schengen area . 
  you guys have it lucky because you have flexibility . 
  not to mention good pr rep. norway finds ways to deal with the schengen area without trying to be stupid about it . 
  also , that ` old deal ' has been a tenant in freedom within the eu . 
  just be careful of the roving gangs of old ladies . 
  beaches , awesome sights , creepy street performers , and clowns . 
  what 's there not to like about barcelona ? 
  it 's because of the schengen area . 
  it 's one of the treaties that switzerland signed , and is trying to renegotiate over . 
  and that does n't settle well if you think you can stifle free travel . 
  if switzerland wants to renegotiate it , they 'll be expecting a response for backing off an agreement . 
  so pretty much the european federal ideology is to blame for absolutely everything wrong in the eu ? 
  right , okay . 
  glad to see you blame an entire ideology instead of self-serving interests of other nations . 
  no really , good job . 
  seriously , what the hell is wrong with you ? 
  you 're going off a tangent about how the european union is bullying the swiss ? 
  they brought it on themselves when they 're part of the schengen area , and wanted to restrict it . 
  they made their choice , the union is responding . 
  if you want to complain at how authoritarian the union is being , get off your high horse and learn . 
  spain , portugal , and greece have always had shaky economies since post-franco and post-wwii . 
  it 's not because of the eurofederalist ideology you fucking twat . 
  it 's because of inept leaders and corruption . 
  the ` unelected ' leaders are elected by the european fucking council . 
  they 're elected as the leaders of their respective nations . 
  as well as the european parliament being voted by the people . 
  interesting . 
  and the red deer refuse to migrate across it , if that one article was true enough . 
  what remains of the wall , anyhow ? 
  except during euro 2012 , ireland got wrecked but damn those were seriously supportive fans . 
  go back to stormfront , gremlin . 
  it 's extremely depressing , sadly . 
  ataturk was a great person , but his words are drowned out in authoritarian bullshit . 
  not to mention the constant kurdish questions , armenian genocide denial , and such . 
  * riiiiight . 
  * totally not because they 're for diplomatic and economic reasoning .
