  at this rate , you 're just going to keep trying to insult me at every turn . 
  a superiority complex ? 
  most likely . 
  oh look , here comes the personal attacks !, 
  attacking my personal interests because you 're running out of room to be reasonable . 
  seems like you 're angry because you 're in the minority of fringe whackjobs of the eurosceptics . 
  so because i like something completely irrelevant to the topic at hand , it discredits me ? 
  good reasoning !, 
  good job buddy , you 're a real piece of shining work !, 
  a standard all humans should be !, 
  all because somebody likes a thing that you do n't like !, 
  you 're too hilarious to end this with . 
  please , do tell me how i 'm suddenly wrong because i enjoy ponies . 
  oh , and skulking around my posts just to find ammunition for personally attacking me ? 
  very well done !, 
  clearly shows you 're a level-headed individual !, 
  a sad depressing fact in the life of spanish government . 
  oh shocking , you 've provided evidence from 2011 , and not early on when the treaty was still new . 
  considering the eurocrisis started in late 2009 and has been going on since then . 
  you 're still trying to claim empirical evidence , but you 're still falling flat on your face . 
  you 're claiming the german wanted to g back to the mark before the eurocisis . 
  and what you 've provided is a single page copied out from wikipedia . 
  and this british politician was from 2011 , and not pre-eurocrisis as you so vigorously claimed . 
  it is not a ' * basic fact * ' , it 's your blind opinion that 's trying to claim itself as truth . 
  when in reality you 're throwing junk as ` proof ' of your argument . 
  you can throw the cheese on the table , you ca n't eat it , either . 
  you 've made personal insults at me , and try to turn the table ? 
  nice try , jackass . 
  proving you 're a conspiracy theorist with this whole ` eurofederalist conspiracy ' you 've cooked up . 
  not to mention calling anyone who supports the euro a cult-like sheep ? 
  fuck you , buddy . 
  and i 'm the emblem of ` ignorance ' in the euro ? 
  take nice long look in the mirror . 
  and do n't fucking tell me you know my life at all . 
  you do n't know jack shit about me or my life . 
  and you want to show arrogance , you 've proven it . 
  you 're not some combat-philosopher on a crusade to liberate people from the ` eurofederalist ' . 
  you 're making yourself look like a dumbass . 
  and anybody with half a mind will notice you 're full of it . 
  you 're not some ` veteran ' of these times , who understands the full picture . 
  you 're a fool who 's crusading an entire ideology as the big bad wolf , and then screaming when you 're being disagreed with . 
  well sorry i 'm not exactly in the loop with the edf , considering most news i 've received have been dismissive . 
  though , hopefully they wo n't be getting into power anytime soon . 
  * woooooh !, 
  and then here comes finland and slams germany over the head with a giant bag of euros . 
  then steals his wallet and runs off . 
  fucking rajoy 's at it again !, 
  next up to the chopping block will be a ban on gay marriage . 
  one day , swedishpsycho . 
  one day it will happen . 
  maybe not today , maybe not tomorrow , but one day . 
  100 % sure we 're talking about the catalonian barcelona . 
  seriously , i 'm surprised to hear this . 
  i 've lived here for a long time , and there 's been a few times i had to pay bribes . 
  but i swear i never paid this shit for bad reasons . 
  well ... that 's one way to vandalize property . 
  do n't think it 's my fault , i was just responding to how i saw it . 
  but thank you for clearing it up for us !, 
  and on topic , the brits have greater autonomy . 
  the ukip 's being a bunch of silly nutters like usual . 
  ` well-established facts ' that are circumstantial and without proof . 
  i know what the hell i am talking about , and i know the criticism . 
  you 're avoiding providing the facts by trying to undermine myself . 
  i find it so damn hilarious you 're trying to paint yourself as well-educated , when you ca n't provide jack shit as proof . 
  oh by the pantheon , you 're hilarious . 
  now eurofederalists are a cult !? 
  monty python would love to mock you . 
  by the way , insulting me because you ca n't provide facts is showing you 're losing ground . 
  i can keep running all day with this , you 're making me laugh at your foolishness . 
  i can stay here because i at least have a grasp of the system . 
  you , on the other hand , are using bullshit to propel yourself up shit creek and it 's running low . 
  let me ask you , were you in it ? 
  and there were n't just exclusively ` eurofederalists ' . 
  there were everybody in the spectrum except eurosceptics . 
  you 're pitting the entire blame on one ideology for a centralized currency . 
  no , you 're not sorry . 
  you 're being a bullheaded ignorant shit who 's mistakenly thinking he 's right at every turn . 
  show me your proof , show me these ` polls ' you speak of . 
  do tell me where people have been against the maastricht treaty before you go on spewing your bullshit . 
  there were no fanatics , you 're demonizing an entire ideology for stupid and fucked up reasons . 
  you think they forced it onto everybody , but in truth the euro is n't a requirement . 
  if it was requirement , why are the krona still in use ? 
  or the francs ? 
  see , here 's your true colours . 
  you 're a conspiracy theorist espouting bullshit to try and make yourself look good . 
  suddenly this is a bureaucratic scheme to cause unemployment , when in truth with was a global banking issue . 
  you are full fo shit , and walways will be full of shit . 
  the swiss are not being bullied , either . 
  they decided to want to pull on a treaty , but keep everything else ? 
  tryign to cherry pick what they want instead of doing something different , like norway . 
  you see this in one narrow vision , you 're blind to facts and truth . 
  get your bullshit out of this subreddit . 
  you 're acting like such a superior fuckhead with your flawed reasoning , it 's making me laugh . 
  i feel sorry for you , and the bullshit you believe . 
  no , figs . 
  must 've missed the memo . 
  well , they 're failing miserably as far as i 've seen . 
  become a bunch of fringe whackjobs who blame one thing for every issue in the known universe . 
  are they turning into the next westboro baptist church now ? 
  good luck !,
