  enjoy even more oligarchs and repression . 
  oh , not to mention the economic domination by china . 
  yes , carlos i is completely ceremonial , as dictated in the constitution . 
  though he 's also our commander-in-chief , unlike our pm . 
  most likely abuela is having republican sentiments . 
  a very silly thing that 's trying to spread , and usually failing . 
  gon na french revolution this shit out the window . 
  consider certain types of tanks . 
  most of the main battle tanks today are fat and clunky . 
  before , light tanks and certain mediums would 've been more useful . 
  and it never stopped the prc from using it in tienanmen square . 
  but yeah , in general , it would be the worst idea to even think of a tank in this situation . 
  because money money moneeeey ~, 
  thank you for the read !, 
  well ... 
  i live an ocean way in the eastern direction , so yeah . 
  wish i could !, 
  damn , seems like such a great place . 
  you could still volunteer there , right ? 
  if you love it , it could become a great past time !, 
  kill my antelope , i 'd want to beat you with my fists . 
  i love wild animals , and i do hunt , but i hunt for every piece of the body . 
  not for sport or anything disgusting like that . 
  but i love a lot of wild animals !, 
  and glad they got punished , at least !, 
  god dammit , that 's some serious overextension . 
  how the hell do they expect a person to patrol that entire region !? 
  and it still does n't matter to me . 
  be it a national park or just a wildlife refuge , you should n't be a stupid asshole and do this wantonly . 
  within the proper reasoning and such , it 's perfectly okay . 
  what they do are seriously not okay with me . 
  by asgard and sovngarde , that rustled my jimmies like you would n't believe . 
  they 've tried all this shit , and they have n't been deported or anything ( depending on if they 're naturalized ) ? 
  that 's already getting down and dirty . 
  were park rangers allowed to carry tasers or other less-than-lethals ? 
  even with restraint , i doubt i could ever show any restraint to jackasses like that . 
  that 's just being a downright cruel asshole . 
  i just feel bad for the few that really want to make a difference . 
  they 're going to be shafted and thrown around unless they drop their entire heritage . 
  these ... fuckers who break laws just because they 're raised to just disgust me . 
  especially on national park land , that 's just unforgivable to me . 
  and i do n't hold it against you . 
  thank you for sharing this with me . 
  gives me somewhat of a new perspective !, 
  not all of them are jackasses and evil people , but the stigma is just too strong against them for it to change . 
  wow . 
  and , even as i 've encountered my fair share of good and bad romani . 
  why do you personally have a negative view of them ? 
  i 'm interested to know . 
  they 're kicked out and they come back . 
  can anyone shed some slight when they keep coming back to a country that hates them this much ? 
  because you 're the one being on target the whole time while trying to smear me . 
  and the fact you 've already called me on enjoying ponies is already showing you have no further legitimacy . 
  and once again , back to the ` eurofederalists ' . 
  democracies are flawed , all forms of governments are flawed . 
  what would you prefer ? 
  a europe divided , a europe with no economic unity , or none at all ? 
  these arguments shown in democratic deficit point out political apathy and general disinterest . 
  this is no ` eurofederalist ' issue , it 's a european union issue . 
  if you want to change a government , then change it through democracy . 
  if you 're apathetic to elections , then why would you care ? 
  riiiight . 
  because the big bad eurofederalists overturn everything that they try to put out ? 
  because they elected people that will claim they 'll secede from the union . 
  no , it 's clear politicians do n't care for what people want . 
  you 're clearly adding everything up to a single ideology . 
  you 're delusional to the point you wo n't accept reality . 
  and you 've proven that you 'd go to length to try and smear me . 
  you treat it like it 's black and white , when in truth it 's gray . 
  you 're doing nothing but repeating yourself over what 's a glorified conspiracy theory . 
  riiiight . 
  now you go straight into calling me a pervert over ambiguous ` sexuality ' over ponies . 
  and you really believe you 'd piece together a my life story just because of reddit ? 
  please , that 's an excuse just to find ammunition and try to anger me . 
  and these were just the germans . 
  just one group of people in a poll survey . 
  how does that represent the entire deutschland ? 
  it seems like polls are used a empirical evidence when in fact they 're polled to a specific amount of people . 
  and yet the people in parliament are in turn , elected by the people . 
  the council makes up the prime ministers . 
  if you do n't think they represent your interests , then you can elect a new one . 
  if that fails , it means the people who elected that prime minister/president is not the one you choose . 
  simple , the swiss did not go against this seemingly omnipotent ` eurofederalists ' . 
  they decided to pull back a deal that could potentially screw over the nation . 
  the people decide it , but is it the best for the nations . 
  the european union responded just as any other nation would if they try to pull back on a deal . 
  you 're deluding yourself if you think this is because of the ` eurofederalists ' . 
  it 's a swiss problem , and they started it . 
  you 're putting the blame on people who decided to respond reasonably . 
  the ` eurofederalists ' did n't want switzerland to pull back on what 's esentially a given right . 
  even in norway they do n't have the schengen area ` renegotiated ' , they have a system that allows free travel but does n't go against the union entirely . 
  and still going on about questioning my sexuality and what i find interest in ? 
  great , you 're really being level-headed here . 
  and yet they still operate it despite a supposed majority being against it ? 
  there 'd be a referendum to either leave the euro or keep it . 
  and yet there is n't . 
  you 've given me two pieces from two different decades . 
  one where the euro was taking off , and another where the euro has faced a crisis . 
  one is not interchangable with the other . 
  and you 're looking to be a bullheaded conspiracy theorist who 's going to endlessly blame either the eurofederalist , or the left-wing for every issue .
