because if we fence off macedonia , the country collapses , and then you also have macedonians fleeing . 
  it 's completely out of the question . 
  old habits die hard , i guess . 
  because they will always have value , even if all the world 's currencies go down overnight . 
   round 19283102 ftfy . 
  election time in croatia . 
  could you guys hurry up with those elections so we can go back to the standard passive-aggressiveness ? 
  our words are backed with nuclear diplomatic options !, 
  no one ended up in the er . 
  well i 'm no expert , but it seems to have tracks , a gun , probably an engine and it 's painted green , so all in all , well done . 
  attack with sharpened steel !, 
  i think the past 25 years of russia can be summed up as `` look west , look east , look west , look east , drink and cry '', 
  dance , little puppets , dance !, 
   one such group is media . 
  who elected them ? 
  is this guy serious ? 
  `` police !, 
  stop !, 
  put down your batons ! '', 
  `` no , we 're the police , you stop and put down your batons ! '', 
  `` no , we 're the real police ! ... '', 
  honestly , the less i hear about the french , the more it seems to me like they 're in some deep , deep shit , probably economically , and they 're being told to shut up , smile and nod or they 're in for a world of pain . 
  do n't forget passive-aggressiveness . 
  fuck that , profits come first . 
  well i 'm not saying you ca n't be , an oppressor , i 'm just saying you 're not yet . 
  so follow your dreams !, 
  downvoted for stuff . 
  no problem mate , that 'll be 50 million euros , we accept cash , loot , towns or visa electron . 
  you ca n't tell us what to do you 're not out real oppressor, 
  downvoted for the continuation of the continuation of the cycle . 
  i 'm pretty sure they 'll learn the meaning of those signs really quickly . 
  yep , do n't worry , everything is prepped and ready for his arrival . 
  do we need to go up there and do some hesitation removal or what ? 
  that title is such a mess , at first i thought they beat him with a koran, 
  i propose that , as a sign of our thanks for the offer , we build 200 christian churches in riyadh, 
  hahahah , yeah , i suppose there are :d, 
  that 's because american is not a nationality , it 's a brand . 
  i honestly sometimes feel bad for the man . 
  his only task is to say something about brotherhood with russia once every two months to keep the nationalist vote with the party , then go home and make rakia cause he does n't actually have any power to do anything . 
  if anything makes this whole thing explode , it wo n't be the migrants , but the media which ca n't stop jerking off to how humane we are being . 
  it 's honestly gag-worthy . 
  [ we really should just use the same melody for all slavic anthems , then just sing along whatever comes to mind . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i-td-zzbw6g ), 
  bullshit , nords are the one who created the bloody empire in the first place , now they wan na get out cause it 's hit some bad times ? 
  ulfric just seems like a petty , opportunistic warlord to me . 
  also , this should really be in \\ gaming , should n't it ? 
  but at least you get to choose what the puppet looks like !, 
  is n't freedom glorious ? 
  yeah , they 've been trying to become self-reliant as far as oil is concerned . 
  serbia : beat the germans in basketball yesterday . 
  no other news will be reported for the duration of the party . 
  did n't help them last time . 
  except the only thing that 's gon na change is that , instead of spreading democracy and fighting terrorism , they 'll be back to defending the world from russians by setting it on fire . 
  tripe soup for the tripe soup god !, 
  military interests  oil interests , and saudis are still massive buyers . 
  today you learned you need to get to an ophthalmologist pronto . 
  to nobody 's surprise , states that do nothing for their citizens also do nothing for refugees . 
  [ try this one . 
  ] ( http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2015/05/27/world-cup-slaves-it-gets-worse.html ), 
  dude , i just checked , and he 's got even less actual power than our president , which means less than fuck all . 
  sickest burn i 've heard in a while . 
  have an upvote , that made me laugh :d, 
   american billions : how the usa fund 's ngo 's in the whole world . 
  ftfy . 
  outrage about outrage is the new outrage, 
  so ... is trump also a soviet agent then ? 
  well , they did get a lot of practice . 
  or the test skews the results, 
  `` screw you guys , i 'm going home ! '', 
  right , my points was , the 31 is an interceptor . 
  is someone expecting isis to suddenly bring up b-52s they 've been hiding in caves all this time ? 
  ... what the fuck are they gon na do with mig-31s ? 
  he 's a pole in bulgaria, 
  i generally consider tests like this one to be total shite unfit for anything other than facebook posts for dingbats , but then it pleasantly surprised me by putting me right next to the green party . 
  dude 's ex-cia , and recordings are from a time before internet . 
  obviously i ca n't verify this , but i 'm pretty sure he 's legit . 
  you sure put that bloody peasant in his place . 
   isreal will hopefully know when it 's a russian jet ftfy . 
  i 'm not suggesting they are deliberately going to start shooting down russians , but mistakes happen , and also things like [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/uss_liberty_incident ) . 
  listen to some of john r. stockwell 's speeches on youtube , then come back and and tell him he 's paranoid . 
  they did shoot down a syrian one , just a few months ago . 
  i mean , it did get into israel 's airspace , and man , those guys are not famous for having a high tolerance for shit like that . 
  we 'll see how this turns out . 
  it 's good that years after monty python ended , someone is finally picking up the slack to bring us some laughs . 
  not sure if the police were the right choice for the job , but who knows ? 
  i mean , this sketch is certainly a good sample , hope there 's more like it coming !, 
  oh boy is this gon na get interesting when israel shoots down a russian plane . 
  you 're asking a romanian to explain to you what a song by a slovenian band sung in serbian mixed with arabian and german means as it was sung to syrian refugees . 
  truly , this is a beautiful moment . 
  why would n't he sing it ? 
  because we are the people who 's solution to that kind of thing is violence . 
  no / s needed here . 
  seriously , the day it appeared here it was greeted like the second coming or something . 
  never forget scottish higher institute of technological excellence, 
  i do n't exactly know when did it start , but i found out that apparently , no , you ca n't shout as much as you want in your own country , and if you do , nice people in snazzy blue suits with guns come up to you and politely ask you to stop . 
  someone who 's planning to ruin it ? 
  the only site that actually has those quotes is , in fact , telegraph . 
  but please , by all means , proceed with this preemptive outrage . 
   lost some disgusting dirt thatsthejoke.jpg, 
  i do n't know why , but it just seems like it lost something there .
