  ftfy, 
  that picture of obama that accompanied the article is pure gold . 
  was n't there a law passed there recently that made disclosing military deaths in peacetime illegal ? 
  nice quote , but this is politics we 're talking about . 
  that man is the face of professionalism . 
  so very nice . 
  that 's a pretty massive skew right there . 
  oh god , that video was golden , thank you for sharing :d, 
  maybe if we 're lucky , they 'll just die in heat and the problem will solve itself . 
  truly , it takes great men to show such humility in the face of defeat . 
  what an offensively outrageous suggestion to make . 
  scandalous , preposterous , atrocious even !, 
  incredibly so . 
  it also means `` waiter '' in serbian . 
  it 's not relevant , just slightly amusing . 
  who also provided education , healthcare and stability to the general public ( excluding kurds and dissidents ) in the country he ran . 
  try to keep up with what the conversation was about . 
  hardly . 
  afaik the worst crime they 've committed so far is stealing some guy 's shoes and waking up a store owner in the middle of the night , demanding he open it up for business . 
  most important part of that article :  a tentative coup d'\u00e9tat planned in october 1984 failed when the military unit assigned to carry out the plan was sent to harvest maize instead . 
  zhirinovsky should always be the news , and i propose a special flair/tag with his face , so you know you 're in for some entertainment . 
  the greater good . 
  war , war , war , war , war and probably some more war . 
  plot twist : nk cured cancer . 
  i guessed before clicking , do i get a prize ? 
  this is such a golden moment . 
  not if the buyer ca n't get it from another place . 
  the air current that 's created when , for example , you open a window in your room . 
  well , he is really , really good at marketing , getting control of the media and the message they send , while also recruiting as many people as possible into his party , so it 's kind of inevitable . 
  meanwhile , the opposition seems to be mostly busy with masturbation . 
  what confuses you ? 
  for the greater good . 
  i do n't think it 's deliberate , i think they 're just lazy , incompetent and bad at their jobs , so now they want the euro governments to fix the mess they got themselves into . 
  at first i read this as `` cia committed to torture in baltics ... '' and thought `` what a refreshingly honest headline '' . 
  they feel like they earned it , just like every country with a good living standard . 
  is that a good enough answer ? 
  `` chief economic priorities of the republic of serbia are maintaining macroeconomic stability , improving the dynamic of economic growth , maintaining price stability and increasing employment and living standards in the function of it 's social policies , especially through faster pace of economic reforms and attracting foreign investors . 
  process of privatization should be finished . 
  negotiations about membership in wto continue , in parallel with inclusion of the republic of serbia in eu and global markets . 
  * also continued are reforms and liberalization of markets of goods and services , especially financial services . 
  * excerpt from the recent ipap agreement serbia signed with nato a few months back ( italics added by me ) . 
  the whole document consists of 4 segments , first one about our foreign and internal policies , economy , rule of law , etc. , second is about military , third about diplomacy , science , media and handling crisis situations , fourth one about protecting secret data . 
  i realize now there were easier ways to say `` it 's not just about defense '' , but you get my point , hopefully . 
  one of those two things is probably coming inside your borders soon . 
  guess which one !, 
  oh well , this is bound to end in happy dancing and joyful laughter and everything is going to be perfect forever and ever till the end of time . 
   i 'm sure all of them are good at something . 
  that was one of the most beautifully subtle `` fuck you , people '' i have ever seen , and i think i love you for it . 
  i always figured it was the big business . 
  difference being , russia is a country , eu still is n't . 
  there 's a joke over here that goes like `` it 's not bravery to go to zagreb , climb the statue of ban jela\u010di\u0107 , extend three fingers and yell `` this is serbia ! '' . 
  bravery is coming down . '', 
  i propose you people adopt serbian spelling practices and be done with it . 
  no , because they effectively are n't doing anything to take over the universe as is their birthright . 
  [ would you like to buy some ? 
  ] ( http://www.mortarinvestments.eu/products/tanks-2/t-55-278 ), 
  it does n't , but lenders do n't care about the economy . 
  they 've got one job - to lend you the money and make sure you pay back in time . 
  that 's it . 
  ottomans took it, 
  ah , the good old days , when you could just assemble your army , stroll into the neighbouring empire and start taking their cities while they 're occupied elsewhere . 
  is n't that exactly what he said ? 
  c'mon china , we want some executions . 
  do n't disappoint us !, 
  putin invades belgian courts, 
  we 'll see how much he 's gloating in 20 years . 
  well , he is n't brown , that 's what makes it different . 
  does calling orb\u00e1n insane for his wall idea count as acknowledging it ? 
  nope , being pessimistic would include raping his children and suicide . 
  at least no one dies in his story . 
  they 're obviously going to fence them in now , and create a gulag, 
   yep , were past the wall , allahu akbar ftfy, 
  this just in - serbian wire-cutter manufacturing industry expected to expand by 1000 % over next 4 years . 
  6 sausages or a hand grenade , last time i checked . 
  i feel a bit worse for his family cause , you know , they just painted a huge fucking bullseye on them with this . 
  i expect that sort of thing to happen here . 
  france ? 
  not so much . 
   thats what happens when your provinces are the size of a map marker . 
  ftfy . 
  yeah , it was finished in time and is open for traffic now . 
  how long it 's gon na last though , that 's an entirely different question altogether xd, 
  any chance of squeezing us in there somewhere ? 
  oh my god , i 'm never gon na try reading czech again . 
  huh . 
  we had no problems over here with the bridge crbc was building . 
  `` temporarily pretending to forgive while hatching terrible plans for murderous vengeance '' , however , is highly valued . 
  thanks !, 
  and your legs . 
  do you have a link to the interview you 're referring to ? 
  `` swedish terrorist assaults british armed column , one tank destroyed , 3 injured '', 
  this man should have his own reality tv show , something to keep him busy and out of politics , but still provide us with entertainment and him with attention . 
  win-win , really . 
  i can not possibly see any problems arising from this / s, 
  god damn that was epic, 
  holy crap i 'm moving there asap, 
  i 'm not sure that 's a reliable source of news . 
  that actually was n't a bad lecture , thank you for this . 
  fuck more . 
  lack of imagination was prevalent in those good old days .
