  of course taste is n't objective , you 're totally free to not enjoy french films ( some of which are bad , and some of which are amazing ) . 
  french cinema is still among the most respected in the world though , which was my point to the redditor above . 
  french cinema is some of the best - you do n't need to defend it . 
  the uk 's nhs has a lot of problems . 
  it 's good at running itself cheaply though , and is still ( for now ) almost entirely free at point of access . 
  i just wonder if to them it 's reclaiming their rightful place ( relative to their historical dominance and their mammoth size and economy ) , rather than ` revenge ' . 
  china dominated most of that region for the best part of 2,000 years though , in their own way ( i.e , through the tributary system ) if not through colonialism . 
  really the century or so of humiliation is the historical aberration , rather than their pre-eminence in east asia . 
  that would mean militarily passive then , no ? 
  since militarism is n't an essential component of civilization ( to be a pedantic twat for a moment ) . 
  china dominated its region more through trade anyway . 
  how are you defining ` passive ' here ? 
  i would describe them as historically isolationist rather than passive . 
  spending time with continentals and americans made me realise just how much we dance around things . 
  it 's kind of exhausting . 
   do you have any person ( s ) tm , people copyright pending , mates source verification needed , or `` pronouns to be determined `` check with teh lawyers that will go absolutely ape-shit if you do n't comply with their social status/demands ? copyright ? 
  how is that any different to people who outrage if you insult your country , or say mean things about god and the church , or burn a flag or whatever ? 
  because i know plenty of those . 
   first , it is my greatest hope that neither of us would attend an invited feast and find cause to call one or the others ' mothers a whore . 
  how pc of you :p . to be honest , a lot of what you wrote seems fairly arbitrary . 
  we know that calling a guest a ho at a social occasion is wrong because everyone agrees that it 's wrong . 
  it 's a social norm . 
  if everyone agreed that it 's wrong to say fag , or n * gger , then we would n't have people complaining that disapproval of those words is ` pc ' . 
   in the u.s. right now , however , nothing is as it seems/was . 
  the right and left wing politics are vehemently opposed to each other , with very little middle ground . 
  is polarised opinion a new thing ? 
  i do n't think it is . 
  i 'm still not seeing how pc is different to general social norms , except that people use ` pc ' as a way to delegitimise arguments they disagree with , ignoring the fact that there has always been a version of pc - only it used to be about not insulting your country or god , rather than minorities etc. 
   no , you 're being rude . 
  who gets to say that 's rude ? 
  and how is that different from pc ? 
   pc is not a sterile edict of wrong or right . 
  i did n't say it was . 
  what i am saying is it describes norms pertaining to what is and is n't socially acceptable at the time , and afaik there is no society which does n't have norms about what is or is n't socially acceptable . 
  i feel like this has to be put into context . 
  there are majority protestant countries in other parts of the world which are still fairly religious ( the us springs to mind ) . 
  meanwhile you have a ` catholic ' country like spain which has the highest acceptance of gay people on the planet , or a catholic/ex-catholic country like czechia which is now one of the most atheistic countries in the world . 
  by and large , i think we 've probably always looked up to the romans . 
  the victorians saw rome 's empire as a model for theirs , although they were still foreign invaders which is why [ boudica ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/boudica ) was also idolised . 
  until very recently the idea that the end of roman rule meant a millennium of barbarism was very prevalent , but i think that 's started to change . 
  is political correctness in itself authoritarian ? 
  by pc , we 're basically referring to what 's currently held to be polite or socially acceptable ( i 'm talking about norms here , not the extension of pc into law which is another matter ) . 
  if i come to your house and call your mother a whore , and you get offended , are you being pc and authoritarian ? 
  ireland . 
  then a bit more distantly the netherlands and maybe germany , if we 're talking about europe . 
  outside of europe it would be new zealand and australia . 
  probably orwell . 
  edit : for non-depressing reads it would be neil gaiman or pratchett . 
   never . 
  i love rain . 
   edit : and wind . 
  the wilder the better as far as i 'm concerned . 
  same , i 've never understood the complaints about british weather . 
  i love the stormy , rainy days . 
  also i 'm totally heat intolerant and ca n't take more than a wimpy 25 degrees in the summer . 
  a ) every political ideology has its own version of ` pc ' . 
  in the uk , see what kind of reaction you get in the papers for insulting wwii vets or burning a union flag . 
  b ) the ` anti-pc ' movement in the us and uk is also aligned with political affiliation . 
  i think there 's a misconception that saami are basically inuits , therefore making them look white is racism . 
  anyway , iirc all this came from some tumblr discussions and so should n't be taken too seriously ( since tumblr thinks that everything is racist ) . 
  getting the team back together !, 
  what could go wrong ? 
  the criticism was that they made all the characters white rather than identifiably saami ( ignoring the fact that most saami look white anyway ) . 
  yeah , there 's so much to pick from !, 
  a few of my favourites : supporting dictators around the world ( pinochet , videla , suharto etc ) , ejecting the chagos islanders from their home like human garbage , our role in the bengal famine , our role in removing mossadeq and propping up the shah in iran , the humiliation of china , betraying the greeks at the end of wwii because we did n't want commies in power , the catastrophe that has been sykes-picot and the continuing intervention in the middle east , more crimes in ireland than you can research in a single life-time ... 
  from what i remember it was accused of white-washing , not cultural appropriation . 
  i agree . 
  pisa 's my favourite city in tuscany . 
  what is this dystopia i 'm living in , and how do i get out ? 
  cheap american chocolate is usually fine ( like reece 's and mars ) . 
  it 's just hershey 's which is awful . 
  milka beats cadburys hands down now . 
  damn you mondelez . 
  i was quite happy i got to practise my very basic turkish in wien :p . `` bir burek l\u00fctfen , etsiz ! '', 
  +1 for ireland . 
  such a beautiful country and lovely people . 
   was mainly in northern slovakia and mostly in the nature . 
  people keep telling me to visit the tatras - hoping to get there sometime soon . 
   bosnia ( originally from there . 
  still need to see jajce , jablanica and visegrad ) bosnia 's one of the countries i most want to visit . 
  hoping to go there in april  . 
  tbh i feel like the * tradition * is that we should joke about the french , but on a day to day basis the only country i really hear jokes about is the us ( or the countries within the uk ) . 
  this sub is the better version of r/europe in my opinion . 
  shout out to [ trifle ] ( https://www.google.co.uk/search?q=christmas+trifle&amp;client=firefox-b&amp;prmd=ivns&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewiq8_slutfqahwhiiwkhus3bvaq_auibigb#mhpiv=2 ) , which is a mandatory christmas/boxing day pudding at my mum 's house ( where 1970s working class cuisine reigns supreme ) . 
  can confirm , it 's an easy question . 
  lol . 
   when it 's an opinion i do n't share , it 's bias . 
   and snooper 's charter meh . 
  our government 's not the only one to get up to this shit , unfortunately . 
  it 's just the most extreme . 
  you 're right to an extent but we also have cities like edinburgh , york , bath and lincoln that have at least preserved their historic centres reasonably well . 
   why waste it on a place like this when there are far better places . 
  the good thing about this attitude is it keeps parts of the uk uncrowded during holiday time because people have fucked off to southern europe etc. 
  that 's how you say ' i love you ' , right ? 
  til another reason to be envious of northern europeans . 
  a lot of people here ca n't afford a first house , never mind a second one ( and never mind a cottage which would be even more expensive ) . 
  there was an election ? 
   czech is the nicest slavic language that i have ever heard +1 for czech !, 
  i absolutely love the language ( \u0161pinava kunda ) . 
   metrosexuality what is this , 2002 ?
