  germany is one of the most popular euro countries ( at least outside of southern europe ) . 
  happy to be of service . 
  every government does shitty things . 
  i 'm sure yours has - mine certainly has . 
  does anyone think the eu is perfect and above criticism ? 
  but if your government makes a mistake do you fucking secede from it at the risk of destroying your country and economy ? 
  they 'll continue saying so , even as we sink into recession . 
  you 're not wrong , unfortunately . 
  they have to try and rush it through though because the uncertainty is economically and politically destabilizing . 
  i want it to be delayed in the hope there might be a reversal , but it 's understandable why they 'd want the opposite . 
  ` we ' voted to leave because people fell for a pack of lies . 
  that you 're blaming the eu for this when our prime minister is the one refusing to declare stinks of the hysterical bullshit which has characterised this whole debate . 
  you 're blaming the eu for this ? 
  seriously ? 
  englishman living in scotland here . 
  during the last indyref i experienced very little ` spite ' against the english - there were english folks campaigning for yes . 
  i think pinning their arguments on anglophobia is a convenient way to dismiss them . 
  and they 'll be stuck in a failed state if they stay so why not ? 
  westminster listens and scotland gets to stay in the eu/westminster ignores her and the snp have a stronger mandate for indyref2 . 
  it 's a win for sturgeon either way ( barring the economic calamity this has wrought ) . 
  if we go ahead with this , scotland gets its mandate for indyref2 and britain is toast anyway . 
  it 's already going to be a bloodbath . 
  i 'm not prepared to accept a decision this big ( and so important for my future ) based on a campaign of lies and such a small majority . 
  i 'm backing all opposition to this until the uk leaves and it 's all over . 
   says austria , without a permanent seat on the unsc , which is quite literally the top table of the world . 
  we have a permanent seat on unsc ? 
  i know , let 's vote to give that away too !, 
  the petition is calling for a requirement for a greater majority ( 60 % ) to settle the dabate for leave or remain , rather than a small margin . 
  you can get them in some of the bigger supermarkets ( tesco , asda etc ) . 
  warning against leaving the union based on economic arguments ? 
  oh , the irony ... 
  we 'll see what happens a few months down the line when the new cuts come . 
  long live the celtic archipelago !, 
  i propose london as the new capital . 
  stop bullying us with your facts . 
  that was n't at all passive-aggressive . 
  wonder why she did n't respond ? 
  try having `` meatless mondays '' etc. 
  and see how you get on . 
  if you ca n't quit but still want to eat less meat and dairy , maybe just heavily reduce ? 
  the way i managed to ditch meat was by cutting it out in stages ( red meat first , a month later poultry , a month later fish ... ) . 
  initially not having meat can make you feel like you 're not very full after eating , so i 'd emphasise carbs ( potatoes , rice , pasta ) in meal-planning . 
  i 'm not a fan of soya/quorn products but they can help you to adjust . 
  make sure you have a good set of healthy recipes before changing your diet to replace the nutrients you wo n't be getting from meat - you 'll need to eat from a wider range of food groups and it 'll be harder to get away with having a bad diet . 
  i also do n't recommend ditching meat and dairy at the same time . 
  good luck !, 
  if you succeed , you have a lifetime of unsolicited '' ... do n't worry , they 'll tell you '' memes and irritating jokes to look forward to . 
  i think that attitude says more about you ( and people who share your opinion ) than it does about the uk . 
   it 's like when the european press fantasize that britain is somehow desperate to recover its lost empire . 
  i am so sick of this meme . 
   the uk might be opposed to further integration and certainly the loudest ( by its size and economy ) , but it 's not the only one . 
  do n't interrupt the endless circlejerk !, 
  of course it 's the only one !, 
  ** eu to give 13 british jobs to every turk , it has been revealed . 
  ah , you know the result of the referendum already ? 
  please tell us , i 'm dying to know . 
  is it ? 
  wiki has it at over 100,000 speakers . 
  i hope it survives anyway , occitan is my favourite romance language . 
  we 'll drain doggerland ( the dutch can help us ) ... just so we can re-flood it . 
  we 'll be in good company with all those other salty , salty western europeans obsessing over the uk daily . 
  til portugal belongs to spain . 
   if you had any idea ... 
  they do n't , because everyone on the internet apparently thinks all non-english parts of the uk are braveheart and desperately struggling for freedom from their oppressive ukip loving english overlords . 
  i , for one welcome our marxist jewslim homosex new world order overlords . 
  they pressured papandreou to abandon the referendum when the crisis hit . 
  people keep forgetting that event . 
  that 's why we got that opt-out on further integration . 
  edinburgh , seriously ? 
  it ticks boxes for almost every demographic that 's more likely to vote stay . 
  isis want us to leave ? 
  edit : now looking forward to a ` why you should vote ` leave ' according to isis ! ', 
  pamphlet before thursday . 
  my point was n't that scots all think they had nothing to do with the empire . 
  it was aimed at this idea i keep seeing pushed that a ) brexit is purely an english phenomenon and that b ) brexiters are all desperate to relive the empire glory days . 
  surely ` politically correct ' implies there 's a majority consensus against an opinion . 
  that obviously does n't apply in this case ( especially since there are lefty supporters of brexit ) . 
  hyperbole would be my shit-posting about us ` freedom of speech ' based on its hostility towards journalists and whistleblowers . 
  fair enough . 
  some of the recent threads have been absolutely vile , it 's true . 
  i 'm not saying there are n't issues , but the hyperbole surrounding the subject on reddit is ridiculous . 
  ` muh tyrannical hate speech laws ' . 
  so do the ( admittedly lesser ) portion of scots who also support brexit also secretly yearn for the days when we were oppressing brown people , or is that an english-only trait ? 
  seems a bit overkill for ` traitor ' , no ? 
  i 'd rather just leave them to carry on being bitter at the world . 
  because it 's what non-europeans love to come here and shit-post about . 
  yeah , i was called a `` traitor '' un-ironically in this sub for saying i 'd vote remain . 
  good times . 
  the government and the murdoch press . 
  there are too many countries . 
   so are these people ex-christians ? 
  how do you suddenly decide to start believing in gods you always used to believe did n't exist ? 
  did they all already believe in a multitheistic universe and have just switched sides ? 
  i do n't get it . 
  a lot of people become disillusioned with monotheism , or a religion they feel no longer speaks to them , so they start looking for something else . 
  the various types of paganism are attractive because they might be pro-nature/environmentalism , pro-feminism , lgbt-friendly ( depending on the type ) , and yeah , a way of reaffirming a more * authentic * national/ethnic culture through religion . 
  ( fun fact : around [ 70,000 people ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/neopaganism_in_the_united_kingdom#demographics ) in the uk identified as some kind of pagan in the 2011 census . ), 
  maybe being british has warped my view of this , since in the uk routes and locations for marches and demos usually need approval from the authorities . 
  seems reasonable . 
  a massive gathering in taksim is presumably a prime target for terrorists , especially if it 's gay pride .
