  or my personal favourite - the misconception that england and britain are the same thing , to the point where i 've seen people write things like `` the british invaded and conquered scotland and wales '' . 
  had mine checked czechia to poland in may . 
  i 've been asked for id a couple of times at train stations in italy . 
  i would n't recommend travelling around the country without a passport if you 're not from the eu . 
  is there mutual intelligibility between gaeilge and gaidhlig then ? 
  and can you understand manx ? 
  turkey is a huge misrepresentation that the gutter press used to scare voters . 
  being in membership talks ( ** since the 90s ** ) does not mean it will ever join , especially not while greece and cyprus are willing to veto it at every turn and most of europe is terrified of muslim migration . 
  besides brexit , i 'd say politics over the last decade has been dominated by : questions about the uk 's identity ( is it multicultural ? 
  is it european ? 
  should the uk even stay together ? 
  ) , its relationship with europe , immigration , austerity , our participation in foreign conflicts and the threat of terrorism . 
  how about oz ? 
  op is a classic `` muh heritage '' american with a chip on their shoulder and an inability to open a wikipedia tab . 
  how are you defining ` germanic ' ? 
  are you using it to mean ` of/like germany ' , or as the ethno-linguistic term ? 
  if it 's the latter , i do n't think it 's right to say that there 's a `` core '' , since each germanic cultural/linguistic group is part of a continuum ( north germanic , west germanic , then frisian , dutch , english etc ) . 
  * this sceptred isle * , * perfidious albion * . 
  ca n't speak for munich , but eating and drinking in prague cost me half ( sometimes less ) of what i paid in vienna . 
  nevermind attractions , galleries , accomodation and the metro . 
  vienna , while pricey is amazing for high culture and wo n't be too crowded with tourists . 
  prague 's old town will be jammed , but there is imo more to do and you 'll get a lot for your money . 
  if cash is n't a problem then choose the cities that interest you the most . 
  also , some people have a lot to gain from showing the nhs to be a failed system ( that needs replacing ) . 
  well there 's remembrance day . 
  i 'd say that gets the most coverage . 
  ha , i knew they had a really bad reputation but decided to take a chance on them in april . 
  i got lucky and the journey was fine , but yeah i guess based on the reviews only use them if you 're desperate . 
  bus . 
  i took orangeways from budapest to vienna , then flixbus vienna  prague . 
  check [ go euro ] ( http://www.goeuro.com/ ) for fares . 
   we do n't need another island in the union pretending to be a special snowflake malta is the worst , i agree . 
  was just in poland a few weeks ago . 
  it is very pretty . 
  ah , really ? 
  i kind of had the opposite impression . 
  i did n't find it too different from western europe . 
  where did you go in hungary ? 
  our culture and politics did n't form in a vacuum . 
  our religion , art , music , philosophy , science , language , fashion , social movements etc have all been influenced by the continent . 
  just because we 're currently reluctant to embrace euro integration does n't mean we developed in another universe . 
  scotland does n't need to be ` liberated ' , it 's free to choose ( like it chose to stay in its referendum ) . 
  that 's the same in the uk . 
  a lot of people simply do n't understand the eu very well . 
  yet if you believed reddit rhe referendum is entirely because we 're all ` egoists ' with a hard on for the empire glory days . 
  i 'm pro-eu and will be voting to remain , but why do you think a country having a discussion about what 's best for its future means it 's trying to be ` special ' ? 
  are iceland and norway ` special ' because they do n't want to join the union ? 
  not to mention requirements vary by institution . 
  op should look at a handful of individual universities and cross-reference requirements to get an idea . 
  the us has a lot of big corporations and i think people view them as more aggressive than those in europe ( probably this is n't true ) . 
  i think unless you 've been exposed to each language it 's difficult to tell . 
  i listen out for specific words ( nie + tak versus niet + da etc ) to try and give me an idea . 
  i wonder if this is slightly less the case now . 
  i 've met people from middle-class backgrounds with regional accents . 
  italy generally attracts the pretentious rather than alcoholic type brits tbf . 
  as long as italians do n't start building cheap resorts all over their coasts they should be fine . 
  most of the time you 'll be in central parts of those cities ( since those are the parts with most of the attractions , historic neighbourhoods etc ) , so you should n't be too stretched . 
   i have never been to cinque terre ... so no information about how it is there . 
  crowded . 
  like , london crowded . 
  from early evening though it 's absolute magic . 
  iirc reece 's products are fine , as is mars etc. 
  it 's just hershey 's which tastes ... special . 
  look for universities on the continent that might teach in english . 
  the uk has some of the best unis in europe , but the fees for international students are awful ( i think it 's usually about # 12,000 a year ) . 
  i 've personally never heard it in the uk , and it 's not as if we do n't have ample opportunity to make fun of the french . 
  do people other than americans actually make the french surrender joke ? 
  also encountered many english peeps campaigning for yes in scotland . 
  bergen , stockholm and copenhagen all have pretty old towns . 
  there 's a good chance he 'll share ancestry with ancient royal houses anyway ( after 1500 years of his dad 's family interbreeding ) . 
  then again , most people in europe probably do . 
  in the case of the uk , i do n't think we know enough about brazil ( or latin america in general ) to have much of an opinion . 
  there 's a reasonably big brazilian community in london , but you 're not so common in the rest of the country . 
  i think the general perception is positive , however . 
  the few stereotypes we have are that you 're all sexy , there 's a lot of crime and poverty in big cities ( thanks , cidade de deus ) , and there 's a wandering spider lurking in every shadow waiting to bite you . 
  that said , the couple of of people i 've met from brazil have been great . 
  maybe i 'm biased against london because it 's my capital . 
  it 's definitely bloody expensive . 
   my two trips to italy ( venice and rome ) gave me a lot of negative feelings about italy . 
  sorry to hear you had a bad time . 
  do you mind sharing why ? 
  if the quota system is implemented do you believe people will willingly settle in romania or bulgaria rather than north-western europe ? 
  there are bishops in the house of lords . 
  the uk is still technically a theocracy ( with the queen 's position as head of state and ` defender of the faith ' ) . 
  no one is getting persecuted or forcibly ` converted ' to atheism . 
  people have drifted away from the church because they no longer care . 
  we do n't care about atheism either - it 's your own business , no one wants to hear about it ( just like what you do in your bedroom ) . 
  england is kind of the territory of jersey in a weird way , since it 's the last remaining part of the duchy of normandy . 
  look either on [thetrainline.com ] ( https://www.thetrainline.com/ ) or directly on the [ virgin east coast ] ( https://www.virgintrainseastcoast.com/ ) website . 
  price will vary depending on time/date , but if you book at least a couple of weeks in advance you 'll save * a lot * . 
  edit : thetrainline has tickets available london - york on march 1st for # 14.50 , to give you an idea . 
  as an englishman , i 'd also probably recommend other european cities over london for this kind of trip . 
  maybe prague or budapest . 
  if you 're getting the train from london to edinburgh , york is one of the stops . 
  well worth looking around for a few hours if you can spare the time . 
  lots of things are important to world history . 
  the reconquista , the ummayad caliphate , and the rebellion in haiti are all very important . 
  history classes ca n't teach everything and have to privilege what 's deemed most significant or pertinent for the uk ( among 2,000 + years of domestic history ) , and presently this does n't include the us revolution . 
  teaching in the uk is bad because we do n't think the us revolution should be covered by our curriculum ? 
  the us revolution was influenced by the english revolution in the 17th century .
