  ok , so catholic monarchs were n't subjects of a church which encouraged spreading of the faith ? 
  meanwhile there is no one ` islam ' , and no one ` islamic civilization ' , they 've been split since after the death of mohammed . 
  they also do n't have a church to give them permission to invade south america in order to convert it . 
   in the same way the colonial powers over africa and india were also a response to the ottomans blocking the silk road . 
  which is more looking like geo-politics . 
  so what , the muslims * forced * them to commit genocide in the americas and initiate the atlantic slave trade ? 
   christians have never sought to penetrate predominantly muslim land in order to convert the populance unlike muslims . 
  you mean like during the reconquista ? 
  also , can you give me specific examples of this actually taking place ? 
  the first caliph expressly forbids forced conversion and the destruction or conversion of churches . 
   why exactly did ottomans and moors invande mainland europe ? 
  presumably for the same reason we conquered new territories , i.e , money and power . 
  edit : formatting, 
  also , were n't the moors asked to invade iberia by noblemen who saw it as preferable to rule by the visigoths who wanted to do the same thing ? 
  i do n't understand why for you the expansion of every islamic power is inseparable from religion , while for christian powers it 's just a side-effect . 
  spreading the faith was a core component of isabella and ferdinand 's empire ( at least in propaganda ) , as well as in britain and france 's mission to ` civilize ' savages through christian civilization . 
  i do n't understand how you can see one as better than the other . 
  mate , all i had to do was google `` spread of islam '' to find examples of islam spread by trade and missionaries ( see volga bulgars , mongolia , sub-saharan africa , india * before * the moghul conquest , and much of south east asia ) . 
  where do you think these armies came from if no one ever converted ? 
  i can invert any example you can give me and apply it to some way christian nations fucked up :  christians were the ones to attack india/indochina/north and south america/sub-saharan africa/australia first = so they became the enemy hereafter . 
  quite stark contrast to the guy who died on a cross for his beliefs and preached `` love thine enemy '' ... 
  by * some * romans voluntarily , and then forced on everyone else . 
  you 're missing the point . 
  you argued that islam never spread * peacefully * in europe . 
  that 's because by the time of islam 's inception most of europe had officially converted to christianity and would combat foreign religions `` by the sword '' - it never would have been * allowed * to spread peacefully . 
  and how is a tax more `` racist '' than killing people or forcing them to leave ? 
  do you not find it notable that christian and jewish communities were allowed to survive in the middle east from mohammed until the present day , while in europe we never would have tolerated the same ? 
  but does ` majority of europe ' mean ` not at all ' ? 
  british people generally do n't feel much commonality with people in eastern europe ( because they 're not close neighbours ) , and i ca n't think of much exchange between say , ireland and ukraine . 
  that does n't mean we 're not all * in * europe . 
  also , let 's not forget that there are still ` indigenous ' muslims in the balkans . 
  what ? 
  no we do n't . 
  we do them because they 're an excuse to drink , get fat and see family . 
  we were doing the same thing on the same dates before christianity ( saturnalia , yule etc ) . 
  how many kids do you know that know ( or care ) about those festivals ' relationship to jesus ? 
  because medieval european states totally would have allowed islam , judaism etc to spread freely ( and peacefully ) ? 
  it 's not as if we expelled non-christians from our countries , forced them to convert , purged them in auto-da-fes , confined them to ghettos , or killed people for wrong religious practise in various inquisitions , amirite ? 
  ( edited ), 
  yeah , but what about that 800 year period of spanish history that was muslim , or that 500 year period in se europe ? 
  that 's the pre-2012 rate , so thanks for the `` informed '' comment . 
  the post-2012 rate of interest is the retail price index plus 3 % during your course , and then at the rate of inflation after graduation . 
  now be clever and do the calculation for 30 years of repayments . 
  yeah , but it 's stupid because a lot of people will never pay off their loans . 
  i 'm going to finish with # 50-60 ,000 debt . 
  decades worth of interest will increase that to over 100k . 
  unless i start making big bucks ( which is highly unlikely with a degree in anthropology ) i 'm never going to make large repayments , and the government will continue to subsidise the debt . 
  threads about pc , ` freeze peach ' and muslims get brigaded to fuck . 
  i do n't . 
  they 're all limitations on ` free speech ' . 
  so where are you drawing the line ? 
  do you have any sources for this ? 
  those threads are increasingly coming to resemble r/worldnews and r/pol . 
  no takebacksies . 
  oh yeah , definitely . 
  i know it 's not guaranteed ( either here or for the efta members ) . 
  at this point i 'm just hoping to protect free movement and stay in the single market . 
  that 's what i 'm hoping for ( if leaving the eu ca n't be avoided ) . 
  free trade \u2260 the single market ( for the thousandth time already ) . 
  i heard * a lot * of complaining about the evils of agreements like ttip from leavers during the campaign . 
  i doubt the kind of agreement the us would give us is one people would be wholly enthusiastic about . 
  he 's seen as ` unelectable ' because his mps and the media keep repeating the line like it 's a mantra . 
  either way labour have n't managed to churn out an ` electable ' leader since blair . 
  you might as well keep having them since they 're as legally binding in the uk as doodle polls . 
  labour votes are up for grabs unless corbyn makes it a whip vote . 
  they also back staying in the single market last i heard , so might angle for efta . 
   great british galatic empire . 
  the bbc * does * need a new project now bake off 's been cancelled . 
   the rhetoric talent of british parliamentarians tends to be significantly greater than the one of most of their continental counterparts . 
  it is an art that is slowly dying in germany . 
  can we trade places ? 
  all 25 % of them . 
  that 's a scene from god of war , right ? 
  edit : well * i * enjoyed my crap joke . 
  also italy if renzi loses the referendum . 
  it 's ironic that people in this sub are upvoting this comment considering this reasoning is largely why people voted for brexit . 
  not a special deal i 'd want . 
  r/europe lost the us election ? 
   trump has spoken to the hearts of the americans who wish to end the internal corruption and the absurdity of uncontrolled illegal immigration , among many other things he 's a self-serving elite who will say whatever shit he thinks will get him more money and power . 
   definitely worse than the guy who starts raiding on neighbour countries and did nothing to change the status of russia , which remains a third world country in terms of how most of its population lives give him time - he has n't taken office yet . 
  top kek . 
  respecting it does n't mean you have to like it . 
  maybe it 'd be a way to help brits fast-track the process of jumping ship if they want to ? 
  i ca n't see allowing us to retain freedom of movement after brexit being popular with voters in eu countries . 
  clearly someone has n't been reading enough daily mail . 
  labour are getting savaged in the press * because * corbyn is seen to be too ` left ' . 
   it should be obvious how preposterous this is , since being in the eu and single market is synonymous . 
  efta is still a thing mate . 
   her legacy was winning all three elections she ran and being the most transformative pm in modern uk . 
  plus , you know , intergenerational unemployment and broken , festering communities that got left behind , like the one i grew up in in northern england . 
  not too many people in those places have nice things to say about thatcher . 
  i really need to see more of france . 
  where the hell did i say that ? 
  i was responding to the rant about the guardian , which is a left wing newspaper . 
  the guardian is a right wing paper ? 
  til . 
  it is possible for lefties to realise you ca n't just generalise 17 million people as bigots . 
  edit : why let that get in the way of a good narrative though ? 
  they can always cross their fingers while they say the words i guess ? 
  it 's stupid that an mp has to make that pledge anyway .
