  i just disagree that these things logically flow from ` should the uk leave the eu ? ', 
  or that the gov is obligated to follow this course of action . 
   how would you possibly propose to achieve these aims without leaving the single market or the eu agreeing to let the four pillars slide ? 
  i do n't , because i 'm a remainer  , and because i disagree that the government is obligated to act on anything other than taking us out of the eu , especially since a commitment to keeping us in the single market was part of the tories ' election manifesto in 2015 . 
  ( btw , unless i 'm mistaken , efta members can negotiate their own trade deals ) . 
   wilfully misinterpreting things to suit your own idea of what things were or were not about . 
  seems like that 's what people are doing when they state with no doubt that ` leave the european union ' means anything other than article 50 . 
   it 's childish to see the violence perpetrated by these immigrants and thier disdain for the native culture and think , `` i 'd rather have none of that here . '' ? 
  which eu migrants are doing that ? 
   which we never agreed to in the first place . 
  apart from electing governments which signed the treaties and supported being in the eu . 
  like leave could n't ` deal with ' being in the eec/eu for the last 40 years ? 
   the people responsible for ensuring that the uk leave the eu are of course the british government , not the leave campaign . 
  that 's what i meant ? 
  but it ends at ` leave the eu ' . 
  extending that to the single market and eea is beyond the mandate of the referendum . 
  eh , it does n't take much effort to say ` british and irish isles ' . 
  maybe we should just start over with atlantic archipelago/buckfast isles instead . 
   the fact that a couple of greek explorers had a similar name is n't something i think had too much bearing on john dee because he was already using the adjective `` british '' for many other things . 
  good point . 
  that 's your interpretation , anyway . 
  shame they did n't make these things more clear during the referendum . 
  according to wiki ireland was the first ` little britain ' , with the name later being used to refer to brittany . 
   both islands were probably occupied before celtic migrations but we have very little information about those people . 
  genetically the islands have probably changed relatively little ( a la cheddar man in england ) , it 's culture and language that changed . 
  i do n't use ` british isles ' personally , but tbf it comes from the romans/greeks not from us . 
  220 years is n't that long . 
  you do/did ? 
  what 's wrong with you ? 
  two thousand years of genocidal war , and many different kinds of cheeses ? 
  no one got on with each other until a few decades ago . 
   only absolute idiots who do not understand what a columnist is will believe this to be news and not an opinion piece . 
  or people attempting to discredit a publication who 's editorial bias they disagree with by conflating opinion pieces with ` fake news ' and propaganda . 
  you mean the bit at the top of the article where it says ` opinion ' ? 
  wow great disguise . 
  it is heknarf tbh . 
  talking about brexit is kind of his hobby . 
   i 'm frankly surprised by the number of nazi apologists who 've moved out of the woodwork really ? 
  this happens almost every time nazis/fascists get mentioned in a thread . 
  they already have , duh . 
  1 ) brexit means brexit 2 ) brexit will be red , white and blue . 
  what else do you need to know ? 
  time ~ ~ mutual hatred for the russians ~ ~ heals all wounds ? 
  iirc the ottomans were the only power that continued to acknowledge the poles as a sovereign people ( refusing to acknowledge the partition and maintaining a polish embassy in istanbul , etc ) . 
   afraid of him ? 
  he 's practically handed the conservatives the next general election on a plate . 
  i wish people would stop repeating this mantra without explaining what supposed alternative would make labour successful . 
  they have n't won a ge since 2005 , and the alternative leaders to corbyn that were offered have been piss poor candidates . 
  milliband fought the last election on a much more centrist manifesto and people still did n't vote for labour , not to mention scotland have completely abandoned them for the snp . 
  they 're in a difficult position right now , even without corbyn . 
  this sub actually thinks this , do n't encourage them . 
   there would be much more rebels than isis fighters . 
  you do n't know that . 
  government and russian forces ( along with western bombings , iranian support and kurdish action etc ) have helped to limit incursions from isis . 
  also which ` rebels ' ? 
  there are multiple factions , not just the original fsa . 
  not to mention the many groups allied to the government - are you supposing they 'd all just disappear ? 
  and it 's not just isis to worry about , there are several islamic militias including groups like al nusra . 
  how can you see any stability in all of that ? 
   `` unpleasant politics when decided by northern europe '' = realpolitik  `` unpleasant politics when decided by southern europe '' = treacherous greed lol what ? 
  have you seen the things this sub says about the uk and germany ? 
  what planet are you living on ? 
  you think a multitude of competing militias and religious groups ( some of which are batshit insane ) , and no viable government or occupying force to keep the country running means it would have ` ended ' ? 
  how is it backward looking ? 
  the uk has plenty of this type of accommodation , you 're just not allowed to build them in city/town centres . 
  it varies depending on who you talk to . 
  some people identify with the uk and ireland , and some just with ireland ( i do n't know if there are any people who identify purely as british and not as irish ) . 
   and besides , their `` anti-establishment '' talk should have been presented in last year 's elections . 
  if they want to `` fight the establishment '' then why did they voted for the establishment party in britain ? 
  so much this . 
  ` voting for change ' - except where it counts , in a general election . 
  they 'll keep voting tory ( or labour , who are only marginally better ) and the cuts will keep coming . 
  british is the only word we have to describe people from the uk as a whole , since there 's nothing like ` united kingdomian ' . 
  if i knew a northern irishman identified specifically as irish and not british , then i 'd refer to him as such . 
  actually , a lot of pre-agricultural peoples knew about agriculture ( there were settled agriculturalists in north america ) but made the choice not to adopt the new system . 
  why these maps always got ta forget [ strathclyde ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kingdom_of_strathclyde ) ? 
  also converted us heathen english , before we betrayed you by turning to rome at the synod of whitby ( because betrayal is kind of our thing ) . 
  lol what ? 
  you 've clearly never met an eastern european . 
   you think somehow british athletes became great at cycling and athletics and all these sports that have never been clean in any way , without doping ? 
  wow the salt is real . 
  the olympic thrashing is enough for me . 
  this shit is fucked :( . 
  i really hate this ` say people are wrong and it makes them react ' narrative , as though they 're somehow forced to vote for reactionary politicians . 
   maybe you 'd be good at it he really , really would n't be . 
  not when they spout bullshit arguments they ca n't . 
   far more moderate than any other government in the middle east . 
  that 's a high bar you 're setting . 
  it is odd that ireland is 55 and the uk is 81 , considering norn iron does n't even have civil partnership . 
  from [ wiki ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lgbt_rights_in_turkey#summary_table ) : no anti-discrimination laws in employment , no laws against homophobic hate speech , no marriage , no adoption ( including no step-child or joint adoption ) , ` do n't ask do n't tell ' in the armed forces , no protection from discrimination in provision of goods and services . 
  not that turkey is unique in these things - but you asked . 
  edit : also have to say it 's impressive that homosexuality has been legal in turkey since 1858 . 
  probably just another person bitter at the suggestion that turkey has anything to do with europe ( even though the dude is in istanbul ) . 
  awesome photo btw !, 
  we have globalisation in europe too , yes . 
  love you too . 
  tbf reddit attracts a lot of nut jobs , and political subs seem to make people in general very bitter . 
  everyone in this sub is obsessed with butthurt . 
   i do n't get it , why there is a constant need to prove english is a germanic language . 
  there is n't ?
