  because the people who came after did worse than kill and torture thousands of people ? 
  tl ; dr some people apparently felt like randomly making a statue of franco so they could deface it , which itt blows up to be about spain 's entire politics and people bitching about left vs right . 
  #r / europethings, 
  lol the downvotes . 
  suuure they do . 
  also a fundamental misunderstanding of what the eu actually is and what it can and ca n't do ( i think this is true even of a lot of remainers ) . 
  if feel like ` obtuse ' is pretending there 's no ambiguity over what constitutes brexit . 
  i really do n't agree that * everyone * who voted leave wanted hard brexit , when eec membership has been floated so much in the debate . 
  unfortunately . 
  op 's username amusingly matches thread title . 
  yeah , there seem to be a lot of american mormons here in the uk doing ` missionary work ' . 
  eh , they try to get a foothold everywhere ( to limited success ) . 
  there 's one here in edinburgh that harasses people passing by with their bullshit pamphlets . 
  more like ` they 're going to do it whether we protest or not ' . 
  as opposed to state socialism . 
  glorious . 
  i was hinting at nominal gpd vs ppp , yeah . 
   a country that used to be far ahead but then stagnated for decades while everyone else was growing . 
  in ppp , yes . 
  in nominal gdp - no . 
   also kind of ironic is that the uk was actually a drag on eu growth as it had one of the lowest growth rates in europe . 
  did n't the uk grow more than france , germany and the netherlands last year ( also 2013-2014 ) ? 
  and we 're the ones supporting the countries who support isis , and the ones who created the power vacuum that allowed isis to flourish in iraq . 
  we have no fucking reasons to be self-righteous . 
  country will continue to be superficially wealthy whilst most of that wealth fails to reach the major part of society . 
  as is tradition . 
  also flair up bruh . 
  1667 never forget !, 
  etc, 
  i just think they used that title as a way to troll you guys for a few centuries . 
  also a bit of wishful thinking ( if we keep saying it 's true maybe one day it will be !, 
   european istanbul is on par with izmir and asian istanbul lags slightly behind . 
  is that always true ? 
  i got the impression kadikoy is fairly relaxed while the euro side has fatih ( maybe they 're odd examples though - it is a very big city after all ) . 
  yeah . 
  i 'm gay and that question is n't a great way to find out people 's attitudes towards lgbt . 
  no one is going to be happy that their partner has been lying to them and their relationship is ruined . 
  epic bantz . 
  left wing paper has editorial bias . 
  who could have guessed ? 
  i agree with you , i just do n't see a good outcome either way . 
  trying to move on will be difficult if it means the economy tanking and the country potentially breaking up . 
  jesus what a mess . 
  well , we 'll have to wait and see . 
  my own personal opinion is i would rather try for eea membership ( with free movement ) , to protect the economy and the continentals who are living here . 
  i do n't give a crap about ` taking back control ' , especially not if it means fucking up my country . 
  maybe you misinterpreted my comment ? 
  i agree with you . 
  my point is that there are many different opinions on what brexit entails , so simply saying ` undemocratic ! ', 
  at every turn does n't help . 
  if people do n't get exactly what they 're hoping for in leaving the union they should campaign for another referendum on it . 
  i honestly would n't put it past our politicians to ignore everything you mention . 
  for the time being normalcy has gone out the window . 
  they were talking about eea membership without free movement . 
  it remains to be seen whether we 'll accept freedom of movement in order to try and stay in the single market ( and i hope we will ) . 
  `` do you want * hard * brexit , or * soft * brexit ? 
  what do you want to do about free movement ? 
  what kind of free trade do you want ? '', 
  `` yes . '', 
  / democratic referendum result, 
  well , it 's not that they 're terrorists ... 
  it 's just that we do n't want to look at them . 
  `` burkas for all foreigners ! '', 
  theresa may declares . 
  stari sad ? 
  would the eu take that line when it 's basically spain 's attitude towards catalunya ? 
  this is how a massive amount of people are living . 
  work your arse off every week to pay for rent , petrol and bills with fuck all left over . 
  if your fridge or your car dies you 're financially fucked for a year . 
  try doing over-time and it all gets taxed away . 
  no one has a private pension and the social state 's getting scaled back so as soon as your back gives in and you ca n't work any more , you get to spend the rest of your life getting more intimately acquainted with the poverty line . 
  what has kept the uk a power is a combination of each of the factors that generally constitute global power ( economics , military , diplomatic clout , ` soft power ' , force projection etc ) . 
  i do n't get what 's controversial about this . 
  economics are n't the only mesaure of power though , otherwise we would n't think of russia as important . 
  and even then the uk is still 6th . 
  beating up brown people ? 
  do you want to qualify that statement ? 
  brexit and reddit 's alt-right subs have merged some sort of monstrous hybrid . 
  world power is n't the same as superpower tbf . 
  i would argue the uk ( like france and germany ) is still a world power , albeit a rotten , deeply fucked up one that may not be for much longer . 
  same reason i did n't put remain/eu posters up at my place in england . 
  living on earth * is * mostly for foreigners though . 
  do you really want to follow their example ? 
  also r/askeurope and probably anywhere else he can troll . 
  starting a business in the biggest economy in europe ? 
  that might just be crazy enough to work !, 
  it certainly * seems * like the type of thing continentals get up to . 
  should n't they all have horns though ? 
  well ... as long as it was a * british * cat , which was itself looking at the picture of churchill , i guess it 's ok . 
  after four years living in scotland i 've still yet to experience anti-englishness . 
  i also noticed that there were a lot of english people campaigning for a yes vote in indyref . 
  as an englishman , scottish nationalism does seem to involve a lot less chauvanism tbf . 
  i do n't think * all * english nationalists are chauvanist , but very little of the politics i 've seen up in scotland has involved racism or xenophobia . 
  both ? 
  i fell for the old fake charity scam in venice . 
  good times . 
  the uk is , yes . 
  i feel like a sauron - saruman - wormtongue evolution/devolution is a fairly accurate representation of modern british history tbh . 
  mate you 've got to be kidding . 
  you 've been rabidly pro-brexit in pretty much every brexit-related thread in this sub ( and elsewhere ) .
