   we have no biography of an avarage gay person in that era so it 's obvious based on demographics that the law had no impact we have the biographies of people who lived under the criminalisation that only ended england in 1966 ? 
  they very much did not think it made a ` minor impact ' . 
   if turkey was actually progressive it would continue that `` tradition '' ( assuming that it 's the succesor of the ottoman empire first ) and eventually it would be giving the same rights on gay people way before the europeans did . 
  what modern turkey does has no bearing on the value of its actions in the 19th century . 
  at this point i 'm just assuming you have a grudge against turkey since you 're so adamantly unwilling to concede that decriminalisation ( at a time when most of europe pursued imprisonment etc as punishment ) was progressive . 
  do you think it makes no difference now to people living in countries in which it is illegal ? 
  for a start , it means that gay rights organisations can not effectively campaign for better rights and tolerance among society , since they are actively persecuted by the state . 
   india decriminalized homosexuality for some years too , yet it was n't the ideal place for gay people . 
  homosexuality was legal in india before it was colonised by the uk , at which point it was forced to adopt british moral codes , as well as the british homophobia of the time . 
   the fact that it was decriminalized has minor impact . 
  speaking as a gay person , no it fucking does n't . 
  do you have any idea what life was like for gay/bisexual people before decriminalisation ? 
  of course life was probably dangerous whether it was considered a crime or not , but having to worry about state , as well as social persecution made things much harder for people . 
  when the ottomans decriminalised homosexuality , it was still a crime punishable by ** death ** in england , by contrast . 
  so i do n't know why you 're adamantly arguing that what the ottomans did was n't progressive . 
   how did this become about brexit ? 
   r/europe, 
   there were a lot of stories in the press in the days after the brexit vote about people telling blacks and asians they would have to leave now . 
   i honestly think many brexit voters thought when farage was talking about immigration that is what he meant . 
  ( i 'm not saying there is n't some anti-polish / eastern european sentiment as well ) for the 10 years leading up to the referendum , the vast majority of saltiness was directed against eastern europeans , not extra-european migrants . 
  i 'd be pissed too , but what does that have to do with canada ? 
   since you mentioned it . 
  honest question : what are the positives of the uk ? 
  lol . 
  the author implied that with his hyperbolic ` english civil war ' comment ? 
  which is how this conversation started . 
  nope , i live in scotland : / . 
  but thanks to this sub , i can rest safe in the knowledge that england currently resembles mad max : fury road . 
  one dude on reddit is `` the left '' now ? 
  how convenient . 
  yeah but you have to live in frankfurt . 
  is that the best example ? 
  the majority of london and young people in the uk ( including me ) want to remain in the eu , yet a majority voted leave . 
  you think canada would accept freedom of movement ? 
  edgy . 
   the increasing polarisation between labour/concervative supporters were con/lab not divided before , even during the thatcher years ? 
  i grew up with older people in the north of england telling me they 'd rather die than vote tory , and there were street parties when thatcher died ( only a few , but still ) . 
  i do not believe this division is a new thing . 
  if it 's worse now than it has been in the last couple of decades , maybe that 's because new labour shifted so far right there was more agreement on policies across the political spectrum . 
  what does consensus have to do with right and left ( which can both come in authoritarian and libertarian forms ) ? 
  edit : i see downvotes yet no refutation of my point . 
  ah , i was n't supposed to send that message !, 
  basically - who the fuck knows ? 
  why did the greeks in turkey carry on calling themselves * romoi * ? 
  after a few centuries , the romano-british elites considered latin culture to also be theirs ( at least partly ) , so maybe that 's why ? 
  but i 'm not an expert so can only guess . 
  the tories and corbyn 's labour are not ` extreme right ' and ` extreme left ' . 
  i thought only the british papers were supposed to be capable of ridiculous hyperbole . 
   according to 37 people , all of the above is not weird . 
  in fact it is a very plausible story . 
  except most of the island was ruled by rome for centuries who called it britannia ? 
  i do n't see why that 's any more implausible than every disparate tribe in britain spontaneously adopting the name of ` some random celtic tribe ' . 
  every damn thread . 
  +1 for sarajevo , really loved it . 
  planning on doing this in two years time !, 
  but the transmongolian , rather than transsibirsk . 
  pfft . 
  poland was betrayed by more than just the uk , we 're nothing special in that regard . 
  you mean the * auldest * alliance ... with portugal ? 
  i thought they did a great job . 
  the audio 's off anyway . 
  relax pal . 
  i know geopolitics and centuries old relationships are more complicated than the reddit , r/europe , polandball-esque habit of reducing entire nations of millions of people to comic book characters . 
   i just see enough uncle tom british people on here saying that everything the british do is bad and everything their friends in europe do is good . 
  well how else are we supposed to get upvotes ? 
  i know that ? 
  i was n't implying otherwise . 
  seems like you 're taking what 's meant to be a lighthearted comment a bit seriously brah . 
   forget about them once defending our national sovereignty , they once diplomatically embarrassed us in a colony . 
  the us helped us during the 20th century because it benefited them to do so , not purely out of the goodness of their angelic hearts . 
  it is , but in the worst way possible . 
  the port must flow . 
  this must be how the monkey jesus painting happened . 
  we gave you 12 points at eurovision if that 's any consolation ? 
  afaik we were often pretty shit allies and let them down several times , but we helped each other against spain and france which is what really counts . 
  agreed . 
  it 's shit banter . 
  well , serfdom had largely ended in england by the end of the 15th century ( though not officially until the end of the 16th ) , and in france a bit sooner iirc . 
  the end of serfdom in england freed labour to move to cities which grew industrial capacity , helping to fuel the beginnings of the empire . 
  so i wonder how much the continuation of serfdom in russia impacted their society . 
  an awful lot of that seems to be alt-right nuts , trumpettes , and conspiracy types who go there to complain about the west though . 
  i 'm pretty satisfied tbh . 
   time for some britskrieg !, 
  too late , you already got colonised by that 361 % rise in citizenship applications from brits . 
  the putsch and ethnic repression of native germans is to begin immediately !, 
  soon all your trains will be late , and only two types of sausage will be permitted . 
   well obviously they 're going to be older , given that there was only ever one vote on the matter of joining the european economic community and that was in 1975 , meaning anyone of voting age at the time will be at least 60 years old now . 
  what ? 
  i see leavers on social media using this narrative all the time , `` we never knew it was going to be a political project , we only joined for the single market '' etc. 
  they ca n't all be pensioners . 
  you mean it does n't ? 
  looks normal to me . 
  yes , and even if/when brexit actually happens the debate wo n't stop . 
  i 'd rather have a white feather than a cone shaped hat with a d written on it . 
  ukip backup plan , migrate to the continent and outbreed the natives until there are no non-britons left !, 
  glorious . 
   not the usa . 
  it is not even part of the british commonwealth not now they 're all german citizens it is n't , no . 
  well we do n't * have * to work if it 's a problem . 
  what 's your unemployment benefit like ?
