  chill bruh . 
  you 're comparing different denominations of protestantism to the difference between christianity and judaism ? 
  lol . 
  and martin luther and the fathers of the reformation invented those ` tweaks ' , not henry . 
  henry just embraced them and installed them in england . 
  around 10 % of all of england is [ ` urban landscape ' ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-18623096 ) , there are no houses ` all over the show ' , which is partly why there 's a housing crisis . 
  yeah , and the result of that is that people have been less able to take advantage of fom within the eu , which was my point . 
  he did n't create a new religion , he adopted protestantism , placing himself as head of the new church . 
  the anglican church is a denomination of protestant christianity , it is not an entirely new religion . 
  he did n't invent a religion , unless you 're suggesting henry was secretly martin luther in disguise . 
  in general i 'd see people failing their marriage as unfortunate for them , but ultimately none of my business . 
  idk , maybe we need to get used to the idea that marriage might not be for ` forever ' but can still be meaningful , even if it only lasts a while . 
  or maybe we need civil partnerships for everyone , so people can have the legal benefits of union without having to say the ` forever ' part . 
  what do you mean by ` infidelity ' ? 
  sexual relationships outside of marriage in general , or just those that happen without the other partner 's consent ? 
  and marriage in the uk is doing badly enough as it is , it 's not like you can blame affairs for people being unhappy and separating . 
   the negative effects of single motherhood are well documented are they ? 
  can you show me some of the research supporting this ? 
  do you mean something in particular by that , or are you just making one of your usual shady posts ? 
  yeah but lots of brits will still have their kids christened and have weddings and funerals at churches , even if they 're otherwise atheists . 
  this attitude was , and is a self-fulfilling prophecy , because instead of working with likeminded countries to push our own vision for europe we rage-quit , so the loudest remaining voices are those pursuing other strategies . 
  i really need to see more of czechia outside of prague . 
  azerbaijan was washing its hair and could n't hear the phone ringing . 
  i do n't think either one is ` more or less ignorant ' , but i think it says something about our country ( or at least its teaching ) that we have n't been able to take advantage of fom in the way other eu/eec countries have . 
  oz is culturally much closer to the uk , sure , but it 's more difficult to get to and stay in , whereas germany is a # 15 ryanair flight away , with great unis , a booming economy and a great standard of living . 
  i can understand the arguments against unlimited and uncontrolled immigration , and why it worries people , yes . 
  what i ca n't relate to is the desire to bring about its ( immediate ) end in spite of the potential consequences , for very little net benefit that i can see . 
  by ` momentum contingent ' do you mean the sub is trashing corbs less than it did before ? 
  idiots on reddit maybe . 
  our government has no plan whatsoever , brexit is most likely going to be disastrous ( at least in the short term ) . 
  ` getting it over with to see what the consequences will be ' would be a monumentally stupid move which wo n't benefit most people other than those ideologically committed to the uk leaving . 
  a year on and i still ca n't for the life of me understand people like you at all . 
  no it is not . 
  the possibility of an efta/eea option was part of the discourse surrounding the referendum for years leading up to it . 
  hard-brexiteers are trying to erase that from the narrative to fit their agenda , but no one is going to convince me everyone was on the same page as to what they wanted from brexit ( see the recent polls suggesting a majority of voters want to retain sm membership ) . 
   to be fair we do tend to conflate the two here - we * lazily refer to the eu as europe . 
  so does this sub tbh . 
  i see the goal posts continue to move . 
  if anything is more tiresome than r/uk , it 's the people who bang on about it elsewhere on reddit . 
  what does he say at 2:20 ( * ` vi forst\u00e5r ____ ikke ' * ) ? 
  also england was n't a sovereign country in 1807 . 
  i wonder if the original actually specifies * england * over the uk , or if op just forgot . 
  yeah but at least the infrastructure could be there before that point thanks to this move . 
  i agree it 's not super ambitious , but i 'm happy they 've done it . 
  hopefully other countries will do the same and we can build some momentum . 
  went to see his tomb at ( i think ) * p\u00e8re lachaise * a year or two ago . 
  what a guy . 
  there 's no need to be a dick . 
  also andrzej wajda 's war trilogy , if people are looking for more good films on the subject . 
  his majesty 's ass * . 
  george vi was king at the outbreak of the war . 
  and i thought france 's fall was caused by the failure of the maginot line and it 's war strategy ( not just the british retreat ) ? 
  can confirm . 
  have intermediate italian and basic spanish , and discovered i can randomly read catalan wikipedia a few weeks ago . 
  but your op was in reply to my comment that people do n't care ** just ** about economics , so i do n't see what point you 're arguing against . 
  was n't that the poll relating to single market membership ? 
  that does n't mean people do n't support actual brexit . 
  do they ? 
  as i see it , the overwhelming issue has consistently been immigration and ` sovereignty ' . 
  countries run on politics , not just econonics . 
  if people only cared about economic prosperity then brexit would n't have passed the referendum , or regions would n't try to break away from their respective states . 
  it 's latin after migrants from germany messed it up . 
  not necessarily . 
  people might like watching game of thrones , drinking coke and using facebook but not like immigrants . 
  or they might be open to refugees and migrants but vehemently oppose corporates and the impact of english ( as with * l'academie francaise * ) for example . 
  also what do people mean by globalisation ? 
  * corporate * globalisation ? 
  immigration ? 
  homogenisation of culture ? 
  every teim, 
  i had the opposite experience though . 
  i felt like the men were generally less sympathetic , harsher and more domineering over classes ( which might have helped boys who had trouble behaving but just put me off classes ) . 
  i had some great male teachers later on that i owe a huge debt to , but in school i got a lot more from women . 
  because colonialism followed by corruption , civil war , imf debt and first world trade tariffs , to name a few . 
  because they 're underdeveloped and dirt poor ? 
  that also goes for resource use . 
  whew these comments are ugly . 
  edit : itt r/europe surprising us all by pearl clutching over immigrants and brown people . 
  that 's completely arbitrary and subjective though . 
  some brexiteers feel they have more in common with commonwealth countries ( yes , even the brown ones ) than those in eastern europe , for example . 
  eu citizens can now wear oddly coloured parkas without opposition . 
  the ethno-state is israel though ? 
  so people in this sub ( according to the upvotes to your comment ) think immigration to the uk is bad - unless it 's from eu countries , then the ` population replacement ' is fine . 
  make up your damn minds . 
  yeah but then they can have glorious greek and italian heritage . 
  you being all balanced and relativistic does n't stop greeks being paranoid about macedonian nationalism , and at the moment they 're able to leverage their eu membership against macedonia . 
  so here we are . 
  greater macrdonia ? 
  does anyone have a source for this ( that female teachers negatively effect male performance in education ) ? 
  i 've been hearing it for years but i 've never seen what info it 's based on . 
  not strong enough . 
  turkish/greek or at least espresso is much better . 
  turkey has good coffee and tea though . 
  most places it 's one good and the other shit . 
  ah , you want them to keep the hundreds of thousands of people in italy so people in the glorious north can go on giving no fucks about the med countries . 
  which border ? 
  the border between italy and the rest of the eec ? 
  lol this is the greece frontex argument alllll over again . 
  ` meet their demands ' , you mean help with the unequal burden placed on them by their location , after dealing with the problem for over 10 years with little care from the north ? 
   my guess would be that the falklands subject is brought to attention whenever gov ' t needs to distract people and focus them somewhere else , or or in electoral periods ... ehh ... maybe not so much nowadays , because our government tends to use the eu for that :p , but thatcher certainly used the falklands war to win another election .
