  i 've seen you arguing about this shit for months . 
  lol , spending has gone up under the tories ? 
  and we have less to show for it . 
  all those years of austerity to protect our glorious economy only for it to be pissed away in a referendum . 
  it should be . 
  if not on brexit itself then at least on what * kind * of brexit we 'll have . 
  typical brussels bureaucracy ... ah well , at least the tanned baby hides are protected regional products under eu law . 
   i know many leavers believe in the cultural marxism conspiracy also a fair few subscribers to this sub tbh , at least in every thread relating to ` pc ' . 
  so your barometer of diversity is how islamic a society is ? 
  it 's a box that each r/europe thread has to tick . 
  can you explain what makes quotas ` marxist ' ? 
  your model presents our current direction as an inevitability rather than the result of policy . 
  the debt 's still going up , but instead of that wealth being lavished on social spending it 's concentrating in fewer hands . 
  also , shock horror , people working and paying taxes in the most affluent societies in history expect to get something out of it . 
  not really possible in england . 
  55 million people crammed into 130,000 km , almost no real ` wilderness ' . 
  our countryside is basically a giant residential park . 
  thanks !, 
  as i replied to u/23powerz , i did n't realise . 
  is there no political/symbolic difference then if ` countries ' and ` states ' are both lander , or would the main difference only be between * land * and * staat * ? 
  i did n't know that , that 's a really good point . 
  no , of course not . 
  that 's exactly my point . 
  i do n't think england and scotland are really any different in that sense . 
  they 're countries because we * call * them countries . 
  please show me how england is qualitatively different from venice or castille in their relationships with their states . 
  i already mentioned that bavaria does n't have a distinct language . 
  that does n't negate the fact that it existed independently and could have continued to do so ( austria and liechtenstein are german speaking and yet are not german ) . 
  so if the model you 're using is ` country ' equals ethnic/linguistic group i do n't think it 's so clear cut . 
  scotland itself is complicated because not all of it is natively gaelic , and part of it used to be english ( lothian ) . 
  it could easily have ended up as different states , or with the west being part of ireland . 
   whereas the countries in the uk * are * so if germany , france , italy and spain all started calling their ` regions ' ` countries ' tomorrow , you 'd accept them as such ? 
  and i 'm not saying the uk 's countries are n't countries . 
  what i 'm saying is that 's due to custom , not because they 're essentially different from the examples i gave . 
  it 's actually classed as a country ? 
  in the german constitution ? 
  edit : according to wiki it 's a federated state rather than ` country ' . 
  in any case , my point was there 's very little distinction except in custom . 
  if germany and italy had made it their custom to refer to their formerly independent regions as ` countries ' , we 'd still be calling them that today . 
  they 're not sovereign nations . 
  only the uk is sovereign . 
   and two regions of germany/spain two ` regions ' that used to be independent countries , you mean ? 
  germany and italy only unified in the 19th century , that 's even less time together than the uk has had . 
  venice , bavaria , languedoc ( occitania ) , and aragon all used to be independent , and excluding bavaria each had its own language . 
  do you want more examples ? 
  wales was a ` region ' of england for 6 centuries , now it 's a country , because we say it is . 
  so no , i 'm not being sarcastic . 
  it 's completely arbitrary . 
  there 's nothing inevitable about a country , otherwise every distinct ethnic group would have a state and every culturally similar country would be unified ( czechia and slovakia , sweden and norway , austria and germany etc ) . 
  yeah but what makes england a country and bavaria , aragon , languedoc and veneto * regions * is custom rather than inherent difference . 
  it 's a country because we call it a country . 
  yeah but i 'd say it 's also fairly well-known that a lot of poles doing low-skilled work are/were highly educated , and resorting to bad work for the better pay . 
  the vitriol is about them being willing to work harder for less and being seen to place more pressure on the system , rather than how smart they are . 
  again , there are plenty of vile stereotypes about eastern europeans , but that 's honestly not one i 've seen . 
  ( that 's obviously just my own anecdotal experience though , so maybe it 's something i 've just not come across . ), 
  most do n't in my experience , as long as you 're not the arsehole kind of brit . 
  the uk is a unitary state with some powers devolved to its constituent parts . 
   p.s i 'm a little drunk english stereotype confirmed . 
  never heard this in the uk . 
  the stereotype here is they 're taking err jobs , not that they 're dumb . 
  pfft . 
  if we 're french you get the blame for our food . 
  oh yeah , i definitely do n't deny there 's malice and often arrogance towards ireland . 
  just wanted to point out that sometimes i think it 's plain ignorance rather than cuntishness . 
  my comment was based on recent polling , which still favours staying in the uk . 
  ( i do personally support independence if it 's what scots want . 
  i probably would if i were scottish . ), 
  also no way will the eu do what you suggest unless they want to encourage more breakups of constituent countries . 
  would also be hypocritical while spain refuses to entertain catalan independence . 
  at least half of you do , unfortunately . 
  because they 're ideologically opposed to the eu . 
  edit : yes , i meant op , not germans and the french . 
  i reckon people might use it without realising there 's something wrong with the term as a way to distinguish from northern irish . 
  i think i did when i was younger . 
  just the southern ones . 
  and canada . 
  eu is the glorious galactic republic , and the uk is darth vader to russia 's palpatine . 
  do you have evidence of it being factually incorrect though ? 
  does n't germany sell arms to saudi ? 
  welcome to every thread or discussion about corbyn ever . 
  i think the only way to keep this sub enjoyable will be to ignore threads mentioning the uk or brexit tbh . 
  rip cadbury :( . 
  it was never premium chocolate but it used to be a hell of a lot better than it is now . 
  there 's plenty of ok cheap american chocolate ( like mars and reece 's ) . 
  hershey 's is awful . 
  why ? 
  we got an opt-out after cameron 's ` negotiations ' . 
  we would n't have needed to have anything to do with it . 
  does n't it depend on the area ? 
  i saw plenty of girls dressed in short skirts around taksim , cihangir , beyoglu , moda etc while in fatih it 's hijab and burkas as far as the eye can see . 
  every country has stereotypes about other countries . 
  that in itself does n't prove the uk is particularly xenophobic . 
  yeah , but how do we get it without the good diet , decent booze and * with * lots of stress ? 
  it 's not so much that no one realises they 're getting ripped off - it 's that they 're desperate and there are n't always alternatives . 
  lots of areas used to rely on particular industries for their prosperity which were lost post-industrialism and never replaced with anything else . 
  so you now have inter-generational unemployment and a welfare culture which keeps communities going but without much hope . 
  meanwhile massive amounts of money go to london and the south east ( and a few pockets elsewhere ) , while communities in the north of england , cornwall and wales fester . 
  this gets worse under tory governments who are ideologically opposed to social democracy , wealth redistribution and the welfare model and do n't give a fuck about anywhere outside the english south east ( and not even all of that ) . 
  labour before them did n't do much to help either , mind you . 
  same .
