  the only people talking about this are weirdos on internet boards and reddit ( like me ) . 
  remove baguette , herring , souvlaki and ... what would the romans be ? 
  it 's our instinctual reaction to continental misfortune . 
  this is amazing . 
  how dare you attempt to apply nuance to the uk 's political climate . 
   you 've been favoured for no good reason in the past , and being treated just like the other 7 billion people on the planet is exactly how things should be . 
  tbf , we 've been favoured by them in return . 
  it 's not a one-way thing . 
  yeah , i would n't expect diaspora to refer to themselves specifically as anglo-saxons unless they were crazy supremacist types , and we would n't refer to them that way . 
   i would identify with who ever was the underdog in an irish vs english friendly banter scenario for the lols . 
  ( e.g. 
  eurovision ) fortunately the irish give us pity votes in eurovision , which is nice of them ... because we need all the pity votes we can get in that competition . 
  i know right ? 
  and look how well it worked !, 
  even in discussions in which the uk is barely or not at all relevant . 
  do n't know where you 're getting this from . 
  i 've never heard people in the uk refer to people who are not ethnically anglo saxon as anglo saxons . 
  we might say ` anglo ' , but that 's in reference to anglophone or anglo-sphere . 
  i swear , the uk is r/europe 's new version of godwin 's law . 
   so what exactly do people have to lose by voting against the status quo ? 
  i 'll believe people are voting against the status quo when they do n't vote labour or tory in the next ge . 
  in the meantime all i 'm seeing is a giant protest vote . 
  is n't that the point ? 
  why make it even easier for them ? 
  yep , ( great ) britain is technically just the one island . 
  i said britain , not the uk . 
  the anglo-saxons partially conquered scotland ? 
  news to me . 
  ironic considering it 's the only country in britain that was n't fully conquered by the romans . 
  is n't he social centre-left , economic centre-right ? 
  they have to keep spinning that narrative . 
  least you guys seem to do something about shit occasionally . 
  most of the time if brits are n't complaining about nothing changing , we 're complaining about people trying to change things ( fucking strikers , mildly inconveniencing me today ... ) . 
  worked for them in vietnam , did n't it ? 
  that 's why their latest expeditions in the middle east have been so successful , and why latin america no longer does whatever they ask them to . 
  labour 's been fucked for a while , and doing shit like not opposing the snooper 's charter wo n't earn them any goodwill . 
  lol . 
  lol . 
  what i came here for tbh . 
  he clearly said the us was still the most powerful , just that it 's not able to exert force in the way it was and the world is more multi-polar than before . 
  * you 're * allowed to say our food is shit , because you have a french flair , but another northern european ? 
  gtfo . 
  obviously a random dude 's comment on the internet is no comfort , but for what it 's worth i do n't reckon they 'll push out those already here unless they want brits expelled from the continent . 
  there 's a lot of posturing and ` strong words ' happening right now in the run up to negotiations ( if they ever actually happen ) . 
  we had the option to temporarily halt immigration from the new member countries following the eu 's enlargement - blair chose to waive it . 
  we 'd obviously still have seen immigration but it would n't have been on those levels . 
  the pros and cons of an elected second chamber are debatable - i kind of like that the lords are less susceptible to electioneering , and in any case members are largely appointed by the three main political parties anyway . 
  the lords can be bypassed by the commons - and we already annexed gibraltar several hundred years ago  . 
  the uk gov - * literally * unelected despotic dictators hoping to annex parts of europe and assassinate political opponents . 
  we still have a monarchy . 
  we 've had parliamentary democracy for a few centuries now . 
  i 'd like to see some evidence that it * does * matter to brits - outside the fantasies of this sub and polandball . 
  itt it does . 
   i mean it seems like easy math in your head maybe . 
  people here do n't give a shit about the empire , and they do n't give a shit about china being richer . 
  they want secure futures and a functional country . 
  anyway , the uk had representative democracy during the later empire . 
  i do n't know where you people dream up this shit . 
   i think it was driven by people wanting change . 
  all the guys in tophats voted to stay in the eu , and all the areas that have gotten poorer despite our economy getting better voted to leave . 
  this narrative has become pretty popular in the last year or so , but i do n't remember that being reflected in the campaign before this period . 
  the debate was driven almost entirely by immigration for years . 
   with it 's second largest economy and largest military power leaving i thought that was france . 
  good . 
  do n't give them an inch . 
  iirc there are a lot of places where you can get discounted entry with a student card . 
  i know this is the case at some of the famous monuments in italy for example . 
  do you have to be pedantic ? 
  it 's clear what he means . 
  i mean i support remain , but would that kind of attitude be reasonable from a country that has a region break away ? 
  would it be understandable for spaniards or brits to be salty towards catalans and scots if those regions declared independence ? 
  you meant * dk * , i 'm sure . 
  ` eu reform ' mutated into this bullshit ` anti-establishment ' narrative which has gained so much traction he can say whatever he likes and blame any criticism on ` elites ' and the ` msm ' . 
  if that mark is a shit-stain , yes . 
  i missed that one . 
  plus , everything i say is totally original and brilliant . 
  lol . 
  he wants a job over there so bad . 
  farage for fox news , i 'm calling it now . 
  it 's hard to prove whether an increase ( if there is one ) is because muslim women are becoming more ` extreme ' or because we 're seeing increasing immigration from countries where niqabs and burqas are the norm . 
  are you being deliberately disingenuous , or just not reading the comments ? 
  people are using wearing of niqabs and burqas as a sign of how integrated muslims are - i 'm saying in my experience not many muslim women in the uk wear niqabs and burqas ** relative to the population ** . 
  ok , but i was n't saying no one wears niqabs , my point was that a minority does . 
  based on the fact i 've probably seen a single niqab in months . 
  not that i can find following a lazy google . 
  hijab is fairly common but i almost never see burqas or niqabs . 
  edit : according to this [ 2013 piece ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/politics/reality-check/2013/sep/20/how-many-wear-niqab-uk#comment-27181426 ) from the guardian , neither the government nor muslim organisations ( like the muslim council of britain ) keeps stats on this , so there are no figures . 
  spent a lot of time in birmingham where niqabs and burqas are fairly rare , considering how many muslims there are in the west midlands . 
  i 'd ask what you mean but i 'm not particularly interested . 
  have a good night !, 
  that 's the spirit !, 
  papers that publish opinion pieces have opinions , yes . 
   the class system bullshit and pokie machines in pubs are repulsive . 
  complaining about the uk but not really doing anything about it is extremely british , so sounds like you 're integrating pretty well tbh . 
   take off the burkas and niqabs and everyone will treat you like family . 
  the number of women wearing niqabs and burkas in the uk is tiny compared to the overall population . 
  edit : sorry i 'm not seeing the caliphate you 're all desperately hoping will manifest in britain . 
  tbf there are many comments in that thread pointing out the media 's hypocrisy in not applying the term ` terrorist ' to the murderer . 
  / r/unitedkingdom certainly ai n't a right leaning sub ( as you 'll frequently hear right-wing brits lamenting about around reddit ) . 
  pointing out his bullshit is only for the ` biased left wing msm ' , did n't you know ?
