  the most hilarious fucking anti-eu argument is that the eu is pro-ttip , when our government is explicitly in favour of the agreement . 
   european countries are the land of the english , the land of the portuguese , the land of the italians and the greeks and the danes and czechs and this is a state of fact . 
  not contradicting your overall post , but i think this is a fairly recent idea of the national model in europe . 
  up until a couple of centuries ago most countries here looked [ like this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/peace_of_westphalia#/media/file:europe_map_1648.png ) ( i.e , dozens of ethnic and linguistic groups living under empires with borders constantly shifting depending on conquest and dynastic marriage ) . 
  that does n't mean the idea of englishness , germanness , polishness etc itself is n't old , just that the modern idea of fixed borders and a single ethnicity as the nation has probably been the historical exception . 
   on the flip side , it takes a long , long , long time for a foreigner to become a local . 
  total immersion , the abandonment of all things non native and multiple lifetimes . 
  i think the uk is different in this sense . 
  non-whites are now more likely to identify as british [ than white brits ] ( https://www.iser.essex.ac.uk/2012/06/30/ethnic-minorities-living-in-the-ukfeel - more-british-than-white-britons ) . 
  not that we 've adopted the american ` melting pot ' model , but britishness is already seen to be an inclusive label ( compared to ` english ' , ` scottish ' , or ` welsh ' ) . 
  to me , people who are raised here are british . 
  this . 
  you can see why people 'd get resentful tbf . 
  german noun genders are the thing i 'm struggling with most . 
  i actually do n't care about eu migration ( we can move to the continent , continentals can move here , it 's all rosy ) . 
  i just think u/cannedbrains point is stupid . 
  people are n't complaining about the ` other migrant groups ' because they 're not working or contributing . 
  non-eu migrants have to work and ` pay taxes ' or they risk getting deported . 
  unlike eu migrants . 
  opinion pieces not unbiased , shock report reveals . 
  because we should care about human rights in general ? 
  is n't it a ** good ** thing that we do n't have even more people reproducing right now ? 
  at this rate , overpopulation is more of a concern than underpopulation . 
  i think the point is to be concerned for lgbt people in general , not a pissing contest over who 's country is better . 
  does n't czech usually rank majority approval for homosexuality in opinion polls ? 
  the uk has gay marriage and widespread tolerance , but that did n't stop someone i know from getting ` glassed ' ( a pint glass smashed over her head ) for holding her girlfriend 's hand in public a few years ago . 
  he did fuck up the libdems for the forseeable future . 
  focusing on actual substance over style ... ? 
  filthy barbarians . 
  life in the uk was great , until all the muslims pushed me and the other 50 million white people into the north sea . 
  thanks regressive pc lefty feminists . 
  the name britain refers to the island ( first used by the greeks and romans ) , it 's not an ethnic marker . 
  we can expand to become the indo-european union . 
  glorious european emperor will be elected through process of eurovision song contest . 
   tsipras , not germany , overthrew the democratic decision of his people . 
  i assume op is referring to the [ papandreou referendum ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2011/nov/03/papandreou-scraps-greek-referendum-euro ) in 2011 , in which it was implied eu leaders threatened greece with expulsion from the eurozone if they went ahead with a referendum on the bailout agreement . 
  in otherwords , people did n't get the chance to democratically make a decision at the time . 
  the eec and eu were/are different things . 
  i 'm pro-eu , but let 's not be dishonest here . 
  ah nothing serious , i fell for the fake charity scam in venice . 
  italy 's great though , i just think scamming happens anywhere there 's mass tourism . 
  i think this is common in a few european capitals now unfortunately ( i got scammed in italy a few months ago ) . 
  you just have to keep your wits about you and hope for the best . 
   went there with my so , their tube system is horrendous and smells of homeless and piss . 
  the streets are full of dog shit and people are quite rude . 
  went for the first time two years ago - my experience was the exact opposite . 
  people did n't start a parade to celebrate my presence ( being a big city and all ) , but they were genuine and whenever i needed help i got it . 
  the city was beautiful , i saw no dogshit , and i had a great time ( maybe staying away from the 1st and 7th arrondisements helped ) . 
  some of the metros do smell pissy , but i did n't go to paris to see the metro . 
  well yeah it 's fine for brits , big surprise . 
  fucks over everyone else though ( including brits who might want to study in other countries ) . 
  i mean , they 're not wrong . 
  there are ways to get funding but it 's by no means guaranteed . 
  it probably depends a lot on the institution . 
  saying twattish things leads to downvotes ? 
  who knew ? 
  there is no one `` europe '' in this context though . 
  we all have different aims and objectives . 
  most euro countries do n't see themselves as world police and pushing for greater militarisation post-recession ( when people are sliding into poverty ) would be an extremely tough sell . 
   the us ca n't seem to win no matter how they do . 
  welcome to being the boss of the world ? 
   `` we have no eternal allies , and we have no perpetual enemies . 
  our interests are eternal and perpetual , and those interests it is our duty to follow ... '' we 're a fickle bunch of bastards , basically . 
  actually they succeeded ( in the other direction ) , and we ended up with french as our state language for three centuries . 
  chill brah . 
  by ` expansion ' , i just meant it got bigger , not that the baltic/ee countries did n't want to join ( and for good reasons ) . 
  i was trying to point out the difference between then and now . 
  at the time russia was n't in much of a position to argue , now they 're clearly more concerned about asserting themselves . 
  did n't the baltic expansion happen when russia was weak though ? 
  they were n't in much of a position to do anything about it during the 90s . 
  i think it 's both . 
  native language proximity to , or distance from english means you get a head start over others or that you have to work a bit harder . 
  ( also , this entire thread is making me feel extremely inadequate as a brit . ), 
  speakers of germanic languages find other germanic language easy to learn , shock report reveals . 
  solution : uk and france build a tunnel to germany . 
  i think a lot of it is embarrassment as well ( not just cultural chauvinism ) . 
  i know an awful lot of people who wo n't try even a few words in a different language because they think they 'll get it wrong and sound silly . 
  nevermind how shite teaching is . 
  i spent a year taking german classes in school before they bothered to teach us that ` w ' is pronounced ` v ' . 
  it just seems strange because you 've all been brainwashed/tainted by american english . 
  inability to keep all the dirty foreigners in the south away from our precious northern utopias . 
  til greece not wishing to become the eu 's migrant prison is ` ideological stubbornness ' . 
  it is going somewhere though , for the majority of the eu ( or the ` core ' countries at least ) . 
  come on , this is complete bullshit . 
  the eu will not collapse because northern countries suddenly have to pay more ( a whopping 10 billion euros to plug the gap ) into the pot . 
  with comments like this no wonder some people in this sub are so damn salty about the uk . 
   he 's disliked by certain sections of the left as being un-electable , as well , thus doing the labour party no favours in terms of winning back power . 
  all i get from this kind of discourse is that people do n't want a labour that 's actually left . 
  if all people want is a slightly less nasty tory party we might as well vote lib dem . 
   that 's andy burnham , he would make a great leader for the labour party unlike the rest of the clowns . 
  ` will shift rightwards for votes < 3 . ', 
  if r/europe is representative of the continent as a whole you are living in a dream land . 
   it will mean they hopefully wo n't blame all their problems to `` eastern european benefit terrorism '' . 
  you 're right , but it will definitely not be positive if people 's lives get screwed with here because suddenly we no longer have a free movement treaty with their country of origin . 
  not like the rest of us get a say what on what london does . 
  the bbc are not neutral ( is any broadcaster ? 
  having a minority dictate your future is not democracy . 
  if other countries want to avoid ` ever closer union ' then they should campaign against it themselves . 
  why on earth ahould we get a say on what the rest of the union does just because we do n't like it ? 
  there 's an assumption that the uk is so important that the eu will accomodate us re right to live and work following a brexit .
