  sure , and there 's no guarantee the other members would accept it . 
  this is pretty much what i 'm hoping for if brexit ca n't be averted though , since it will protect the economy and freedom of movement . 
  that 's not obvious at all , since eea membership still might be possible ( and has been talked about for years as an alternative ) . 
  boaty means boaty . 
   it feels like our slightly odd mate from downstairs has just spent the last few months going completely insane englishman here . 
  it 's been building up for decades tbh , not just months . 
  this country has problems . 
   are you seriously telling me that northern europe is easier to integrate into than canada ? 
  sorry , i just do n't see the continent ( at least the western half ) as being as fundamentally different as you seem to . 
  especially since social democracy is still important here , which more broadly fits my politics . 
   where would you rather move to ? 
  northern europe or ireland . 
  it 's been a comedy for years tbf . 
  the win was so slim i 'm not sure that 's a safe bet , especially as the economy continues to worsen . 
   the uk has their own anglosaxon friends to play with . 
  you 're vastly overstating the uk 's relationship with the anglo-sphere . 
  of course we all have warm feels for anglo countries , but distance makes them much less important . 
  we have much more to do with euro countries , even with the language barrier . 
  they ignored * the will of the people * over iraq , so it 's not unprecedented . 
  especially now ukip are quiet they might feel bold enough to just do whatever the fuck they want . 
   when you get a queen with an american accent , will you also start to use one ? 
  that 's when we abolish the monarchy . 
  i think we just use more ` slang ' / dialect english and non-standard language than the americans or canadians you 're likely to meet abroad . 
  i 'd be interested to know how well people understand aussies , since there 's less exposure of their english in international media . 
  i would say indirect rather than non-confrontational . 
  when continentals are direct i know not to be offended because they 're just saying what they mean . 
  with brits it 's trickier though , because if a brit decides to be blunt you ca n't tell if they 're just trying to avoid the dance we all do , or just being an arsehole . 
   you could say culture is a social construction bingo . 
   but that does n't mean it 's not real , valuable or meaningful . 
  definitely . 
  we have to be aware of how we use it though , especially when it comes to politics . 
   how so ? 
  because it 's always changing . 
  ideas of ethnic and cultural purity are based on the notion that they 're static but they 're not . 
  the concept of a nation with eternal borders , a single ` national ' ethnicity and a common language is fairly recent in human history ( example : here 's [ europe ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/peace_of_westphalia#/media/file:europe_map_1648.png ) before the modern nation state emerged post-treaty of westphalia ) . 
  national identities were created in most cases by absorbing smaller cultures and ethnicities , and before that those cultures and ethnicities likely took a different shape as well . 
  my point is n't that the cultures we have now are n't valuable , just that we need to be circumspect in deciding who to exclude from them and what our justification is for doing so . 
  ( edited punctuation and a couple of words for clarity . ), 
   ancestry is not a social construction . 
  ancestry is n't but the collective/national/ethnic identity people give themselves based on their ancestry is . 
   if i am to be a british citizen in a hypothetical future i know that as a first generation i wont be able to assimilated . 
  speaking as a brit i 'd consider people who have lived here for decades and adopted the culture to be british , even if first generation . 
  maybe it helps that ` british ' is already a pluralistic label . 
  this is one of the parts of europe i want to visit most . 
   yes but a left wing leave voter is not likely to support trump is he ? 
  which is why i said #notallbrexiters ? 
  i was n't saying there are no idiot brits who support trump , i was saying it 's wrong to say ` the british ' , or even ` the same 30 % ' , because it 's incorrect . 
  there was huge diversity of opinion among leave voters , no matter who 's ` brain child ' the campaign was . 
  there were left wing people who supported it . 
  sorry to disappoint you but not every one of those 17 million people is an alt-right not job ( even if i think brexit is hugely irrational ) . 
  please do continue to make sweeping statements though . 
  you 're on fire with these generalizations today pal , well done . 
  30 % of ` the british ' did , yes . 
  yep , same as man , jersey and guernsey . 
  pfft . 
  if we go down we 're taking them with us . 
  me too !, 
  some people have no self-awareness though . 
  nwo confirmed . 
  yeah , but actually winning ... ? 
  on purpose ? 
  what kind of non-scandinavian/eastern european country does that ? 
  it 's an outrage . 
  how embarrassing for them . 
   the dwindling native american population happened before the us ever started being considered as a serious destination for immigrants . 
  and that 's * why * the us was able to be considered as a serious destination for immigrants ? 
   and by clamping down on migration , you are not exactly creating a favourable environment for any migrant . 
  every nation which does n't have open borders ( so basically every every nation on the planet ) ` clamps down on migration ' . 
  people still want to go the the us , canada and australia despite extremely tough migration controls . 
  also , for brexiters is n't scaring migrants away the point ? 
  they clearly do n't care if there 's an economic cost ( as shown in the poll ) , you 're not saying anything new . 
   we and the brits seem to be in our own competition of who can get the lowest score . 
  with germany just trailing behind . 
  they already agreed they 'd broadcast it from a euro country if aus won . 
  so then you 'd class poles working in the uk for 5 years before going home as ` expats ' , then ? 
  the uk has a 6th of the population of the us but is only half the size of california - also mass migration to the us was helped by wiping out the old population . 
  it 's not really a fair comparison . 
  also you 're presenting a false binary . 
  it does n't have to be ** unlimited ** migration versus none . 
  what brexiters object to ( even though i do n't agree with their view ) is what appears to be ever increasing migration from the eu and the inability to control it . 
  we 'll find a new scapegoat , people will keep voting for people who fuck us over , and nothing will change . 
  eu migrants are contributing , it 's just that the government is n't sending that money trickling down so there 's pressure on services at the bottom . 
  instead of blaming westminster ( as we should be ) we 're blaming immigration . 
  also it 's not that we need ` upper-class favour ' to build a house - it 's that everything is regulated and there 's no free land for most people to build on . 
  ` mental breakdown ' , ` grasping at straws ' - no bias here then . 
  r/ukpolitics is going to have the mother of all circlejerks . 
  edit : ` it 's not bias when i agree with that bias ' . 
  really ? 
  never heard this before . 
  for ah ... 
  reasons . '', 
  labour has been doing badly since 2010 , well before the ` trotskyites ' . 
  the entirety of scotland abandoning them has made their chances of election much slimmer . 
  i hear people say things like that a lot about china . 
  do people in poland and russia not feel connected to the past because they had 50 years of communism ? 
  most indo-european languages , anyway . 
  the jacobins were anti-fa ? 
  til . 
   franco was n't perfect lol . 
   but certainly better than the people who ruled spain after him .
