  you would expect the country itself to be rich considering it contains a billion people ( and the fact that until recently the uk with a population of 60 million had a much greater nominal gdp is appalling ) . 
   is it ideal ? 
  nope . 
  is it something to be proud of ? 
  nope . 
  i was n't offering an opinion on any of that , only on the topic of whether you can say the empire was beneficial for ex-colonies or not . 
  the former british colonies that are doing well are largely the ones that were settled ( obviously at the expense of aboriginal peoples ) . 
  so i do n't know if we can extrapolate evidence from that that britain was ` better ' in this regard . 
   but indonesian language surely have greece as yunani . 
  i wonder if you guys got that word through arabic ? 
  it 's the persian word for ` ionian ' . 
  shocking . 
  cool , and i 'll be here to disagree with you . 
   albanians are europeans . 
  so are bosnias . 
  there inhabit european lands , follow european customs , kastrioti tried to romanize as much as he could the albanians . 
  he even fought turks . 
  the way you measure this is completely arbitrary . 
  albanians are european because they just are , according to you . 
  meanwhile eastern thrace has 5 times the population of albania yet they 're not european , just because u/keldore says so . 
  also what ` european customs ' ? 
  we 're not all the goddamn same . 
   islam <  islamism way to generalise an entire population of muslims . 
  so albania and bosnia are n't european ? 
  islam has been present in europe continuously for 1300 years , longer than some euro countries have been christian . 
  so , to repeat , get over it . 
  turkey is transcontinental and relevant to this sub . 
  get over it . 
   and then the eu will fold trump 's buffoonery has alienated leaders and politicized these issues to a point that probably would n't have been thinkable just a few months ago . 
  if eu leaders cave on this they 're going to get heat for it . 
  classic liberalism was economic , rather than necessarily social . 
  looking forward to seeing editorials from the likes of the dm condemning leaving the union with no irony whatsoever . 
  people willing to get annoyed at a handful of letters probably do n't need an excuse tbh . 
  fellow brits always letting the side down . 
  time to post each one individually for sweet , sweet karma . 
  welsh , gaelic and scots are co-official with english in wales and scotland , but english is official in all four countries . 
  also i suppose it was the official ( or de-facto ) language of the state of britain since its inception 300 years ago , so it 's a historic convention ( as with other countries ) . 
  england 's not a state though , and english is now the mother tongue of the vast majority of the islands . 
  you can also make the same observation for spain , france and italy etc , they all contain other native languages but are usually identified with only the ` national ' language . 
  that 's possibly because until recently aus was demographically dominated by people from the uk and ireland , many of whom moved there only in the last century or so . 
  also it 's only really existed ( in its modern state ) since the early 19th century , while america 's east coast was already well settled by that point . 
  i 'm not actually proposing american english would never have happened :p . it was inevitable , given that the us is so far from britain . 
  de problemas con el idioma ... '' i love that knowing a bit of one romance language gets me some of the rest for free ( at least passively ) . 
  when it comes to spanish though i get really confused and end up saying things like `` he domenticado '' rather than `` he olvidado '' . 
  yeah well , the french saved your arses . 
  or you 'd all still be speaking proper english . 
  sounds reasonable to me tbh . 
  he did n't say he would switch every time , just when the level of french is n't proficient enough to make the interaction smooth , which is fair enough when someone 's busy . 
  the way you deal with this is you find people to practise with who are n't working in services ( especially in paris ) . 
  shocking . 
  low effort shit post . 
  can confirm , am learning italian . 
  people have been very generous ( even when they 've had decent english ) . 
  also , my french is fairly shitty ( a2-ish ) but i never experienced the above in paris . 
  hmm , they still do spaghetti al ketchup though , right ? 
  just leave him to it . 
  he likes to complain about people talking about brexit while he himself talks incessantly about brexit . 
  those are some fine lookin ' porticoes . 
  i 've wanted to visit bologna for ages . 
  you 're applying logic to a shit-posting thread ? 
  never a good idea . 
  an-coms are stalinists now ? 
  amazing . 
  blueberries are for bourgeois pigs bruh . 
  do you just keep these handy in case you need to use them ? 
  also antifa \u2260 an-com bruh . 
  edgy . 
  unless ... they secretly supported brexit while wanting to appear not to to avoid backlash against the tories in the next ge ? 
  boom !, 
  brexception . 
  us bashing is more implicit . 
  i have n't seen it reach the levels directed at turkey or russia in this sub yet . 
  they 're not saying israel is morally superior , they 're pointing out this sub 's weird logic . 
  preventing infertile couples from marrying ... this is a marginal issue and it would be extreme invasion in their privacy to determine if they are able or not to have children . 
  in case of people of same sex it is already known and written in papers . 
  in the case of straight couples over 40s/50s it 's already understood ( or at least a safe assumption ) that the marriage will result in no children , yet no one would question their right to marry . 
  also gay marriage is probably even more of a marginal issue , since i ca n't imagine more gays getting married than infertile/older straight couples . 
   marriage is too closely related to children in my and many other people 's opinion . 
  i can understand that if you 're coming at marriage through a religious/christian lens ( and i do n't mean that as a criticism ) . 
  are you sure you 're not mistaking europe for this sub ? 
  you know attitudes towards the eu vary massively . 
  i 'm totally against brexit but saying it equals back stabbing is a bit over the top . 
  so infertile straight couples should be prevented from getting married , yes ? 
  or at least their marriage should be called something different . 
  wales is n't a principality any more , afaik . 
  the appetite is definitely there , yeah . 
  i guess we 'll have to wait and see . 
  breturn2040 . 
  scotland might be better off in efta rather than the eu , because it means they 'll be able to negotiate trade deals outside of the bloc . 
  it 's the cruise ships they need to stop ( at least at their current extent ) . 
   i must have screamed this so many times over the past few days on this sub but : the uk truly , honestly does not give a shit about the empire , well done for trying !, 
  but i guess it 's a meme that just wo n't die . 
  also turkey . 
  human rights is for foreigners , thank you . 
  lol at the downvotes . 
  how much fucking longer can people pretend this country does n't have serious problems ? 
  the closest language to english lexically should probably be scots . 
  was it really an invasion when we invited him , did not oppose his advance , and made him rule as co-monarch with mary ii ? 
  300 years since the last invasion is still a good record , in any case . 
  i 'm certainly not .
