  rule britannia !, 
  saboteurs must be crushed !, 
  will of the people !, 
   you literally spend all your time posting `` see i told you so '' responses to anything to do with brexit . 
  most of this sub does that tbf . 
  if that 's actually what he meant then i apologise for misinterpreting his posts . 
  it 's something brits do say sometimes colloquially so that was my first reaction . 
  i 'd rather not use them , but do n't often find going directly to the business sites much cheaper , and the no fee last minute cancellation is just too convenient . 
  like the media need an excuse to bang on about brexit . 
  but it 's not the entire north , because donegal exists . 
   what else am i supposed to say for southern irish republic and for southern irish ? 
  you can just say the irish republic or roi , like everyone else ? 
  i was n't offended , just see brits using ` southern irish ' a lot on this sub when they must know by now it annoys the irish so i wondered if you were trolling is all . 
  there were people on reddit banging on about fucking islam even after he 'd been revealed to be non-muslim . 
  are you deliberately trying to irritate irish people ? 
  they were talking about the impact of neighbouring countries , not ecological bloody determinism . 
  and steal things to stick onto st mark 's cathedral !, 
  ah , the chocolatines . 
   you get the desert i thought we were talking about spain , not france . 
  we 'll split spain with you 50/50 . 
  deal ? 
  unfortunately the spanish and portuguese continue to mistakenly deny greater gibraltar as rightful british clay . 
  as punishment , we send them our worst tourists . 
  almost no one voted for it . 
  even tory supporters might not have wanted a dup coalition . 
  they 're both semitic languages . 
  i think you mean the gibralterian peninsula / s, 
  i tried to google ` bielefeld ' , but apparently it does n't exist . 
  zero entries . 
  because estates and squats are thriving in london and totally not being increasingly removed to make way for juicy real estate ? 
  because you 're deliberately painting a misleading picture of the system . 
  see :  not everyone can get a loan . 
  vs  an extremely small minority can not get loans . 
  if you are unable to finish the degree for medical reasons you can claim the funding back . 
  if you drop out , you can try to use the credits you gained on another programme without having to start again . 
  and in contrast to some euro countries , you can get living cost funding ( which is currently # 7800 for me plus the bursary i get from my university ) , meaning most people wo n't have to worry about working while they study . 
  well berlin is one of the hipper cities to live in today . 
  it 's cool , which london is in danger of losing because cool people ca n't afford to live there . 
  of course people flocking to berlin will drive the prices us and thus the cycle continues . 
  the only people who ca n't get loans are non-residents and people who already have a degree . 
  please check your facts before spreading misinformation . 
  russian oligarchs are leaving ? 
  if it 's about the uk , russia , turkey , the us , and muslims , yes . 
   you 'll need to provide a source !, 
  not in this sub she wo n't . 
  new labour were pursuing a softer package of the same policies . 
  labour ( under blair ) introduced tuition fees , began privitising parts of the nhs , began the disability assessments which have caused so much misery , and made the country even more unequal . 
  why d'you think rupert murdoch came out in support of him in 1997 ? 
  new labour hardly differred from that consensus . 
  the consequence of blair 's shift of the party was they won elections but also ended up alienating working class voters who felt even more distanced from the magical london bubble . 
  unless a hard brexit causes a monumental crash it 'll still be london . 
  the views of british muslims are n't so far behind those of some eastern europeans in terms of levels of acceptance . 
  but muh western cultural marxist islamophilia !, 
  islam , uk , gay . 
  all signs of a spicy/salty r/europe thread . 
  come on , people here have n't even heard of fermented nordic fish ? 
  the vast majority it 's the other way around , with everyone pointing out british food as bad while forgetting most northern european cuisines are traditionally bland . 
  it 's a fair assumption to make tbh based on your posts in this thread alone , since you 're basically trolling at this point . 
  western european capitals have been experiencing terrorism for decades ( thanks to the ira , eta , lefty orgs and now islamists ) . 
  life goes on , and they 're still some of the best cities to live in . 
  he banned images that were body shaming on transport for london after receiving complaints about them , not all photos of women in underwear . 
  it 's a ` joke ' but it 's got 70 up votes because why not portray him as an islamist based on no evidence ? 
  and you 're still pushing this bollocks ? 
  keep screaming it and maybe a few more idiots will believe you . 
  do you have a source for this leftist support for hezbollah ? 
  barca , milan and shanghai have had terrorist attacks . 
  that 's 16 ` great global cities ' , including most of the major world capitals . 
  london , paris , madrid , moscow , new york , tokyo , mumbai , istanbul , bangkok , brussels , berlin , rome , kuala lumpur ( off the top of my head ) have all had some kind of terrorist incident , from separatist movements , religious fundamentalists , or leftist organisations etc. 
  maybe the cities you 're thinking of are n't `` great global '' cities ? 
  they did n't just retreat , they [ refused access to people seeking refuge ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2017/jun/28/dutch-soldiers-let-300-muslims-die-in-bosnian-war-court-rules ) at the un base , and as a consequence they were killed . 
  does that make a country any less responsible * for * those crimes though ? 
  because the people fleeing the serbs were denied access to the un compound where they might have been safe , and as a consequence were massacred ? 
  i 'd rather see us prioritising the wahabis who are directly impacting terrorism in the uk , rather than hezbollah who afaik mainly confine themselves to the middle east . 
  this bullshit again . 
  http://i.imgur.com/w2nzplk.jpg the banknote design i 'm still waiting for . 
  in the uk it 's generally ` swimming costume ' . 
  they want to abolish wage labour though ? 
  they 're not an-caps . 
  this thread is spicy . 
   what definition of terrorism are you possibly using that does n't include this ? 
  the one that does n't make my country look bad ? 
  i too favour this strategy . 
  it 's about whether may and corbyn can accept the autistic screeching that will follow if they do the right thing and try and keep us in the single market and retain fom . 
   but it 's countries like poland , czech , austria , uk , hungary etc the uk did ? 
  can you point me towards somewhere i can read more about this ? 
  the french third estate wants to abolish the monarchy and create a new system of government ? 
  no printing press created under feudalism for them !, 
   you mean spartacus wants to rebel against the romans but speaks * latin * ? 
  how dare he !, 
  to organise political movements in cities and across international borders you do n't need telecommunications ? 
  that 's not what anarchism is . 
  left ( anti-capitalist ) anarchism predates anarcho-capitalism by a long time , going back to the likes of kropotkin , bakunin and further to proudhon ( * ` property is theft ' * ) . 
   or ignore it to shelter their conveniences well , our governments certainly do when dealing with countries like ksa . 
   whatever effect brexit will have on the german car industry , it 'll be peanuts compared to the technical revolution that 'll wipe out a million jobs in that industry due to e-mobility . 
  new jobs in robotics , machine tools , services sectors , etc. , will have to be created for these workers . 
  what does that have to do with the short-term effects of brexit though ? 
  it has a lizard monarchy , mass surveillance , and a strong independent money-laundering city state that do n't need no oversight . 
  what 's not to like ? 
  was n't that the case well before the discovery of the new world ? 
  france , spain , the hre and papal states had already been squabbling over the peninsula for centuries by that point .
