  i 'd think about combining it with other countries in a trip to the region . 
  so kneejerk politics basically . 
  this fucking guy again . 
  did they ? 
  from what i can tell the american lgbt community has been hugely anti-trump . 
  edited !, 
  possibly to when it was a phoenician colony . 
  and if it does n't , it 's entirely our own fault for being inherently barbaric and unworthy of empathy . 
  started long before that tbh . 
  i 'm angry that they have n't stood up for remainers , but i can see it 's a difficult situation to navigate . 
  a massive amount of people in labour constituencies backed brexit , including the millions of voters they lost to ukip in the last election . 
  add to this the tories , ukip and the press would extend the ` out of touch enemies of the people ' rhetoric to them . 
  corbyn must be banking on brexit being more important for leavers than remainers as an isssue in the ge . 
  indy cinemas are the way to go if you 're lucky enough to have one close . 
  student membership at the two in edinburgh gets you tickets for # 4.50 . 
  where in paris is like that ? 
  i enjoy circlejerking over brexit as much as the rest of r/uk , but at least keep it in relevant threads . 
  after two years it 's making reddit fucking tiresome . 
  fair enough . 
  i suppose ignoring it gives the populists ammo against the ` elites ' who do n't care about the people etc , as you say . 
  i hope eu-27 countries can ride the wave better than we did . 
  like i could forget ? 
  brexit was overwhelmingly driven by sentiment against inter-eu migration . 
  do we have to find a way to shoehorn brexit into every thread relating to the uk ? 
  our government chose not to take the temporary limit on immigration from the post-2004 countries though , which it could have . 
  that 's what drove euroscepticism ( with prompting from ukip and the press ) . 
  it 's right that peoples ' concerns should be addressed , and there 's no reason eu countries should n't work to improve the union . 
  you do n't want to end up with the situation we did though , with successive governments pledging a ` tough ' stance on the eu like it 's the enemy . 
  yeah . 
  dangerous to give that kind of talk more prominence in the national discourse . 
  it could come back to bite them on the backside . 
  should go down well in this sub . 
  it used to be finnish , but that became too mainstream . 
  now it 's hungarian . 
  ` old leftist ideas ' that are run of the mill on the continent , like nationalised transportation . 
  i mean , that does n't mean he 's wrong on this issue . 
  but yes he probably ought to be jailed . 
  i 'm not sure everyone is on the same page in that regard . 
  we all know that 's russia . 
  i mean , i agree but the uk was n't the only one not ` all the way in ' . 
  the charges have gotten better since the eu forced a reduction ( was n't that last year ? ) . 
  i do n't really know what the charges were like relative to other countries before . 
  oh definitely , i do n't expect to get free roaming post-brexit . 
  i 'm just wondering about the years between now and then . 
  we 're still bound by eu law for now , but will that be upheld if companies or the gov feel they can get away with it ? 
  we 're not complaining :p . was he good for the netherlands though ? 
  the wiki article about him ( not that that 's a good source , obviously ) suggests his shift of focus to england was to the netherlands ' detriment . 
  hope british companies do n't find a way to weasel out of this before brexit . 
  more articles about both sides saying nothing we do n't already know . 
  * `` tory government says something empty and bland . 
  '' * * `` eu very big and impressive '' * yes , we get it . 
  having a country 's parliament collude with members of its royal family to kick out the current king and invite a new one is a genius way to conquer a nation . 
  william was a crafty fellow :p . 
  republic . 
  it 's not correct to call it * ` southern ireland ' * . 
  most states do n't last forever . 
  big shock . 
  ` conquest ' / invitation :p . 
  it does look like a pretty sexy airport tbf , i just have n't had the experience yet . 
  turkey , greece , roi , france , czech republic , hungary , austria , poland and italy . 
  plus other bits of the uk . 
  probably the most beautiful place i 've been to . 
  donegal that is , not the airport . 
  not with that attitude you ca n't . 
   they had a choice in the referendum and they made a choice . 
  you ca n't complain with the gun , if you have shot yourself in the foot , can you ? 
  lol . 
  the multinationals will do very well out of brexit , thanks . 
  if anyone 's going to suffer it 'll be the ordinary people . 
  stayed with czech friends in prague last year . 
  can confirm : ate a lot of wafers . 
  armenia added to list of countries i have to visit . 
  love y' all . 
  lol, 
  so people in spain largely support catalan and basque independence ? 
  edit : was n't me who downvoted you btw . 
   and american posters after the us invaded iraq . 
  off topic , but there was an r/europe back then ? 
  if you look at the last few threads about catalan independence , comments opposing their independence seem to get a lot more approval . 
  possibly this is just spanish unionists out in force , or perhaps scottish independence has more enthusiastic support here because it means a return of scots to the eu . 
  sa are also spreading salafism throughout europe . 
   but trying to downplay the irish genocide by saying that the irish ( as british ) commited atrocities seems very disingenious to me i did n't get that from his post at all . 
  he was pointing out that the empire and its mechanisms was run not only by englishman . 
   blaming the colonised for the acts of the colonisers is unfair . 
  it 's not like the majority of the english/british had a say in the empire either . 
  most people could n't even vote until its later stages . 
  hence the distinction between state and people . 
  heading there next month !, 
  make britain ... doggerland again ? 
  blessings upon you and your interest rates . 
  we do n't want to be near the us . 
  just a few more hundred kilometres away from you guys ( in whatever direction ) will do nicely ;-) . 
  in my experience most people know about it , they just have n't cared because it 's been viewed negatively ( as other people here have pointed out ) . 
  and also evidenced by them later sacking constantinople , which weakened the empire to the point of no return . 
  people are identifying as english , scottish , and welsh over ` british ' yes , but that does n't have much to do with britain as a geographical term . 
  yes . 
  the difference being i 'm not saying you should n't speak though , just that your opinion is shit . 
  aaand there you go again . 
  ` appropriate forum ' , ` fringe views ' , i.e , why ca n't people shut up about things i do n't like ? 
  your post was n't about the way these things are discussed and reported though , all you did was bitch about people protesting in the first place .
