  the complaint ( in this case , for other groups it 's different ) is usually that low-skilled brits are outcompeted in the job market and that there 's an increasing pressure on services at ground-level . 
  jesus , that last one . 
   also , who can forget this ? 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=loypezamfew oh jesus , i have n't seen that in at least two decades . 
  my feels . 
  that ca n't be true , everyone knows only brits are eurosceptic special snowflakes !, 
  eh , it 's getting kind of old now . 
  after 60 years i think we need some new material . 
  yeah , but how have we ` tried to change it for the better ' ? 
  is there data you can point me to , proposals in the eu parliament etc ? 
   she 's been trying to fix those problems for 40 years , do you have any evidence for that claim at all ? 
  i 'm voting to remain , but wishing economic instability on another country is pretty petty , especially considering a ` leave ' vote wo n't be everyone 's choice . 
  the uk is not the only country in the eu that gets special treatment , privileges , or attempts to get a better deal for itself . 
  also , flair up fam . 
  that would be russia . 
  welcome to the brexit referendum !, 
  i always considered the american opposition to socialised healthcare ( on the grounds that it constitutes governmental interference ) pretty irrational . 
  having continentals mirror the same view back at us because we do n't trust our government with our privacy has given me some things to think about ... 
  let 's not be hasty here . 
  no need to resort to extremism . 
  people have been saying that shit about europe since the end of wwii . 
  raised to have good manners and be polite . 
  so what you 're saying is ... 
  i should start an agency in tallinn for stag parties ? 
  every 5th day ? 
  i do n't know what kind of fancy brits you 're used to , but round here it 's every 10th day . 
  we ca n't all live like millionaires . 
  they 've probably been selected because it confirms the daily mail 's stance on the eu . 
  a small percentage of criminals does n't represent the hundreds of thousands of poles who work hard and generally get on really well here . 
  my czech friends in the uk call it czechia . 
  according to 50 % of people posting in that thread you should be grateful and happy to become a theme park because ** money ** . 
  well , for the most part we do n't behave that way in places like france and italy * because i guess they 're marketed differently ( i.e , for culture rather than drinking ) . 
  * yes , i 'm sure there are exceptions . 
  we have a toxic , excrement filled lake that locals had to [ turn black ] ( https://www.google.co.uk/search?q=yorkshire+lake+ammonia&amp;biw=1366&amp;bih=667&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewjwo-kl85tnahxhksakhwopbdsq_auibigb#tbm=isch&amp;q=buxton+lake+black&amp;imgrc=rbnbjep3wkenqm%3a ) to stop people swimming in it , if that 's any consolation ? 
  you 're making that amount , have no degree and are only 19 ? 
  oh man , that makes the 50k student debt and precarious future employment hurt just a little bit more . 
  voting `` remain '' !, 
  you forgot pan-slavism ? 
  and we just had that thread . 
  i went to a coe school , and always found it fairly benign ( a hymn once a week in assembly with comparative religion taught more than christianity ) . 
  but , i suppose that 's what someone who 's been brainwashed would be expected to say . 
  you just do n't have refined enough taste to truly appreciate classic burned rubble-style architecture . 
  they restored the old town/city centre , just not the entire city . 
  even non-church of england schools ( like a academies ) have mandatory worship ? 
  i 'm referring to the very vocal minority who come to the sub to brigade each and every thread about islam and immigration . 
  yeah , but england/the rest of the uk dragging scotland out of the eu would be a strong argument for reevaluating the situation . 
  is n't that half of r/europe 's subscribers ? 
  if you want to make claims about human nature ( as if they 're self-justifying ) it 's up to you to back them up . 
  unless you ca n't , of course . 
  can you qualify what you mean by ` human spirit ' and how it 's incompatible with a basic income ? 
  plus , you know , all the reparations that were forgiven ( after tens of thousands of people were killed ) . 
  but who cares because corrupt lazy greeks amirite ? 
  i 've been at edinburgh for three years and still have n't seen library cat . 
  eu students do have to pay for goods and services for four years , so it 's not a complete negative effect on taxes . 
  ( and obviously we 're free to do the same on the continent . ), 
  because islam = evil , everything else good obvs . 
  i 'm saying individuals can resort to violence when they feel they 've been transgressed against ( regardless of what their religion is ) . 
  making muslims feel attacked for being muslim only plays into the agenda isis and the like are pushing and will result in more extremism . 
  every time i think this whole thing ca n't get more ridiculous , i 'm proven wrong . 
  good luck with that ... 
  i think the hysteria would be more aimed at `` muh backdoor continentals '' or refugees sneaking their way in , rather than the irish . 
  you 're banging your head against a brick wall . 
  the vote 's going to be decided largely based on emotion rather than informed choice and we all have to put up with it until it 's over . 
   leave never said we should be like norway . 
  i 've heard norway and switzerland used as examples in almost every single debate about brexit . 
  the articles list their sources if you could be bothered to look . 
  exactly !, 
  i do n't know how they managed to survive for a thousand years . 
  luckily tourism came just in time . 
   it 's too small and too removed from economically viable activities to be something else than what it is . 
  there wo n't be any alternatives if the city 's leaders abandon it to being a `` one trick pony '' . 
   the only area where the uk wins hands down is on employment , but that is because british productivity has been falling , so companies can hire more to do the same work . 
  also our government inflates the statistics by including part-time and zero-hours contract work , which hardly equal job security . 
  you 're right , but does it need to be an either/or approach ? 
  it should be possible to look at the benefits of tourism while being realistic about its side-effects , just like with any industry . 
   you would need labels on just about everything if that 's your only argument for it though . 
  it is n't . 
  binge-drinking etc are a problem in this corner of europe . 
  it often starts with kids ( me and my friends were drinking at 14 ) , so is n't just an issue of rational , informed adults making rational , informed choices . 
  additionally , these things have an impact on everyone else through their cost to our health services and the social problems they cause . 
  in the uk your ` right ' to fuck your liver up and need treatment will cost the tax-payer thousands of pounds . 
   it 's one of those things that can just go on forever since there 's so much potential for hurting yourself in some way in our daily lives . 
  or ... you can adopt different approaches to tackling different social problems depending on their severity and the public interest in tackling them ? 
   wanting to be educated about certain dangers is fine but then go look it up . 
  if you do n't want to read the information , take responsibility and do n't look at it . 
   let 's face it . 
  without tourism venice would have stopped existing a long long time ago . 
  yeah , but when the fixed population is declining more and more because of the situation there , who is it existing for ? 
  government intervention is exclusive to the left ? 
  i meant in regards to countries attempting to change this policy , not that no one can have an opinion . 
  if you think it 's a stupid law , congrats you do n't live in ireland and so it wo n't effect you in any way whatsoever . 
  if people/policy makers in ireland think it might be effective in battling an extensive social/health problem , then it 's absolutely their right and is no one else 's business . 
   not to mention the danger of another suicide attack . 
  is n't that the same everywhere in western europe ? 
  it 's terrible , but if we let fear of potential terrorism control our lives we wo n't even be able to visit our own capitals . 
  i was just in turkey ( istanbul ) and had an amazing time . 
  i 'm really sorry to see things getting harder for people there . 
  heading there next year !, 
  we 're subject to billions of euros worth of advertising every year ( in almost every aspect of life ) and you consider * public health warnings * to be manipulation ? 
  how is public health warnings/adding information to packaging ` micromanaging ' ?
