  the old system is confusing af to me . 
  it 's a movie reference . 
  the english elite and james ' own daughters . 
  sorry about that :( . 
  it depresses me that some people still ca n't live and let live . 
  maybe there could be representation for oversees territories collectively ? 
  i.e , an ` oversees territories ' state . 
  you 're a disappointment to the uk , and therefore the world . 
  every other business or residential building in istanbul seemed to leave food and water out for the cats when i was there . 
  when i ate at restaurants i 'd see waiters carrying dishes out for them . 
  it was really nice to see . 
  opening a foreign campus does not equal ` oxford becoming french ' . 
  easy on the hyperbole please . 
  roi knows where it 's at . 
  unilever rejected the bid . 
  do n't know if i can say [ * the illusionist * ] ( https://youtu.be/bmqpu7lullg ) ? 
  sylvain chomet and path\u00e9 are obvs french , but it was a franco-scottish co-production and was largely made at the studio chomet set up in edinburgh . 
  tl ; dr watch all of chomet 's films . 
  ottoman gangsters in the 19th century had some serious selfie game , apparently . 
  some czech friends introduced me to this a couple of years ago . 
  the part of my childhood i never knew was missing . 
   but otherwise scone is obviously as in gone . 
  you disgust me . 
   please do n't leave us alone with them ... 
  the republic ? 
  truly a terrible fate . 
  as a remainer , i 'd disagree with this . 
  it 's true a lot of people are angry at immigration in general , but the main argument the likes of ukip have been making over the last decade has been against migration from countries that joined the eu post 2004 . 
  they 're the ones who are seen to be directly competing for jobs and putting pressure on services , and the numbers were so great it fed the hysteria . 
  we 're not allowed to say that though , or we 're ` liberal elites ' who literally force them to vote for twats like farage . 
  yeah , they 're pissed because he 's betrayed his campaign promise to reform the voting system ( as i understand it ) . 
  nuance in a conversation about islam ? 
  not on my reddit !, 
  this is a pretty bullshit comparison considering 30 years ago 11 of the union 's members were operating under a completely different economic system . 
   take a look at various youtube comments ... the glory that is the butthurt which emanates from such an online cesspool is enough to stump any sociologist . 
  i read a lot of travel blogs , and somehow any tourism article ever that mentions any balkan country seems to get butthurt comments from the rest . 
  i kind of admire the commitment to looking for things to row about . 
  you realise this is symbolic , right ? 
  so what are you going to do ? 
  demolish all the churches and religious buildings in europe and ban people from saying things like `` oh my god '' ? 
  rename sunday and saturday in latin countries because they have religious connotations ? 
  the west is n't magically more enlightened because christianity is inherently better , it 's less crazy specifically because people do n't practise christianity to the letter any more . 
  otherwise we 'd be back to capital punishment for the gays and fewer rights for women . 
  also r/wales triggered . 
  yes , to spite them . 
  yes but cameron did n't go this far . 
  may has been desperate to pass authoritarian measures for a while but was previously limited from doing so . 
   and so far everything they seem to accomplish are civil catastrophes . 
  you 'll get no disagreement from me there . 
  only if that police state is red , white and blue . 
  yeah , euronews is fairly decent , and i like that they broadcast in different languages . 
  may was n't elected . 
  we just have no opposition able to effectively do any opposing , and thanks to the shit show of the last year people are n't really looking out for what the government is doing . 
  none of your filthy foreigner ` rights ' for us !, 
  upvote for taking the time to comment , when his lazy arse could have just googled . 
   tbh the trump thing was even worse , he does not have a mandate to be taking posistions on senstitive foreign issues . 
  as speaker of the house trump might be visiting he absolutely does . 
  it 's the government that is being inappropriate inviting a head of state who 's been on the job a few weeks to receive what is an honour usually only granted to people who have achieved something . 
  * getting ? 
  * mate , that ship has sailed . 
  all that depends on the cash flowing and a continuous supply of resources , when we had to confront the disruption to trade within the empire thanks to german and japanese incursions in north africa and asia ( as well as the u-boats ) . 
  how could we maintain the war effort indefinitely without money and raw materials , not to mention the armaments the yanks supplied ? 
  it actually does n't though . 
   britain could hold out indefinitely is that true though ? 
  did n't we rely on the yanks for funding and resources ? 
   50 % of old german . 
  germanic , not german . / triggered, 
  this is weird to me since americans on reddit often seem to think ` britain ' = england alone ( i legit had someone say ` the brits invaded scotland ' once ) . 
  that 's one of the main reasons i opposed brexit . 
  i do not want to be left alone with this government . 
  i suppose if they stop funding your degree/living expenses there 's not much you can do about it . 
  i would go to istanbul again in a heartbeat , but maybe avoid taksim and be more vigilant around sultan ahmet . 
  maybe that can be argued regarding a ` european hollywood ' , but otherwise corporations are supranational and multilingual , no ? 
  so how would that apply ? 
  you 're making the same mistake brexiters make . 
  ` we can still trade ' makes no account for tarriffs and a potential hard border . 
  i 'm just amazed i understand this . 
  thanks conversational bulgarian , i guess . 
  you mostly get downvoted there for posting shit comments . 
  it seems contrary to the ethos of the european project to eject a country that has been a member ( albeit as part of another country ) for decades , with a populace that wants to remain . 
  we 'll have to wait and see i guess . 
  are you sure you want to know ? 
  there are several members that are n't all in , tbf . 
  the uk is n't the only ` special snowflake ' , just the biggest . 
  is n't that contingent on scotland being seen as the uk ( which would be funny ) though ? 
  or would they just be allowed to remain as scotland ? 
  that seems like the best option for scotland tbh , given it would allow them to make their own trade deals outside the eu . 
  i did n't realise that . 
  if that 's true then i guess it 's unfair and hypocritical of scottish mps to inflict something on ruk students that they would n't tolerate at home . 
  i pay # 9000 to go to a scottish uni ( and am also from a deprived part of england ) . 
  the way i see it is we should blame the tories ( plus libdems as part of the coalition gov ) for the fee rise , not scotland for actually giving a damn about education . 
  i do n't think it 's controversial to say the uk was never a fan of closer integration . 
  now we 're leaving it might help speed that project along ( although we 're far from the only eurosceptics in the union ) . 
  nah , opposition does n't matter to trump because anything they say is simply alternative facts or fake news . 
  amateurs . 
  they should learn from the uk , where you ` accidentally ' zip yourself into a bag and never get out again . 
  til free speech means i get to give a speech in parliament whenever i want . 
  what . 
  sorry , did n't realise you could n't raise related topics , or that u/incorrect-english meant for ` uk is a sinking ship ' to be interpreted purely in terms of economics . 
  it 's funny reading your post .
