  the uk is already aligned with the us politically , does n't mean we 'll like trump , just like we did n't like bush . 
  openly gay foreign enemy of the people !, 
  who also fences probably . 
  you 're in the bubble mate if you think brits are pro-trump . 
  i do love me some commie . 
  see you added that / s tag :p . i 'm afraid i 've just got too used to the shitposting , so i guess it 's necessary . 
  fought 'em longer than your country did , thanks . 
  ` britain 's embrace ' ? 
  may might be ready to kiss his arse but the vast majority of us think he 's a grotesque cunt . 
  plus she works for the bbc so she 's one of those ` liberal elitez ' i keep hearing about . 
  miss angleterre one of the better looking ones though , for a change . 
  they need a reason to exist , i suppose . 
  honestly mate , people are always going to talk a lot of shit online ( especially in political spaces ) and if it 's getting to you maybe you should give the sub some space . 
  keep in mind most people saying shit about america have probably never neen to the us and do n't have a very nuanced understanding of what 's a complex place . 
  the same goes for americans saying shit about other countries . 
  welcome to the internet . 
  lol . 
  posters in this sub ca n't make up their damn minds whether the uk is anti-russia or putin 's pawn . 
  europe is n't a single country , surprise ? 
  yeah , but it 's the will of the people ^ tm , so who cares about the rule of law ? 
  how could you possibly be in favour of the government circumventing uk law and parliamentary sovereignty whenever they feel like it ? 
  do you realise what kind of precedent that would set ? 
  [ there is !, 
  ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/article-127-single-market-legal-challenge-postponed-court-hearing-february-theresa-may-single-market-a7530276.html ) the hearing 's been postponed so any decision is going to take a while . 
  boom . 
  defeat for may . 
  now just have to wait for the ruling on article 127 . 
  it 's ok , they replaced it with a link to melania 's qvc . 
  shame i missed this when i visited plovdiv last year . 
  spent a day trekking around bachkovo monastery though which was beautiful . 
  it 's funny and horrifying at the same time . 
  lol . 
  sure , so then you can identify streaks of this trend and use it as a way to critique the value of a claim or platform . 
  i do n't think it 's unfair to say the trump campaign and chavismo have seen more of this than other parties and politicians . 
  lol mises is your source ? 
  ok , i 'll quote marx and bakunin at you as if they 're unbiased too . 
  i want to go back to the days when we could all laugh smugly at the us . 
  or ... claiming populism has no value as a term is a way for people to dismiss it as criticism when it 's aimed at parties/politicians * they * like ? 
  populism , a movement which aims to * `` pit a virtuous and homogeneous people against a set of elites and dangerous ` others ' who are together depicted as depriving ( or attempting to deprive ) the sovereign people of their rights , values , prosperity , identity , and voice '' * ( for albertazzi and mcdonnell , anyway ) . 
  i think it 's fairly uncontroversial that elements of this phenomenon have been seen across the continent and in the us recently , and it applies to both right-wing and left-wing politics ( from the trump campaign to chavez in venezuela ) . 
  lol . 
  you 're assuming people use the term without qualification . 
  you lot are doing a bang up job following our example though , must feel good . 
  yaaay , it 's not just us . 
  it 's completely accurate . 
  i misread your original post as ` divide europe ' rather than ` divide the eu ' , because i 'm an imbecile . 
  i agree with you otherwise . 
  indeed , but as a national term it covers northern ireland , in the same way someone from martinique or guiana is french even though france is on another continent . 
  ` british ' is presently the only available adjective for a citizen of the uk . 
  therefore , a norn irish person is by nationality ( though maybe not by identity ) british , as well as irish . 
  westminster does n't give a fuck about the uk outside of the home counties . 
  never has , never will ( until the uk breaks up and it 's too late ) . 
   and the british authorities also clearly had clear conquest ambitions on the continent a few times . 
  i was not aware of this happening in the last 3/400 years . 
  can you point me towards anything i can read up on ? 
  edit : and of course you 're right about history , my comment was a superficial one . 
  i do n't disagree with you , but i was talking more about the last few centuries rather than the modern era . 
  did n't france and india overtake us ? 
  `` the eu needs leadership !, 
  why ca n't they ever get their act together ? '', 
  `` france and germany are trying to lead the eu ? 
  does n't ` ethnic ' imply cultural distinction ? 
  so maybe you mean multi-racial :p . 
  that 's exactly my point , i am worried about us . 
  i do n't see any good coming from this at all . 
  you 're preaching to the converted . 
  tbf the uk/britain never wanted much to do with europe . 
  what we wanted was a balance of power so no other country would threaten british interests which lay in global trade . 
  i would n't say those plans * fell through * . 
  not that i agree with what we 're doing now , mind you . 
  continentals are not going to blame the eu for a bad deal with the uk . 
  our politicians and press are seeing to that . 
  pretty much . 
  why is business for you a matter of urgency while the rest is ` internal issues ' ? 
  what 's more important for the eu , a ) keeping the union together , or b ) losing a bit of business ? 
  that 's your problem , right there . 
  economics are n't the only issue . 
  the 27 governments have politics , elections , voters ' concerns and the longevity of the eu to worry about . 
  helping business might not be france 's main priority when they 're worried about brexit success spurring on the fn , for example . 
  again , privileging 450 million eu citizens over 65 million non-eu citizens is not being ` punitive ' . 
   and a punitive measure would be felt on either side . 
  you do n't get favourable treatment outside of the club . 
  that is not being ` punitive ' . 
  ttip would have been good for european companies and it was defeated . 
   and the kind of deal it is will be sorted out like they always are . 
  we 've been in the eec/eea/eu for decades , so no they wo n't be . 
  yes , but the other rich countries know we 'll be desperate . 
  the eu and china can spend 10 years considering a deal and can afford to say no , we wo n't be so fortunate and they know that . 
  we do n't even have our own negotiators ffs . 
  secondly , what may be seen as an economically ` good deal ' might not be good for the ordinary people ( competition for the nhs ? 
  ) , or the environment etc , especially when dealing with america . 
  ttip was n't opposed because it was n't economically ` good ' enough . 
  i guess because no one imagines a deal between the uk and the us/china/eu would be on equal terms ? 
  the influence of religion on politics is only bad when we 're talking about muslims apparently . 
  did n't gwb specifically say his belief in god influenced his actions in iraq , which led to the deaths of tens of thousands and created the vacuum that was later filled by isis ? 
  maybe our booming new industry in sending twats to the us will provide the key to british economic growth post-brexit . 
  gassing 's one thing , but this ... ? 
  pls no . 
  and for years leave floated the ` norway/switzerland option ' , which means efta/staying within the sm . 
   but more than north korea .
