   to travel to some shitty overcrowded smelly place . 
  i do n't go anywhere much outside beyoglu tbh , and it 's not smelly . 
  it 's using a capital p ( politicians ) to indicate the new sentence/clause rather than punctuation . 
  fool , i take the train , problem solved . 
   edit : it 's only a joke . 
  why you heff to be mad ? 
   r/europe, 
  we 're leaving the continent now ? 
  you have fun with the drone , i 'll sip muh \u00e7ay over breakfast in \u00c7ihangir . 
  always interesting to see the different responses catalan and scottish independence get in this sub . 
  love me some yellow fortress !, 
  it 's so pretty tho, 
  someone went peak / r/europe . 
  the eu loses nearly 3 trillion dollars in nominal gdp when the uk leaves , putting the us significantly more ahead . 
  so you do n't care about protecting shipping ? 
  defence against piracy ? 
  protecting schengen 's maritime borders ? 
  defending eu countries ' oversees possessions if need be ? 
  if you think canada ( or aus for that matter ) would have no problems in the eu then you 're also deluded . 
  especially since both countries are as obsessed with migration as we are . 
  fta does not equal eu-like union . 
  yeah but according to this sub the uk is in cahoots with russia in the new non-eu axis of evil , despite our anti-russian stance for at least the last decade . 
   he is forwarding a political opinion using information from the organization he himself is influential in . 
  providing one 's own ammunition if you will . 
  right , but does that affect the quality of the research he 's commenting on ? 
  unless you 're suggesting the poll is invalid , it should n't make any difference to the actual data produced whether he is personally biased or not . 
  edit : [ here 's a link ] ( http://www.natcen.ac.uk/media/1361413/40kt-55a-brx1t-r%c2%a3p0rt_v5.pdf ) to the actual poll cited in the article , if anyone 's interested . 
  many of europe 's major languages have been influenced by other languages , you 're not saying anything profound . 
  i did n't say otherwise . 
  i was answering the post about the us . 
  manifest destiny did n't happen under british , french or dutch control , brah . 
  our nato obligations are independent of the brexit situation , and should not be used as a bargaining tool . 
  breast is cheaper than a whole chicken . 
  yep . 
  those pics of dresden after the bombings are appalling . 
  makes sense , since france will be the military centre of the eu anyway . 
  investing in eastern poland since 7,000,000 bc . 
  i was n't talking about proximity , just the absolute cost . 
  the point being you generally do n't have to be rich to go to italy if you 're in europe . 
  i mentioned the crusader sack of constantinople , do n't take my comment completely out of context . 
  what part of raiding byzantine territory was ` retaliatory ' ? 
  tbf it costs less to fly from my country to italy than it does to take a 2 hour train ride : / . 
  from the wiki page about the [ blitz ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_blitz ) :  more than one million london houses were destroyed or damaged and more than 40,000 civilians were killed , almost half of them in the capital . 
  [ 1 ]  ... by mid-november 1940 , when the germans adopted a changed plan , more than 13,000 short tons ( 12,000 t ) of high explosive and nearly 1,000,000 incendiaries had fallen on london . 
  this was mirrored ( to varying degrees ) in industrial cities [ across the uk ] ( http://www.iwm.org.uk/history/the-blitz-around-britain ) ( liverpool , cardiff , birmingham , glasgow , hull ... ) with the same resulting mixture of styles in the modern cities . 
  and that 's as relevant as my comment about the crusaders . 
  i do n't see how your comment about the first milennium invasions of iberia is remotely relevant to a thread about two women living in sarajevo in the 1940s . 
  tbf a massive portion of the city ( a million houses ) was destroyed in wwii , so today 's london is an odd mish-mash of sometimes disharmonious architectural styles that makes it hard to talk about any one kind of aesthetic impact . 
  edit : hope this answers your point about the city ` not knowing what it wants to be about ' in your other comment . 
  it also depends on the area of the city , because they 're not all the same . 
  and the crusaders sacked constantinople ( weakening the empire beyond the point of return ) and the genoese worked with the invading turks . 
  curse those perfidious christians !, 
  good call . 
  r/europe is :p . 
  well , i really hope this changes ( if italians want it to change ) . 
  i understand the wish for unity , but it would be tragic for these unique languages and cultures to be lost completely . 
  according to the exhibition in the sarajevo city hall , the jewish woman 's family ( the kabiljos ) later helped the muslim woman 's family ( the hardagas ) during the siege in the 90s . 
  also the yad vashem named the hardaga family [ ` righteous among the nations ' ] ( http://db.yadvashem.org/righteous/family.html?language=en&amp;itemid=4038777 ) ( for the people asking for sources ) . 
  edit : there 's also an article from the indy [ about the story ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/people/news/divided-by-faith-united-by-war-1946471.html ) . 
  using the term ` southern irish ' does not help your case . 
  e ' * ( for people too lazy to use the accent properly , come me per esempio ) . 
  if welsh , scots gaelic and even cornish can be revived , so can italy 's languages if there 's the will to do it . 
  was just there !, 
  beautiful place . 
  are n't the dominant demographic on reddit ( i.e , educated males in their 20s to 30s ) more likely to vote labour than tory ? 
  why the fuck are people obsessed with r/uk representing views that brits on reddit are less likely to have ? 
  lol @ your downvote . 
  he 's english though , presumably ? 
  meaning that ( along with r/uk ) is his national sub . 
  likewise i 'd expext a scot to mention r/scotland but not the english or welsh subs . 
  r/uk is pro-labour yes . 
  however it is not universally pro-corbyn , more like vehemently anti-tory ( justifiably ) . 
  came to the thread for expected whinging about corbyn - was n't disappointed . 
  topkapi does n't look especially * byzantine * to me , unlike the clear influence on the city 's big mosques . 
  they better hurry up , i do n't have much time left to enjoy eu benefits . 
  you mad ? 
  czechs ? 
  plus fanny packs and baseball caps . 
  and nuclear teeth . 
  agreed . 
  i know we 're supposed to be all respectful of everyone 's totes informed opinion and act like there 's no ** wrong ** answer , but how the fuck can i respect people who vote for a party like this ? 
  i 'm really glad that old idea of a wipeout is dying off . 
  if you claim us you get credit for our food . 
  keep that in mind :p, 
  make western europe r1b again !, 
  well , i was being somewhat ~ ~ perfidious ~ ~ tongue in cheek :p . the haplogroup thing amused me because france and spain have historically been england 's ( then britain 's ) biggest frenemies . 
  i wish we could always have been friends but that was n't the reality for most of the last 1000 years . 
  i did n't include you guys because there 's nothing tongue in cheek about our feelz for you < 3 . 
  r1b and irish isles . 
  there are a good number here in the uk living impossible lives because they get shit from both the muslim and gay communities ( who are hostile towards them or just do n't understand their particular difficulties ) . 
  sometimes it 's genuine hostility though , not just unawareness . 
  actually a lot of it ( specific biphobia ) comes from the gay community where people do n't think you belong or are untrustworthy , for the reasons mentioned above . 
  blame the sub for being obaessed . 
  up until the 20th century europe had ` always been a violent power struggle ' . 
  essentialising an entire region as inherently crazy so you do n't have to acknowledge the west 's contribution to this situation helps no one . 
  its a bit disingenuous to talk about the middle east as being ` unstable since x ' , while not addressing the role of the uk and france , and then the us in perpetuating that instability . 
  shocking . 
  great analysis . 
  * ' x country 's youth more right than x country 's youth '' * seems a lot like comparing coutries . 
  this sub cares about britain 's former empire more than anything i 've heard from brexiteers .
