   at that time , for example , listening to songs in english was illegal wow , i did n't know that . 
  that 's intense . 
  anarchism has been anti-capitalist for most of its history ( going back to the 19th century ) and most of its adherents . 
   to avoid the holocaust , if it has less extremes . 
  the holocaust was a product of fascism though , not democracy . 
  you ca n't really say nazi germany at the time of the holocaust was an extreme democracy . 
  i guess the flaw in the system is people can vote for someone who will subvert democracy . 
  but then could n't you argue that either a ) the electorate * wanted * an end to democracy , or b ) they were misled , in which case democracy has simply been incorrectly implemented . 
  is it ? 
  i did n't know that . 
  i 've seen them round all the major tourist sites in florence , venice , pisa and milan . 
  well , in english at least you 're better off getting the distinction between * anarchy * ( complete disorder and chaos ) and * anarchism * ( which generally means stateless communism ) . 
  there is plenty to critique anarchism for . 
  for a start , the tactics * some * of them employ ( attacking commerce etc in the hopes it will ` disrupt capitalism ' ) often just turn the public against them . 
  they 're extremely divided and often ca n't agree on tactics and strategy . 
  they 've been largely irrelevant since the end of the spanish civil war and are doing a bad job selling their message to people , which is why their movement is small internationally . 
  more seriously , it is difficult for them to answer how societies as technical as ours could operate with people working on a voluntary basis without the pressure of wage labour , or the impact this would have on specialisation , because there are few examples of working industrial anarchist societies ( barring parts of spain and ukraine in the early 20th century ) . 
  never mind that any anarchist revolution would be vulnerable to opposing state power , which is how the anarchist movements were crushed in [ spain ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/confederaci\u00f3n_nacional_del_trabajo#peak_of_the_cnt ) and [ ukraine ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/revolutionary_insurrectionary_army_of_ukraine ) . 
  and that 's when you 've reached the ideal end-point with everyone on board in the first place , how you reach this point ( and convince the populace to adopt anarchist principles ) to begin with is a whole other ball game . 
  but you can make these arguments without being simplistic . 
   it means that the argument `` people said that about democracy to '' does n't inspire confidence it does if you hold the current model of democratic government to be better than its predecessor , which is how i interpreted the op . 
   because liberla democracy has by no means been shown to be stable over very long periods . 
  well yeah , because the current model is only a few centuries old . 
   that gives lots of people pause . 
  does it ? 
  people have been discussing the problems of democracy since plato , it did n't take the emergence of fascism to provoke these questions . 
  i do n't think most people think the current model is perfect ( or if * any * model can be perfect ) - the question is , is it the best working model available , and is it better than what went before ? 
   1 ) there is still time for it to fail catastrophically that does n't mean it * will * though , or that because one society failed an anarchist one would . 
   2 ) when we have seen it fail catestrophically it midwifed pretty much the worst thing ever ... an example of * a * failed democracy is not a universal argument against democracy . 
  we 've had world wars with countries following pretty much every major political model ( feudal , capitalist democratic , fascist , state socialist ) . 
  what 's your point ? 
   it 's not all just fun and games and no corruption . 
  it 's just as hard hitting as it might be freeing . 
  it 's perfectly legitimate to disagree with anarchism as a political philosophy ( and most people do ) without simplistically appealing to ` human nature ' and nebulous ramblings about ` fun and games ' and ` the destruction that will come ' . 
  at least put some effort into it . 
  french culture and language do still have an awful lot of prestige and weight though , and that 's ` soft ' power . 
  what 's some good current french tv by the way ? 
  i have n't watched any since * les revenants * and * spiral * . 
  influencing public opinion with bots is n't really the same as soft power . 
  so people touting crap to tourists in sight-seeing areas prevents italian youths getting jobs , eh ? 
  how will one of the biggest economies on the planet survive that senegalese guy trying to sell me a waka waka bracelet next to ponte vecchio !, 
   if there were to be anarchy , then they themselves and their family would be simply ravaged . 
  that 's not what anarchism is . 
  err ... * iirc they rebelled a few times against the byzantine emperors and suffered reprisals from them . 
  * has amazing monasteries like rila and bachkovo that are n't just religious sites but important depositories of bulgarian culture and art . 
  * is surprisingly green considering how south it is . 
  * has great wines . 
  * sofia is one of the longest inhabited cities/areas in europe . 
  * is very unslavic in that its language has no noun declension and has definite articles for some reason . 
  they took scotland up to the firth of forth ( where they constructed a second wall ) . 
  eventually they gave up plans of expanding further and retreated back to hadrian 's wall . 
  we 'd be slightly less responsible for the shit that 's going down in the region . 
  that 's worth it to me . 
  which i have never in my life said , so please direct your salt elsewhere . 
  this sub is fucking full of these ` gib clay ' jokes . 
  do you complain about each and every one of them , or do you wait around rubbing your hands together eagerly until a brit makes one ? 
  you 've unleashed one spicy r/europe thread op . 
  i hope you 're proud of yourself . 
  what tf are you on about ? 
  i was clearly joking . 
   why is n't iceland included as british in that article ? 
  time to invade iceland ( again ) boys !, 
  london has had two in the last year . 
  should i be afraid to go to london ? 
  also the whole of turkey is not istanbul or the syrian border . 
  i know wizzair do cheap flights there now ( i saw a flight from kutaisi to london for # 20 a few months ago ) . 
  turkey , bosnia , iran , jordan and uae are all pretty much ok for tourists afaik . 
  you 're trolling , right ? 
  we do have our fair share of trolls and crazies unfortunately ( who get really embarrassing if you mention the falklands/malvinas , ireland , india , gibraltar etc ) . 
  glad you had a good time mate !, 
  argentina is the place i most want to visit in south america . 
   but i 've noticed a lot of brits seem to be very hostile about the subject on the internet , has their media really painted us that badly ? 
  honestly i would say most people do n't think about it and would n't have anything against argentines . 
   the baltic countries love russians . 
  ehhh rather than a falklands/malvinas thing between the argentine and the brit i 'd say like and dislike will come down more to temperament . 
  based on the argentines i 've met and the stereotypes of those countries i 'd say your friend is most likely to get along with the italian and spaniard and less likely to instantly click with the brit , german and russian depending on how uptight or distant they were . 
  outside the context of the falklands/malvinas ( which people only tend to think about when it becomes an issue in the media every few years ) , i 'd say favourably but people do n't know much about south america in general . 
  argentina and uruguay are the countries i most want to visit in south america though . 
  * depends what kind of holiday you 're into . 
  eastern europe has beautiful cities and great partying . 
  southern europe has beautiful cities , the best food in europe and a warmer climate . 
  central and northern europe have really beautiful nature ( this is subjective ) . 
  * italian . 
  * imo greece , or eastern europe in general . 
  for men southern europe . 
  i 'd really like to travel through the north of turkey to georgia and armenia . 
  looks like a beautiful part of the world . 
   democracy has always been the enemy to the right , that 's why they always weaken it when they get into power , like what 's happening in the uk brexit is bad for ( most of ) the rich and yet we 're going along with it . 
  besides that , democracy in the uk has n't changed much over the last century . 
  do n't hold your breath !, 
  they even had the red white and blue jet display in honour of the union flag . 
  such a nice gesture of them on their national day . 
   my point is the norway solution is worse than eu membership in pretty much every single way . 
  how ? 
  the uk would get to make its own trade deals and would only be subject to around 25 % of eu laws ( iirc ) . 
  we 'd be free of the political union people have become so hysterical about , no eu army etc , while getting to retain single market membership and saving us from economic calamity ( in the short-term at least ) . 
  i 'd much rather we remained in the eu , but since people are making sure that 's not an option , i 'm hoping for an attempt at soft brexit as the best alternative under the circumstances . 
   i think i 'll take that over the theoretical best-case scenario bullshit and conjecture pedalled by the tabloids . 
  we have no plans !, 
  it 's going to be great !,
