  3 ) trans people have been serving in the uk forces for a while and as far as i 'm aware there have been no problems . 
   just do n't get why people need to identify as their sexuality . 
  well stop identifying as our sexuality , when people stop targeting us for who we sleep with . 
  daily reminder trump has scaled back trans rights and given high offices to people who oppose lgbt rights and support conversion therapy like mike pence . 
   would you like straight people running around to show everyone they 're straight in the most annoying possible way ? 
  we have that , it 's called every day of the year . 
  people using the phrase ` virtue signalling ' un-ironically just seem like they do n't want to be taken seriously as people tbh . 
  kil it , kil it wi\u00f0 faiar . 
  no need for pedantry , you know what i meant . 
  it might not be ` higher ground ' , but at least the eu is n't trying to renege on the iran deal on moral pretences while hypocritically continuing to work with ksa et al. 
  seems an odd thing to shoehorn into the conversation . 
  i can see that this could set a really nasty precedent . 
  i dunno , maybe this has already been happening for a while but we just do n't hear about it ( especially with all the nameless migrants who 've passed through europe in the last decade or so ) . 
  on the one hand , i 'm pleased may 's rating has declined so much . 
  on the other hand , i 'm shocked trump 's rating is higher than may 's ... 
  did he claim otherwise ? 
  i thought the point was the hypocrisy in selectively disapproving of * one * while happily doing business with the other . 
  following the nuclear deal , the eu is no longer doing that . 
  i would too tbh . 
  most european languages are phonetic , do n't know why you think it 's a germanic thing . 
  is n't that turkey and lebanon ? 
  pretty sure * a lot * more people would be talking if we took in a million refugees . 
  comparing the uk to venezuela ? 
  we 've reached peak r/europe . 
  nah , those subs are a pale imitation of this one when it comes to making the uk look like * the purge * . 
  \\ #brexitsuccess, 
  might have been a better idea to ask * before * brexit . 
   by entering the eu we have lost our sovereignty , eu nations have pooled sovereignty . 
  we all still have sovereignty , otherwise we would not be allowed to leave . 
  well it 's not over yet tbf ( famous last words ? 
  france and italy please pay debts for 1066 and rome pls , that we can use to pay ireland and india . 
  that backlash is n't going to go away though . 
  people will blame the eu if they do n't get a hard brexit , if they do n't get the deal they want , if they 're mildly inconvenienced in any way . 
  i suppose though eu27 citizens wo n't have to deal with it , so i can understand the attraction of having us out . 
  from my pov , hard brexit is one of the worst possible scenarios , and i 'm hoping on the daily that it fails ( even with the threat of backlash ) . 
  i 'd rather not have the economy damaged and peoples ' lives ruined to ` teach a lesson ' , thanks all the same . 
  lol . 
   your post is like saying `` how can you criticize the soviet union 's dictators ? 
  they had brutal emperors , oligarchs , and slavery before them ! '', 
  it 's all very similar . 
  this seems like a lazy reading of his post tbh , and i do n't know how you got that from what he wrote . 
  the way i understood it was he was laying out the genesis of the situation that started as a period that saw an improvement to the everyday lives of poor people ( which is why they supported chavez ) that descended into corruption and cronyism within the chavez regime and increased under maduro . 
   this is all about the poor , dumb and angry masses that were ( and still are ) easily rallied to dictators that empower them , and a middle class that is ignored or can dismissed of as anti-revolutionary fascist-capitalists . 
  but now the oil money is almost completely gone , and they too are getting increasingly anti-governmental . 
  you know it 's possible to condemn the current rulers of venezuela while acknowledging the problems that lead to the poor voting for chavez ( unless you think you can definitively prove there was no economic inequality before chavez came to power ) . 
  thanks !, 
  i could n't remember which was which . 
  looks more like an old person with a crooked spine stooped over a walking stick ( which is ireland i guess ) . 
  wales could be the grassy patch the lion and unicorn are standing on i spose . 
  also welsh ( unless that 's sindarin ) . 
  and wales would not exist ? 
  his parents were big harry potter fans , and were taking him to london to see the film sets when their ship got blown of course , leading them to discover america . 
  nah , the ice-cream i 've actually had in italy has been thicker and more flavourful . 
  it 's almost always good , whether i 've bought it in milan or pisa . 
  outside of italy it 's generally less rich and it 's less consistently good from vendor to vendor imo . 
   ~ ~ pistacchio ~ ~ gianduja master race, 
  so that 's one single instance , yet somehow we 're able to characterise not only the entire leave campaign ( and i say this as a remainer ) , but also the entire bloody uk as being obsessed with its long-lost empire ? 
  edgy . 
  it is not a good point . 
  hoping we can get a good deal from the us is not ` claiming its culture ' , especially since the us is often something we define ourselves * against * . 
   please post me an example of this ... do n't hold your breath . 
  in the uk pakistanis will very much consider it offensive , because that 's the way it was used against them . 
  hence why it might be a little tactful not to use the word when discussing pakistani migration to the uk . 
  the implication of that is that remainers were n't already pro-eu before the referendum , which i do n't think is true . 
  edit : otherwise why would they have voted remain ffs ? 
   yup , it 's pretty obvious here on reddit . 
  half of them still wet dream of their lost empire , claiming that they ruled the world and were the biggest empire ever wank wank and the other half consider all modern american accomplishment as their own , because you know , the usa is their child and all . 
  suuuuuure we do . 
  i get all my geopolitical and cultural knowledge about france from polandball too !, 
  if it were a woman in the pic and she had a body like that , the comments would be much worse . 
  but the stat includes intra-eu migration . 
  will you check how much is which before you start lamenting ` the replacement of german culture ' , or just jump to a knee-jerk response again ? 
  and why is non-eu migration ` replacement ' , but intra-eu ` replacement ' is fine ? 
  you have an eu flair , but apparently have an issue with the mixing that will inevitably follow closer integration ? 
  or was it just ` non-eu ' migration you were referring to ? 
   you dont ' t have to be racist or even far right to be alarmed by mass-immigration . 
  how about being left and seeing the strain on the welfare state and are concerned about not keeping it on a adequate level to support the less fortunate in our countries ? 
  the stat includes intra-eu migration though , which does n't necessarily mean a ` strain on welfare ' unless you believe in benefit tourism . 
  censorship bros < 3, 
   but yes they did change the language in ways that make it more different to bulgarian , especially the spelling . 
  bulgarian changed too and since macedonian did n't adopt the same changes this drove them further apart . 
  that 's basically what i meant - politically driven efforts to distance one dialect or variant from another . 
  did macedonia try to ` de-bulgarise ' its language , like croatia changed officially sanctioned vocabulary after gaining independence ? 
  sorry , did n't mean for my reply to be dickish . 
  i 'd just say the uk posts are mostly about brexit ( as other people are saying ) , rather than it being inherently more popular . 
  plus the english language thing means it gets more attention . 
  the uk 's not ` popular ' , it 's the current focus of scrutiny and shitposting . 
  pretty sure people have been predicting the pound crashing will result in short-term boost to exports . 
  nothing ` narrative challenging ' about this , unfortunately for brexiteers . 
   hope ** they ** so the entire non-white population of the uk = pakistanis , eh ? 
   gay dudes just fuck buttholes , not very noble or honourable so only people who reach your standard of ` honour ' are worthy of not being tortured and murdered ? 
   i am taking this with a pinch of salt . 
  that 's the sensible approach , yes . 
  might need more than a pinch though . 
  i ca n't tell any more : / . 
  lol . 
  yes , i 'm sure you * really * care about us gay folks . 
  ` the british left ' , which left would that be , labour ? 
  beautiful . 
  i 'm also gay , i took it as a joke .
