   the wildlings should be scottish live in scotland , can confirm . 
  off topic , but i 'm trying to translate a text from italian to english and could n't figure out what * craxiani * meant . 
  thanks , op !, 
   however , i get it , not everything can be covered in the classroom , and british history has quite a few relevant and interesting periods after all - still a shame . 
  well ... 
  i do n't know , the anglo-saxons were the beginning of england ( as a political , cultural and linguistic entity ) , so you 'd think they 'd get a bit more attention . 
  at least in the last decade or so it seems like this is changing a little bit , with historians like michael wood and bettany hughes giving them a bit more pr ( as well as tv shows like * the last kingdom * ) . 
   it 's such a cool period with a nice narrative , with alfred the great defeating the invaders , all the way up until \u00c6thelred and edmund ironside 's unfortunate ends . 
  what interests me most about the time is how ` mixed ' it was , with the separate as polities co-existing with the danish/norse and brythonic communities , as well as irish missionaries . 
  i 'm from the former danelaw and there are dialect words from there up to scotland that we got from norse ( * by , fell , gate , kirk , bairn , flyt * being a few obvious ones ) . 
  even as v4 ? 
  thanks for this !, 
  as u/eris-x says , the anglo-saxon period is n't very well known in england , since english history usually begins with 1066 ( ironically ) in schools . 
  one of my favourite anglo-saxon figures is [ \u00c6thelfl\u00e6d ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/\u00c6thelfl\u00e6d ) , if you 're familiar with her . 
  they 'll just find somewhere else on the med to go . 
  genocide in ireland is one thing , but abolishing christmas ? 
  appalling . 
  then is n't it also right to say we should n't view them * positively * via our modern lens ? 
  if he can be viewed positively for ` discovering ' america , he can be viewed negatively for enslaving and wiping out the taino . 
  rule britannia ? 
  edit : more seriously , i guess ` stiff upper lip ' , ` keep calm and carry on ' , ` make do and mend ' etc. 
  would be the classic ones for england ( though they do n't apply today as much as they did in the past ) . 
  in the original sense of the word ( live simply but well ) , or the more modern use of the word ( yolo ) ? 
   do something nice with people you like . 
  that 's such a * hygge * thing to say . 
  how do you mean ? 
  people in the past have discriminated against them based on race , but that 's improved over the past few decades . 
  as a group they 've been extremely successful in britain . 
  o_o you can get it for # 1-1 .50 in paris or milan . 
  even in ( most of ) the uk , you could get a latte or cappuccino for that price rather than a shot of espresso . 
  oh definitely , i can totally see why . 
  everyone has to work out where to draw their line in the sand i guess . 
   and maybe wales i think ? 
  lol seriously ? 
  are you basing this purely on brexit ? 
  i found paris generally cheaper : / . 
  maybe it 's that there 's a wider range of places to eat , drink and do things for less in paris than in vienna ? 
  i 'm gay too , but if i exclude places as travel destinations on the basis of homophobia there are very few countries i 'd be able to travel too * . 
  i can understand why you would feel different , that 's just my take on it ( i could probably find a reason to boycott most countries , including my own ) . 
  personally i 'm hoping to see iran ( if they ever change the visa rules for brits ) , lebanon , and morocco . 
  * i 'm able to pass mind you , so safety in that situation is a different ball game for me than it would be for others . 
  vienna is one of the most expensive cities i 've visited ( never having gone to the netherlands or scandinavia , mind you ) . 
  $ 3 for espresso ? 
  bitch please . 
  came here for this . 
  still one of my favourite reddit posts . 
  +1 for albania . 
  i think he means it 's improved a lot in the last decade or so . 
  ironically , glasgow has one of the nicer big city centres in the uk :p . it 's definitely grey and imposing , but to me that 's just british architecture . 
  there are n't many big cities here that were n't transformed by industry in the 19th century ( maybe central edinburgh , bath , york , oxford and cambridge are exceptions to this , but they 're not that big ) . 
  i can get why you do n't like it , especially since traditional polish architecture is so colourful and pretty . 
  i kind of like the grey , miserable cities of the uk though ( minus the post-50s brutalist/functionalist architecture ) . 
  the only ones i 've truly disliked to any extent are in the uk . 
  have n't been anywhere as a tourist i fundamentally disliked , since i was never there long enough to form any judgemental impression . 
  i was n't keen on milan the first couple of times i went , but it grew on me when i got to stay there with friends rather than as a tourist . 
   as an amsterdammer , rotterdam makes a hard case for the top spot . 
  is that like a rivalry thing , or do you genuinely not like rotterdam ? 
  i 've never been to either so i ca n't compare . 
  the ` english ' one would be st george 's day in that case , but it 's not very popular because people still associate it with edl type thugs . 
  the only other ` national days ' people will celebrate in england are british rather than specific to england ( ve day , queen 's whatever anniversary , armistice day etc ) . 
  prague would also be my number 1 . 
  #praguenumbahwan after that i 'd say a mix of edinburgh , budapest , florence , venice and istanbul ( old cities/city centres ) . 
  british and isles is n't much of an effort to say tbf . 
  i 'm ok with that . 
   british isles : the british isles irish people will dislike this suggestion for at least two reasons :p . 
  growing up i never heard `` jock '' or `` taff '' get used by younger people . 
  instead they 'd resort to saying `` sheep shagger '' or what have you . 
  maybe it depends on which part of england you 're from though - i think the people in my hometown were more preoccupied with finding ways to insult non-white people . 
  take my upvote and get out . 
  my favourite one is * cloggies * for the dutch ( old-fashioned and no one says this any more afaik ) , because it 's so cute and stupid . 
  cool , never heard those before . 
  i do n't know if younger people actually use * jock * now , it seems like more of an old-fashioned thing ( might be wrong on this though ) . 
  those jocks are so damned tight-fisted they could n't even spare us a national slur  . 
  in my experience it depends on the culture of the area ( uk ) . 
  in my poor-ass , working class hometown it 's fairly uncommon . 
  in edinburgh though , which is liberal utopia , every third person is a vegetarian and i know a lot of vegans . 
  it 's kind of ok in words like * dob\u0159e * , but after * t * ( like t\u0159i ) it 's impossible . 
  i have a lot of trouble saying * parle * . 
  the french * r * for me is usually simple to pronounce but not that fucking word . 
  that 's because common brits go to majorca ? 
  they generally do n't go to places outside europe because it 's too expensive , meaning the rest of the world meets non-common brits . 
  ah fair enough , i was thinking more food on the go . 
  in that case then yeah , hot dogs , chips , and ice cream . 
   puff dogs triggered, 
  cecina ftw . 
  really ? 
  i 'd say pasties ( and other assorted greggs goods ) are more common than hot dogs . 
  i was n't suggesting otherwise really , just replying to the op implying some sort of moral difference between the english and french monarchs . 
  i do n't think * most * monarchies or aristocracies cared much about the wider population on a personal level . 
  maybe in the way people today care about farm animals being able to have nice roomy cages and grass to run around on before they get eaten ... 
  gare de loz\u00e8re is indeed remote , right at the end of the rer b line . 
   actually , being a superhero is not really a very british thing - that would involve drawing far too much attention to oneself . 
  true . 
  i mean , we could nick anything created by neil gaiman or alan moore ( * v for vendetta ? 
  * ) , otherwise from entertainment/movies etc i 'd say bond . 
  that 's a bit simplistic . 
  louis xiv cared about * france * ( or at least making it more powerful and fabulous , which he did ) . 
  edit : woops , added a numeral . 
  i think it 's our food culture that worsened this stereotype , rather than our actual cuisine ( which is no blander than northern european cuisines in general ) . 
  i mean , wwii onwards we got used to scarcity and weird preserved foods like spam , then fell in love with super markets and american convenience foods , all the while people apparently still reluctant to use seasoning or spices in anything and still boiling everything to death .
