   i live in edinburgh new town . 
  same . 
  i think the house i 'm in is about 190 years old . 
  pretty sure the archer association is an invention from the 19th century . 
  still a great story though . 
  not really nowadays , but it used to be quite common . 
  is class not a thing in post-warsaw pact countries ? 
  i 've tried explaining how class works in the uk to friends from central and eastern europe , and they never seem to get it ( although maybe the uk is a very particular example ) . 
  i sometimes surf for italian articles to improve my crappy italian and came across some [ ` culture shock ' ] ( https://acrossthechannel.org/2014/05/21/15-cose-sugli-inglesi-che-gli-italiani-non-capiscono/ ) pieces about brits ( ` do brits shower every day ? 
  ' , ` why do n't brits use bidets ? 
  ' , ` why do brits have carpets in bathrooms ? ', 
  etc ) . 
  first time i heard that other countries think we 're gross . 
   the uk will leave the eu before 2348 ( before the galactic federation invades ... ) ; as long as we can have galactic opt-outs we might hold out until then . 
  yeah , as someone not really familiar with any of those languages , all i really hear is lots of long rolling vowels . 
  written languages : the difficult ones would be the baltic languages , and i could n't tell the difference between say , serbian , ukrainian and bulgarian in written form ( though i can read cyrillic ) . 
  also regional languages that i 'm less familiar with , like veneto or aragonese , would be difficult to identify . 
  spoken : all the major romance and germanic languages are easy , except i have trouble telling the difference between norwegian and swedish . 
  estonian/finnish/saami would be hard , and sometimes with slavic languages i have to listen out for key sounds like \u0159 or whether they use ` ne ' , or ` nie ' , or ` tak ' , ` ano ' , or ` da ' . 
  edit : irish , scots-gaelic , and welsh are also easy to tell apart when spoken , but irish and scots gaelic written are a bit trickier ( except that scots gaelic seems a bit wordier ) . 
  oh definitely , in modern english you ca n't really use those words interchangeably ( outside of poetry maybe ) , because they have different shades of meaning . 
  i just think that 's one of the reasons english has such a large lexicon . 
  dishes associated with thanksgiving like sweet potato pie . 
  meatloaf , deep-pan pizza , burgers , tex-mex and creole . 
  tbf a lot of those words kind of mean the same thing ( or have the same original semantic meaning ) . 
  eg : door , entrance , ingress , portal . 
   people literally asked me , if czechs bang on the streets . 
  that would be the british tourists in prague . 
  i have n't seen ** nearly ** enough of the continent to be able to give you many ` insider ' tips . 
  what i will say though is this : the east will give you vastly more bang for your bucks than most of the west ( i traveled through central/eastern europe for 5 weeks this summer for # 800 , and could have done it cheaper ) . 
  if you make it to italy , try to leave the venice/tuscany/rome trail and see the east or the south . 
  lastly , if you get the chance ( and you have the time and inclination ) i really recommend istanbul . 
  it 's a bit out the way but only half a day 's bus ride from sofia . 
  whatever you choose you 're going to have an amazing trip !, 
  speaking for the the uk , we 're able to live that way because guns are n't common outside the underworld ( thankfully ) . 
  i guess if * everyone * had guns then waiting for police to deal with an intruder might not be an option . 
  i 'm not a fan of guns at all but you have to admit the context in the us is a bit more complex . 
  also every single one of my leftie continental friends seems to listen to kenny arkana . 
  tuscany is always a good choice , or maybe bologna ( a bit less crowded and gets you access to cities like ravenna ) . 
  in august pretty much anywhere south of austria will be rammed and insufferably hot . 
  china is now communist in name only , so it 's a moot point . 
  that 's pretty much the journey i want to do when i finish uni ( maybe going through the caucasus to turkey as an alternative to russia ) . 
  if i could travel there unsupervised i 'd be on a plane tomorrow !, 
  i 'd still love to go , just might have to wait until i can afford a tour or the visa rules change . 
   does that mean we 'll be able to go through the historical center without being asked to enter casinos and offered drugs / bad exchange rates ? 
  sounds like you need more drunken brits . 
  can confirm . 
   the problem is , there is no unsafe `` zones '' in europe . 
  i think there are definitely parts of cities that are more dodgy than others . 
  you probably wo n't end up in any of those areas as a * tourist * , but i would n't go so far as to say every area is completely safe . 
  mayo with chips/fries is amazing . 
  native : english not too shitty/b2 : italian pretty shitty ( a1-a2 + passive knowledge through italian ) : spanish and french interested in learning : german , czech , norwegian, 
  ` eastern europe ' for the 2nd half of the 20th century pretty much meant ` warsaw pact countries ' , not ` orthodox and cyrillic writing ' . 
  apparently the likes of the daily mail attacked the show for being too ` pc ' ( the top contestants were gay , muslim , or not white ) , and [ she ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/tv-and-radio/2016/aug/14/bake-off-winner-nadiya-hussain-racist-abuse-is-part-of-her-everyday-life ) got a lot of racist tweets etc. 
  i think she got extra hate because she 's hijabi , and explicit signs of islam can attract a lot of negativity . 
  unless ` for defence only ' was written into law like in japan ? 
  ( what constitutes ` defence ' could by twisted i guess , but still . ), 
  the opium wars ? 
   the british empire was , generally speaking , not a force for good for the people who lived in the colonies is the view that it * was * a force for good in the majority ? 
  i hope not . 
   a lot of european criticism of british cuisine is well-founded , although we have made huge improvements in the last 20 years which europe often fails to recognise british cuisine is really no worse than other northern european cuisines ( i.e , heavy and bland ) . 
  what made/makes british food bad is imo our food culture , which turned to shit after wwii thanks to ration foods and the later introduction of convenience products . 
  what you 're describing is just cultural differences , and as a tourist your only responsibility is to be respectful of the country , not be an arsehole and to enjoy yourself - not to stop being american . 
  i 'd advise being less self-conscious and just be yourself . 
  honestly , if i can deal with most brits being associated with drunken stag dos , football hooliganism and brexit fuckwitery you can deal with a few people thinking americans smile too much . 
  four eu countries currently have opt-outs . 
  the uk is n't the only special snowflake , just the most special . 
  also , it 's obviously highly unlikely that oz will ever join the eu , but if they tried it would be up to the bloc to decide whether they 'd accept such a thing . 
  you have to admit extending shengen to the indian/pacific oceans would be ... challenging . 
  tbf cyprus is classed as being in asia . 
  i reckon it 's more like geography + culture + economy . 
  they 'd just need to negotiate a shengen opt-out and they 'd basically operate in same way as the uk has done . 
  free movement of goods and people but they have to get through the border first . 
  what do you think is happening to ` our people ' ? 
  are the immigrants all pushing us into the north sea ? 
  unfortunately lincs has even worse places than boston . 
   but they mostly backstabbed us whenever they got the chance . 
  that 's just england 's way of saying we love you . 
  how can you spot an italian in the uk ? 
  jacket and scarf for anything below 20 \u00b0 :p . 
  ahh yes , the exquisite art of frantically moving from one tap to another to avoid the extreme temperatures . 
  nothing makes you feel more alive !, 
   it 's no wonder they go mental . 
  they go mental because of how damn expensive it is . 
  4 euros for coffee ? 
  bitch please . 
   if we do n't fight for our rights they will be taken away forever . 
  wish more people in the uk would get this , instead of turning on those striking or protesting . 
  one of my favourite cities in the uk tbh . 
  mind you , i 'm from ` humberside ' so literally anything is better . 
  as an englishman , it 's not just you guys that hate her . 
  only a twat would actually admire thatcher after the shit she got up to . 
  not to mention the way the city 's set up to channel dirty money from around the world , and all the tax breaks corporations are given . 
  also +1 for ireland ( along with italy and czechia out of the places i 've visited ) . 
  as a native english speaker i prefer czechia . 
  my czech friends here in scotland use that or just ` czech ' ( which imo sounds retarded in english ) . 
  also if you 're desperate and not rushed you can bus around really cheaply with companies like flixbus , megabus and polskibus . 
  maybe not ideal long-distance but for short journeys i 'd recommend it for the money it 'll save . 
  same . 
  have a lot of czech friends and they 're very similar in some ways ( pessimism , sarcastic and dark sense of humour etc ) .
