  and for boys it 's drugs , benefits and the occasional bit of prison . 
  northern english master race !, 
  i keep seeing people say that the big divide in england is between urban and rural areas , but as someone from one of these northern crap towns i 've always felt a bigger difference between deprived and affluent towns and cities . 
  was n't al-andalus more advanced than the rest of europe at the time ? 
  edit : lol @ downvotes . 
  new opt-outs written into law on an eu army and the commitment to closer union are ` nothing ' ? 
  an even older example is wales , which was part of england for 7 centuries . 
  now it 's a country in its own right and could perhaps * one day * be independent . 
  what about the possibility of continuing free movement between roi and ni , but re-installing checks between the islands ? 
  would n't be so different to what 's currently in place . 
  lol at the downvotes . 
   this sub is mostly a left wing lol ? 
  have you seen what happens any time an actual left-wing party or politician gets mentioned here ? 
  not to mention the opposition to islam and anything considered to be ` pc culture ' . 
  a ) how the fuck is it his ` responsibility ' if he voted neither tory nor leave ? 
  b ) 37 % of the electorate voted for the tories , so no . 
  really ? 
  advantages to living in scotland +1 . 
  scotland 's elites chose to join the union - it 's not a colony . 
  so no . 
  the moment germany starts to throw their weight about politically you 'll get more twats like ukip screaming about german tyranny . 
  lol a nation being concerned about its citizens equals evil eu ? 
  tell me more about ` overreaching ' ... 
  48 % of voters - wow such a fringe minority of loony leftists . 
  ** democracy means you ca n't have an opinion and should shut up apparently . 
  yes , that 48 % of voters that voted remain , middle class students the lot of 'em . 
  i 'd say the divide is more between rich and poor urban areas . 
  it 's the towns and cities in northern england and wales that have been massively hit by de-industrialisation and intergenerational unemployment that are turning towards groups like ukip and whatever the new far right party is ( bnp/edl/britain first etc ) . 
  rural communities are often home to middle-class commuters anyway ( especially in the south east ) . 
  we do n't all buy into the ` surrender monkey ' bollocks btw , so do n't hold it against all of us . 
  if we did n't have the channel we 'd have likely been fucked as well . 
  most primary schools in england are religious ( protestant ) . 
  i went to one . 
  eh , the rest of you continental bastards will break up too one day  , we 'll just have to see who lasts longest . 
  uk * please , england is n't a sovereign nation . 
  welcome to being swedish , english , russian or greek on r/europe , i guess . 
  yeah . 
  where people opposed the eu on ideology alone ( left and right ) at least it 's an honest answer , even if i disagree . 
  otherwise many of the lexit arguments i heard were just incoherent . 
  i do n't know what their response will be if a recession hits ( with the inevitable cuts ) . 
   the left are n't some homogenous blob . 
  i would never claim they are , and i also do n't claim there are n't problems with the eu . 
  i was just commenting on some of the contradictions within the lexit campaign ( my own position as a lefty being brexit comparatively gains very little but may cost a lot . ), 
  i still do n't understand lexit , and i 'm a lefty . 
  opposing the eu for austerity and ttip when our government has the biggest hard-on for both ? 
  opposing the eu on the grounds that it 's anti-immigration , but then supporting a move which could potentially endanger eu migrants in the uk ? 
  ` banging on about greece ' ( as you said ) , yet voting for a move which leaves us alone with a governing party which has historically been hostile to organised labour , worker 's rights and the welfare state ? 
  only 30 % of all brits voted tory , so no . 
  can we not celebrate misery please ? 
  not everyone voted fucking brexit or for the tories . 
  edit : and even if they did it 's fucking morbid to cheer their misfortune . 
  they 're saying it should n't be privatised , which it should n't be . 
  ( so leggere l'italiano , fortunatamente ! ), 
  fair enough . 
  my issue with a burka/burkini ban is unless you ban * all * religious clothing from public view it just looks like you 're targeting muslims in particular . 
  unless your goal is to remove every facet of religion from public view i do n't see any advantage . 
  ca n't you ? 
  i 'm not sure that 's the same across europe . 
  that 's assuming that people in non-roman europe were all happily at peace and were n't themselves fighting over territory , which seems unlikely . 
  well where should it be leading ? 
  how did i do that ? 
  my point is correct - the uk is n't secular , therefore a handful of policemen displaying religious affiliation is legally and historically permissible . 
  i do n't see why it 's any more offensive than having ` by the grace of god ' written on our currency . 
  a handful of bobbies wearing religious symbols ( which has been happening for a long time ) is going to make fuck all difference to anyone 's lives and is undeserving of all this outrage . 
   so much negativity in this post from people who will not be affected in any way by the introduction of this . 
  as usual on the internet . 
  i 'm especially loving the ' i do n't want this ! ', 
  comments from people who do n't even fucking live here . 
  jesus this sub is getting trigger happy . 
  patrols are usually mixed because of the threat of violence . 
  there are bishops in the house of lords , and the lords ** do ** have power . 
  the uk is not a secular state . 
   indigenous people the other were actual british citizens . 
  you 're splitting hairs here . 
  in 2002 , all citizens of [ british oversees territories ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/british_overseas_territories_act_2002 ) were granted british citizenship , so the chagossians would be eligible if they had n't already been evicted . 
   then there 's also a massive difference between selling an island willingly and having it taken from you by force . 
  presumably not for the islanders , since either scenario results in their eviction and dispossession . 
  and we have n't * sold * the islands , we 've leased them to the americans , so even now we could potentially allow the islanders to return ( meaning your point about different times/different attitudes is n't quite valid ) . 
   small group the population of the chagos islands was roughly the same as the population of the falklands today . 
  to be clear , i absolutely think we were right to defend the falklands and it should be up to the islanders to decide their future . 
  but the disparity in treatment of each group is pretty damning . 
  would have been another nail in the coffin for the uk 's ` big player ' reputation i suppose . 
  i ca n't believe it was just about the people when we had no problems kicking the chagossians off their islands to make way for a us military base . 
  lol . 
  mostly true , unfortunately . 
  nazism is left-wing ? 
  lol . 
  the punchline is that the only thing significant about northern england is the road that runs through it ( the m1 connects london to leeds ) . 
  ` red tape ' we had to fight for a century to develop . 
  a free trade deal is n't the same as access to the single market though . 
  well , they 're not going to be popular with people who do n't want the union to break up for obvious reasons . 
  but yeah , the media have been at the snp for a long time . 
  til poland has been accepting [ migrants from scotland ] ( http://www.krakowpost.com/7881/2014/03/scots-in-poland-poles-in-scotland ) since the 15th century . 
  ... too late . 
  labour is traditionally a left/centre-left party . 
  it 's hardly some fucking secret that it contains actual leftists ( that just hasn '' t been the party 's main direction since it shifted towards the centre in the 90s ) . 
  regarding nationalisation , that 's a handful of measures that i think would be fairly popular , barring maybe energy companies . 
  it 's hardly a loony fringe position . 
  nah , it 's just that in this sub someone running on a fairly social democrat campaign is a far-left whack job russian mole . 
  he specifically said he does not support negotiations with isis ( that was owen smith ) .
