  is india not ` diverse ' because it 's mostly ` asian ' ? 
  for the most part i agree with you . 
  my original comment was a joke in response to the many , many posts you will see on reddit which state that the us has higher crime rates because black people ( which eu states supposedly do n't have ) . 
  gurl please , england unified in the 10th century . 
  england became much more successful in war after the invasion though , so it 's possible the uk would n't be unified if it were n't for the normans . 
   ~ 75 % chinese , ~ 13 % malay , ~ 9 % indian  canada is 86 % white . 
  germany is 92 % european . 
  such incredibly diversity at work here . 
  so for some countries/regions you 're using ethnicity as an indication of diversity , but for others it 's race ? 
   compared to the rest of the world , they are very , very homogenous . 
  please , enlighten us . 
  also every r/europe thread relating to immigration tbh . 
  uk , germany , netherlands , belgium , australia , and canada are homogeneous ? 
  it 's all that homogeneity . 
  plus , the religious tolerance and stuff . 
  yep . 
  invasion and domination by french-speaking aristos will do that to a country . 
  well ... at least we beat the us . 
  ( edit : ` we ' being the eu . ), 
   the titantic is about to hit the iceberg . 
  people have been saying this ( wishfully ) for at least a decade . 
  it 's not going to happen . 
  i generally really like czechs . 
  your pessimism and sadistic sense of humour speak to my soul . 
  someone in europe actually kind of * likes * us ? 
  i 've never been so proud . 
  some countries lump us all together as ` english ' . 
  opt-out number 836 . 
   they are intent on never letting another eu treaty pass , until they finally get what they really want : either the dissolution of the eu , or the netherlands out of the eu . 
  so they think they can upstage the uk as most eurosceptic , do they ? 
   why do you think that these countries should all be under a single banner , and not making decisions independently ? 
  because most of them want to join ? 
  it 's fine when it 's not muslims doing it . 
  still waiting for those sources . 
  do n't hold your breath . 
  the [ place ] ( https://www.google.co.uk/search?q=smashed+telephone+box&amp;biw=1366&amp;bih=667&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewjb-rkfsfdlahwdarqkhssnc1wq_auibigb ) brits go to express their feelings . 
  has n't been a good night out until you 've trashed a bus stop or phone box . 
  zionist homogay agenda proceeding as planned . 
  this happens everywhere , you 're not special in that regard . 
  do you mean you do n't identify with ` britain ' , or just the bit in the middle that begins with an ` e ' ? 
   i despair of the rightward shift in politics too , but to be fair the tories do n't have a huge majority . 
  i think more people might have been convinced to vote labour if the party had n't allowed the tories and ukip to control the discourse since 2008 . 
  also , the scots ( understandably ) abandoning labour made a win much more difficult . 
  i do n't think it 's a ` pc ' thing on the whole ( before people start circlejerking ) , but more of a class thing . 
  english flags and iconography get lumped in with council estates and football hooliganism , for some reason . 
  til the house of lancaster conquered southern bohemia . 
  lower taxes for who ? 
  the rich are paying more ( because they have more ) , but are proportionally paying less . 
   they have started to condition the population to the upcoming ground invasion in syria . 
  their last attempt was ( shockingly ) defeated in parliament . 
  now the conditions in syria are less favourable to appeals for intervention and the uk is currently distracted by brexit and the refugee crisis . 
  successfully manages to piss off both irish and brits . 
  i used an extreme example . 
  i 'm just wary of people acting like the moral police . 
  is it society 's place to * discourage * it ? 
  my grandmother was forced to stay in a convent in the 50s throughout her pregnancy because she was n't married and people thought it was shameful . 
  i do n't think most people want to raise children alone - it 's expensive and fucking difficult . 
  but if it happens i do n't really see how it 's anyone else 's business . 
  do you have stats for this ? 
  in the uk not being married and not having children are not necessarily the same issue . 
  plenty of people spend their lives together ( as couples ) and have kids without getting married . 
   problems like ? 
  problems like everything this sub hates about islam . 
  are you being sarcastic ? 
  the london bombers were british citizens . 
  does not being married mean people do n't have children now ? 
  top kek . 
  linearbandkeramic never forget . 
  well that 's embarrassing . 
  it 's [ here ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2016/mar/23/london-man-confronted-muslim-woman-explain-brussels-attacks-arrested ) . 
  public exposure plus the following `` towelhead '' tweet are probably what got him taken in for questioning . 
  he used a racist term in a following tweet . 
  i do n't agree with him being arrested , but will people read the fucking article ? 
   bring on a god emperor for europe . 
  merkel ? 
   sure , the west has a fault at hand but it 's not the sole factor of isis rising . 
  oh , i agree . 
  i definitely do n't think the west is to blame for everything , and muslims are n't able to decide not to murder people . 
  we did play a role in facilitating the ascent of isis though , which is why i hope people stay cautious about military action in the future . 
   for me it is not either but as the `` standard practice '' goes the media will be in full ignore the problem mode and rationalizing as `` it happend because we meddle in then middle east '' i mean , if my government had n't helped bring down hussein ( and then tried to bring down assad ) , isis would n't have the resources it does now . 
  so yeah , rightly blame the crazies , but the correct ` response ' should be to get the fuck out of that mess . 
  edit for the downvoters : you 're in denial as much as the liberals you accuse of burying their heads in the sand . 
  or , you know , a human being . 
  european countries have been the target of terrorism for half a century or longer , so no . 
  there are always people speaking it in north wales whenever i 'm there . 
  seems like it 's doing fairly well to me ( compared to recent decades ) . 
  probably `` british and irish isles '' is the most straight-forward . 
  edit : lol at downvotes . 
  the stats are skewed by students at edinburgh and st andrews . 
  which is a shame , because it 's a beautiful language . 
   it seems homophobic nowadays to even suggest that a penis is intended to be introduced inside a vagina and not another man 's rectum ... 
  so masturbation and oral sex are also unnatural and you 'd never do either , right ( not to mention many straight people have anal sex and not all gay men do ) ? 
  and people who are infertile should n't have sex because it does n't lead to babies , and people should n't be allowed to use contraceptives because fucking should only be for procreation , etc. . . ? 
  my point is that people are worried that there 's a deficit of democracy in the eu , when our own government is itself removing democratic choice by taking these measures ( not that we have to have both ) . 
  if people are genuinely worried about democracy then i wish there was as much focus on our own domestic policies . 
  i was in paris when that happened . 
  is ` sparta prague supporter urinates on roma woman ' better ? 
   some of us care about democracy more than money . 
  and yet i see no mass-movement against shit like [ this ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/government-accused-of-waging-war-on-parliament-by-forcing-through-key-legal-changes-without-debate-a6820176.html ) :  ministers are being accused of `` waging war '' on parliament by using a little-known device to push through profound and controversial changes to britain 's laws without proper debate or scrutiny . 
   since the election the conservative government has used a parliamentary procedure called a statutory instrument to try to introduce swathes of significant new laws covering everything from fracking to fox hunting and benefit cuts without debate on the floor of the house of commons .
