  they should be held to account as long as we 're still in the eu . 
  better not show him yesterday 's thread about this in r/europe then . 
  well there go my holiday plans . 
  some things worse , some things better . 
  same as most places . 
  culture is always in the process of change ? 
  including yours . 
  you 're not saying anything profound . 
  i like my culture thanks , immigrants included . 
  what like the western militaries that wo n't let people ` live and let live ' in the middle eastern countries we 're bombing ? 
  that ship sailed 60 years ago when the first mass migration to the uk from outside europe happened . 
  it 's already changed , it ca n't be changed back , and i do n't want it to change back . 
  and that 's connected to the iranian regime how ? 
  and that 's a danger to belgians how ? 
   by that logic poland should be at the forefront of attacks , because we willingly participated in every ` stabilization ' mission since the 90s . 
  however , the attacks do n't happen here mostly because there is no sizeable muslim population , almost none wahabi-sponsored mosques and hence cells simply can not proceed as easily as in the western multicultural cities . 
  that still does n't prove the above redditor 's implication that wahabi terrorism is apolitical , especially considering the amount of testimonials left by terrorists ( including osama bin laden ) claiming ` revenge ' for western action in the middle east . 
   looking back in history the conflict with the muslim world was continuous since its inception in the 7th century . 
  if the most devout path is to mirror mohammed , a blood-thirsty warlord , then no wonder violence is tolerated and even encouraged . 
  i feel like this is an unhelpful narrative to draw since they say the same thing about the ` crusader states ' who have killed far more of them than they have of us in the last few decades . 
  what do you realistically think should be done about muslims in the uk ? 
  but it is n't ? 
  people might not like muslims , but many also do n't like eu migrants after the 2004 enlargement . 
  plebs in majority white towns in northern england are n't worried about mohammed and sayid pinching their jobs in construction or at the factory . 
  people in this sub really do n't understand the uk as much as they think they do . 
  welcome to tory ideology !, 
  which normal people keep voting for for some reason i will never be able to fathom ... 
  would people say that ? 
  most lefties i know are keen on pointing out the distinction between wahabi fanatics ( including ksa ) and the rest of the 2 billion odd muslims . 
  if wahabi terrorism is apolitical , why are n't they attacking poland , or lithuania , or portugal ? 
  why have the attacks increased since the war on terror , largely against states involved in military action in the middle east ? 
  are you going to ignore the military intetventions in afghanistan , iraq and syria which allowed extremism to grow ( and to spread to europe ) ? 
   suck your dick in the morning and give sex on demand our experiences of girlfriends seem to be different . 
  have we been bombing eastern european states for the past couple of decades ? 
  we used to have the same problem with irish republicans . 
  turns out they were n't just crazy because of their catholic religion , but their ideology was specifically linked to british state action . 
  ( edited a word ), 
  wow , a comment in this thread that 's actually constructive !, 
   we could also go with your idea that we let them do their thing , we do our thing and hope for the best . 
  i never said this . 
   incentivize religious leaders to reform their religion . 
  afaik the vast majority of terrorism happening in western countries can be attributed to wahabism ( promoted by ksa ) , rather than islam as a whole . 
  our governments are n't identifying wahabism as the major problem because it raises uncomfortable questions about our partnership with the saudis , which would be bad for business . 
  fortunately this point about our disastrous legacy of military intervention and partnership with ` rogue ' states is becoming more prominent in westminster thanks to labour , so hopefully it will have an impact . 
  otherwise this whole cycle wo n't end . 
   as for germans during and after wwii , are you proposing that west europe does `` preventive ethnic cleansing '' ? 
  i assume that 's what many of the experts commenting think we should do , yes . 
  / this thread, 
  sure , because if it 's one thing no one has been doing , it 's talk about radical islam !, 
  what the fuck do you propose that has n't already been done ? 
  yeees , because the war on terrorism never happened . 
  this thread is bringing out r/europe 's best and brightest today . 
  thanks for your concern !, 
  i really appreciate you using a day of tragedy to push your politics . 
  commenters have chosen today to be * real * classy i see . 
  can confirm . 
  and kick out all the millions of muslims , obviously . 
  single handedly !, 
  london 's been used to terror for decades tbf . 
  they 've seen worse . 
  edit : to fellow brits , do ** not ** scroll down to the bottom comments . 
  because he 's part of a party , not a dictator . 
  i mean , does not liking ` identity politics ' mean you ca n't recognise that for most of modern history being gay or non white would hold you back in life in most of europe ? 
  what should we replace it with ? 
  you do n't need examples or evidence , duh . 
  uk bad = upvotes . 
  simple . 
  if i applied this to poles living in the uk watch me get downvoted in equal proportion to the upvotes you somehow managed to get . 
  do we have to bring up this meme in every istanbul thread ever ? 
  because systemic racism and homophobia would prevent someone like him from even getting to that place in other countries ? 
  it is important in itself though ? 
  does n't reflect at all on his ability or worthiness of being taoiseach , but it 's momentous given europe was until recently crazy racist and homophobic ( and still is in some places ) . 
  it reflects well on ireland , whether he 's a good politician or not . 
  he 's been anti-eu for decades , it 's got nothing to do with him being ` weak and spineless ' . 
  that amazon prime courier is * not * going to be happy . 
  do n't we usually have shitty growth in the first quarter ? 
  it 's the next one we need to clutch pearls over . 
  corbyn 's ` shocking extreme leftist policies ' , aka run of the mill social democrat policy on the continent . 
  shows how far to the right we 've swung economically that any of this is considered radical . 
  lol, 
  so it 's back to [ 2009-2013 ] ( http://www.xe.com/currencycharts/?from=gbp&amp;to=eur&amp;view=10y ) territory then ? 
  i 'm not trying to suggest the brexit vote had no effect ( and of course we might not have seen the worst yet because we 're still in the union ) , but contrasting today 's exchange rates solely with those of 2015-2016 is surely a little misleading considering the overall picture over the last 10 years . 
  but trump is so anti-establishment , amirite ? 
  is n't gbp back to normal vs the euro ? 
  that 's interesting . 
  i knew ` welsh ' ( * welisc * ) had that meaning in old english , but did n't realise it was pan-germanic . 
  til . 
  also ` kauderwelsch ' is funny when you compare it with the czech and polish words for german , * n\u011bmec / niemiecki * , which iirc relates to their words for dumb , as in ` people who ca n't talk properly ' . 
  naming as ` son/daughter of ____ ' , like johnson or ivanov . 
  i did n't downvote if that makes you feel any better . 
  and tory voters have been dishing out plenty . 
  well , they were an anarcho-punk band :p , i do n't think they were aiming for subtle . 
  lol ? 
  i prefer [ this one ] ( https://youtu.be/srkm5owfwiq ) . 
  people are buying it for its political message and because some of the proceeds will go to charity . 
  it 's not a great track tbh . 
  still bought it though . 
  ah , the czech guy velky karel ? 
  it 's not like she needs any more attention tbh . 
  and so far it seems like she 's been pretty respectful and not tried to make it about her ( considering it must feel extremely shitty to know those people were there for her gig ) .
