  success !, 
  the fear mongers were wrong after all !, 
  so , fuck the 48 % even though the gov has no mandate for hard brexit basically ? 
  anyway , there 's a separate legal challenge against the gov taking us out of the single market without parliamentary approval , so we 'll see i suppose . 
  that 's a ridiculous statement . 
  people still have concerns related to the eu , like the single market and freedom of movement . 
  we secured an opt-out on further integration though . 
  threads about immigration and islam in this sub bring out comments that i do n't think are that far from stormfront tbh . 
  accurate tbh . 
  the queen is german the way an american is german because they have a surname carried down from an ancestor who left germany 100 years ago . 
  her mother was from a scottish aristo family and her father was from british , german and danish lines . 
  does russia contributing to culture , art and science imply that other countries do n't ? 
  threads about russia bring out the saltiest comments . 
  even if you have a problem with russia as it is now , that is a ridiculous comment . 
  oh , so he 's done a u-turn and sacked his homophobic advisors since then ? 
  wow , amazing . 
  can trump supporters ever answer a single goddamn criticism of him without referring to clinton ? 
  what she does ( or does not do ) has no bearing on his actions . 
  and again , saying nice things about gay people means fuck all when he appoints people actively hostile towards gay rights . 
  i 'm not repeating myself again . 
   it 's important you see the distinction between the two . .  . < i would n't hold my breath . 
  if we did n't go mad , what would people in this sub have to talk about ? 
  you 'd have nothing but putin and picture threads . 
  poor him . 
  i assume they 're talking about the painting , rather than the flag . 
  anatolians are largely descended from the [ pre-turkish ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/turkish_people#genetics ) population of the area . 
  just because people converted to islam and adopted a new language does n't mean they have no indigenous ancestry . 
  there are people in anatolia who have all of that as their heritage though . 
  are you fucking kidding me ? 
  lol , it does n't matter what he fucking says . 
  saying ` i 'm pro-gay ' and then choosing mike pence as your fucking vp means you are emphatically not pro-gay . 
   gon na get downvoted but fuck it . 
  lol , are you new here ? 
  given the people chosen as his advisors , the idea that trump is pro-gay is fucking ludicrous . 
   yeah , i would n't want to deal with this shitstorm ~ ~ at his age either ~ ~ . 
  ftfy, 
  he 's already said he 's leaving in 2019 though . 
   in case you have n't notice , quite a few people have lost their jobs over that . 
  who has ? 
  he is not dependent on the government and does not have to campaign for re-election , and following the referendum publicly said he will step down at some point as governor . 
  not everyone that ventures an opinion on this is lying . 
  who would he be negotiating with ? 
  mark carney is governor of the bank of england , not a brexit negotiator . 
  he 's talking to us , not you . 
  he 's also not pro-leave and not even british , so as a remainer i have less reason to take his opinions as bullshit wishful thinking . 
  so muslim albanians and bosnians are n't european ? 
  islam has been present in europe since the moors invaded spain ( 1300 years ago ) , how much longer until it can be considered to be part of europe ? 
  are jews not european ? 
  and you know christianity is foreign , right ? 
   culture and ethnicity with us . 
  implying europe has one single culture and ethnicity , and ignoring the fact that many turks have european ancestry . 
  the uk has n't been successfully invaded since it came into being in 1707 ( the channel islands were taken by the germans in wwii but technically are n't part of the uk ) . 
  were n't they trade enclaves rather than colonies ? 
   irish people notoriously hate bono . 
  they 're not the only ones . 
   a citizen of a country of which the queen is head of state . 
  just pointing out that although the queen is head of the commonwealth , some member states are republics ( like india and south africa ) . 
  lol !, 
  you 're blaming the eu for uncertainty regarding eu citizens ' right to stay in the uk ? 
  that 's my thinking , since there 's no consensus on what brexit should be ( despite what some brexiters seem to want to believe ) . 
  mps could legitimately say they respected the referendum while pushing for efta/single market access . 
  depends how the press cover it though , i suppose . 
   but membership of the eu or membership of the efta is necessary to be in the eea that 's what i meant by ` eea/efta ' , yes . 
   and the uk would be member of neither so could not be in the eea that has yet to be decided ( beyond the government saying they want hard brexit ) . 
  actually , it 's all france 's fault !, 
  if normandy had n't colonised england ( and made it more militarily successful ) , it would have stuck to innocently bullying scotland and wales in peace . 
  ireland and wales maybe , scotland is a pro stealth coloniser . 
  bankrupted itself attempting to start its own glorious sheep rearing empire in south america , then got rich off the slave trade and had disproportionate representation in the empire 's civil service and financial sector . 
  same . 
  i really enjoyed the automatic way waiters at restaurants would take plates out for the animals , and almost every building seems to have bowls of food and water outside . 
  not all tory mps are in favour of hard brexit , but no they probably wo n't oppose her . 
  it depends on what happens over the next few months . 
   the norway deal has all the drawbacks of full membership but with only a few of the benefits the uk currently enjoys . 
  personally i 'd rather that than ` hard brexit ' . 
  it depends on how much parliament want single market access and whether they 're willing to anger leave voters by keeping the 4 freedoms . 
  article 50 pertains to membership of the eu , not eea/efta . 
  this is a separate issue . 
  and ? 
  voters got a say on taking us out of the eu , not on any of the four freedoms . 
  https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2016/dec/29/fresh-brexit-challenge-high-court-leaving-single-market-eea the new challenge is against the gov taking us out of the eea without parliamentary consultation . 
  this is a separate issue to taking us out of the eu ( as much as hardcore brexiters would like to pretend otherwise ) since the referendum was purely about eu membership . 
  not to mention the tory government were elected last year on a mandate that included a commitment to stay within the single market . 
  you know not all of palestine is controlled by hamas , right ? 
  reminder to everyone that the government is currently being taken to court over the right to withdraw us from the single market without parliamentary consultation . 
  people were discussing a ` norway deal ' for years - do n't pretend it never happened . 
  everyone in the world who does business with the eu is ` having access ' , you know that 's not what people mean . 
   even satirical news gets taken seriously in some places . 
  over in / r/unitedkingdom thedailymash.com is regularly voted to the top of the page and enrages uk commentators with its satirical headline like it 's fact but i think a lot of that has to do with how self loathing that sub is and how they look to be upset of offended . 
  people circlejerk over the jokes , yes . 
  that 's not ` taking satirical news seriously ' . 
   our empire . 
  you were specifically talking about britain , i assumed you could understand context ( perhaps incorrectly ) . 
   oh look , another briton talking about his long lost empire as if it was the only to ever have existed . 
  i do n't give a shit about the british empire , unlike you and this sub apparently . 
  oh look , another continental bringing up the empire . 
  shocking . 
  is n't there a ` temporary immigration freeze ' clause ? 
  maybe they could angle for that without scrapping freedom of movement entirely . 
  that would require the gov being willing to pursue a ` soft brexit ' strategy though , which does n't seem to be on the agenda now unfortunately . 
   and ofcourse the eu says `` hey , it does n't work that way .
