  may is a total hypocrite , yes ( presumably because she 's scared of losing another scottish indy ref ) . 
  do you have to reply in such a shril way though ? 
  also sark ... whatever that is . 
  intersectionality usually means an attempt to be aware of other issues . 
  it does not mean you 're obligated to devote your time to any of them ( never mind equally ) . 
  til caring about anything is stupid . 
  hooray !, 
  it can get annoying , but your reaction was way out of proportion . 
  also the plantation of ulster happened under james vi/i . 
  that 's because the non-english parts of the uk have spent centuries defining themselves against us ( often as a reaction to english aggression ) rather than dwelling on the similarities . 
  it died out as a first language , rather than completely . 
  and yeah , it 's been ( and is being ) revived . 
  i think what matters is culture , language and identity more than descent . 
  the english are largely descended from the brittons yet we do n't have a brythonic identity and no one would call us brythonic . 
  similarly , gaelic and scots replaced brythonic and pictish in scotland . 
  we kept our word , but did it perfidiously . 
  why you got ta embarass us bruh ? 
  do n't cry for us , we 're already dead . 
  are n't we 6th now ? 
  still people were saying that when we were 5th . 
  against ireland ? 
  definitely . 
  the rest ? 
  debateable . 
  you hoping ? 
  meanwhile , 5th biggest = irrelevance according to r/europe :p . edit : lol . 
  for british muslims , the rate of tolerance expressed in polls is n't that different to that of poland or russia . 
  ah , you mean from the eastern europeans ? 
  it is a problem , you 're right . 
   a country can only have one true ennemy and france and uk are each 's others . 
  are you saying that 's still the case ? 
  we have n't been true enemies now over for a century . 
  antipathy does n't mean hatred . 
   i remember / r/the _ donald masturbating over this news furiously , frothing at the mouth over another islamist terror incident ( even before the `` letter '' stuff was public ) . 
  just another day at r/the _ d then . 
  edgy . 
  edgy . 
  we save that sort of behaviour for the appropriate location . 
  continental europe . 
  the uk keeps a long-term [ military presence ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/military_of_the_falkland_islands ) on the islands . 
  it 's not like they 're undefended . 
  because the cunts and weirdos got chased out of r/uk , so come here to moan about the eu instead . 
  it 's still a wasted opportunity . 
  even now with a breakup more likely than ever , the idiots in westminster still wo n't entertain the idea of reform . 
  this country wo n't get its act together until it 's forced to or it 's too late . 
  sorry about him . 
  he 's a fucking embarassment . 
  basically whatever form of action you take there will be some muppet whinging about it on social media . 
  edit : am i wrong though ? 
  reinforcing my notion that ` expats ' ( at least immigrants who call themselves expats ) are the worst . 
  also this : [ \u00c7atalh\u00f6y\u00fck ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%c3%87atalh%c3%b6y%c3%bck ) . 
  eh , they got past modern-day edinburgh , enough to build the glorious [ antonine mud-wall ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/antonine_wall ) . 
  i thought this sub believed unequivocally in the right to self-determination ? 
  or is that only when it applies to uk indy movements ? 
  hush , seal murderer . 
  same . 
  i thought not , it 's not a story cameron would tell you . 
  it 's a remainer legend . 
  sholva !, 
  what could go wrong ? 
  a surprise to be sure , but a welcome one . 
  czechs do n't seem to offend anyone ( except other czechs ) . 
  plus they generally have a great sense of humour . 
  indeed . 
  what use is an nhs ? 
   i am glad something was done i 'm not . 
  the prospect of the us bombing countries without any proper investigation into what happened or any international consensus is fucking terrifying . 
  the welsh . 
  can confirm , that 's how i immediately read it . 
  this sub is a terrible thing to base opinions of people on . 
  it cuts both ways as well , i would n't want continentals to think we 're all like some of the idiots from the uk who have trolled here over the last few years . 
  m ' tsar . 
   my original point was just that the eu is the one behind the `` us vs. them '' wedge whether its justified or not . 
  pretty sure ** we ** started it when we said we wanted to be separate from the eu , i.e , by definition to have an ` us ' vs. ` them ' . 
  so they should n't support a remaining member ( ireland , which might potentially be fucked over by brexit ) , because it will offend brits ? 
  yeah , i had a great time in istanbul last year . 
  hoping to go back in june . 
  it 's a shame this is hurting ordinary people . 
   i suppose they were simply so out of flavour i 've only heard of the wing . 
  welp , at least you wo n't go around conflating socialism with statism any more ( since state socialists are n't the only kind ) . 
  libertarian socialists ( basically anarchists ) are anti-capitalist and anti-state . 
  left libertarianism has been around longer than the rothbard kind , going back to proudhon who coined the phrase `` property is theft '' in 1840 . 
  saying `` we support you '' is n't really being divisive . 
   so those who do n't voted , are good , who voted are bad . 
  is it something different from what you criticized ? 
  sorry , i should have expanded in my original post . 
  no i do n't support this attitude . 
  people are complex and should n't be reduced to a vote on a ballot paper ( though i guess it depends on what they vote for ) . 
   the kinda shit they released last month surprised even me . 
  you should have known better . 
  agreed . 
  i hate brexit , but framing things this way is silly . 
  pls no . 
  lol . 
  it really amazes me after all this time he still gets downvotes . 
  it would be less funny if he did n't i suppose . 
  she was born only a few decades after the risorgimento was completed . 
  presumably that 's what the ` no ' camp said after the eec referendum in ' 75 . 
  guess we 'll have to wait and see . 
  it 's going to be a fun few decades .
