  whole of us is rightfully mexican territory due to its proximity ... 
  `` lol no '' - the city , 2016, 
  was n't norway one of europe 's poorest countries before 1900 ? 
  also , a lot of welsh people migrated to england . 
   there should be forests everywhere but the english took those away . 
  i thought it was the war time governments that cut down a lot of the forests ? 
  i have no idea why op has been upvoted . 
  there 's no evidence i can find of this . 
  you imply i 'm being extreme , then use the most hyperbolic example to make your point . 
  le pen opposes gay marriage , which would affect my life more as a gay person than some muslims i 'm unlikely to encounter . 
   as it should , it 's a government after all . 
  you just answered your own rebuttal . 
  i 've explained to you which group has more power to affect my life as a gay person in the uk . 
  as for life at community level , why should i discount other groups which contain elements of homophobia , specifically to target muslims in this case ? 
  you 're doing a lot of ranting about europe as if it 's one thing and completely ignoring my points about the uk above . 
  muslims have very little power nationally , while a right-wing government here has the power to rescind rights if it pushes for it . 
  furthermore , british muslim attitudes towards homosexuality are not vastly different to those in parts of eastern europe - should i vote for an anti-polish party too ? 
  suuure , because if it 's any sub that loves muslims it 's r/europe . 
  sadiq khan voted in favour of gay marriage as an mp . 
  you could at least do a google search before venturing an opinion . 
  languages often have dialects , yes . 
  the balmoral hotel . 
  love seeing this lit up at night . 
  1 ) islam in the uk has no power to shape national politics , and muslims mostly keep to themselves , so unless i live in a muslim majority area their politics have little bearing on my life . 
  2 ) british muslim disapproval of homosexuality is roughly on a par with that of most of eastern europe , never mind people from other parts of the world , so i do n't know why i should single muslims out for scrutiny in this case . 
  right-wingers in charge of government have far more potential to negatively affect my life ( as a gay person ) than muslims do . 
   yes , he 's not a fan of gays . 
  so , anti-gay then . 
  the islands of britain et al. 
  plus the ... updated version has brought me countless hours lf joy . 
  if russia had n't stepped in i am extremely doubtful that our countries would n't have gone in . 
  they 've been sabre-rattling since the war began . 
  it gains him nothing , and has been instantly seized on as grounds for intervention , which they must have known . 
  basically you could have just said that , instead of lines of emotional wank . 
  you know it 's possible to discuss things with people without sounding like a school kid with adhd ? 
  the lockerbie bombing 30 years ago is equivalent to what 's become of libya since the arab spring ? 
  k.  take it up with them france and the uk were not forced by the un to invade , it was their own choice . 
  they 're / we 're responsible . 
  he 's also got the russians to answer to . 
  not only is it not logical , it 's a fucking insane thing to do . 
  especially after iraq , i do n't trust their motivations one bit . 
  fuck right off . 
  like haiti and bangladesh , amirite ? 
  it is a pretty sexy rock tbf . 
  lol , i see this exact conversation repeat itself whenever someone mentions r/ukpol or r/uk . 
  lol , your post manages to piss off both brexiters and eu federalists . 
  spain can have ni , just for bantz . 
  pls no, 
  why do you care ? 
  you got what you wanted and we 're leaving the union , so i do n't know why you 're bothered . 
  i find that so irritating , and i 'm english . 
  the welsh and scots get even more annoyed . 
  i needed a visa to go to turkey last year if that 's any consolation . 
  ah ok . well anglo media has been saying that for most of my life time ( like they have about the eu ) . 
  it 's wishful thinking on their part . 
  regretted it so much around 20 euro countries stayed in iraq for at least 3 years , some of which then followed us into libya ? 
  i 'm not seeing any moral superiority from repeat offenders . 
  apart from , like , all those countries that are big in the arms trade , or which took part in afghanistan , iraq and libya ? 
  but sure , it 's just the uk and france . 
  they do ? 
  ( genuine question , i 've never heard this before . 
  is it because you 're not economic right enough for them or something ? ), 
   holiday instead in margate , skegness , and luton pls no, 
   and add the behavior of russia on the international stage its a clear message . 
  russia is not a civilized country anymore . 
  this is a pretty disgusting attitude tbh . 
  we 're talking about the deaths of civilians , not political grudges . 
  where 's your empathy ? 
  this sub is fucking poison sometimes . 
  i do n't disagree . 
  what i disagree with is that this means spain is any more entitled to gibraltar , just because it 's a self-governing territory of the uk ( so long as it wishes to remain so ) . 
  fine , by that logic all the uk has to do is make gibraltar part of the uk , and spain will totally give up its claim because then everything will be different . 
  end of conversation . 
   ceuta and melilla have autonomy ? 
  you misread my comment , i said they have no autonomy ( because they 're parts of spain ) . 
   go look up the un list of colonies and also read a bit about other previous british colonies like hk and diego garcia.anyway if you feel like disputing ceuta in the un go ahead . . that has absolutely no bearing on whether or not gibraltar should be spanish . 
  so because gibraltar is self-governing , that means their their status as non-spanish territory is up for grabs , while because ceuta and melilla have no autonomy their status as spanish is completely unambiguous ? 
  this is bullshit logic . 
  your argument boils down to `` because we say so '' . 
  ah yes , that extensive 1,200 metre long border . 
  if spain 's so bothered about tax havens , presumably we can expect them to be just as vocal about the netherlands , luxembourg , switzerland etc. 
  that seems a bit arbitrary . 
  so if the uk made gibraltar a county , spain would be totes cool with it being part of britain ? 
  edit : lol at downvotes . 
  the uk is n't the only ` special snowflake ' apparently . 
  lincolnshire . 
  it just feels old-fashioned to me , though i ca n't explain why . 
  is * youse * just a northern thing ? 
  i really like having a plural ` you ' , brit english should bring it back . 
  it 's not at all incorrect , but to me it sounds very formal . 
  i mean , presumably teachers teach students to be aware of antiquated language . 
  it 's not like this stuff is a big secret we keep to ourselves so we can laugh at non-native speakers . 
  eh , parts are really lovely , and cihangir is beautiful . 
  probably , it 's a big problem . 
  i did n't get the chance to start another language until i was 12 . 
  i do wonder how much this affects our mentality and the way we approach the rest of the world . 
  i guess you do n't notice the ` weird ' things about your own language until you come up against the differences in another one . 
  because that 's how english works . 
  the point of translation is to render a natural equivalent meaning , not a literal one , or you end up with `` have you later something before ? '' . 
  edit : i misread his meaning guys , i was n't being negative .
