  for example , there are people who speaks a dialect of occitan . 
  totally homogeneous countries are the exception , not the norm . 
  the wearying issue in spain par excellence . 
  nowadays , spain is not an empire like the ussr nor a dictatorship . 
  jordi pujol liked to make those comparisons ( t ` he pillat , eh !, 
   ) ... no , i do n't agree . 
  russia and spain are different cases . 
  is to have a different opinion * trolling * ? 
  i said before in another comment that that part was a mistake . 
  culture is a very complex concept . 
  it involves languages , arts , religion , folklore , history , also family ties , law , political institutions ... we are not so different . 
  for me , it only exists western culture in western europe . 
  so , i deny the existence of * spanish culture * , * french culture * , * bavarian culture * ... 
  in my personal opinion , there are only historical , linguistic and folkloric differences among european territories . 
  the rest of the elements that composed cultures are , more or less , the same . 
  if you want to call me * pretty nationalist right * , it 's ok . 
  it 's just a label that i do n't feel identified with it . 
  i 'm totally the contrary , i was just saying that in spain we have a lot of problems to add even more problems . 
  also , political problems . 
  they 're considered different languages . 
  a fala is just a dialect of galician that 's in a process of dialect levelling and [ language shift ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/language_shift ) with spanish . 
  i. e. , it 's becoming spanish . 
  it 's a pity , but it 's a * natural * process . 
  yes , i think so . 
  it 's a very beautiful , but utopian idea . 
  history matters and portugal has a very rich history as an independent nation . 
  i agree on that point . 
  [ portugal ] ( http://www.datosmacro.com/paises/comparar/portugal/espana?sc=xe15 ) : 17.900 $ [ andalusia ] ( http://www.lavanguardia.com/politica/20170330/421315937450/el-pib-per-capita-andalucia-es-un-26--inferior-a-la-media-nacional.html?facet=amp ) : 17.651 $ [ extremadura ] ( http://www.lavanguardia.com/politica/20170330/421315937450/el-pib-per-capita-andalucia-es-un-26--inferior-a-la-media-nacional.html?facet=amp ) : 16.369 $ it 's more like andalusia 's gdp per capita ( i can not find regional gdp per capita in dollars ) . 
  i personally do n't need it . 
  of course , not . 
  it depends on the person and personal features . 
  that part of my comment was a mistake . 
  i also do n't understand your point . 
  spain is not an empire nowadays and latvia got independent from the ussr , that was like the russian empire with a communist system and without emperor . 
  russia was an empire . 
  is spain an empire ? 
  i know very much about portugal . 
  but we do n't share a language ( one of the main elements of culture ) and portugal has been an independent state for centuries ( i 'm talking about modern and contemporary history , not about hispania ) . 
  this not like federal republic of germany and german democratic republic . 
  portugal has a very strong identity as a political independent nation that may be dissolved by spain in a hypothetical iberian union and we may have more economic problems . 
  but that 's my opinion i can be wrong . 
  as andalusian , do you want that andalusia receives less money from catalonia and madrid and therefore you could have a worse public services because portugal would have to receive a lot of regional transferences ( 10 m inhabitants ) ? 
  i do n't agree . 
  catalonia and andalusia share minimum 3 centuries of history within the same state and language ( spanish is the native language of most catalans -- is spanish as native language spoken in portugal ? 
  ) ; moreover , many catalans have andalusian ancestors , like me , and many andalusians have catalan relatives , so there are familiar bonds among both regions . 
  nope . 
  i will become catalan pro-independence if i my taxes had to go to portuguese people . 
  i do n't have nothing in common with them , except the geographical location , and portuguese economy is like extremaduran economy with tourism and 10 m inhabitants ... no at all . 
  moreover , they are very nationalist and some of them hate us . 
  no more nationalism , please . 
  i would n't call it * bigotry * . 
  although i do not agree at all with these people , i can understand it as lgtb . 
  two years ago , we went hand-in-hand and we 're kissing with an ex-couple in a working-class district in barcelona and then a group of teenagers who looked like they were from a muslim country started insulting us grossly and threatening us ... our first reaction was * acting straight * , disregarding their verbal aggressions and fleeing from there . 
  it had never happened before , not even in the little town i grew up and there are a lot of bigoted spanish ( as in every country in the world ) . 
  i did n't care about this event much ( bigotry people can be from all religions ) , although it was shocking . 
  since then i have tried to be careful when i 'm surrounded by muslims . 
  i know it does n't sound good , but it 's my natural reaction after that sad event ... 
  but , i 'm not saying all muslims are homophobe nor i want to generalize and blame islam , but it has never happened to me with spaniards ( i have a friend who grew up in an * opus dei family * and he 's very tolerant and supports gay marriage ... ) , not even in working-class areas where some elitist person could think less educated people live and it 's likely they are homophobe ... by this i mean i can understand these people , although i do not share their political views nor that demagoguery against islam ( for me , it 's a problem of education ) . 
  i would n't call bigotry since it 's a natural psychological ( and irrational ) reaction due to the fear of the different one that the far-right knows how to exploit for winning votes . 
  they 're just afraid . 
  because i personally think that in muslim communities have a problem of education due to many muslims ( not all ) are intolerant with lgtb people and women . 
  it 's fear . 
  barcelona has better skyscrapers ... 
  a sensationalist news from british media ? 
  impossible . 
  may you tell me about those * spanish aggressions * , please ? 
  also , why could gibraltarians talk to me in andalusian spanish from cadiz when i visited there if they * do n't speak spanish * ? 
  i 'm wondering . 
  why is catalonia the only region without an own electoral law ? 
  i did not criticize d'hont method ( it 's just another proportional method ) , i criticized ciu did n't create a catalan electoral law because historically it benefits that party because it undermines barcelona 's province representation for political purposes . 
  barcelona metropolitan is not all catalonia , of course . 
  but we 're 3,2 m inhabitants and the * great barcelona * has 4,5-5 m inhabitants out of 7,4 catalans . 
  i ask for a more proportional system . 
  but barcelona is not as much nationalist as * les comarques * ... 
  in a ( - n extremely unlikely ) catalan republic i 'm sure you should n't worry for us , because i think many municipalities in barcelona metropolitan area ( even barcelona city ) and the aran valley will be part of spain as always and part of the eu . 
  if spain is not * a unity of destiny in the universal * , catalonia is neither . 
  spanish people nationalist ? 
  a smile put on my face . 
  yes , catalans are so oppressed that we 're the poorest region in spain and we do n't have any degree of self-government . 
  you can see me crying in barcelona 's streets for this unbearable oppression ... now , seriously : we 're peaceful , we do n't want wars ; most people here do n't care about that rock with monkeys ; summer is coming and we have these news about gibraltar as always ; you 're a normal country , neither the best one nor better nor worse than other countries , just another normal country more ; we 're in 2017 , you are not an empire anymore neither you 're special . 
  get over it . 
  catalonia is the only region in spain that lacks of an own electoral law and we use the state 's electoral law because the former ciu never wanted to change it due to barcelona ( less nationalist ) is underrepresented and girona and lleida ( far more nationalist ) are overrepresented . 
  psc won two elections in number of votes , but it lost it in number of representatives . 
  in my opinion , your argument would be more valid if we possess an own more proportional and representative electoral law , and not the state 's electoral law that 's very unfair . 
  even inside catalonia most people do n't care much about this issue , except some nationalists . 
  if you come here and go to a bar , it 's more likely you hear people talking about the last bar\u00e7a 's match than this . 
  it 's a veeeery tiring topic . 
  england and wales should be part of the sea ; northern ireland and scotland are europe . 
  spain started developing a modern economy in the 80s with the economic reformations of psoe ( it 's ironical that a * socialist * party introduced spain in the free market economy ) ; also , we had almost 20 years of fascist economic autarchy ... 
  should i take seriously another meaningless ranking in which macedonia ranks better than germany or the netherlands ? 
  spring in madrid . 
  another meaningless ranking , in my opinion ... 
  the label * happiness * has many meanings . 
  if i use pizza consumption per capita as a criterion to measure * happiness * ( i say it seriously ) , maybe italy will improve in the ranking . 
  abstract concepts and feelings are very difficult to define because they 're constructs . 
  there 's nothing physically in the world that can say what * happiness * is objectively . 
  so , depending on the subjective criteria you use , you 'll obtain different results . 
  anyway , congratulations to norwegians for being so happy . 
  is bad being the sixth healthiest country in the world ? 
  spain became a satellite state of the first french empire under joseph bonaparte , not part of the french empire .
