  ) , but i think it could be likely you 're mistaking the spanish and portuguese idiosyncrasies and our freedom to speak with racism . 
  in spain ( and maybe in portugal - i do n't know well ; i 'm not portuguese ) , we say many swearwords , we do n't have impediments to speak clear , we call a spade a spade and were n't not obsessed with being extremely politically correct like in anglo-saxon countries . 
  in spain , a person who 's from china is * chino * and , thus , a person who looks similar to an ethnically chinese is a * chino * . 
  it 's not offensive in our culture and there is n't any intention to offend . 
  our police is another issue ... 
  but it depends on the policeman of course ... maybe you had a bad experience in spain and portugal and you 're generalising . 
  do you know what are the only two countries that do n't have any xenophobic party at their national parliaments and at their regional parliaments in all the e.u. ? 
  spain and portugal . 
  as a lgbt person , i dislike putin 's government ; nevertheless , i 'm a very scientific person , so i need any reliable evidence to believe the u.s. version . 
  there is much conflicting information from both sides . 
  therefore , i do n't know what to think about it . 
  i have many doubts . 
  do you know that franco also killed christians ? 
  franco killed many priests who were ideologically closed to pnv ( basque nationalist party ) , which supported the republican side , although they were n't leftist . 
  all the murders against christians were against the ii spanish republic 's authority and law , and carried out by uncontrolled anarchists . 
  the * commies * have much better reputation than you can think in poland because they were the opposition to the regime . 
  my grandfather was 3 times in jail for being a communist and a member of the underground party psuc ( communism ) . 
  the communist party was the only real opposition to the dictatorship as the older spaniards in this forum will remember . 
  most catalan nationalists were franco 's supporters ( yeah , i know i 'm going to be downvoted ) , except jordi pujol and a leftist minority , and psoe did n't exist . 
  it was just historical acronyms . 
  there were some anarchists and trokists , but they were n't comparable to communists because they were very few . 
  so , maybe i 'm a bit biased for my family 's history ... for me , franco was a murderer who killed hundreds of thousands of people , many of them were [ innocents ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/m%c3%a1laga%e2%80%93almer%c3%ada_road_massacre ) . 
  an example from that source : `` approximately 3,000 -- 5,000 citizens of m\u00e1laga were killed en route to almer\u00eda . 
  mothers carrying children were slaughtered , leaving many defenseless and injured children along the way . 
  the elderly , the injured , and those physically , emotionally , and spiritually incapable of completing the trek were swiftly eradicated ( ... ) . 
  those who declined to evacuate m\u00e1laga ( approximately 4,000 people ) were systematically rounded-up , raped , killed , and piled into mass graves , such as the san rafael cemetery . '', 
  there were more horrible massacres like badajoz , [ guernica ] ( http://files.clioekumene.webnode.es/200000048-2209b23034/1937-guernica.jpg ) ... horrible ... after the spanish civil war , which was caused by a fail coup d'etat against a democratic republic ( with many lights and shadows , nothing is perfect ; but it was a democracy ) , there was a bloody repression against the losing side in all the aspects ... and a horrible economic situation due to the fascist ideals of autarchy ( there was famines in many places in spain ) for two decades . 
  in 1959 , the regime changed its economic policy thanks to very good economist ( many of them were no related to the regime ; i remember one of the was a member of erc later ) and the economic situation improved a lot in the 60s and first years of the 70s until 1973/1974 oil crisis , but spain was lagging behind country in comparison to the rest of western europe until the 80s . 
  nevertheless , the abuse all the catholic and spanish nationalist cultural elements had the effect of a cultural reaction against catholic conservatism and nowadays spain is one of the most progressive countries in social issues . 
  maybe and in my opinion , this is the only good thing about franco 's dictatorship . 
  the rest is totally awful in my opinion . 
  most people believe that nation is related to languages , religions , folklore , etc. 
  at least , in spain . 
  we had a spanish nationalist dictatorship for 40 years that was very bloody and also we had eta , which was ( is ) a basque nationalist and terrorist organisation that killed thousands of innocent people for not sharing the ideas of * basque nation * . 
  i dislike totally that concept . 
  there are many definitions of nation , but for me a nation is related to people because i agree with the french revolutionary or illustrated conception of nation : nation is the citizenship or the civil society in a broad sense . 
  these communities of human are given by history . 
  so , i do n't agree that nation is the same as * ethnicity * , that came from german romanticism ( [ fichte ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/johann_gottlieb_fichte ) ) ... and its consequences in the 20s and 30s ... and what i talked before . 
  i also agree with habermas ' concept of nation . 
  i think a nation can have many cultures , many languages , many religions ... and that 's wonderful . 
  i find all the dialects of spanish intelligible . 
  you do n't know andalusia . 
  those are clich\u00e9s . 
  i think we do n't have any texas in spain, 
  what about the right for self-determination for russians in estonia ? 
  the last polls say pro-independence support does n't reach 50 % catalans . 
  that 's not a majority . 
  do n't make up data , please . 
  i 'm glad you know the 7,4 m catalans ' opinion to say what we want and you know as much well catalonia to say we 're a * indigenous ethnic group * from valencians . 
  no at all . 
  turkey has never been european . 
  they invaded part of a european territory ( the ancient constantinople ) , but it does n't make them european . 
  europe is not just a geographical concept , but a cultural concept : indo-european languages and other european ones ( basque , finnish , hungarian ... ) ; christianity , enlightenment values ( freedom , equality ... ) , secularity ; western arts , western philosophy , western literature ; greco-roman civilization , renaissance , enlightenment ... ; democracy , pluralism , respect for minorities , women 's rights ; economics , science , world view ( * weltanschauung * ) ... 
  i think turkey can not be considered european . 
  turkey is asiatic . 
  yes , but it 's not the same . 
  rajoy does n't represent madrid , but his party . 
  theoretically , politicians only represent their electoral districts and they 're concerned about them in majoritarian systems . 
  rajoy , for example , is n't concerned about madrid 's voters , but about the votes that his party can gain in all spain . 
  it 's not about spain , but it 's related . 
  it was an american : `` how is it possible you 're white if you 're from spain ? '', 
  i want to believe most americans know spain is in europe and not in south america . 
  spain does n't have a majoritarian system ( thanks to fsm ) , but rajoy ( pp - liberal-conservative party ) would represent madrid province ; although he 's from pontevedra ( galicia ) . 
  it 's funny you ask for constituencies in europe because most european countries have proportional systems . 
  politicians do n't represent a constituency , but a political party . 
  [ mmm ... 
  there 's still a long way . ], 
  ( http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/ny.gdp.pcap.cd?end=2015&amp;locations=pt-ee-lv-lt&amp;start=2015&amp;view=bar ), 
  i also would add andorra and southern france ( i know it 's not a country ) : * latin europe * , in general . 
  i think we 're not similar to greece , except in our unemployment rate . 
  toscana and andalusia ( not my region ) . 
  i also liked all switzerland . 
  i know they 're three , but europe has many beautiful regions to choose only one . 
  i do n't agree at all . 
  it 's very clear for most spaniards that spain has very strong roman roots in almost all elements of our culture . 
  another issue is we 're more closed genetically to * celts * than romans and some folkloric elements in northwest spain . 
  i remember when i was at high school that a geography and history teacher told us : * som fills de roma * ( we 're sons of rome ) . 
  short answer : right-wing catalan nationalists and economic system ( corruption is linked to construction ) . 
  basically ( about basque country ) . 
  i think spain is not as much corrupt as many spaniards tend to think ( i do n't say there is n't a big problem of corruption ; but we are not zimbabwe ) , but the media is talking about this during 24 hours ( and football and gossip ) ... 
  this percepcion has increased . 
  it 's not false , but exagerated ( the studies you can find is about perception ) . 
  spain is a very efficient country in many aspects . 
  nevertheless , we love to hate us . 
  very few spaniards is going to recognize something good about spain . 
  some data : nowdays , madrid is the richest region in spain and there are autonomous regions which have more quality of life than catalonia ( castille and leon , la rioja , cantabria ... ) . 
  i think you mean [ porte\u00f1o ] ( https://es.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/espa%c3%b1ol_rioplatense ) because in argentina there are many dialects . 
  indeed , * argentinian dialect * does not exist . 
  many people here think there is n't life out of europe . 
  explain it with reliable data and reasons . 
  do n't say he 's wrong because you like it . 
   are communities clearly separared as in estonia ? 
  no at all . 
  you can not use the criteria that you use in your country with spain because they 're totally different realities , history and mentalities . 
  there are not any separated communities in spain by origins . 
  we were not invaded by the russians . 
  * charnego * is a totally outdated word in catalonia , so you 're not going to find any accurate data regarding that category , only approximate data . 
  also , that label could be offensive because it could be considered pejorative depending on context . 
  we do n't label people by their origin or language , maybe some people did it in the past , but not now . 
  i 've studied the dialects of spanish and there 's a phenomenon that i think it 's unique in all romance languages ; in andalusia , many young spanish-speakers ( only young people ) pronounce the consonant group * - st - * as / dz / or / ts / ( like italian * z * ) : esteban est\u00e1 estupendo ( esteban is great ) in andalusia , it would be pronounced : / e ` tseban e ` tsa etsu ` pendo / it sounds very funny and interesting to me .
