  it was n't annexed by france , except catalonia ( * de iure * ) . 
  that 's right . 
  moreover , the napoleonic regime never controlled the city of c\u00e1diz and barely controlled andalusia ( except some cities for some months ) and some rural areas in spain because of guerrilla warfare . 
  also , if i 'm not wrong , most part of asturias also resisted . 
  so , i think the map is a bit wishful thinking , at least about spain . 
  in addition , the map mixes times of history and it does n't say it . 
  the feeling of belonging is patriotism , not nationalism . 
  they are different concepts . 
  i met a german guy , who is gay and a voter of afd ; also , he 's monarchist , he wants germany to be a monarchy again and he admires juan carlos i of spain ... 
  i had very funny conversations with him . 
  french users , may there be a * hidden vote * for le pen and the front national ? 
  i 'm always skeptical about these rankings and some economic indicators , but this one is the least believable i 've read for a long time . 
  if germany has so less entrepreneurial activity , why do i have many products from germany , like my car , and not even one product from estonia or romania ? 
  where are the estonian or romanian products and services from that high * entrepreneurial employee activity * ? 
  i have very weird political ideas ... 
  difficult to categorize them and label them . 
  anyway , regarding your family 's opinion , it 's obvious that the spanish democracy is not perfect and it needs to be improved a lot , in my opinion . 
  nevertheless , spain [ is a democracy ] ( http://en.actualitix.com/doc/maps/wld/world-map-democracy-index-by-country.jpg ) . 
  the ( the rest of ) spain and the non-nationalist catalonia/nationalist catalonia stand-off ( as catalan , i want to clarify it ) has made catalan pro-independence movement has lost supports ( the tendency is decreasing ) and the independence process is now almost dead for many reasons ... 
  but very people say it publicly in media . 
  is may right and was cameron wrong ( if they want to keep their country united ) ? 
  i drew an analogy with two spanish regions . 
  - lisbon is a very beautiful city . 
  - its gdp per capita is similar to extremadura and andalusia , the poorest regions in spain . 
  - pessoa is one of my favourite writers . 
  - do some of them have an inferiority complex with spaniards ? 
  some of them always compare portugal with us and we never compare spain with portugal . 
  - brazilian portuguese sounds beautiful . 
  - algarve seems to have very beautiful beaches . 
  - the oporto 's wine is amazing . 
  - the spanish mass media almost never talk about portugal . 
  - the azores islands seem to be impressive . 
  - some of them seem to be concerned about the sovereignty of a village called olivenza that the 97 % spaniards have never heard of ( i knew the existence of olivenza through this forum ) . 
  - they have had an alliance for centuries with england . 
  - they speak better english than us , on avarage . 
  - there 's a clich\u00e9 in spain about * towels * from portugal that i do n't know if it 's true . 
  - i like the meaning of the word * saudade * . 
  - they almost always vote us in eurovision . 
  i 'm always skeptical about those rankings . 
  of course i know the existence of the house of barcelona ( it 's my city ) . 
  i mean a catalan house that governed a hypothetical kingdom of catalonia , not aragon , like scotland ... maybe , i did n't express myself in the best way ... 
  but be kind , please . 
  i would be prudent before making a comparison with catalonia and basque country : - spain has a written constitution , unlike the u.k. 
  if you read any constitution , you 'll see that all the constitutions protect the national unity ( it 's logical ) , except the ethiopia 's constitution . 
  of course , laws can change , but catalan nationalists have not even tried to propose to change it neither they have tried to convince the spanish society ( `` spain is stealing us '' , etc. ), 
  and the rest of the political parties to support it in the spanish parliament nor the spanish government wants to dialogue about that . 
  also , our legal system is different from common law . 
  - scotland has a very rich history as an independent state , unlike basque country and catalonia . 
  i know the house of stuart from scotland . 
  do you know any royal family from basque country or catalonia ? 
  i 'm catalan and i do not because catalonia has n't never been an independent political entity from aragon and spain ( or france ... ) . 
  - spain , as a state , is the product of a long and complex process throughout the centuries . 
  it started with the arranged marriage ( a given fact ) between isabella i of castile ( where basque country was ) and ferdinand ii of aragon ( where most of catalonia was ) and it ended up with the war of the spanish succession in which the french bourbon house won that civil war ( a given fact ) and they imposed a french centralist system and a * modern political system * ( in that century ) in spain and , for that purpose , philip v of bourbon eliminated the feudal parliaments and medieval laws of aragon , catalonia and valencia . 
  in contrast , the u.k. is the product of the acts of union that was passed by the parliament of england and the by the parliament of scotland ( chosen facts ) in 1707 , if i 'm not wrong ( i 'm not expert in british history ) . 
  so , the origins of both states are different : spain is a result of given facts and the u.k. is the result of chosen facts . 
  moreover , there never was any act of union between the rest of spain and catalonia or basque country . 
  in my opinion , scotland is not comparable to catalonia nor basque country . 
  scotland and the u.k. are a very unique case . 
  is there such youth unemployment rate ? 
  i do n't doubt there 's a high youth unemployment rate , but i tend to doubt there 's * that * high unemployment rate , due to personal cases i know , cultural factors and the main production system in the mediterranean coast and the islands : tourism . 
  there are many unregistered jobs for young people in the high season , that are bad paid , but most young people ( 18-29 years old ) usually live in their parents ' house in spain ; so , you can live relatively well with those salaries , if your parents also work ( older people usually keep their jobs because it 's more difficult to fire them for their contracts ) . 
  there 's a big informal economy in spain . 
  moreover , i think that to have a job or a job with a better salary is not the only factor that can lead a person to emigrate . 
  it 's a difficult decision because starting your life again in a new country with a new culture and a new language is not easy ... add also that most spaniards are n't good at languages . 
  in my professional sector , the salaries will be only a bit higher and i doubt i could have the same quality of life ( it 's a very subjective concept and it 's difficult to measure ) as in barcelona , where i have my family , my partner and my friends ... good weather ... good food ... no definitely . 
  it 's difficult to give an objective opinion without a study ; but in my personal opinion , i think madrid does n't dry the other regions ( except young inhabitants from castile ) in the spanish case because basque country , which has a similar level of industrialization as a german region , scores well . 
  i think it 's more related to the productive system in spain . 
  it seems to be that those regions that have tried to base their productive system on the finances ( madrid ) and the industry ( basque country ) score better than the other regions that have based their productive system on other low-added-value sectors , tourism above all . 
  we should consider that spain is not a centralised country , like france ; so , in my opinion , this comparison does n't have a logical base from a political point of view . 
  i can not understand a word of romanian , unlike italian . 
  now , it 's 18.2 % unemployment rate ( very bad rate ) that statistics say and i write , `` say '' because the real unemployment is lower because there 's many unregistered jobs and there 's a lot of informal economy in spain , above all in the south . 
  this causes spain has [ historically ] ( http://ep00.epimg.net/economia/imagenes/2016/01/28/empleo/1453966009_115531_1454010645_noticia_normal.png ) had a high rate of structural unemployment and many economists consider 7-8 % very low unemployment rate , or almost full employment ( this can sound funny ) . 
  these are the regions that [ * are doing well * ] ( https://www.arnaut.es/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/pib.jpg ) . 
  moreover , it 's normal there are regions richer than others . 
  it happens in all countries . 
  off topic : i find something interesting because it 's very weird that a french or a person who lives in france writes * catalunya * , instead of < catalonia  . 
  it 's even more weird if we consider the very bad situation of catalan and or all the minority languages in france ... parles catal\u00e0 ? 
  thanks . 
  english is not my native language . 
  the spanish government knows that this proposal will be likely rejected because national feelings are stronger than rationality . 
  in my opinion , the most likely thing to happen is the border will be closed as before 1982 because it will be a non-eu territory . 
  i personally think that it will affect negatively the spanish surrounding area ( * campo de gibraltar * ) in the short-term ( there are many spanish workers in gibraltar ) , but it may be beneficial in the long-term that there 's a real border with a * tax heave * ; because * campo de gibraltar * is the poorest area in spain ( or one of the poorest areas in spain ) , and one of the factors that makes this area so poor is its proximity to gibraltar . 
  so , maybe most people who live near gibraltar will have a better economical situation in a future , although many of them will likely lose their jobs in the short-term . 
  moreover , spain and the whole eu will get rid of a * tax heaven * . 
  what places in andalusia look like a ghostown ? 
  i think pp nor cs represent all the unionists . 
  i 'm in favour of the dialogue ( i do not consider spain to be sacred ) , but within the framework of legality , because there is n't democracy without the respect for law , in my opinion . 
  yes , that 's another definition and an interesting point . 
  it 's very difficult to gather reliable and complete fiscal data of 7,4 million catalans in some months as they want to do it . 
  the current spanish public finance took many years to obtain a complete fiscal database of all spanish citizens . 
  i 'm sure they do n't have my fiscal data , unlike an erc 's politician said ... also , they need the catalan citizens and companies pay the taxes and , for that purpose , they need a coercive force ( * els mossos * in this case ) that can force you to pay if you do n't . 
  how is the catalan government going to collect taxes without the fiscal data of 7,4 million catalans ? 
  if they get them ( assume they steal them ) ; will the catalan police follow catalan government 's orders ? 
  because that 's another point : the salaries of the catalan police are paid by the spanish ministry of interior , not by the catalan government . 
  are the catalan police 's members going to risk their salaries and their public jobs at the moment of truth ? 
  i doubt it . 
  nobody bites the hand that feeds you . 
  [ franco did it , therefore it 's bad ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ad_hominem ) . 
  best argument ever . 
  by the way , the last time that there was an attempt to constitute a catalan state against the spanish law was stopped by the ii spanish republic , not by franco .
