  sorry ` bout that , when i put the dot down germoney was still opaque , so i could n't see the borders . 
  blame them for having such a huge gdp . 
  i used us dollars , since it 's the top reserve currency [ source ] ( http://knoema.com/nwnfkne/world-gdp-ranking-2015-data-and-charts ), 
  poor relative to western europe maybe , but by global standards it 's high income, 
  forgot to label ireland , 227bn . 
  sorry potato cousins, 
  maybe the french and italians . 
  we british have our own reusable [ space vehicle thingamajig ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/skylon_ ( spacecraft ) in development . 
  looks a lot cooler than yours too . 
  russia is a european country with european people , it just expanded like crazy hundreds of years ago so most of its territory is in asia . 
  like 80 % of the population lives in the european part of russia anyway . 
  russians are european , like it or not . 
  it ca n't really be argued though , when the industrial revolution came about , britain 's empire contributed less than 10 % of our gdp . 
  the uk was great at taking advantage of our colonies , and yet in total economic output they were worth barely anything . 
  the resources helped us become wealthy , but the reason we shot ahead and industrialized was because of our free market economy , peace on the british isles compared to constant war on the continent and rule of law keeping people in order . 
  they found a lot of gold , but they were not a global superpower . 
  they could n't have wrecked china like the uk did , for example , and they could n't have done shit to the rest of europe . 
  there 's a huge difference between crippling a country and destroying it . 
  many countries survived world war ii , and the devastation then was incredible . 
  `` he reason the numerous western european countries became so powerful in the first place was because they were the first to exploit the resources of the new world . '', 
  it 's because european countries were the first to industrialize . 
  then we used that industrial power to conquer the world . 
  it does n't need to be a superpower , it 's still more powerful than any other military in europe . 
  collectively , the eu is stronger , but we 're not completely united militarily or economically so it decreases our power . 
  i 'm not a supporter of federal europe , but it would be by far the best decision europeans could make for our future , as long as it has a good government . 
  i think you 're overestimating the power of cruise missiles . 
  even if every one of them had the power of a moab , which they do n't , it would n't be enough to `` destroy any country '' . 
  ah yeah , aberdeen is a lot nicer, 
  could 've , but it 's subjective . 
  i prefer manchester over york and bath . 
  i just threw glasgow in because scotland is a country too , did n't wan na leave it out . 
  because manchester is alright , except for the bad areas that every city has , and edinburgh is a capital so i was n't sure if it counted . 
  well , i would 've chosen edinburgh but it 's technically a capital . 
  manchester or glasgow . 
  if people are dumb enough to try to get into the uk from france by walking under the sea on train tracks , they deserve it if they die . 
  idiots , it 's not like the uk is golden country while france is shit . 
  yeah , germany , australia canada and japan are close to us . 
  china i can see turning on us as even a tiny possibility , but the other countries , no way . 
  any country in the eu or anglosphere is on our side 100 % , japan and south korea too . 
  it 's not bad here being honest , better than living in a world of paranoia thinking world war is gon na break out as soon as china is stronk enough . 
  i do n't think it 's all sunshine and rainbows , but this article is just silly . 
  not entirely inaccurate , but a bit over the top . 
  and yeah , thanks for the report . 
  i see you take redditing very seriously . 
  i did n't bring it up , i just used a word and you 're the one that pointed it out . 
  now i admitted you 're right , shoulda used a different word china and india are too far away and their interests will probably never involve harming us in any serious way , we 're beneficial to them for trading . 
  misusing it the voting function , maybe . 
  ah well . 
  alright , fair enough . 
  we 're not allied with them , does n't matter . 
  they 're still definitely not a threat in any way though . 
  and it 's no problem , but the only reason i downvoted this comment instead of upvoting , since you were right , was because you said cheers for the downvote in the last one , so i figured you appreciate them . 
  `` a state formally cooperating with another for a military * or other purpose * . '', 
  we 're cooperating with them on a few things , like the asian infrastructure investment bank and that nuclear power plant . 
  if they 're not allies , they 're friendly at the very least . 
  they view us as valuable , so it 's in their interest to be friendly with us . 
  they 're not a threat in any way . 
  even if they declared war , their power projection is too weak to do anything to us . 
  china is friendly with us , no defense agreements though obviously , so i 'm using a pretty broad definition for ally . 
  india we 're obviously friendly with , they 're in the commonwealth too . 
  `` that the us can pull the plug if it wants to . '', 
  regardless of the fact that the us can disable our nukes if they want to , they still act as a deterrent . 
  stop being a pedantic twat . 
  if our sovereignty was threatened to the degree that nukes were needed , it would have to be a situation so dire that the us would have probably used their nukes before us anyway , or we 'd have already been nuked . 
  it says that the nukes are operationally independent , but that the us can pull the plug if it wants to . 
  it does n't say that if our country is in serious danger because of an invasion or massive attack that we ca n't use them if we need to . 
  30 years is n't that long , and at the moment their economy is n't diversified at all . 
  they have a serious problem with that , but they 're not trying to fix it like the uae . 
  the nukes being on lease does n't matter , if the very country itself was threatened , we can use them . 
  they act as a deterrent to any major attack . 
  we 're in nato too and have defense agreements with france , which also has nukes . 
  it does n't matter if they 're on lease from the us , we can use them if we need to . 
  they still act as a deterrent . 
  it 's in europe 's and america 's interest to keep us around , and as long as nato and our other defense agreements are in place , they will defend us if needed . 
  `` there are actually so many things wrong with your assessment i 'm not sure where to begin . '', 
  it 's all well and good saying that , but if you 're so fucking lazy you wo n't even bother pointing out what else was wrong , then it has no credit . 
  we do have good relations with all of the countries i listed , and saudi arabia is too oil dependent . 
  they have n't diversified * at all * . 
  china is n't exactly our ally like the us , but they 're too dependent on western trade and investment to do anything . 
  the global economy is too intertwined for any tomfoolery , look at what happened to russia . 
  too bad your politicians do n't think like the people , they wo n't be happy if we leave the eu . 
  obama really does n't seem too keen on us . 
  yeah , i do n't really understand this . 
  we have great relations with india , china , australia , canada , germany , japan and south africa . 
  all of these countries are our friends and allies ( china is n't exactly an * ally * by the strictest definition , but we 're on quite good terms with them ) , them becoming more powerful and richer is a good thing . 
  while we 're allied with all of them , you , and all of europe , i think we 'll be fine . 
  the only country i 'm worried about gaining power is saudi arabia , but they 're so incredibly oil dependent that they 're gon na fizzle out soon enough . 
  north korea is pretty bad , but china wo n't let them get out of control , because it 'd be bad for them . 
  also , the article harps on about everyone catching up to us in military tech , but does it really matter ? 
  would anyone powerful enough really be stupid enough to attack us while we and our allies have nuclear missiles ? 
  india , japan and china combined have a smaller nominal gdp than the us . 
  you do n't compare economies using ppp , you compare gdp per capita . 
  what does that have to do with my original comment though ? 
  `` just ignore him , he 's dutch . 
  or belgian . 
  i ca n't remember which flanders is . '', 
  i know now that flanders is in belgium . 
  then you reply `` last time i checked , the flemish are flemish . 
  '' , implying that they are n't belgian , they 're just their own thing . 
  but flanders is part of belgium , so they 're belgian , and flanders certainly is n't a country .
