  it has issues , but it 's still high-tech , high-income and socially advanced . 
  even the uk , as much as we like to moan about it , is one of the greatest places to live in the world . 
  because guilt ? 
  though it 's not the average german citizen that want refugees in europe , it 's people like merkel and the absolutely brain dead students who think letting everyone in is the right answer . 
  yeah i forgot about the `` part of our history '' bit, 
  good god you 're stupid, 
  ah , i could n't tell . 
  you have a french flair so it did n't seem strange that you would n't be able to speak english proper . 
  god damn you mainland europeans , always rubbing it in that you can speak multiple languages fluently . 
  it should be `` we should be proud it happened '' . 
  it 's like saying `` i english good '' instead of `` i ca n't talk english good '' . 
  i 'd give a french example but i dunno how to speak french . 
  `` we should proud happened '', 
  no , come to britain , we have 5.2 % !, 
  rather french immigrants than eastern european , african or middle eastern . 
   ridiculously high house prices and super low salaries to boost , nah ... 
  the entire country is n't london , the house prices in the rest of the uk are decent . 
  also , super low salaries ? 
  you 've clearly not been doing much research considering you were thinking of it as a potential home . 
  `` ocean of europe '' `` welfare sea '' `` nuclear submarine sea '' `` middle earth lake '' i like the ocean and sea names better than the country names, 
  i did n't mean celtic shit as an insult , it 's just a habit of using the word shit instead of stuff . 
  if i was n't such a foul mouthed bastard , it would 've been `` some celtic stuff nobody anywhere would understand '' . 
  did n't mean to offend . 
  i never said anything about the destruction of irish culture being good , though the gaelic language still exists and is spoken by like 100,000 , so it was n't really destroyed . 
  hard working , dedicated , great food and very interesting history . 
  your government is a pain in the ass and you support a some bad things , like forcing austerity on other european nations , but you 're alright . 
  bit too good at football for my liking though . 
  it 's the world 's most spoken overall , chinese is the most spoken first language . 
  well , actually it 's disputed between the two on which is most spoken overall , because getting the right number on total first and second speakers of either language is difficult . 
  it 's probably english though . 
  he just turns back and his kid is suddenly an old christian man . 
  would n't mind , you dutch are alright . 
  and you 're all the better for it , now you speak the world 's most spoken language instead of some celtic shit nobody anywhere would understand . 
  it 's those damn japanese again , always immigrating to eastern europe spreading islam . 
  we need to put a stop to it . 
  the union was n't created for defense , we already had nato . 
  it was supposed to just be a free trade and free movement area , but it 's gotten out of hand . 
  i 'd be alright with a northern federation of norway , sweden , finland and denmark . 
  unions are always good , as long as they 're done right . 
  it 's nice that most danes agree with us on this . 
  let 's get out of this mess . 
  yeah , we say `` sort of '' , `` a bit '' and `` alright '' a fair bit . 
  america may have sprawling repetition , but holy fucking shit you have some beautiful countryside . 
  ours is nice too , but yours is so much more varied . 
  also , you guys make great tv shows , some are * almost * as good as ours !, 
  though , we can watch most of each others shows on either side of the pond , so that does n't really matter too much . 
  your beaches and roads are also much better , and you americans are n't scared of giving each other complements . 
  tell somebody here that you think they 're great , you 'll get a very strange reaction . 
  love you too, 
  well , i live in manchester , so i can say that chavs are most certainly here . 
  it 's surprisingly rare to be harassed by them in my experience though , we have a less violent breed up here when compared to london i think . 
  pretty dismal though . 
  the city itself is n't too bad , old streets and old buildings with modern towers everywhere ... but with a gray sky backdrop 24/7 it looks a bit dull . 
  you want to come to this damp , ancient , sarcastic country ? 
  my mind is having difficulty processing this . 
  ca n't be as bad as i thought , i guess . 
  why ? 
  poland is amazing , look at its growth and current size compared to the other eastern european countries . 
  that 's pretty cool ta for that, 
  everything is concentrated in london , with manchester , birmingham , liverpool , edinburgh , glasgow , leeds , nottingham , portsmouth , bristol , newcastle , sheffield , cardiff , leicester and brighton being only sideshows to the sheer economic power of the capital . 
  most of our economy is concentrated in those 15 cities . 
  if the economy of italy is as spread out as you say , yeah , our situation is a fair bit different . 
  no , you 're wrong . 
  that 's how nominal gdp works , you just clearly know absolutely nothing about economics . 
  nominal gdp is just a measurement , and currency fluctuations effect it a lot . 
  to trading partners that use foreign currencies , germany is now worth less , because the currency is weaker . 
  relative to other eurozone countries , germany is still richer . 
  do n't call something bullshit just because you do n't understand it . 
  it 's fucking annoying . 
  yeah , kind of , but mostly because it 's an alpha + + global city . 
  london and new york are the centers of the global economy . 
  london is on another level to any city in the world ( other than new york ) when it comes to importance to the global economy . 
  nominal gdp can change quite a bit when a currency 's strength changes . 
  germany is n't in recession or anything , but a weak euro means its nominal gdp shrinks . 
  nope . 
  its nominal gdp is ~ $ 4.1 tn . 
  well , at least you have more upvotes than dowvotes . 
  it is strange though . 
  ireland , portugal , italy and greece would be top when it comes to debt to gdp . 
  united kingdom ? 
  being a major power with a strong naval tradition on a small island = super hard to invade . 
  ireland would be difficult as fuck to invade too . 
  a tiny island full of irishmen angry at the invaders ? 
  stuff that . 
  because the american dollar is the top reserve currency , it 's standard to convert currencies to dollars for statistics like these . 
  now when you say `` a powerful state in the international system '' ... 
  italy is pretty irrelevant power wise internationally , and it 's more powerful than iberia . 
  russia has a gigantic european part-asian part divide , maybe they can play ? 
  no no no , not this time , but you have been smothered by the gdp blobs . 
  if portugal and spain were a federation , italy would still be more powerful . 
  we can say that too , since most of our economic power is centered in london . 
  if the north was equal to the south , the uk would be very close to germany . 
  though to be fair the north-south divide is greater in italy . 
  calling a norwegian a swede ? 
  asking for trouble there, 
  yeah , the only graphics software i really know how to use is flash . 
  do i have to tell you again ? 
  that 's 2014 data . 
  ... the data is in dollars . 
  be fair , ukraine is going through some serious shit at the moment .
