  i like the uk , why would i want to see it die because of some overly patriotic scots with no foresight at all ? 
  i swear all of the yes voters had no idea how many problems leaving would create , with lack of currency , capital flight , banks leaving and no eu membership being the obvious ones that they still somehow forget . 
   why are you passionate about the empire ? 
  why do you pretend you give a shit about how we would do financially ? 
  i do n't care about the empire and i do n't really care about you financially . 
  i 'm saying leaving would be financial suicide , so doing so would be idiotic . 
   why even ask the question , noone asked that of irelandirecanada , australia , new zealand , canada , australia and new zealand were colonies , they were n't part of the united kingdom . 
  they were never independent nations before like scotland which joined willingly and benefited greatly . 
   we do n't get free tuition actually , people living in scotland for 3 years get it . 
  if you are scottish and live in england , you pay , if you are english and live i scotland , it 's free if you grow up and get an education in scotland , you get free university . 
  if you grow up and get educated in england but want to go to university in scotland , you have to pay . 
  if you 're an eu student you do n't have to pay either . 
   he was do we have a disproportionate say in the uk ? 
  you 're getting more powers after the referendum and you have a devolved parliament , unlike england . 
  if scottish mps vote on something and it passes , it passes in england , we have no choice . 
  the scottish get more control over themselves than we do . 
  ignoring the oil then , why would scotland want independence ? 
  because it wants to ruin itself ? 
  if it had won the referendum , it would n't have been able to join the eu because the uk would veto it . 
  all of the banking institutions and major companies would move to england . 
  the capital flight would be huge . 
  scotland benefits hugely from membership in the uk and gets to control itself much more than england , and gets a disproportionate amount of say in the uk relative to its population . 
  scottish citizens get free university , while the rest of us have to pay # 9000 per year , even if we go to scotland for education . 
  that 's unfair as fuck . 
  when independence flared up again , all of the idiots wanting to split from the uk kept claiming that they could keep the oil in the north sea and benefit scottish citizens with the money gained . 
  shortly after the price of oil tanked and has n't recovered , so that would n't have panned out . 
  i saw the username , but you ca n't call somebody a troll just because they 're called `` putinhimself '' , this is reddit . 
  there are plenty of weird usernames . 
  i 'm guessing he 's not a troll , just a dumbass . 
  you laugh , but you 're just some bandwagoning cunt who thinks any country friendly with the us is sucking its dick . 
  pathetic . 
  the eu has disagreed with the us on a crapload of things , [ one quick google search would show you . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_states%e2%80%93european_union_relations#issues ) you laugh about the eu being powerful , which proves how much of a fucking idiot you are . 
  it has the largest economy on earth , it trades more than the us , it has two nations with global power projection capabilities , so its military is powerful . 
  it has two nations with nuclear weapons . 
  the only reason people do n't think of the eu as a superpower is because it is n't as militarized and aggressive as countries like the us and china . 
  eh , scotland bonding and caring for nordic countries ? 
  all they care about is their own well-being . 
  they 'd break a several hundred year old kingdom over a tiny bit of oil and not being represented enough , despite it having more control over itself than england has over itself , despite england having a population 10x larger . 
  half of the country are selfish , idiotic cretins , proven by the independence vote . 
  europe is n't on its knees for the us , so why would it be on its knees for china ? 
  europe as a whole is incredibly powerful . 
  the uk and germany are the # 1 and # 2 soft powers in the world respectively . 
  europe has the largest economy and is the largest trader in the world . 
  with the uk , germany , france and italy , europe has a powerful military presence also . 
  china will never be dominant as long as the us and europe are around , and then there 's russia , japan and india too . 
  why would scotland be good as part of a nordic union but not whole uk ? 
  do you have a thing for celts ? 
  living standards are only about 2x better , but the people in western europe would still be making like 5x more money in absolute terms . 
  that 's too wide of a gap . 
  yeah , those are a few examples . 
  though we do n't have anything with a large number of words like german does . 
  only the french, 
  generally , nominal is better for comparing overall gdp , and ppp is better for comparing gdp per capita since it is more closely related to living standards . 
  we have portmanteaus in english , but as for creating words by just sticking a bunch of words together with no changes , i do n't think so . 
  probably not , but the way he said he ca n't tell english accents apart is pretty stupid . 
  could 've replaced `` from a hole in the ground . '', 
  with `` apart '' and it would 've made a lot more sense . 
  ca n't tell if that 's an insult to the british accent or not since it makes no sense . 
  yeah , 14.3 % of total wealth . 
  uk top 1 % = bottom 57 % . 
  italy top 1 % = 3x bottom 40 % . 
  i think your situation is worse if anything . 
  your north/south economic divide being worse than ours probably is n't helping either . 
  the military aspect is important , it gives france more of a presence on the international stage , which in turn gives it more clout in europe . 
  ____________________________  `` so many countries depend on a strong germany and actually do n't really care about france '' saying most european countries do n't care about the second largest economy in the eurozone ? 
  its gdp is higher than italy , ireland 's and portugal 's combined . 
  it 's not as large as germany , but it 's huge compared to the rest of mainland europe . 
  hell , it 's twice as large as russia 's . 
  i never said the german economy is n't larger than france 's , i just said that the french can compete with the germans economically . 
  obviously the german economy is bigger , they have 20,000,000 more people , but it 's not in another league , it 's hardly double france . 
  only just 1.4 x larger . 
  saying leadership does n't really matter is pretty stupid . 
  the leader leads the government , obviously they 're important . 
  france just needs another de gaulle . 
  people do n't look to france as the leader of europe , but it 's the only country in the eurozone that can speak up and have germany take it seriously . 
  there 's a reason they call the uk , france and germany the big three of europe , rather than just calling germany the big one . 
  their economy is large enough to compete with germany and their military is powerful enough to make france a great power . 
  the only problem france has is leadership , nobody stands up to germany . 
  the country itself is powerful enough to act as a counterweight . 
  maybe the uk would be a better counterweight as the world 's leading soft power , a larger economy than france and links with english speaking nations and the commonwealth , but france is capable . 
  since wwii . 
  france is perfectly capable of countering germany 's power in the eu . 
  people always underestimate france . 
  who 's who 's sidekick now ? 
   rise of jeremy corbyn i 'd be surprised if he gets anywhere , he 's a fucking nutter . 
  if he 's voted in i 'm leaving this country . 
  england can be romania france can be england wat, 
  good god the swedish , or their politicians at least , are retarded . 
  we do n't need the benefits . 
  even if there was a 2.5 % tariff on trade , we would be better off over paying # 20 billion a year just for free trade , when we can establish free trade with commonwealth countries and shift our goods away from europe to them . 
  that , and we want control of our borders and do n't want the eu meddling with our laws , and do n't want to pay in to the corrupt bureaucratic behemoth that is the eu , and most importantly , we do n't want to be further integrated into europe until we 're a region in the united states of europe . 
  the uk has always been a financial and banking monster , leaving the eu wo n't change that . 
  the people will vote and we 'll most likely leave . 
  the british are sick of the eu . 
  just a free trade arrangement and possibly open borders with europe is fine , why the fuck did the eu have to morph into such a complex political failure ? 
  we can still trade with europe , we would n't abandon it . 
  i never said we should make a free trade deal with china and the commonwealth , but have more business with them and more trade deals . 
  why would china stop growing when it reaches the same size as the eu ? 
  it has 1.3 billion people .
