  you can have friendly rivals , nothing to do with peace . 
  just look at what happened when the italians surpassed our gdp a few decades back , it was in the news , something like `` il sorpasso '' to celebrate them overtaking us . 
  care to elaborate ? 
  wait , why are america and ireland our enemies but jamaica and barbados are brothers ? 
  five-eyes , wartime allies , shared language , similar cultures , intense intelligence sharing and incredibly deep military cooperation makes it obvious who our brother nation ( s ) are . 
  in no particular order , the good ol' usa . 
  they let us drop a * nuke * on their soil , we also have british military companies based in the us . 
  ca n't get much close than that . 
  then there 's , friendly canada , dangerous australia and beautiful new zealand . 
  ireland too , they 're not in five-eyes but we 'd still go to war to defend them in a heartbeat . 
  honestly , i ca n't think of any group of countries as close as the anglosphere . 
  anyone from any of the countries in it can move to any other country with little to no trouble fitting in . 
  unless you got to quebec or something . 
  what about ireland and ` murica ? 
  south africa does n't belong in that list , we 're not really close to them at all . 
  you canadians , nz , irish , aussies and americans are our favourites . 
  you know it, 
  no , i wanted the panthers to win . 
  our economic power gives us influence in the eu , we 're a fair bit richer than france , our military does n't matter as much but it still gets us respect . 
  i do n't think we should bully the union even if we could , but we have huge influence whether we like it or not . 
  _____________________ 5th largest gdp on the planet 4th richest nation on the planet by net wealth london is the financial capital of the world alongside new york major power projection capability with two aircraft carriers on the way the most powerful nation on earth considers their relationship with us as their most important extremely close ties with commonwealth nations such as australia and canada cultural superpower ranked number one in soft power globally _____________________ if we left the eu , they 'd lose a great deal of clout . 
  we have huge influence in the eu , we just do n't use it right because our leaders are inept . 
  our fertility rate is better , but it 's still not good enough . 
  nobody wants to have kids anymore , too much of a hassle , and they cost too much . 
  the government needs to give people more incentives to have kids or the native british population will just decline . 
  i 'm american because i used the word asshole ? 
  how does that make any sense at all ? 
  we watch american shows and american tv , of course i 'll pick up a bit of yank slang . 
  you are the most pedantic cunt i 've met on here all week , it 's pathetic . 
  mostly due to immigration , though those predictions were made before the huge influx of refugees to germany . 
  millions more people will swell their gdp a fair bit in the future . 
  gas and petrol are different words , the difference between gray and grey is one letter . 
  just because i prefer the american spelling of gray does n't make me a redneck . 
  once again , pedantic . 
  yeah , it 's the american way of spelling it . 
  it 's still valid , you know what i meant . 
  the only reason you 'd point out something like that is because you 're a pedantic bellend . 
  it 's the second largest economy in the eu with the fifth most powerful military in the world , it has a fair bit of influence . 
  either or , both are correct . 
  in other news , sky still gray . 
  nah they 'd get cheaper holidays to the us where everyone loves the irish , they 'd be alright with it, 
  pulling ourselves towards iceland would pull us slightly west but way farther north . 
  the weather here is miserable enough as it is . 
  say ... can we build a winch on your east coast and pull ourselves west ? 
  or borrow all twenty of your aircraft and helicopter carriers to pull ourselves ? 
  when ours are completed that 'd be 12 supercarriers altogether . 
  this island is pretty small , should be * just * enough . 
  ireland would get pulled along with us , but they probably would n't mind . 
  not with that attitude we ca n't . 
  * we can create the technology * . 
  we 'll build millions of nuclear powered aircraft carriers and pull ourselves away like a big barge, 
  the only ones `` allowed '' to have national pride ? 
  what the fuck kind of country are we talking about here ? 
  you can choose to be a fan of a club , it makes no difference . 
  you still have no major influence on wins or losses , but you still feel pride . 
  i 'm not saying you have to feel pride for the country you were born in , but that it 's a normal thing to be proud of your country 's past accomplishments . 
  you 're british , you should understand it perfectly . 
  just look at the rabid football fans . 
  they buy tickets and cheer their team on , they feel pride in their team 's accomplishments . 
  we pay taxes and cheer our country on , we feel pride in what our country has accomplished ( which in our case , is a * fucking lot of stuff * to have pride in . ), 
  we do n't say `` the military of the uk won wwii/falklands / - insert war here - '' , we say we won . 
  not so different , just different scale . 
  you do n't even have to have pride in your country of origin . 
  some people born in the uk might have pride in the accomplishments of the us for whatever reason . 
  we 're humans , we 're social , we like groups . 
  we do stuff like that , it 's just how we work . 
  probably , we 'd be fine on our little island fortress against any country , unless it went nuclear . 
  we do n't need us protection , it 's the under-spending continentals like italy and spain that need protection . 
   `` there is a real distance opening up between france and europe , '' caresche said . 
  `` the risk is that a country which is totally central and indispensable to european affairs no longer accepts those responsibilities and turns away from the bloc . '', 
  france is becoming uk, 
  you 're looking at the us line, 
  ireland ? 
  english is already the unofficial lingua franca , does n't like half of europe speak it as a second language ? 
  get that to 100 % and we 're sorted . 
  if they pull that sinking their own boats shit , yeah , fuck 'em . 
  of course it wo n't , you 're a stupid cunt and think everybody in russia is an asshole and want their country to fall apart . 
  why is it a surprise that the leadership in a country with state-controlled media has high approval ? 
  you think the russian people rose up and forced putin to invade ukraine ? 
  putin decided to do that , it 's not like he held a referendum for the people to decide . 
  and from the people 's point of view putin is doing the right thing . 
  never underestimate the power of propaganda . 
  brazil is at -3.8 % ? 
  holy crap . 
  what funky stuff is happening over there ? 
  having been keeping up to date with south american happenings . 
  hate the leadership , not the people . 
  russia collapsing would force millions into complete poverty . 
  sweden is in the eu and sweden sucks norway is n't in the eu and norway rules , therefore eu sucks , is science being serious though , i think the uk should leave the eu . 
  fuck that useless bureaucratic shitheap . 
  just federalize and get it over with already , it 'd fix most of the management problems . 
  it needs to be done , this halfway shit is just hurting everybody . 
  just leave us out of it . 
  considering how fucked up the eu is in this scenario , and even now with the refugee crisis and low oil prices , i doubt scotland would want to leave the uk even if we voted to leave the eu this year . 
  if there was no crisis , i 'd vote to stay in too probably . 
   swedish pm no surprise then . 
  sweden 's fucked with politicians like that . 
  good god , are you serious ? 
  you 're pessimistic as hell . 
  europe is the greatest continent in the world to live in .
