then fair enough , my mistake, 
  america was pretty recluse before wwii, 
   but these are still in the act of growth ; all the others are stopped , or continue to advance with extreme difficulty ; these are proceeding with ease and with celerity along a path to which the human eye can assign no term . 
  russia is less than a shadow of what the ussr used to be , it 's in recession and it has a bloated military budget sucking money away from public services . 
  it 's pretty shit , to be frank , and it does n't seem to be progressing in any way other than backward . 
  russia is less influential than china , it just acts aggressive to make it seem more powerful than it actually is . 
  the us really does have a massive sphere of influence and control , europe could be the same if it had the will , but russia is just an oil-dependent nation that has regional influence at best . 
  obviously they 're working harder for the union than a country that does n't even want to be in it anymore , it 'd be strange if it was the other way around . 
  a man is killed because of religious hate , it 's nothing to do with priorities you imbecile , it 's what happened . 
  religion * is * evil , it 's a fucking cancer . 
  if the whole of europe was united a hundred years ago , they would 've taken over the planet . 
  probably the best outcome for everyone else on earth that europe did n't unite when behemoths like the british , french and german empires were at their peak . 
  i 'm pretty sure you 're still in school , so that 's pretty rich coming from you . 
  if you think expecting literally everyone to be a complete fuckwit means you 're an internet veteran , then you 're an idiot . 
  no , just a few of you are stupid and it 's ridiculous how you 're completely missing the point i 'm making and ranting about some retard bullshit . 
  holy shit the stupidity is unfathomable , how can i miss my own point ? 
  my point was not that the attacks are n't dangerous or evil or whatever , just that people should n't worry about them in their day to day lives , should n't have any fear of using public transport etc. 
  i 've said this a million times but you 're all pretty stupid . 
  what the actual fuck are you reading ? 
  did i say to stop reacting or condemning terrorist attacks ? 
  if anything , this is the opposite of being a doormat . 
  i 'm saying to stop worrying that you 're gon na get blown up in your everyday life by terrorists , not to just pretend they do n't fucking exist . 
  that 's fine , but i never said that taking precautions was bad , i said you should n't worry about terrorist attacks in your daily life and just go about your business . 
  [ no wonder everyone believes the stereotypes about britain . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/unitedkingdom/comments/4bivec/the_queen_has_commanded_that_the_50p_coin_say_mrs/ ), 
  completely missing the point but at least you 're staying safe, 
  so what , you 'd rather people fear taking the train to work or going on holiday ? 
  you 're beyond stupid , good job reinforcing the stereotype of americans being dumbasses . 
  not possible , somebody else will have to do it . 
  i ca n't help but insult dumb people , all i can do is just stop replying . 
  yeah , except i 'm not saying to ignore the causes and to not stop it or try to prevent it , you illiterate person * i 'm saying that the average person should n't worry about terrorist attacks because it 's pointless , stresses people out and just plays into their hands anyway . 
  you are phenomenally stupid , be thankful , it 's a fantastic * great gift . 
  had to edit bad words because of mods . 
  because those numbers are totally credible . 
  still does n't change the fact that terrorism is n't something people should worry about in their everyday lives . 
  yeah , and ? 
  the `` much larger issue '' is n't what 99 % of people give a shit about , sadly . 
  people only care about what effects them , and i 'm saying people should n't worry about terrorist attacks , just keep calm and carry on . 
  if you think constantly worrying about terrorist attacks is the right thing to do , despite them killing far , far less than road accidents do in the uk alone and it being incredibly unlikely that you would get caught in one , then have fun in your paranoia filled life . 
  evidently , he has an absolute fuckton of karma . 
  common among trolls . 
  damn , that was savage, 
  how is that ironic ? 
  am i missing something ? 
  do americans use a different definition for irony ? 
  austria is failing ? 
  if we had a severe lack of resources , do you seriously think letting tens of millions of refugees into europe would be sustainable ? 
  it 's not about austria being able to deal with the refugees , it 's about it being realistic and letting only as many in as is sensible . 
  you have no foresight at all . 
  uk stronk, 
  no idea why i said tories , must 've just defaulted to them when i thought of shit politicians . 
  edited it . 
  so , what i 've learned from this is that the snp and the people in charge of the police need to be replaced , or just die , i do n't care which . 
  i know it sounds extreme , but if people think locking somebody in a cell for being offensive is fine , they clearly do n't understand the purpose of the cell . 
  to keep dangerous people away from the public , not to lock away big gobbed idiots . 
  wastes of oxygen . 
  why not ? 
  the problem is that to do all of this , european leaders would need spines . 
  we 're fucked . 
  clearly somebody has laced your reality with some dope shit if you think france is on the verge of collapse . 
  syria is on the verge of collapse , france is just going through a rough patch . 
  yeah , the uk and denmark are super eurosceptic . 
  i agree , i want my country to remain sovereign too . 
  `` right up to the modern day , where we 're nearly even in gdp , population and military power '' i never said we were even all throughout history , but that we are even in those things in the modern day, 
  the us dwarfs all of europe 's military spending , even if you include russia . 
  it 's like $ 580 billion vs ~ $ 300 - $ 400 billion . 
  as for equipment , the us has more aircraft and helicopter carriers than the rest of the world combined . 
  the most powerful air force in the world is the us air force , the second most powerful is the us navy . 
  the eu 's gdp is higher , but we just do n't spend as much on our military because we do n't think we need it . 
  germany could be a major military power , but after the war they do n't really want to project power anymore . 
  the uk is n't weak , our navy and army are great , our tanks , subs and destroyers are up there , maybe even the best in the world . 
  i just do n't get why our air force is so pathetically tiny . 
  138 f35s are planned at least , but how long until all of them are delivered ? 
  until we have them our air force is only about half the size of the french air force . 
  well , i mean , the us and ireland just wanted independence . 
  screw the monarchy , they 're not enemies because of that , we 're infinitely closer to the us and ireland than jamaica and barbados . 
  still seems like it would skew it a bit , since the more you spend the lower you are , even if you have more income . 
  it proves that people in britain , france and italy are more frugal than americans i at least . 
  higher wealth despite having free healthcare and way more social safety nets , europe sure is great . 
  is n't that just because a higher percentage of americans and british are homeowners then ? 
  seems that mortgages would skew the figures quite a bit . 
  i do n't understand how we in the uk spend over $ 50,000,000,000 pear year on our military but have so few ships and fighter aircraft . 
  i know the high-tech stuff costs more , but jesus . 
  we spend 1/10th what the us spends but do n't have close to 1/10th as much equipment . 
  the us has 2300 fighter aircraft , we have 91 . 
  the us has 2700 attack aircraft , we have 168 . 
  the us has 957 attack helicopters , we have 348 . 
  our navy is 10x smaller than theirs and we can deploy around 1/10th as many soldiers and afvs , which makes sense at least with the amount of spending , but why is our air force so pathetic ? 
  holy crap , why is the us so far down on that list ? 
  well , more pointing out the facts than bragging . 
  i added `` for now '' because it 's france , we surpass each other all the time , though with the way their economy 's going , it 's gon na be hard for them to close the gap this time . 
  in the context of scotland i do n't , i 'm talking more british . 
  i feel more british than english which is why i 've always had the uk flag . 
  pakistan and the us damage us ? 
  til trade with the us and immigration from pakistan is seriously damaging . 
  they ruined scotland !, 
  eh , our nominal gdp per capita is quite a bit higher , our net wealth is higher , our average wage is higher and our disposable income is higher , so we 're richer overall . 
  for now . 
  [ russia * stronk * ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pcscz8pscw4 ), 
  well , we have the most popular football league in the world , so we have that going for us .
