  wind waker would be a close second . 
  a bit sparse with landspace and population , but sailing around from island to island could be fun . 
  shinx in platinum , not counting gyarados in gen ii of course , 
  i 'm online now if you have time ? 
  and do you want a breeding pair in return ? 
  thank you , 
  i can give you a 4iv breeding pair of scyther if you 're interested - adamant and technician . 
  i mainly want a female gible with rough skin , but could also do with a female froakie . 
  yeah , whenever 's good for you . 
  i 'm in no rush , 
  sure  i 'm free to trade within the next 20 mins or so , or i can do tomorrow ? 
  sure , 
  * actually , just noticed it 's sand veil . 
  i 'm only really interested in rough skin . 
  the her across sounds good . 
  ive added you . 
  a tossup between pokemon heartgold and skyrim, 
  i 'm online now . 
  but i wo n't be for too long . 
  it 's 11pm here ( gmt ), 
  i have adamant scyther breeding pairs if you 're interested ? 
  they have a mix of false swipe , night slash , wing attack , razor wind and persuit, 
  timid gastly , if you have any left, 
  thanks , just added you , 
  thanks , 
  yeah , that would be great  what 's your fc ? 
  my irish grandad . 
  no fucking idea what he 's saying most of the time . 
  i can offer a 5iv female and 4iv male scyther ( adamant technician ) breeding pair ? 
  thanks  i 've added you, 
  either will do really . 
  just the timid is fine . 
  thanks , 
  i can put up a 5iv scyther for a 5iv kangaskhan , if you 're interested ? 
  should be up now . 
  i could n't change the nickname , so i put jonnjonzz as the description, 
  thank you !, 
  i needed a timid one and i asked there and got one within 10 minutes . 
  apple juice, 
  i have scyther and larvesta 4iv breeding pairs , looking for a moxie pinsir 4iv breeding pair if you 're interested ? 
  want to trade ? 
  i 'll accept any of them, 
  yes please . 
  which of my pairs do you want ? 
  yeah that sounds good, 
  yeah that 's good for me, 
  the 5iv imperfect moxie sounds good, 
  i 'm online now if you 're free today ? 
  i 'm online now . 
  whenever 's easy for you . 
  red seas under red skies by scott lynch has a good portion of the action set aboard a pirate ship , so features a fair bit of naval combat . 
  its the second book in his gentleman bastards sequence , and i really enjoyed it . 
  so yeah , i 'd be interested in reading . 
  can i get a male joltik please ? 
   i 've added you . 
  also , could i also maybe reserve a male pinsir and a venipede ? 
  i do n't want to the more than one poke if other people want one , but if you have any left over at the end i 'd be really happy to take them , 
  deposited a lvl 1 larvesta , 
  thank you very much , 
  i 've put up a larvesta , 
  can i have a froakie please ? 
  deposited a pinsir , 
  thanks , 
  can i get a bulbasaur please ? 
  i put up a pinsir , 
  thanks , 
  that would be great . 
  do you want anything in return ? 
  deposited luvdisc with heart scale . 
  can i get a mudkip please , 
  cool , i 've added you, 
  thanks , 
  i 've deposited a luvdisc , can i get a solar power charmander please ? 
  i can offer an adamant moxie pinsir breeding pair with quick attack as an egg move , for a helioptile breeding pair ? 
  i can offer scyther , larvesta and pinsir breeding pairs if you want any ? 
  all with decent abilities/natures . 
  pinsir has quick attack as an egg move . 
  no sorry . 
  i do n't have anything you do n't already have , i just noticed you did n't have quick attack as an egg move on pinsir . 
  but no worries if you 're not interested , 
  i 'm a bit late , do you have any helioptile left ? 
  interested in pinsir or larvesta ? 
  i 'd like a female rough skin if you are , 
  they have technician and are adamant iirc . 
  i could breed a jolly pair if nature 's a deal breaker, 
  adamant with moxie , quick attack as an egg move, 
  i can come online now ? 
  are the 5ivs perfect on any of the f rough skin gibles ? 
  i can offer you a perfect pinsir if so . 
  if not is a breeding pair ok ? 
  sorry , i 'm ready now . 
  i do n't have a perfect male with quick attack as an egg move , but i can give you a 5iv perfect female and a 4iv male with quick attack if that works for you ? 
  haha , i 'm free now if you are ? 
  i can see you but it wont let me trade with you . 
  are you in a trade or something ? 
  thanks, 
  the french, 
  fill a condom full of body spray/hair spray , tie a not in it and make a ` fuse ' out of a trail of the spray . 
  pretty cool fireball . 
  `` can you call me please . '',
