  i do n't know what to make of this article . 
  i agree with some of the points , but saying things like `` the ultra-beta-male persona of seth rogan , who 's trademark pear-shape figure and soft facial features cry `` non-threatening '' louder ( or softer ) than a soy-infused male vegan '' kinda make me give less credibility to it , and make it scream of bias . 
  you are not even close to being ugly, 
  yeah you can , just download the [ save data transfer tool ] ( https://www.nintendo.co.uk/support/nintendo-3ds-2ds/usage-/save-data-transfer-tool/how-to-download-the-save-data-transfer-tool/how-to-download-the-save-data-transfer-tool-741274.html ) from the eshop . 
  does anyone have any non-youtube links that work outside of the us ? 
  just for 6 . 
  i know they tend to go up eventually , but i 'm struggling to find any on the usual sites atm . 
  you 're a true lady , thanks !, 
  you 're in no position to judge , presser, 
  afaik you have to post in this sub to get a flair , non-posters do n't even get a flair . 
  well you clearly did need the button , presser . 
  three greys , which shall remain grey . 
  i will die pure, 
  first off , whichever gender he becomes attracted to makes no difference . 
  sexuality is not restricted by one 's gender . 
  and he wo n't develop a female body . 
  part of the reason that it is better to recognise gender dysphoria at an earlier age is so that through the use of hormone blockers the child can mature to an age where they can make the correct decision as to what gender they are , before any irreversible changes happen to the body . 
  this is not a political issue , this is about making the child happy . 
  if this child is unhappy being defined as female , and would be much happier living and presenting as male , then what exactly is the harm to you or anyone else ? 
  i almost clicked , but held my resolve in the end . 
  244 - `` remember me and smile , for it 's better to forget than to remember me and cry . '', 
  formally , bugs are a specific order of insects known as [ hemiptera , or true bugs ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hemiptera ) . 
  ladybirds/ladybugs are beetles , so technically not bugs . 
  they 're called true bugs because people incorrectly call all insects bugs . 
  originally they would have just been called bugs . 
  like i say , this is a technicality , and all insects are colloquially referred to as bugs . 
  you asked by what definition they would n't be bugs , and that 's the definition i provided . 
   you would 've been technically correct responding to me saying that bugs are several species of slipper lobsters . 
  ladybirds/ladybugs would still not be bugs by this definition . 
   a justification is needed as why hemiptera are the technically correct definition of bug over the colloquial one . 
  in a scientific context , insects as a whole would never be referred to as bugs . 
  in this case ` bug ' referring to hemiptera would be technically correct over the colloquial definition . 
  i 'm not saying ladybugs can never be called bugs , the word ` bug ' has many meanings , and the colloquial meaning of bug is obviously perfectly fine for everyday use . 
  like i said previously , you asked by what definition a ladybug is n't a bug , and it is n't a bug in regard to being an insect of the order hemiptera . 
  i 'm not trying to place one definition over the other , it all depends on the context in which you use the word . 
  if you spoke to an entomologist about `` bugs '' in a scientific context , yes the term bug would refer solely to hemiptera . 
  i 'm not talking about other definitions , this definition excludes ladybugs as a bug . 
  i ca n't say anything else without repeating myself , so if you 're not understanding what i 'm saying , or disagree for whatever reason , let 's just leave it at that . 
  but then that just feeds into the system , and does n't announce that people want change . 
  imo a vote for the sake of voting is worse than spoiling your ballot/not voting . 
  of course people should actively try to change the system outside of the general election , but supporting the `` least bad '' candidate does n't help anything if you want the system itself to change . 
  people do n't intentionally spoil their ballots through apathy . 
  there 's a big difference between not turning up to vote at all and spoiling your ballet because you 're unhappy with the current political system . 
   you mean other than showing whoever wins that their margin is n't that large , that people can and are voting on issues that concern them , that people are n't apathetic , that they ca n't get away with anything because they are in a safe seat , etc. ? 
  i do n't want to eventually shift the equilibrium between the current parties , i want an alternative . 
   no they do it out of ignorance in understanding that it does n't make a difference . 
  roughly 1/3 of people do n't vote . 
  if they are unhappy with the current choices and decide to spoil their ballot , there would be significant number of people spoiling to make westminster take notice . 
  so it might not make a difference might now , but it 'll make more of a difference than being counted as a happy voter . 
   only in motive , not in result . 
  the exact same thing could be said about voting for minority parties in most constituencies . 
  we 're obviously not going to agree , but you can only vote for your own interests , and a spoiled vote is still a vote in my eyes . 
   the only way to get this is to join a party and ensure that the change you want to see becomes policy or to start your own . 
  you 're assuming i have the means and time to do this . 
  this is the most important way , i agree , but it 's not the only way , and it 's not available to everyone . 
   spoilt ballot papers are counted as `` incorrectly completed '' . 
  if 99 % of ballot papers were spoiled politicians would be looking at how to make the forms more simple before they 'd consider how to change the system so that fewer people would want to spoil their ballots . 
  then this is also something that needs to change . 
  and change comes through action , so if enough people spoil their ballots to the point that it ca n't be ignored , change will have to occur . 
  once the government changes the forms to be simpler , and still gets a significant number of spoiled ballots , it 'll be clear why they 're being spoiled . 
   i hope that you 'll eventually see why this is not the case and that if you do want to make a difference then this will never do that . 
  i hope you eventually see that if somebody thinks that the current system is n't effective , partaking in that system ( even by voting tactically or as a protest ) , you are validating that system and will never enact real change . 
  this is my opinion versus yours , and it 's clear that we 're not going to agree , so i 'm just gon na leave it at that . 
   not assuming anything . 
  you can campaign without joining a party , join or support a campaign that other people run that addresses your issue , engage with your mp or parliamentary candidate and explain that you and others like you will only vote for them if they take your issue seriously , etc. 
  i agree with some of this , but you can also spoil your ballot . 
  there is n't one cure-all thing to do . 
  trying to get current mps to change within a capitalist political system wo n't help anything , if you disagree with capitalism as a whole , for example . 
   it is already clear that many people spoil their ballots . 
  politicians do nothing . 
  a `` none of the above '' box might help but the reality is that politicians would still ignore that if it meant retaining their own power . 
  exactly . 
  does this sound democratic to you ? 
  it needs to be noticed and not ignored . 
  should we just give up then if they 'll continue to ignore it ? 
   join a party , promote a campaign , stand yourself , etc. 
  if all you do is spoil your ballot i do think you 're not helping much . 
  i simply ca n't vote for a system i do n't believe in . 
  but it 's obviously futile us arguing about this as a whole . 
  i just disagree . 
  i like bugs too  it 's pretty fun making the traditionally weakest type somewhat decent, 
  there is a fine line between genius and insanity , and you straddle that line perfectly , thank you < 3, 
  out of all drag race contestants past and present , which are you thirstiest for and what depraved things would you do to them ? 
  also , i do n't know if you saw it before it got taken down , but what did you think of trixie 's take on anne frank for her snatch game audition video ? 
  how do you make those high-pitched noises ? 
  the weird noise you make at the end of every rugrets video and occasionally in untucked ? 
  i find it oddly hilarious and have been attempting it for weeks with no success :(, 
  i 'd be up for it if you still need someone . 
  psn tommehbubz . 
  i 'm in the same situation where i do n't have a solid group to pvp with , but even so i managed to go 9-1 last weekend with pugs . 
  it 'd be nice to go flawless this time , but i 'm not gon na get stressed if we do n't manage it . 
  i 'll use either my 34 warlock or hunter , and i have max hawkmoon/thorn/ghorn and 331 secondaries . 
  cool  i 'll be online when it goes live, 
  i 'm still hoping bungie will introduce a way to get the old weapons , i regret not picking up the devil you know so much :(, 
  with pokemon bank when your subscription ends you can still withdraw , so you do n't lose everything , you just ca n't deposit anything else to the cloud storage until you renew the subscription . 
  tommehbubz - 34 titan - been flawless, 
  tommehbubz - 34 titan - gone flawless before, 
  keep up the good work . 
  psn tommehbubz 34 . 
  second time posting on one of your threads .
