  so lgbt people have to confirm to your standards to be considered normal , and lgbt people are undesirable/worrying ? 
  i ca n't tell if you 're trying to sarcastically mock me , or if you genuinely think same-sex relationships are `` undesirable or worrying '' . 
  yes , homosexuality deviates from what is usual , but not in a way that is undesirable or worrying . 
  i do n't know where you got your 3 % figure from , because studies vary by quite a lot , but history shows that there have always been gays , there are plenty of gays around now , so it is expected that `` 3 % '' of the population will be gay in the future . 
  if it 's expected , it 's not anomalous . 
  but i 'm going to leave this debate at that . 
  i 'm probably coming across as ` thin-skinned ' , detracting from the real issue here , and giving a bad name to those that campaigned to nintendo to change their stance . 
  that 's not what i was trying to say ... 
  so you 're saying it 's based on opinion ? 
  queen of europe, 
  queen of europe, 
  tes : oblivion ( skyrim is probably better overall , but this is the first one i played , and the side quests were much better ), 
  halo : reach ( the pinnacle of the series for me , pretty different feel knowing you 're not actually gon na make it this time , plus the best multiplayer ), 
  gtaiv ( i just prefer the city over gta v 's , more of a ` character ' in itself ), 
  fallout : new vegas ( better factions , plus i love the desert setting ), 
  fable 2 ( my first fable game , it was so cool to see your actions physically shape your character , and you get a dog ), 
  gears of war 2 ( the first gears was my very first game on 360 , but this one was the one i first got into multiplayer with , my friends and i spent hours on this game ), 
  far cry 3 ( setting and characters amazing , and i loved the option for a stealthy approach ), 
  halo 3 : odst ( loved the moody atmosphere and multiple character povs , plus firefight ), 
  red dead redemption ( western gta , what 's not to love ? ), 
  portal 2 ( everything that made the first good , plus new mechanics and an amazing storyline , probably my all time favourite ), 
  can our world sustain our population as it is now , in the long term , even without the rising population states ? 
  should we all be taking action to reduce population growth in the way countries like china are ? 
  the word `` tranny '' has been used as a pejorative term in regard to drag queens too , by people who do n't understand that the vast majority are n't trans . 
  so just like the black community adopting the word `` nigger '' and the gay community adopting the word `` faggot '' , they have adopted the word `` tranny `` and adapted it to be a part of their humour . 
  just like the other words mentioned , there will always be people that find it inappropriate . 
  i 'm not a member of the trans or drag queen communities , so maybe i 'm not qualified to speak about it , but i personally feel that drag queens ' usage of terms like `` tranny '' and `` shemale '' are n't meant in an offensive manner , or to mock transgender females , but to mock the ignorance surrounding their culture . 
  yes the term is offensive , and it probably does n't have a place on a mainstream television show like rdr , but as far as i 'm aware the show 's producer 's have apologised for the `` female or she-male '' bit , and have vowed to not include any pejorative terms in future seasons , which is the appropriate thing to do . 
  i think drag queens have done a lot of good for breaking down gender norms and for the lgbtq community as a whole , so it 's a shame to see them get so much hate for the misuse of a word . 
  girl , it 's a fuckin ' game . 
  i found a crusty fap sock from a previous tenant in a room i rented while at university . 
  they had hidden it behind the radiator and obviously forgotten about it when tidying up to move out . 
  i had mine a couple of months ago . 
  if they gave you a booklet explaining it ( http://www.royalnavy.mod.uk/~/media/files/cnr-pdfs/test%20book.pdf ) , then the questions/format is exactly like it 's shown in there . 
  you 'll want to brush up on basic maths skills , like being able to multiply 2-digit numbers etc. 
  quickly ( there are ` tricks ' you can learn to do this easily , google it ) . 
  there 's also a mechanical comprehension test . 
  so things like which direction a given gear would turn , the colour of wires in a plug etc. 
  you are n't penalised for answering incorrectly , so if you 're not sure on a question just guess . 
  regarding what to wear , just wear what you 'll be comfortable in . 
  i wore a shirt and chinos , but there were people there in a t-shirt and jeans , and there were people there in full suits . 
  so it does n't really matter . 
  unless you 're going for marines or as a diver it 's the same across the board , yeah . 
  you have to complete a 2.4 km run in a set time , which is dependent on age and gender . 
  the details are here http://www.royalnavy.mod.uk/careers/how-to-join/get-fit-to-join#fitness-standards, 
  i 'll always have a soft spot for n +, 
  if somebody asks you if you 're gay , then just tell them you 're not . 
  you say your problem is n't due to homophobia , but if you 're posting here then it suggests you do have some issues . 
  just take it as a compliment on your style , tell them the truth , and then carry on with the conversation . 
  [ allen ( aka igor ) from sean cody ] ( http://seancody.com/?frame=movie&amp;movie=1752 ), 
  i need to do the bounty too , if you still need help ? 
  psn : tommehbubz, 
  still looking to do it ? 
  add me on psn : tommehbubz if you are . 
  i 'm 28 hunter, 
  i could do with some decent destiny friends . 
  i 'm a 21yo from the uk with a lvl 28 hunter . 
  im down for raids , nightfalls , crucible , whatever . 
  psn : tommehbubz, 
  psn : tommehbubz , if you 're still looking to do it . 
  29 hunter . 
  i need to do it too if you still have n't found anyone . 
  29 hunter . 
  psn : tommehbubz, 
  i need to do the thorn bounty , and then i 'm up for having a go at the nightfall after if we do n't take too long on xyor . 
  lvl 29 hunter . 
  psn : tommehbubz lvl 29 hunter, 
  request sent !, 
  full . 
  i know this was a while ago now , but i can help if you still need it doing . 
  psn tommehbubz, 
  i 've done it a few times . 
  add tommehbubz if you need anyone to help . 
  lvl 30 hunter . 
  full, 
  i live in boston , lincolnshire and can confirm how awful it is, 
  my fucking legendary engram that i received after the dlc dropped turned into a 30 light exotic helm . 
  i received a legendary helmet engram post dlc ( i think i got it from playing crucible ) , and it turned into light beyond nemesis with a max light level of 30 . 
  i do own the dlc if that makes any difference . 
  surely this is n't supposed to happen . 
  the few other legendary engrams i 've received after the dlc have turned into the higher light levels . 
  does `` full fresh run '' mean just up until the 2nd chest , then everyone leaves ? 
  because after 4 attempts at finding a group to do crota 's end with on destinylfg that 's all that seems to be happening . 
  i 'm a couple of days late , but anyone feel free to add tommehbubz . 
  i 'm on destiny at some point most days , and will be up for raiding/nightfalls/weeklys etc. 
  i 've never finished ce , would be nice to find a group that carries on past the second chest . 
  add tommehbubz . 
  been meaning to get round to doing this . 
  joined , 
  if you actually have an irish accent to go with your good looks i do n't think i 'd be able to cope, 
  unless you 're fucking a bumhole raw , that 's not gon na happen . 
  i think this is what people do n't understand . 
  i can now get my hunter to 32 this week , as opposed to taking 2 or 3 weeks depending on drops from ce . 
  it 'll take more time altogether , but it 'll be done sooner . 
  psn : tommehbubz if you still need someone, 
  every time i still get people screaming to tell them where we got teleported ... 
  looking good , 
  i bet i do n't win, 
  [ it 's live !, 
  ] ( https://vine.co/v/oii15waxqtz ),
