  i 'm curious to see what they 'll do when reality kicks in : they 'll still have free movement , they 'll pay pretty much the same amount to europe but without access to european funds , and they wo n't have any say about anything . 
  sorry for the people who wanted to remain , this is a disaster , and most people are too stupid to realise that . 
  oh come on i do n't believe that . 
  i mean , obviously no one was going to say `` in do n't want the fucking foreigners on the bus '' . 
  but `` taking control of our borders '' , `` taking our country back '' and stuff like that are kind of code words for it . 
  and i 've heard plenty of people making those points , a lot more than those who were convinced they would be better off economically . 
  i might add that england has always preferred doing the interests of the states rather than europe 's , not a nice ally under that point of view . 
  i too think we might end up being better off , if we manage to contain the euro sceptics that will pop up in the next future . 
  yep , i was talking about it with my wife , i agree . 
  i think xenophobia has always been widespread here , the referendum just made them feel entitled to act as twats about it , they do n't have to hide it anymore . 
  i do n't know man , i have n't even seen it in europe , outside of italy . 
  i have even looked it up on amazon.com but it looks like it 's only available on [ amazon.it ] ( https://www.amazon.it/crema-novi-spalmare-nocciole-cacao/dp/b01eg4s9iu ) edit : maybe if you [ send them an email ] ( http://elah-dufour.it/it/contatti ) begging they 'll send you a coupel of tubs , 
  good !, 
  that would boast sales of crema alle nocciole novi , which is less known and kicks nutella 's ass hands down . 
  crema novi is the shit . 
  unskilled immigrants driving wages down has been proved wrong multiple times though . 
  that 's a very dodgy and , sorry to say it , quite stupid characterization . 
  the uk gets tons of highly specialised workers from the eu . 
  the entertainment industry , the video games industry , the financial industry , the tech industry , the it industry , even your nhs , depend strongly from eu workers . 
  i was reading just yesterday that the movie industry is terrified by the potential scarcity of competent people were immigration made more difficult , and the same goes for the nhs . 
  there are indeed immigrants happy to work for minimum wage ( as if it were their choice ) and send money home , but taking that as a paradigm of what the uk gains from freedom of movement is completely dishonest . 
  finland most tourists ? 
  yeh it does n't really work like that but whatever . 
  the payment of the dues is completely unrelated to anything the uk can demand though . 
  the argument is `` we 're divorcing , let 's settle the bills we had together , and then we talk about the rest '' . 
  it 's not a quid pro quo situation , where if you pay you get something , it 's just money owed . 
  you ca n't say `` well what do i get if i pay my debt '' . 
  under this point of view i completely agree with the eu wanting to put this ahead of everything else . 
  this should be sorted before any talks about trade commence , because the uk might as well say `` you know what ? 
  i 'll give you nothing '' and just walk away . 
  as well as you , i think this will halt every negotiation process . 
  i do n't envy may ( not just because i hate her guts ) , as any penny she will agree to pay will have people moan and complain to no end . 
  it must feel like christmas for the daily mail . 
  i did n't even know this was still on the table :0, 
  you do n't want people who do n't know shit about enormously complicated matters to vote directly on them . 
  that 's precisely why you appoint specialists instead of consulting with a panel of 4chan users . 
  the uk , as much as all members of the eu , did have a say on every major treaty : by directly voting their representatives in the european parliament . 
  if they were shit at communicating with their voters it 's just their fault . 
  ahah fucking hell i 'm not a fan of merkel but i 've always respected her . 
  her face here had perfect comic timing . 
  yes !, 
  that 's him !, 
  i listened to the same program , 
  also john cantremember on radio 4 in the morning . 
  i listen to him while driving to work and he makes a sport of tearing politicians a new one . 
  i wonder if that cunt david cameron realized the mighty shitstorm he triggered , of if it 's dawning on him a bit at a time . 
  weird , i thought ireland was in schengen . 
  honestly i never heard her doing fear mongering . 
  her point has always been `` scotland voted to remain in the uk on the assumption that the uk was to remain in the eu . 
  england and wales have now voted to leave , removing the conditions the scottish referendum was based on . '', 
  it makes sense that voters are asked if they 're ok with the new developments , as most of the scots who voted to remain in the uk , did so thinking that that was a way to remain in the eu . 
  her main point never was `` omg we 'll all be fucked let 's jump boat asap '' . 
  what happened in poland that makes it keeping poipping up ? 
  i 've been out of the loop for a bit . 
  i 'm sure the money invested in long term projects from both sides will be part of the negotiations . 
  i really do n't think that the gist of it is `` ah sorry mate your money is gone '' . 
  how 's that a `` petty threat '' ? 
  it 's a project of the eu for eu members , if you are not in the eu you do n't get to use it , as much as the entirety of the other things that are exclusive of the member countries . 
  like , when you stop paying for the gym , do you tell them they 're petty if they wo n't let you use their sauna ? 
  this sentence does not make sense and has no bearing on actual facts but whatever man . 
  i came to the point where every comparison to nazi sounds to me like `` i 'm an idiot , i do n't have arguments and i do n't know what else to say '' . 
  if someone is n't literally killing millions of people just shut the fuck up . 
  you clearly do n't know what you 're talking about . 
  yes if the rest of the world made it as demeaning for americans to get a visa as it is for non americans to enter the us , maybe it will send a message . 
  oh no that 's not that uncommon , if i understand what youy mean . 
  in italian ( and i believe french and spanish as well ) you do have indeterminate and determinate articles . 
  un gatto ( a cat ) , il gatto ( the cat ) . 
  jesus that sounds impossible to learn :0, 
  oh you forgot this , there you go  \\, 
  no i 'm not sure !, 
  i thought about it just because my friend learned the rule while studying italian . 
  for us i guess it 's just for granted , i do n't remember ever hearing of that rule , then i ran a mental list of islands and it makes sense . 
  elba is definitely an ecception , as you always refer to it as `` isola d'elba '' , so for short it becomes `` l'elba '' . 
  could cyprus be another ecception ? 
  i ca n't think of others , really . 
  that 's interesting , in italian seven is `` sette '' , which is masculine , while thirst is `` sete '' , which is feminine . 
  so yes , i guess some evolution of latin led to your `` seven '' and `` thirst '' to be the same word , but the different meanings retaining their gender . 
  fascinating , 
  in what language ? 
  aha that 's so cool . 
  good , finally we get to my point : no , i think you 're wrong , colonialism is nowhere near as criticized as other atrocities . 
  quite the opposite . 
  and i 'm not saying this to `` further my agenda '' or implying that you 're an idiot . 
  i just think your claim is just fucking wrong . 
  just think about it for a second . 
  there are loads of movies where british colonialists are depicted in a positive way . 
  all gentlemen in kaki and round glasses , cutting though the forest followed by black porters and giving enemies `` a jolly good spank '' . 
  name me a positive movie about nazis happily spreading german industriousness . 
  how acceptable would that be ? 
  there are literally zero movies about good nazis . 
  in fact , there are plenty of documentaries about german atrocities . 
  germans themself teach them at school , they embrace it and condemn it and talk about it on reddit . 
  knowledge about british war crimes is nowhere near as wide spread as the one about the nazis . 
  ask anyone if they know about the boer concentration camps , the aden 's torture centers , the amritsar massacre , just off the top of my head . 
  there is a semi romantic myth about british colonialists who spread civilization while drinking tea , and the british have been happy to spread that myth and [ literally silence the opposite ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/uk/2012/apr/18/britain-destroyed-records-colonial-crimes?newsfeed=true ) . 
  i have been in at least 5 museums of germans atrocities here in europe . 
  i have never seen a single museum about british atrocities . 
  i 've been in a couple about british colonial armies though . 
  uniforms , weapons , captains , documents , pictures of soldiers celebrating , soldiers on elephant back looking at the camera , soldiers on camel back looking tough and so on . 
  not a single picture of [ kids starved to death ] ( http://i0.wp.com/listverse.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/02/01.jpg?w=632 ) ( this is fro ma boer concentration camp ) .
