  what is this moron , 12 ? 
  i had to assume you meant `` leave the european union '' , as italy is already in the eurozone . 
  even if you meant `` leaving the eurozone '' , i do n't htink that going back to lira would be a laugh . 
  lol , considering the outlook for the one country who is leaving , i would at least wait a bit for that . 
  on dear , i must have messed up the captions , i 'll fix it . 
  ok then !, 
  by the way , when i come back to italy we were planning ( considering ) puglia as our destination , so yes , i 'll bombard you with questions . 
  i was going north to south to be honest  but whatever , go for it !, 
  thanks !, 
  that was the spirit  there 's a lot i do n't know about many places in europe , and i figure it might be the same for others . 
  just doing my bit to get to know each other better  one thing that i 'd like to get across is that italy is very varied , and all regions are very different to each other . 
  in fact , i ca n't think of another country with so many different environments packed together in such a narrow space . 
  i figured that showing one region at the time would be the best way to go about it . 
  personally i 'd like to see something similar for east european countries , i have to admit that i know very little about most of them . 
  oh ffs you 're right :(, 
  yeh , christ i studied there for one year . 
  at some point someone had the idea of going to some mexican restaurant or whatever , which was right next to the bridge . 
  do n't know if still there , it was ages ago . 
  anyway , those idiots even had an open veranda , why would you do that ? 
  we were raided by mosquitoes , millions of them . 
  i mean , i remember i swallowed a couple while opening my mouth to drink , you can imagine . 
  i saw a waitress walking by , and she had like a hundred of them on the back of her shirt , and i thought `` holy mother of god , i must have as many on my back '' . 
  we had to leave in a rush , it was unbearable . 
  aha i knew some milanese would have barged in , offended  i know , i admit it might be a thing of mine , i 'm just not a fan . 
  each of my friends from milan love the city . 
  i 've been hundreds of times but we never bonded . 
  i know !, 
  but if you start including all the food you end up with a 200 + pictures post  also , as for everywhere in italy , you move 20 km from your home town and you start discovering things you 've never heard about . 
  for example , i know what pizzochheri are , but sciatt ? 
  oh lawd i forgot , must be because i 've never been . 
  i 've heard it 's nice !, 
  edit : i do n't know varese at all , if you send me a couple of links i 'll update the album , 
  how close is ceta to being signed now ? 
  well i would n't count italy amongst the poor countries , considering it 's the 3rd economy in europe and 8th in the world  i get your point though . 
  really ? 
  do you study many italian authors in france ? 
  i doubt dario fo is studied in italian schools , but i went to high school quite some time ago , 
  lol . 
  well , to be honest if the pound has gone down by 17 % in two months ( more than this i think as of today ? ), 
  and they ask a 10 % rise , they 're even being quite fair . 
  dude ... there was cooperation , the molotov-ribentropp pact ? 
  talks about a european defence unit like two weeks ago ? 
  i do n't know , but at this point i ca n't wait for them to be out . 
  i 'm really sick of reading news about 27 countries being for something and one being against . 
  it 's like trying to walk with a corpse tied to your waist . 
  oh yes , that 's why i said `` almost ''  he deserved to be shamed , and i think the ignorance that led to the vote must be shamed as well in every possible way . 
  especially if it serves the purpose of avoiding something similar elsewhere . 
  still , i had that cringe feeling you get when someone makes a fool of himself on stage and you want to make it stop . 
  wow , i almost felt for the guy . 
  what the fuck though , it 's not like the radio called him , he could have spent 10 minutes on google and make something up instead of coming across as a clueless , unprepared idiot whose only argument is `` ah but those foreigners '' . 
  funny though , i often see brexiters acting all upset and going `` ah , surely you do n't think that 52 % of us are xenophobes who voted leave just to get rid of the foreigners '' . 
  when , after you 've scraped off the delusions and the misinformation , that 's pretty much what it comes down to . 
  uh why denmark as `` second economy '' ? 
  what am i missing ? 
  is n't it like the 15th in europe ? 
  you 're joking ? 
  i miss cime di rapa so much :(, 
  all the regions along the alps are a thing on their own , are n't they ? 
  traditions are quite blurred on either side , in trentino they speak german a lot for example ,, 
  ah well spotted then . 
  i actually double checked , the place i got it from said val d'aosta but i ca n't swear it was right , 
  actually i had put the links aside to credit the sources then i forgot . 
  til , 
  aha so weird , all my friends in liguria bike to nice instead . 
  god i love europe . 
  * fist bump . 
  i do n't think so actually . 
  well if you exclude all the towns built around milan in the 60s , they 're fugly . 
  now that i think of it most big cities have quite shitty outskirts , all post war architecture , but i think it 's a european thing , i 've seen the same in france . 
  food wise yes , i have to say that i 've never found a place where i was n't shocked by the awesomeness of the food . 
  the weird thing in italy is that we 've been divided for about 1500 years , so every region ( actually every city ) developed their own traditions , cuisine etc. 
  when i travelled to center italy ( i 'm from the north ) i discovered many things i had never heard about . 
  i think it would be nice  maybe on mondays ? 
  otherwise this sub becomes a gallery . 
  nice !, 
  provence seems beautiful . 
  c\u00f4te d'azur seems very similar to liguria  same coast after all . 
  i do n't know , i 'm not the best person to ask , i 've been away for quite some time . 
  i guess so ? 
  i think he meant risorgimento ? 
  do n't know how it 's translated into french though . 
  ok , i 've never met a romanian . 
  is it true that the language is not too different from italian ? 
  do italians and romanians sort of understand each other like italians and spaniards ? 
  this is the kind of guy that at a dinner party would start spewing his retarded theories as soon as he sits down , right after `` nice to meet you '' . 
  he would talk loud enough for everyone to hear , looking around to check the effect of his exaggerations . 
  his voice is in fact so loud that most people would n't engage , not at the cost of matching his volume . 
  his rhythm , as well , perfected in countless monologues where his dumb ideas went unchecked , discourages opposition . 
  some brave soul , mostly to break the uninterrupted flow of obnoxious sounds vomiting out of his mouth , glittering on a corner by something that could equally be soup or saliva , tries to timidly slip in a comment , only to decide it 's not worth it . 
  you think of a way to counter one of his nonsense arguments , but all he says is such a mess that you do n't know where to begin . 
  so you just sit there , moving peas around on your plate , thinking of the unfortunate train of events that placed you on that table instead of another . 
  after a while you find an excuse and go out for a breath of fresh air , where you find a couple of people from your table , their faces lit with relief . 
  someone mutters a `` whoa '' , and he 's kind enough to avoid adding `` what a cunt '' , but you all know that 's what everyone is thinking . 
  you exchange smiles , and for some reason you find you 're bonding with these strangers even if you 've barely exchanged any word . 
  so yes , people as stupid as this guy can sometimes cause something positive . 
  oh dear lord , you could have just said la russa and i 'd understand . 
  are those people still alive ? 
  christ, 
  yes i made the connection , it 's just a party i had never heard of , as i moved away 10 years ago . 
  what is it about ?
