  jokes aside , it would totally makes sense to have it as europe 's lingua franca . 
  it 's part of everyone 's history in europe , and being it a dead language there would n't be anyone complaining that we 're using one country 's language over another . 
  only problem is , well , that it 's a fucking dead language . 
  nice !, 
  i love that we 're doing that , i only wonder - and i mean no disrespect by that - what 's the first one about ? 
  it looks . . unremarkable ? 
  like , offices ? 
  i 've studied latin for 8 years . 
  i was incredibly good at it , like best marks of the entire school , i was a natural . 
  after like a year after school i had no memory of it , fucking impressive ,, 
  cool , nice idea man ,, 
  i do n't understand , when did the uk depart from europe ? 
  regardless of what happens next , i wonder how long it will take for the uk to rebuild that train wreck that their image is at the moment . 
  edit : probably not as long as the states if trump gets elected , but still . 
  nice , how did it miss that when i went there ? 
  the title is incredibly misleading . 
  i 'm getting a bit sick of this class of statements on reddit . 
  people seem to have been used to hearing american politics and center-right propaganda for so long that now everything different has become far-left . 
  as if talking about equal rights , free health care or whatever now equals to abolishing private property and putting busts of lenin in every classroom . 
  for fuck 's sake . 
  far , far from it . 
  yeh why not !, 
  ah sure !, 
  damn i might have missed it then . 
  piemonte , but i 'm very familiar with liguria as well ( lived and studied there ) . 
  nice post man , so many things i knew nothing about . 
  saving this for when i 'll go there , 
  are they crazy expensive to buy/rent because they 're quaint or is it just a different , local way to build houses ? 
  awesome !, 
  i was so looking forward to it , puglia is magnificent . 
  i can hardly see friendly relationships when the british media has been vomiting negative propaganda towards europe for the past 20 years . 
  this is the usual shitty comment copy pasted from the sun that i keep reading from clueless leavers . 
  you had representatives , you had right of vote , you had access to information , you had a seat in every democratic unit , you had right of veto . 
  no one dragged you anywhere , the state of things now is the product of the common effort of 28 countries , things did n't happen overnight while you were sleeping , stop with this moronic statement . 
  in ( iirc ) 2003 there was a risible earthquake in northern italy . 
  i was in the office , we all ran out , pretty much no damage and everyone was all right . 
  still , we were all scared as fuck . 
  i still remember i stared for minutes at a power cable that ran from a pole to the corner of my office , it was spinning like a skipping rope , so weird . 
  i ca n't imagine how a proper earthquake must feel like . 
  to be honest i do n't see how he can characterize brexit as a revolt against big business , the entire statement seems completely off the mark , as that was never the topic of the campaign . 
  in the mind of the leavers , brexit was a fuck you to europe with a hope of keeping the big business where they were . 
  if anything , it shows what several years of lies on a few tabloids can do . 
  beautiful !, 
  normandy is the part of france i know best , i went twice ( once for the total eclipse in 1999 ) and i think i 've explored pretty much every nook and cranny . 
  only downside is that of about 50 days in total , it rained on my head about 40 :( thinking of the american military graveyard in front of omaha beach ( or was it utah beach ? ), 
  still gives me the chills . 
  awesome !, 
  iove that this kind of post is picking up , 
  i would n't . 
  because that would mean they 'd start to * campaign * , they 'd start with the lies , the shit talk about the other candidates , the freak shows , the attempts at manipulating the media in their favour etc. 
  and the grudges because that guy from that other country did something we do n't like in this country , and he does n't even speak our language , and shit like that . 
  it would n't really be something that bring us together , really . 
  god no . 
  i 'm not familiar with russian politics , is there any chance in hell that putin will be `` dethroned '' any time soon ? 
  yeh but what 's the cost of life ? 
  houses prices are crazy in england , just to make an example . 
  if what you manage to save every year is worth nothing once you get home then you 'd better off trying somewhere else in europe , or in the states . 
  and cost of life is about to go up , not down . 
  still to see if people will want to move to the uk though . 
  with the pound so low it might not be worth it . 
  i mean , a part from london i would n't say england is the most attractive place on earth , let 's be honest . 
  if you remove the advantage of having a job worth something then what 's the point . 
  yeh why frankfurt and not berlin ? 
  just curious . 
  berlin is fucking great , for example . 
  it was n't like that at all when i used to go there . 
  although , admittedly , it was more than 10 years ago . 
  i found myself hanging out with strangers in prato della valle once and i 've never got so drunk in my life after then . 
  so long beautiful strangers . 
  oh shit you 're right , that little bit is already trentino is n't it ? 
  yeh i try and stay below 35-40 pics per album , i did have to leave some stuff out . 
  nice !, 
  well no wonder lol , 
  i bloody loved verona . 
  although i have to say it was a bit spoiled by the mass of tourists . 
  i do n't know if i got the day wrong or what , after all it went both times to see opera , so it could have been that . 
  the arena does hold a few thousands people . 
  it really is . 
  personally i found padova one of the best cities ever . 
  vicenza was quite cool as well , although i was with school ( ages ago ) so i did n't savour it as i could have . 
  chioggia is pretty nice as well , although being it so close to venice no one bothers to go see another city on stilts . 
  well slovenia has some pretty cool sights itself , does n't it ? 
  you know what ? 
  i agree . 
  i was thinking that if i do trentino and friuli next it will be mostly mountains , so it might be better showing some south first . 
  and maybe end with lazio as the last one . 
  yeh they swear like crazy , but in a charming way . 
  also they drink like russians , but again in a jolly and pleasant way . 
  uh , no ? 
  i do n't know luxembourg , but i 've never in my life heard anyone say `` let 's go to luxembourg to have a jolly good time '' :(, 
  everyone against something that is n't the new court that allows companies to sue countries :0 i was expecting something different . 
  `` i do n't blame italy for wanting to lead a good life full of sleep and drink - it 's human nature . 
  but honestly , the expectation of the countries of southern europe ( spain , italy , greece ) to subsequently be bailed out by their better to do , more industrious northern cousins is hypocritical and i completely understand the pushback from germany and the netherlands . 
  the flip-side of human nature and why socialism on a mass scale simply is nearly impossible to make work . '', 
  i found this sentence completely idiotic . 
  especially following the statement that at 2 o'clock in the afternoon shops were closed . 
  no shit genius , who the fuck goes around shopping - or doing anything else - with 40 degrees and the sun vertical over your head ? 
  as in spain , in southern italy ( and pretty much every hot country ) you close shop ( because there are no fucking customers ) at lunch time and reopen at 4 , then you go on working until 10 or later . 
  so basically his astute analisis is `` italians like to chill and avoid work and then they want to be bailed out '' . 
  when , you know , italy is the 4th country in europe by gdp .
