  this did n't hinder discussions about how things could be improved , but , again , if you do n't like the spirit you might want to consider other subs . 
  the thread is in the home page . 
  cheeky , you did n't tell him to big an umbrella . 
  honestly i had it once ( in sardinia ) and it 's delicious , you could never tell it 's blood , 
  according to what they say [ here ] ( http://www.materainside.it/origine-matera/ ) the root of the name comes from meta or mata , with the meaning of `` rocks '' . 
  the greek name meant `` ditch dug by rivers '' . 
  according to other theories it could come from mather ( mother ) in ionic language , or from meta oros ( next to the mountain ) . 
  to be honest , since it 's quiet obviously built on a bunch of rocks or dug in the ground , it seems to me that anything related to rocks or mountains is more likely than something that means `` mother '' , but who am i to say that , 
  definitely , please !, 
  what you do n't know you can research !, 
  i have never been to sicily , basilicata and a couple of others , i asked in r/italy and they gave me advice when needed . 
  also a couple of people jumped on board and made a few regions . 
  the purpose of all this was n't to just go `` hey look at how cool my country is '' ( although , admittedly , it 's pretty awesome  ) , it was more to get people in this sub to know more about their neighbours . 
  personally i 'd like to know more about spain and portugal , as they 're two of they few i have n't been to . 
  also balcans and east europe . 
  btw , as someone kindly pointed out , macerata is not the capital , it 's potenza . 
  i 'll change it later as now that the post is shared it 's a pain in the ass to edit . 
  do n't know why i wrote it , i also fucking knew it :( oh well . 
  let me think . 
  7-8 i think ? 
  hold on , is there such a thing as piglet racing ? 
  sounds fucking fun tbh, 
  i ca n't link it now as i 'm on mobile , iirc the one i saw was from 2014, 
  not to sound nationalist or anything ( god we do like to complain about our country ) , but what fucking stupid index is this ? 
  to be honest if it 's not a ranking by the world health organisation it 's pretty irrelevant . 
  if we check on that one , for example , we can get a completely different picture . 
  i confirm this 100 % , and i 'd add that it 's not a thing of young liberals but as far as i can tell of all liberals i met in the uk . 
  i can define myself as a liberal too , hell , i 've been voting left for 27 years now , in one form or another . 
  and yet , if i dare argue with my friends that maybe , just maybe , letting anyone in with zero screening is n't working that well and there could be some nuances between `` no one in '' and `` everybody welcome '' , then i 'm literally hitler . 
  that 's actually quite hilarious . 
  your figures are completely pulled out of your ass . 
  i live in the uk and i fucking hate that . 
  i think they started doing it 4-5 years ago , i bloody hate it . 
  as it turns out , my neighbours are pretty shit , and i hate going next door to get their smug `` oh look , finally you 're here , i had to have your shit in my house all day '' look . 
  plus maybe i do n't want people to know that i placed an order at bigfathandcarvedcocks.com . 
  it 's a completely unacceptable practice . 
  sanremo is at the top !, 
  you reckon ?? 
  interesting , i must be biased because i 've lived there for quite some time . 
  aha poor la speza , it could have been a nice city , the harbor ruined everything . 
  my brother in law 's parents bought an amazing flat there something like 40 years ago with a view on the sea , now all they can see is containers . 
  yeh i 've had that conversation too , maintaining that colombo was a spaniard is ridiculous . 
  there are letters and official documents written by colombo himself proving he was from genova ( one even reads `` as i was born in genoa ... came from it and was born there ... '' , plus documents from his descendants etc. 
  even his fucking family house in genova is a nice clue  . 
  the consensus of historians is that he was indeed form genova , the only ones to dispute that are just a few spaniards , but apparently it 's a rumour hard to kill , like vaccines are harmful , we never landed on the moon and so on . 
  [ edit to the wikipedia article about the `` dispute '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/origin_theories_of_christopher_columbus ), 
  yeh there 's always something missing , i want to keep albums below 50 pictures , so there are always tough choices to be made :( trofie are also one of my favourite things , 
  when i read something in one of the balkan languages i always have that feeling you get when you 've been handed a shitty hand at scrabble , where you have no vowels and there is n't a letter that matches another , 
  what was the alternative ? 
  just wondering , i 'm clueless . 
  lol quite a few , 
  well , you have a point in that someone should have a mandate and negotiate on behalf of the country without double checking on every single proposal . 
  however , in pretty much every democracy , treaties have to be ratified by the parliament , which could propose amendments or reject the deal entirely . 
  i get it that time is short , but i would n't trust theresa may to shop at tesco on my behalf . 
  nigel farage is the dark side of democracy . 
  he is a filthy fucking piece of shit and he deserves to drown , but we have to let him talk . 
  it sucks that people actually listens to him . 
  nice !, 
  i know brittany pretty well , i went once for the lorien celtic festival and once for the total eclipse of 1999 . 
  for those who are going to visit i would recommend the tour of the lighthouses , there are tons . 
  only complaint would be about the weather , which sucked ass both times , 
  i wonder if brexiters will ever realize that the vast majority of the laws protecting civil rights come from europe . 
  i can totally see the tories doing `` things for the people '' once they leave . 
  portugal is one of the few places i 've never been in europe , i 'd really like to go one day . 
  well , it 's not really like that . 
  `` italianization '' was a mussolini thing , and yes , it involved s.t. 
  but it was a general thing of that lunatic that affected the entire territory . 
  you know , the refusal to use foreign words , the silly glorification of everything italian and stuff like that . 
  as far as the annexation goes , dear lord it was 101 years ago , and if you really think about it , there are good arguments on all sides . 
  frontier territories have changed hands so many times over the course of history that going on about it today is completely pointless . 
  traditionally , the region has always been both italian and german . 
  even during roman times , the local government was shared between italians ( if you allow me the improper term for the time ) and `` barbarians '' from bavaria . 
  during the middle ages most important offices were ruled by councils of equal number of italians and germans . 
  today everything is written in two languages ( just double checked on google street view ) so this `` half joking '' thing that goes on about south tirolo being treated unfairly sound a bit silly . 
  in what way ? 
  there were some stories a wile ago of italians from other regions being charged to have official documents ( hospital bills etc ) translated from german to italian . 
  as far as i can tell their culture is safe and thriving . 
  unless by `` wipe out their culture '' you mean expecting to have street names in italian and italian taught in schools . 
  that 's what i was thinking , it sounds like unfair competition to me , but i 'm not an economist . 
  right , i stand by what i said , facts : - the lower the education level , the most likely to vote leave ( 70 % of those with just gcse voted to leave ) - the older the age , the most likely to vote leave . 
  over 60 voted ovewrwhelmingly to leave , below 35 voted overwhelmigly to remain . 
  71 % of below 25 voted to remain . 
  the campaign tryied to swing it at some point towards `` sovereignity and economics '' , but for most part it has been about immigration , with most people seeing it as the top issue . 
  incidentally , people ina areas with strong immigration voted to remain . 
  just google it for a minute , there are plenty of data available , or [ you can start from here ] ( https://yougov.co.uk/news/2016/06/27/how-britain-voted/ ) i did n't say `` everyone '' , i said `` most '' , and i think it 's accurate . 
  now tell me `` most '' of those who voted leave were well informed citizens with a positive attitude towards immigrants , come on . 
  it used to be , now it 's as shit as the other tabloids . 
  i still remember their article `` 20 reasons to vote leave '' , it seemed to have been written by a retarded 5 years old , it even included `` so that we can have better hoovers '' . 
  come on it 's a disgrace . 
  yeh the telegraph . 
  why not linking the sun now . 
  i do n't think this is the way the word is used today . 
  it would be more `` taking cheap shots at the governing party and making false , unrealistic promises in order to ride the wave of the populace 's anger to further one 's agenda . '', 
  i 'd be all for a political doctrine that supports the rights and powers of the common people , i just do n't think that 's what populists movements are doing today . 
  if you think about it , trump is what he is , and farage is a fucking stock brocker or some shit of that sort . 
  not exactly how i 'd picture the champions of the people, 
  not all of them , but most of them are indeed xenophobic and less educated , and yes , very much misinformed . 
  the demographic of the vote was quite clear . 
  i 'm not saying the result is not to be respected , but if you talked to leavers the days before the vote it was all about those # 350m a week back to the nhs , let 's not make it look like they were all this bunch of scholars that voted leave because of their thorough research . 
  even now , i bet my ass that the vast majority of leavers has no clue about how the eu works and what it entails , come on .
