  it 's not about tackling extremism , imho . 
  it 's more like the burqa is a symbol of women slavery and there 's no place for that in a modern society . 
  you ca n't do some things in the west , openly oppressing women is one of them . 
  edit : a good place to remember the paradox of tolerance : * unlimited tolerance must lead to the disappearance of tolerance . 
  if we extend unlimited tolerance even to those who are intolerant , if we are not prepared to defend a tolerant society against the onslaught of the intolerant , then the tolerant will be destroyed , and tolerance with them . 
   he did n't support the falklands war as well . 
  i think he said something about thatcher using it to boost her popularity . 
  fine . 
  but that 's still a ridiculous reason not to support protecting british citizens from a dictatorship . 
  he also said that it was a mistake to admit former warsaw pact countries into nato and advocating a ukraine deal for them . 
  the left has shifted to the right a lot recently , especially in england . 
  pacifism has always been a `` left thing '' , he 's just being consistent . 
   e is the `` anti-establishment '' candidate . 
  the trump for the uk left . 
  yeh corbyn is a normal person though , not a massive cunt . 
  yeah this does n't affect people are all a part from the fact that england imports 60 % of the food they eat . 
  yeh to be honest this is the first time i hear that `` ferragosto '' is a religious holiday . 
  til `` freedom of speech '' equals `` i do whatever the fuck i want '' . 
  i do n't understand then , why is the imam 's entire response aimed at the daily mail ? 
  well they 're all owned by an australian so it 's technically not all your fault . 
  well , if you think about it the daily mail is pretty close to being one of the most reliable newspapers around . 
  just pick any news and their opposite is consistently the truth . 
  just remember to add `` not '' to every verb . 
  i remember when i was like 10 and going to school in winter wearing a baklava was a thing . 
  however , i also remember -18 c where i lived , so there 's that . 
  uh . . til any form of communication is now considered social media . 
  for the love of god can we stop using `` slam '' as a synonymous of `` has a negative opinion ? '' . 
  edit : seriously , the title is completely misleading : this is what his `` slam '' is supposedly about : `` as for the eu , he said his country , which became an associate member of what was then the european economic community in 1963 , and a candidate for membership in the eu in 1999 , has been `` played with '' : `` the eu plays with us for 53 years . 
  we consistently have been proving our honesty and expect the same from the eu . 
  it should abandon the policy of double standards , '' the turkish president said '' . 
  wow he really gave europe a piece of his mind . 
  slow clap, 
  dude , come on . 
  seriously , i have n't been on a real holiday in ten years . 
  saving up for one with a family of five is a huge deal for us . 
  if some cunt with a sign would stop me on the motorway i 'd probably go berserk . 
  i also heard that santa is real , and there 's a pot of gold at the end of the rainbow . 
   true but it was the least educated regions generally favoured leaver . 
  ftfy, 
  that 's a looooong time , most people would have forgotten about shit happened in 2016 . 
  honestly i do n't have faith in ( most ) people . 
  by then tories would have come up with some populist shit to avert attention to the crap they 've caused 4 years prior . 
   e to go to any town centre in the uk on a friday/saturday night to know it is . 
  to be completely honest i always felt more threatened by drunk chavs in that situation , but whatever . 
  yeh that 's one of the most idiotic things i 've read in a while, 
  they 're also one of the most misinformed bunch of people i 've ever witnessed . 
  i still remember years ago when m5s people were campaigning against the `` chemical trails '' wtf . 
  yeh i came to the comments to say that . 
  like , if i bury pennies in the garden and water them i 'll get money plants kind of delusional . 
  you might want to check the benefits thing . 
  first , you have right to benefits only after you 've paid taxes for 5 years . 
  secondly , they 're not easy at all to to the get . 
  the fact that england is full of migrants who get there for benefits is inflated to the point of being false . 
  yeh that 's never going to fucking happen . 
  what . 
  the . 
  in 30 years time in history books there will be a chapter just for 2016 . 
  that 's ... not the `` real italy '' mate , come on . 
  you ca n't take an 8k people town in the rural south as a sample of one of the most industrialised countries in the world . 
  it 's like going to shittertown in the highlands where you have just sheep and no internet and have an opinion about great britain . 
  i still do n't understand if this works good or bad :(, 
  i was about to warn future readers that this thread is full of idiotic xenophobic idiot twats , then i realized that it 's just one . 
  to be honest , with the fuckfest of stupidity going on i would n't rule out anything . 
  does `` being deported '' mean that england would pay for the travel expenses ? 
  i would n't mind that tbh, 
  and stick them on the sidebar, 
  ok , i 'm sure what i 'm about to say will be unpopular , but what the hell . 
  my feeling now is `` good riddance '' , and this after a week or mourning , since i live in england and i 'll have to live with the consequences of the vote . 
  the thing is , england has never been `` one of the lads '' in the european parliament . 
  its polical weight has always been used in favour of the states , rather than europe 's , it vetoed a wealth of things that were clearly in everyone 's interest but for england , and all in all i think everyone felt it like the spoilt child who stumps his feet at the playground because he ca n't have things his own way . 
  so , on one hand , i really feel for those who did n't vote to leave , including my friends and colleagues here . 
  on the other hand , this has been years and years in the making , seeing people in the streets now does bother me a bit , i see it as a bit hypocritical . 
  i remember some guy here on reddit some months ago , way before the whole brexit thing , who half-jokingly said `` yeh we do n't really feel europeans that much , we 're british , we do n't like to be lumped together with the lot of you '' . 
  and i 'm positive this has been true for many , many people , including those who are protesting now . 
  so , tl ; dr : it 's a bit late now , you 've been `` outside '' for a long time , and i think that after a bit of struggle we 'll all be better off this way . 
  all i 've been reading recently stated exactly the opposite , you ca n't duplicate the existing trade deals , because they were made with a country that was part of europe . 
  it 's not like you just copy paste a standard contract , these things take years , and england has a handful of untrained negotiators to do it . 
  i would n't hold my breath for that . 
  no , but when i eat it 's not like there 's an uninterrupted stream of food from the plate to my mouth . 
  i 'm italian , from the north . 
  the one time i drove to naples it felt like diving in some kind of hell where a chaotic vortex of cars dashed all around me with no logic or reason , mostly honking and yelling at me , every crossroad a russian roulette where i could have or could have not crashed against someone . 
  terrifying , crazy . 
  the local friend of mine told me he had the same feeling when driving in sicily , so yes i ca n't argue with that . 
  although i must say traffic , at least where i 'm from , is pretty regular and respectful pretty much everywhere , and tends to get crazy in the big cities . 
  when i first moved to england i could n't quite get that `` you all right ? '', 
  was n't an actual question , but rather a form of greeting . 
  to which i always proceeded to reply with an actual , meticulous update of my recent life 's events , which is what you 'd do in italy when asked how you 're doing . 
  people looked at me with that `` what the fuck is happening '' look and i eventually got it . 
  fun fact , in italian ( and i believe spanish ) , the word for `` i 've the sniffles '' is `` costipato '' , which is false friend with `` constipated '' , which in english is used more , well , to describe another condition . 
  anyway , a spanish colleague of mine told me they have the same attitude as italians towards the `` how are you doing '' or `` are you all right '' prompt . 
  so it happens that at some point he had a cold and when people greeted him with `` are you all right '' , for about a week he replied with `` not so much , i 'm still a bit constipated . 
  after a few days of '' what the fuck ? '', 
  he was also explained what '' you all right '' and `` constipated '' actually mean . 
  aha that 's not true , but if it 's sarcastic to indicate italians ' inability to follow rules then fair enough m, 
  is n't that ... awkward as hell ? 
  like , sound of chewing and cutlery and people pretending no one is around . 
  mind blown, 
  coomand shift 4 + select area would have avoided the piss taking , 
  yeah , i 'm shocked by how delusional most leavers still are . 
  they still think it will all be great , and europe will give them everything they want because we all need them .
