  i 'll add that none of the british war crimes is ever mentioned in schools . 
  i know it because i have three kids in english schools , and i asked them . 
  also , after 11 years in england , i literally never met an brit who seemed apologetic or ashamed about british colonialism , whereas the most frequent attitude is a badly-disguised dreamy-eyed depiction of it , in which the sentences `` it used to cover the entire globe '' , and `` no empire in history was ever so influential '' always appear . 
  never heard `` oh shit we killed so many people i feel so bad '' . 
  so , no , colonialism is not , at all , criticized as it should . 
  if anything it 's often romanticized , the evidence of its crimes are often deleted or swept under the rug , and generally , not considered that bad after all . 
  edit : [ a yougov poll about what the brits think about colonialism ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/british-people-are-proud-of-colonialism-and-the-british-empire-poll-finds-a6821206.html#commentsdiv ), 
  no dude you 're really taking it too seriously , i was n't assuming you had a right wing agenda , i do n't have a far left agenda , and in fact , i 'm not claiming anyone in this thread had an agenda . 
  i was commenting on your post while disagreeing with it , which is something people do on occasions on public forums , without necessarily trying to further any agenda . 
  is this your first time on the internet ? 
  in that case , welcome !, 
  as for the rest , are you joking ? 
  do you really want me to go fetch links showing you that `` people * ever * criticized the nazi or compared bad things to them ? '' . 
  oh dear lord are you for real ? 
  yeh you should really show me where then since you 're familiar with it , i 'm over the internet all day and honestly i ca n't see this sparkly discussion condemning colonialism going on to be honest . 
  are you having a bad day ? 
  chill out mate . 
  my agenda ? 
  are you high ? 
  you can say that because they won the war ( s ) . 
  i 've never in my life seen a documentary about the good things the nazi or the kaiser did . 
  there must have been some . 
  the british invented concentration camps , amongst other things , yet i never ever hear anyone mention british atrocities . 
  personally i kind of dislike your argument , regardless of how you put it , it sounds a bit like `` oh yes , they kill and raped and pillaged all over the world , but look at those railways , all worth it '' . 
  in short , i think that no , the atrocities of the empire are very rarely mentioned , and i think that `` the bad things '' are kind of shrugged in favour of the good things , whereas it should be the other way round . 
  no seriously , i do n't know why . 
  why ? 
  i think stoke-on-trent iirc, 
  it 's not even the uk teen pregnancy capital any more , well done !, 
  wow , beautiful, 
  canada 's gdp is actually a third of a trillion smaller , just being pedantic  yeh but what 's with canadian beer ? 
  i did n't know it was a thing . 
  when i went to vancouver i was blown away , fucking awesome , i almost put it there with belgium . 
   the eu has managed to turn it into an existential issue , hence it 's easy to turn against the institution as a whole . 
  these are just words . 
  what existential issue ? 
  there has been disagreement as to how and to what degree war refugees should be managed . 
  only the populist right wing pointed the finger at it as an existential issue . 
  it 's an existential issue as much as every single issue that is discussed in every parliament on the planet . 
  like , no one ever said `` we should disband the us because too many mexicans enter the country though texas for my liking '' . 
   which only federalists and other opportunists would ascribe to the eu , an institution that is n't even 30 years old . 
  again , pointless rhetoric . 
  or maybe you are trying to infer that post-war europe would have been better off as a bunch of single states to compete against russia , china and the us . 
  right . 
   there were certainly people back it up with links , or it 's just air . 
   nowadays they find it more convenient to hide under labels like ` humanitarianism ' , ` responsibility ' and the ever transient ` european values ' so according to you there 's a ploy to get as many immigrants into the union , for what reason exactly ? 
  seriously , are you high or just repeating quotes from the sun ? 
  what other principles depend on it in your opinion ? 
  freedom of movement is restricted to member states , there is not a single country that promotes a `` everyone is welcome '' policy . 
  also , every country in the planet has policies regarding war refugees , it 's not like by like leaving the eu that would stop , because if you are part of a western society that is considered humane . 
  in regards to refugees policies , we were overwhelmed and unprepared last year , and the union is working on it . 
  literally no one ever said `` let 's get everyone in '' , and economic migrants are not part of the deal . 
  so , you might not agree on the details of the asylum legislatures , but going `` i don ; t like that bit therefore everything is shit '' is superficial , wrong , and most importantly , based on false arguments . 
  evidence suggests exactly the opposite . 
  young people are for more integration , older generations are more nationalist . 
  just look at the statistics of the brexit vote , the under 30 were overwhelmingly against it . 
  maybe you 're extending your own point of view to `` all young people '' . 
  i never understood this kind of position . 
  i would understand it if you were inherently against the union , which is a legitimate position , but saying `` i disagree with this particular position therefore no europe '' does n't really make sense to me . 
  if you are not happy with external immigration then speak against it , vote against it , use the democratic process to try and avoid it . 
  not being happy about something is normal in a society . 
  europe is n't perfect , it 's up to everyone to propose changes . 
  voting anti-eu and destroying 40 years of friendship , cooperation and well-being because you do n't like immigrants seems a bit silly as a point of view . 
  especially when no one is talking in favour of `` mass immigration '' , and everyone seems to agree that we should find a way to accept refugees and send back economic immigrants . 
  ah thanks . 
  when 's the final vote due ? 
  i came to the point where if i hear someone use the word `` moaning '' , even when combined to other nouns , as in `` remoaners '' , i want to punch them in the face . 
  as if the entire process of democracy were just about the 30 seconds you get to vote , and then it 's just `` oh well , i guess that 's not my problem anymore now '' . 
  i misread neanderthals from space and for a moment i thought `` they 're ... 
  back ? '', 
  where did you live ? 
  and how are house prices in tuscany ? 
  also in cost of life though , 
  yeh it 's not great now . 
  yeh just firenze needs at least three days , in a day you 're really skipping most of it . 
  five would be better though . 
  having to keep it under 60 pictures means something is missing every time , 
  yeh if some things were decided democratically i 'm not sure we would still be death penalty free . 
  to be completely fair with people who make use of omeopathic medicines however , most times they fall for how they are marketed . 
  i know lots of people in italy who buy omeopathic because they think `` it 's natural '' , as opposed to `` made in big giant factories '' . 
  still silly , but in their mind omeopathic drugs are made in a quaint laboratory painted in white , probably powered by a water wheel , with an old woman picking medicinal herbs from the nearby woods , and then crushing their petals in an old mortar , smiling all along . 
  i bet very few of them know that omeopathy is in fact based on diluting something that is already pointless a million times , until it 's basically water . 
  they walk into a pharmacy , they see a box with the name of a molecule on one side , and next to it a nice package with bees and rainbows , which one do you think my grandma would get ? 
  so , it 's infuriating that their sale is allowed in places where science should reign unhindered . 
  sell them at the fucking newsagent , or forbid their sale at all . 
  and yet the majority of welsh voted to leave . 
  i really do n't know what they were thinking . 
  what an idiot , for the longest time i thought `` whoa that 's a fucking white sand '' :(, 
  i heard those lines for the first time yesterday watching the oa and they gave me the shivers . 
  fucking beautiful . 
  then the sad irony hit me . 
  because they are little shits who got to the government with the tories and betrayed their electorate since minute one on pretty much every point , first of which price of university , which went from peanuts to 9k a year . 
  awesome !, 
  i had this conversation years ago and i was always skeptical about it . 
  it also makes me regret that when i had a chance i was too young and stupid to give a shit about old people 's stories . 
  so much knowledge and wisdom i have missed . 
  jesus , do you take three hours long lunch breaks ? 
  were they mongols ? 
  once i spoke to an old lady from friuli , and she told me that in her area all people her age still spoke about `` the mongols '' with dread , as according to her they pillaged and raped with great joy . 
  i never found that in history books though .
