  in my experience , english trains are appalling , no offense to england  i get 4 trains a day , and i ca n't honestly remember one occurrence where they were all on time . 
  i do have to leave half an hour early to account for that , and the thing that bothers me is that the outrageous prices are completely unjustified by the objectively low quality . 
  edit : autocorrect tricked me . 
  to be fair , of all the times i 've come to italy in the past 10 years i 've never caught a train late . 
  on the other hand , commuting in england i 'm late 8 times out of 10 . 
  anecdotal , but still . 
  we do not like to complain . 
  ahah why the fuck would europe leave two agencies in a foreign country ? 
  why not morocco then ? 
  or argentina ? 
  it would make as much sense . 
  oh fucking hell , finally . 
  yes , the reason why the left is losing is because it stopped talking about class . 
  it 's always been about that . 
  he lost the uk ? 
  the uk is a sovereign country , all europe could do to keep them in , including special concessions , was done . 
  i agree 99 % . 
  the only bit where you 're sadly wrong is that it took 20 years to take berlusconi down :(, 
  can it be that we have lots of veggies and olive oil as well ? 
  just throwing it out there , i actually know very little about polish cousin , a part from the load of pork meat , which i 'm not sure is a factor . 
  also very , very little junk food . 
   caesaraugusta decayed into zaragoza --  mind . 
  blown, 
  yeah that was all italy 's doing , clearly . 
  depends of where you go . 
  if you stick to taverns/agriturismi/places far from the tourist traps you can still eat a load of top quality stuff while spending reasonable amounts . 
  umm i do n't think that 's true at all . 
  the italian government proposed to have a police officer on board of every ngo vessel to help coordinate the alleged `` rescue operations '' , and none of them accepted . 
  i 've been in berlin recently and is fucking amazing . 
  plus the prices were ridiculous , for a capital . 
  this is one of the instances that makes you realize that becoming a head of state is not that much of a nice thing . 
  imagine having to go through an entire dinner with just you and the fucking trumps . 
  it was the kind of relationship where one of the two goes `` i do n't like this ! '', 
  and the other goes `` oh , ok , as you wish dear '' . 
  then `` i want this !, 
  '' , `` oh , ok dear '' , then `` if i do n't have this i 'll stump my feet really hard !, 
  then `` that 's enough !, 
  i 'll shoot myself in the dick ! '' . 
  so yes , not a great relationship , but not for the reasons i suspect you meant , 
  god i love being european , 
  francis belongs to your father ? 
  membership of the country club had always implied that everyone has a vote , and sometimes you lose and you have to do stuff you had n't voted for . 
  that 's not a new rule , democracy is about 2500 years old . 
  it 's not disingenuous , it 's just code for `` we 're here for the good stuff but we do n't care about the rest '' . 
  wow , that 's a lot less than i expected . 
  what 's the source ? 
  i would have thought that france , uk , and especially the scandinavian countries would have been more than a meagre 15-30 % . 
  the big problem with most italians is that they read their news in italian . 
  there is n't a big chance to expand your view of things when you just bounce from la stampa to la repubblica to ( gosh ) grillo 's blog . 
  no you see , the european union happens to be a democracy , where sometimes things go your way and sometimes they do n't . 
  if you so dislike being part of a supranational organisation then you should n't have joined in the first place , whereas as far as i can remember you were quite eager to do it when you did . 
  my impression from the poles i read here , is that every time poland is asked to `` respect the rules of the club '' , or to give something back , it 's all `` aw the french and the germans are nazis , freedom !, 
  '' , when in fact it 's just about being part of the good old democracy . 
  at the same time they 're not as vocal in the recognition of the sweet , sweet free shit they get from the community . 
  so , yes , as someone else sarcastically put it , the impression i get is actually `` we like your cash but keep the rest '' . 
  with the difference that the brits are amongst the biggest contributors though . 
  oh dear lord what the fuck are you even talking about, 
  i like how 99 % of the poles i read on reddit are all aggressive and negative towards europe while at the same time are feeling extremely entitled to enjoy the free shit . 
  yeh idiots are everywhere , that 's hardly everyone 's feeling . 
  student support is just a loan that you 'll have to pay back . 
  namely , of the astounding 9k/year that uk universities cost . 
  i think the feeling was more `` aw , so sad that they were fucked over by someone elses ' vote and they can do nothing about it '' . 
  oh for fuck 's sake not again , not again . 
  who exactly is inviting refugees in this scenario you 're picturing ? 
  no it really does n't . 
  if you know that the riina family is controlling all the criminal activity in naples , putting surveillance on them is just common sense . 
  literally no one in this thread , let alone me , ever mentioned monitoring people based on colour , religious affiliation or shit like that . 
  you 're just arguing for the sake of it . 
  that 's not how italian policing works , you 're just describing profiling , which is , again , another wildly ineffective technique . 
  this , a hundred time this , is one of the keys , in my opinion :  galli said there was no groundswell of concern about whether italy 's tactics violated civil liberties . 
  the broad use of surveillance -- including intercepted communication -- is seen as sufficiently targeted to terror and mafia suspects , unlike public criticism in italy of sweeping data collection methods used in the us and uk . 
  spending all your resources spying on everyone and anyone , including my grandma and her sister sharing recipes for peperonata , and then trying to make sense of the white noise , is an exercise on futility . 
  when , in fact , you can target the bunch of fuckers that * everyone knows * are dangerous . 
  honestly there are some jobs that are so hard that most people would n't take them anyway . 
  working in the fields is one of them . 
  source : i grew up in a rural area where most of my friends had rich parents with farms , and all of them would have rather worked in a mall at minimum wage than take on the family business . 
  edit : well not all of them , one school mate actually went to university and modernized the whole business and went on becoming a fine wine maker . 
  vast majority however , around the vendemmia , were like `` oh fucking kill me , i have to work in the fields with my dad for two weeks , i ca n't wait to be 18 so i wo n't see a vineyard ever again '' . 
  i get your point , but to be honest i 'm not sure i 'd be too fussed about this referendum in particular , as it was not binding . 
  also , i know i 'll be crucified for this , but i do n't think referenda are the best way to take big decisions . 
  pretty sure that if you held one tomorrow to replace tap water with ribena you 'll get a 52-48 split . 
  well , good news for all the throngs of brits who always wanted to enter the farming industry but never could . 
  another time a flood destroyed and pored around several tons of nutella . 
  to be fair , people with a realistic outlook were n't really vocal before or after the vote . 
  not to bring up the 350m/week to the nhs , but there 's that , really . 
  if there was a part of the population that thought `` it will be shit but yay sovereignity '' , it did n't talk much . 
  what you mostly heard was along the lines of `` we 'll stop throwing money at europe and we 'll be so much better off '' . 
  that 's why i find it funny that that particular point of view has died out without a sigh , whereas the `` you do n't vote just for gdp '' is taking over . 
  every now and then i just like to remind that , yes , along with `` no immigrants '' and `` we want bananas our own way '' , there was also `` our gdp will be yuge '' . 
  yeh incidentally that 's one of the things we 're good at . 
  i 've been in assisi before and a few years after the earthquake and they 've done an amazing job . 
  lol , a year ago it was like `` we 'll totally be fine , we 'll make our own trade deals and we 'll be super rich '' . 
  hey , not far from my house , 
  oh sure , but going from there to saying that only france and germany can talk and all the others stfu is really talking out of the ass . 
  sure keep saying that , it will get you guys far in the negotiations . 
  just so you know , italy , netherlands , belgium and others are also pretty big net contributors , you 're basically talking bollocks . 
  jesus , either you 've read history on your special version or you 're too stupid to talk to . 
  whatever man, 
  overlords meaning the democratic establishment you joined fully knowing that sometimes you can get outvoted ? 
  call it as you want mate , fact is , enjoying the good shit and not having anything to do with the bad shit is exactly what you 're doing , so . .
