  not sure !, 
  i thought so , but befana bears gifts , this one is more of a scape goat . 
  plus , befana is on the 6th of january , this one on the second week of quaresima . 
  a coupe of lunch breaks , sometimes three . 
  it 's not like german car factories ceos are well known for their fanciful rethoric , more like `` this is how things are , good bye '' . 
  again , you guys completely disregard the spirit of the european project . 
  it 's not , at all , just about trade . 
  as i pointed out above , even german car manufacturers , who will be hit the hardest by a clean break , have stated over and over that a united europe is better than a divided one , and if that means no trade with england than so be it . 
  you 're betting too much on members ' desire or need to trade with the uk , it does n't work like that . 
  i do n't know about the others but there really is n't an argument about leaving europe in italy . 
  it 's not even possible with our constitution . 
  as others pointed out , the brits overestimate the euroscepticism in the continent , i suspect it 's due to the your news media . 
  after all these decades the british still think europe is a project based merely on economic convenience and trade . 
  it 's not . 
  german car producers for example , stated many times that they 're perfectly happy to take a hard stance and foot the bill for it . 
  there will be disagreements , buy do n't think that profit will be the sole driver of the member states ' decisions during the negotiations . 
  yeh uk is kind of a hotspot though is n't it . 
  i was being pedantic , your point stands , 
  actually italy 's gdp is 2.94 % of the world 's economy , russia 's 2.15 % , 
  lol, 
  ah , there were loads of these in west yorkshire where i used to live . 
  when i walked by they always got close to the fence to be pet , they 're sweet as fuck . 
  also , you ca n't tell by the picture but they really are miniature size , damn cute . 
  no , the campaign claimed you could leave the union and still enjoy the benefits of the single market , which is what the several links above are showing . 
  i still ca n't understand if you 're trying to be right by twisting words or if you ca n't just see the evidence when it 's in front of your nose , honest . 
  no one said `` staying in the single market '' , the poster above said `` keeping access to the single market '' , which is what my link and the others confirmed . 
  you said `` brexiters did not want soft brexit '' , you 've been proven wrong with a wealth of links , just admit you were talking out of your ass and move on . 
  [ there you go mate ] ( http://uk.reuters.com/article/us-britain-eu-farage-tarrifs-idukkcn0ze10t ), 
  can you tell us more about what sort of guy he is ? 
  thing is , i 've listened to some of his first speeches and i can understand why people were crazy about him . 
  germans were so crushed by the consequences of wwi that they must have been absolutely captured by his rethoric about `` being great again '' and so on . 
  it 's not like he sounded crazy or surreal , just `` another politician '' , maybe more charismatic than others . 
  that 's why all the right wingers popping up today scare the shit out of me . 
  i did n't even know that naples had a metro station , and i 've been there :(, 
  awesome !, 
  god that 's beautiful , looking forward to seeing the other regions  you could include some food too maybe ? 
  i know romania has some seriously good cuisine . 
  this . 
  i mean , when they invented cars a lot of horse carriage drivers lost their job . 
  same when they replaced manually operated gas lights with electric lights . 
  society adapted and moved on . 
  german car producers have remarked more than once that they 're ok with that . 
  i would n't count on the german cars thing as a leverage . 
  uuuh i do n't know about that . 
  where unions were stronger is always where middle and working classe fared better , and the economy thrived . 
  that being said , i do n't remember many left-wing , western anti-capitalists governments in the past decades , so i really do n't know what you are taking as an example . 
  it 's not a narrative , it 's a fact !, 
  and i 'm not stating that to imply that only ignorant people speak a dialect . 
  it 's just a fact that dialects are ( in most regions , not everywhere but in most regions ) forgotten by the young generations , and mostly spoken by my grandparents ' . 
  it 's just an observation that reflects the truth . 
  also , it 's a lot more frequent to hear them in rural areas than in cities . 
  i 've lived in piemonte for 30 years , and , to be honest , when you say `` piemontese language '' i literally have no idea of what you 're talking about , and i 've spent time with people from all walks of life . 
  first time i hear of it . 
  my town 's dialect ? 
  yes ( i sort of understand it but i ca n't speak it ) , piemontese ? 
  not a thing . 
  for example , my grandma was from sardinia and she spoke sardinian with her sisters , but she never got around to teach me . 
  i never thought it was the state trumping our traditions , it 's just that it 's not the 1700s anymore and no one can be bothered , it 's just easier to understand each other speaking a common language . 
  it 's also due to the fact that people travel , at school i had people from everywhere . 
  a language survives when people stick in the same place forever . 
  who could i speak sardinian with , a part from my grandma ? 
  it 's not practical or realistic in 2017 , come on . 
  sad maybe , but languages die all the time , i really ca n't see what exactly the state should do to preserve them or why , oh why , it should be blamed if young people ca n't be bothered to learn them . 
  this does n't mean that traditions are dying . 
  every town has its own festivals , cousine , dialect , local festivity and bank holidays , the saint of the city , medieval re-visitations , traditions . 
  i feel italian from head to toes and i 'm proud to be . 
  the fact that we complain because of some obscure censorship of local traditions by the state is completely preposterous . 
  oh i 'm sure there was the will ( and i think it was well justified ) to unify the language . 
  what i meant is that i don ; t think that 's the reason why italians are used to complaining , seems a bit far fetched but i 've never thought of that , admittedly . 
  to be honest i always considered myself italian before being piemontese , i never thought `` damn government does n't let me express my regional individuality '' , 
  there are n't many `` regional languages '' , come on . 
  there are loads of dialects , who are n't spoken by anyone but old people . 
  sardinian is taught in school , south tyrol is bilingual , i ca n't think of other languages with large diffusion that would require recognition a part from `` ok , it 's there , feel free to speak it '' . 
  the dialect of my home town is different from the dialect of the town 30km away , would you really have all the thousands of dialect recognized and taught at school ? 
  who would want that ? 
  or street signs in local languages ? 
  there is no suppression , everyone is free to speak whatever they want or to express themselves in the way they please . 
  the fact that we do n't change language every time we cross a regional border is just bloody awesome , can you imagine the mess ? 
  the regional dialect thing was a short lived law by mussolini , i 'm not sure the reasons for it go back to the savoia tbh . 
  this really bothers me . 
  i mean , i 've lived outside of italy for the better part of 11 years now , so i have a slightly better perspective on how things are in europe than most of my countrymen . 
  plus , i 'm quite optimist by nature , so talking with someone who just moans all the time makes me awkward and wanting to leave the room . 
  in particular , the traditional moaning about trains is what drives me crazy . 
  i commute quite often in england , and trains , a part from being shockingly expensive , are n't well , up to japanese standards , so to speak . 
  being late is more likely than not , at least in my experience in peak time . 
  last time i went to italy i bought a ticket from florence to milan . 
  it was the fastest , and with no stops , so i was expecting to pay a fuckload . 
  when the woman told me it was 14 euros i wanted to kiss her , i used to pay around 35 pounds for a 35 minutes ride from cambridge to london . 
  the train was bang on time , clean as fuck , soft music was playing and seats super comfortable . 
  all the other times i went back home the trains were also on time , which is not of course statistically relevant , but if you ask any italian they would tell you that trains are all shit and late all the time and some guy maybe died in the toilette . 
  italians do have some weird inferiority complex . 
  they should start recognizing what they have that is better than others ( i know there 's a lot ) , what is on par , and focus on fixing what is really shit . 
  complaining for the sake of it is just a pointless waste of time and i 'd like to puunch people who do it . 
  you 're not wrong . 
  italians national sport is complaining , no news there . 
  we ca n't leave europe without changing the constitution , so i do n't think that 's on the plate for the foreseeable future . 
  i figure if you want to read pessimistic points of view about the eu you really are in the wrong place , what 's exactly your point ? 
  people voice their criticism about europe all the time here , but it 's a sub built on the principle that , despite its flaws , europe is a project we care about . 
  and even if something is n't 100 % super positive it 's still better than a bunch of countries on their own trying to fuck each other like in the past 4k years . 
  so yes , at the end of the day it 's ` hurr durr we need more europe ' here , that 's the point of the fucking sub .
