  either way , it 's a well known fact . 
  that 's a good question , and ... 
  i do n't know !, 
  i did use to walk in the woods a lot , but the only large-ish animals in my area ( south piemonte ) i knew of were wild boars and the occasional wolf ( those were reintroduced ) . 
  so , i had to look it up , and apparently [ italy is the country with the highest level of animal biodiversity in europe ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/fauna_of_italy ) , accounting for more than a third of all european fauna ( wow ) . 
  which is very fucking surprising to me , considering how settled italy is . 
  i guess i must be more of a city person to ignore all this  cool , i did n't know , read the article , it 's quite interesting . 
  edit : thanks for this , i 'll keep it in mind for the future . 
  edit 2 : well , fuck , i did n't know we had the portuguese man o'war jellyfish too :(, 
  `` italians - greeks one face one race '' , 
  nice one !, 
  oh damn , i forgot to credit all the people in r/italy who helped me . 
  i got lots of suggestions for this , thanks guys . 
  bloody hell , nice view from your house . 
  nice  if i 'm not wrong dino is the small island facing praja a mare . 
  yeh i 've read about the greek speeking communities , weird is n't it ? 
  i have to say , onions jam tastes less onion-y than you 'd expect , 
  / u/signor _ rana put it precisely , i just want to mention that the italian constitution does n't allow referendums on international matters , so italy exiting the eu as a result of this is n't going to happen . 
  well , some of them are n't , it 's not like we all live in a vacuum , and the states actively poke their nose in world affairs quite enthusiastically after all . 
  the accident happened when a pump exploded . 
  the firemen were quick to contain the flames , but the fire went on for several hours . 
  miraculously , there are no deaths reported , only a few people at the hospital with respiratory problems . 
  people in the area have been advised to keep their windows closed , although the authorities claim there should n't be no risk of heavy particles dispersed in the atmosphere , as the fuel burned had already been refined . 
  all in all , a huge explosion ( you can see by the pictures ) , which by pure luck did n't cause any death . 
  seriously , are you comparing immigrant coming to work with armed invaders set to kill and conquer ? 
  as for california , it was a spanish and portuguese settlement way before it was part of the states , so what 's exactly your point there ? 
  that europeans flooded the original spanish speaking communities with their presence ? 
  the rest of your comment has no source or context , and it sounds like a white supremacist rant . 
  yet you might have better results listening to experts and then making up your own mind , than listening to dave from the pub with his middle school 's arguments of supply and demand . 
  i live in a town of 500 and there are three foreign families . 
  vast majority voted leave , with big leave signs left hanging for weeks before and after the vote , english flags flying all the time , you get the idea . 
  mine was a hyperbole to illustrate my point : most of the immigration is focused in cities where immigration is hardly seen as a problem . 
  whereas towns in the countryside ( like mine ) with three families out of 500 people spark the `` let 's take our country back '' kind of rethoric . 
  seems to me like a good representation of false perception amongst people . 
  bloody hell , nice way to put it , i had never heard it . 
  to be honest i do think opinions have changed . 
  the months leading up to the vote were full of articles and opinions about britain stumping her feet to have things her own way or else . 
  it kind of became a meme . 
  despite getting concession after concession , they still went on with their plan . 
  no one missed the ridiculous handling of the referendum , by the way , with cameron betting on the result to further his own agenda and being fucked in the ass in the process . 
  that did n't help with image . 
  the feeling i have is that the whole thing is considered petty and small minded to say the least . 
  i think most of the dislike is toward british politicians , if we consider that their face to the world is an idiotic bufoon that no one respects . 
  in regards to the british people , though , i think it 's difficult to brush off the impression that they were grossly uninformed , and in general fooled by the big mouthed populists who led the brexit movement . 
  even after months since the referendum , by the comments i read i 'm pretty sure most brits do n't have the slightlest idea of how the eu works . 
  i think that regardless of how things go , it will take quite some time for britain to regain respect . 
  i think that 's not the case . 
  ironically , cities with loads of immigrations ( like london ) voted in , whereas small towns that probably never saw a single foreigner voted to leave . 
  i had read 4m recently , but i might be wrong . 
  my personal view is that eu citizenship will be pretty much impossible , whereas getting visas will be made as easy as possible . 
  any sort of tough stance on that will likely be vetoed by poland , to avoid their own citizens in the uk being fucked . 
  may hinted at it many times , like `` people already here are safe , but well , let 's see what happens '' . 
  i really disagree , but i do n't want to start a war , 
  wow , talk about misleading . 
  hey no permission , public forum !, 
  i just think it 's better if we agree on who 's doing what beforehand so that we avoid spamming the sub with submissions about italy  next week it the south 's turn again , so if any local does n't stop me first , it would be calabria . 
  who ever claimed the eu was just about trade ? 
  edit : i mean , i agree with you , the treaty of rome was signed in 1957 , and it pretty much estabilished what europe was supposed to be . 
  if the uk did n't agree with it , it could have avoided signing it . 
  are there actually politicians who claimed that the point of europe was just about trade ? 
  how expensive is cost of life in emilia compared to other regions in italy ? 
  like , average rent for a 3 bedrooms house ? 
  i 'm in your exact same position , going through places for when i 'll finally go back home , 
  awesome !, 
  fuck , now i miss piadine . 
  amazing !, 
  once you have the footprint and you know what 's in it , using a proper 3d package to put it together is trivial , instead of having it look like a demo from the 90s . 
  yeh , that is not a sending mixed signals within the negotiations , which is what all the british media suggested . 
  jesus , the environments that my kid put together fucking aorund with unity look better than this . 
  i would n't count on it , we 're doing the same with russia . 
  milan is one of those hate it/love it things , i 've never heard a half measure about it . 
  i 've been a million times , and i 've also had good times there , yet it always leaves me with that unpleasant feeling of `` i must have a shower as soon as i 'm out of here '' . 
  to a degree i think that 's because i perceive it as unfriendly , it 's not the actual filth . 
  i mean , rome is dirty in places , but it feels , well , great . 
  to me at least . 
  yeh it seemed quite a hyperbole , did n't it ? 
  ah , british media, 
  uh have you read the article ? 
  this is not about handling a crisis , it 's about negotiating something , and the eu is actually pretty good at it . 
  it has hundreds of very experienced , senior civil servants just for that . 
  i 've been many times !, 
  at least rome is pretty, 
  i ca n't make out what that is . 
  what is it ? 
  yeh a good quality to have as a foreign secretary , is n't it ? 
  all in all i think that this map is a bit silly . 
  i understand that was the purpose , but most things do n't even make sense . 
  milan is a shit hole . 
  traffic everywhere , dirty and unbelievably expensive . 
  to be fair i believe that to a degree this is true to most capitals though . 
  prices in london are mental . 
  true , friendliest people i 've met were in brittany and normandy . 
  i do n't know in france but i think it 's considered unfunny and bad taste pretty much everywhere . 
  my personal opinion is that it 's also not particularly insightful or good quality . 
  good thing we have it though , it means that in our society there 's still space for everything . 
  still , not something i 'd care to export . 
  edit : typo, 
  you 're clearly wrong , 
  no , not yet , i 'd love to though . 
  yeh , not everywhere of course .
