  what , the fog or taking the piss off other regions ? 
  for the first : no , only in the po valley . 
  for the second : yes . 
  yeh , from november to march in the po valley it 's pretty much the norm . 
  all the rest of italy makes fun of it . 
  dude honestly , as someone who has lived 30 years near alessandria-voghera , that would barely be considered fog . 
  that 's the kind of visibility you do n't even slow down for . 
  sometimes around there it gets so thick you ca n't literally see anything . 
  it 's just a big wall of white . 
  i remember a new year 's eve my friends and i went to [ our usual pub ] ( https://www.google.co.uk/maps/place/27055+nazzano+province+of+pavia,+italy/@44.9245151,9.037565,17.28z/data=!4m5!3m4!1s0x4787476b7d403a11:0xa3239617bc5c02c7!8m2!3d44.9246609!4d9.0393962 ) , basically a road we knew like the back of our hands . 
  yet the fog was so unbelievably thick that at some point we had to stop , walk for a few metres and check whether the next curve was left or right . 
  it 's amazing how you can loose completely any sense of direction , even on a road where you can remember every pebble . 
  no , you have a good point . 
  but i live in the uk , and i 'm used to hearing a completely different narrative about encryption in general . 
  encryption is demonized as the `` tool of the terrorists '' , privacy is not considered something to cherish or to worry about , no one really debates the slow and steady loss of freedom . 
  there are obviously a few who voice some concerns , but mostly it 's `` oh really ? 
  well , let 's go to the pub '' . 
  so , yes i 'm aware of the situation , in fact , it 's pretty much one of the things that i follow the most . 
  but i 'm happy that the dialogue is not dead , and that at least in the rest of the continent we 're not following the idiotic trend of fighting against encryption . 
  as a side note , since pretty much every it product of england is officially backdoored and unsafe , as much as ( unofficially ) everything that comes from the states , this could make a lot of sense under a commercial point of view . 
  just that , i found this news a bit more refreshing than usual . 
  these things make me proud of being european . 
  oh of course , we 'll get there . 
  i tend to do two regions of the north , two of the south and so on . 
  so , let me see , tuscany 's turn is in a month 's time , 
  did you mean to live or for holiday ? 
  for a holiday i 'm sure you can find some nice deals , `` normal people '' go there all the time , you just might have to look a little bit longer . 
  have n't gone in a while but air bnb might have picked up there too . 
  aha i 'm tempted . 
  although i think it would make sense to close with lazio , and a separate one for rome . 
  molise second to last , 
  i know , as always i have to exclude lots of stuff to keep under 45-50 pictures :(, 
  well , if you have a look at the other albums we 've posted it 's impossible to give you an answer . 
  every region is a thing on its own . 
  it also depends on what you are after . 
  weather in january is miserable pretty much everywhere . 
  so at that point you might want to go all in and enjoy some glorious snow on the alps , if you are into winter things . 
  now that i think of it , it might still be rainy but rome should n't be too bad in january , and you 'd avoid the throngs of tourists that crowd all italy during the summer . 
  venice is beautiful all year round , it gets a melancholic out worldly feel during the winter . 
  maybe it was the only inhabitant , and he left for the netherlands . 
  i do n't live there so someone could join in to correct me . 
  to my knowledge , yes quite expensive . 
  sardinia is very popular , to the point that some areas are regularly frequented by celebrities , politicians etc , i would n't expect them to be cheap . 
  if you go a little bit in land it should be more affordable . 
  the area i 've visited extensively ( west and south west ) was very cheap instead , with little tourism from the continent . 
  locals i 've spoken to back then told me that the west had mostly tourism from other sardinians that escaped the crowd during the summer . 
  only downside was that it was quite uneventful , especially for a teenager . 
  not many clubs , or things to do . 
  but the nature was wild and beautiful , and we found some amazing beaches with literally not a soul in sight . 
  it depends on what you are looking for . 
  aha it is an italian joke , but apparently it does exists , right north of puglia and south of abruzzo . 
  it 's just that it 's small , there are no major cities and no one can ever mention a significant historical event occurred there or important people born there . 
  it 's basically never on the news and i literally do n't know a single person who has met someone from molise . 
  hence the joke , but according to google maps it 's there  edit : the list in my post is n't complete though , we 're not even halfway through !, 
  oh , we do it every week , just check my posts , u/improb and u/hartemlijn . 
  well , i was n't sure it was representative , i do n't know how many people eat it . 
  my grandma used to happily stuff her face with it , but she was the only one in the family . 
  it is remarkable though , 
  as i said in the other thread , i 'm completely , totally baffled by the voting thing . 
  why would a foreign country be represented in the european parliament is completely beyond me . 
  voting on eu internal matters , voting on other countries membership applications , immigration , economy . 
  economy !, 
  what the fuck were they thinking ? 
  still keeping in mind that it 's the independent , so , who knows . 
  but the articles mentions brits being able to vote in the european parliament . 
  which is what makes no sense to me . 
  is there another example of citizens of another country voting in a foreign parliament ? 
  it makes as much sense as , say , australians , or canadians voting on what would like to see happening in europe . 
  also , ( making the premise that one one hand this makes me happy for the devastated remain friends i have here in england ) , how 's that something you want to do in a negotiation ? 
  so basically the eu offers citizenship , vote and freedom of movement to british citizens , while getting ... what ? 
  honestly , how ? 
  i really do n't understand how that would work then . 
  so brits can vote in the european parliament even if britain is not part of it ? 
  that does n't make any sense . 
  and they would have freedom of movement to the eu but not the other way around ? 
  i 'm puzzled . 
  i do n't understand why , during the campaign all the politicians of the leave side distanced themselves from him because he 's an obvious cunt and did n't want to be lumped together with his followers . 
  he was very vocal , but it 's not like he grabbed a flag and led a bunch of people to victory . 
  even before the vote , the vast majority of people were like `` eww , fucking farage '', 
  what a fucking disgrace . 
  britain is n't bad in terms of productivity . 
  and to be honest italy and france [ are well above the european average ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/tgm/table.do?tab=table&amp;init=1&amp;language=en&amp;pcode=tsdec310&amp;plugin=1 ), 
  i literally have no idea of what i 'm looking at . 
  we have a very similar thing in italy and it 's called luganega . 
  aha i did it all the time too !!, 
  my wife cringed when i showed her . 
  it 's not for everyone , 
  no i was talking about sgabei . 
  yes in genovese it 's fugassa , but really , only old people who work on the docks speak the dialect now  source : i 've lived there for 5 years and it 's my favorite city in the whole world . 
  i would have said it sounds veneto , but i 've never heard of them , so my opinion counts nothing  edit : amazing though , there 's so much different stuff in italy that you can spend 30 years there , travel a fucking lot and still not have heard the half of it . 
  focaccia di recco is maybe the one single thing i miss the most . 
  i had arrosticini only once and the guy overcooked them . 
  i would have stabbed him with them :(, 
  people at r/mapporn would love this !, 
  title with question mark , answer : no . 
  lol , true . 
  well , europeans in particular have strong opinions on most american corporations ' business practices and ethics , ttip was mostly seen ( amongst other things ) as a way to export those here . 
  it already exists . 
  the only ones who seem to ignore it seem to be bj and theresa may . 
  or maybe they do it on purpose .
