  also , england had right of vote , like anyone else . 
  you contributed , for good or for bad , to what europe is now . 
  this tale where some evil guy in a smoky room twisting his mustache changed the game half way without poor england having her say is sickening . 
  oh lord , you always got special treatments and requests , and blocked loads of things to keep having things your way . 
  freedom of movement is one of the 4 things that make europe what it is . 
  you do n't like it ? 
  fine , but jesus do n't put it like it was europe not being elastic , because you behaved from day 1 like a spoiled little girl that everyone tried to please anyway . 
  spaniards hate italians ? 
  since when ? 
  wtf i thought we were best bros, 
  you ca n't hide police ninjas , they 're like already invisible . 
  i 'm pretty sure people wo n't mind seeing soldiers patrolling the borders , but it 's just my impression , i 'm actually unaware of any opinion one way or another in that regard . 
  also , the point of the eu is getting some independence from america , this is just one more step towards that . 
  no i guess everything in europe will go to ruins once you leave . 
  like the one you 're pretty much begging to stay in ? 
  the market ? 
  i do n't know but i 've heard many poles complaining about english bread . 
  yeh , i know , but to be honest i do n't think this is the case . 
  both theresa may and this guy seem to be making remarks that will be difficult to take back without completely losing their face . 
  what you normally hear before negotiations is a variation of `` we feel strongly about this and we 'll try our best to obtain it '' , not a variation of `` this is a red line we 'll never going to cross and we 'll also get the cherry on top '' . 
  to be honest this seems consistent with a lot of people 's delusional point of view , which is `` they need england more than england needs them , and they 'll give us everything we want '' . 
  which , by the way , ai n't going to happen . 
  the more you think about it the more positive brexit sounds . 
  right , so a part from how desperate this sounds , he points out that no , freedom of movement is not something that england will concede , and yes , they want free access to the eu . 
  how about `` yeh right , whatever mate '' . 
  yeh that 's exactly the feeling i remember , although as i said i was too young to know what was going on . 
  i do n't know , i just have these blurred memories of something grim and gloomy . 
  weird . 
  i just remembered that anthony bourdain made an episode of i-can ` t-remember-which-one-of-his-shows in sardinia , his wife is from there . 
  edit : [ here it is ] ( https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=zde4ofjljos ) you can see how fucking happy he was , 
  by the way , the food there is mind blowing . 
  i do n't know , i think it becomes a problem when one of the cultures have no interest in integrating and make you feel the minority . 
  i doubt they would have had the same issues were their classes composed of a bunch of europeans . 
  just playing the devil 's advocate here . 
  i 'm all for multiculturalism , it 's just that some cultures are less elastic than others . 
  shitload of terror attacks in italy too , although i was a kid so maybe it was n't as bad as it 's in my memory . 
  what prevents the immigrants from jumping onto the lorries 1km back ? 
  i think he was being ironic mate . 
  sorry if i jumped to conclusions , it 's that the point of most leavers seems to be `` they need us so everything will be great for us '' , i might have missed your point . 
  the problem with what you said is that there 's a lot of pressure from the leavers side , and i 'm sure there would be an uproar if your pm were to make a deal where you have to grant freedom of movement ( and pay into eu 's budget for the privilege ) in order to keep access to the common market . 
  and i think it 's very , very unlikely that you 'll get any kind of deal without making those concessions . 
  actually , it 's pretty much impossible . 
  unfortunately with brexit light england would look silly , as basically you would have to swallow all the things that leavers wanted to get rid of , you would have to keep paying for access , and you wo n't have any say into europe 's policies . 
  on the other hand , europe must not make any concessions or sweet deals , as that would show any country with the hint of the idea to leave , that the thing is feasible and desirable . 
  so , well , yes , in theory it would be better some other way , in practice it 's a lot more complicated , and england does n't have the best leverage i 'm afraid . 
  lol , deluded ? 
  do n't tell me you 're one of those who think that england will get the kind of deal where they get to keep the nice things and leave the rest . 
  yeh i get dark humour , i just do n't find this funny or witty , just shit . 
  just a little above going `` lol you 're dead '' at a funeral . 
  pathetic . 
  i know , as i said i 'd ban all religious schools . 
  my daughter goes to a public school and they have prayers at assembly anyway . 
  it bothers me so much , i wonder what kids of other religions think . 
  however , in england it 's so discreet and harmless that it 's not that big of a problem , imho . 
  of course you ca n't ban muslim schools and nothing else , which is why i think in 2016 maybe it 's the moment to start thinking of banning every school `` with a flavour '' , and if you want to hear about religion you go to church , or mosque or whatever . 
  religous schools only promote division and hinder integration , we 'd be better off without it . 
  yeh what they should ban is really religious schools . 
  fuck no . 
  i had to take a flight two months ago , which i missed because i got appendicitis the fucking day before . 
  i bought another ticket for next saturday , and yesterday i said to my wife `` let 's hope that some other shit wo n't happen for this trip , like i 'll need another organ removed , or another volcano in iceland erupts '', 
  sorry , not being facetious or confrontational , but why would anyone in europe give a crap if england 's life got worse ? 
  not to burst your bubble but you 're not very popular at the moment . 
  the idea of getting `` a good deal '' or anything even close to a special treatment is simply delusional at this point . 
  at the cost of facing hardships , europe has to give you a hard time with the agreements , else other countries will consider the same thing . 
  sadly , for you , and as the article points out , it 's vital for the union to show that leaving = bad . 
  i 'm from the north and when i went to naples i was n't impressed . 
  ingredients were fantastic , tomatoes , mozzarella etc. 
  but the dough felt ... chewy to me . 
  why is there always someone on reddit who picks sentences apart and puts them in the worst possible way ? 
  is that what i said , jesus christ ? 
  this is completely a by the way . 
  and just anecdotal , but i 'll throw it out there . 
  i 've never , ever met someone who did n't like the irish . 
  everyone has grudges ( benevolent usually , but still ) against someone else , the english , the french , the italians , the germans etc. 
  every time ireland came up over the course of the years , the most common comment i 've heard has always been `` ah the irish are great !, 
  they get shit faced a lot but they 're good people ''  so yes , i can see you getting more new people in your island . 
   calm down stalin , it 's just a symbol . 
  being afraid of a symbol means you have bigger issues you 're trying to cover up . 
  uh . . ok whatever man, 
  how it ends is decided in the public debate , following democratic principles , which will change and evolve though time . 
  personally i could n't care less if women went around bare breasted if they wanted . 
  in italy they can on public beaches . 
  i do n't know elsewhere , i figure it would look weird at the supermarket . 
  but still , if that would hurt the sensibility of the majority i guess it 's something to be talked about . 
  mine is n't , but i can understand people not wanting to see old women sporting wrinkly meat bags . 
  i 'm joking , but still . 
  as for the rest , as said elsewhere , you do n't have to actively force a woman to wear a burqa . 
  the violence is exercised before , once they start being educated under the principle that they are inferiors . 
  so , i 'm not sure that banning burqas is they way to fix that , maybe it 's not . 
  but the condition of women which the burqa is a symbol of must end . 
  i think that as a society we must become more intolerant of intolerance . 
  even if that means banishing religious schools though which some principles are spread . 
  force a generation to go to a public school and see how women will start considering these customs unacceptable . 
  western values are not about unlimited freedom . 
  some things , just some things , must not be tolerated , else you 'd have the disappearance of tolerance . 
  you ca n't own slaves for `` religious reasons '' , and if being forbidden to do so infringes your freedom of religion well , tough shit , some things must necessarily trump the others , the freedom of your slaves in this case is more important than your freedom of religion . 
  now , the burqa is not a fashion item . 
  it 's something imposed on women , it 's something that most women are brainwashed into wearing , it 's something that emphasises their inferiority at the eyes of a certain class of people , it 's something that places them in a position of being second class citizens ( not to mention a whole lot of other things ) . 
  in our society these things must not exist , full stop . 
  if this trumps some tribesman 's religious rights , well , though shit .
