  food in england is mostly meh . 
  germany did n't blow me away , although admittedly i have n't spent enough time there to have a really informed opinion . 
  desserts were great though . 
  food in belgium was n't memorable . 
  i went lots of times and really , nothing to call home about . 
  luckily they make up for it with the best beer on the planet . 
  netherlands quite unremarkable too . 
  although i had the best kebab of my life there , which unfortunately does n't qualify as local food imho . 
  i remember eating something at a fair in utrecht i believe . 
  it sounded like upsate or something like that ? 
  awful . 
  i went to scotland only once , and despite everyone throwing shit at them , i was pretty happy with the food . 
  maybe i was lucky , but yeh , i had great food in scotland , including the haggis i got for breakfast , 
  you mean me ? 
  now i was n't denying or confirming anything . 
  just saying that this year every time someone said `` ah that 's never going to happen '' or `` yeh we have it in the pocket '' the opposite happened , so . . 
  i like how italians think the same about french cousine  seriously though , despite honestly thinking that our cousine kind of rules , i 've had pretty good food in loads of places in europe . 
  french food is great , spanish food too . 
  i liked polish stuff , although i was n't in poland when i had it , but it was made by a pole . 
  food in prague was awesome , as well as food in croatia and greece . 
  yeh north of these countries not so great , 
  who exactly decides what 's unconventional ? 
  seeing the trend of 2016 i 'd stay away from things that `` will happen easily , no really i 'm sure do n't worry '' . 
  i thought about it and i have to confirm , without fail . 
  i have to add , it 's not even only euro sceptics . 
  ok , the hazelnut and chocholate cream by novi is the shit . 
  actually , anything by novi is awesome . 
  the cream is hands down the best around , way better than nutella , imho . 
  if you like nutella , novi 's spreadable cream will blow your mind . 
  it does n't use palm oil , btw . 
  [ here 's a comparison between the two ] ( http://www.cibo360.it/alimentazione/cibi/dolci/nutella.htm ) , you 'll have to run it through google translate though . 
  nice !, 
  ahahah that fucking article . 
  ok ok , i should have said `` northern england '' , 
  ah i did n't know that sub . 
  done , 
  no , north of england , yorkshire . 
  scotland is scotland  nothing dramatic , i moved about 10 years ago because of a nice job offer , then stayed . 
  i will go back to italy eventually , but likely not in piemonte . 
  weather in winter is miserable , and summers are hot and humid , i 'd rather live closer to the med . 
  north of england . 
  yeh i remember now when they came to naples , and the entire debate about allowing them to return . 
  i was still in italy . 
  your comment led me to read about the current savoy family and ... jesus christ but a bunch of shits . 
  edit : i did n't forget , there are loads of things i could have included , 
  wtf new zealand ? 
  that 's what i thought , 
  i always moaned about it when i lived there . 
  the place i 'm from was quite uneventful , so i guess i extended my blame of the small-town life style onto the entire region . 
  recently i 've started to sorely miss some things . 
  autumn is one of them : wandering through the woods with my dog , the smell of undergrowth and mushrooms , the silence , the endless lines of carts full of grapes during the harvest , the smell of boiling wine from the vats , the first snows on my hills . 
  fuck i even miss the fog . 
  some times it was so thick you could barely see your own feet . 
  it made you feel alone in your own dimension , all sounds muffled , all the other people invisible . 
  funny how i hated that in particular back then , i always longed for the sun and the sea . 
  well , i still do actually  i do n't think i could live there any more , but i 'd definitely go back for some time in autumn . 
  that 's interesting , never heard of that . 
  i did n't find it in any statistic though , could it be something that 's perceived in that area but not actually factual ? 
  jesus frickin christ , who ever mentioned the word censoring ? 
  i never said censoring . 
  what i said is `` you publish a lie , you are forced to publish the truth '' , how 's that censoring ? 
  truth has the advantage of being , well , true , does n't care about party affiliation . 
  you challenge people in a court , same as the existing libel laws , same as the 100 % of instances in which people ask a judge to decide . 
  it 's like asking `` aw , and who decides if it 's true that i stole that apple ? 
  you ca n't give someone the power to send people to jail '' . 
  please stop bringing up the censorship bullshit , no one said that . 
  the italian article seems to have been written by a retarded 5 years old :(, 
  you have n't read the article , have you, 
  freedom of speech does n't amount to doing whatever you want . 
  keeping the media accountable for what they do does n't equal censorship . 
  one thing is expressing an opinion , one other is hate speech , one other is incitation to violence , one other is flat-out lying . 
  some of these are not allowed and are punished to various degrees in many western countries . 
  i ca n't see why intentionally lying to the public to pursue your own agenda ( like the daily mail does on a regular basis ) should be ok . 
  oh christ , who said censorship ? 
  what i 'm saying is : if you publish on a newspaper that this and this happened , and it turned out it was a lie , you can be challenged and forced to publish the truth . 
  not censorship . 
  considering that that happened literally zero times , vs [ the thousands upon thousands of times the british media lied on europe ] ( http://blogs.ec.europa.eu/ecintheuk/euromyths-a-z-index/ ) , i think it would be more a way to avoid people were fooled by some cunt with an agenda , like murdock . 
  what i think is that referendums might work if and only if the media were held accountable for the false propaganda . 
  one thing is expressing an opinion , another is to deliberately spread lies , which is what murdock 's newspapers have done unchecked for years . 
  uninformed people are too vulnerable to propaganda , so if you want to avoid disasters you have to take that into account , somehow . 
  ok , i think what you said is monumentally idiotic ( reference to hitler is usually the give away btw ) , and you must probably be 12 or so , but i 'll reply anyway . 
  there 's a huge massive difference between voting a person and directly voting on laws . 
  that 's the whole fucking point of modern democracy : since you are not a surgeon/economist/top scientist/lawyer , and even if you were you probably would have to spend huge amounts of time to research on every matter you had to vote on , you delegate someone to do it in your stead . 
  someone who you think is like-minded and wise enough to represent you , usually . 
  people do n't vote directly on laws - and thank god for that - bacause they require training , knowledge and expertise . 
  same applies to international matters . 
  if you read the news in the past few months , you might have come across the discussion about the british civil servants not being trained to negotiate international trade agreements . 
  that 's because it 's a massivley complex topic , and you do need to know a shitload of stuff to be even remotely competent and avoid fucking up your country with the wrong deal . 
  that 's why we do n't get dave from the pub to vote on international agreements , and also why we delegate people who know their shit to sit in a parliament and take decisions on our behalf . 
  what you said is that if you do n't have direct democracy then you 're literally hitler , which , by the way , made you sound like a moron . 
  that 's not what he said , imho . 
  you do n't have referendums for everything , else we 'd have the death penalty tomorrow . 
  i think he 's just stating a fact . 
  referendums are a terrible tool to take decisions , as the most vulnerable in any society become the victims of populism and misinformation . 
  the propaganda machine is still very effective , and it shines in referendums . 
  brexit was pushed by years of tabloids propaganda against europe , it 's not a mystery . 
  it 's not by chance that the he italian constitution forbids referendums about international matters . 
  aha no not an executive  i live in the uk , but you 're on point , in that when i come to visit family i often get long distance trains , so italo or frecce . 
  they 're not that expensive , especially considering the fact that i 'm used to the trains here , which are insanely expensive . 
  thing is , regardless of whether trains in italy are on time or not , we 're often led to believe that stuff in our country is worse than other places , which is not the case .
