  i think his point is that if you use corn flour , then ketchup instead of tomato sauce and ceddar instead of mozzarella , that 's not pizza . 
  eat whatever you want , but that 's something completely different . 
  brothers of italy ? 
  what the fuck is that ? 
  i 've been away for too long ? 
  she 's nothing like that slimy cunt though . 
  that 's a very complicated wto matter though , i doubt nz and argentina can just say `` we 'll sell you food at a lower price now '' . 
  ah lol must be true then . 
  and when you think the british government ca n't go any more full retard , here they are with their latest pearl of wisdom . 
  source, 
  access to europe will change though , pretending it wo n't make a difference it 's naive to say the least . 
  considering the four red lines that your government has just made public i think it 's very , very unlikely that you 'll be able to hold on to that . 
  lowest since 1985 , not exactly a twitch in the curve . 
  what 's this british thing of adding `` a twist '' to something that really does n't need one ? 
  once i had a [ so called ] sugo bolognese ( rag\u00f9 di carne ) with so many spices in it that it was closer to a fucking curry . 
  yeh , seriously , if you believe what farage and johnson were blabbering about you deserve to be fucked . 
  the c64 is still probably the machine on which i 've clocked more game hours . 
  god i loved that old fucker , best 10th birthday ever . 
  til . 
  i thought we had none :0, 
  long story short , i think they would n't like a functioning army next door . 
  yeh , as i said , maybe for some niche positions . 
  for the vast majority i would say it 's more around 20 % more than the average , when you 're lucky . 
  four times ? 
  maybe for some niche jobs ? 
  vast majority pay a little bit better than the rest , but it 's still not worth it , cost of life in london still outweighs that , by far . 
  i used to live in cambridge , and at some point i looked into jobs in london . 
  so , for the same position i was moving from i could have had around # 10000 more . 
  i thought `` woo hoo , great '' . 
  then i figured out that there was n't a house in london where i could actually afford a house for five people and a large dog . 
  so i looked into the outskirts . 
  anything even remotely close to public transports was pretty much as expensive as the rest . 
  anything far away from public transports would have meant about 1 to 1 hour and half commute each way . 
  so i thought , fuck it , what about commuting from cambridge then ? 
  it 's 45 minutes from cambridge to king 's cross ( 55 from my then doorstep ) , and another 40 to the place i would have worked , in south london . 
  that commute would have costed me from 5 to 6 grand a year . 
  so , at the end of the day , after travel expenses i would have earned 4 more grand a year for a 3 hours commute . 
  i did n't look into food prices , bills etc. 
  i turned down the job . 
  edit : ok gdp takes into account the extra super rich 1 % , sorry i misunderstood and i thought you were claiming wages are x4 the rest of the country . 
  still , they 're higher but not enough imho . 
  thanks !, 
  that was pretty good to watch . 
  this article is bullshit . 
  one of the first thing she said after she was elected was `` we wo n't bid because it 's too much hassle for little return , and i 'd rather spend the money for more pressing issues '' , and everyone was like `` woo hoo well done '' . 
  no acrimony , everyone happy . 
  plus , it was in the news two months ago . 
  the bbc has become as shit as all the others , sadly . 
  your comment is irrelevant and idiotic , but whatever man, 
  as much as i dislike italian politicians , i have to say that most other countries are on par if not worse . 
  not really . 
  at least i 've never heard anyone mentioning it . 
  then again , because of lack of work and exorbitant house prices most youths live with their parents well into their 20s ( and 30s ) so in a way i guess it feels more like that generation is providing for something . 
  as opposed to that image of `` let 's rape the world and let the others pick the tab '' that baby boomers have in the states . 
  just my personal opinion though . 
  every time i read `` spoilt millennial '' i want to punch someone in the face . 
  i 'm not even millennial . 
  wtf ? 
  i thought they were already in :(, 
  well , you really ca n't help bending the cable . 
  as shown [ here ] ( https://www.google.co.uk/search?q=worn+out+iphone+cable+&amp;client=firefox-b&amp;tbm=isch&amp;oq=worn+out+iphone+cable+&amp;gs_l=mobile-heirloom-serp.3...7684.10534.0.11390.6.6.0.0.0.0.224.933.1j4j1.6.0....0...1c.1.34.mobile-heirloom-serp..5.1.224.vnkuc_8xcyg#mhpiv=14 ), 
  nothing really , normal use . 
  i mistreat my # 15 sony earphones a lot more and they seem indestructible . 
  whatever the reason , that was two earphones and a charger i had to replace . 
  i ca n't help having faith in humankind . 
  one of the ( many ) reasons why i stopped buying apple crap is that after one ipod and two iphones , the earphones and charge cables always got all worn-out near the connection , revealing the wires inside . 
  fuck that , almost a grand for a gadget and you save 10 pennies on thin plastic ? 
  cheap bastards . 
  are you joking ? 
  what about all those people who were thinking `` i hate this fucking 3.5 mm port i ca n't wait to get rid of it '' ? 
  lol , and what about eternal sunshine of the spotless mind ? 
  translated into `` se mi lasci ti cancello '' , `` if you leave me i 'll erase you '' . 
  what the fuck . 
  now that i think of it , the worst part of dubbing is that they often translate everything , even languages that are supposed to be inintelligible within the movie . 
  so , for example , in a movie where you have an english and a german trying to understand each other , in the dubbed version they both speak italian . 
  maybe the german could have a bit of an accent . 
  still , perfect italian . 
  and they struggle , and they try to comprehend what the other is saying , and you go `` what the fuck , it 's easy , you 're both speaking italian you idiots '' . 
  terrible . 
  that 's a false misconception , we are one of the few who dub movies , it 's not a big achievement `` being the best '' . 
  as for the rest , try and watch a movie you 're familiar with in its own language once it 's dubbed , it 's . . embarrassing . 
  the way they translate colloquialisms like `` dude '' into italian ( which does n't have the equivalent ) is cringe worthy . 
  monolingual can read in their own language , what 's the big deal ? 
  i 've watched asian movies , after 5 minutes you do n't even realise you 're reading , really . 
  this is one of the reasons why in italy so few people are n't fluent in english , by the way , dubbing made us lazy . 
  in italy it 's worse than everything else . 
  the italian used in theaters and movies has no connection with the spoken italian . 
  also , there is a specific effort to remove every accent from the actors ' diction . 
  now , even when you disregard the complete obliteration of the original actors ' efforts , the results are appalling : imagine , i do n't know , the yorkshire miners in billy elliott speaking the equivalent of queen english . 
  unwatchable . 
  oh god i feel so strongly about it : no translation !, 
  dubbing movies is a shame , what 's wrong with watching something with subtitles like pretty much everyone ? 
  in italy we dub everything , and the results are pathetic . 
  the throng of economists who made forecasts on brexit analized the situation of uk leaving , not voting to leave , because that 's stupid . 
  you people pointing the finger going `` aha look , you were wrong '' , while still enjoying the nice things is naive and delusional . 
  if after you 've left , with zero trade agreements in place , and likely a nice bunch of companies out of the island , you 're still doing fine , then yes , you can laugh at people 's face . 
  doing that while still in europe is idiotic . 
  no they really did n't, 
  i know , brexit is all england 's doing though , which is why people mention england more often than uk when this comes up . 
  every country can veto the entrance of a new country .
