another wildly improper use of the word `` slam '' . 
  yeh , again dude , look my reply above , i was n't being serious really . 
  good for you anyway , loads of money you can use for the nhs . 
  mm skynews , must be true . 
  yeh dude i was joking , that happens with every single european country . 
  just making sarcasm on the fact that , iirc , there are about 5.5 millions brits living abroad . 
  lol you 're joking right ? 
  yeh finally . 
  let 's put a stop to all those retired british immigrants sucking up spanish free health care , 
  i live in england , all my friends ( the one i 'm in touch with at the moment ) are english now . 
  nah i do n't think he pretends . 
  that falls into my definition of evil , really . 
  it 's not like he meant to destroy the world . 
  he just wanted to get things done for his own gain , and if the world got destroyed in the meantime then fuck it . 
  something easily available and more in your face than a website . 
  the equivalent of brexiters ' propaganda on the buses , but true . 
  i agree with you , and i think this is a deeper problem of the left . 
  i 've always voted left , since 1991 , always . 
  however , if i start any argument with some of my also leftist friends that has the slightest hint of critique to islam or how we managed immigration , they talk to me as if i were a nazi sympathizer . 
  it looks like some liberals wear a uniform , that bears all the package of views you have to support in order to be considered as such , and if you disagree with one of the points , then you are a conservative . 
  personally i think that unlimited tolerance is not good , and that you ca n't let in intolerant views . 
  we should have addressed this years ago : women are free here , if you do n't like it you can fuck off . 
  we have freedom of speech here , if you do n't like your views being criticized then you can fuck off . 
  if i bring this up with my friends the reply is always a variation of `` we have to respect their culture '' , whereas mine is `` no we do n't , some things like freedom of speech and pursue of happiness regardless of sex and sexual orientation trump anyone 's right of being a cunt '' . 
  so , yes , if the left does n't change its approach to the problems we are facing today there 's no way out . 
  despite hating berlusconi with all my heart , and being him the only living being i actually wished died painfully , i think trump is much worse . 
  no one ever thought berlusconi was stupid , only evil and disturbed . 
  he never denied man made climate change , as far as i can tell , or give power to religious fanatics . 
  also , he had an agenda , albeit an evil one , and pursued it cleverly . 
  on top of berlusconi 's worst traits , trump seems dumb as a kettle , and with the same awareness of a stoned rhyno in a china store . 
  i agree on most things , but i think with ukraine they did everything they could and in a prompt manner . 
  they quickly hit russia with sanctions , which is pretty much all they could do . 
  ukraine is not part of the eu , it 's not like we could send armies or things like that . 
  what europe needs first , i believe , is a nice and strong propaganda department . 
  i think the eu it 's too vunlerable , at the moment , to all sort of populisms and lies that go unchecked . 
  no one knows of the good shit that happens because of europe , simply because it 's not advertised efficently . 
  on the other hand , every farage can stand on a cardboard box at a crossroad yelling dumb shit and gather supporters . 
  to pupulists europe is the scape goat for everything , and an easy target . 
  democracy works when people are informed . 
  they are not . 
  yes . 
  i have n't heard anyone saying something that sounds left-wing in years . 
  once you had students and workers on one side , upper middle class in the center and rich twats on the right . 
  i really feel like one side of the argument has been missing for at least a decade , with left leaning people closing their nose and voting the guy who smells like shit just a little less than the others . 
  i think you 're wrong . 
  i remember the polls for brexit being within 4 % for several months before the vote . 
  yeh that 's my point , they should n't be heading anywhere but the place authorities destined them to . 
  my grandma was a refugee during wwii . 
  italian national living in egypt , fled to italy with thousands of settlers . 
  she was assigned to a refugee center for the emergency and then a house when and where there was a chance . 
  she did n't get to choose the destination , like `` ah no i want to go there because it 's better '' , and she was an italian in italy . 
  if you are a refugee you should n't be able to pick and choose . 
  you have to come to terms with the fact that you go where help is available . 
  and there i thought they could n't do worse than bush, 
  someone else replied to that somewhere in the thread . 
  you like police , firemen , drinking water , your rubbish picked up , traffic lights and paved roads right ? 
  what an idiotic statement . 
  cost of life is lower than the rest of italy , i 'm planning to do the same thing once i get back . 
  at the moment i live in the uk , but when i 'll be back i 'll try and work as a freelance somewhere in the south . 
  as you said , from the beach , 
  honestly , i disagree . 
  by that i do n't mean that i know the answer , but we could argue forever without proving or disproving anything . 
  lots of regional cuisines are under rated even within italy , and one would n't know it until they spend some time there . 
  for example , piemonte extends from the alps to the ligurian appennine . 
  you go from mountain food to the incredibly varied cousine of torino . 
  then all the area around vercelli ( but everywhere in piemonte really ) with all sorts of rice . 
  then the langhe , with mushrooms and stuff from the woods , the porcini mushrooms and white truffles around alba , and then game meat on the hills . 
  not to mention snails and frogs from the marshes  veneto is n't less varied , going from alps to the sea , and liguria as well has a whole cousine based on hills farming combined with fishing . 
  i mean , at the end of the day everywhere in italy you go the food blows you away , really , trying to figure out what region is most varied food-wise is a pointless exercise . 
  christ !, 
  well done really . 
  i hope you did n't skip umbria , there 's a famous cycling path that goes from monastery to monastery , all scenic views between hills and woods . 
  quite amazing , and by the monasteries you can stop and get some of the unique shit they distill , 
  i looked it up and it 's not 100 % certain . 
  when thay say fountain they mean [ one of these though ] ( https://ixquick-proxy.com/do/spg/show_picture.pl?l=english&amp;rais=1&amp;oiu=http%3a%2f%2fwww.lavocedivenezia.it%2fwp-content%2fuploads%2ffontanella-pubblica-acqua-parco-venezia.jpg&amp;sp=39e9a8a8c3b8be7d623be5009ddeb7d4 ) . 
  i would n't pick water from where people drop coins , 
  will do thanks !, 
  i 've been many times but of course i 'm not a local . 
  yeh sardinians say the same . 
  also veneti , and tirolesi , off the top of my head . 
  still all italians though . 
  being from piemonte , now that i think of it i now declare that our cousine is the best and above anyone else 's . 
  by the way , i did look for pictures of a tonnara to show what it is but i did n't finf anything decent . 
  it 's levanzo !, 
  i messed up the pictures once i reordered them , thanks for pointing that out . 
  umm in the south i think in big cities and places with lots of tourism you should have no problems . 
  i doubt anyone would be able to speak english in rural areas , although italians will make an effort to understand you . 
  i mean , you wo n't starve . 
  i had a friend help me , did n't need it this time . 
  i will for the regions i 've never been : molise , basilicata , calabria , trentino . 
  all the rest i 'm very familiar with . 
  also campania actually , i 've been in napoli but that was it . 
  i tried to write it in the text field of the post but it would n't let me . 
  yes , there are loads of things missing . 
  like , buttloads . 
  edit : i try to keep posts around 40 pictures , which seems reasonable . 
  oh , i always found le corbusier quite pointless , never been a fan , that must be why , 
  i do n't understand the fucking point of protesting against something that is going to be voted on in a month . 
  just vote , you cunt , that 's the whole point ,, 
  bloody amazing mate , that 's exactly what i hoped , i know so little of that part of europe ,,
