  that 's really odd , unless the mexican guy was using a lot of slang it should n't be an issue at all . 
  cool !, 
  i have a trip there pending , love colombia , wonderful people there , but i hurried too much across the country , i really have to go back !, 
  yeap , good movie , whereabouts are you from ? 
  you could also head south along one coast and make your way back along the other , it would be an incredible trip !, 
  do it !, 
  yeah , but at least among the people i know backpacking through latin america is a more popular travel dream than the american road trip , also doing the whole panamerican highway route is a popular travel dream . 
  i do n't have a set definition of borders in mind but yeah , the one in / r/europe is a good one , all i 'm saying is the local population should share a feeling of belonging to europe , self identify as europeans , and not just apply to join based on economic advantages and the like , i see that as the first basic requirement . 
  i honestly do n't think so , say morocco which is close enough , the moroccan people would never feel european simply because they are n't , so from my point of view it would make zero sense them joining the eu , the very base would be lacking . 
  i would n't , other agreements or some other kind of status as an associate of the eu or whatever , not a problem , but people from a non european country would n't share the sense of belonging and shared identity that is the basis for the eu . 
  gosh , i 'm so jealous !, 
  that 's the absolute best stuff , my aunt and uncle used to do matanza and make their own stuff too , but not anymore , aaaah those were the days !, 
  i agree , love me some morcilla !, 
  but sangrecilla is only lamb blood coagulated and boiled or something with salt , tastes nothing like morcilla . 
  i 'm not a picky eater by any means but sangrecilla and brussels sprouts , just no . 
  have you tried the morcilla de villada ? 
  if you have n't try to find it , good stuff , a bit like the ones from le\u00f3n but without the heat . 
  that 's a pity when things like that disappear, 
  i 'd eat that haha , are they not common anymore as takeaway stuff ? 
  to me they sound weird as a takeaway because they usually look more or less like [ this ] ( http://jugandoconfogones.es/wp-content/uploads/2014/06/pies-de-cerdo-con-malvas%c3%ada-acabados-de-hacer.jpg ) but i 've also seen them in escabeche , like a pickle , never tried them like that though, 
  those are delicious !, 
  never tried them the irish way but manitas de cerdo are tasty stuff , we also cook them in stew , not deep fried, 
  if you are talking about carrero blanco his death actually gave strenght to the hardliners of the regime and people feared purges . 
  also pretty much the whole military and the like were loyal to the regime and pretty much every single middle and high rank would have been prosecuted without the amnesty , how do you think that would have played out ? 
  and as far as popular support goes , during the transition it was more divided than you seem to think , but mostly for a lot of people the fear of uncertainty was what was in their minds , you know , average people leading average lives with their normal daily worries , ideologies be damned when you fear another civil war exploiting , and that 's exactly what the amnesty was about . 
  that looks pretty good , looks like [ callos con garbanzos ] ( http://www.minevera.es/wp-content/uploads/2014/11/callos-con-garbanzos.jpg ), 
  criadillas and callos are tasty though , sangrecilla on the other hand ewww, 
  i see it as a necessary evil back in the day to ease the transition and avoid a bloodshed , in the long run though it has helped keep wounds open . 
  i do n't like it but i understand why it was done like that and i think it was probably the best option given the circumstances , we would have had a military coup . 
  i was binging on kortatu yesterday , aaah such a fun band :d, 
  i 'm from castilla y le\u00f3n and in here without heating you 'd freeze , central heating as in for the whole building was common before the 90s but pretty much every house/flat built since then has individual gas heating . 
  along the northern coast heating is more common than in the mediterranean coast but still not as widespread as it is in the interior of the country . 
  ugh yeah , i know cantabria and galicia in winter with no heating other than those portable oil radiators , clothes never dry , sheets never dry , you just ca n't get warm . 
  ditto , ca n't do cold anymore , specially humid cold brrrrrr, 
  way earlier than that , but it 's kind of shitty to be honest, 
  that would n't make any sense , many are perfectly integrated in their respective countries others not that much in different degrees , but that does n't mean they are any less of a national of each country than non gypsies are , they are members of a distinct cultural group within said countries that still have more in common with their non gypsy compatriots than with other roma groups from elsewhere in europe . 
  ah cool , not a bad place at all for a business trip , i liked a lot hanging out in the barrio antiguo , very cool bars and stuff there . 
  yw , so you spent time in monterrey ? 
  i 've only visited there a couple of times . 
  nope , only from friends with some fun teasing haha , but just like i tease them back about their asbestos coated stomachs and stuff like that . 
  strangers are just curious and people in general are very welcoming here . 
  my choice as well , i moved to m\u00e9xico 8 years ago and still love it here , despite the problems it 's a great place to live . 
  i must share [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t6zr1bzd7i8 ), 
  wait , so how many slippers does an average person have at home, 
  that would be super weird , we do n't wear other people 's slippers, 
  ok , therapy in small steps, 
  the wine is for that nordic panic attack , all is good , it 's just shoes ... ok will bring 2 bottles and one of licor caf\u00e9 , that should do . 
  i 'm coming to visit :d , will bring a bottle of wine and my shoes, 
  at my house sometimes , at other people 's houses yeah . 
  yep , a mexican torta is a spanish bocadillo ... not really similar to a taco though , while in argentina a torta is a cake ( what in spain and m\u00e9xico would be a tarta ) , and in colombia a bocadillo is a type of candy . 
  and tortilla chips are called totopos in m\u00e9xico . 
  also canadian companies own a ton of mining operations outside of canada , if what op wants is the experience of living in a different country that would be a good way to go about it . 
  unexistant , toy water guns are all i know, 
  same , and there are n't many vietnamese restaurants in spain , probably none outside of the biggest cities , most people do n't know what pho is . 
  no , i never had one . 
  they are uncommon in spain , i only know one family who has one of those washer-drier machines . 
  absolutely !, 
  i know !, 
  it is a tragedy and a shame what is served as mexican food in spain :(, 
  absolutely !, 
  bros from across the puddle :d i actually live in your country and there 's a desperate need for good mexican food in spain and for true manchego cheese in m\u00e9xico , i 'm all for it !, 
  well that whole thing with the tercios did n't go too well first time around , but yeah , we are bros now !, 
  also luxembourg will look nicely in our growing collection of microstates and the portuguese are already working on it to make it one of us :d, 
  romance languages + greece !, 
  because we are bros, 
  same in spain , but in m\u00e9xico ( where i 'm living ) it is random , ok the standard is the same but in most of the country zero fucks are given about this , i have never lived in a house here where all the taps were put in the same way and it 's specially annoying when travelling because the shower hot and cold taps are rarely marked in cheap-ish hotels :p, 
  i think it 's weird and pointless but do n't have a strong opinion about it . 
  hey you are the one who brought up putin , not my fault, 
  we deploy giant fighting robots , call the avengers or it all becomes an orgy with a bear in it , depending on what kind of movie we are talking about, 
  in spain it was 65 but it 's currently slowly being raised to 67 , unless you have been paying into the system for a shit ton of years , in which case it remains at 65 . 
  when someone is wearing a jacket or similar over their shoulders , with the empty sleeves hanging, 
  if i 'm leaving through the front door yeah , i say taluego gracias, 
  i do think we should push every country to comply with human rights , not just those you mentioned , via diplomacy and in ways that do n't make things worse for the general population . 
  porotos too . 
  one that i find funny is that fresas ( strawberries ) are called in argentina frutillas ( little fruits ) . 
  yup , and if i include spanish from latin america there are tons of differences , like peas are guisantes in spain , ch\u00edcharos in m\u00e9xico and arvejas in argentina and other countries , just to give one example . 
  within spain [ this ] ( https://media-cdn.tripadvisor.com/media/photo-s/07/a9/f8/8b/restaurante-casasola.jpg ) is called picadillo , chichas , jijas or zorza in different parts , might even have more names , and with fish there are so many regional names that there 's an official list to give each one a set commercial name . 
  when there are quotes within quotes the recommended order is this : `` ... '' ... ' ... ' ... '' ... '' , and traditionally the comillas latinas ( `` ... '' ) were the most used ones , but yeah , these ( '' ... '' ) are the most commonly used now . 
  probably something by dover from the 90s , most popular would probably be one of these : [ cherry lee ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-szaimnse74 ) , [ serenade ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gqbytkkt0tg ) , [ devil came to me ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9yp3lc3psja ), 
  the only way you 'd be entitled to something is if you had children or disabled family members under your care or an unemployed espouse , then you could get ayuda familiar , some 400 something euros/month i think , but that 's all . 
  for toasting on special occasions yeah , it 's not for getting kids drunk or anything like that , once you were 14 or so you 'd join the adults with the cava if you wanted to , but before that age that 's what the sidra was for , one glass for toasting . 
  i was talking about sidra el gaitero, 
  yes but very little , it 's for toasting, 
  very popular in northern spain , specially asturias , basque country and navarre . 
  i really like drinking it whenever i go to asturias but i admit it 's more the whole thing about being there , getting some food , escanciar the sidra and all that than the actual taste of it , which i still like of course , but it is the whole pack what really makes it . 
  edit : i 'm talking about the natural , non sparkling type , the sparkling type i do n't like at all and i 've only seen it used as a substitute for cava , mostly for kids , at stuff like christmas eve dinner and the like, 
  nope , i 've only seen that kind of stuff in movies, 
  one little known small roman site is the villa of [ la olmeda ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/la_olmeda ) , very cool to visit for the mosaics , and then good food and wine in nearby salda\u00f1a hehe, 
  [ atapuerca ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g5gmumjye60 ) , it 's the most important prehistoric archaeological site in spain as the area has been continuously inhabited for nearly a million years and the oldest human remains in europe have been found here . 
  the first one that comes to mind is the [ `` they shall not pass '' ] ( https://en.wikisource.org/wiki/no_pasaran ) of la pasionaria in 1936, 
  as they should , grossly out of place and idiotic, 
  has he ? 
  surreal and embarrassing if true . 
  that they have watched too many movies and live in a bubble, 
  water , sometimes wine, 
  can confirm , been called a talking machine gun more than once due to speed hahah , not sure about monotonous but it could be true as well . 
  [ yup ] ( http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-juetyr9jn88/vqy626shmli/aaaaaaaaase/xbq44hzza5u/s1600/toros%2bde%2bosborne.png ) plus one in the canary islands . 
  yup , ca n't link the frog though , that one must be found in person !, 
  hell no , that 's the best thing about our anthem !, 
  it began being roadside ads for a brand of liquor and eventually it became so iconic it 's a symbol on its own .
