the party group : spain is the loud one , italy the one everybody follows to next bar , greece tells the best jokes , portugal seems shy and a bit withdrawn til after 2 drinks . 
  varies by region , also wine goes with food , when just having a drink beer is more popular, 
  yup , you win this round hands down, 
  you are mixing together there independentist movements with regionalist movements , not the same . 
  yeah not that much rice in my area either , lots of beans though , and bread, 
  i 'm sure you also have normal beaches too with that much coast , although i would n't go to the uk to go to the beach , in that area we beat you hands down even if just because of the weather haha , my list was just the first random things that came to mind and the part about the beaches comes from my total shock first time i went to the uk as a teenager , walking to the beach somewhere in southern england and thinking wtf is this !!!, 
  have n't visited in a while though , i definitely should go back soon , 
  lies !, 
  even the language say so , right side is right !, 
  facundo are the best !, 
  i did n't mean english people are unfriendly , just that in my experience the scottish were more friendly than them in general , less distant . 
  weather is kind of shitty but when it 's sunny it is beautiful . 
  everything is expensive there . 
  there are some really cool cemeteries in the uk . 
  the british museum is amazing . 
  i found the scottish to be in general more friendly than the english . 
  they drive on the wrong side of the road , which is n't too bad until you take a turn and instinctively go to the normal right side oops . 
  their beaches are full of stones instead of sand . 
  kebabs in the uk are better than kebabs in spain . 
  spanish too !, 
  we love our pipas, 
  depends who you compare us to , but there 's a lot of corruption and nepotism in our country, 
  i guess we are the exception : /, 
  my lost polish brother !!, 
  we used to call my youngest brother [ willy ] ( http://www.foro3d.com/attachments/5662d1084128135-willy-colega-de-la-abeja-malla-maya101.jpg ) , he hated it hehe . 
  yes , we had it as well , vickie el vikingo, 
  yep , i had the cassette with the songs when i was little , yeah i 'm old :p, 
  yeah but he was pumuki here, 
  i like that city so much !, 
  we do n't have those in the city where i grew up , we have bus cards you load with cash and when using them each bus ticket costs you 40 cents ( cheaper for students and old people ) , i must add it 's a very small city and public transportation is cheap, 
  nope , but no one is in the sun in the hottest hours in summer if they can help it . 
  nooooooooo that 's not how we fight :( , we need a large table with food and copious amounts of wine , then we have 7 different loud arguments at the same time with lots of gesticulating and drinking , eventually football takes over and that 's when things get heated , more wine , we all end up singing sandokan, 
  sort of , a local incident that a few news sites have exaggerated to make it look like a terrorist attack , it does n't deserve this attention, 
  nah , local news say one cashier said he shouted that while the cop who stopped him said he shouted something he did n't understand in basque , guy is from bilbao , lived in the area and was a regular customer at that store and known for being weird/a bit mental , no terrorists in this story , just a mentally unstable man . 
  edit : local source google translate , they dont even mention the arabic shout in this one https://translate.google.com/translate?sl=es&amp;tl=en&amp;js=y&amp;prev=_t&amp;hl=es&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fwww.lavozdegalicia.es%2fnoticia%2fourense%2fourense%2f2017%2f01%2f11%2fdetenido-atracador-supermercado-ourense-entro-armado-escopeta%2f00031484141141091503810.htm&amp;edit-text=, 
  when i was a child the trips to miranda do douro to buy sheets and towels were a classic , there were organized bus trips just for that too , full blown towel pilgrimage stuff there . 
  i do n't think it 's that common nowadays but you guys retain the fame . 
  lots of great movies have already been mentioned but i wanted to add [ el milagro de p. tinto ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0151572/ ) , this movie is a lot of fun , love it !, 
  completely forgot about that one !, 
  time to renegotiate around that table i mentioned before , this will require more booze than i originally though ... 
  our submarines would leak and sink in minutes because the contractor for the glass was a company owned by the cousin of a politician from the governing party , so most of the budget went to fill various pockets and the glass bottom ended up being stapled clear plastic . 
  no , wait , no one said how far west past the line we could go soooo technically we both are in each other 's side . 
  we should probably discuss this at lenght around a table with bacalhau and cochinillo , and plenty of wine . 
  yeppp , got to the point of drawing a line to divide the world in 2 between us, 
  yes , that 's what neighbours do :d, 
  ok i 'll agree you can keep a baby healthy in a gluten free diet , i have a niece with celiac disease and her parents had to do exactly that under control of a specialist , but it was n't easy and i really disagree with it being healthier except in cases like hers . 
  gluten can be harmful to people who have some kind of intolerance to it , period , it 's perfectly fine for everyone else , and imposing unnecessary dietary restrictions to a baby 's diet is at the very least idiotic . 
  as an adult do whatever you want with your body but with a baby/child with no allergies or intolerances of any kind just feed them right and quit the bullshit . 
  you 'd think something as tragic as this would open their eyes , but who knows , the amount of willful blindness and stupidity required to allow things to get as far as their own baby 's death by starvation is , i just have no words for it , ca n't wrap my mind around it , it 's a slow death and at no point did they ever consider the obvious take him to a doctor route !, 
  it is child abuse , and worst is not only did they just randomly decide to go gluten and lactose free for no reason whatsoever , but on top of that they simply pulled out of their sorry asses their baby diet with zero regards for his health , and once he was already sick because of their stupidity they go and take him to a fucking homeopath ? 
  i 've only been to the west coast , arizona and texas and i do n't drive , so other than a short roadtrip with friends in arizona the rest i used public transportation . 
  so this is what i think . 
  roads and airports are fine , sidewalks are unexistant in places where you 'd expect them and when they actually are there they are often quite shitty/poorly maintained , normal nice sidewalks are the exception rather than the rule , but i 'm also aware that most of the cities and towns i went to were made for cars and not for people and have been told it 's not as bad in the east coast . 
  trains are crap , there 's no other way to say it , so are buses ( often dirty and not very comfortable ) but at least those run more in time and actually get to places , both train and bus stations are most times quite sketchy places . 
  no , and i do n't know anyone who owns one at home either . 
  to me it does n't seem worth it having one extra appliance taking room and collecting dust that would only be used a handful of times a year when i can do the same using stuff i already have , so other than for people who deep fry a lot i just do n't see the point . 
  yeah , cielos is hanna barbera cartoons way of talking , no one says that, 
  sardinia is absolutely gorgeous, 
  portugal and italy, 
  at my old job , last guy who was fired was caught stealing . 
  he had been including some travel expenses from the manager and other employees into the cash expenses when they had been paid for with a card and pocketed the money , was caught and fired . 
  the one before was fired for hitting a workmate at work , broke his nose , he had always been the agressive type and there had been previous complaints from other co workers about him being rude and always trying to provoke others to pick up a fight and he had been warned not long before this happened . 
  i never thought he 'd go that far but the people who worked closely with him later told me it was due to happen sooner or later and the guy was really unstable . 
  i got this : our top three guesses for your english dialect : 1 . 
  new zealandish 2 . 
  singaporean 3 . 
  south african our top three guesses for your native ( first ) language : 1 . 
  finnish 2 . 
  german 3 . 
  italian so i speak english like a finnish who 's been to new zealand and has a spanish accent :d, 
  i got glendale , long beach and la , apparently based on the fact that i chose firefly for those bugs . 
  map showed most similar all around the west coast , hawaii and the north east corner , but truth is i speak with a super thick spanish accent and there were several questions where i had no word for it . 
  also the how do you pronounce questions are weird for someone like me , i ca n't do over half of your vowel sounds so the words given for reference are most likely words i do n't pronounce right either , in some of them the references sound the same to me , palm and jam ? 
  same a , sit and see ? 
  same vowel sound, 
  i 'm from castilla and we always had a caganer in the bel\u00e9n growing up, 
  unless you are going out for dinner or it 's a special ocassion dinner in spain tends to be a lighter meal , maybe an omelette and a piece of fruit , stuff like that , so it does n't take that long to eat dinner and you are not all stuffed afterwards , also , like / u/exe928 said , we tend to go to sleep late . 
  i 'm 1,75 m , above average for women in spain but not that tall , in southern m\u00e9xico where i live now i often feel like a giraffe : / , you 'd also stick out here but in spain you 'd be just slightly above average among people your age . 
  once or twice a day depending on weather/activity , except ultra lazy bed to sofa stay at home days when i do n't . 
  nah , alliances and good relations with the us benefit all parts and despite the tensions and odd political climate i do n't think much will change in practice , weird tense times but more noise than anything is what i think . 
  in my neck of the woods it 's basketball for sure , but handball is pretty popular in other places so that could be it , not sure . 
  cheers stranger twin !, 
  my home town is a small city of 80.000 people by a good sized river and a canal fed by a different river , there 's also a creek canalized underground in the urban area , most of the city 's drinking water comes from the canal , so water/population is fine but droughts are common and it 's an issue for farmlands in the area . 
  [ mine ] ( https://8values.github.io/results.html?e=84.8&amp;d=80.3&amp;g=76.9&amp;s=77.2 ), 
  i 'd learn some common words and expressions and would try to catch more of the language because seems fun and interesting , but i doubt i 'd be willing to put the effort to go seriously into it . 
  it would also depend a lot on how much it was used in my social circle . 
  i 'd say for poor and trashy it would have to be some of the `` ciudades dormitorio '' in or near the metropolitan areas of madrid , barcelona and bilbao, 
  jajajajjaja you are right , not even food , how could i forget the all important onion issue !, 
  this is spain we are talking about , we ca n't agree on anything other than maybe food , no lyrics is best and it still allows for singing out loud the chun da chun da if anyone wants to, 
  it 's on the ugly side but at least it has no lyrics, 
  yep , and with selectividad after finishing classes it 's always been just heading to a bar straight from the last exam , and then to another one and another one ... 
  only if i happen to be in spain at the time , but between our politics being a clusterfuck of nonsense and corruption and the process to vote from abroad being a pain in the ass i have never bothered, 
  yes but not to that point , mostly people will have flower pots , flags in semana santa , football world cup and the like , and what is pretty common specially in older buildings with balconies is for some neighbours enclosing their balconies while others leave them as they were, 
  he looks like a weird dandruffy time traveller coming straight from the early to mid 80s , like a background character from a cheesy 80s us sitcom but comes off as a weird copy of it, 
  that food though !, 
  and albari\u00f1o and licor caf\u00e9 ( drools ), 
  i 'm from castilla y le\u00f3n , we are known for being conservative , roasting lactating mammals to perfection , making good wine and drinking it with great pleasure and in copious amounts , being direct and not too friendly to strangers , calling it freshness when it 's actually fucking cold , carrying a jacket around in the evenings in the middle of summer no matter where we are `` in case it gets fresh '', 
  that sounds fantastic !, 
  best of luck , 
  i think that 's exactly the pronunciation i was talking about , only i wrote it as it sounds in spanish and you did the same in english , wish i was n't so useless at phonetic transcription hahaha,
