tried burrata or stracciatella ? 
  in russia , science does you . 
  it would be pretty nice of you to robe all the blind . 
  wait ... kind of like we did to the native americans ? 
  sadly ? 
  it is an issue . 
  it introduces poorly understood logic into the law -- making the law harder to interpret , susceptible to contradiction and giving to much power to the state to `` interpret '' such contradictions . 
  the consequences of bad laws are much worse than the few people who would practice this . 
  finally , as has been stated , this is a voluntary interaction between adults we 're talking about -- the state has no business interacting in it . 
  the state also has no business helping these people to deal with the possible consequences . 
  one * should * morally object to incest -- but the law should n't enter into it . 
  you have to use many-valued logic to determine what degree of incest you do or do n't allow . 
  siblings ? 
  second cousins ? 
  many-valued logic is n't really even well understood mathematically to do this kind of thing easily . 
  hahaha , you cute europeans -- come to the central plains of the us . 
  ` murica !!!!, 
  haha , i win : 6 ' 2 '', 
  usually a state of * zen * , as far as i can tell . 
  ah , the famous `` posto fisso '' of italy -- the government bureaucracy here is the cause of ** enormous ** economic waste via rent-seeking . 
  and ? 
  i did n't say that your system does n't provide healthcare to nearly everyone * at the current moment * -- which is probably what was measured . 
  i said your healthcare infrastructure is falling apart , many of you doctors want to move elsewhere because pay is low and it 's difficult/expensive to get the care you want . 
  with economic stagnation and a large number of immigrants ( who are mostly escaping terrible conditions ) -- how do you expect * good * `` free '' healthcare for everyone to continue ? 
  tax the rich more ? 
  what if they simply move away ? 
  no , no it 's not . 
  a powerful government is antithetical to personal freedom -- ask some eastern europeans . 
  yes , it is . 
  i live here . 
  your hospitals look terrible compared to american ones . 
  `` free '' is not free -- first , it 's supported by taxes ( but so is the bureaucracy which maintains it , reducing cost efficiency ) , second , one has to consider the opportunity cost of waiting for service ... and there is a lot of waiting in italy . 
  recently my son had his vaccinations . 
  luckily we kept his residence in the south , where his mother has residence , because we could n't have gotten the meningitis vaccine in milan ( where he was born ) ... a friend of ours had to go to venato ... and , of course , pay out of pocket because they are n't residents there . 
  one 's choice of doctor is severely restricted ... unless one pays out of pocket , of course ... but one has * already * payed for healthcare via taxes -- why should one pay * again * out of pocket . 
  people would pay * less * on average without your so called `` free '' healthcare . 
  businesses hire under the table ( and a lot of illegal immigrants ) to avoid taxes , yes -- because taxes are always a part of their calculation for hiring . 
  this is one of the reasons `` corporate '' taxes do n't make sense -- a business just rolls those costs into lower wages , higher prices or lower dividends -- all taxes are paid by people . 
  you expect the apparatus of the government to govern itself ... that 's rich . 
  `` large '' with regard to government generally means powerful and influencing private life a great deal . 
  did i say all laws are bad ? 
  no , i said most laws restrict liberty . 
  the best legislature understands that most proposed laws have a lot of unintended consequences and do n't pass laws just because it seems like a good idea at the time . 
  what ? 
  you want big government ? 
  but you want democracy too , i 'll bet . 
  what happens when trump or le pen or berlusconi get into power with a strong government ? 
  i am basically a libertarian , so , then italy would probably be much better off -- you would n't have `` free '' but crumbling and ridiculously complicated healthcare , for example . 
  you would n't have `` amazing '' pensions and unemployment benefits , but your unemployment and economic stagnation would n't be so bad , for example . 
  that 's my point . 
  the referendum would have made the camera much more powerful and smaller -- with most new laws not needing to go to the senate . 
  even more laws would have been passed -- and most laws are a way to restrict liberty -- therefore , bad . 
  take it from an american -- the best legislature is one that 's mostly ineffective . 
  that way , the only laws passed are those which are `` really '' needed . 
  thank god , we do n't need the italian parliament becoming even more effective . 
  ( notice the lack of an '' / s '' tag . ), 
  aestivation, 
  ah , i did n't know where op was , i 'm across the sea in puglia right now , yeah it 's hot ... and we complain about typical weather in the states too . 
  so like a typical summer day , for much of the states ? 
  i 'm teasing , i know you 're not used to it . 
  so you 're agreeing that the eu regulation ( which is hardly any regulation at all in this case ) is better . 
  why would you want two laws , both with unintended consequences , when none would suffice ? 
  every law is like an axiom within a mathematical system , every axiom `` complicates '' the system and , if not very carefully considered , every axiom brings one the possibility of a paraconsistent system . 
  you think the consequences are mild , but you 're living in the relatively unregulated market in this case ( as am i , actually , though american i live in italy ) ... 
  i 'm not sure the people who get extra salmonella poisoning in the us think it 's as mild ... or the people who are unable to sell their eggs . 
  ( my parents live in a rural area in the us and frequently get eggs from others via barter ... 
  i 'll bet these people might rather sell for cash at the local grocery . ), 
  why should what you think , who are no expert in the area and have no relation to the people doing the business of buying and selling eggs have any bearing on the matter ? 
  you eat eggs perhaps ? 
  choose your egg seller by who has a good reputation , nothing more . 
  but these regulations are clearly helping the plutocracy , by reducing competition from small operations , and though they may have been intended for consumer protection , they do n't even do that better . 
  laws and regulations always have unintended consequences , and , unlike the people behind them , they should n't be judged , in any quantity , by their intentions , but by their consequences -- they are just impersonal words on paper , not people , if they do n't work , get rid of them . 
  it 's cheap for large industrial farms , but it prevents smaller farms from entering the market . 
  this reduces competition and hurts consumers . 
  it 's true that effective vaccines may have not been available when the regulations were put in place , but notice the british chickens are not required to be vaccinated , only that they get a better seal . 
  these regulations are bad for consumers . 
  they are also a higher barrier to entry into the market , preventing smaller producers from competing with larger well-established ones . 
  these regulations are * helping * `` big egg '' at the expense of consumers . 
  these are both !, 
  https://youtu.be/xbqv1suqj0s?t=1m21s chlorine , so i assume basically bleach . 
  the process in the us is mandated by the usda , which process do you think is closer to a natural egg ? 
  which one is more likely to keep small businesses out ? 
  you really think all that washing equipment , bleaching and refrigeration makes the eggs cheaper ? 
  maybe so , but then it 's the * process * making the eggs cheaper , not the regulation . 
  that may be , but it 's still not allowed under the regulations as i read them . 
  i 'm actually from oklahoma and have raised chickens , so i 'm aware that there are plenty of small farms in the country . 
  but most people in the us live in the coastal cities -- they can not access these eggs which would be both safer and cheaper easily . 
  but , again , only direct to final customer . 
  they ca n't sell their eggs ( without processing ) to a grocery store or distributor . 
  yeah , i saw the exemption . 
  as i said , only small producers -- it protects large producers . 
  washing with water of a certain temperature , dousing in bleach and then constant refrigeration . 
  do you have any idea how much refrigeration costs ? 
  found the exemption , number 3 : https://www.gpo.gov/fdsys/pkg/uscode-2014-title21/html/uscode-2014-title21-chap15-sec1044.htm so only small producers , directly to customer . 
  basically a non-competition clause . 
  legally ? 
  ah , [ name calling ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/name_calling ) , the lowest form of argument . 
  bad regulations are bad , and maybe this regulation was good at the time it was created , but by having the force of law it has created a group of people who have an interest in keeping the law ossified -- public welfare be damned . 
  really ? 
  downvote the truth ?
