look only very few people like the european union in its present manifestation most people agree that the union has to change , they do n't agree into what , but they still like the idea of a european union . 
  ttip on the other hand is n't well liked because many people think it will only make a profit for international companies and is a burden for consumers and workers, 
   but are we talking far-left absolutely ( communist ) or relatively ( not conservative ) ? 
  they are a green-party you have the greens in germany and in canada so you should know who they are . 
   is there an equivalent to a far-right populist party who has actually won anywhere recently ? 
  the separation between right and left political party appeared during the french revolution of 1789 when members of the national assembly divided into supporters of the king to the president 's right and supporters of the revolution to his left . 
  it is an outdated system that should not be used anymore . 
  if you mean parties that are influenced by karl marx and the labour-movement there is syriza in greece and podemos in spain . 
  in austria we have der wandel but they are a very small party at the moment and are rally covered by the media . 
   i do n't think anyone in ( west ) germany , for example , is dancing in the streets when die linke ( far left ) wins anything in east germany . 
  it 's more like sighing and shaking their heads . 
  germany is a very traditional country that means they vote conservative . 
  they do n't like change very much there . 
  the far-left in austria is the green-movement, 
  i think that would be a good idea, 
  well . . i 'm ... 
  no it is not , angela merkel said germany takes syrian refugees from greece and italy . 
  austria never made such a statement, 
  that is the problem with our capital oriented society and the strength of the european people 's party group in the european parliament but it is not the fold of the european union, 
  fucking is a very small vilage, 
  i do n't think they have an ambulance in fucking, 
  center right and center left are apolitical today and only exist to continue status quo . 
  wrong !!!, 
  center right = good center left = acceptable right = hitler left = ~ ~ stalin ~ ~ satan edit : above me was : because left = good right = always bad, 
  but it is the truth that a lot of germans have financial problems . 
  you probably do n't see it but they exist . 
  and beside that you do n't need to be wealthy to be happy . 
  19 % of germany are still 15.7 mil . 
  people, 
  and 52 % of the brits thought leaving the eu will be good for their economy, 
  well the uk will leave the eu so we probably would not take part in such a war, 
  ireland is an island and not part of eurasia, 
  the state can just give you a paper and say that it is money buy with it what you want . 
  the state can also say the money can only be used 10 times or you can only use it for 6 months . 
  to counter inflation, 
   also volunteered slavery . 
  you mean work ? 
  edit : as long as your country agrees to follow human rights and freedom of expression you can not ban cloths . 
  of cause if you do n't follow h.r. 
  anymore do whatever you want edit edit : yes i know the same could be said about austria and nazi uniforms, 
  cloths only hide the pedophiles erection , ban all of it !, 
  if they do that there will be a lot of people in austria that will vote for the fp\u00d6 in the next election for the national council, 
  well you are right our media does n't report on it a lot :( edit : https://www.reddit.com/r/austria/search?q=ttip&amp;sort=new&amp;restrict_sr=on&amp;t=all, 
  that is because no english news side reported on it, 
   well we will probably have a referendum ( public-opinion-pool like brexit ) on ttip in the coming months so they are not the only ones that fight it . 
  well we will probably have a referendum ( public-opinion-pool like brexit ) on ttip in the coming months so they are not the only ones that fight it . 
  but i am still happy that so many people in france were on the streets for us . 
  vergewaltigung means rape in german, 
  sorry i thought you wrote austrian instead of american, 
  no he is not edit : sorry i thought he wrote austrian instead of american, 
  it is n't that we are against taking in refugees but it is the lack of cooperation in europe that makes us worried . 
  for example we have at the moment more refugees than italy and while france is allowed to close its borders and germany is preparing to strength its borders , brussel is only critical to austria for also preparing its border and ignores the other two . 
  combine that with the fact that the big three have their own meetings where they deceit the future of europe and you would be worried too as citizen of a small state . 
  okay deal . 
  all we have to do now is to wait for merkel to make it official . 
  no we want niederbayern , oberbayern , schwaben and liechtenstein . 
  deal ? 
  look i do n't want to be a dick to you but from where we are standing it looks like brussel , france , italy , and germany are trying to screw us with the economic migrants . 
  and we are not sweden that we will just take it . 
  i do n't support the fp\u00d6 but i can understand that many austrians are worried . 
  the fp\u00d6 was founded one year after austria 's occupation has ended , for a long time as good as nobody voted for them because of the reasons you already said . 
  but in the year 1983 the social democrats decided to enter government together with the fp\u00d6 , because they do n't wanted to work with the conservatives and from then on they started winning more and more votes . 
  austria 's head of state is the federal president , elected by popular vote for a term of six years and limited to two consecutive terms of office . 
  the federal cabinet consists of the federal chancellor appointed by the president and a number of ministers appointed by the president on the recommendation of the chancellor . 
  the federal cabinet is answerable to the national council and can be forced to resign by a motion of no confidence . 
  the federal assembly , which is formed by national council and federal council , its main responsibility is the swearing in of the federal president . 
  it can also call a referendum on the removal of the president from office or bring the president before the constitutional court if it concludes that the president violated the constitution . 
   by the way , fun fact : guess which parliamentary party has highest number of ex-commies in their ranks now ( i mean mps ) . 
  yeah , it 's pis . 
  that just made my day, 
  look i just think there are racist in the gop and not a lot of people in the party are calling them out, 
  of cause but if he would be an american he would be a white supremacist and that is ok in one of the two parties , not official but unofficial, 
  why ? 
  of cause you are correct and i think you can not trust the fp\u00d6 to this day but it is not the same party as sixty years ago, 
  just one question how many poles were members of the communist party , if you are controlled by fascists there will always be people that will sympathies with them, 
  and many former members of our conservative party were ex-nsdap-members like many austrians and germans . 
  do n't get me wrong i do n't like him or his party but that is the way it is, 
  watch news , god dame it !, 
  for common defense policy we need common foreign policy first , i mean they can talk about it but it will not happen in the next 30 years, 
  well good for them but what was there profession ? 
  nyc and london are the most expensive cities i can think of . 
  but melbourne is nice, 
  so what city is far better ? 
  it is still better because it is freer but every media no matter if state or private owned has its own agenda and will only tell what it wants to tell, 
  no media is unbiased and objective they all lie or mislead, 
  do you mean they made a comment to the ticker in ankara than that would be stupid . 
  if you mean the original comment by the minister it also is stupid because she made a statement on wrong information she got from sweden 's media on an issue that has nothing to do with her country, 
  i knew it that aussies, 
  and what country would be the most racist country for white people ? 
  you know what you are right the headline that was shown on the ticker in austria was incorrect but the same could be said about this headline it is incorrect because sweden uses a other system than other countries and does n't have more rapes, 
  you are right it is the same thing that happened in vienna airport , a newspaper installed a ticker that shows a headline that shows not the full story and is misleading . 
  and you know what if sweden 's government gives any comment on it they look like idiots, 
  well forests and cities are growing, 
  you sexist men should show as much skin as women or the other way around if you get what i mean, 
  for same reason that i do n't understand the swiss brand has an obsession with our flag, 
  agree, 
  agree, 
  i think the original post was just not good written ** or ** i misunderstood her, 
  no they are just not native in the same sense the white and african american people are not native in america, 
  you are right  he did n't say native swiss but i think he meant something similar to what u/signifyd said  i think he 's just saying the smallness and reliance on external trade makes mixed backgrounds not so unusual .
