  his voters can choose to vote white or abstain on round 2 though more will vote against pen than against macron . 
  wilders lost seats mate . 
  i like france , ireland , portugal , the netherlands ( does anyone not like them ? ), 
  and denmark . 
  i 'd consider them really friendly nations towards us . 
  the irish and the french give us a good ribbing , the portuguese are loyal to a fault and the danish & dutch are just really awesome . 
  i do n't like spain much . 
  in my town in england the cooperative is open from 10am-4pm on sunday but 7am-10pm all other days of the week . 
  reddit isnt blocked in china, 
  a pretty bad wakeup call that the majority of my countrymen who voted do not share the same opinion as me . 
  hello , i think the japanese approach is too strigent and the ` alien card ' is borderline dehumanising . 
  i do think we should make it harder to come here but we rely on immigration to fill gaps and fund universities . 
  the biggest issues i have with the european approach is the lax punishments for foreigners . 
  deporting people is a joke , they can walk freely until their deportation date ( most disappear ) and the databases arent properly maintained or shared across countries . 
  the japanese approach is too limited , the alien cards need to go and discrimination against people renting or going to certain restaurants is bad . 
  if japan has an issue with people not paying their rent they should take a deposit worth 3 months of rent and then collect rent on a regular basis . 
  renting as a foreigner in japan is extremely difficult . 
  i do n't know anyone who listens to it . 
  not much from japan gets popular here . 
  man with a mission almost made it i think . 
  [ salisbury cathedral ] ( http://i.imgur.com/vfqptwu.jpg ) would probably my favourite spot in town . 
  i live in a village and dont go there very often though !, 
  so far i 've eaten a [ cornish pasty ] ( http://i.imgur.com/prcj6zr.jpg ) with a couple of [ cheese and bacon rolls ] ( http://i.imgur.com/i25hq0q.jpg ) . 
  well last time spain , latin america , israel & arab me countries supported argentina . 
  http://www.dw.com/en/police-arrest-man-suspected-of-attack-on-dortmund-soccer-teams-bus-media-report/a-38527279 the dortmund attack was a dual russian-german national trying to short dortmund stocks, 
  like who ? 
  [ emmanuel macron ] ( http://i.imgur.com/sp8zeyk.png ) based off his cnn description he seems to align well with my views . 
  eu needs reform , external borders need to be enforced by the combined might of the eu , freedom & democracy are the things for access to the free market . 
   leader of france 's en marche party and centrist presidential candidate . 
  he 's never been elected to any office and is standing without the backing of any of france 's main parties . 
  the pro-european politician , who has worked as france 's economy minister , is pushing for reform of the euro and a major overhaul of the european trade bloc, 
  imagine when they sync up for their monthlies . 
  trapped in an appartment with them ... 
  yes , a tragic armed robbery gone wrong with 2 dead 1 injured in a shooting . 
  this would never happen in america of course . 
  http://i.imgur.com/y5zlcs8.png you do n't seem that tolerant . 
  1 police officer dead 1 injured and the shooter is dead . 
  dont you guys have these sort of shootings on a weekly basis ? 
  germany ? 
  edit : nvm , china, 
  i guess that makes sense as the second number is always higher . 
  what does the second number mean ? 
  gabriel is 50 ( 58 ) and seehofer is 45 ( 71 ) . 
  peace for 7 decades ??? 
  lol so sri lanka never happened ? 
  what about vietnam or indonesia with their rivers of blood & invasion of east timor ? 
  why do n't we ask cambodians about this 7 decades of peace as well ? 
   but that tragedy of a commentary on the refugee crisis made me really wary of his show . 
  that is what put me off him . 
  it completely ignored or mocked one side 's arguments . 
  isnt that what the uk government is thinking of doing ? 
  no , it reads like it was gang related . 
  wouldnt surprise me if they were fighting over drug distribution for the club & area . 
  it is hackney after all . 
  http://www.statewatch.org/news/2011/aug/eu-hasc-turkey-jha-report.pdf page 40 of the pdf says half are . 
  http://www.statewatch.org/news/2011/aug/eu-hasc-turkey-jha-report.pdf page 38 :  current levels of migration from turkey to the eu there are 2.481 million turkish passport holders in the eu , 146,000 of whom are refugees . 
   in terms of their destination , dr d\u00fcvell told us that : the overwhelming majority of all the turks in the eu live in germany ; significant numbers in switzerland , austria and the netherlands , also in france . 
  the uk is one of the least popular destinations among turkish migrants . 
  half of the turkish migrants in the uk originate from cyprus , so there is a colonial cypriot link . 
  some of them have mixed marriages , greek-turkish , so it is very difficult . 
  half of the people in the uk you talk about are actually the cypriots . 
   according to the home office , there are approximately 150,000 turkish nationals in the uk at present , of a total of about 500,000 people of turkish origin in the uk . 
   of the 178,000 turkish nationals given leave to enter the uk in 2009 , some 66,300 were returnees after temporary absence abroad , 64,700 were visitors , 28,300 were business visitors , 9,755 were tier 4 students plus dependents , 1,145 came for employment and 945 for family purposes . 
   turkish asylum applications dropped from 3,990 in 2000 to 185 in 2009 . 
  in 2009 , 985 enforcement actions ( removals and voluntary returns ) were initiated , 40 % of which related to asylum cases . 
   dr d\u00fcvell said : if we look at the current level of migration in particular from turkey to the uk , student migration , family reunification , it is very , very low . 
  i just ca n't see much of a network effect , which seems plausible to assume ; but it does n't seem to happen so far . 
   according to dr d\u00fcvell , long -- term emigration from turkey to the european union has dropped `` significantly '' to `` probably below 50,000 every year '' . 
   furthermore , there has been negative migration from germany to turkey over the past four years in the region of 7,000 or 8,000 per year . 
  this is probably linked to the economic downturn in europe , but dr d\u00fcvell was `` confident '' that the trend was set to continue , given the opportunities in the turkish labour market for both regular and irregular migrants , in particular for the highly skilled . 
  note this is from 2011 and is uk government report ( home affairs ) . 
  the formatting is double space which looks a bit horrible sorry . 
  uk turks are mostly turkish cypriots and not from mainland turkey . 
  do a swap , liberal turks in turkey for backward , illiberal turks in europe . 
  erdogan gets what he wants , liberal turks get out and europe benefits . 
  we are watching the creation of a dictatorship in europe and there is not a damn thing we can do about it . 
  as zereddd said , they will continue to come . 
  we should deport them not leave them penniless . 
  pretty much . 
  they dont get into the uk or ireland all that much , and stay out of the poorer countries but you see them a lot around touristy areas either living rough , pickpocketing or selling junk . 
  [ some get picked up by gangs in italy and get worked like slaves in tomato farms . 
  ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/us-italy-immigrants-tomatoes-idustre58r1tw20090928 ), 
  wont be your house getting burglarised . 
  no but she can give a good walloping . 
  one of those applicants is my nan lol . 
  1st of august celebrations . 
  ewigkeitssonntag comes close but i think only half the cantons recognise it . 
  those exclaves look so ugly , but chablais and faucigny in switzerland oh oui !, 
  thats pretty crazy , i would 've thought they had strigent rules on the age to buy booze . 
  i read that it 's 18 right now , is that not enforced ? 
  sort of piggybacking to link to a [ newsweek article from yesterday about this change too ] ( http://www.newsweek.com/kazakhstan-alphabet-cyrillic-russian-language-583099 ) and the implications it may have on the country . 
  it is possible that kazakhstan changes their name to qazaqstan . 
  this would also change the number of languages using latin based alphabet to 132 . 
  what happens on september 1st there ? 
  if you 're lucky you can fit both the washing machine and the dishwasher in the kitchen . 
  otherwise , no dishwasher . 
  they framed the poll somewhat better there . 
  [ this france2 poll ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ejncpph.jpg ) was doing the rounds last week . 
  yes , they are all scum . 
  what if pigs can fly ?
