  how long does it take to get from riga to tallinn ? 
  do they run express trains ? 
  rope is a better alternative as you can reuse it . 
  do you have a source for that claim ? 
  if police come round to ask some questions ( say there 's been a crime in your neighbourhood ) just answer their questions , be cordial . 
  if interviewed at home offer them a cup of tea . 
  in the street just do n't waste their time . 
  if you do n't know do n't make stuff up just tell them that you do n't know . 
  if you 've been arrested shut up until your lawyer gets there . 
  [ he can yes . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vblgg5ugekw ), 
  only the somaliland conquest has any troop sizes . 
  24,000 italians vs 5,000 british ( outnumbered almost 5:1 ) . 
  linked you operation compass because british troops numbered 36,000 and italy had 150,000 soldiers . 
  first i 've heard of it . 
  every time that the obvious flaws of the eu are in the spotlight all they can do is say ` we need more eu to fix the eu ! ', 
   `` we started doing this with financial stability , including the banking union , to avoid further crises . 
  we could do it with a batter management of our common borders . 
  to go deeper into schengen , not to scrap schengen . 
  and to make schengen work . 
  this requires a common , a community management of the borders . 
  and also shared sovereignty . '', 
  yeah , that landswap on the belgium/netherlands thing was a rare occurrence . 
  you are never going to convince countries and their populace in the schengen area ( including non eu nations such as switzerland & norway ) to give up their sovereignty to brussels . 
   barnier argued that if europe wants to be `` something more than a supermarket '' and be equal to the world 's big powers , it should have `` the attributes of influence '' , which he said is the economy , the single currency , a foreign policy and a defence . 
  so forcing all eu countries to go to the euro , removing the abilities for countries to make foreign decisions of their own ( such as the uk defending the falklands ? ), 
  and an eu-wide joint army . 
  most people are n't willing to die for the eu and the closest we see to an eu type army are u.n. peacekeepers and they 're useless . 
  holding a golf club against the body during the swing is no longer allowed in the uk . 
  i 'd peg this as worst because it 's moronic . 
  he is suspended only . 
  if he 's innocent he could return to his post . 
  well if they 're a threat to france why does n't france deport them ? 
   in 2007 , france 's then immigration minister promised never to open another sangatte . 
  `` i shall say this straight away , we did not shut down sangatte only to reopen it in another form , even a watered down one , '' eric besson said , adding that rebuilding a permanent facility would only attract thousands more to the northern coastal town . 
  `` such a centre would immediately be submerged . 
  it would not be a solution to the humanitarian problem . 
  it would be an extra humanitarian problem , '' he said . 
  and they think it wo n't attract people now because ... ? 
  unless they keep them locked up ( and maybe process/deport them ??? ), 
  it 'll just be french government feeding & housing them until they sneak onto a lorry headed to britain . 
  i listened to auld lang syne , land of hope and glory , god save the queen last night . 
  usually the same every year . 
  that was beautiful . 
  he has a great voice and amazing courage . 
  they do n't . 
  i lived in melbourne australia from 2007-early 2015 and there are british people everywhere . 
  several mates i made over in oz are working in london now . 
  it 's not overly difficult to get from uk to aus , and aus/nz are pretty much open travel with loads of kiwis working in aus . 
  not sure about canada though . 
  august/september 2016 . 
  2017 is election year in france and germany . 
  banks have laid off thousands of people and we 're still in the eu . 
  they do n't give a damn about their workers . 
  this is all levels of immigration btw . 
  over 600 ' 000 people immigrated to the uk in 2015 . 
  yet another case of moderate parents move to the uk , kids become radicalised lunatics and parents do n't understand why . 
  hopefully they can find when and where his habits changed and how he became radicalised . 
  eh , just beg china . 
  it 's what the us does . 
  i did my schooling in switzerland ( canton de vaud , french side ) and was taught french as main language in grade 1 onwards , german in grade 3 onwards , english in grade 7 onwards and italian in grade 9 . 
  the italian class was optional and i honestly ca n't remember much of it , neither did most people take it . 
  i doubt many swiss french speakers are fluent in italian . 
  the german we learn in french switzerland is german german and not swiss german so even then there were difficulties understanding people in bern . 
  however not sure if understanding swiss german and german german qualifies as 2 languages , i do n't think it it should . 
  i would say most swiss people can speak 1 language fluently , a second language almost fluently ( english/german/french depending on region ) and a third one ( english/german/french ) well . 
  i suppose if you add in the large amount of foreigners the third foreign language comes in easily . 
  i 'm english born so can only speak english/french/german fluently but a number of my swiss friends can speak arabic , mandarin or spanish as well . 
  jersey will be dark blue in 2017 as they voted in favour of same sex marriage 37 to 4 on september 22nd 2015 . 
  they are the light blue dot closest to france . 
  that we do n't ask personal questions here . 
  if someone asks you how you are you say ` good ' or ` not so bad ' . 
  we do n't want to know about your ills as that 's considered nosy . 
  so the cease-fire is between assad and rebel syrian groups only and russia will continue to bomb third parties . 
  seems logical to me given the ground the syrian army has recovered with the help of russian strikes . 
  i do n't think current albania fits the union but then again i do n't think romania fits it either and they still got in despite glaring faults . 
  corruption , mismanagement and pollution are still big issues in balkan nation with most serb cities being polluted beyond maximum levels for eu . 
  but if a country like romania with corruption , poverty , discrimination against minorities and awful environmental records ( 99 % of waste goes to landfill ) can join the eu anything is possible . 
  belarus wo n't be a dictatorship in 30 years , it 's easing off already . 
  moldova is romania in all but name . 
  turkey as it currently stands probably wo n't exist in 30 years . 
  if they can shed the kurd lands and sort out the cyprus debacle they 'd probably be more likely to join the eu . 
  54 non-eu countries already have visa-free access to the schengen area , 55 soon when turkey gets it soon . 
  let 's be real though , if people from belarus , ukraine , georgia and armenia want to get into the eu and work illegally they can do so reasonably easily . 
  i saw an episode of border patrol on tv recently where a belorussian woman with a stolen lithuanian passport was caught working here after spending several years in the uk already . 
  with an already large number of ukrainians in poland what 's to stop them going across the rest of schengen ? 
  there 's no excuse really . 
  if you 're a smoker just carry about a pocket ashtray . 
  i can fit at least half a dozen in mine and it cost me next to nothing . 
   natacha bouchart calls on uk to take in more migrants not happening love . 
  they 're in france . 
  round 'em up , fingerprint 'em , get an iris scan and fast track their asylum claims in france . 
  keep them under lock at a centre until their application is complete . 
  they do n't meet the standards for asylum ? 
  passing the buck stops there . 
  we 're not in schengen and we have border controls . 
  they are on your soil , in your town . 
  oh and keep your promise ,  natacha bouchart made the promise to resign from the upper house senate after the latest mass attempt by migrants to reach britain saw hundreds of refugees attempt to storm the eurotunnel terminal on christmas day . 
  their france what ? 
  an immigrant prone area with higher than normal unemployment and lower opportunities .
