  except getting married apparently . 
  here if the wrong bus is about to stop you face away from them, 
  fairly sure the uk is the most corrupt nation in the world . 
  some mobster trying to sell his book made headlines saying that not long ago . 
  [ not anymore ( at least for the uk ) ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-32411352 )  last year , 87 % of eritreans who applied for asylum in the uk were given the right to stay . 
   but new home office guidance released in march suggests only those who have been politically active in their opposition to the eritrean government are likely to be at risk of harm for leaving eritrea illegally if they go back to the country . 
  [ well ... you always know how to leave . 
   it follows a computer glitch which left some people unable to sign up before the original midnight tuesday deadline . 
   123,000 were french -- of whom 102,250 escaped in british ships, 
  who did we abandon ? 
  one third of dutch people thought the migrant crisis is being handled well ? 
  what the hell ? 
  raspberry , preferably movenpick !, 
  yeah it came across as if they had a game of whack-a-mole with individual rebellions . 
  the irish should 've struck during the english civil war as a unified force for a decent chance at freedom and it would 've avoided the disgusting starvation that occured later on . 
  the cute irish resistance in the 1500s . 
   still , you had to be buzzed in and every time someone was about to leave the guard popped his head out the door to see if the coast was clear . 
  that sounds horrible . 
  3 eu countries are missing on the graph . 
  luxembourg , malta and ireland did n't submit their data ? 
   last weekend 20 people , mostly albanians , were rescued in the channel off kent after their inflatable boats ran into trouble , sparking fears people smugglers may be turning to tactics more often seen in the eastern mediterranean to get migrants into the uk . 
  last month , 17 albanian migrants were picked up in chichester marina in west sussex , having crossed the channel in a catamaran . 
  no safe country between the uk and albania . 
  edit : probably gun or drug smuggling . 
  hi caroline , the national career service is currently funded by the european union to help british people find work . 
  what do you think the government and the e.u. 
  could do to further aid lower unemployment ? 
  do n't know too much about what makes a ` slav ' . 
  i know russians , belorussians , ukrainians , poles , czechs , slovaks , croats , serbs and montenegrins are considered ` slavic ' . 
  are lithuanians ? 
  georgians ? 
  latvians ? 
  bulgarians ? 
  ( fyro ) macedonians ? 
  i do n't think albanians or bosnians are , and i think estonians are more like finns & romanians more like italians . 
  all i can say is that for most people here you 're seen as a normal white person if you 're slavic . 
  http://www.danasoft.com/vipersig.jpg usually use this when im using a public computer to figure out my isp . 
  putlocker is blocked on virgin media :(, 
  because we do n't have an infinite amount of space and 500 ' 000 people showing up every year right now is difficult enough to handle . 
  ` lets build over our fields and forests so we can accommodate foreigners ' said no successful politician ever . 
  young thais were drunk . 
  they decided to just go assault the first tourists they saw . 
  because even in individual eu countries there are deep divides so if flanders votes en-masse for federalisation and wallonia does n't but wallonia is outvoted how will they feel ? 
  belgium , spain , germany , italy & the uk have strong regional identities within the countries with different parts wanting different things . 
  with the exception of the uk ( scotland/wales/ni vs england ) , none of the differing parts could be seen as small enough to ignore on such a fundamental decision . 
  when i read stuff like [ this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/bulgaria/comments/4lx5k3/why_am_i_constantly_being_shortchanged/ ) it does n't really entice me to go to bulgaria . 
  i want to visit but eh , would have to go with native bulgarians to not be conned . 
  so glad to see the midlands in the uk being that light a shade . 
  black country used to very polluted . 
  a car on fire in the background would do the trick . 
  no but if you 're carrying it around outside i think you should wrap it with something to protect it from bugs , wind , rain etc. 
   whose national dish is this ? 
  the fuck i know , there is bacon , so denmark . 
  yes !, 
  my train of thought as well lol . 
  you scored 19 out of 28, 
  he could 've wrapped them up instead of carrying them with his bare hands ... 
  they can deal with many things at once . 
  this is important , though perhaps not to you , but to those whose families were devastated and those who seek to ensure countries own up for their recent failures . 
  agreed , his antics with co-stars just felt weird as well . 
   it turns out britain 's perceptions of corruption , which are based on the ngo transparency internationals global corruption perceptions index only measure perceived corruption based upon the abuse of public office for private gain , i.e. 
  the payment of bribes . 
  when you change the meaning of corruption you can make it fit that meaning but that 's not how transparency internationals global corruption perceptions index measures it . 
   the british public think they are detached from the mafia problem and corruption , yet london is the drug money laundering capital of the world , and 90 per cent of drug cash ends up in the us and europe via london . 
  how is that corruption though ? 
  london is a wretched hive of scum and villainy no doubt but it 's not like you can just bribe people . 
  only corporations can buy politicians here . 
   fact is no one here really understands what europe does europe is a continent , it does nothing but exist there . 
  we 're not leaving europe . 
  there 's a difference between eu and europe & there 's a difference between eec and eu . 
   are you people that selfish you ca n't lower your high living standards a little so others could also benefit from it ? 
  yes , now go away . 
  complete fecking joke especially if you fly in to gen\u00e8ve and hire a car at the airport ... 
  australia , uk & germany ... men from pakistan have a problem with their urges and respecting women ... 
  they are over-represented in uk jails for sexual offences . 
  hopefully they 're all deported to islamabad by the end of the year . 
  germany should keep a closer eye on them as well . 
  so does lithuania . 
  only country that has never said no . 
   chad : the aboubakar family of breidjing camp food expenditure for one month : 685 chad francs ( usd $ 1.16 ) favourite foods : soup with fresh sheep meat they spend usd $ 1.16 to feed a family of 6 for one month ... 
   [ @rcolvile hi robert , these were n't put up by @vote_leave -- we do n't know who 's done them , but hope they 'll take them down ] ( https://twitter.com/vote_leave/status/736715335714365441 ), 
   above all , at a particularly troubled time in europe , i have come to believe in the importance of the eu as a protector of liberal values and a promoter of international co-operation . 
  in that sense , i suppose , my view of europe has become a little less british and pragmatic - and a little more german . 
  turkey , armenia , azerbaijan , russia and israel full fledged eu and schengen members ... ? 
  estonia has the best digital public services which is of no surprise as you can start up businesses etc. 
  online rapidly and easily . 
  i wish we could do some of the things estonia does with the net . 
  however it seems businesses and schools do n't really use digital technologies ? 
  do n't you make your kids stare at tablets and pcs from age 5 onward in school ? 
  tsk tsk tsk . 
  it will not happen . 
  you make more money being unemployed in the united kingdom than you do by working a regular job in romania or bulgaria . 
  if our economic systems become one as we unify , the british will become poorer overnight . 
  and there 's what , 3x as many people in the uk than bulgaria and romania combined ? 
  now let 's move onto things like lgbt rights . 
  east european countries give them the bare minimum they can get away with . 
  finland has conscription , what would happen afterwards ? 
  and to their gun laws ? 
  i see that unique army thing and notice it includes british and french nuclear missiles in it . 
  would we be expected to share them with the other countries ?
