  i 've already received two pro-eu leaflets in the mail , having the government use public money to give me yet another leaflet wo n't convince me to vote to stay . 
  the second one benefits selfish people who do n't want to invest in the services their society needs . 
  like those childless couples who want to pay less tax because they are n't sending kids to school . 
  but we are n't talking about muslims of the west . 
  the muslims of the west who joined isis are dwarved in numbers by the amount of isis fighters from the arab world nations . 
  tunisia and morocco combined contributed more foreign fighters than europe . 
   however , concern is mounting across the region as a chronic lack of jobs and opportunities were cited as the principal factor feeding terrorist recruitment . 
  in eight of the 16 countries surveyed , employment problems were a bigger pull factor for isis than extreme religious views . 
  yes . 
  many rebels switched to isis due to better pay after isis secured the oil lines . 
  the issues with the middle east are fairly complicated . 
  - sexuality and any discussion of it is taboo . 
  - most arab nations export little other than oil . 
  - most arab nations have doubled or tripled their population in the past 40 years . 
  the two arab friends from the region i am friends with see little hope for their future . 
  one works at a petrol station refueling cars for people who refuse to do so themselves , and the other one sits around smoking weed . 
  neither view their religion as overly important but they are not comfortable with their sexuality ( even hugging is only okay with close family members ) . 
  a big turn around for asia was getting many people into work and offering a scale of jobs , the better jobs only reachable by a good education . 
  with no pensions to speak of , asian parents focus on having 1 ( or 2 ) children and educating them to their best of their ability whilst pushing them hard . 
  better educated children means a better retirement for their parents . 
  with neither the social safety net of europe , nor the manufacturing and export base of asia , the middle east youth feel screwed . 
  every friday . 
  mafia who traffic organs ? 
  uk & switzerland i know first hand . 
  swiss government response to heroin is miles ahead of that from britain . 
  look at the date she posted these tweets on . 
  why the hell is she a councillor at age 20 ? 
  her anti-semitic tweets span from 2011-2014 so the excuse that her sister used her account is a load of rubbish . 
  she should be sacked . 
  what a load of crap . 
  we wo n't expel any eu workers already in the uk should we vote for a brexit . 
  i do n't see the relevance . 
  we 've done bad in africa and asia , yes . 
  however , turkey has done bad to multiple current eu members ( greece , bulgaria & cyprus ) and supports the illegal occupation of half of a current eu member . 
  the only eu member the uk has a minor issue with is spain over gibraltar but it 's not even comparable to the greek genocide etc. 
  30-40 years is generous . 
  considering multiple nations are still angry at turkey for their atrocities they committed 100 years ago and the direction in which turkey is headed , i 'd give it much longer . 
  greece does n't have much going for it besides their history from thousands of years ago which brings in tourism . 
  * helped lithuanian military . 
  * able to speak lithuanian . 
  * has a family . 
  * he was a catholic ... in afghanistan . 
  * had genuine fear for his life . 
  * requested to go to a country where he knows the social benefits are lower . 
  seems like a good catch to me , doubt he 'll be trouble for lithuania . 
  * austria - red bull * belgium - gillet * bulgaria - black sea studios ( technically bought by crytek ) * croatia - ( ( dont know ) ) * republic of cyprus - ( ( no idea sorry ) ) * czech republic - pilsner * denmark - lego * estonia - skype * finland - nokia * france - renault * germany - mercedes * greece - ( ( dunno , sorry ) ) * hungary - ( ( no clue ) ) * ireland - guinness * italy - ferrari * latvia ( ( no idea ) ) * lithuania - ( ( no idea ) ) * luxembourg - ( ( no idea , sorry ! ) ), 
  * malta - ( ( honestly no idea , sorry ! ) ), 
  * netherlands - heineken * poland - lech beer ? 
  * portugal - ( ( honestly no idea , sorry ! ) ), 
  * romania - dacia * slovakia - ( ( honestly no idea , sorry ! ) ), 
  * slovenia - elan * spain - chupa chups * sweden - ikea * united kingdom - bbc, 
  i 'm fluent in french so that opens me up to the french and belgian job markets but their unemployment is higher and minimum wage is lower . 
  as i 'm neither french nor belgian i would n't be able to vote either . 
  you mentioned they share intelligence to catch criminals and terrorists in the eu but recent articles said we do n't actually do this . 
  you mentioned emergency medical care but fail to mention that the nhs is struggling to pay for all the newcomers to the uk from the eu who are eligible for more than emergency care from us . 
  you also never mention the quarter of a million net migrants who arrive from the eu every year . 
  every 5 years we gain an eu migrant population the size of our second biggest city . 
  also omitted is how much funding we give the eu . 
  edit : last two points are sort of covered in your leave video . 
  the fact that a maltese vote is worth the same as 14 british votes pisses me off . 
  what 's the age of consent in malta ? 
  i ca n't work out what colour that is . 
  they can protest where they want . 
  muslim neighbourhoods should n't even be a thing in eu nations as it is . 
  to me being british is about conforming to some of the stereotypes we have . 
  the overuse of the word sorry , taking the piss out of yourself and all the other small and quirky mannerisms we pick up . 
  you should also identify as british first when asked though english , scottish and welsh are acceptable in some circumstances . 
  i would say we differ to other countries neighbouring us by whinging about them and bringing up our former glories in irrelevant situations . 
  what makes me proud to be british is that in spite of our many failings we are a generous and welcoming nation . 
  also i think it 's kinda cool how many countries we have history with . 
  despite being from a small collection of islands we made our way almost everywhere throughout the centuries . 
  i hope zac goldsmith wipes the floor with this racist antisemite . 
  maybe khan can explain how replacing experienced staff with lesser qualified people of a different skin colour will improve the london transport system ? 
  the seeds for it were likely sown following the mass migration to the uk from the new eu countries with the 2004 enlargement . 
  the uk absorbed over a million people in a year . 
  the country seemed to be getting by until the financial crisis hit the uk and europe in 2007 & 2008 . 
  this was of course the same time that romania and bulgaria ( the two poorest eu nations gdp/capita wise ) joined the union . 
  this gave fuel for fearmongering in the press . 
  3 gripes i 've found people have about the eu here : 1 ) the migration to the uk outweighs that of to the new ( 2004-2013 ) eu countries . 
  2 ) the uk pays more than it gets back and none of the new ( 2004-2013 ) do the same . 
  3 ) eu law overriding uk law . 
  people being dictated to by a foreign power . 
  i wo n't go into it in much detail as this is obvious in all the anti-eu papers . 
  the idea of a referendum has been floated around since 2008 i believe . 
  sure / fooled / me !, 
  that 's net growth since there were 1 million polish people who came when they got freedom of movement . 
  ah well . 
  i would rather they be from the eu than asia . 
  most of these probably left during the millionaire tax . 
  farage is not far right . 
  no but russia and the us should decommission many of their old arsenal . 
  pakistan should be stripped of nukes ( sold designs to n. korea , offered nukes to s. arabia last year and is a hotbed for islamic terrorism ), 
  something like 5 % of lithuanians live in the uk . 
  you are more likely to die visiting the caribbean or south america than europe . 
  heck even the us . 
  more people will die to shootings in the us this month than people in europe have died from terrorism since 2001 . 
  really ? 
  they hold marches here , burn poppies and openly insult the nation . 
  no arrests . 
  [ soprano - barman ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t62johnen3i ),
