  ah well . 
  going back to sleep and hopefully when i wake up it was all a bad dream . 
  every vote matters here . 
  in rural and outback australia ? 
  the abc maybe , but they 're television . 
  i expect bournemouth , christchurch and new forest to be as high as southampton judging off the amount of leave stuff around here . 
  no , we did get some things pledged such as the right to restrict benefits to eu migrants for 4 years . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/gibraltar_sovereignty_referendum,_1967#results it 's not unprecedented . 
  looking forward to seeing my area pop up . 
  i 'm 100 % sure ` leave ' will have more votes in the area but by how much is the question . 
  thanks for the link . 
   and significance on the world stage they suddenly got i 'm sorry , suddenly ? 
  nope he bought them up or pushed them out of business . 
  in many rural australian towns he owned all the newspapers . 
  most old people do n't know how to use the internet and rely on these rags for news . 
  that 's only really useful if they 're fighting dutch people though . 
  russia is a federation . 
  the western states of russia could one day be independent . 
  i would n't use the word ` never ' . 
  reasons i can see for not wanting turkey in the eu . 
  * high population means many meps , can cause an upset . 
  * gdp per capita half that of the eu . 
  * borders two highly volatile countries . 
  * occupies cyprus . 
  * is geographically mainly located in asia . 
  * appears to be regressing towards religious conservatism . 
  * has low tertiary education rates . 
  the people of europe on the * whole * do not dislike turks . 
  there are millions of turks in europe already and they do not share the same disdain given for moroccan , algerian and pakistanis who are also muslim . 
  i could see turkey in the eea/efta but the population of the country will cause too big a change in the parliament and will visibly shift things one way or another . 
  turkey should work on attaining the acquis goals anyway since this will help them . 
  saw the independent for sale this morning at my local cooperative with the same cover so nope . 
  i thought they were online only as well . 
  do n't buy the sun , let them go broke . 
  some people think building tons of houses and concreting our greenbelt to make room for foreigners is stupid . 
  doubly so when we 're sending so much money for infrastructure projects in their countries . 
  probably knew before asking . 
  yet another smashing hit from the independent . 
  gove is saying that experts can be paid by governments to tell lies and disprove other points and that we should keep an open mind and question people , their theories & their backing . 
  the example he pointed to ( einstein and 1930s ) could 've been substituted for something else . 
  ctrl + f the word ` nazi ' and see if it ever pops up in quotes by gove in this article . 
  it does n't . 
  why do you object to the use of the word ` fishermen ' and what gender-neutral word would you suggest in it 's place ? 
  it is on the 23rd . 
  28 % of leave voters said so , as did 16 % of remain . 
  the questions asked : * ` the bbc & itn are not commissioning an exit poll in order to allow the vote to be fixed without anyone telling ' . 
  * ` there are plans for further eu integration and enlargement that the eu are deliberately not announcing till after the referendum . ', 
  * ` mi5 is working with the uk government to try and stop britain leaving the eu . ', 
  * ` it is likely the eu referendum will be rigged . ', 
  i was going along the lines of fear of drowning in a flood but since i can never find a damn saltshaker at a bbq i think you may be on to something . 
  why the heck would someone fill their belt with salt ? 
  i remember that petition . 
  it made headlines in some newspapers . 
  at the time i was living in australia but i signed it a dozen times for fun . 
  turks do n't like anyone but themselves . 
  mmmhm , now they have to buy parts to update their planes from say ... 
  i do n't know ... france ? 
  this was posted last year . 
  great to hear that everything went well . 
  there 's always a minority who heckle and hurl insults but so long as there 's no violence and no need for a police cordon it shows progress has been made into accepting that some people are gay and proud of it . 
  no they suspect over 100 men involved . 
  these are the only ones they could get a sentence on . 
  no need to go that far , argentina will do just fine . 
  you think migrants would go to an independent scotland over the current scotland ? 
  its not as if william the conqueror slayed every person in britain anyway , but here 's a black man found enterred in the uk from the 1200s . 
  http://www.bbc.co.uk/pressoffice/pressreleases/stories/2010/05_may/02/history.shtml  they discover that the man was born as a muslim in 13th-century tunisia ; and taken back to england during the 9th crusade , converting to christianity before living in the uk for over 10 years . 
  * hedar ali , 36 , of bradford , was jailed for 25 years after being found guilty of two counts of rape and two counts of trafficking for sexual exploitation . 
  * haider ali , 41 , of halifax , sentenced to 20 years in prison after he was found guilty of sexual activity with a child and causing a person to engage in sexual activity . 
  * khalid zaman , 38 , of bradford , jailed for 17-and-a-half years after being convicted of two counts of rape and supplying class b drugs . 
  he denied all the charges . 
  * mohammed ramzan , 35 , of bradford , jailed for 15 years after being found guilty of rape . 
  * haaris ahmed , 32 , of halifax , sentenced to 12-and-a-half years in prison after he was found guilty of two counts of sexual activity with a child and with the supply of class b drugs . 
  * tahir mahmood , 43 , of halifax , jailed for 11 years after being found guilty of two counts of sexual activity with a child and sexual assault . 
  * taukeer butt , 31 , of halifax , jailed for 10 years after he was found guilty of four counts of sexual activity with a child . 
  * amaar ali ditta , 27 , of halifax , sentenced to nine years in prison after being found guilty of two counts of sexual activity with a child . 
  * azeem subhani , 25 , of halifax , jailed for nine years after being found guilty of two counts of sexual activity with a child . 
  * talib saddiq , 31 , of halifax , jailed for eight years after he was found guilty of two counts of sexual activity with a child . 
  * sikander malik , 31 , of halifax , jailed for seven years after being found guilty of sexual activity with a child . 
  * mohammed ali ahmed , 43 , of halifax , jailed for six-and-a-half years after being found guilty of one count of sexual activity with a child . 
  * aftab hussain , 37 , of halifax , jailed for six years after pleading guilty to two charges of sexual activity with a child last september . 
  * mansoor akhtar , 25 , of huddersfield , was found guilty of one count of sexual activity with a child but admitted to supplying class b drugs . 
  he was jailed for six years . 
  * sikander ishaq , 31 , of halifax , sentenced to six years in prison after being found guilty of one count of sexual activity with a child . 
  * fasil mahmood , 37 , of halifax , was jailed for 10 months after he was found guilty of supplying class b drugs . 
  * farquaan gafar , 31 , of derby , admitted to one count of sexual touching and is due to be sentenced at a later date . 
  why did some only get 6-10 years ? 
  population of scotland in 2001 was 5,062,000 , in 2011 it was 5,295,000 . 
  population of england in 2001 was 49,138,831 , in 2011 it was 53,012,456 . 
  from 1991 to 2001 england had only increased from 48,197,672 to 49,138,831 . 
  england increased in population by almost the entire size of that of scotland between 2001 and 2011 . 
  immigration plays a huge part in the population increase and the english do n't like it but it does n't seem to bother scotland as their population has wavered around 5 million for 50 odd years . 
  tired of this woman constantly calling for referendum . 
  we 've had black people in the uk for almost 1000 years so he could very well be descended from 1 of them . 
  i did not know that cyprus was not in schengen . 
  why not ? 
  aye it just frustrated me on the guardian because any comment pro what the author wrote got a guardian mention or got to stay despite having at best 5 upvotes . 
  i do n't remember the article that pushed me to the leave the guardian i just remember 3 + pages of deleted comments . 
  the moderators were deleting any comment that did n't agree with the article , no matter how neutral and critical it was . 
  as for the turkish thing i think it was because i said an attack on military was not a terrorist attack but an act of civil war . 
  they do this themselves .
