russian federation splits into smaller regions . 
  west russian areas join eu while later . 
  how they can give visa-free travel to a country some members of the eu do n't recognise and whose citizens claim asylum so frequently i do n't know . 
  hopefully kosovo fixes a few of their issues but i have a feeling the troublesome people there will just become someone else 's ( germany ? ), 
  problems . 
  like bangladesh gives a damn about what the eu thinks . 
  i do n't see why they could n't do this to be honest if an art expo disgusts you then simply do n't go and do n't pay them any money . 
  they know that by doing this they will get publicity and more visitors . 
  georgia yes , ukraine yes , kosovo no ( seriously they claim asylum so much ) , turkey no , ( they 'd overstay ), 
  dang , brexit already happened ? 
   yes because you guys are our bitches . 
  still no thank you ? 
  we saved your asses in wwi and wwii . 
  3rd times the charm ? 
  spare us the bullshit . 
  that 's where i live , hurrah fordingbridge !, 
   there are a lot of forests here by the way , just not directly on the road leading to sandy balls . 
  why the hell are they sharing whether someone had an abortion ? 
  wtf ??? 
  it 's a devastating and humiliating experience as it is . 
  leftover guns from the balkans are what terrorists purchase on the blackmarket in western eu countries . 
  there are a lot of arms in serbia . 
  from the translated article linked by silverville , these are points they raised :  `` even those who have jobs in albania have income seven times less than britain 's . 
  in serbia , the fifth of this , '' says gove . '', 
   gove said the new regulations on minimum wages for workers in the uk , therefore , represent the `` overwhelming call for immigrants '' . 
   gove , a member of the conservative party david cameron , recalled the words of interior minister theresa may , who said that the extension of the wrong policy of the eu and the new members brings serious security problems . 
  as he said , it has to do with the bloody disintegration of yugoslavia [ the uk is raising the minimum wage over the next 4 years to 9.00 gbp ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/united-kingdom/minimum-wages/forecast ) google tells me the current minimum wage of albania is 22000 lek for 174 hours of work ( so 126.43 lek/hour ) which translates to 0.71 gbp/hr . 
  hourly minimum wage of serbia is 121 serbian dinars ( again according to google ) . 
  this translates to 0.77 gbp/hr . 
  loose gun laws , russian friendly populace , poor , kosovo enclave , problems with all their neighbours , corrupt . 
  just off the top of my head . 
   according to official figures , the number of arrivals from germany declined 17 percent in march compared to the same month of 2015 . 
  meanwhile , the number of japanese tourists dropped by 48 percent in the same period . 
  did n't expect the japanese drop to be so sharp . 
  i wonder where they 're going instead . 
  do they hate italy ? 
  if you want to go fight in the pacific why the hell should europe care ? 
  we 're at the other side of the globe . 
  sweden as # 2 ? 
  really ? 
  their press is heavily censored . 
  in my area if someone catches you leaving the mess your dog created behind it 's a # 1000 fine . 
  i think community service type punishment works better than pure monetary fines as it 's easier for people without disposable income and people who enforce the rule do n't attempt to fill ` quotas ' . 
  this was mainly john kerry not obama . 
  england ( and the whole uk ) is still very white . 
  might be for your username ? 
  looks pretty neat . 
  here 's it 's just cloudy and dull . 
  you can petition or try and get it changed in your party . 
   since regular broadcasting from parliament began in 1989 footage has only been provided to broadcasters on the condition that it is not used in satirical programmes . 
   `` it depends whether it 's satire , light entertainment , or factual . 
  given how vague these boundaries are and the fact that these rules were dreamed up some 27 years ago would he agree with me it 's a good juncture to revisit this and give a statement ? ''  mr grayling , who sits in the cabinet and represents the government on issues to do with the house of commons , said he would not be in favour of lifting the ban on satire . 
  it 's been in place since 1989 and as far as i 'm aware it 's more a case of you ca n't take footage from the house of commons and broadcast a satirical spin on it on tv . 
  you can still quote anyone from the house of commons and insult them ( though slander/libel laws may apply ) . 
  i can call david cameron a hamfisted pigfucker and i can call teresa may a lying , manipulative cunt . 
  they know pretty much everything i type online yet they wo n't come for me . 
  erdogan needs to get over his insecurities , he 's a complete farce at this stage . 
  disgraceful behaviour from azerbaijan . 
  hope those responsible rot behind bars . 
  now let 's do an age test and reduce this to about a quarter of the number and decline all the liars . 
  would require something similar to kosovo . 
  would be better off making libya an eu protectorate ( without the right for eu asylum ) and sorting the place out rather than throwing money at newly elected people we do n't know . 
  [ this is dated august 30 2014 from theeconomist ] ( http://i.imgur.com/feqxu5h.png ) denmark is behind a few other countries . 
  namibia is n't in europe . 
  with our fairly outdated military and low defence budget and position halfway across the globe we did quite well . 
  yeah but germany wants it so it 'll pass . 
  what a load of crap . 
  obama is anti-british . 
  i see the torygraph deleted http://blogs.telegraph.co.uk/news/nilegardiner/100088961/barack-obama-top-ten-insults-against-britain-2011-edition/ fortunately someone found a cached version . 
  do they include infants-15 year olds ? 
  mass murder probably ... 
  for me , to be european is to be born in europe and feel a sense of pride in the continent or their country of residence . 
  i would also consider someone who has moved here and obtained citizenship whilst espousing the values of their host country as european . 
  we 've had black and asian people in the united kingdom for hundreds upon hundreds of years . 
  we 've had a myriad of religions and government systems too so i feel these things do n't weigh as much . 
  for some people in the uk they feel pride in their country ( scotland , wales , england ) or their county ( cornwall , yorkshire , etc. ) . 
  for others it 's the uk or even europe . 
  for me all of those would be acceptable for you to be considered european . 
  if you 're a second generation immigrant who feels more pride for viet nam or pakistan i would not consider you to be a european even if you were born here . 
  clearly your allegiances lie outside the continent . 
  we were looking out for our own interests and attempting to stop russian expansion to really look out for the little guys . 
  sorry bulgaria ( and the whole of the balkans really ) . 
  third language ? 
  well in england it 's english french german in wales it 's english welsh french i do n't know about ni or scotland . 
  pay a poor country to take em like papua new guinea and nauru do for australia . 
  we have our choice of african nations to choose from . 
   like all similar `` laws '' ( e.g. , murphy 's law ) , betteridge 's law of headlines is intended as a humorous adage rather than always being literally true, 
  who cares about getting them back to their country of origin ? 
  if they dont ' declare where they 're from they get sent to a default country stiffed of all the money they paid smugglers . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/betteridge's_law_of_headlines ), 
  whoever is in power ( and thus has the most parliamentarians ) will boo and talk over the opposition . 
  labour or conservative it makes no real difference . 
  anglo countries seem to do okay . 
  i 'm surprised portugal has never won . 
  you get ` white - british ' , ` white - irish ' and ` white - other ' usually . 
   create a legal immigration corridor , only open to speakers of the language of the country they would immigrate to , of course it 's well received by the visegrad block . 
  african nations speak english , french and portuguese for the main part . 
  do n't touch me . 
   ex-cabinet minister liam fox called it another `` dodgy dossier '' full of `` opinions , assertions and suppositions '' and in a reference to european commission president jean claude juncker added : `` it 's bad enough that we get junk mail but to have juncker mail sent to us with our own taxes is the final straw . '', 
  nailed it , this is going to go down like a lead balloon .
