  the british empire was brutal in many aspects of it 's past . 
  we even ` invented ' concentration camps . 
  the thing is ... we moved on . 
  we realised our mistakes whether it took someone hitting us or our empire crumbling to do so . 
  the uk has n't forced conversions upon people for over a hundred years . 
  the uk has n't executed anyone since the 1960s . 
  here are some of the examples from the article :  charles frith posted an image of british soldiers putting down the singapore mutiny in 1915 , with the caption `` isis bastards '' . 
  a well-documented incident , 47 muslim indian soldiers were executed by court martial after taking up arms against officers , possibly in protest at being sent to fight the muslim caliph of the ottoman empire . 
  what does their religion have to do with it ? 
  we see muslims killing muslims all the time . 
  they were executed by court martial for refusing to follow orders . 
  here 's the penalty for court martial in ww1 : http://www.1914-1918.net/crime.htm  disobeying in such a manner as to show a wilful defiance of authority , a lawful command given personally by his superior officer - death  causing a mutiny in the forces , or endeavouring to persuade persons in hm forces to join in a mutiny - death their race & religion had nothing to do with the punishment they received . 
  their crime did . 
  the british empire was the first to abolish slavery , yet how little credit do these people give us for that ? 
  the world 100 years ago where capital punishment was rife in europe compared to today is wildly different . 
  religion has lost most of it 's grip , women can vote and work , girls are educated , etc. 
  westerners who joined isis moving from their cushy countries have no excuse . 
  they grew up here they should know how to behave in the 21st century . 
  every single greek island is inhabited ? 
  they can do more than one thing at a time . 
  ` more important issues ' is a cop-out excuse . 
  italy could amend their marriage laws to grant equal rights to same-sex couples in a matter of hours . 
  poland . 
  maybe the western and eastern european countries are n't so different after all ... 
  how exactly do we have religious people pulling our country down ? 
  the church of england is nothing more than a joke to most living here . 
  if you want religiosity look directly east . 
  countries with high population density ( netherlands , belgium , uk ) have less trees than low density nations ( finland , sweden , slovenia ) . 
  not really surprising . 
  yes , i think even turkey ( i really dislike nationalist turks & their gvnt ) should eventually join the eu . 
  the eu has been fantastic for the baltics , for czech , slovakia , poland and slovenia . 
  romania and bulgaria are picking up rapidly too . 
  croatia is too recent to tell , their unemployment is quite high which is worrying but this could change in time . 
  i see the whole balkan region , turkey , ukraine , belarus , armenia & azerbaijan in the union down the line . 
  russia is a federation of states and i 'd be welcome to opening up west russia to join the eu eventually as well . 
  naturally this wo n't all happen today . 
  aside from serbia and montenegro i do n't feel like any of these countries are really ready . 
  there 's a clause where serbia will only be permitted to join when kosovo is which will no doubt hold serbia back , but i see little reason why the eu could n't have montenegro join tomorrow and continue as usual . 
  57 % positive in greece . 
  man , have some backbone guys !, 
  special operations horses ? 
  she should face a trial in morocco . 
  i believe they continue to apply the death penalty for treason there . 
  lol not only is that idiot standing , but they 're all looking at the camera . 
  yes , 18-30 year old males passing themselves off as children ... 
   secondly , it is eu countries that have made it so difficult for refugees to fly directly to a european country . 
  the reason that only certain countries are allowed visa free travel to the eu is because they are not considered flight risks and are unlikely to not leave the country within the 3 months ... 
  if we allow all and sundry into europe many will never leave . 
   rattle their sabres every 6 months . 
  that 's being generous . 
  try 6 weeks . 
  religious institutions are anti birth control and religious institutions only lose their power when we round a lot of them up and slaughter them ( see spain/uk ) . 
  was n't the terrorist attack aimed at tourists in istanbul ? 
  http://www.independent.co.uk/travel/news-and-advice/spain-holiday-prices-soar-as-britons-avoid-turkey-following-terrorist-attacks-a6884571.html http://www.express.co.uk/travel/articles/629745/turkey-s-tourism-in-decline-following-high-threat-of-terror, 
  a joke , as they are the go to ` bash a country ' thing . 
  it 's odd because it should really be belgium and sweden getting the hate . 
  this comes to mind about eu countries changing their rulings . 
  [ youtube ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wpe_xmricle ), 
  see here , https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3xy7tw/reurope_tell_us_an_offensive_joke_about_your/cy8wplt, 
   how is a tiny country such as the uk supposed to fend for its interests when has that ever stopped us ? 
  got ta give italy some credit as well , c'mon . 
  the stuff the italians have been coming out with about the eu & needed reforms lately has been very good . 
  plus they are also a net contributor . 
  dutch , danish and swedish somalis came here by the tens of thousands when they got eu citizenship . 
  well ireland is n't in schengen either and people cross from ni to ireland all the time . 
  nothing will change . 
  that 's cute . 
  did n't sweden get a rebate in 2013 ? 
  in 2013 czech republic received 3x more money ( 4.89 billion euro ) from the eu than it gave ( 1.61 billion euro ) to the eu . 
  you simply do n't have the weight to throw around . 
  by contrast the uk received 3x less money ( 6.30 billion euro ) from the eu than it gave ( 17.06 billion ) to the eu . 
  look at 2013 eu budget for example countries that gave more money than took out : germany , france , italy , uk , netherlands , denmark , finland , austria , the other 20 countries took more than they gave . 
  in 2013 germany gave 16.32 billion euros more than they received . 
  uk gave 10.76 billion euros more than they received . 
  france 9.05 billion , italy 4.61 billion & netherlands 4.29 billion . 
  poland received 11.97 billion more than they gave , greece 5.31 billion , hungary 4.9 , portugal 4.37 and romania 4.09 . 
  sources - http://ec.europa.eu/budget/revexp/revenue_and_expenditure_files/data/revenue_and_expenditure_en.xls http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/financialcrisis/11221427/eu-budget-what-you-need-to-know.html, 
  first went to innsbruck in 2003 at easter and got spat on by a cyclist , got food poisoning and insulted when asking for directions ( in broken german mind ) second time was innsbruck again in 2005 when our car was broken into as we stayed at a hotel and police were more than useless , they blamed us and we had to get a new window fitted . 
  have n't been back since and do n't intend to . 
  no it 's true unless i misunderstand what you mean by viable . 
  viable for what ? 
  negotiating with turkey is like trying to get blood out of stone . 
  no they dont . 
  you have to cut them in half and put jam , sorry ` confiture ' , inside them !, 
  ham also works . 
  finland is in a recession now . 
  in order i 'd most like to visit canada ( not europe but really wan na go ) , switzerland , norway , finland , russia & latvia . 
  i 'd like to visit canada for the forests & lakes . 
  switzerland for the castles , food & mountains . 
  norway for the forests & artic ( same reason for finland ) . 
  i 'd like to visit russia for st petersburg & moscow attractions . 
  i 'd like to visit latvia for the culture . 
  i 'd least like to visit turkey , austria , albania , kosovo & moldova . 
  i do n't feel safe going to turkey with what looks like civil war brewing which is a shame cause there 's a lot of beauty there . 
  i have been to austria twice and both times were absolutely awful experiences , worse than anywhere else i 've visited in europe . 
  nothing of interest for me in albania and kosovo and high crime/poverty . 
  poverty in moldova would be too much for me . 
  if you 're wondering why i did n't include some of my other favourite countries like portugal , france and greece it 's because i 've been there before a few times and want something new . 
  that 's like giving us the vote and hoping we do n't realise things are gon na get a lot worse because the eu ca n't solve any of the problems you mentioned . 
  hearing a german say that when they rig the rules to their favour is hilarious .
