  the arab world translates about 330 books annually , one fifth of the number that greece translates . 
  the cumulative total of translated books since the caliph maa 'm oun 's time ( the ninth century ) is about 100,000 , almost the average that spain translates in one year ( galal , s. , 1999 ) . 
  edit : note this was published in 2002 . 
   spain translates more books from english [ here ya go . 
  ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2009/08/05/opinion/05friedman.html?_r=0 ), 
  this would be really good . 
  hopefully they get accepted swiftly . 
  i laughed . 
  benelux is pretty red . 
  who gives a shit what the afghan government thinks ? 
  either take back your people or face sanctions . 
  are we dividing france up then ? 
  we can take over our part again if you 'd like . 
  switzerland can take savoy too . 
  i voted lib dem , i want out of the eu . 
  mum voted labour , she wants out . 
  dad did n't vote , wants to stay in . 
  meaningless to look at the ukip numbers other than virtually assured out numbers but even then they have to vote and have to have the same opinion as they did during the ge . 
  wonder if the guardian would publish something on the cayman 's since that 's where the guardian goes to taxdodge . 
  price of a daily transport ticket in melbourne australia for bus/tram/train / underground in all the metropolitan region is $ 6.00 aud or # 3.00 . 
  unlimited uses until 2am next day . 
  price of train from wolverhampton to birmingham ( 2 stops between ) is # 4.20 . 
  bus from 1 town to the next is # 5.00 . 
   the government is now estimating that about half of those denied asylum last year will be deported , although there is some uncertainty in that number . 
  so what happens to the other half who were denied asylum ? 
  they get to stay ? 
  well i had a pretty bad experience with a public restroom in weymouth a few months ago . 
  i was in the stall and the toilet was filthy , so i was doing my best to ` air hover ' over the bowl ( lol ) and someone shoved their penis through the hole on the side ... best experience would probably be at the plaza cinema in dorchester . 
  toilets there were great . 
  no cheap toiletpaper , clean stalls etc. 
  they should get the dutch police on the case . 
  if i am to understand that article correctly , germany will provide satellite imagery in syria/iraq , as well as train peshmerga forces , provide air reconnaissance . 
  the uk will provide air support in syria/iraq for combat purposes . 
  belgium & the netherlands are working something out for syria/iraq . 
  latvia said it will send 10 special forces . 
  denmark has offered to train iraqi military forces austria , belgium , germany , czech republic , finland , portugal and denmark will provide planes for the mali campaign . 
  austria , hungary , romania and belgium will take part in flights themselves if germany leads them . 
  nobody has offered assistance for the central african conflict . 
  spain , ireland , italy , croatia , sweden , lithuania , estonia , poland , slovenia , slovakia , greece , malta and cyprus have offered nothing . 
  just a few questions about the voting process , the article says :  however , the ec ' legislative proposal , slated to be submitted in early 2016 , still needs to be approved by eu member states and the european parliament . 
  and  the visa-free regime will include all eu member states except the united kingdom and ireland . 
  it will also apply to cyprus , croatia , romania and bulgaria -- which are not yet part of the schengen zone ; and to non-eu member states such as iceland , liechtenstein , norway and switzerland . 
  does this mean the uk and ireland could block georgia from visa free travel to the schengen area they themselves are not apart of ? 
  ditto for cyprus , romania , bulgaria & croatia . 
  could they block it ? 
  do norway , switzerland , iceland and liechtenstein not get a say at all despite it affecting them ? 
  [ i actually paid ankama ] ( https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/ankama/wakfu-the-animated-series ) to have that dubbed despite watching it in french initially . 
  for animated series i do n't mind having it dubbed if the series is aimed at younger audiences . 
  plus it helps spread the krosmoz universe . 
  lock 'em up and throw away the key . 
  washingtonpost is a bit slow on the uptake . 
  a similar article to this was published a little over a week ago in iceland and republished on reddit . 
  http://icelandmag.visir.is/article/00-icelanders-25-years-or-younger-believe-god-created-world-new-poll-reveals however , [ an x-post from / r/atheism ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/atheism/comments/40y2pa/00_of_icelanders_25_years_or_younger_believe_god/cyy354l ) has a good explanation as to why it 's misleading . 
  welly wanging and dwarf tossing . 
  it 's not hard to get here . 
  thousands of indians and pakistanis come here on student visas to fake colleges then disappear every year . 
  walking around melbourne cbd ( australia ) at 3-4am on a week day i see more police than people lol . 
  there is a sexual assault/rape subculture in far east asia ( korea/japan ) but within the family unit . 
  it 's usually the creepy uncle or perverted grandparent type of thing . 
  the reason samsung phones make a click sound when you take a picture is because korean and japanese men would take upskirt pictures on public transport . 
  india , pakistan , afghanistan , egypt , morocco , algeria and south africa have rampant sexual assault issues . 
  norway has gone under though , they should 've joined the eu when they had the chance . 
  it 's the guardian . 
  since when is unemployment under control ? 
  the uk is exempt from schengen and has a better grasp on unemployment than many schengen area nations . 
  yup . 
  i do n't want immigration from 2 countries ( pakistan and jamaica ) and leaving the eu wo n't help with that . 
   meanwhile anneli hulth\u00e9n , the city 's social democrat mayor made her more opinionated thoughts clear when she skated into the debate on twitter . 
   `` i ca n't comment in a way that makes sense . 
  or , in plain language , who cares , '' she posted . 
  a sensible politician . 
  southampton is n't that bad . 
  i certainly do n't feel like it has a worst place vibe to it . 
  wolverhampton was worse , that place sucked the soul out of me until i escaped . 
  the streets smell of piss there . 
  [ hull is the worst i reckon . 
  not too surprising when you look at the figures that have come out of oxfam at davos this year . 
  [ richest 62 people as wealthy as half of world 's population ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/business/2016/jan/18/richest-62-billionaires-wealthy-half-world-population-combined )  oxfam cited estimates that rich individuals have placed a total of $ 7.6 tn in offshore accounts that 's more than the gdp of germany , the 3rd biggest economy in the world . 
  fuck the ira . 
  then why bring up the 750million population figure ? 
  migrants are not going to be evenly distributed . 
  the 750m figure is disingenuous . 
  non european migrants will settle in these nations - germany - population 81,083,600 united kingdom - population 64,596,800 france - population 64,321,000 italy - population 60,788,845 austria - population 8,579,747 sweden - population 9,760,142 norway - population 5,165,802 denmark - population 5,659,715 finland - population 5,473,465 netherlands - population 16,964,600 switzerland - population 8,211,700 belgium - population 11,239,846 total - population 341,845,262 this may offend some but non european migrants are not rushing to claim asylum in latvia , portugal or romania . 
  they are going to specific countries and specific areas of those countries . 
  there 's no great rush to the welsh countryside or the french countryside . 
  this is creating very heavy strain on infrastructure and care staff in regions of nations absorbing the migrants . 
  the answers seem to be ` let 's train more doctors for them . ', 
  we ca n't do this overnight . 
  we ca n't find thousands of translators either , nor immigration officials . 
  we ca n't build houses with running water and power at the snap of our fingers either , and even if we could , should we ? 
  should we build over our land to accustom foreigners who should be going back to their country when it 's safe ? 
  we do the best we can with what we have . 
  ikea ran out of beds , sweden used holiday resorts and boats to provide shelter for migrants , germany used country towns with empty houses for theirs . 
  migrants want to be in the cities with their established diaspora . 
  this is why it is far better to help them near the conflict zone as it 's cheaper , they 're close to their diaspora and we can use ngo doctors . 
  hmmm ... 
  i 'd say yes . 
  i identify as british first then english . 
  have made many trips to wales and not felt that big of a difference aside from not being able to pronounce places . 
  it 's mainly the scots that are nationalistic here anyway .
