   in 2016 more than 13,900 children were born in estonia . 
  the number of births has remained at approximately the same level for five years . 
  considering that the number of women in childbearing age has decreased , it could be seen as good news , but there is still a long way to go before really good news in births statistics , the statistical office said . 
   last year 15,300 deaths were recorded . 
  the number of deaths has been more or less the same for six years in a row , varying by around 150 . 
  as the population ages and the number of older people increases year after year , life expectancy is expected to continue to increase . 
   in 2016 , 9,100 people immigrated to estonia and 5,800 people emigrated . 
  according to statistics estonia , migration statistics are the most difficult to estimate based on preliminary data , as they are supplemented with figures from other registers and later on also unregistered migration is added in , which follows the methodology of calculating population based on residency index : if a person changes from resident to non-resident , it is emigration , and in the opposite case , it is immigration ( if it is not births or deaths ) . 
  reaching the final result is more complicated compared to other events , both technically and methodologically , and can significantly increase migration flows . 
   emigration increases mainly due to the unregistered leaving of european union and estonian citizens . 
  immigration increases mainly due to return migration of estonian citizens , which is also not registered , as their prior leaving was not registered either . 
  compared to immigration , emigration is registered less , whether knowingly or unknowingly , and therefore emigration will presumably increase more than immigration in the revised population number . 
   the current outcome is based on changes of residence in the population register in 2016 . 
   in 2015 the population of estonia increased by 2,673 persons . 
   the coordinating body for all the jewish communities in croatia said it will not take part in the state-organised commemoration of international holocaust remembrance day this friday in protest against the government 's lack of action to deal with right-wingers putting up plaques that display wwii fascist slogans , among other recent incidents . 
   sara tabakovic zoricic , a representative of the jewish community in zagreb and the director of the shoah academy , told birn that the boycott will go ahead `` because of all the things that piled up ; the jasenovac plaque issue and other things '' . 
   tabakovic zoricic was referring to an incident when former members of the 1990s-era croatian defence forces and right-wing politicians installed a memorial plaque with the croatian world war ii fascist ustasa slogan ` za dom spremni ' ( ` ready for the home ( land ) ' ) near the site of the former ustasa concentration camp at jasenovac last year . 
   according to research by the jasenovac memorial site , 83,145 serbs , jews , roma and anti-fascists have been identified on a name-by-name list as having died at the concentration camp during the war , a figure which is not yet final . 
   `` we cancelled our presence at their events due to the whole situation regarding these mild reactions regarding the plaques and other issues , '' tabakovic zoricic said . 
   tabakovic zoricic also pointed to the case of an exhibition on holocaust victim and diarist anne frank that was removed from a high school in the coastal town of sibenik on thursday . 
   the exhibition was taken down because since the school 's director complained that it portrayed the ustasa negatively while showing communist-led anti-fascist partisans as `` innocents '' . 
   `` this is actually a consequence of the whole situation . 
  i think that this is something so outrageous on an international level . 
  this level of denial of everything that happened in croatia in wwii is unbelievable , '' tabakovic zoricic said . 
   she argued that the current centre-right government had persisted with the same policies as the previous administration that collapsed last june , which caused both the jewish and serbian communities to boycott last year 's official state commemoration of the victims of jasenovac . 
   information about this year 's boycott was first reported by daily newspaper novi list on saturday , quoting the head of the jewish community in zagreb , ognjen kraus , as saying that the brutality of the ustasa movement was increasingly being downplayed in croatia . 
   `` if the red star [ the insignia of the partisans ] and the ustasa 's ` u ' [ insignia ] are the same , then there 's nothing more to talk about , '' he said , pointing to announcements that the government plans to ban all totalitarian symbols , including the red star , which one expert said would have risky constitutional implications . 
   during the ustasa-led independent state of croatia -- which included the majority of present-day croatia , bosnia and herzegovina and parts of serbia -- between 1941 and 1945 , some 31,000 out of approximately 40,000 jews were killed or sent to german death camps . 
   holocaust remembrance day has been marked since 2005 on january 27 , the anniversary of the day when soviet troops entered the auschwitz death camp in poland 1945 , finding some 7,500 prisoners still alive . 
   the croatian parliament has a special sitting each year to mark the occasion , while the government organises a seminar at the croatian education and teacher training agency . 
  what a heroic figure . 
  just stare into his eyes for a minute and you know he 's seen shit during his year of national service . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/wiki/news_sources much better than using the local . 
   over two-thirds of montenegrin citizens would vote for their country 's european union accession were a referendum on it held today , according to a survey presented in podgorica on tuesday . 
   sixty-one percent of respondents have a positive view of the eu , said olivera komar of the defacto agency , which did the survey . 
  `` the number has never been bigger , '' she said , adding that a stable majority supported the eu association process and wanted to see montenegro in the eu . 
   `` if we do n't count those who would n't go to the polls and those who do n't have an opinion , only citizens who have an opinion would remain and then 76.3 % would vote for eu accession , which is 3 % more than last year , while 23.7 % would be against , '' komar said . 
   respondents voiced confidence that montenegro will join the eu by 2020 at the latest . 
  the survey also showed that citizens are more informed about the eu than before . 
   the head of the eu delegation to montenegro , aivo orav , said it was no secret that there were numerous internal divisions and different views on various topics in montenegrin society , but that the binding element of all of society was the aspiration to join the eu . 
   this is an important message for politicians , both in power and the opposition , he added . 
  you do n't have to be an alt-righter to recognise that he 's a piece of shit . 
  profited off the misery he enabled with the black wednesday crisis here . 
  he 's one of those people with too much power who should n't exist , like murdoch or bannon . 
  its the same submitter for the other thread , https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5ohc13/britons_are_very_pessimistic_about_the_eus_future/, 
  this is far more common than you 'd expect sadly , in australia anyway . 
  full throttle back to the 1920s . 
  france is screwed by the colour changing scheme . 
  you should go to the independent and post some articles about how the uk is the fourth reich . 
  if you can beat maniabeatles you can even post it to / r/unitedkingdom for more karma !, 
  most of my food remains either go to compost or my dogs , but things like lamb bones , mussel shells etc go to the trash . 
  do they count as food remains ? 
  * all numbers are in 1000s * in 2010 we had 50,117 k people aged 16 and over . 
  31,651 k were economically active , 29,144 k ( 92.1 % ) were employed , 2,508 k were unemployed ( 7.9 % ) now we have 52,553 k people aged 16 and over . 
  33,406 were economically active , 31,802 k ( 95.2 % ) were employed , 1,604 k were unemployed ( 4.8 % ) in 2010 we had 18,466 k people economically inactive ( 9033k of which were aged 65 + ) and now we have 19,147 k people inactive ( 10,254 k of which were aged 65 + ) numbers of people economically inactive has increased by 681k , numbers of people over 65 who are inactive has increased by 1221k . 
  / u/verochio covered it pretty well here : https://www.reddit.com/r/unitedkingdom/comments/5oogkp/uk_unemployment_falls_to_16_million/dcku9z6/, 
  kyrygystan is playing a pretty good game . 
  well this is shit . 
  he lives in dubai & follows american football . 
  not even sure he voted on brexit . 
  / r/conspiracy, 
  1 ) both the uk and portugal are members of nato . 
  the united states invoked article 5 ( the defence clause ) of nato after 9/11 . 
  we both responded to the call . 
  2 ) england & portugal have the oldest military in the world . 
  the last time we asked you for help was ww1 . 
  nato article 5 has been invoked once , by the us , to invade afghanistan . 
  * 453 british soldiers died in afghanistan , * 158 canadian soldiers died in afghanistan , * 88 french soldiers died in afghanistan , * 57 german soldiers died in afghanistan , * 53 italian soldiers died in afghanistan , * 44 polish soldiers died in afghanistan , * 43 danish soldiers died in afghanistan , * 41 australian soldiers died in afghanistan , * 35 spanish soldiers died in afghanistan , * 31 georgian soldiers died in afghanistan ( yes this is the country russia invaded in 2008 ) , * 25 dutch soldiers died in afghanistan , * 23 romanian soldiers died in afghanistan , * 15 turkish soldiers soldiers died in afghanistan , * 10 czech soldiers died in afghanistan , * 10 new zealander soldiers died in afghanistan , * 10 norwegian soldiers died in afghanistan , * 9 estonian soldiers died in afghanistan , * 7 hungarian soldiers died in afghanistan , * 5 swedish soldiers died in afghanistan , * 4 latvian soldiers died in afghanistan , * 3 slovak soldiers died in afghanistan , * 2 finnish soldiers died in afghanistan , * 2 jordanian soldiers died in afghanistan , * 2 portuguese soldiers died in afghanistan , * 2 south korean soldiers died in afghanistan , * 1 albanian soldier died in afghanistan , * 1 belgian soldier died in afghanistan , * 1 lithuanian soldier died in afghanistan , * 1 montenegrin soldier died in afghanistan , these are just the lives lost for other nations answering the us nato call . 
  several of these countries are n't even nato members . 
  countless numbers more were injured or came home and comitted suicide due to ptsd . 
  yet he will throw us to the dogs , to the very country that screwed afghanistan up in the first place in yet another stupid landgrab attempt . 
  in closing , fuck you donald trump . 
  is n't your president a prince ? 
  how are there no highways connecting to lithuania or belarus yet ? 
  is bialystok not an important city ? 
  iraq 16544 morocco 8360 i dunno , it seems a little off . 
  http://www.xe.com/currencycharts/?from=try&amp;to=usd&amp;view=5y its crazy how much it is dropping in value . 
  http://uksnowmap.com/ this is decent for tracking it, 
  looks pretty flat for wales, 
   which country you 're from and how do you feel about the refugee crisis ? 
  i 'm from the uk and i feel like the refugee crisis is not being handled properly at all . 
  our government decided to transport vulnerable women , orphans and families directly to the uk from refugee camps but we chose to allow too few in whereas other european countries like germany entice people to pay smugglers and risk their lives to get here . 
   which country has the best food in your opinion and which has the worst ? 
  i understand this is subjective . 
  so , please do n't start a fire . 
  i think finland has the worst food , but maybe everything i ate there simply did not agree with me at all . 
  i think france has the best food but sometimes they 're not hygienic at all . 
   name a movie i should watch from your country and name a book from your country that i should read . 
  the colour of magic by terry pratchett is a good favourite read of mine , and i recommend watching cockneys vs zombies for some good laughs . 
  i miss snow . 
  yes , you would be allowed to work in the uk . 
  also , / r/askeurope for future questions . 
  i hope they vote to allow montenegro to join nato . 
  if we get the balkans into nato along with our more powerful states i think it will kill any chance of military aggression amongst balkan states . 
  the corruption , nepotism and arguing over borders would be solved by all the countries moving towards the eu . 
  if people from the balkans can move and work anywhere else in the balkans and west europe and share a common currency problems like kosovo and rep. of srpska will be largely forgotten . 
   i 've got it all covered privately and could pay for it myself if necessary . 
  aka fuck you , i got mine !, 
  vote lib dem 2020 !, 
  it 's sad really because a lot of the jews in france already had to leave morocco in the last couple of generations .
