  who is there left in russian politics that can muster a representive party of civilised people ? 
  the opposition to putin is a complete farce . 
  i do n't recall viewing face-sitting porn as being illegal , however it is illegal to perform it and film it aka produce pornography of face-sitting . 
  they passed that under some bogus health hazard law . 
  isnt that just some charity thing started by some women ? 
  never heard of it to be honest but the website is barebone . 
  true but you dont tend to carry your firearm ( hunting rifle ) on a busy london bus . 
  the relevant extracts on page 2 from hightlight to end of document ( for those who struggle to read small fonts )  breslaw , july 16 . 
  we have advice from ratibonne , that the turks have actually besieged vienna , and did so closely pursue the imperialists , that it was not without much difficulty that they got into the suburbs ; that general schultz is encamped upon the banks of the danube , with a great body of horse , and that a great part of the artillery which was in the army , is sent to vienna . 
   from the imperial camp near vienna , july 17 . 
  the turks having for three days actually besieged vienna , did yesterday pass the tbaber . 
  and with a body of 1000 horse and food atrack out advance guards , but were repelled with some loss . 
  our men begined seconded by others , which at the same time made a sally out of the town . 
   from the imperial camp , july 18 . 
  the turks continue to shoot great numbers of bombs and fire-works into vienna , and have for three days so closely guarded all the passages , that none can go out , or return into it . 
  in the mean time , count staremberg defends it with great courage , and has , as we are informed , caused three burghers to be hanged , for discoursing of surrendering it unto the turks . 
  the tartars have burned the bridge at crembster . 
  our cavalry is encamped on the other side of the danube , and is on its march towards cremb , where a great body of the enemy is encamped , and have lately burned the castle of petranella . 
   stroppan , july 18 . 
  the army under command of count teckeley , consisting of 60000 men ; have made an incursion into moldavia , where after having burnt the cities of settin and brodt , and , after a short resistance , made themselves masters of tremscbin , they advanced as far as meseritz , seven miles from this place , which is under great apprehensions of being very suddenly besieged by them . 
   lintz , july 24 . 
  the turks have made three attacks upon the suburbs of vienna , and after a vigorous resistance of the inhabitants , having made themselves masters of talbor and leopolstadt , were again driven from thence with great loss . 
  the grand vizir having sent to count staremberg , to demand a truce for some hours , in order to bury the bodies of the turks which had been slain before vienna , and did much annoy his camp , and being refused the same , he is removed with his army further from vienna . 
  the besieged have dismounted the three batteries which the turks erected against the place ; and it 's said , that in the last action the turks lost twelve persons of the chiefest quality , and amongst them a [ bassa ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pasha ) . 
  the emperor has constituted the count of capliers to be president of the council of war which is appointed to remain at vienna during the siege . 
   passaw , july 25 . 
  their imperial majesties continue still here . 
  the sieur ruckbelsberg is arrived here in post from the duke of lorrain , the vanguard of the whole army is only four hours distant from the turks . 
  the boors of the upper austria are posted on the banks of the river ens , to hinder the tartars from passing it . 
  we have advice that the turks , after having passed the river at weifigerberg , and made themselves masters of one part of the suburbs of vienna , called leopolstadt , had been again forced from thence . 
  the inhabitants in the mean time make a very vigorous resistance , and have made divers sallics with very good success , wherein they have killed great numbers of the turks , especially on the side of the carinbia gate . 
  it is said , that general duswaldt , in his late rencounter with the tartars , hath released 300 women , and a great many boors . 
  we have advice from hungary , that the vanguard of the poles , having had a brisk dispute with the rebels who opposed their passage into the upper hungary , had defeated them , and possessed themselves into the cities of esperizs , cassaw , and others which they had taken : but of this we must expect the confirmation , by our next letters from those parts . 
  edit : edited to add a link to bassa since that term has been discontinued for 300 years . 
  that is stupid and damaging to the slovakian media and i think the fact that the slovak foreign ministry repeatedly makes the same mistake to be a glaring double standard . 
  yes they were n't entirely correct , but great britain did vote to leave the eu . 
  they just forgot ni . 
  i am sort of happy right now though i am optimistic for the future and could see living in the future as being good . 
  say 30 years from now when more countries will have same sex marriage legalised as well as better drug laws . 
  he sounds latvian, 
  i like hearing dutch people speak english . 
  it just sounds like they 're having a stroke when they switch back to speaking dutch though . 
  only the one time . 
  i was about 13 and walking home when i lived in french switzerland . 
  it was november ( or december i am a bit hazy on this ) and a police car pulled up on the road beside me and gestured me over . 
  they started to ask me many questions about what i was doing out at 6pm in the dark , why i had gloves and a hood on , if i was local , where i lived . 
  they quizzed me with a lot of questions for like half an hour before i was free to go . 
  they did n't even give me a ride home so i had to keep walking for another hour . 
  i 'm a law abiding white male so i 'm less likely to be approached i think . 
  [ my results . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/cnkfvvg.png ) overall pretty accurate i think , though i believe i 'd be a bit more in favour of the free market than that . 
  english , british , european and salopian . 
  [ operation compass ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_compass ) is one of our miracle battles i think . 
  36,000 soldiers from free france , uk , british india and australia against 150,000 soldiers from italy . 
  when the battle ended the allies took 138,000 italian & libyan soldiers prisoner . 
  i think salisbury cathedral is the most breathtaking in salisbury . 
  [ 1 ] ( http://www.oldgeorgemall.co.uk/images/salisbury/salisbury-cathedral.jpg ) [ 2 ] ( http://www.johnsonsofshaftesbury.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2012/12/removals-salisbury.jpg ) ugliest is probably the [ jobcentre ] ( http://s0.geograph.org.uk/geophotos/01/05/22/1052200_f99f8602.jpg ) and other government buildings there . 
  i only moved back to the uk in 2015 and have moved twice in the uk ( 3 addresses total ) since . 
  looking to move again now as it 's too expensive albeit a nice area . 
  so i like and dislike it i guess ? 
  once you 're 18 you can just get up and move i think . 
  i was 23 when i bought a plane ticket and flew back to the uk by myself . 
  fuck france , marry portugal , kill spain, 
  i am in hampshire near the new forest . 
  house prices between # 350 ' 000 - # 1m . 
  currently splitting rent but it is # 1300/month for 4 bedroom . 
  i do n't care for it . 
  i 'd adopt kids if we could not conceive as well . 
  i think its largely obsolete, 
  i think greece has the most interesting history in europe . 
  i 've spend years reading on it and i 'm always finding out new things . 
  if you can only speak english i 'd advise you to look into moving to ireland . 
  i think that batshit crazy imams have a lot to answer for in this case . 
  some muslims have been indoctrinated with horrible ideas from men who preach nothing but hatred under the guise of religion . 
  this reflects badly on the muslim community as a whole for not actively denouncing these hate preachers . 
  they call us inferiors in our own countries and encourage every day muslims to treat us with nothing but disdain . 
  this has a huge backlash and now neither side trusts each other . 
  scandal after scandal emerges about muslims in the uk with hate marches , hate speech , targeting of non-muslims for assault and rape as well as electoral fraud ( tower hamlets ) . 
  some of it is down to xenophobia yes , but there is a reason that hatred for muslims is more widespread than hindus , sikhs or buddhists in our country . 
  it was mainly their lack of interest and when we were pointing to brochures etc they just acted completely stupid , but when we were walking out they were just laughing to each other . 
  i mean we were pointing at the rooms we wanted and putting up our fingers to say how many whilst speaking broken german . 
  maybe they really didnt understand us but i think they just didnt care . 
  from ringwood to southampton ... so 22 miles / 35km away . 
  yes , experienced discrimination in austria and in france . 
  in both cases people pretended not to understand us ( parents and i ) . 
  in austria we tried to speak german but it was limited , they kept looking at us like we were crazy . 
  we tried english and french as well but in the end we had to go to another hotel and worse part was they were laughing at us when we left . 
  in france it was a street vendor in cannes ripping my parents off but since i am fluent in french and their french is really bad i understood what he was saying and i said to him in perfect french that i knew he was overcharging us massively , his face dropped and he tried to make excuses like a pathetic little man when my parents changed their mind . 
  i agree to an extent , the value and effort that the soviet union made in helping the allies is really understated for ww2 but there is the uncomfortable truth that the soviet union joined the war on the nazi side . 
  i dont see turkey as a threat to europe . 
  economically , we could crush them if it comes to that and erdogan has done a stellar job at alienating half his country and almost all of his allies . 
  in a conventional war turkey would n't fare well ( see albab for their military prowess ) and the country is so easily divided along ethnic and city/rural lines that propaganda could sway the population to revolt . 
  turkey is a threat to turks , especially critical thinkers and ethnic minorities . 
  yeah , they are pretty common here especially in business parks during lunch breaks or universities . 
  the food is pretty meh . 
  hi , on my mother 's side i traced my ancestry back to god as one of my ancestors was an illegitimate heir of a stuart king of england and they altered their tree to be descended from god . 
  i have traced my heritage to walt disney . 
  on my dad 's side i can trace it back to early 1800s ireland . 
  the family moved to east london during the famine . 
  other distant links are in canada .
