  * 1971-1980 - 629,000 non-uk born residents arrived . 
  * 1981-1990 - 653,000 non-uk born residents arrived . 
  * 1991-2000 - 1,240,000 non-uk born residents arrived . 
  * 2001-march 2011 - 3,776,000 non-uk born residents arrived . 
  [ source ] ( https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1y63iy64jqvvtt1sfslvcc_zjnnfnpamvztczzopsn14/edit#gid=9 ) the rapid rise in migration to the uk since the fall of communism in eastern europe has started to alarm people here and they do want breaks . 
  for most people posting here your countries have simply not experienced the same numbers of people moving into your country . 
  it does not help that the new migrants do not settle over the country equally but disproportionally in england . 
  i believe they meant access to the single market . 
  as for indians being ` new ' i beg to differ , they 've been here since the end of wwii . 
  most recent year of arrival for non-uk born residents * 1941-1951 - 137,000 non-uk born residents arrived . 
  * 1951-1960 - 356,000 non-uk born residents arrived . 
  * 1961-1970 - 667,000 non-uk born residents arrived . 
  * 1971-1980 - 629,000 non-uk born residents arrived . 
  * 1981-1990 - 653,000 non-uk born residents arrived . 
  * 1991-2000 - 1,240,000 non-uk born residents arrived . 
  * 2001-march 2011 - 3,776,000 non-uk born residents arrived . 
  [ source ] ( https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1y63iy64jqvvtt1sfslvcc_zjnnfnpamvztczzopsn14/edit#gid=9 ) in the 2001 census there were 60,711 polish people in the uk , and 456,000 indian people . 
  in the 2011 there were 579,000 polish people in the uk and 694,000 indian people . 
  2014 ons figures put the number of polish born ( some may hold uk citizenship ) at 790,000 and 793,000 for those born in india . 
  david miliband is a shady guy with his fingers in many pies . 
  i would n't vote for him and i do n't think he 'd win a plp election . 
  no sadly there is nobody for epp because too many of our meps in the parliament are eurosceptic wastes of space . 
  we 're the only country without any in the epp ... ecr will have to do . 
  most wo n't , but if i have the right to vote i will vote . 
  i do n't care if that offends you . 
  we 're still part of the eu for now . 
  i 'd vote for the epp as i 'm centre-right . 
  china is 6th . 
  there are still 3 runs to go but yes currently losing to pakistan . 
  we 're not bad at cricket ... 
  nimrod is an insult in the uk , it certainly would be weird to see here lol . 
  you 're a european and a member of the eu like any of us . 
  your country can block them ( if by some miracle cyprus and greece let up ) . 
  do n't really need a thinktank to see that . 
  there are 6 chapters ( out of the 35 ) which will require significant changes from serbia to be closed , but the rest do n't seem that far off . 
  the chapters opened are :  chapter 23 - judiciary and fundamental rights  eu policies in the area of judiciary and fundamental rights aim to maintain and further develop the union as an area of freedom , security and justice . 
  the establishment of an independent and efficient judiciary is of paramount importance . 
  impartiality , integrity and a high standard of adjudication by the courts are essential for safeguarding the rule of law . 
  this requires a firm commitment to eliminating external influences over the judiciary and to devoting adequate financial resources and training . 
  legal guarantees for fair trial procedures must be in place . 
  equally , member states must fight corruption effectively , as it represents a threat to the stability of democratic institutions and the rule of law . 
  a solid legal framework and reliable institutions are required to underpin a coherent policy of prevention and deterrence of corruption . 
  member states must ensure respect for fundamental rights and eu citizens ' rights , as guaranteed by the acquis and by the fundamental rights charter . 
  &  chapter 24 - justice , freedom and security  eu policies aim to maintain and further develop the union as an area of freedom , security and justice . 
  on issues such as border control , visas , external migration , asylum , police cooperation , the fight against organised crime and against terrorism , cooperation in the field of drugs , customs cooperation and judicial cooperation in criminal and civil matters , member states need to be properly equipped to adequately implement the growing framework of common rules . 
  above all , this requires a strong and well-integrated administrative capacity within the law enforcement agencies and other relevant bodies , which must attain the necessary standards . 
  a professional , reliable and efficient police organisation is of paramount importance . 
  the most detailed part of the eu 's policies on justice , freedom and security is the schengen acquis , which entails the lifting of internal border controls in the eu . 
  however , for the new member states substantial parts of the schengen acquis are implemented following a separate council decision to be taken after accession . 
  congrats and good luck to serbia . 
  that is 4.45 billion euros btw , 4453.9 million = 4.4539 billion . 
  if you are a foreigner living in ireland and the irish intelligence finds something out about you they do n't like they can cancel your residency at their own discretion . 
  they do n't owe you an explanation or a trial . 
  come to bournemouth university down here in sunny south west england  it 's a pretty nice place . 
  i work here ( not study ) but the students look pretty happy . 
  not sure about the costs though . 
  bournemouth is very diverse with shops from eastern europe , italy , asia and lebanon . 
  it 's cute that turkey gets billions from the eu when theyre in pre-admission limbo . 
  http://ec.europa.eu/enlargement/instruments/funding-by-country/turkey/index_en.htm even when they 're not a member we 're still paying them a ton of money . 
  the eu pays billions to turkey as part as the pre-admission fund . 
  http://ec.europa.eu/enlargement/instruments/funding-by-country/turkey/index_en.htm  eu allocations for ipa 2014-2020 : $ 4,453.9 million ( not including the allocation for cross-border cooperation )  democracy & governance  improving public administration and financial governance ( more efficient , responsible , accountable ) ; improving ethical standards and anti-corruption tools ; regulatory reform for alignment with eu economic law ( acquis ) , and further progress on ` negotiation chapter ' benchmarks ( pre\u2011accession policy areas ) . 
   civil society  more active democratic participation in policy and decision-making processes ; promoting respect of fundamental rights and a culture of dialogue ; increasing dialogue with civil society ( e.g. 
  non-state , voluntary organisations ) and intercultural exchange between turkey and the eu . 
   rule of law & fundamental rights  improving the judiciary ( independence , impartiality , efficiency , administration ) ; and promoting the respect of fundamental rights and freedoms . 
  what a farce . 
  i agree . 
  dutch and german turks are generally in favour of erdogan . 
  the us , canada , australia , new zealand , uruguay and brazil would probably be wiser for them . 
  the further they get from turkey the better anyhow . 
  i feel really bad for the secular turks in all this . 
  i can only hope they can get out of the country before it is too late . 
  that means the article was written by reuters from their belgrade office on july the 16th . 
  the office is located at resavska 23 11000 belgrade serbia they usually use igor illic to report on croatian affairs but maybe he was not available ? 
  http://www.reuters.com/journalists/igor-ilic ivana sekularac , the author of this piece , usually focuses on serbian affairs . 
  you have never heard of wonga , badoo or soundcloud ? 
  yahoo ( instead of google ) dailymotion ( instead of youtube ) skyrock ( instead of facebook ) pinterest ( instead of instagram ), 
  most of our muslims are bangladeshi and pakistani . 
  they are less radicalised than moroccans , algerians and tunisians . 
  we have our own problems with them ( election rigging and gangrape ) but thats more to do with caste system and less to do with theology . 
  [ here is forbes.com totally destroying this article . 
  ] ( http://www.forbes.com/sites/francescoppola/2016/07/12/british-newspaper-tries-and-fails-to-dish-the-dirt-on-the-uks-new-prime-minister/ )  the british online magazine the independent thinks it has found some dirt on the husband of britain 's soon-to-be-appointed prime minister , theresa may . 
  `` theresa may 's husband is a senior executive at a $ 1.4 tn investment fund that profits from tax avoiding companies '' , it shouts . 
  and it goes on to remind everyone that theresa may mentioned amazon and starbucks sbux -1.76 % in a speech about tax avoidance . 
  ted jeory , one of the authors of the piece , describes himself on twitter twtr -1.99 % as `` ex deputy editor of the bureau of investigative journalism '' . 
  it 's a good thing he is `` ex '' , since he does n't seem to have done much investigating . 
  and he does n't seem to have understood what he did find out . 
  the company philip may works for is capital group . 
  here is how the article describes it :  the relatively unknown investment fund where theresa may 's husband philip works as a senior executive is one of the world 's largest and most powerful financial institutions , controlling $ 1.4 trillion ( # 1.5 trillion ) in assets . 
   relatively unknown ? 
  presumably that means that the authors have never heard of it . 
  but lots of people in the usa will have heard of it . 
  it runs american funds , one of the largest mutual fund families in the us . 
  among other things , american funds is a provider of corporate pension schemes :  with more than 360,000 plans , american funds offers more retirement plan features and flexibility than ever . 
  count on us to provide a retirement plan solution that can work for you -- whether large or small , startup or takeover , or needing a tpa or bundled plan administration . 
   the article mentions that philip may is a pensions expert . 
  that fits , does n't it ? 
   it took me approximately five minutes to find the information above . 
  all i had to do was look at two websites . 
  but then i have some understanding of the fund management industry . 
  perhaps the problem is not that the authors did n't do any investigation , it is that they have n't the foggiest idea how the fund management industry works .
