  who would have control over the button ? 
  this was made by a german group , and note that the [ germans have not been investing in their military ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/42tdx2/ombudsman_german_army_is_short_of_almost/ ) , germany is pushing for an eu army [ 1 ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3yj0hi/eu_needs_common_army_says_german_finance_minister/ ) [ 2 ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4hnx5k/german_pushes_for_eu_army/ ) then we move onto things like asylum policies and how to deal with overseas territories ( france , spain , netherlands , uk and denmark all own some ) . 
  the uk & the commonweath realms share certain bonds , what happens to those . 
  portugal-brazil-angola ? 
  people from spanish-american countries , the philippines & equatorial guinea only need to spend 2 years in spain to apply for spanish citizenship ( instead of the usual 10 ) . 
  it 's not going to happen . 
  we are too different . 
  we had bomb destroyed streets in the uk 30 years after ww2 . 
  the government would be better off training the serbian people to rebuild the city without middle eastern assistance . 
   in july 2015 , shamsul arefin was found guilty of human trafficking under the asylum and immigration act and imprisoned for three years . 
   in the appeal judgment , it emerged that he had been convicted of the sexual assault of two women migrant workers and had been handed a six-month sentence in 2013 . 
  scottish courts are a joke . 
  at 30:08 i found that pretty interesting . 
  1 in 10 people fighting in the british empire was born in britain , but 7 in 10 of the casualties were born in britain . 
  2 out of 3 pilots in the raf were born in britain , 4 out of 5 pilots fighting in the raf in north africa were born in britain . 
  i never said nothing bad will happen . 
  remain campaign only uses fear arguments and is not promoting the benefits of being in the eu properly . 
  it 's gotten to the point now where we 're fed up of being told all these could/might/maybe doom & gloom scenarios by a bunch of fear-mongers . 
  ok so let me just get this right . 
  we are a `` small island nation '' . 
  we need the eu because our influence is waning . 
  things that will happen if this small island nation with waning influence will leave : - scottish referendum - russian aggression - millions unemployed - all major businesses relocating ( where ? ), 
  - housing market crash - global financial market crash - lack of food - no holidays abroad ( apparently we ca n't get visas ? ), 
  - all our rights will be stripped away - greater risk of terrorism ( eu countries do n't get attacked by terrorists ) here 's a few things they could add that * might * happen should we vote leave : - the uk will sink into the ocean . 
  - aliens will refuse to visit planet earth . 
  - all cancer research is ceased worldwide . 
  - slavery is reintroduced . 
  - british music will no longer be played on continental european radio . 
  - not a single country in the world will make a trade deal with us . 
  - drought , famine , war & pestilence will strike the whole uk . 
  eddie izzard did a terrible job ... 
  if muslims want to go to their sharia courts to sort their crap out then that 's fine ( so long as i 'm not left footing the bill ) . 
  if someone does n't want to go to the sharia court they should not be coerced to go . 
  if they start `` demanding '' that non-muslims go to sharia court they will find many fists in their faces . 
  # 11 a day for single adult commute to and back from london . 
  # 5640/year from wolverhampton or birmingham ( new st ) - london euston . 
  birmingham is an hour and a half commute from central london , and places like wolverhampton are another 15 minutes away . 
  you can get a 3 bedroom house in wolverhampton for # 100k . 
  anything to the west or east of london is expensive as hell though . 
  he 's already done that . 
  oh this is going to be fun !, 
  would it be feasible to see the leader of the lib dems ( tim farron ) on here someday ? 
   but the eu believes ankara will not be able to implement reforms on freedom of the press and the judiciary by june 30 . 
  yeah , gon na need a little bit longer than that ... 
  well spotted , my mistake . 
  i 've been in 2 . 
  though 1 of those i pretty much got stomped so not sure if it counts . 
  that is a stupid idea given that nations have different amounts of people . 
  why would 423k maltese people have the same number of representatives as 8062k german people ? 
  in an ideal place we would have representation numbers update every eu parliament meeting and set the bar at 1 mep per 250k people . 
  malta would get 2 and germany 32 . 
  as it stands currently a maltese voter is worth 12 british . 
  marseille = miami, 
  ukraine, 
  that 's just sad . 
  what does it matter to them that gay people can get married ? 
  nobody is forcing them to get married to a gay person . 
  uk & ireland always had above normal teen pregnancy rates . 
  by age 14-15 most are sexually active . 
  i moved countries as a child twice ( 6 & 14 ) and it 's not her parents fault at all . 
  sounds like she was bullied and not offered support but the press is looking to make this a sensationalist article for more views . 
  i got it 2 days ago , i 'm in the new forest area . 
  they should all be delivered by next week i think . 
  my card says `` if you can not go to the polling station on thursday 23 june 2016 you can do one of the following : - apply to vote by post . 
  completed applications must reach us before 5pm on wednesday 8 june 2016 . 
  if you are given a postal vote you will not be able to vote in person at this referendum . 
  or - apply to vote by proxy ( this means someone else can vote on your behalf ) . 
  completed applications must reach us by 5pm on wednesday 15 june 2016 . 
  if you appoint a proxy , you can vote if you wish , but only if your proxy has not already voted on your behalf and has not got a postal vote for you . '', 
  i did n't see anything about 3rd of june but that may be when registering to vote closes ? 
  they make the swedes look slow . 
  at 2000 euro/month we 'd be making only 19k/year . 
  most starting jobs offer that much so im sure the average is a little higher . 
   sorin mois\u0103 - the most influential mep from the second largest socialist delegation , romania . 
  elected after serving as deputy chief of staff to then european commissioner , now romanian prime minister , dacian ciolo\u0219 . 
  as shadow rapporteur on the troubled eu-canada trade deal ( ceta ) , mois\u0103 took a stand and resigned from this position in 2016 over canada 's refusal to grant visa-free travel to romanians . 
   glenis willmott - go to a european socialist meeting these days , and the people attending will want to know what u.k. labour leader jeremy corbyn thinks and what he will do next . 
  willmott knows -- because she is a bridge to europe 's most in-demand socialist . 
   tanja fallon - fajon got within a hair 's breadth of becoming slovenia 's european commissioner in 2014 . 
  she is number three in the socialists ' internal pecking order , and very well connected to newer eu countries , candidate countries and across the brussels bubble . 
  slovenian opinion polls show her to be highly visible and one of the most popular political figures in the country , which is unusual for an mep . 
  why do these 3 matter and figure in the top 40 ? 
  why 's that sad ? 
  plenty of hockey clubs in switzerland , and rank # 7 is n't bad . 
  germany and uk are troublesome ? 
  why ca n't they just log a newer forest ? 
  birmingham/wolverhampton area ( west midlands ) being beige does n't surprise me . 
  last i heard wolvo was 10 % unemployment . 
  new area i moved to has so many more jobs going . 
  makes a huge difference that one used to be heavy manufacturing ( same with other beige areas of uk ) and the other diversified . 
  even 30 years later the gap 's still there . 
  ... why ? 
  got ta give them time to catch up you know . 
  i 've found that when they close the roads for an event you ca n't navigate around slow people because there 's so many people there !, 
  car free cities would be amazing though . 
  they 'll all be syrian , even the somalians lol . 
  india , us , norway , switzerland , iceland work alright . 
   the council president added that the only alternative to the eu was `` political chaos , the return to national egoisms , and in consequence , the triumph of anti-democratic tendencies , which can lead to history repeating itself '' . 
  they can make good arguments for the eu but this is bad argument . 
   mostly single men < 25 y.o. , no relationship and either living with parents or alone .
