  us funded the ira ... 
  so i do n't want them meddling any further !, 
  i 'm surprised they do n't put their kit on at the venue . 
  been years since i 've played but i used to sweat buckets wearing hockey gear . 
  they look well pleased though . 
   since january 2015 , macedonia has survived an unprecedented combination of security threats ; these include an ongoing political crisis sparked by an attempted coup , a narrowly-averted terrorist plot ( a threat which credible intelligence indicates may return ) , and finally the refugee/migrant crisis , in which the equivalent of half of the national population transited the country in under a year . 
  any one of these threats could have destabilized any other country , but macedonia is not any other country . 
  that is a lot for a country to take on in a year . 
   foreign diplomats have mistakenly assumed that their ability to turn people against each other based on political differences gives them similar superpowers across all levels of society . 
  however , macedonians will not accept participation in any adventures that could compromise their family and national security . 
  i 'm sure the elites are looking for any rifts to exploit the people by turning them on each other . 
   another psychological factor that must be considered is the fact that for the last 25 years , macedonians have been continually blockaded , vetoed , lied to and betrayed by foreign ` allies ' and neighbors . 
  they do not have any reason to trust anyone , and thus they do not . 
  given its difficult history , macedonia has decided not to entrust its own security to any outside forces . 
  this applies to most of the balkans i 'm sure , though greece constantly complaining about the country name does n't help . 
  georgia the country does n't bitch about georgia the us state , macedonia the province should stop bitching about macedonia the country . 
   most fundamentally , regarding policy , macedonian leaders know that germany and the eu can not even guarantee any migration deals they may reach - whether for macedonia or anyone else . 
  this is because everything ultimately depends on their own ability to negotiate with turkish president erdo\u011fan , who can open the floodgates of migrants that would totally destabilize europe whenever he chooses . 
  everybody knows these migrants do n't want to stay in macedonia . 
  heck some do n't even want to stay in france !, 
  i moved to the dark shaded area of the uk in 1st week of november 2015 . 
  2 weeks later i got a job . 
  lots of opportunities but the pay is n't all that great . 
  i received a reply . 
   correction , feb. 11 , 2016 : balkan states are , at least intermittently , permitting refugees from syria , iraq , and afghanistan to continue moving westward . 
  an earlier version of this article said the baltic states were doing so . 
  i emailed them about it . 
  it is two-speed . 
  we 're just speeding away . 
  they better pay then ... 
  i heard that czech republic hired foreign workers ( mongolians ) for low paid work pre-2007 . 
  do they still do this ? 
  lol . 
  isis bombings only attack akps rivals and kurds and erdogan 's son buys isis oil . 
  but you 're at war . 
  sure , we all believe that ... 
   i have developed a general , non personal , hatred for england . 
  but not the other countries of the uk ? 
  hate us all you want , your generalisations make it pointless to argue with you . 
  crazy to see how much of it he can lose . 
  not sure why he did n't declare though as it was painstakingly obvious haha . 
   five people , including general christian piquemal , former head of the foreign legion , will pass in immediate appearance in court monday , feb. 8 of boulogne-sur-mer , following their arrest saturday at calais during a gathering hostile to migrants prohibited by the prefecture . 
   the general , designated as having `` the leading role '' in this event , will be charged with `` participation in an unlawful assembly which has not dissolved after summons . '', 
  `` it is well known that the demonstration was banned and the state authority was challenged . 
  the general did not come to calais to make up the numbers , `` said the prosecutor of boulogne-sur-mer , jean-pierre valensi . 
   the other four individuals will be prosecuted for `` illegal carrying of weapons . '', 
  controlled before the event , they were wearing tasers , brass knuckles and cutters . 
  `` these , even if they have not participated in the event , since they have been checked before , they were there to do battle , '' a judicial source said . 
   christian piquemal , 75 , a four-star general in the french army , is no longer in active service . 
  however , he held senior positions : member of the military office of the first three socialist ministers , between 1989 and 1992 , the foreign legion commander from 1994 to 1999 and president of the national union of paratroopers . 
   the general , officer of ` la l\u00e9gion d\u2019honneur ' and commander of ` l\u2019ordre national du m\u00e9rite ' , was at the front of saturday 's demonstration . 
  the rally resulted in clashes with the security forces before being dispersed with loads of police and tear gas . 
  twenty people were arrested . 
   saturday night , the extreme right were insurgents , on social networks , against the arrest of general santos . 
  members of the national front , marion mar\u00e9chal-le pen and gilbert collard , have assured their support . 
   `` this is shocking given its status and age , regardless of the event , said meanwhile florian philippot , vice president of the fn . 
  i differentiate this general of the event , he served france , there is consideration to be had for him . '', 
   unwilling to be assimilated to pegida or other radical movements , the front national is generally stayed out of protests against the migrants . 
  `` there is an anti immigration party , the front . 
  rather than protest must vote , `` argues mr philippot . 
  this has not prevented gilles pennelle , the representative of the party in britain to call himself to take to the street during the regional campaign . 
   pegida , european patriots against the islamization of the west , the extreme right movement born in germany in the fall of 2014 , had called for demonstrations on saturday in several european countries . 
  this and they want 3 years experience for entry level jobs . 
  how can a language have so much use for the letter z ? 
  eurozone policy and eu policy are not one and the same . 
  in the 2011 census we had 1,625,421 people identify themselves as ( british ) bengali or ( british ) pakistani . 
  in the 2001 census that number was 1,030,348 . 
  source - [ ons ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demography_of_the_united_kingdom#ethnicity ) ( wiki link ) in both pakistan and bangladesh there is rampant corruption ( even slavery in pakistan ) and atheists such as myself are executed for our beliefs . 
  seeing their numbers almost double in 10 years and seeing electoral fraud , groomings and bogus colleges emerge from their community does n't sit well with me . 
  from the article ,  the highest percentage of muslims is east london 's tower hamlets [ is n't that the place that had mass voter fraud at the last election ? 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-england-london-32428648 ), 
  the rest use european union flags because they see themselves as european first , not british . 
  there 's varying levels of nationalism on the subreddit with people using england , scotland , northern ireland , wales , basque , catalonia , etc. 
  as their flair instead of their country . 
  does n't matter anyway ... pakistanis and indians will still come into the country by the thousands every year on student visas to bogus colleges then go missing . 
  or they 'll pretend to be [ romanian ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zgv6njidmim )  the man who claimed to be romanian has since absconded . 
  very enlightening . 
  thank you . 
  hopefully it gains exposure in western media but i 'm not holding my breath . 
  they should be tried as adults . 
  so many pass themselves as minors to avoid serious prosecution . 
  given that he went missing on the 25th of january 2016 i fail to see how it 's related to the uprising . 
  i like canadians and canada , but no idea about their government . 
  i dated a woman from canada 's berlin for a while and regularly skype group call with 3 crazy quebecois . 
  i 've never been to canada but documentaries and films shot there make me want to visit . 
  i 'd love to go in the summer . 
  most canadians i 've met have been polite people and the only thing i can think of that annoys me about canada is the mistreatment of the natives up north . 
  i dunno , maybe i do n't feel like working for 9 quid an hour so some corrupt poor eu states can bloat infrastructure projects . 
  if you wan na help them why do n't you ask the danish government to pay more , perhaps even pay on our behalf . 
  there was a link in the article to the un arab human development report with pdfs . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.palestineremembered.com/download/undp/englishversion/ar-human-dev-2002.pdf ) is one . 
  on page 92 of the pdf it says :  the position of arab countries is also unsatisfactory with respect to cultural heritage and creativity . 
  in the case of heritage , arab countries lack the means of controlling their old and new information assets , including scripts , documents , films , voice and video recordings , music and songs . 
  most of these resources have not been digitized . 
  as for new creative content , arab countries suffer a serious shortage in its production . 
  the rate of film production has dropped from hundreds to scores . 
  most of the material transmitted on arab tv channels is imported . 
  similarly , arab news agencies with some recent exceptions , import most of their reports from the four major news agencies , almost becoming sub-agencies . 
  there are no reliable figures on the production of books , but many indicators suggest a severe shortage of writing ; a large share of the market consists of religious books and educational publications that are limited in their creative content . 
  the figures for translated books are also discouraging .
