  i thought so too lol , but if only 19 % answered that i guess a lot more take it far too seriously . 
  well it would be good to have the whole of the balkans in the eu . 
  at the moment it makes it difficult for greece and bulgaria to grow because of the weak land transport links . 
  there are plans to build stronger transport links in bulgaria to both greece and romania . 
  the amount of crossings between bulgaria and romania is surprisingly low , and the roads from bucharest to ruse are n't that good . 
  now if serbia was in the eu and both serbia and bulgaria were in schengen we could easily transport goods from bulgaria to central europe . 
  macedonia , kosovo and bosnia are decades away from joining the eu though . 
  serbia will be held up by kosovo whether they like it or not so realistically montenegro and albania will be next join . 
  also i 'd like to see both bulgaria and romania in schengen . 
  they meet the requirements to join and having them outside it just hampers their growth . 
  they were turks no ? 
  i dont understand why they even qualified for asylum . 
   one in five brits ( 19 % ) are viewing the show to make fun of it , while a mere 9 % will be watching because they actually like the music . 
  must admit that in my household it 's a sort of family event where we can all get together to see who can rip on and make the best jokes out of the contestants . 
  russian tourists, 
  sea-watch again ... 
  they use erasmus funds to help with this people smuggling . 
  i 'll take the new forest over lake district myself , but i ca n't deny it is stunning up there . 
  with some users it is quite obvious that they are a t_d user posting to rile people up or push an agenda ; however i went through gaivs posting history and its all / r/europe , / r/ireland , / r/catholicism and / r/poland . 
  it helps to check post history before making accusations like that . 
  * has a massive portuguese community * has some of the worst toilets i have ever seen ( on the autoroute they pass off holes in the ground as toilets ... ) * lots of interesting culture and minority language areas * maupassant was from here and he was just one of many amazing authors that came out of france ( he was my favourite though ) * comic book scene is just fantastic . 
  mangas and anime too . 
  * la casse de brice ( i still do this , dont judge me too harshly please ) * retarded counting system . 
  septante/huitante/nonante make much more sense . 
  * lyon is wonderful . 
  in 4 visits i still feel like i have tons to explore . 
  * paris smells awful , possibly even worse than rome . 
  * marseille ... the people here are very welcoming or borderline terrifying depending on what you say . 
  * so much parody . 
  guignoles de l'info and fatal bazooka are highlights of my early teen years . 
  * tied with the uk in second place for the ability to take the piss out of itself/other regions of the country . 
  uk does take the piss out of ireland and france out of belgium so i 'd have to give first place to italy who really take the piss out of themselves like nobody else . 
  * will be the only nuclear power in the eu soon . 
  * home to the legendary french foreign legion . 
  * has surprisingly good relations with other francophone nations even without having a ` commonwealth ' . 
  the only wine i buy . 
  * st-tropez beach is great , went there for holiday 3 years in a row and even saw people hunting wild boar on the drive there ( near cannes if im not mistaken ) * is possibly getting rid of th circumflex accent , peut-\u00eatre ? 
  * uses ` mais putain ' instead of for fuck 's sake . 
  often abbreviated to putin or put1 . 
  just got home after watching the guardians of the galaxy 2 . 
  figured nothing could top that in hilarity this week . 
  popped on reddit , saw this and boy was i wrong . 
  who do they think they 're kidding ? 
   paris and warsaw have pushed for the inclusion of post-brexit annual farm payments lol . 
   greece asked that the uk also honour political commitments it made to fund refugee programmes in turkey . 
  lol !, 
  france ( a country with a similar size and gdp to us ) could triple their contribution and we 'd still be giving more than them . 
   as well as adding $ 10bn - $ 15bn of mainly farm - related payments , the commission 's tougher approach denies london a share of assets such as buildings . 
  significantly , it requires upfront payment for contingent guarantees and loans to countries such as ukraine and portugal , with britain being reimbursed as the loans are repaid . 
  oh yes , ca n't wait to be reimbursed by ukraine . 
  they are n't known for skimping out on their bills , no sir . 
  good luck with that juncker . 
  can we bet ? 
  i will bet # 50 that macron wins , if i am wrong i will pay that into the paypal account of your choice . 
  what 'd you say ? 
  aha , no i did indeed mean fptp . 
  well spotted , i often mistakenly muddle them up . 
  voter apathy is higher than anything else . 
  fptp is a shite system but the biggest parties spread so much bullshit about it that people voted against it . 
  i will vote lib dems on thursday , and i will vote lib dems next month but its futile . 
  my area has voted conservative for over 100 years . 
  plenty of talent in the uk and the uk has very strong soft power . 
  yeah you can buy romanian wine here from asda for less than a fiver . 
  i dont buy alcohol at tesco . 
  within a decade montenegro will be part of the eu and common market so i 'm sure they can find others to sell their wine to . 
  about a year ago the uk government came to that conclusion with eritrea . 
  http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-32411352  but new home office guidance released in march suggests only those who have been politically active in their opposition to the eritrean government are likely to be at risk of harm for leaving eritrea illegally if they go back to the country . 
  meh , with the big number of people in the country with at least one parent from a foreign country it would not surprise me if there was a pretty big number who would be capable of speaking french . 
  turks should n't be treated like that in the uk . 
  if you 're smart ( sounds like it ) you 'll be welcome here with open arms . 
  for the uk it 'd probably hover around 40 % . 
  how come your entire post history is just racist anti-immigrant stuff when you yourself are an immigrant ? 
  muslims like erdogan ? 
  caricature a religion - wtf does that have to do with / r/europe ? 
  caricature a follower a religion - wtf does that have to do with / r/europe ? 
  caricature a politician of any european country - upvotes . 
  these figures only go to the 4th quarter of 2015 , but it looks bleak for us . 
   it would be too late by 2022 . 
  thousands of migrants arrive every week . 
   and they breed like rats  its ok , they are inbreeding so hard that they will devolve back into actual rats . 
  how is that subreddit not quarantined ? 
  i have a couple of disappointed fillon voters from pully , vaud on facebook . 
  nobody else seems to be even talking about it . 
  two wrongs dont make a right . 
  ca n't they all just go away ? 
  yeah it would be nice . 
  it 's not even difficult to find out who they are . 
  how ? 
  the lower house would not support him . 
  he needs to stay active but someone else needs to lead and try to implement his more realistic ideas . 
  macron can work with the french lower house easily since he is centrist . 
  melenchon , though i like some of his ideas , would n't be able to do that with a country poised to shift to the right this election . 
  not a chance lol . 
  this is the thing with wilders , le pen and swedish democrats . 
  they are too toxic and in an election with more than 2 choices they may have the ` best ' numbers but when people have to choose favourites between them and someone else they will always be the last chosen . 
  they attack a portion of their citizens , have very ambiguous policies ( marine wants to deport people who were born in france , to where ? 
  ) , they have fishy backing , marred in scandals and little to no political experience . 
  when it comes to the lower house fn could get more than the 2 mps they have now , but they will not get the presidency . 
  they would drop him so fast if he said that . 
  he can run again in 5 years with a good clean slate .
