  great news . 
  the chav gangs and afro-caribbean gangs in london decided this was safer than carrying knives because of lax laws . 
  i assume we 'll see an increase in knife crime but if the met get to stop and search ( probably racial profiling again ) then crime should fall . 
  maybe this will even dent the surging moped crime . 
  pharmaceuticals . 
  i do n't think that we 'll end up with bare larders , but i do think that we will see a decline in food standard . 
  even though the eu is protectionist when it comes to agriculture and food imports , the quality of food from the eu ( and the imports it does take ) are held to a high standard due to various eu laws and regulations . 
  farmers are going to face immense pression for a suitable labourforce though . 
  would this military schengen apply to nato members who are n't in schengen ? 
  ( eg canada or montenegro ) would they have ` schengen rights ' to pass through non-nato aligned countries like austria ? 
  the french and germans should probably get a mention there even if you are being facetious . 
  napoleonic code and the printing press are/were serious advancements in european civilisation . 
  i do n't give a shit about your baseless 2nd . 
  gen immigrant shit , given that pretty much every 1st world country has an issue with organised crime . 
  mafia , gangsters , yakuza , triads or just other noname scum . 
  what i am interested in is how does a man with previous criminal offences get his hands on a m16 in germany . 
  he could be italian , he could be russian for all i care . 
  he 's just another lowbreed criminal failure . 
  also ` culturally the same as us ' as if shootings and murder didnt ' happen before migrants . 
  dude went after his stepdad with a m16 . 
  given he had been in germany for 26 years it 's more a question of where did this gun come from rather than immigrant/islam related . 
  the downvoting in this thread just shows some nationalists were triggered , and heavily at that . 
   i 've personally encountered many british people who do n't know that ireland is fully separated to the uk . 
  not only is this anecdotal but it 's complete horseshit . 
  where have you encounted these people ? 
  i am british , i live in england and work alongside british people and for the majority of people i talk to ireland never even comes up in conversation . 
  they do n't care about you . 
  we do n't think ireland is n't fully seperated , we just blank you in favour of other countries . 
  please though share some stories of these brits you 've met who think ireland and the uk never seperated , i 'm actually kind of pissed off to even read that . 
  i do n't want to defend russia here but switching from being dependent on russia to being dependent on iran is n't really going to do azerbaijan any favours and if russia starts to tilt the current situation in armenia 's favour it could be a real shitshow for azeris . 
  i forget which year , either 2012 or 2013 but my dad was offered a job in vilnius for pmi / phillip morris international . 
  there and krakow are the big hotspots for pmi outside of switzerland as far as i know . 
  but yes , you 're right there would n't be much reason for a british citizen to move to lithuania otherwise unless they had some level of family ties . 
  if a child is born to a lithuanian couple in the uk and moves to lithuania they would count in these stats i presume . 
  i dunno about that honestly . 
  the uk has taken in many migrant waves in the last century . 
  ( white ) russians , latvians and lithuanians at the end of ww1 , czechs , poles and slovaks during & after ww2 and hungarians in 1956 . 
  you can find high public officials with clear polish last names but just due to freedom of movement does n't mean they want to emigrate back to poland today . 
  actually it means afghan , pakistani , indian , sri lankan and bangladeshi . 
  others are called south-east asians , far-east asians or just by their actual origin . 
  when the media uses ` asian ' they are usually talking about afghans , pakistanis and bangaladeshis though . 
  a little sad to see nestea instead of rivella for switzerland :(, 
   danish citizenship test  you must get at least 32 questions correct to pass . 
   your score : 72 % ( 29 points out of 40 ) i know pretty much nothing at all about denmark so lucky guesses really helped . 
  [ this only goes up to june 2016 ] ( https://www.ons.gov.uk/resource?uri=/peoplepopulationandcommunity/populationandmigration/internationalmigration/bulletins/migrationstatisticsquarterlyreport/dec2016/2a15c919.png ) but it shows eu migration in 3 waves eu15 , eu8 and eu2, 
   the right of eu citizens working in britain to send child benefits to their children living abroad , even if they are born after brexit why should we have to pay for kids born in foreign countries who never even stepped foot here , after brexit has happened ? 
  i really wish people would stop shitting on the italians and their government . 
  they are stuck between a rock and a hard place due to laws and geography . 
  * [ at sea , if you see a ship or person in distress you must help . 
  ] ( https://www.sealaw.com/maritime-law-cruise-ships-and-assistance-for-distressed-boaters/ ) * [ libya is in a civil war and is not safe to deport/return migrants to . 
  italy tried this and they were fined by the european court for human rights . 
  ] ( http://www.loc.gov/law/foreign-news/article/european-court-of-human-rights-italy-sanctions-result-in-review-of-immigration-policy/ ) * [ tunisia refused to set up asylum centres to ease the burden for italy . 
  ] ( http://www.telesurtv.net/english/news/tunisia-refuses-to-ease-europes-refugee-burden-amid-criticism-20170214-0012.html ) * [ officially , algeria refuses to open migrants ' camps . 
  in 2004 , former head of diplomacy , abdelaziz belkhadem , stated he was `` against '' the eu proposition to open transit camps in north africa . 
  ] ( http://www.middleeasteye.net/news/taboo-migrants-algeria-707071868 ) * [ eu complains about difficulties in deporting migrants to pakistan ] ( https://www.dawn.com/news/1235692 ) what can italy do ? 
  over 100 ' 000 of them arrive every year . 
  a few ` accomplishments ' have been managed so far such as . 
  * [ germany set to deport 12 000 of the 37 000 nigerians in germany this year after deal struck with nigeria . 
  italy can deport nigerians now as well . 
  ] ( https://guardian.ng/news/germany-to-deport-12000-nigerian-asylum-seekers/ ) * [ eu clears deal for unlimited deportation of afghan refugees . 
  this deal applies to all eu countries . 
  ] ( http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2016/10/eu-deal-clears-deportation-unlimited-afghan-refugees-161004132025865.html ) * [ sweden wo n't suspend deportations of afghan asylum seekers ] ( https://news-h24.com/sweden-wont-suspend-deportations-of-afghan-asylum-seekers/ ) so where does that leave us ? 
  we have problems with migrants from morocco , algeria , nigeria , bangladesh , pakistan , afghanistan , sudan , somalia , eritrea , niger and the ivory coast . 
  since the eu-turkey deal the number of migrants from syria and iraq has decreased , and iraqis who came from south east iraq are being deported . 
  what the eu needs are not only deportation agreements but ways to manage the migrants already here . 
  the deal with afghanistan is great , but we only accomplished that because afghanistan is so reliant on aid from the eu that when we threated to withdraw it we could impose any condition we wanted . 
  we do n't have that leverage in africa . 
  however we can strike up deals in africa in two ways and apply pressure in another . 
  we can apply pressure by limiting the amount of schengen entry visas to countries that do not accept back migrants , and count the migrants towards this target . 
  example ; let 's say that if 30 000 algerians land in the eu and the visa scheme is limited to 10 000 , all algerian businessmen and other wealthy people will be refused entry to the schengen area . 
  they will hopefully pressure their government to accept their migrants back . 
  or * we can make it easier for wealthier and better educated algerians to move here legally in exchange for deportation of their low-skilled criminals * we can open up the common market to algerian exports in exchange for deportation of their low-skilled criminals . 
  how can we help italy ? 
  * we can take some of their recognised legitimate refugees off their hands . 
  * we can fund bigger and better facilities in italy to detain migrants for deportation * we can send personel to speed up the procession of asylum claims within italy . 
  * we can build a comprehensive database of migrants who land in italy ( via fingerprinting ) which is then linked across all eu&eea states . 
  * we can help fund the eu mission for longer to alleviate the burden on the italian navy . 
  * we can crack down on ngos , vigilantes and smugglers by increasing training funds for the libyan navies ( both governments . ), 
  letting people drown at sea without processing their claim for asylum is wrong , but leaving these people to roam schengen unopposed to steal , rape , trespass and form gangs is fucking stupid . 
  instead of yelling at italy when their hands are tied by the law , why do n't we build up more asylum camps in italy and all pitch in to fund the fight against smuggling ? 
  v4 could help the rest of the eu into finding a way to get these third world countries to take their migrants back , even if that means using visa refusal blackmail . 
  i hope that it does n't take a war to weld the eu together , but i do agree that there are some similarities . 
  one of the things i admired in switzerland , and admire even more now that i live in the uk is the way that the cantons link together . 
  lausanne ( vaud ) is seat to the federal supreme court ( tribunal f\u00e9d\u00e9ral / bundesgericht ) . 
  so french-speaking switzerland the federal patent court is in st gallen in the north east , so german-speaking switzerland . 
  the federal criminal court is in bellinzona ( ticino ) in italian-speaking switzerland . 
  the government sits in bern ( e ) , but does not take away from the importance of zurich , geneva or basel . 
  i look at the uk and i notice that london is home to the overwhelming majority of the country 's institutions . 
  in the eu more & more of the directives are being placed into a few select countries at the expense of others . 
  there are 28 countries in the eu but i 'd say less than half of them have any sort of significance in the eu . 
  in contrast , most swiss cantons are significant or are not far from a significant swiss institution . 
  reading back , i sort of droned on a bit but i hope that i made sense . 
  i did most of my early schooling in a swiss public school and the reason we were taught was that the conflicts that raged between cantons due in large part to bigger powers caused a lot of death and destruction . 
  for the vaudois it was often french influences helping them fight the bernese invaders who were backed by austrian influences . 
  in 1815 the outside powers agreed to stop meddling in switzerland and the cantons who had been killing each other finally stopped . 
  sure switzerland was spared most of the ww1 & 2 ravages , but neutrality came on the back of hundreds of years of infighting and destruction . 
  if you went to places like payerne , cully , vully , pully , lutry , vidy or chillon you could find lots of history and probably find battlesites where swiss folk hacked down other swiss folk on command of countries who did n't care about them . 
  is that some troll picture ? 
  serbia and montenegro when there is a montenegro , and jersey but no guernsey ? 
  / r/europe is ranked 39th for activity and 56th for number of subscribers , that 's good no ?
