  under the top country of origin you can see that they 're a lighter shade of red as well as there are many repeat attempts . 
  there 's worse than saudi ... http://atlas.cid.harvard.edu/explore/tree_map/export/ago/all/show/2013/, 
  ukraine, 
  you could start by objectively outlining the costs and benefits of being in the eu . 
  i 'm in the 18-30 bracket and i 'm undecided , though leaning on ` exit ' unless some serious bureaucratic reforms take place . 
  i do n't want more `` opt-outs '' . 
  yes , amazing idea . 
  amidst a rising hiv rate in russia , make it intimidating for any teenager to go seek help . 
  good idea fellas !, 
  bunch of mugs taking in asylum shoppers . 
  engels is n't german though . 
  i 'll be voting lib dems again as well , i hope we gain some seats what with labour being unelectable . 
  http://www.mann4bassetlaw.com/john_mann_mp_reveals_massive_european_health_bill_for_uk better source for you . 
   all the cool stuff comes from uk . 
  except things like sis kebab , turkish delights , manti , baklava & doner kebab . 
  lib dems all the way . 
  the tally is n't completely over , but right now it is 58,914,866 for trump and 59,036,741 for hillary . 
  most precincts that have n't reported their popular vote yet are in democrat safe places . 
  russia has been in a constant state of paranoia since napoleon so they would never trust another country . 
  this is unlike me , but i think that europe needs to consolidate its army and begin working with belarus , moldova , serbia , ukraine , bosnia & herzegovina and ( fyro ) macedonia on security measures . 
  serbia recently held drills with russia as they saw their brothers over in montenegro hold one with nato . 
  we need a united europe more than ever to face a potential eastern threat . 
  the republicans could very well cause more problems in the middle east and we 've seen that greece aside , non-eu poorer balkan states became a passageway to the eu for all sorts of people . 
  we ca n't let that happen again . 
  that username , redditor for 22 days and your top 10 posts are in the_donald . 
  not remotely surprised . 
  are you are fluent in polish ? 
  it 's missing poland . 
  he beat the mafia out , then had the police work as the mafia . 
  you had to pay protection to the mafia before he came into power , after he got into power you had to pay the police or they would plant drugs/weapons at the business or your home . 
  should someone make a bot for every time the term ` irish sea ' gets mentioned ? 
  the thing is , we do n't care . 
  they are called the british isles . 
  build a bridge and get over it . 
  the marches of the xenophobic pensioners for brexit through remain-strong london will be quite amusing to watch though . 
  the irish will get over it . 
  if we scrap triple lock and winter fuel payments that all the pensioners enjoy the number of people pushing for hard brexit would plummet . 
  looks good to me . 
  so china has already set aside 10 billion euros for the project and invested more than $ 5 billion in cee over the past year . 
  when volvo was sold to the chinese people were worried but they 're doing better than they were plus they now have a luxury export market to china . 
  is this the same china he wants to tax at 25 % for all imports ? 
  i 'm sure they love him !, 
  write it on the calendar that you put next to the fridge . 
  sadly starting to look like that all over . 
  since 2015 more moroccans are in jail in italy than romania , due to terrorism related offences . 
  azeddine kbir bounekoub , hicham chaib and soufiane mezroui are not the most belgian sounding names out there . 
   mustapha lahnachi ( moroccan ) is wanted for escaping from ittre prison . 
  he took a guard hostage with a weapon and is still on the run . 
  ( fugitive situation )  hayk terterian ( armenian ) is wanted for multiple aggravated rapes and assaults in ostende town centre from october 2011 to august 2012 . 
   soufiane mezroui ( belgian ) joined sharia4belgium before leaving for syria to join al-nusra . 
   gabriel fodderie ( belgian ) was part of a black street gang called ` black demolitions ' . 
  he is wanted for fatally stabbing a rival gangmember to death and for a home invasion in which he tied up the victim and threatened them with a knife before escaping with jewels and cash . 
   mohamed aissa ( moroccan ) is wanted for stabbing to death a woman during a robbery in brussels . 
   hicham chaib ( belgian ) joined sharia4belgium before leaving for syria to join al-nusra . 
  he allegedly joined isis at a later date . 
   nicolas theodorou ( nationality undeclared ) is wanted for the murder of two car salesmen in 1999 in hensies . 
   rouf uddin ( bangladeshi ) is wanted for the murder of malika soussi committed in ixelles . 
   hilde van acker ( belgian ) is wanted for the murder of british tourist marcus john mitchell in may 1996 . 
   asif bachir ( pakistani ) is wanted for the murders of mohammad youssaf and tuncay kartal in august 1996 . 
   artur nawrocki ( belgian ) is wanted for being the leader of a multi national drug smuggling gang . 
  roughly 1.4 tons of mdma were seized from his laboratories . 
   jamal el hayani ( algerian ) is wanted for forging fake documents and human trafficking . 
   dmitrj shtil ( russian ) is wanted for an armed robbery on a convenience store and of the fatal shooting of the store manager . 
   abdelmajid lamrani ( moroccan ) is wanted for the murder of yasmine ben hadi in 1997 . 
   kassim geibi ( iraqi ) is wanted for the murder and robbery of patrick clavereau committed in july 2000 . 
   marc de block ( belgian ) is wanted for drug related offences . 
   azeddine kbir bounekoub ( belgian ) joined sharia4belgium before leaving for syria to join al-nusra . 
   crisanto pinkihan attolba ( filipino ) is wanted for the murder of raul simeon committed on 2nd of october 2005 . 
  the deceased was beaten to death . 
   eric robert de cocq van delwijnen ( dutch ) is wanted for attempted murder . 
   jean-claude lacote ( french ) is wanted for the murder of british tourist marcus john mitchell in may 1996 . 
  then your statement is redundant . 
  if they make it a whipped vote then there is no brexit . 
  labour/libdem/green / snp were against brexit . 
  have you ever seen him live ? 
  he 's pretty bad . 
  england had been united for ~ 100 years and the capital was in [ winchester ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/winchester ) before the norman invasion . 
   on tuesday night riot police were called to the camp when fighting broke out between eritrean christian and afghan muslim teenagers . 
  police said about 100 youths were involved . 
  surely they were merely exchanging a pinch and a punch for the first of the month . 
  stink, 
  in a way i can understand that certain expressions do not make sense , especially any that came from slang . 
  if i said to a chinese international student ` man , he really pen and ink do n't he ? ', 
  i 've got no hope they 'll understand me . 
  however , in the article ;  unsure of the word , the recipient found two contradictory meanings in his dictionary . 
  he acted on the wrong one . 
  why not just ask the person who gave the confusing statement to clarify themselves ? 
  i am not a native french speaker and qu\u00e9becois friends throw me off all the time . 
  i just ask them to explain what they mean . 
  lithuanian criminals seem to love the uk to commit crimes , usually it 's auto theft . 
  romania remains unchanged and is now the lowest in the eu shown there , yet they more than doubled the amount of money they invest . 
  when a polish person speaks i barely understand any of it , if any at all . 
  i dunno how it is between ukrainian and polish but i would n't say english and polish are all that similar . 
  your posts always make me chuckle and smile at work . 
  thanks . 
  send them to russia, 
  we should let them do it so long as it happens after we leave since it 'll benefit us . 
  it 'll screw over ireland , the netherlands and bulgaria but that ai n't our problem . 
  two wrongs do n't make a right . 
  there is abuse and serious issues within the pakistani community in britain ( i 've actually discussed this before ) but for example [ this ] ( http://www.mirror.co.uk/news/uk-news/elderly-muslim-man-racially-abused-7340086 ) is not on .
