  this might sound like a `` troll '' but they should look for an easy passage of the qu ` ran to teach kids to memorise . 
  in a few attacks they let people leave if they could recite a verse from the book . 
  they will hang him if he goes back to iraq . 
  i thought they were urinals . 
  thatcher and bae sucked up to the ksa and stopped investigations in the 90s to not upset the ksa . 
  yet another wonderful thing thatcher did fot us . 
  the corruption settlement for bae is a joke and took way too long . 
  some would say that at least we screwed the french over but since the 1950s we 've been very close allies . 
  that 's great but germany should invest in their infrastructure and military a little more . 
  is this the same president who went to dj at a nightclub in finland ? 
  so the coast ** guard ** used force to defend the coast ? 
  i am happy/proud to be british so i would n't choose to be born elsewhere but if i had to i 'd choose to be born in french switzerland or in portugal . 
  there 's the times and the dailymail on sunday . 
  rest is pretty much utter shit . 
  we do n't need war . 
  we need to destroy rupert murdoch 's hold on the media and wait for old people to finally die off . 
  immediately following the referendum i was very angry and i signed petitions for a new referendum ( which they threw out ) . 
  the compromise i want is as close to the current eu as politicians can sell to the 52 % who voted out . 
  they will riot into immigrant areas . 
  polls showed those who voted leave were generally less educated and some of the post referendum stupidity such as stopping muslims by turning away from a largely atheist/christian eu to the commonwealth countries ( like pakistan , bangladesh & india ) instead . 
  i do fear the racist attacks will flare up . 
  media is certainly not helping with that . 
  edit : sorry that i ca n't source anything at the moment . 
  i 'm on mobile . 
  i see . 
  400 odd broke through into france at the border with italy at the start of the month so i guess that 's the new route . 
  italy -  france/switzerland -  belgium -  germany, 
  if it does n't happen there will be riots . 
  whilst most young people who voted voted to remain , it 's estimated that 1 in 4 voted for leave . 
  this whole discourse about respecting `` the will of the people . '', 
  will anger many if nothing comes of it . 
  i voted remain but i hope we can reach a compromise that pleases the majority . 
  wishful thinking really . 
  otherwise we just have to wait for a lot of old folk to die so brexiteers become the minority . 
  white people are not a minority in their cities ... look at the countries those foreign born in canada are from . 
  12.3 % are from england for instance and another big percentage from scotland ... 
  do n't more germans work in switzerland than swiss work in germany ? 
  illegals passing through switzerland will just go italy -  austria -  germany instead . 
  where did you hear the netherlands would leave the eu to trade with russia . 
  the dutch army is pretty much integrated with the german one and they share a currency with 18 other eu countries . 
  leaving the eu for something so trivial as trading with one distant country would be completely moronic . 
  the medication i took this morning was made in the netherlands ( no , not weed ), 
  who still listens to sweden for advice ? 
  bournemouth is heaving with tourists from middle east , spain and germany . 
  makes traffic a nightmare though . 
  i ca n't imagine how it 'd be for a place like blackpool as it serves as a tourist spot for liverpool , manchester and leeds . 
  we process them for asylum in the uk , in france . 
  if they fail then we do n't have to deal with the arduous task of deporting them ourselves . 
  i couldnt find a link to the afp article sorry . 
  it was a story first ( as far as i can tell ) brokered on the 13th of february 2014 . http://www.reuters.com/article/us-belgium-euthanasia-idusbrea1c0uf20140213 the misinformed picture in the op seems to come from this article from june 2015 : http://www.digitaljournal.com/news/world/europe-court-upholds-decision-to-take-quadriplegic-off-life-support/article/435001, 
  for me , migrants implies people in migration . 
  immigrants or citizens would be those already here . 
  anyway , i think it 's a good idea to give the several million people from the eu who 've made the uk home the right to stay here . 
   `` there 's a shortage of office space in dublin , carrick on shannon is an hour and a quarter from the m50 , '' he told thejournal.ie . 
  would be better suited in portugal in all honesty if thats how far out from dublin they want to move it . 
  no , just siberia . 
  mayotte is part of france , is that tropical ? 
  i told myself that afp would n't make such a stupid mistake of putting ` european union ' at the top . 
  [ here 's the original ] ( http://www.digitaljournal.com/img/1/0/4/8/0/9/3/i/1/9/3/p-large/b06dee80901aeccaa237f90875c1de7e259c0028.jpg ), 
   for one legitimate refugee you have 5 fakers and since they make the unverifiable claim that they come from a country at war they are not sent back . 
  and do n't get me started with the `` minors '' who will stay 17 for as long as it takes to get special treatment . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/4ymxkw/number_of_foreign_visitors_to_france_falls_sharply/d6ppj8l  some people should come live with the 5 scoundrels who will be leaching forever in your country . 
  130 dead nov 13 . 
  85 dead july 14th . 
  inaction has consequences too . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/4ymxkw/number_of_foreign_visitors_to_france_falls_sharply/d6pts95 your own comments , less than a day old . 
  you think we want them ? 
  you think we want lawless people who rob , rape and even fight each other to the death ? 
   take them across a few at a time , no . 
  do n't let them step foot here at all . 
  your sentence is probably making thousands of human rights lawyers salivate at the thought of screwing our government over again and again so we can keep illegals . 
  that 's pretty awesome !, 
  i hope they do something like this in dorset & shropshire next . 
  lots of windy areas that ca n't really be used for anything aside from grazing sheep . 
  possibly the french flag in the bottom right corner of the 2016 image . 
   the report highlighted a 49 percent increase in long-term unemployment among 16 to 24-year-olds from ethnic minority communities since 2011 , compared with a fall of 2 percent for young white people . 
  there are plenty of jobs . 
  they may be absolutely crappy jobs but they 're there . 
   black people remained much more likely to be victims of crime , including murder , and to be more harshly treated in the criminal justice system . 
  blacks kill each other ... 
  the rest is pretty much wishy-washy unsubstantiated crap like '' `` there 's nothing equal about britain at all , '' one black londoner told al jazeera . '', 
  maybe it 's because he lives in london ? 
  britain goes like this : rich london elite , peasants in london , peasants in the rest of the country . 
  the link would be removed from the subreddit . 
   aid agencies say the recent increase can be attributed to an influx of migrants who have travelled from southern europe . 
  was it related to this by any chance ? 
  no king rules forever , my son . 
  the population declines of georgia and latvia look really painful . 
  how will those countries support their elderly when they suffer such brain drain ? 
  russia is predictable to an extent . 
  saudi arabia trying to buy nukes from pakistan has me more concerned than the fact that russia have more nukes than any other country . 
  you omitted a large number of balkan and turk muslims for germany no ? 
  cyprus , greece and bulgaria . 
   remain : continue on the way to the established goal ( european integration ) nobody told me that 's what my remain vote meant . 
  they should free more convicted criminals and imprison more alledged plotters , that will help . 
  oh it was great for business to have over 1 million poles show up in the uk within the first year they had free movement . 
  not quite as good for people trying to place their kids in schools , trying to buy a house or see a doctor . 
  over 1 million poles , 100k lithuanians and others from ee countries all arrived between 2004-2005 and by early 2007 the british economy entered a recession ( caused by us housing bubble ) which had negative effects on many in the uk . 
  they turned their opinion on the newly arrived migrants . 
  1.7 million is a really small amount of money when you really think about it .
