  pakistani people have been targeted in racist bashings since the 1970s ... 
  come see bournemouth and you will see it 's a very international and foreigner friendly place . 
  this drunk moron assaulting someone outside a pub at 5am is not representative of bournemouth at all . 
  yeah he 's tarnishing bournemouth and that pisses me off . 
  he got pinned down by a bunch of people and arrested . 
  what more can we do about it ? 
  it really sucks to see bournemouth in such a shitty light . 
  :( there are quite a lot of foreigners here , given that the university of bournemouth is right nearby , on holdenhurst road for the ebc and lansdowne & dean park for student housing . 
  i also want to point out this happened on may the 19th , a whole month ** before ** the brexit vote , which makes it even worse . 
  most people in bournemouth are open to foreigners and it was good to see the attacker get mobbed and pinned down . 
  you are more than welcome here as foreigners , just avoid yobs at night as fights break out too often , and avoid boscombe entirely ( or dont go further than the kfc ) . 
  netherlands quietly blocks quite a lot of stuff so that 's not overly surprising . 
  estonia and finland were a surprise to me at least . 
  if she 's attempting to undermine the government 's position . 
  / watchpeopledie is the sub , and no idea how it is still up . 
  nothing you can do about it . 
  i 'll get downvoted by eu federalists who have n't the foggiest idea about the dynamics between countries within the uk . 
  i had my flair as england for a bit and the downvotes were even heavier than with the jack . 
  another / the_donald user giving us all an amazing dose of wisdom . 
  moldova benefited a lot by being partnered with north carolina . 
  from the [ wiki ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/north_carolina%e2%80%93moldova_national_guard_partnership ) on their partnership  in 2003 , a ncarng training term provided instruction to moldovan carabinerii ( military police ) and civil police on counter-terrorism . 
  other mil-to-civ projects included -- building a playground , facilitating the donation of two dental chairs to boarding schools , encouraging a series of virtual classes between unc and moldova state medical university . 
  military and civilian medical professionals have teamed up to provide hepatitis a , hepatitis b , chickenpox immunizations and dental treatments to nearly 25,000 moldovan children in boarding schools across the country over the years . 
   in 2013 , the north carolina-moldova state partnership program will support a new mission which will focus on developing the nursing capabilities within the moldovan army and civilian institutions . 
  north carolinians have also privately funded dozens of humanitarian trips to moldova to treat children 's dental needs free-of-charge . 
  several nc organizations have also donated humanitarian aid in the form of medical equipment , water distillers , books , clothing and computers worth over 750,000 usd, 
  detectives with gas masks who were armed ? 
  keep in mind it was a direct quote from a witness it may not be entirely coherent . 
  plain-clothed officers are used to swoop upon a perp without being noticed from a distance . 
  i would 've loved to see the disparity in the uk . 
  moving out in london , the south east of even the home counties when you 're young is a nightmare . 
  you can get a 3 bedroom house for ~ # 120k in wolverhampton or wednesbury in west midlands . 
  when you move down to where i live currently , hampshire county , house prices are ~ # 500k minimum for 3 bedrooms . 
  the wages increased by at best # 1-2k higher in the local area and the london commute is pretty much the same . 
  yep . 
  but scotland hasnt ignored section 30 and declared itself independent from the rest of us . 
  if scotland breaks away without mutual agreement from the uk , any attempt of the eu to meet with scottish politicians will be seen as very insulting to the rest of us living in the uk . 
  relations between the 58.8 million people in the ruk and the eu would sour instantly , all so you ( the eu ) can pick up a country that breaks away without following laws , that has no currency of it 's own who is also running a worse government spending deficit than greece . 
   i moved to slovakia legally . 
   am i an economic migrant ? 
  it 's something you say to someone before you get cross or are about to do something mean which is out of the ordinary for you . 
  it 's used a fair amount . 
  start in calais with your deportations before the ethiopians , sudanese , somalis and the pakistanis get at each others throats again , please . 
  https://wiki.sonnenstaatland.com/wiki/liste_von_reichsideologischen_scheinstaaten not all see themselves as nazis . 
  congratulations on 25 years of independence azerbaijan , here 's to many , many more . 
  italy has the mafia . 
  austria borders ex-yugoslavia states and italy ( check the numbers for all countries bordering them ) . 
  belgium ... maybe extra police to deal with threats to eu facilities . 
  i 'd like this to be a uk wide policy honestly since i 've read up on how it works in finland . 
  however for now it 's just another snp policy they will use to snipe at the rest of the uk , at the expense of the whole uk . 
  they were playing/selling for both sides until their official involvement near the end of the war , kind of like the yanks really . 
  how else would they have kept their neutrality with all the invasions around them ? 
  england , wales and northern ireland will be paying for this . 
  [ nowhere is safe . 
  ] ( http://www.bournemouthecho.co.uk/news/14800578.eight_more_clown_sightings_in_12_hours__say_police/ ), 
  if i remember right she is portuguese , but the constant submissions get so old . 
  [ you seem to have an obsession about our country . 
  i fail to see the relevance . 
  why would they do that ? 
  kinda like those dutch and danish somalis . 
  # 57.90 a week if you live with parents and aged under 25 . 
  fordingbridge  salisbury single is # 5 on morebus . 
  no other buses available . 
  that # 2.50 deal sounds amazing though , how do you get it ? 
  meanwhile my 15 minute bus journey costs # 5 ... 
  please come here flixbus :(, 
   then comes the government . 
   pensioners were n't just shielded from the cuts , but given one of the largest increases to their incomes on record . 
   this was n't even intentional . 
  as iain duncan smith tells me , the `` triple lock '' pledge ( that pensions would rise by at least 2.5 per cent a year ) turned out to cost an extra # 18 billion , more than anyone imagined . 
  this meant even deeper cuts on the working age , especially those trying to move out of welfare . 
   he thinks this is indefensible - but hard to change politically because the old are far more likely to vote `` and the truth is that governments need to get re-elected '' . 
  it ca n't be defended and it should n't be . 
  pensioners have it best of all here . 
  places like clichy-sous-bois on the list ... basically avoid going to any of these areas . 
  suit yourself . 
  [ afriendrs ] ( https://www.youtube.com/user/erasergaming/about ), 
  stellar job romania !, 
  why ca n't romania join schengen ? 
  you can be against russian intervention in ukraine and against funding rebels and against backing a us intervention in syria you know . 
  that 's good to hear ( about the volunteers ) . 
  thanks for that !, 
  do any of them support ending mandatory conscription ? 
  one of my favourite youtubers is lithuanian and he got his letter not that long ago . 
  you have to grow a thick skin if you expect to read comment sections online for long . 
  i do n't mind the uk being criticised , i do n't like the personal attacks , the stereotyping for negative purposes and the constant submissions of anti-uk stuff by people who never comment on the articles they submit . 
  you can also fight fire with fire , but it 's childish . 
  [ here 's one i made which im not overly proud of . 
  cheap shot and whataboutism . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/55tdai/british_troops_to_be_made_exempt_from_european/d8e07re?context=3 ) / u/thefeatheredfish made note of it in this very thread . 
   i do n't think no , you do n't . 
  this would be blocked by spain and maybe even italy . 
  all new eu members are required to eventually use the euro , and you 're not going to be using the british pound if you leave the union . 
   any large cultural differences between the warm hispanic society to the more cultured and lovely european one ? 
  yeah , it 's not just the weather that is cold . 
  most people wo n't talk to you unless it 's their job to . 
  actually accomplishing a goal properly without shifting the goalposts . 
  one amazing side of eu policy is on carbon emission reductions where we ( as a collective eu whole ) smashed the targets . 
  i 'm not going to answer for demostravius as they undoubtedly have a different opinion but i found the military , security , quotas , euro issues ( such as why is sweden still not in it , why is there no central fiscal policy ? ), 
  and schengen issues ( romania and bulgaria meet the requirements ) to resolve .
