  some big disparities in [ changes to disposable income ... ] ( https://i.imgur.com/bkagtr8.jpg ), 
   a valid passport or other document permitting foreign travels , money ( equivalent to at least two base amounts for each day of stay in the foreign currency or belarusian rubles ) , medical insurance in the amount of at least $ 10,000 operational in belarus will be needed for the visa-free entry . 
  seems a little steep . 
  how exactly ? 
  [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/imm85qi.png ) was the thread when i found your comment . 
  please direct me to the circlejerk as i do n't see it . 
  http://www.ansa.it/english/news/lifestyle/arts/2017/01/04/prehistoric-calendar-rock-found-in-gela_363b1cae-c3af-4bc2-b099-d9946949a80e.html better article , it actually shows the real thing and not stonehenge . 
  https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2017-01-04/u-k-consumer-borrowing-surges-most-in-more-than-a-decade this graph shows we 're heading right into an abyss . 
  and for those who think it 'll just be the uk affected when shit hits the fan , you 're in for a surprise . 
  there are plenty of north african descent muslims in french switzerland , and some parts of lausanne are slowly going the ghetto way . 
  i think its more to do with the opportunities they get and the mosques not being totally run by saudis . 
  do they not have many trains in lithuania ? 
  sevran , the same place that produced this piece of [ cinematic gold . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o7iworzvlke ), 
  [ here 's what happens in paris . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/dt8inup90fi?t=2m1s ), 
  a game i play called dofus has a sizeable moroccan community and sadly you hear this sort of idea about spain , france and germany from them . 
  easy jobs , welfare and women who apparently ca n't resist them is what they think they 'll get . 
  most of them are no doubt just losers . 
  most people would n't care . 
  turkish lira is not an important currency when you look at things globally and i am not sure it holds up that much foreign investment . 
  greece was important because it was in the eurozone and other countries money was at stake . 
  argentina collapsed economically not too long ago and pretty much nobody outside of argentina cared ( us hedgefunds did ) . 
  so long as turkey can maintain a decent level of law and order , which they likely will given the large numbers of blind nationalists/akp supporters , they should weather the storm . 
  nato wouldnt care so long as turkey does n't jeopardise their ability to keep russia out of the bosporus strait . 
  okay , who is going to pay for the scottish experiment ? 
   cooke suggests : `` it could be funding from particular trusts , it could be individual philanthropic funding , as we have seen in the states , or it could be a redirection of the existing welfare spend . '' tell your constituents they 'll be having welfare cuts so that others can test ubi or find someone willing to give the government a bunch of money to try it . 
  i do n't really see this working out . 
  pakistanis are only incarcerated 3x as often as anyone else for sex crimes in the uk , though i know a large number have never been caught . 
  edit : like in aylesbury 60 of them were abusing schoolgirls , 6 got convicted . 
  http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-england-beds-bucks-herts-34176106 anyway we may as well amend this comment : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3jvlr3/sharing_a_photo_of_a_dead_syrian_child_isnt/cut7uip/, 
  unaware that 48 people were in the back of his truck ... 
  seems legit . 
  `` villages with high murder rates '' from all those tv shows ? 
  lol, 
  if i remember right ~ 42 % of uk citizens surveyed approved of romania compared to ~ 37 % for russia . 
  [ for the eu27 ( all but ro ) , 44 % approved of russia compared to 41 % for romania . 
  ] ( http://lordashcroftpolls.com/2016/02/14501/ ), 
  well the media like to label us ` remoaners ' . 
  can you post a translation ? 
  they won one of the / r/europe treasure hunts ( well were within the first 10 ) so they were given a star . 
  hindi and mandarin will remain powerful languages but japanese will fade . 
  something like indonesian should surpass it ( given japanese demographics ), 
  algerians , tunisians and moroccans are really overrepresented for every single crime listed . 
  the map basically shows where the british military stepped foot at one time but even then it 's a stretch as a lot of south america is counted as the uk government gave pirates free reign to pillage & rape spanish colonies along the coast . 
  polish energy drinks are cheap as fuck too and taste great . 
  n-gine is like 40p . 
  damn ... rest in peace and my condolences for the families who lost someone . 
  it sucks and it 's made even worse given the timing and circumstances . 
  it is kinda stupid that germany did n't learn that invading a country we have a treaty with is n't something they should do , when they did it again with poland in wwii . 
  there is pretty much no policy and once people enter the schengen zone getting them out is difficult . 
  [ also , this is slightly concerning ] ( http://i.imgur.com/tsnxlv9.png ), 
  was most likely a german , sadly they estimate about 100 british soldiers were killed on christmas day 1914 but at the start of the war there was n't much bad blood between germans and brits , they thought the uk should be on their side against france . 
  my parish has about 6000 people and we have 6 churches . 
  i do n't know any young people ( 35 under ) who attend service in any of them . 
   last i read care to share your reading materials ? 
  title is a little editorialised no ? 
  still made me chuckle though . 
  https://www.theguardian.com/society/2015/oct/01/number-of-uk-workers-on-minimum-wage-expected-to-double-by-2020  the resolution foundation said only one in 50 employees were being paid the minimum wage after it was set at a cautiously low level by tony blair 's government in 1999 . 
   in the years since , the number of workers earning the minimum wage has risen to one in 20 , but is now set to increase to one in nine by 2020 , or 3.2 million people . 
  yes , the number of people on minimum wage is ever increasing . 
  migrants push down wages for unskilled/low skilled work . 
  more !, 
  it 's easy karma points . 
  lol , so the liberal democrats are a right-wing party ? 
   crunch decisions are approaching for italy and its new prime minister , paolo gentiloni . 
   the really difficult decisions are not about who gets which ministry in the new government , or even about the timing of elections , but about how to cope with the problems of some of italy 's banks . 
   on friday last , the european central bank rejected a request from rome to extend the deadline for a proposed private sector-led rescue of monte dei paschi di siena ( mps ) , italy 's oldest and most troubled bank . 
   according to the ` financial times ' , this leaves italy with little option but to trigger a government-led bailout of the bank , which would involve imposing losses on junior bondholders in the bank , many of whom are small savers rather than anonymous financial institutions . 
   ` burning the bondholders ' thus does not have quite the same popular appeal in italy as it had in ireland a few years back . 
   but the burning of bondholders , in a bank that has to be rescued by the taxpayer , is now required by eu rules , and the eu is a rule-based institution . 
  the primacy of rules , rather than of raw power , are what distinguishes the eu from other international arrangements , and are among the reasons eu membership is particularly valued by smaller countries like ireland . 
   the alternative of avoiding a taxpayer-led bailout of mps - by forcing the other italian banks , who are better off , to bail it out - could infect the entire italian banking system and weaken confidence in it . 
  all banking , like all money itself , depends on confidence . 
  as it is , italian banks have only half the capital they need to meet the required safety standards . 
   of course , if the italian economy was growing more quickly , its banks would not be in such trouble . 
   the economy is expected to grow by only 1pc this year , well below the eu average . 
  in fact , the economy is the same size as it was in 2007 , whereas other countries , which are also subject to the disciplines of the eurozone , have grown substantially since 2007 - france by 20pc and spain by 15pc . 
  this contradicts those who want to blame the euro for all italy 's problems . 
   for example , david mcwilliams has mistakenly claimed that `` the strictures imposed by the euro have destroyed the italian economy '' . 
  he said italy 's economy grew before it joined the euro . 
  but it was only able to do this because it repeatedly devalued its currency . 
  devaluation gave temporary relief but concealed the underlying problems . 
  it was an anaesthetic , not a cure . 
   once it joined the euro , this had to stop . 
   when italy 's leaders decided to join the euro , and set the rate of exchange between the old lira and the new euro , they knew what they were doing . 
  they knew devaluation was impossible thereafter . 
  this was a freely taken italian decision . 
   unfortunately , italian voters do not see things that way , and blame europe for problems that are actually home-grown . 
  for example , in a poll last september , only 38pc of italians felt their country had benefited from being in the eu , whereas 51pc felt it had not . 
   in truth , the problems of the italian economy predate the decision to join the euro . 
   government debt levels were increased during the 1980s , and were already well above the recommended 60pc of gdp when it joined the euro . 
  italy was already an ageing economy at that stage too , with early retirement and historically low birth rates . 
   the ageing of a society inevitably saps its growth potential , as even the chinese are now beginning to find . 
   there was the added difficulty , since 2000 , that the italian consumer and fashion goods sector competed directly with goods coming from asia , and it could no longer devalue to meet this new competition . 
  italy did not adapt to this new reality . 
   productivity remains poor . 
  since 2007 , spanish productivity per hour increased by 10pc , whereas italian productivity per hour actually declined by 5pc . 
  both italy and spain are in the euro , so the euro does not explain this difference in productivity performance . 
   the public sector is expensive and inefficient .
