  climate change mitigation , emissions targets and science advances are the things that are running amazing . 
  the rest is a mess and should be sorted before it drags on . 
  the euro crisis and the migration crisis are really damaging italy , and every year it goes on italy just stagnates further . 
  they got lucky mate . 
  if anyone gets paywalled , here 's the article :  brussels -- western and afghan officials gathered wednesday for a feel-good conclave to pledge billions of dollars in development aid to the struggling country . 
  the feel-bad topics may have been stuffed into a late-night news release the night before . 
   announced with little fanfare , europe just got afghanistan to agree to accept an unlimited number of deportations of afghan citizens . 
  volumes are expected to be so high that as part of the deal , `` both sides will explore the possibility to build a dedicated terminal for return in kabul airport . ''  e.u. 
  nations may want to deport up to 80,000 afghan citizens whose applications for asylum have been rejected , according to internal documents that were leaked earlier this year . 
  under the deal , europe would need to cap the number of deportees to 50 per flight for the next six months , but there is no limit on the number of flights . 
   the agreement shows the great lengths to which european leaders will go to reduce the numbers of migrants in their countries . 
  surging anti-immigrant sentiment helped british advocates for a divorce from the european union win a referendum in june , and anti-migrant politicians are capturing posts across europe . 
   the deportations to afghanistan may be especially surprising , since the country is plagued by war and violence . 
  countries have long deported afghan citizens who were determined to have immigrated for economic reasons , if they are able to go back to less violent parts of the country . 
  critics say the criteria used to make these judgments are inconsistent and that e.u. 
  citizens put people at risk when they are deported . 
   the deportation deal was not formally linked to the e.u. 
  pledges of development aid to afghanistan , but the connection was unmistakable , and e.u. 
  leaders discussed it at the donors conference . 
  at the conference , e.u. 
  leaders agreed to give $ 1.5 billion a year in aid through 2020 . 
  overall , western governments offered more than $ 15 billion in aid . 
   `` we do expect sending countries to take back irregular economic migrants , in line with international standards and obligations , '' european council president donald tusk said wednesday . 
  `` that is why i want to thank the afghan government for its courage in agreeing to a way forward to manage migration fairly in cooperation with the european union . 
  we will support this agreement with money and job-creation programs to reintegrate returning migrants to the benefit of their local communities . '', 
   i remember how everyone rejoiced about millions of refugees coming to europe ??? 
  which century was this in ? 
  yet you have geert wilders ( who is kept out by coalitions ) and a year ago ( give/take a week ) a dutch refugee shelter was burnt down by anti-migrant dutch people . 
  we import 40 % of our food produce . 
  look at the population and land density of england ( where the overwhelming number of migrants settle ) instead of including scotland and all the rocky uninhabitable terrain they have . 
  population of scotland has risen from 5 million in 1970 to 5.2 million in 2016 . 
  learn to be a maltese to latvian translator or something . 
  pretty sure you can corner the market easily . 
  this is mainly about iraq and some perversions of the justice system , not about the congo my fellow belgian friend . 
  wouldnt surprise me if he helped bring justice to some and exploited the situation in others by bribing people to make false reports . 
  the fact that he had to bribe people to sue is a bit disturbing . 
  iraqis who brought up complaints against the uk using the echr would 've been compensated anyway , why did they need early financial ` investment ' to push for it ? 
  tfr is n't the whole picture , we gain immigrants of working age and their children quite often , yet moving to retire in the uk as a non-brit is near impossible . 
  liechtenstein counts no ? 
  it 's nice to see them come up with new and interesting ways to delay eurostar trains . 
  you must have extremely thin skin . 
  i was not insulting americans but to deny that they enjoy talking about their heritage would be silly . 
  is it difficult for a mexican citizen to move to europe legally ? 
  have you , a mexican citizen , ever been declined access to somewhere ( place , bar , country , etc. ), 
  because of your citizenship ? 
  do mexicans have the same sort of obsession about their heritage as americans ? 
  what stereotype annoys you the most about your country ? 
  with the fertility rate dropping and the population expected to remain stable with little growth in the future , how optimistic do you feel for the state of your country in 50 years ? 
  how are atheists treated in mexico ? 
  what languages are taught in school in mexico ? 
  edit : thanks for all the varied and well written replies . 
  haha , they had their vote . 
  edit : also , there is no scottish pm . 
  i voted remain and even ranted about the result after losing , but now that we 've made our bed we 've got ta lie in it . 
  i 'd rather we get freedom of movement and all that but we 'll see . 
   ivanishvili suggested an amendment to georgain legislation where minors would be banned from entering a casino . 
  that does n't sound bad to me . 
  the rest should remain as is though . 
  so when is your country hosting a joint drill with russia ? 
  london has been a major trading and financial city for more than a millennia . 
  london has been invaded , burnt down and bombed and it is still among the top trading and financial cities . 
  my experience was when in a swiss german area speak german , when in a swiss french area speak french . 
  i rarely found people willing to speak english to me instead though it was slightly more common in german areas such as bern than lausanne to be spoken to in english . 
  in swiss-french school i started learning german in year 1 ( aged 6 ) , english in year 7 ( aged 12 ) and italian in year 9 ( aged 14 ) . 
  italian was entirely optional , english & german ( and french obviously ) were not . 
  i 'm sort of disappointed british schools do n't make more of an effort to teach foreign languages . 
   are there any reliable sources for this ? 
  hiv for all !, 
  vote lib dem !, 
  [ swedish school photo . 
  ] ( http://www.noelshack.com/2016-37-1474128815-cup3ozo.jpg ) their demographics have already changed , they should just make the most of it . 
   page does n't exist  url , you requesting is not reachable . 
  shameless plug but if any turks are interested in studying in the uk , the university i work at [ has these requirements for turkish students . 
  ] ( https://www1.bournemouth.ac.uk/study/international/bu-your-country/turkey/entry-requirements-turkish-students ) there are 55 turkish students currently at the campus . 
  belarus and thailand have low unemployment rates and i would n't consider them first world countries . 
  that is revolting . 
  absolutely revolting . 
  no they go into croatia . 
  well it seems so . 
  he was caught and ratted out by other refugees and a mosque . 
  yeh but that 's no fair . 
  they cheated . 
  nah , university towns are ok . 
   or just do n't go to england . 
  there 's fuck all outside london anyway , it 's just red brick and more red brick . 
  you know nothing about england it seems . 
  the number of polish and indian people in the uk is roughly the same but poles are 3x more likely to be incarcerated than indians . 
  however , poles and native brits are incarcerated at the same rate . 
  sadly , linking it to brexit is not that difficult . 
  one of the key slogans used during the leave campaign was `` time to take our country back '' . 
  i 'm not going to go looking into who said what exactly but the leave campaign pandered to the nationalists by promising sovereignty and less immigration . 
  a certain politician even used `` independence day '' for the day after the vote . 
  nationalism is good in small doses but as we 've seen with the british national party ( bnp ) full-swing british nationalism is ugly , very ugly . 
  leave campaign pandered to these elements and now want to distance themselves from what they have done ( or do they ) by pretending that they did n't enable them and did n't give them the sick idea that most leave voters think like them . 
  the sad thing with quite a lot of people here is that they expect you to speak english at all times when in the uk . 
  my dad used to think like that before we moved to a french speaking area and the shoe was on the other foot . 
  now he does n't care if people speak their language . 
  i remember a few years ago reading about a woman who was attacked for speaking french on a bus in australia . 
  the usual `` go back to your country types '' . 
  then we also heard of a polish man assaulted for speaking german not long ago .
