  how many staff members can they hire , train and equip for that much ? 
  what do they expect to achieve with 5 people ? 
  anyway , it 's not going to stop us from leaving snide , sarcastic and downright mean comments en-masse in pretty much every forum we go to . 
  im probably going to upset you but most english people have some irish ancestry and most irish people have some english ancestry . 
  we can try looking for and promoting more celtic history though , i 'm sure that would be of great benefit to all 4 countries of the british isles . 
  i consider myself english but i need only look back 3 generations on my mums side and 5 on my dads to find irish people . 
  i doubt it 's that different for most here . 
  belgium and germany . 
  1683 never forget . 
  where are they based ? 
  would be neat if they were in spain , italy or poland instead of the usual two . 
  conservatives will win 2020 anyway . 
  i 'll vote libdem as always but with snp booting labour out of scotland and the labour party being the mess that it is who can stop the tories ? 
  all other parties would have to form an alliance and it simply wo n't happen . 
  eastern european . 
  all of them except slovenia which gets special snowflake status of being neither east nor west . 
  most people in the uk probably do n't know slovenia exists though . 
  the sun is not a reputable news source . 
  next time look at their profile before calling them out as a putinbot ... 
  romanians are the only ones driving bmws in my area . 
  it probably does help that they 've exported some of their less ... useful people to some countries . 
  the growth comes mainly from vat cuts . 
   birmingham , united kingdom , is among the top cities with a free business environment . 
  according to our city rankings , this is a good place to live with high ratings in housing , travel connectivity and healthcare . 
  lol ... 
  i wish they had wolverhampton , telford , hull , southampton , newcastle , cheshire and bradford on there . 
  if birmingham is a good place to live i wonder what they 'd put for a place like hull . 
  go to a farmers ' market then instead of a super market ? 
   but blasphemy remains a deeply emotive subject . 
  a spokesman for the council of mosques in bradford - where tanveer ahmed lived - told me that while he completely condemned all acts of violence , one solution would be to introduce a blasphemy law in britain . 
  them all fucking off back to pakistan would be another solution . 
   germany turned away 50 percent more people at its border in the first half of 2016 than in the whole of last year , according to government figures released on tuesday . 
  border control officers stopped some 13,324 people from entering the country up until the end of june , compared to 8,913 in 2015 , the new interior ministry figures show . 
   germany also looks set to increase its number of deportations - with 13,743 in the first six months of 2016 , compared to 20,888 in the whole of 2015 . 
  the numbers suggest that the introduction of border controls in september 2015 and the increased pressure on local authorities to deport more migrants from interior minister thomas de maiziere has started to show results . 
  percentage wise it looks like a big increase , in overall numbers of asylum seekers in the country it 's a drop in the bucket . 
  in 18 months germany got 1 million + applications for asylum yet only deported ~ 35,000 people . 
  27 years before being considered for release . 
  i hope they never let him out and he rots there . 
  5 submissions on the first page of / r/europe are from theguardian . 
  the same people who brought you [ these gems . 
  money from eus instrument for pre-accession fund 1 ( aka ipa i ) to turkey : eur4 ,795 billion ( 2007-2013 ) . 
  money from eus instrument for pre-accession fund 2 ( aka ipa ii ) to turkey : eur4 ,454 billion ( 2014-2020 ) . 
   ipa ii targets reforms within the framework of pre-defined sectors . 
  these sectors cover areas closely linked to the enlargement strategy , such as ** democracy and governance , rule of law or growth and competitiveness . 
  ** this sector approach promotes structural reform that will help transform a given sector and bring it up to eu standards . 
  it allows a move towards a more targeted assistance , ensuring efficiency , sustainability and focus on results . 
  the eu is paying turkey over 4 billion euros to move towards better democracy and rule of law . 
  what a complete waste of money . 
  http://ec.europa.eu/enlargement/instruments/overview/index_en.htm btw for ipa 2 turkey gets eur4 ,454 billion serbia , kosovo , macedonia , albania , bosnia & herzegovina and montenegro combined get eur3 ,904 billion in ipa2 funds . 
  better to learn french imo for the emerging market in africa . 
  as far as i remember only small grocers are allowed to be open on sundays . 
  i know that ikea and other megastores like it were closed in the canton of vaud every sunday . 
  [ here is the 22 page pdf that was updated recently . 
  ] ( https://www.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/attachment_data/file/543052/cig_-_egypt_-_muslim_brotherhood_-_v2.pdf ) some excerpts  2.2  exclusion  2.2.1 the mb are reported to have released a statement in january 2015 calling on followers to embrace `` jihad '' and `` martyrdom '' to fight the current regime . 
   2.2.2  depending on the nature of the person 's involvement , decision makers must consider whether one of the exclusion clauses is applicable . 
  haha , i am an it technician and i know the feeling . 
  started a new 2 month contract last week and find it pretty difficult to find permanent jobs around here but at least there 's work and the pay is nice . 
  it would hurt a lot of people here if the contract market dried up and was n't replaced by jobs with a living wage . 
  can look at it the other way . 
  49 % of self identified russians living in estonia trust the estonian military . 
  which is pretty huge when you consider that the biggest military threat to estonia is russia and attacks on the minority populace who come from the country you 're at war with is not unheard of . 
  [ borderline deficiency ( iq 70-80 ) , moron ( iq 50-69 ) , imbecile ( iq 20-49 ) and idiot ( below 20 ) . 
  ] ( http://www.assessmentpsychology.com/iqclassifications.htm ), 
  they removed the police 's ability to search people of interest for knives because they mainly targeted minorities ( who happen to carry knives ... ), 
  they were given the right to vote just as any other british citizen . 
  also ,  in a referendum on 10 september 1967 , the people of gibraltar voted by 12,138 to 44 to reject the transfer of sovereignty to spain and to remain under british sovereignty . 
  this day is now celebrated as gibraltar 's national day . 
   in a referendum organised by the government of gibraltar on 7 november 2002 , voters overwhelmingly rejected the principle that spain and the united kingdom should share sovereignty over gibraltar , by 17,900 votes to 187 on a turnout of almost 88 % . 
  they may be few , but that did n't stop the uk defending the rights of the british in the falklands . 
  the government of gibraltar can organise a referendum to join spain but as shown , the vast majority of the populace vote against it . 
  however this does not grant gibraltar preferential treatment and more voters voted to leave the eu than to remain in it . 
  they just have to accept those results . 
  they 're probably german . 
  [ romani gangs have done this in the past . 
  ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2013/jul/30/paris-thieves-target-chinese-tourists ), 
   the most audacious thefts can occur even before chinese visitors set foot in the city , on the a1 motorway from the airport , which is notorious for traffic jams . 
  on at least two occasions , organised gangs attacked tourist minibuses . 
  they wait for the bus to reach a standstill , break the windows and snatch bags from terrified occupants . 
  quoted from a ** 2013 ** article in the grauniad . 
  the answer was goats . 
   belarus has struggled to find enough workers to fill jobs in its state-controlled economy . 
  the labor shortage has prompted the country to place a series of restrictions on the rights of workers to leave their jobs , such as a reported 2012 ban on resigning for employees in the state-controlled timber industry , and a similar measure for farm workers last year . 
  does n't seem like it 'll be an issue . 
  lukashenko is the only open dictator left in europe but how often does he appear for saying stupid shit , blaming the west with some conspiracy theory or some other stupid thing ? 
  i looked him up and the most recent piece of news on him said this :  [ belarus president alexander lukashenko demanded to work out a set of proposals to improve the training of top-qualification scientists , chairman of the higher attestation commission gennady palchik told reporters after his report to the head of state on 2 august , belta informs . 
  ] ( http://eng.belta.by/president/view/lukashenko-urges-to-improve-training-of-top-qualification-scientists-93308-2016/ )  [ alexander lukashenko also wanted to know what is done and can be done to support young scientists . 
  according to gennady palchik , special funds of the president annually provide scholarships to young scientists . 
  at the same time , they can get a preferential housing construction loan . 
  `` such social support is systematic and productive , and it will be further developed , '' the chairman of the higher attestation commission noted . 
  ] ( http://eng.belta.by/president/view/lukashenko-urges-to-improve-training-of-top-qualification-scientists-93308-2016/ ) sure it 's probably a propaganda mouthpiece but nowhere near as bad as what pops up for erdogan and russia on a near daily basis . 
  sentiment has n't changed anywhere actually . 
  they do a similar thing in australia as well , but a lot of them involve you doing stupid community work ( pickup trash or spray over graffiti ) . 
  that sort of work is n't really something you can put on your cv and most people assume you 're doing community service for being a dick . 
  the job i 'm doing now i only got because i had volunteer ( read unpaid ) work experience in the field . 
  if these people actually get decent references and offered a job after the scheme was over i would say they benefited , but anything else was pure exploitation . 
  a lot of employers are hesitant to employ you if you have n't worked in 6 + months so if you can get the longterm unemployed back into the field i view that as a good thing . 
  this scheme should n't be mandatory unless you 've been unemployed and signing on with jobcenter for a year or more . 
  could you define smaller towns ? 
  i mean sure we have a load of polish and other ee type shops in hampshire and dorset but aside from that we 're pretty much embodying english identity .
