  i go to bournemouth and get off the buss across from the aldi and there are like 6 polish shops in a row . 
  1 of them was hiring recently but only polish speakers . 
  we just come to an understanding they exist like china or korea town . 
  it 's a miniature version of it , so we call it little . 
  yank that stick out mate . 
  hey greeksouth , i 've been on / r/europe for about a year after leaving the guardian censored comment section behind . 
  whilst / r/europe is clearly eu favoured , it 's still possible to engage in some debate here . 
  i personally do not like the eu but will vote to remain given that my country is fortunate enough to have vetos . 
  a few of my comments have been deleted in the past because sometimes facts and numbers can be racist but then again it 's nowhere near as bad as the moderation on the guardian . 
  tabloids are kept out of the subreddit which is great but still the left-wing bias here is clear ( constant guardian/independent opinion articles ) and i am saying that as someone who is [ centre-left ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ubcgukm.png ) . 
  do n't let the downvotes get to you if your opinion goes against the grain . 
  i used to be downvoted by turkish users regardless of what i posted a few months ago . 
  things you 'll notice here is a lot of unwarranted hate against russian , turkish , british and serbian users . 
  yep . 
  they are completely clueless . 
  irish, 
  polish people are 3rd most incarcerated in the uk . 
  in europe ? 
  france , especially since ww1 . 
  then comes portugal , ireland , denmark , malta and cyprus . 
  netherlands and greece some way down the line then the others trailing miles behind . 
  before ukip what choice was there ? 
  very , very , very unlikely . 
  could ireland even afford the reunification ? 
  visit hampshire & dorset . 
  union jacks and leave posters as far as the eye can see . 
  mmm , ca n't wait to toss out british corrupt politicians for bulgarian , croat , romanian and italian ones instead cause at least this time when they lie to my face i can pretend not to understand them . 
  england draws every opening game , it 's tradition to fuck up somewhere in the first match . 
  it 's the uk , iceland and paris . 
   [ hah quite a lot !, 
  paris , london , manchester , liverpool , birmingham , north wales , the peak district ( england ) . . then loads of other random small places ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/videos/comments/4nvwz2/i_combined_over_300000_images_around_europe_to/d47gyho ) the original uploader is from manchester . 
  edit : [ someone did a decent one on lausanne , switzerland if anyone 's interested . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gtw5lm9xapy ), 
  it 's not that surprising given the smaller population and lots of killing back then . 
  the annoying thing are the modified family trees . 
  i 'm descended from the bastard of a king therefore i can trace my tree back to jesus christ and god . 
  genes however are almost foolproof . 
  crusaders marched to the middle east . 
  visigoths into the iberian peninsula . 
  saxons into the england , baltics , czechia , slovenia , netherlands . 
  english into ireland , wales , scotland . 
  all these big migrations happened in the last 1250 years or so . 
  kill/enslave the men , take the women ad naseum . 
  i want to see genetic comparisons with north africans . 
  well quite a few of them are wearing shirts with cyrillic writing on it . 
   eighty state schools are allowing boys to wear skirts and girls to wear trousers under new government-funded `` gender neutral '' uniform policies . 
   the schools have either dropped references to girls and boys in their dress codes or have rewritten their uniform policy to say that pupils as young as five can dress in the uniform in which they feel most comfortable . 
   it is part of a government-funded drive for schools to be more sensitive to `` trans '' children who are questioning their gender identity . 
   diversity campaigners have warned schools that current policies risk discriminating against lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender pupils ( lgbt ) . 
   julie robinson , general secretary at the independent schools council , said public and private schools would soon follow suit and that some had already adjusted their policies to accommodate transgender children . 
   but christian organisations have raised concerns that introducing a choice of uniform could confuse young children and lead older pupils to question their identities at a time when they need reassurance . 
   allens croft school in birmingham is believed to be the first state primary to declare that it has a `` gender neutral '' uniform . 
  under the rules , which are the same for both sexes , boys can wear a grey or black skirt or pinafore while girls can wear grey or black trousers . 
  yep . 
  lots of poles here . 
  russians rushed into the english stands right after the game . 
  how anyone can blame the english for that is beyond me . 
  they beat up an old english guy in a wheelchair ffs . 
  yeah , france had an amazing team but this year 's team has a terrible defence . 
  romania should n't have been able to put on so much pressure on the 2nd half . 
  lgbtiq lesbian gay bisexual transsexual intersex queer/questioning, 
  take a look at the french defence ? 
  if you play against an aggressive team it 's over for france . 
  the russians have an unchecked hooliganism issue when it comes to football most other european countries have put behind them . 
  should be posted on january 13 . 
  it is kinda tearing families apart . 
  last week i visited my parents for tea and their voting cards had arrived . 
  my mother told me in private she was voting for leave . 
  i went to sit down to eat with them and my father opens with ` so i heard you might be voting leave . 
  only a fucking idiot would vote leave . 
  there 's nothing to gain from it and you 'd have to be stupid to do so . 
  the only arguments i 've heard are racists ones and you 're not a racist . ', 
  i told him i was actually on the fence on the issue but i think he was completely oblivious to the body language from my mum ... 
  who gives a damn when most of this is money regular people will never ever benefit from in the first place ? 
  oh no , rich people will launder money elsewhere . 
  woe is me the sky is falling . 
  france won in 1998 & 2000 . 
  show england some love , you know you want to !, 
  india & israel do a lot of trade with the eu no ? 
  so basically you 're a republican . 
  france it seems . 
   i am against state supporting childless marriages what do you mean by state support ? 
  if two young people , male and female , want to get married but one or both can not produce kids , they should n't be allowed to ? 
   your army can defend your own territory for about 24 hours . 
  you really underestimate us . 
   your battleships are build in china . 
  your factories are in pakistan . 
  usa does n't give 2 shits . 
  south africa , canada and australia are doing there own deals . 
  unless the whole world goes to war with us simultaneously we can buy battleships elsewhere . 
  the only eu country that matches us in power is france and we have had joint military exercises with france since before joining the eu . 
  we are also in nato which is not mutually exclusive with the eu . 
  we could reindustrialise quite easily if we must , the fact that we have people from pakistan doing the cheap work for us now does n't mean much . 
  if you get drafted to industry during a war that 's that . 
  usa does n't give 2 shits ? 
  that 's why they offered assistance during our spat with argentina ? 
  do you think they would n't help us after we helped them in both gulf wars & iraq ? 
  south africa , canada and australia have very , very close ties with the uk . 
  5 % of all people in australia are british passport holders , so many more are descended from the brits . 
  with or without the eu , the british have allies ranging far and wide , spanning every continent on the planet .
