  that catch up to the rest of the pack and the eu is amazing . 
  good job !, 
  the telegraph is owned by the barclay brothers but yeah murdoch controls ` the times ' , ` the sun ' & ` sky news ' he also controlled ` news of the world ' ( closed after they were found hacking phones of soldiers , politicians and dying children ) and the london paper which was a free commuter paper . 
  in australia , murdoch owns the australian , the daily telegraph , the sunday telegraph , mx ( sydney , melbourne , brisbane ) , herald sun , sunday herald sun , the courrier mail , the sunday mail ( qld and sa ) , the gold coast bulletin , the advertiser , the sunday times , the mercury , the sunday tasmanian , northern territory news , the sunday territorian , newslocal , leader , quest , messenger , community , geelong news , geelong advertiser , townsville bulletin , tablelander , innisfail advocate , burdekin advocate , northern miner , herbert river express , the cairns post and , tablelands advertiser . 
  of course he also owns a bunch of magazines , 6 websites ( including monster.com ) , foxtel and fox sports . 
  i could go on and on about all the pies this vile man has his fingers in but just check this out . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/news_corporation#final_holdings he owns media in places like latvia , fiji and israel as well . 
  afro-carribean carnival , most of the arrests are for drugs lol . 
  is n't there a great deal of slavery in malaysia ? 
  why would anyone want to be in a trade partnership with that ? 
  i was checking the numbers this morning and it seems that 2010 was the ` turning point ' for estonia . 
  since then population has slowly increased ( last year more people moved to estonia than left ) . 
  however the map figures are 2001-2011 which still saw a decline of 10s of thousands for estonia . 
  it would not surprise me if next time ( 2011-2021 ) estonia is light red/dark red everywhere . 
  estonia is doing the best of the baltics by far as you 've noted with the wage gap and ties to finland . 
  estonia concentrated their ` regions ' between 2001 and 2011 so they appear to be doing better than actually are . 
  theyre from the usa ( judging by post history anyway ), 
  the left is dying in the uk under corbyn 's `` leadership '' so it wo n't be a problem for the expected tory supermajority of 2020 . 
  yeah , try and stop selling food to us as your country also continues to overturn and destroy wine shipments from spain . 
  accuse belgium of not doing enough to curb terrorism and put up a border fence with italy to stop the migrants . 
  see how many of your neighbours like you then . 
  we are not responsible for policing undocumented migrants in france . 
  france should expel them . 
  depends on which group of romanians . 
  no , iceland . 
  so topless woman with 3 kids and her husband is at the beach . 
  story 1 is several beachgoers asked her to cover up her breasts , she said no . 
  story 2 is she said ` tu veux voir le reste ? ', 
  ` you want to see the rest ? ', 
  to a 10 year old boy who was staring at her before showing him her bare ass . 
  the boy 's mother came over and began trading insults with the topless woman . 
  the topless woman was apparently attacked by more than one assailant and knocked down onto the beach where they ripped off her bikini bottoms and gave her a bloody nose before leaving the scene . 
  the woman , her husband and their 3 teary kids then left the beach . 
  the mayor reminded everyone that the beach is not a nudist one and clothes are required , even for children . 
  they also said that if she did show her bare ass to the 10 year old child she could be accused for ` pudeur ' ( i dont know what this means , indecency probably ) . 
  the town however does not in any way think the violence she suffered was justifiable . 
  there was strictly no religious motive to the attack and the newssite is sad to have to mention that . 
  less than 200.000 died in the balkan wars wtf ? 
  they should do that and rename themselves . 
  maybe osmanl\u0131 \u0130mparatorlu\u011fu or something like that . 
   about 200 migrants from the calais area are being smuggled into britain in lorries each week , french officials and security sources said on saturday . 
   the estimate -- equivalent to more than 10,000 illegal migrants arriving each year -- represents a surge in the number of so-called `` lorry drops '' , when migrants hiding in the back of goods vehicles jump out after safely reaching the uk . 
  migrants ' ambush attempt on lorry in calais play !, 
  00:32  official figures show a continuing rise in the number of migrants found in the backs of lorries and cars in britain , which more than doubled to 6,400 last year , the chief inspector of borders and immigration said in a report last month . 
   gangs of armed people-smugglers operating around calais have started systematically forcing lorries to stop before they reach the port so migrants can break in . 
   philippe mignonet , deputy mayor of calais , has described the main route to the port as a `` no-go area '' between midnight and 6 am . 
   the motorway is regularly blocked with felled trees and debris by masked smugglers , often brandishing large sticks and sometimes knives . 
   french police responded to mounting political pressure by rushing 140 additional officers to the area this weekend . 
   security was tightened around the ferry port and the entrance of eurotunnel last year after a spate of nightly incidents that saw hundreds of people at a time attempt to enter both facilities , often disrupting tourist traffic . 
   a few dozen migrants were estimated to succeed in making it to britain each night at the peak of the incidents . 
   efforts to enter the ferry and tunnel terminals tailed off with the introduction of new security measures , including a `` moat '' of flooded , low-lying land around the tunnel entrance . 
   consequently , migrants are now forced to travel further from calais to stow away in lorries heading for the tunnel or cross-channel ferries . 
   `` each lorry is packed with dozens of migrants and many are stopped before they reach england , '' a regional security official said . 
   `` but we are certain that a few get through . 
  the estimate is around 200 a week . 
  we know others are crossing in small boats or vans , '' the official added . 
   the home office keeps no official tally of the number of illegal migrants entering britain as it is difficult to estimate the numbers who pass through without being caught , but an official suggested that the figure might be `` exaggerated '' . 
   however , unprecedented numbers of migrants are flooding into the notorious `` jungle '' camp in calais , indicating that that they know their chances of crossing the channel are good . 
   after months of increasing violence in and around the camp , the number of migrants sheltering there has swelled to a record of about 9,000 , according to xavier bertrand , the conservative president of the calais region . 
   not only are migrants continuing to arrive in calais from italy and other mediterranean countries , they are now also coming from germany , apparently preferring to attempt to reach britain rather than staying where they are to take up chancellor angela merkel 's offer of resettlement . 
   repeated clearances of squalid camps in paris by the city 's increasingly exasperated authorities have led many migrants to travel to calais . 
   mr bertrand urged the french government to get tough on people-smugglers and migrants terrorising motorists and lorry drivers heading to calais . 
   `` when migrants are found in a lorry , they 're usually escorted by police a few hundred metres ( yards ) away , but most of the time there are no legal proceedings and that must change , '' mr bertrand said . 
   the lack of security is damaging the local economy in an area where unemployment is nearly double the national average and the far-right front national is gaining popularity . 
   local officials blame the influx of migrants on what they claim are `` lax '' british controls on migrants , arguing that the border force lacks staff and britain has too few boats to patrol the coasts and stop migrants . 
   mr bertrand , who is lobbying for a renegotiation of a bilateral agreement allowing uk border controls on french soil so that the calais migrants ' problem would be shifted to britain , accused the uk authorities of being content to let the problem fester . 
   `` i am fed up with hypocrisy . 
  let 's tell the truth , there are migrants who get to england each day thanks to people-smugglers , '' he said . 
   `` have you seen a lot of migrants expelled from england ? 
  because there are no identity cards and there are certain employers who are happy to hire them and underpay them , knowing that they wo n't make a fuss because they 're illegal . ''  many migrants who reach britain claim asylum as soon as they are caught , making it impossible to deport them immediately . 
  nearly 18,000 migrants have been arrested for working illegally in the past three years , home office figures show , but only one in three was deported . 
   rob whiteman , a former head of the border agency , has warned that up to a million illegal immigrants may be living in britain and are unlikely to be kicked out . 
   andrew bridgen , a tory mp , said : `` it shows that we need to redouble our efforts to secure our borders -- that will remove the incentive for migrants to remain in the camps in calais . 
  we need more use of heat sensors to detect illegal migrants in commercial vehicles -- 200 a week is nearly 30 a day . '', 
   `` surely the french can help us ? 
  they do n't want the jungle camp there in calais either , '' he added . 
   all victims were originally from kyrgyzstan , the ministry said , adding that they were in the country legally . 
  seems like we only sent 4 ? 
  people . 
  i ca n't understand the announcer and got a bit confused when he started mentioning eritrea and indonesia lol . 
  congrats on the 25 years moldova !, 
   as for whether eu could have helped , well , turkey , really , with some 2 000 000 million refugies - if turkey had them for 2 + years , why yes , eu could have helped , by taking in refugees . 
  i dunno , 2 000 000 million is rather a lot to deal with . 
  do yourselves a favour and do n't read the comments under the article . 
  my condolences to the families of the kyrgyz workers who lost their lives , hopefully the investigation finds out why the building had such shitty and dangerous lamps . 
  do you know what the word anecdotal means ? 
  on wednesday i had a lovely romanian taxi driver come to my town to pick me up at 7:40 am so i could get to work on-time when i missed the bus . 
  the guy has been here for 9 years and is now settled with a kid and a british wife . 
  he loves it here . 
  does that mean all romanians love it here ? 
  just because 2 of your european friends left the uk for such a vague reason ( feeling unwelcome ? ), 
  does n't mean the entire polish diaspora in the uk does just as my anecdote does n't prove the opposite . 
  only migration figures can really tell the story . 
  when hungary first started building the fence i remember writing the embassy of hungary a thank you letter . 
  i was n't alone as quite a few on the forum i was using ( i think it may have been theguardian ? ), 
  were doing it as well . 
  we are grateful to the hungarians for upholding their end of the bargain and not letting in hordes of economic migrants . 
  i have dual british and australian citizenship and getting aussie citizenship ( i was born in uk ) was easy although a bit expensive . 
  the only reason i got it was to visit without needing to jump through hoops . 
  not really attached to the country , just my friends there .
