yes , `` operation iraqi freedom '' as i think we were told in school . 
  out of curiosity , whether greece stays/leaves the ez , how will both of these affect the value of the euro ? 
   lol , you tell me refugees from 40 years ago are integrated , but ones that came in 2008 are facing difficulties ? 
  is this really a serious argument ? 
  read the first sentence in the history section of the first reference you posted . 
  they came around relatively the same time . 
  [ while the first wave of hmong refugees started arriving in 1975 , the majority came later . 
  the most recent wave came in 2004 . 
  ] ( http://www.twincities.com/localnews/ci_27676754/minnesota-hmong-at-40-first-immigrants-set-bar ) . 
  as a counter example , msp had the same thing happen with hmong people around the same time with a much higher population ( [ highest urban hmong population in the world , actually ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/history_of_the_hmong_in_minneapolis%e2%80%93saint_paul ) ) . 
  yet , they 've integrated extremely well , to the point where you do n't really notice it or think of them as a distinct refugee group . 
  the hmongs are a lot more dispersed throughout the twin cities ( not all clustered in certain neighborhoods , etc. 
  ) , their businesses do n't cater exclusively to their own people ( they are actually pretty nice and welcoming from my experiences ) , and are actually [ making a lot of progress and becoming pretty successful , are hard-working , and adapting really well ] ( http://www.twincities.com/localnews/ci_27676754/minnesota-hmong-at-40-first-immigrants-set-bar ) . 
  on the other hand , the stories for somalis have always been that of [ difficulties and challenges ] ( http://www.startribune.com/new-somali-refugee-arrivals-in-minnesota-are-increasing/281197521/ ) . 
  `` we always used to think when you come to america , you have a lot of money and life is really easy , '' ali said through a translator . 
  `` we have been surprised . '' this seems to be the general notion that somalis bring with them when they come here , wheras people like the hmongs realize that it 's different then where they 're from , do n't complain , and work hard . 
  i 'm not trying to argue that integrating is n't going to be difficult , just that certain groups of people respect the local culture and integrate much better than others . 
  definitely . 
  and what exactly happens in this south park episode ? 
  i do n't really watch the show . 
  because it 's not integration with the native minnesota population at all . 
  there are distinct neighborhoods ( see cedar-riverside ) which are almost entirely of somalis . 
  it 's like they have their own separate city/society within minneapolis . 
  the somalis do not stray far from these areas , and minnesotans generally try to stay away from here . 
  i can tell you i 've been in these neighborhoods and their stores and do not feel welcome at all . 
  i get looked at like * i 'm * the foreigner . 
  i 'm not saying they have n't established themselves here at all , it 's just that these businesses and commercial ventures are exclusively for the rest of the expatriate somali community , not native minnesotans . 
  you forgot a reference to your sources . 
  most people do . 
  we have a lot of somalis in minnesota ( highest in north america ) , and although most people will talk about not being racist , equality , that we should give more opportunities for foreigners , etc. , but secretly most people hate them here . 
  on the one hand , i think it 's great that more privileged and developed areas give an expatriate home for refugees where they can be safe , obviously it 's better to be altruistic to those that are in very terrible life conditions , and wonderful that we can remove them from that . 
  on the other hand , whenever mass amounts of refugees are brought in to a first-world nation , it will inevitably make things worse than the status quo ante for the people already there . 
  the somalis have not integrated well at all , and there 's a noticeable bump in crime in the areas where they are located . 
  this is progressively becoming a major political issue ( especially in europe ) ; at what level do we want to degrade our own societies for the benefit of those that are in disadvantageous conditions ? 
  it would be awesome to let everyone in the world travel freely and enable them to get out of their horrible situations , but you could imagine how shitty this would make the conditions of the developed nations we live in . 
  entropy on a political scale . 
  there 's no right or wrong answer to this , just that it seems a little assholish to keep foreigners out where they might die in their home country , but also a little short-sighted for the leftists that think their society will remain the same . 
  nice . 
  0/2 so far , not looking very good, 
  european streets ( even graz ) have always freaked me out . 
  nobody contested hitler was austrian either , but likewise , a large portion of the world associates beethoven-vienna , just like hitler-germany . 
  and beethoven was german !, 
  that 's why we do n't have them , people would never make up their minds . 
  even romansh ? 
  this is why i think it would be particularly problematic for the eu . 
  the us was founded upon a common principle and direction in its infancy , and the nation filled in and grew together on similar behaviours , policies , language , lifestyles , cultural aspects etc. 
  it 's very difficult to align policies , and thus lifestyles across nations that have developed independently for hundreds of years . 
  better soil , climate differences , less drought . 
  they do state the state of birth . 
  not sure how much leverage that would have though . 
  my original comment was more of a slightly off-topic afterthought , but i can see how it came across as condescending . 
  i never said it was weird intrinsically overall , that it was weird within the american frame of mind . 
  ok , that one 's pretty good , 
  you wan na blow smoke , go hack a dart, 
   every country limits freedoms in different ways . 
  the argument above is just due to how we view limitations under different systems , and how each of our cultures manage under said limitations . 
   another instance of the statistical outliers ruining it for the majority . 
  america in a nutshell for you . 
  my original comment was more of a digression than a response to the overlying comparison . 
  i was n't trying to address the topic of the us being a free society , the original comment more or less sparked an interesting and slightly off-topic thought . 
  sure , every country limits freedoms in different ways . 
  the argument above is just due to how we view limitations under different systems , and how each of our cultures manage under said limitations . 
  the original post was about how it was ridiculous that americans could n't drink publicly , which implies that they think this is strange considering the overlying topic at hand . 
  i merely responded as to why it 's not really a problem for us , just as the status quo for you is n't to wield guns , the status quo for us is n't to drink in public . 
  and i know plenty of europeans who seem to have no qualms about going to a shooting range in america when they find out that it 's an option for them , 
  so what , every country has its own particular laws , which in turn shape its people 's preferences and culture . 
  just because something is unfamiliar to you and your culture does not make it intrinsically weird overall . 
  in other news i have to pay to use the bathrooms throughout europe ; is having to relieve myself of urine in private not a basic freedom ? 
  i also have to go to a pharmacy to relieve a simple headache , and countries like austria have a mandatory military conscription . 
  not being able to drink in public may seem weird in the eyes of europeans , but we do n't really view it as a problem . 
  just as you 're not allowed to wield guns in public and you do n't view it as a problem ( not my personal view , but obviously many americans love their guns ) . 
  different laws , different people , different culture . 
  i agree wholeheartedly . 
  how so ? 
  i guess it 's just not our forte to drink in public parks or wherever ; if we 're going to be drinking i would prefer to maybe do it in my own yard or in an establishment . 
  there 's also kind of the social stigma ( like smoking ) with it as well . 
  maybe the law has shaped us to have this preference though . 
  i do n't think we would drink outside in public even if it was legal , the only people who actually do the brown paper bag thing are homeless . 
  it 's always seemed kind of weird to us to drink outside when there are plenty of legitimate places to actually drink at ( bars , private yards , etc. ), 
  i guess i do n't really mind it . 
  i live in europe , so essentially i 'm still paying for my own defense . 
  nah , this is just the first step in our gradual smoke and mirrors conquest to new world order . 
  yay , tax money !, 
  i just want them to go by anything else , then i can start wearing my isis ( band ) shirts again . 
  holy shit , is finland minnesota ? 
  dammit , stop making it easy for me . 
  would it not be france ` has ' called , instead of have , with france being referred to a single entity , rather than a pluralized population of individuals ? 
  as a resident of austria , this is what i all too often see . 
  i always found it strange that people here travel all over the world , and are absolutely infatuated with cultures vastly different from theirs , such as iran or se asia ; but of everyone i 've spoken with who has traveled to the us , only a few really seemed to like it ( it very much is a love it or hate it thing with europeans ) . 
  i guess you hit the nail on the head . 
  even austria has sold weapons to saudi arabia . 
  funny how even `` neutral '' countries take part in this . 
  i really do n't think there 's anything `` simplified '' about american english . 
  my guess is that this comes from the stereotype of southern english and that it sounds unintelligent , or rather that we 're all convinced that the british dialects sound more intelligent , but a big part of this perception i think is that americans use the language much more informally . 
  american english is much more reliant on slang ( whereas the brits tend to use comparatively more latinate vocabulary ) and it 's normal not to follow `` the rules '' as much as our british counterparts . 
  americans are typically more open and accepting of changes in the language ( sometimes too much ) , and with that it can be difficult to keep up with trending phrases or words which * used * to be slang , but really are n't used anymore . 
  american english is like fashion sometimes , and you do n't wan na be laughed at for not consulting urban dictionary before using a word that was so last season . 
  american english also favors words that are more morphologically complex , whereas the brits like to clip words , such as `` transportation '' ( ame ) vs transport ( bre ) , or burglarize vs burgle . 
  american english tends to form nominal and verbal compounds more readily and uses more phrasal verbs . 
  british english is more tolerable to run-on sentences , so placing periods and commas in american english texts is a bit more trouble , as it requires the use in cases where british rules would not mandate it .
