  i 'm serious , it 's what they said on the news this morning . 
  food is boring ? 
  do they want a singing or dancing food or what ? 
  and seeing the tents , they 're pretty good if you 're running away from war and death . 
  god , how ungrateful are these people ? 
  well , in prison you would need money to feed them for 20 years , while they lie 12 hours a day . . 
  suddenly i see our flag besides the nazi swastika flags and i 'm like what ? 
  very curious about the plot now . 
  i do n't think i 've been asked if i support the ttip . 
  not sure anyone in my country was asked , so how is this data gathered ? 
  `` new country ? '', 
  lol , the drunk invaders had forgotten about it the next morning . 
  so you fkn hate that nice thing , interesting . 
  15 year old prostitute and her 30 books on women 's dignity ... 
  i do n't get it . 
  from what i 've seen in comments , this is total bullshit . 
  and as bulgarian i can confirm that for bulgaria . 
  anti corruption . 
  boss . 
  why yes , yes he is . 
  the son of johny cash . 
  may i interest you in a [ song ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3ogmrzkijku ) of his ? 
   and make no mistake : yeah i already made a mistake - to read this ~ ~ bullshit ~ ~ propagadna article . 
  well , technically , most people on this planet are pretty stupid . 
  one of the so obvious things , that does n't need to be said . 
  all valid points . 
  meanwhile in china and macedonia people drown . 
  it 's in a really bad stage everything , do n't think we could matter anymore . 
  planet 's gon na shake us off like the bad fleas that we currently are . 
  if by no one is telling us they mean the yearly warning from scientists about it , then yes . 
  excuse me ? 
  out of all the thieves , we 're the generic ones . 
  hehe , almost felt proud . 
  wow , the way and place that bike is locked . . 
  thought : how is it securing if the pole its locked to is half a me - ooh , its locked with itself !, 
  if you lived here , that bike would 've been triple-locked , cemented and welded to the ground itself . 
  but joke aside , i 'd love to be from netherlands and live in such a higher state of morality and decency . 
  and the fact that you had to leave it - actually meaning `` bike is a gift to whomever '' speaks a lot about the quality of life there . 
  thank you op , this post made me feel a bit warmer inside , 
  so how again the leader encourages all the lone wolfs in eu and usa ? 
  through his mail ? 
  or articles like this one ? 
  seriously , how are isis in touch with each other all over the world and not being caught in an instance ? 
  why are such channels available in eu and usa ? 
  with a population of ~ 20 million , that 's nobody , there 's nobody in australia . 
  really odd our capital is n't in the list . 
  anyone has idea why that 's the case ? 
  it 's why child pornography is still a thing . 
  online encryption is doing wonders but it does the opposite as well . 
  define `` under european control '', 
  water water everywhere , not a drop to drink . 
  just to mention something most of you probably know already , i was n't asked if i want to enter the eu , was n't asked for my `` stance '' on brexit . 
  ca n't remember any of out politicians to even mention brexit when they ran for parliament etc. 
  all in all i see politics doing it 's thing but not feel even remotely close to having a choice in any of it . 
  ( except choosing who to fuck me for the next four years ) bulgaria this bulgaria that , but for some reason i do n't feel to be part of bulgaria , but i am . 
  i hate politics so , so much . 
  still full of shit , we can tell . 
  god , this sub is one of the best . 
  when our stupidity does good for once . 
  snow is making as much as our country , makes sense . 
  wait were n't they greeks ? 
  hello germany !, 
  my name is anand the non-syrian syrian refugee . 
  i have no bombs or hairy muscular middle aged children and would like to apply myself to your asylum . 
  disregard flag beside name , is not true . 
  article implying that there will be * a choice * after all the purging of anyone who would oppose his tyranny . 
  if the bill passes erdogan will continue grabbing power but in a legal way/sense . 
  a whole bill just so he can stop with the theatrics . 
  well , not knowing and hating seem to go hand to hand . 
  you could say that not knowing is a prerequisite for hatred . 
  do you do this with all the bullshit media-news-whatever or just the russian , and if yes , how do you see the difference if you turn it off before it begins ? 
  why does it look like god 's abomination ? 
  mutra is a person affiliated with illegal pawnshops , insurance firms , malicious deeds in general . 
  mutra is characterizing the bad , while \u0431\u0438\u0447\u00e8 describes the physical appearance . 
  we use \u0431\u0438\u0447\u00e8 only in speech , do n't know how 's it called in english tho . 
  we say bitche ( \u0431\u0438\u0447\u00e8 ) to describe short muscular men from the macho type . 
  that is all ... 
  politicians were always tools for business . 
  more worrying is that people believe that public relations ( pr ) is between people and politicians , when it 's obviously between people and big business . 
  politics was what the ruling class used to convince people to lie to themselves , while telling business what to do to get back on top . 
  with how things are going , soon enough politics will become pure business ( i sound like it already is ) and we , the people , will be the currency . 
   unless the politicians get their act together whoops . 
  to be fair , they were ** a ** laughing stock with the whole r/the _ donald thing , just like donald was a laughing stock to the entire planet ( since forever ) . 
  information is warping in the eeriest ways the more society depends itself and it 's exponential progress to * the internet * . 
  it 's safe to assume that if you delete facebook and twitter , people would literally become more thought free . 
  the very idea that the right information could be used for all the wrong purposes is horrifying . 
  the technological and scientific progress in just 50 years is * actually * mind boggling . 
  our own progress seems to now be faster than what a society could work with . 
  ca n't help but feel that , in a way , most people are trying to just `` catch up '' . 
  or is it our dependence that would make us susceptible to mass control through artificially intellectualized humor ( memes ) . 
  you could say it 's exactly us ( not you and me , people in the last decade or so ) that gave birth to this type of expression . 
  people have always been very conservative about future but i feel a `` there 's no turning back '' feeling about our progress . 
  our disconnection from what we 've been for so long , if you will . 
  really weird times . 
  of course he 's worse than hitler . 
  putting both their atrocities aside ( not trying to judge or compare both horrid things ) but hitler was psycho that went to his neighbors , kill and take control . 
  stalin , on the other hand started to fill concentration camps ( after the war ) with people who opposed the new rising overlord system of mother russia . 
  ( that is now somehow running their countries now , because they defeated hitler ) but in the end , technically , both did the same thing but in different manner , bastards . 
  did you just came up with half of these ? 
  who the hell is miroslav barnyashev ?
