waf waf waf in dutch, 
   it sounds like you 've been spending too much time listening to the butthurt little eu fanatics on here who are fantasising that the uk will disintegrate in the event of brexit . 
  we 'll be just fine . 
  as much as you ca n't say for sure that it will disintegrate , you ca n't say the opposite either . 
  nobody knows whether scotland will stay if a brexit happens . 
  same story with the economics . 
  nobody knows how a brexit would affect the economy . 
  it could get wrecked , it could do amazing . 
  definitely predicting either is nonsense . 
  that 's good thinking there !, 
  that 's how you make sure the bike will not be molten into german tanks when it 's that time of the century again . 
  it 's sad that this referendum will influence the ukrainian people while most of the voters voted with the eu in mind . 
  i honestly feel sorry for them . 
  ever since the end of the 17th century holland has always looked towards britain as an ally in economic goals : free trade and liberalism . 
  politically most of the time that was the exact same , fellow non-catholic buddies who were n't a big fan of france and later on not a big fan of germany . 
  after ww2 you guys were seen as heroes by virtually everyone in europe . 
  everyone . 
  a lot of older people and even those from my parent 's generation still fostered those warm feelings about britain . 
  our pm and cameron apparently got on really well , seemingly much better than any other specific foreign leader . 
  you could hold a similar story with the history of belgium . 
  or portugal . 
  or quite some of the nordic countries . 
  if you can name any country with interests more aligned to the british than say the dutch or the belgians , let me know . 
  you 'll have a very tough time . 
  in 2010 there was a gold medal in snowboarding and disciplines like bobsleighing and skiing/snowboarding usually have * some * dutch contestants . 
  nonetheless you are completely right . 
  what i wanted to say though is that there are plenty of countries around which have a similar climate ( great britain , holland , belgium ) who still grab a couple of medals each year at the olympics . 
  yet holland has the exact same but does compete in the higher regions of the winter olympics table . 
  denmark has enough potential i think . 
  it 's basically exactly like canada . 
  most people live in pretty `` normal '' climates , the more north the colder it gets . 
  also , the gulf stream goes west at some point . 
  norway can be really , really cold man . 
  oh no problem at all !, 
  the exaggeration is in the article , i perfectly understand what you mean . 
  and yes , the disqualification was indeed justified and according to the rules , for sure . 
  the spanish runner ran some amazing races ( he broke the spanish record , right ? ), 
  and i am happy for him too  my point was more along the lines of defending martina and pointing out how minor the rulebreaking actually was . 
  enough ( indeed ) to rightfully disqualify , but not enough for me personally to not still consider him a winner . 
  that 's not true , or at least greatly exaggerated . 
  quickly after the start he stepped with the front part of his foot on the line once ( not crossing it ) . 
  * edit : i have no footage link , but i 'm sure some googling would yield results . 
  quite a lot of good shots of it . 
  * he won the race by a considerable margin afterwards and had no , or very , very little advantage of this particular step . 
  now i 'm a bit butthurt but mostly just sad for martina . 
  he 's a really positive and nice dude who 's always talking about making people happy and smiling . 
  the same happened 8 years ago on the olympics in beijing . 
  rules are rules and he deserves to be disqualified unfortunately , but i really feel for him . 
  he was the fastest and had no considerable advantage by stepping on that line . 
  disqualification was justified , yet for me he has won the race . 
  more out of empathy than patriotism or whatever you would call it . 
  you want to directly elect a pm ? 
  what 's your point exactly ? 
  then you 're either not dutch or you do not really understand how ( the dutch ) democracy works . 
  what a bloody mess . 
  yeah that 's why we now have `` joined '' forces with the germans . 
  `` you buy car i drive ok ? '', 
  exploit german ww2 guilt 101 . 
  ( jokes aside : it 's actually a really well organised project which would fit european alliances nicely ), 
  same here in holland . 
  in the very sense that the entire concept of democracy is based upon that . 
  societies choose people to represent them as their leaders . 
  also , he said generally , not all of society . 
  you 're missing the point . 
  nazi germany and modern germany is just as much politically different . 
  the soviet union and russia . 
  the matter is the continuity of state . 
  yes , another party/region/political system may have committed the crime , but it was still the same country . 
  the fact that the genocide happened under the ottoman empire does not mean turkey is suddenly free from its historical responsibility . 
  turkey is considered ( also by themselves ) the prime successor state of the ottoman empire and the genocide is part of their political history . 
  just as the holocaust for germany ( successor of nazi germany ) and the gulags for russia ( successor of su ) . 
  you do n't know man . 
  for all we know mars might be africa 's america . 
  oh come on , arguing that britain will not have an economic setback is nonsense . 
  a brexit is a decision of autonomy over economy in the short to medium term . 
  political instability and uncertainty is extremely bad for your economy , that 's one of the key assumptions of all economic schools , from keynesian to monetarist . 
  most likely the brexit debate is in itself already bad for th e economy . 
  then you make assumptions that that autonomy would necessarily be there `` like norway and switzerland '' . 
  that assumption might not be true either . 
  the uk is quite different : it is a major economy , its living standards are lower than those two , it is a major regional power with active foreign policies and it does not have the oil reserves of norway . 
  it could in the end very well end up in the same situation , but it is certainly not a given . 
  hence also the economic argument . 
  then , you argue that britain is self sufficient . 
  that 's not true either . 
  there are very few countries which are fully self sufficient , and britain certainly is not one of them . 
  oil and gas production is below consumption , for example . 
  not really valid for the eu argument but just to inform you . 
  mississippi has got 3 million inhabitants , a gdp of 88 billion dollars and is a non-sovereign state . 
  the netherlands has 17 million inhabitants , a gdp of 880 billion and is a sovereign state with active foreign policies . 
  what on earth makes you think mississippi in itself is ` more important ' for whatever that might mean ? 
  i 'm actually surprised that you 're serious . 
  yes , and tennessee is bigger and more important than china !, 
  dude i just hope you 're being sarcastic . 
  definitely saved your comment as comedy though . 
  asteve airwin ? 
  the dutch rtl is not too bad actually . 
  we could get belgium back * without the belgians * !, 
  ( just kidding , love you guys ! ), 
  let 's be * very * clear here , the turkish government decided to have its representatives enter dutch territory without permission , not the other way around . 
  it was the turkish government which has been insulting us .
