  if both other countries want to take away gifted money from women 's rights purposes than they do n't deserve it as a gift anymore . 
  that said , we should n't abandon those who need it by just doing that either - people = / = government . 
  it 's like a hard divorce where both partners continue to throw shade at each other all the time . 
  it makes us both look immature . 
  just for clarification , 84 % of german studying medicin * in austria * go work in another place than austria . 
  that is a whole lot different than what the title seems to imply . 
  brexit talks suddenly got real . 
  your turn brussels, 
  yep , my thoughts exactly , on both topics . 
  i think that multi-tiered europe would also be necessary for more states which are in doubt about ever more integration - or those at the margins ( switzerland , norway ) . 
  here 's to hoping our countries can find a pragmatic and cooperative way out  nice discussion !, 
  if the uk gets a good deal and comes out with a faster growing economy that would be perfect ammo for eurosceptics across the board to do the exact same . 
  then the netherlands will also follow , then denmark , and that would become a snowball . 
  that 's the reasoning in brussels . 
   i do n't agree with you on britain . 
  the articles of confederation actually has a clause granting canada membership in the us if they wanted it ( they did n't ) . 
  but canada 's independence is n't a threat to us - they are great friends and neighbors whether within or without . 
  i think the big problem here is that britain was part of the union , and it having economic success would undermine the eu 's core argument for economic integration . 
  the comparison about canada is not right - that would be switzerland , norway etc for us . 
  the comparison would be an actual secession from the us . 
  imagine if california seceded and had better economic luck outside the us . 
  that would pose a fundamental threat to it , because suddenly it would mean that there is a viable alternative to being part of it . 
  i think that 's a better comparison . 
  in other words - again i do n't agree with it - but punishing britain is in brussel 's eyes the only argument to ensure that it does n't fall apart because other countries follow . 
   ha , well , fair point . 
  actually what the eu is going through right now really does resemble the us under the articles of confederation . 
  at some point europeans are going to need a constitutional convention to decide on the future of the eu . 
  this is the bottom line of the future of the entire european continent . 
  we are getting to the point where people are starting to realise this . 
  the problem is that rather than the us old republican party ( our integrationists ) , our us federalists have n't really united into a `` states-rights '' party , but instead as opposition to the whole thing . 
  the us never really had that except for the civil war . 
   i think it 's in the eu 's self interest to be seen as benevolent , not strong . 
  they are n't strong . 
  the british will have lower growth going forward - they 'll be fine . 
  the eu can either have them as a friend , or not . 
  yeah we 're on the same page on this . 
  i do want to nuance that british success threatens the survival of the eu though , i think that is a key consideration too . 
   to paraphrase machiavelli : it is better to be feared than loved , but be careful not to become hated . 
  the eu is doing a good job making enemies every time they have the chance . 
  italy is going to need help soon - what will they do then ? 
  i think right now we are seeing machiavelli 's `` being loved '' backfire as machiavelli writes himself . 
  love is conditional , fear is unconditional . 
  but i think it is not the european spirit and we should aspire to base ourselves on lockean social principles rather than machiavellian . 
   i do n't know why any country would want to be in the eu if this is how you guys treat people who try to leave . 
  if california or texas seceded i would be heartbroken , but i would n't want the government to push them into the sea . 
  i 'd want to make the separation as painless as possible and be the best friends we possibly can . 
  they 'd still be family . 
  so there 's this period in american history between 1870-1880 . . you should read up on it someday when you have time . 
  i ca n't stand europeans acting high-horse usually but wow , just wow , you tempt me like the devil himself . 
   if the eu wants to be a nation it needs to grow up and start acting like one . 
  yeah so that 's the part we 're all kind of unsure about anyway . 
  also , states act in their self-interest for self-preservation , which seems to be exactly what it is doing . 
  i do n't agree with its stance , but heck this is the most anonimous , uniform state-like policy i have seen from the eu in a long period . 
  yeah you 're completely right in that sense . 
  nobody is going to benefit from a trade war - but that is not going to happen . 
  i think where we went wrong is what you say - brussels being too optimistic about public sentiment . 
  brexit was the result of this sentiment , and it should have been addressed before . 
  the uk would be better off with europe , and europe would be better off with the uk . 
  in a sense it 's a prisoner 's dilemma : if both ( and i do think westminster was key in this regard ) compromised and worked towards a solution all this shit would not have happened . 
  that said , there were some fundamental things in british political life which would likely have needed changing at some point ( i.e. 
  euro , schengen ) to align with other eu states . 
  i doubt whether that would have ever happened . 
  aside from the principle ( which i do understand ) i do think he 's right in a sense that the eu now has the opportunity to either extort the uk for free money or for a super beneficial trade deal . 
  honestly the only countries which really can work in the uk 's favour are the low countries ( especially the netherlands ) and ireland i reckon ; trade with the uk is very important for those countries and a hard brexit could hurt that . 
  they can be a moderating force in the negotiations . 
  ukraine : daughter of russia , but has since recently rebelled against him and wants to join the class too . 
  she 's always had a very difficult relationship with her dad . 
  the rest of the class is a bit anxious about her because they 're afraid she might cause conflicts . 
  she 's a bit insecure but really nice . 
  belarus : other daughter of russia , sticks very close to her dad and keeps herself apart from the group . 
  she tries to copy her dad . 
  moldova : troubled third daughter of russia , but she is really close to romania . 
  she is not entirely sure about where she belongs and her older sisters tell her something different than her friends . 
  whereas you 're right and it ' a fairly mild in comparison to basically any other youtube vid , there are still a couple of weird comments . 
  people defending hitler and all . 
  etc overall though you 're right , it 's not * that * radioactive as most other vids . 
  any ideas as to a way out ? 
  is , like in france , the labour market and fiscal restraint the problem in the economy , or what seems to be the most important obstacle at the moment ? 
  thank you for your answer though , i genuinely did n't know all of this . 
  surprised to see renzi 's name around again . 
  france : well dressed and cultured girl who used to be the class representative but still struggles with not being so anymore germany : quiet but studious and friendly guy with a very rowdy past who was chosen as class representative but worries about his rowdy past continuously italy : the kid who built the school in his primary school time but has n't really done anything now that he 's older uk : dude who always used to make sure class representatives did n't overstep their shit by making use of his seemingly endless family abroad , but has of late decided to move abroad too while staying in the same school . 
  spain : chill dude who is reliably moderate . 
  never really does much wild stuff and gets okay grades but ca n't really compete with the top performers . 
  likes to remind people that he too has a lot of family abroad . 
  portugal : guy sitting in the far back who likes to remind people that he discovered what was beyond the school perimeters . 
  went through a rough patch but going better now . 
  switzerland : quiet guy who does n't talk at all . 
  so everyone tells their secrets to him . 
  his desk is very well kept and he always shows up exactly when the bell rings . 
  austria : studious guy who used to be much more important in class elections than he is now . 
  went through a very rowdy period with germany but succesfully blames it on him . 
  secretly aspires to be like switzerland but talks more and loves music . 
  poland : hardworking guy who over the past couple of years has seen his grades go up . 
  some other people in the class used to burn his homework and killed his parents , for which he still begrudges them . 
  czechia : girl who really wants to blend in with the people sitting closer to the window , but masks previous rejection and domestic abuse by her uncle by going easy on her morals at times . 
  slovakia : former boyfriend of czechia , but when they decided to move against czechia 's abusing uncle they also ended their relationship . 
  they are still on very good terms , but the class does n't know him very well . 
  he kind of likes it that way , though . 
  belgium : guy suffering from split personality , but seems to keep up okay grades regardless . 
  he always invites everyone for class meetings and is generally very nice .
