  as a dutch citizen , your government has called me a nazi . 
  the dutch government has not said * anything * about the turkish people , despite portions of them stabbing oranges aggressively as violent symbolic . 
  the fact that in normal circumstances perhaps immediate entry would have been granted is no basis at all for insult , deception and sanctions . 
  well let 's not get ahead of ourselves . 
  gert-jan segers lived in egypt for seven years and apparently it is very much frowned upon there to call someone a bastard . 
  everybody is cheering this because the dutch did not allow themselves to be lied to , and misled in order to stage pro-erdogan rallies without their explicit permission to do so - after having been called a country full of nazis . 
  entering foreign countries with ( presumed ) armed guards and with decoys to confuse authorities infringes upon state sovereignty . 
  people support the dutch government 's choice to stand up against that . 
  i have never heard of this plan and would actually approve of it . 
  ca n't really see the problem with it . 
  edit : actually , do you guys have some more info on this ? 
  this 'd be amazing . 
  macron !, 
  fillon is centre right , although since his corruption problems moving further right . 
  macron is relatively centrist , and explicitly pro-eu . 
  23.000 votes and 80 % saying they believe ireland will be reunited in our lifetime . 
  interesting outcome . 
  i love seeing how far romania ( and in extension , the wider former soviet bloc ) has come in the democratic process in the last two decades . 
  let 's hope their parliament listens to their citizens and shows the progress which has been made to that purpose . 
  i think this is two-sided . 
  coming from the netherlands i ( pro-eu ) remain afraid that we lose our ability to promote and implement certain ideas if placed on a eu-wide podium . 
  would gay marriage have been legalised at the same time ? 
  if we get a structure where i start doubting the answer to that question , i start doubting the entire idea in general . 
  we would need a federalised project with yet enough power to deter the viktor orbans of the future . 
  if anything the german side would have been called the prussians to refer to what he said , but as an independent state they did not exist anymore . 
  no need to ask me whether i am serious about that , it 's just a fact . 
  whether the prussian spirit and influence ( as one of the german l\u00e4nder ) still was there is a different question but the kingdom of prussia did definitely not exist anymore . 
   any ww1 account from the british side will show that the prussian side were often called ` the germans ' . 
  yeah , that 's because * prussia did n't even exist anymore back then * . 
  you are a bit strong in your view i feel while it 's a good question to ask . 
  a large part of former kingdom ( not empire ! ), 
  of prussia , even the region which really was prussia ( oberpreussen if i 'm correct ) is now shared between poland , lithuania and russian kalinigrad . 
  regardless , colouring germany is works because of wwii . 
  similar so with italy & ukraine for example , both did n't exist as entities either during the time period poland had existed before the 20th century . 
  so it 's definitely something one can debate about , no need to just dismiss it . 
  no , according to the site ( http://www.gfk.com/insights/press-release/pp-europe/ ) the netherlands in general has much less disposable income than the belgians . 
  which is strange considering the dutch gni per capita is considerably higher and taxes are lower + cost of living has been taken out of the equation . 
  or the uncomfortable power of statisticians . 
  i looked into it a bit more and the more i see , the more sceptical i get . 
  so i dove into this given that i can not really believe how they do it . 
  it does n't really make much sense to me . 
  they define it as `` purchasing power is a measure of per-capita disposable income after the deduction of taxes and social security contributions and including any received state benefits . '', 
  so , to assess it i first looked at world bank data ( 1 ) to see what the income would be in the first place . 
  holland is listed as the third highest gni ( ppp ) in europe at 48.400 ( fr : 40.470 ; de : 48.260 ; be : 44.100 ) . 
  so , as they find taxes very important , i looked up average tax rates . 
  according to trading economics ( best overview i could find ) ( 2 ) , average income taxation was : nl 52.00 % ; be 53.70 % ; fr 50.20 % ; de 47.50 % . 
  in the article they find the richest province in the netherlands to have a purchasing power of 19.346 euros , which would only just compete with france 's average of 19.254 . 
  the average german would be almost 15 % better off than the richest dutch . 
  if cost of living is explicitly left out , then i call bullshit . 
  ( 1 ) http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/ny.gnp.pcap.pp.cd?end=2015&amp;start=1990&amp;view=map&amp;year_high_desc=false ( 2 ) http://www.tradingeconomics.com/country-list/personal-income-tax-rate, 
   country that 's where your argument in my opinion falls apart . 
  this is not a map of countries , but of much smaller regions . 
  the differences are way more clear than they should be , no gradations whatsoever in many cases . 
  that is simply wrong . 
  we are talking about so many places where apparently 10-20km has an enormous wealth division . 
  that does n't make sense to this degree . 
  there is no magic change between holland and germany in 5km . 
  border provinces are more similar , even with tax differences . 
  countries perhaps are n't . 
  the way it 's measured . 
  you see immediately how much land borders matter , that is usually in european maps a primary indicator that there 's something weird in the data . 
  it 's not like you cross the border and immediately everything is completely different . 
  there are many more borders like this . 
  german-polish border , dutch-german border french-spanish border etc. 
  there 's something fishy about it . 
  why not the moon and mars ? 
  no , it would n't . 
  we could just as well add the australian states then . 
  and the canadian . 
  mexican , russian etc. 
  this feels worse than 1940 :(, 
  still better than if it would 've been george w. bush versus trump in your analogy . 
  sarkozy is really not looked upon favourably in france . 
  i am afraid most native americans , aboriginals , maori or even regular indians would not share that viewpoint . 
  the fact that the belgians screwed up does n't mean that what the rest of us ( either french , dutch or british ) did should be marginalised . 
  is the danish one free ? 
  they definitely win this round . 
  let 's hope the dutch railways improve soon . 
   since the danish people are very pro eu . 
  look at any of those polls between 2008 ans now . 
  the danes have been fairly skeptical for a while . 
  makes 80 million people in somalia seem like nothing - where people are currently already dying of hunger . 
  very difficult to say for me . 
  what do you usually say ? 
  i would go with geographically saying southeastern europe but i am no expert at all . 
  income wise you 're a lot higher . 
  nominal gdps finland : 43k estonia : 17,5 k albania : 4k . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_sovereign_states_in_europe_by_gdp_ ( nominal ) _ per_capita percentage wise and absolute there is a whole lot of difference there . 
  estonia is definitely not decidedly more like finland than like albania on that regard . 
  then regarding greece and finland - i never said that the geographic division is n't arbitrary . 
  but then again , it 's not just only cold war politics which influenced that . 
  finland is geographically quite separated from the rest of europe to begin with , and austria is definitely not always marked as western europe - as i just said . 
  probably together with switzerland and czechia seen as central europe . 
  greece is a whole different bucket . 
  but then again , i have said a million times that the balkan countries should not fall under eastern europe . 
  it 's like you just * want * to push that narrative on me . 
  again , i am no expert and can be very wrong . 
  what i meant is that the communist era can not just be dismissed imo , that is the deciding similarity - causing relatively similar income levels , built environments and foreign politics along with a relatively similar historical trajectory since 1945 . 
  historic city centres near the ocean also are relatively similar btw i think ( though i ca n't say for estonia ) , like gd\u00e1nsk compared to for example riga . 
  very beautiful .
