  no need to give a multi-billion infrastructure project away right ? 
  this does n't solve the overproduction problem which we have in europe . 
  we need to fix that first and foremost . 
  free up cap-money and we 're golden . 
  this is exactly the spirit why many voters in the net-contributors are not a big fan of your countries ' membership . 
  it 's not just about getting more money from it . 
  how does it work precisely with the eu-battlegroups then ? 
  surely those also use eu-funds ? 
  i am afraid fdi will be one of the first areas in which the british economy is going to be hit . 
  then again , to this point it still is mostly speculation - although these kinds of articles do seem to signal a current trend rather than just speculative doomsday-talk . 
  we are always stronger together . 
  stds are also bearable , does n't mean that we should n't do our absolute best to avoid them . 
  it is so important that italy 's economy starts improving . 
  they 're europe 's 3rd economy and politically & economically most definitely not very stable yet . 
  it 's still only a modest improvement but let 's hope for it to keep improving !, 
  i 'm done with these articles . 
  let 's now just await what it 's going to be , we 'll speculate from there onwards . 
  it 's now speculating about a speculative agreement over speculative contents after a speculative period of negotiation . 
  this does n't help anyone . 
  ah , i understand now . 
  true !, 
  let 's hope you guys can get your government to act on it !, 
  that does n't change anything i 'm afraid . 
  passengers on a hypothetical bus driving into the busy crowd did n't want that either - yet it 's still their bus . 
  the time has come for europe to step up . 
  climate = / = geopolitical tool . 
  literally every single country on earth benefits from taking joint action . 
  if some choose not to , it should be the global community 's task to step up and bring them into line . 
  i am genuinely happy that our leaders and the chinese leaders seem to commit , and i still hope the americans can be convinced soon too . 
  different from most of these post-trump europe-this europe-that-articles , this one actually emphasises some interesting points . 
  iran & russia can be enormous markets for europe - and especially iran has little qualms with the eu27 . 
  there 's a lot of economic potential there . 
  then if trump is serious about protectionism , china & india will want access to the european markets to retain current economic results . 
  now , again , all this hitting the drums is unnecessary , but with good leadership i think there are genuine economic opportunities to be seized - and also for southern europe and eastern europe . 
  iranian tankers could go to piraeus or genua rather than rotterdam/hamburg . 
  that is quite unlikely . 
  not impossible , but virtually nobody has anything to gain from that and there still seems to be some room for negotiaton . 
  i really hope this works , this should be one of the big projects of the coming years . 
  but so many complications , i 'd be impressed if they succeed . 
  not very good , it 's all kind of stalled for the moment . 
  nothing to worry about though , they often take quite some time . 
  yes !, 
  imagine new zealand and australia joining . 
  one can dream . 
  or , you know , try to get 40 million germans to buy your shit against elevated prices :d, 
  i trust her judgement . 
  i genuinely do n't know what to think about it anymore . 
  think the underlying problem is integration , that should be the main policy focus . 
   will reddit hold her to the same standard as erdogan ? 
  yes !, 
  let me show you : ms merkel is a democratic leader who did not change the constitution , has not locked up political opponents and allows freedom of press . 
  she now prohibits foreign ( authoritarian ) countries from holding elections in her safe and wealthy country . 
  ms merkel seems to be a responsible and thoughtful leader . 
  or do you mean to say she is n't ? 
  even though i agree with you , i do n't think it has to sound so antagonising . 
   the afghanistan war was very unpopular in western europe and remains unpopular . 
  you are . 
  i am literally quoting you right now . 
  you did n't say anything about military support , you said the war was unpopular . 
  once i point out it was n't , you start talking about military numbers . 
  that was not the point . 
  you spin it around now . 
  you said that the war was unpopular , i say that there was massive global support for it and you come up with numbers of soldiers . 
  [ fact is ] ( http://www.pewglobal.org/2002/04/17/americans-and-europeans-differ-widely-on-foreign-policy-issues/ ) , at least 64 % of the french , 61 % of the germans , 59 % of the italians and 73 % of the british supported the war , 83 % of the americans did . 
  besides , if you want to argue about troop numbers and that stuff , sure enough . 
  the uk contributed 10k , germany 5 , france 4 , italy 4 , canada 3 , poland 2.5 , romania , netherlands 2 , spain & australia 1.5 , the list goes on . 
  i was n't even arguing about troop size but almost half the forces were non-american . 
  you ca n't say that there was no support , it 's plain insulting to those who died there . 
  let 's hope so !, 
  have a good day mate , 
  taiwan and the rapid militarisation of the south chinese sea above all , but sino-japanese claims over the senkaku islands and in a certain way north korea all ultimately boil down on a developing sino-american bid for retaining or regaining regional dominance in asia . 
  for now this is diplomatic , see new us alliances/security deals with indonesia , india , thailand and vietnam in recent history , on top of older alliances with singapore , japan , south korea , australia and the philippines . 
  no guarantee it will remain this way though , think about china 's maritime ambitions , japan 's constitutional changes ( opening up the possibulity of remilitarisation ) , chinese new naval bases in the south chinese sea against explicit us prohibitions etc. 
  the eu could play a role in preventing conflict there , as our only stake in the region is stability for the economy 's sake . 
  i do n't think it 's realistic to want that - and i do think and hope the eu pursues stability and peace on the continent . 
  our only way out of a decline in our power would perhaps be by setting up an enormous effort to start developing africa as a potential market . 
  which i support . 
  but absolutely no conflict meddling and that type of nonsense . 
  no , this is simply not true . 
  many chinese interests are fundamentally different from the european interest - to start off with the preservation of the current geopolitical status quo . 
  that said , the eu should pursue good relations with china and where possible act as an intermediary between arising sino-american conflicts . 
  that would give the eu a lot of positive standing , which it could also use to incorporate china into the current multilateral geopolitical structure of ` the first world ' ( that name needs to change too ) , like japan and south korea did . 
  that would be a tremendous step to the preservation of peace for our generation . 
  realpolitik should not hinder more liberalist approaches to multilateral cooperation i think . 
  edit : democracy as an institution will at some point will have to be introduced though , if only for the sake of stability . 
  this really is n't true , there was massive global support to help the us in afghanistan , plus the fact that the us called upon nato for aid . 
  it was only war fatigue which set in later - on a fairly similar scale as it went on the other side of the atlantic . 
  it was iraq which really antagonised the situation . 
  alternative facts !, 
  mwah , as the other comment already indicated is france a bit more complicated i would reckon . 
  it 's rather two groups of affiliated parties rather than just two parties . 
  similar thing with most european countries actually , although the dutch one is a bit extreme . 
  with the exception of the uk ( please add other exceptions ! ), 
  most european countries are multiparty , not two-party systems . 
  the necessity of compromise is the fatal blow for most extreme parties . 
  either they succumb and have to moderate ( probably best exemplified by nationalists in switzerland , norway and denmark ) or they will most likely never wield real power . 
  edit : having said that , two-party systems are more stable in that those extreme parties can not rise in the first place - unless one of them goes extreme . 
  then you 're kinda screwed . 
  til my dad is called bob rost, 
  i agree .
