  but the current government 's rhetoric and ( proposed ) lawmaking does not conform to those foundations of liberal democracy . 
  and that 's a very slippery slope . 
   example of poland antagonising well , for example the fact that the polish government is currently preparing a bill demanding ww2 war reparations from germany suddenly ? 
   why should everyone be liberal ? 
  because in this context ( * liberal democracy * ) it means that we at least give a shot at equality in front of the law , representative politics and respect for human rights . 
  if poland wants to belong to the west ( which it now does , and which i think the entire west is very happy about ) it needs to keep respecting that , and its current government does n't . 
  poland is part of the european and wider western family , and we should all hope to keep it that way . 
  but the current government 's rhetoric and ( proposed ) lawmaking does not conform to those foundations of liberal democracy . 
  and that 's a very slippery slope . 
   do n't make the rest of us go down to hell with you . 
  going down as in opposing liberal democratic values , embattling a independent judiciary and antagonising neighbours and allies by an extremely conservative , nationalist party ruling with nigh absolute power ? 
  yeah , that 'd * suck * . 
   the other one would be defeated in like weeks . 
  and what then ? 
  international environment on our backs , russia angry ( if haftar is ousted ) , and before you know it we get iraq style insurgencies against foreign intervention . 
  first we need to go all-in to get libya together without european boots on the ground for as long as we can , it 's in our own interest . 
  cooperate with the arab league , african union & un , plus bilateral partners ( us , china ) . 
  similarly we should also * really * prop up our support for tunisia . 
  democratic , stable government which holds back migrants on the very edge of europe . 
  take it as a compliment . 
  people envy success . 
  not sure if / s or not these days, 
  yeah , although i fully agree with it being the uk 's best scenario it also seem highly unrealistic . 
  just plain and simple : brexit success endangers the eu future and thereby every country 's national economies . 
  the uk needs to find something to break that vested interest of the eu , a viable alternative . 
  and i do n't really see one . 
  believe it when i see it . 
  yeah you 're right . 
  i did n't downvote the other guy either , it 's a good sidenote . 
  and definitely something good to know . 
  it can . 
  but then again , they also had and have different views on political economy . 
  i think we 're being a bit pessimistic here - for some reason many people in general seem to be quite sure of sweden 's imminent demise for all kinds of reasons . 
  i genuinely do n't buy into it . 
  a highly educated , highly competitive , innovative , highly developed country with a very developed infrastructure , good international relations and highly integrated in the global and regional economy with a highly diversified economy and one of the lowest public debt percentages on earth . 
  and economic growth fueled by domestic demand , which is usually also usually more durable than exports and imports . 
  now sure private debt is one of sweden 's problems , but i would for now just be happy about this news and work on reducing the private debt on a more optimist , and in my eyes realist , note . 
  it is economically going quite well in sweden . 
  that 's reality in my eyes . 
  mwah , every country has some problems . 
  there 's perhaps 4-5 countries who would n't want to trade theirs for yours . 
  but i fully agree with you , there 's a problem there . 
  i think it is much more manageable given the low public debt though . 
  and even that is not that bad compared to many other countries . 
  though it is indeed a lot less rosy than the public debt . 
  your government debt is peanuts as a % of gdp compared to virtually every other country in the world . 
  sweden is just doing really well . 
  well there 's the part of brussels not speaking dutch, 
  your comment should be higher up , you 're a 100 % right . 
  though it could be that there have been relative changes , but from an absolute pov you 're spot on . 
  nah it mostly depends on germany . 
  wherever germany goes , we go due to economic reality . 
  we would want to exert influence on the direction which is taken , but we mostly end up taking whichever direction germany goes . 
  he did n't like other hands to begin with . 
  ( i 'm genuinely sorry for this joke ), 
   are we going to do the same to turks , hungarians , etc. . . ? 
  are you going to insult them too then ? 
   just because you dutch get a stiffy whenever brits are named . . 
  i crown you king of generalisations , all are to bow before thy . 
  calm down my friend . 
  it 's true that i feel this sub has been very anti-british and i think it 's good we have a thread to express that we 're still extremely fond of them . 
  even if you yourself might not . 
  quick !, 
  let 's set up a global salt donation fund to try and raise their boiling temperature before the english realise . 
  i think brexit is part of a larger story . 
  there seems to be political renewal ( macron ) , economic perspective ( growth ) , there is still ` the other ' ( russia , turkey ) and now it also appears that `` popular alternatives '' do n't seem to solve anything ( trump , brexit ) . 
  the fact that it went up so much in one year can also mean that it can go down like that . 
  let 's hope brussels realises that . 
  edit : and i forgot about the relative devrease in coverage of the immigration topics . 
  russians of reddit , what do you think of this ? 
  i feel like with an 80 percent approval rating these things are n't * that * important , but i could very well be wrong . 
  in general i am a bit conflicted by this supermajority . 
  i am huge fan of macron , but supermajorities and quick bypasses of democratic processes feel a bit double , because one can not just support such measures just because you support the policy . 
  if trump were to do it we would be livid about bypassing democracy for instance . 
  let 's see how it works out though . 
  the cohabitation gridlocks ( or his revolting party ) also did n't work , it 's probably better this way . 
  i want the old uk back . 
  how different did things look just a bit more than a year ago ? 
  one can hope . 
  but realistically , that is not going to happen . 
  we do n't want to compete - and should n't . 
  our alliance is currently the cornerstone of the western-led world order . 
  eu needs us for that , us needs eu for that . 
  such is the simple reality . 
  everyone gets a free bmw and a year-long home-delivered beer subscription !, 
  this has been britain 's plan all along . 
  imagine what they 'll get after theh rejoin in 20 years . 
  you eloquently expressed my thoughts . 
  i 'm not saying i agreed with it , but look at how much nuance you need to bring in - which the average non-politically engaged voter does n't necessarily get . 
  ultimately what you are saying is that your government is not able to collect the subsidies which could be rightfully yours , right ? 
  that 's not how joe average in germany , the benelux , the nordics and britain will perceive it . 
  they do n't believe the eu was meant for wealth distribution , and that a part of their 900 euros is just being wasted for free roads in `` the east '' . 
  that is why the eu was , and is , in trouble . 
  it 's a shame how the only party really backing no brexit ( libdem ) seems to be completely on the sidelines for this one . 
  edit : to be fair , tim farron is n't exactly the best leader around . 
  i 'm just saying that it 's an ( understandable ) shame . 
  always had very good experiences with them too , both here and in the uk . 
  really hope the negiotators can struck a deal which does n't alienate our countries . 
  yeah , on purpose . 
  additionally , why do n't we do this ourselves ?
