  netherlands : chill guy who grew quite rich as the class ' drug delivery guy . 
  people listen to him because he 's good friends with germany , but nothing more . 
  ( jesus this is a lot of work ) hungary : former longtime girlfriend of austria , but her background was so different that they split up . 
  her uncle came in and abused her for a long time , but she does n't really seem to like the class either . 
  sweden : smart and well performing girl who generally does n't meddle in conflicts and is liked by everyone in the class . 
  she built her own desk . 
  denmark : sweden 's brother , although he at times is a bit more vocal when he feels like the class should listen to him more . 
  norway : sister of denmark & sweden who found the family savings under her bed , which she has invested so she can now have hardwood desks and premium paper . 
  the baltics : ( individually too difficult :( ) after a long period of domestic abuse they finally are part of the class and they really participate all the time . 
  have ambitions to become friends with the scandinavian family . 
  finland : kid at the back who snook in some booze . 
  thinks the rest of the class did n't see it , but they just do n't mind because they know he 'll get good grades . 
  ireland : has a tricky relationship with his older brother ( uk ) with whom a long fight seems to have settled in friendship again . 
  deep down sad that he 's moving abroad , especially because he is kind of proud about how well his grades have been . 
  like finland he sneaks in some booze too . 
  serbia : dude in trainers and adidas tracksuit responsible for a school shooting after a rough period not too long ago , but everything seems to be okay now . 
  the school is scared of it happening again , and everyone keeps an eye on him to make sure he 's doing alright . 
  croatia & slovenia : serbia 's younger brothers who came out of the school shooting without much attention . 
  has succesfully recovered since and because of his nice garden hosts other classmates over the summer more and more . 
  greece : the old dude in the class . 
  built the kindergarten building . 
  he 's also broke , but the class thinks he is so important to the class that he should always be in . 
  it is very difficult for him to afford it , and even though the class asks a lot of him , he tries his best to comply and get better grades . 
  romania & bulgaria : ambitious young guys with a very troublesome recent past . 
  works really hard to get his grades up and gain computer skills . 
  even though some of the classmates joke about it , he seems to succeed . 
  they enjoy being asked for help by the rest . 
  russia : the uncle who used to abuse some of the kids in the class but now has become increasingly insecure about himself . 
  as he is a bit afraid of retaliation he resorted to tough talk , but does n't always realise that people only grow more angry . 
  usa : much feared class teacher . 
  everyone thinks they do n't need his help anymore to keep the abusive uncle out but at the same time everyone recognises that perhaps they do . 
  the class goes to great lenghts to tell him why the class has its shit better sorted out but ultimately class & teacher are more similar than they want to admit . 
  turkey : muslim guy on the class waitlist who used to be pretty chill about religion , though partly out of frustration with the waitlist length has started doing weird things and growing more religious . 
  undoubtedly forgot someone , please excuse me in advance . 
  also did not mean to offend at all !, 
  edit : ah of course ; luxembourg : the banker kid . 
  comes to school in a maserati and sells loans to his classmates . 
  lives in a tiny apartment , but everything is made of gold . 
  after having built the school together with greece in their primary school period . 
  can someone please care to explain what is going on in italy ? 
  i thought renzi stepped down . 
  the article does n't really explain it to me . 
  the pd is still in power with a different pm ; when are the elections and what does renzi want ( was n't the reform his prime idea ? 
  fun video , but as always the comments are radioactive . 
  this is an amazing analogy . 
  as a dutchman , i agree with this . 
  it 's america this america that , let 's quit it . 
  it 's immature and also quite hypocritical because it has a very better-than-thy vibe too it . 
  which is exactly what we say we do n't . 
  it makes us look like assholes , and frankly if we are so convinced of ourselves we should show that by leading by example . 
  not by finger-pointing . 
  this kind of stuff , sad as it is , can really be an opportunity for the eu to improve its image . 
  inregret what i am going to say , but no stronger binding factor than a common threat . 
  have you ever considered doing an ama at some point ? 
  we should have done this with our natural gas money too in nl . 
  good to hear you 're doing well guys !, 
  the year is 1967 . 
  the day is 27 april . 
  in utrecht , nl , dark clouds suddenly opened up and the sun shone through to reveal the birth of a newborn . 
  the fresh morning light shining upon the baby was to be the first sign indicating the potential glory and wisdom of willy , heir to the dutch throne . 
  this , my friends from all over europe , is why the netherlands will go nuts in a couple of days and celebrate the birth of our king . 
  it sounds kind of cultlike and jokingly when i write it like this , but we do actually celebrate his birthday on the 27th with a huge national holiday . 
  do n't know whether it counts as history but a fun story ca n't hurt in these gloomy days . 
  edit : ~ ~ the weather part may or may not be true ~ ~, 
  it is quite depressing to think that everyone can theoretically be morbidly obese without knowing . 
  this comment is so symbolic for the way things are going . 
  two years ago we would have stood shoulder to shoulder , and now look at what has become normal rhetoric in this sub . 
  from both sides , but still . 
  so britain , france and germany * together * would have trouble getting 3 brigades ( that 's usually less than 15.000 men ) together within a full month . 
  that 's genuinely not good . 
  what did i just read, 
  yeah those flags in the background contrast beautifully , first thing i noticed . 
  let 's hope nobody got injured , as the article indicates for now . 
  it should not be that hard to run on an anti-brexit platform would it ? 
  literally half the country was against it . 
  i really do n't get labour on this . 
  however , the us remains no. 1 and the uk gains a place to become 4th . 
  i am just as willing to join the bandwagon , but truth is that both trump & brexit do not seem to have had any negative economic effects so far . 
  this election is getting to the point were it is just insane . 
   a specter is haunting europe -- the specter of jean-luc m\u00e9lenchon . 
   europe 's stalingrad aside from the fact that stalingrad was european to begin with , i can not stand such hyperbolic language in what is supposed to be quality media . 
  and i do n't want to throw it onto america this america that , it 's just a general tendency . 
  i genuinely hate it . 
  i know a lot of people are sceptical about this kind of stuff in europe , but i have genuinely been thinking about it for quite a while . 
  i would love to hear your thoughts on this , do you think it would benefit us ? 
   does it shock you it happens in the us ? 
  not at all , why would it ? 
  and it 's only going to go worse . 
  a large majority of blacks live in incredibly segregated communities , earn a bit more than half of the whites in the country , get completely ignored politically ( did n't 92 % vote democratic ) and also suffer from immense societal disadvantages ranging from worse healthcare to education to police violence . 
  * yet some white scum is still protesting they 're being oppressed * . 
  inequality is already big and it is still on the rise . 
  you are going to get more problens from that at some point . 
  compared to europe by the way , i think there is less `` open '' racism in the us . 
  open an / r/askanamerican thread and they are keen to point this out all the time . 
  yet from an institutional point of view the us is so incredibly much more racist . 
  if you 're interested , read * american apartheid * by massy and denton . 
  in my mind it was basically more like a rectangle . 
  i did n't think sweden really had a southern `` tip '' . 
  i 've even been to that area , just never dawned on me that the coastline goes south too . 
  oh woah you 're completely right .
