  then there are the weird stories surrounding him listening to nancy reagan 's weird colour obsession beliefs and him slowly getting alzheimer 's later on . 
  i genuinely think he was one of the , if not the worst us presidents in the 20th century . 
  i do n't know . 
  i love europe for its small villages with histories going back thousands of years . 
  the small village bakery housed in a former medieval farmhouse , you know ? 
  and they 're everywhere . 
  sure , large parts of it are new crappy houses which are identical to virtually everywhere , but there are so many of those around with a gorgeous little village square where time seems to have stood still . 
  all these little towns be it in france , england , italy , czechia or romania : there are hundreds surrounding all of us . 
  mind you , there is so much beautiful nature as well ( the black forest , the lake district , the alps etc ) . 
  it 's just that it is n't really wild anymore . 
  the only way to get that back is by giving up our countrysides , and i do n't think we should - better just accept that we have to go elsewhere for that . 
  want a hug bro ? 
  or a rational counterargument , how about that !, 
  we get to see so many different kinds of people , places and cities nearby with an incredible infrastructure in most of continental eurooe because of it . 
  the number of gorgeous cities , landscapes , different cultures , cuisines , economic opportunities and holiday destinations within a reasonable distance ( supported by extensive infrastructure and cheap flights - partly made possible by population density ) from where you are right now is a unique feature of europe . 
  there 's drawbacks , but do also know the advantages , 
  i laughed at your comment but checked it before commenting . 
  turns out you 're serious . 
  til, 
  you could ask this question for each country and still not have enough time . 
  i 'm not even kidding , countries like spain , italy and france have enough to spend a full year of travelling . 
  if you insist , visit major capitals , ancient ruins and also try to visit the countryside of most countries too . 
  that is often a way more unique and impressive memory than just cities . 
  nah that 's good , i love it . 
  we should n't take ourselves so seriously all the time !, 
  nah that 's good , i love it . 
  we should n't take ourselves so seriously all the time !, 
   which until today has no land connection to the rest of the netherlands . 
   until today sooo we get antwerp tomorrow ? 
  * nice * . 
   and we 're retaking zeeuws vlaanderen by [ colonizing it with flemish people ] ( http://nos.nl/artikel/2122604-belgen-nemen-zeeuws-vlaanderen-over.html ) , so that 's one way of getting it `` back '' from the dutch . 
  that 's a fun way of saying that our belgians bros have finally seen the light and want to rejoin  all jokes aside we 're so close nowadays all of this does n't matter . 
  not that it has ever really been different btw , except for a brief post-independence period we 've never really had big quarrels i think . 
  after being de facto independent for - unsurprisingly - 80 years already . 
  i think you would realisticaly see multiple regional cooperations close in . 
  also depending on how the us would handle it . 
  realistically : scandinavia pulls together tightly , benelux pulls together tightly , visegrad 4 pull together , baltics pull together . 
  in the end i would expect everyone to team up again though . 
  france , the benelux and germany will always reorganise into a common structure i think . 
  and then economic and political interests start functioning again too . 
  their are + / - 25 countries then which would start reconsidering whether they really want to miss out on that economic/political group and i frankly do n't see all those countries chose to go at it alone . 
  i do n't really see all of italy , austria , spain , czechia , portugal and the baltics refusing membership of that group . 
  and then you basically end up with an eu 2.0 . 
  the difficulties of today 's eu are numerous but frankly in the long run i do n't see viable alternatives which can ensure similar economic fortune . 
  so much this . 
  if you look at how tense the post-brexit uk relationship with the eu has become , it shows how much circumstances will influence this . 
  compared to all the positive things in the past 70 years the period since 2000 has been rather bleak , but i do think overall just still a net contributor . 
  the american role in the economic crisis and middle eastern politics definitely have had a negative impact , but the continued alliance , general economic direction , technological advancements and multitude of generally shared values on a political stage ( democracy , freedom , human rights ) are enough to compemsate for it i think . 
  with your roads getting out of the country was hopeless in the first place , that 's why we 're all coming to you . . 
  you ca n't tell me a country of barely 17m people could be a global superpower today without some weird stuff happening first my friend . 
   we escaped the great depression i am afraid you might need to read more about what caused that dude with his peculiar arm gestures to get so many votes in the first place . 
  my student debt count is more contested than the argument that it was a significant factor in why things unfolded the way it did in germany . 
  which is n't a lot unfortunately . 
  because the netherlands is a tiny country in both size and population . 
  the fact that it at some point was a global superpower is already an actual historical miracle to begin with . 
  the level of extreme per capita wealth inequality between the low countries and essentially every other european country bar northern italy in that period ( 17th-early 18th century ) was always going to disappear - and that was the only way in which the netherlands could ever be a superpower . 
  those same conditions would apply today . 
  it took civil wars abroad and a wide variety of technological , military , social and economic factors both at home and abroad to create that . 
  those factors just simply changed e.g. 
  england and france stopped having civil wars , england got liberal and capitalist too ( in part due to the dutch intervention in the glorious revolution ) etc etc. 
  and then those differences vanish quickly . 
  i mean there 's some historical movements which advocated for a greater netherlands ( including flanders and luxembourg ) , but a real movement does n't really exist anymore i think . 
  perhaps in some far-right circles . 
  though i do think most people know of it in a joking manner , reality is that nobody really cares . 
  only if flanders would actually want to join themselves it could be a topic perhaps , but that is never going to happen . 
  plus the benelux cooperation is already super close , and we 're basically best buds . 
  i honestly do n't really know for the netherlands . 
  recently there was mh17 of course . 
  the 1953 flood is also deeply ingrained in dutch societal memory . 
  probably the most tragic moment in our history might have been the bombing of rotterdam in 1940 . 
  there were some very tragic events ( the 1672 invasion , the napeolonic wars ) , but rotterdam 's bombing is probably the most tragic one . 
  have n't you heard ? 
  we bought new york back yesterday and got alaska with it for half the price . 
  have n't you heard ? 
  we bought new york back yesterday and got alaska with it for half the price . 
  have n't you heard ? 
  we bought new york back yesterday and got alaska with it for half the price . 
  although everyone absolutely loves canada i feel like from a military pov belgium and germany are our natural allies , with luxembourg . 
  at this point we basically share our militaries with the benelux navy cooperations and the german tank division cooperation . 
  that said , canada is really high up . 
  but it 's more an emotional bond of gratitude from our side rather than mutual geopolitical alliances with them . 
  france , germany and the benelux are going to be together regardless of what scenario for the future there is i think . 
  even if the eu would completely fail , i do n't ever see cooperations between those countries reverse anymore . 
  there 's a group of countries where it feels like it 's hardly possible for it to be reversed , but for these countries it 's basically impossible not to end up together . 
  surprising comments here . 
  i would like to see the eu a ( more ) democratic institution which people see as a peaceful cooperative institution which promotes freedom , democracy , prosperity and ( scientific ) innovation throughout europe . 
  a beacon of stability , cooperation and security . 
  a community of countries where we are all proud of our own national heritage and culture , but also increasingly acknowledge a common european identity . 
  there are many bumps along the road , but i really do n't think we should listen to all the doom-sayers about refugees and islamisation - we can both develop a more sensible policy on that and work towards set vision . 
   the netherlands is no longer a member , as it does n't exist thanks to the united states 's withdrawal from the paris climate accords . 
  to make up for it , we made a new state next to israel . 
  the dutch live there now . 
  you mean france flooded and we poldered our way through the med from france to lebanon ? 
  we do n't negotiate with water bro . 
  just make sure they are not to be allowed to learn german !, 
  currently in portland - i agree that in terms of politics and thinking it seems one of the most similar places in the us . 
  in terms of urban planning i am not quite sure yet . 
  still the grid structure , a modern architecture setup and wide streets - but they do have public transportation and a very walkable city . 
  new orleans i agree and to me was and is the most unique city in the us . 
  not european , not american , not caribbean - it has elements of all .
