  regarding quality of life etc it 's all very similar , hence the finnish-dutch competition on this sub . 
  nature surrounding helsinki is a lot nicer though , much more like canada i imagine . 
  tl : dr leiden , because is part of a wider urban area which is already in itself quite fun , but it is very easy to get out of it to travel to other european places . 
  so i 'm promoting picking nl because you can leave it so easily - hope that i can take the liberty to say that without sounding like some sort of patriot . 
  western europe is quite small but not * that * small . 
  even tiny tiny netherlands north to south is more than 2 hours . 
  i reckon those are developments which also just converge . 
  the better the economy , the less the brain drain persists . 
  do you think the brain drain would be much different without the eu ? 
  probably more independent foreign policies , the creation of a european army , and hopefully substantial discourse about how exactly the eu can be reformed for the better . 
  that you are better off asking somewhere in a greek sub rather than asking a subreddit for 740 million people about a small island with barely 30k . 
  do n't mean to sound like an ass , that 's genuinely my advice . 
  on the other hand you could argue that tourism is a way for people in the country to interact with the west , which could evolve into growing pressure to change . 
  if they see well-dressed , happy , healthy , tall and friendly westerners they might rethink how bad it actually is over there . 
  and then the system comes under pressure . 
  i genuinely do n't think we really have rednecks . 
  probably the best guess would be the achterhoek or twente , but even there it 's quite urbanised and highly educated . 
  always something i found interesting about the south and especially the north : even though they 're rural areas for the most part , they really do n't come across as redneck at all . 
  probably the most down to earth and normal people in the country . 
  mind = blown, 
  fun story man . 
  so , how about germany , the netherlands & scandinavia ? 
  especially the latter has the highest quality of life in the world . 
  i seem to recall it 's the way dutch is spoken in haarlem . 
  whenever i go there i do feel like it 's such perfect dutch , but it 's also a bit of a confirmation bias . 
  i beg to differ . 
  i grew up in the countryside too , and it does depend on who you are friends with . 
  there 's always a group like that , but also more `` randstad-like '' groups . 
  plus i do n't think it 's a good representation of dutch culture at large , but you already indicated that . 
  still a fun docu though . 
  genuinely happy with the non-europeans visiting this sub too , big fan of these askan . . subreddits in general . 
  then again you just called us friendly so i guess that helps a lot in me appreciating you , 
  probably multiple reasons . 
  first , there has always been a particular mindset across the globe which disassociated the balkans with europe for reasons unknown to me . 
  balkans = / = southeastern europe in the popular conception . 
  my bet would be that this is a remainder of the good old turkey/ottomans being european or not discussion - who used to possess the area . 
  that greece is considered so much more european i can not explain . 
  in general this has been changing i reckon though , especially for countries like croatia and slovenia . 
  note that this line of thinking was also extended to the former eastern bloc , where we easily disregard the hungarian revolution in '56 and the prague spring in '68 in the narrative of `` 70 years of peace '' . 
  tl ; dr point 1 : it 's the western european perspective . 
  second , most people would consider it a yugoslavian civil war rather than a european inter-state war . 
  it 's an argument which bears some merit : ultimately the different peoples/nations within yugoslavia went to war , it was in that sense less of an agressive war between established states . 
  the combination of these arguments make that in the past seventy years there have hardly been any inter * state * wars , something very uncommon in european history . 
  this is strengthened by the fact that this is mostly the perspective from western europe , but backed by former eastern bloc countries which did not really fight any interstate wars either ( even though of their peculiar `` occupied '' status ) , like poland , romania and the baltics . 
  that would be my guess . 
  tl ; dr western european narratives of `` total peace '' , `` relative peace '' experienced in most of the eastern bloc leading to this narrative , in combination with the blurry intrastate va interstate nature of the yugoslavian conflict . 
  but then we 're also the type of guy who keeps on mentioning the loan all the time to help us feel relevant . 
  our small place is always neatly ordered and tabs are kept on every single item which is generally well maintained stuff . 
  secretly though we admire our american cousin 's huge ranch even though its a bit ill-maintained at times and his willingness to be someone different than our very model urban citizen lifestyle . 
  it 's rather that the dutch got it from the czechs , but historically it aligns with dutch colonists and their use of the daalder in that period . 
  so the both of you do n't mutually exclude each other . 
  languages evolve , and words borrowed from other languages might in turn be borrowed from another third language . 
   portugal  no spain someone is going to feel salty, 
  i raise you my hand , reward you with an upvote and save this for further use my friend . 
  generally good relations with most , but especially with the flemish and the germans we are very tight in holland . 
  surinam : nl-surinamese relations are still really close , it is on the news quite often . 
  large number of surinamese people has also had a very good impact on culture , most people love surinam food ( roti ! ), 
  indonesia : not so much , relations & public view are not much different than say malaysia . 
  culturally though because of the large number of people from indonesian descent we are a lot closer - indonesian food is great . 
  south-africa : mixed views . 
  both because of the apartheid history & british rule it 's a bit odd . 
  difference is also a lack of sa descent people in nl . 
  more favourable than any african country though , and i feel like relations have been improving . 
  think there 's a lot to win in nl-sa relations . 
  dutch caribbean : like surinam , also really close . 
  especially the countries which are still part of the country , though i feel like we should pay more attention to it . 
  but people feel close to them . 
  even though there are a lot of people of antillean descent in nl , they have had less of an impact on the culture i think . 
  new ~ ~ amsterdam ~ ~ york : always welcome to return guys !, 
  not much different from the rest of the us , but i feel like nyc has more of a `` connection '' , though that is probably mostly just its general global appeal . 
  probably belongs in the `` the rest '' - category but hey . 
  ~ ~ belgium ~ ~ the rest ( e.g. 
  taiwan , sri lanka , south-india , parts of brazil ) never really materialised/lasted long enough to have a really big impact . 
  most of the other areas were not much more than trading outposts , and hence no special relationships if remembered at all . 
   ~ ~ spanish netherlands 2.0 when ? ~ ~ you bring sun & paella , we bring king willy and cash ? 
  hebban olla vogala ( . . ) ( old dutch for `` have all birds ( . . ) '' ) . 
  11th century . 
  i have lived in both places . 
  i have never had waiting lists anywhere in europe ( nl and germany ) . 
  as of right now i am not treating some issues because the cost is so high that i want to wait until i am back in the netherlands . 
  i just ca n't afford it . 
  edit : also this attitude is exactly what provokes many europeans to say stuff which we should n't say all the time . 
  all the europe this europe that is n't really constructive . 
  but if you want to force the argument , go around asking 100 people in the us whether they would prefer the danish healthcare system , to give an example , and you 'll see that your `` common man being able to afford it '' - claims are nonsense . 
  it 's not true that europe is some sort of paradise ( i wish it was ) , but for the love of all that 's holy , do n't act like the us is either . 
  yeah it does actually . 
  yeah let 's make the german anthem english , that 'll solve `` the problem '' . 
  alternatively : wilhelmus van nassouwe , aux armes citoyens !, 
  l'italia s ' e desta , god save the queen !, 
  imagine the germans singing their anthem in german , that 's basically hypernationalism man . 
  but this is where it all goes wrong too though . 
  those american states had fairly similar outlooks from the beginning , a shared culture and were very young without strong nationalist sentiments . 
  yet they still fought a war over a ( albeit prominent ) domestic political issue . 
  now extrapolate to a vastly more different , nationalist , culturally heterogenous ( also from a geopolitical pov ) and historically separate continent . 
  although the idea is admirable , i doubt we could succeed in peace where the us needed war . 
  honestly , the only way i really see the eu federalise is if it became under imminent security threat . 
  and that 's a situation we should avoid in general i think . 
  what is your professional situation ? 
  what is your citizenshio status ? 
  you are most definitely right in your nuance .
