  100 % see your point there . 
  i have been to denver and new york city in the last 6 months and i really disagree with you . 
  even those two cities themselves are very different . 
  i really have difficulties finding similarities between them three . 
  perhaps specific parts , but for the rest i really do n't see it . 
  denver is still an extremely car focused , quite spread out and relatively isolated city for instance . 
  i have no data for it , but denver 's public transport does not warrant for a comparison to nyc/ams . 
  and nyc in turn has virtually no biking infrastructure for daily commutes - although it does have a good ( aged ) public transport system . 
  urban planning in these cities has followed different patterns and those have not changed the cities themselves . 
  unless something has drastically changed in the last few weeks . 
  let 's throw some reliable and good statistics in as an answer : http://www.pewglobal.org/2017/06/26/u-s-image-suffers-as-publics-around-world-question-trumps-leadership/ short answer : europeans have a + / - 80 % positive view of americans , whereas only a 5-20 % approval of its government - and especially trump . 
  that 's true . 
  and that is also because there are no real inter-school competitions to begin with . 
  sports are via clubs , and not via school . 
  similarly to how in the us you would n't take pride in your kindergarten or elementary school . 
  that just continues for most europeans i feel . 
  sure there 's a specisl connection but no need to wear stuff . 
  super good to read that , very good to know . 
  i can definitely get behind all your points , understand where you 're coming from . 
  enjoy hearing your perspective , 
  you 're forgetting about the wars with mexico and spain , and then still you are completely losing yourself into a stupid narrative of the us not being tremendously important in ww2 - just like the ussr and the uk . 
  you 're lowering yourself to his standard now , do n't do that . 
  as a fellow dutchman i 'm pretty interested in hearing what you think are disadvantages , if you do n't mind sharing ? 
  always good to hear things from a different perspective . 
  this is just bending reality . 
  the americans tech sector is a lot bigger and more important than ours . 
  acknowledging that should be our starting point . 
  after spending several months in california ( but travelling ) i would say it is one of the things i missed most . 
  freeways are often completely locked up , have a lot of stuff on the sides ( ranging from general trash to full car parts ) and in general are made of very loud concrete . 
  it is a very noticeable sound . 
  highways are generally maintained so much better , they are of very good quality and make use of well maintained asphalt . 
  usually also gorgeous roads . 
  local roads within cities are the worst i have seen in any developed country i have visited . 
  potholes everywhere , unequal pavements , in general just horrific maintenance . 
  moreover i really dislike the prominence of 4-way stop signs ( it 's also terrible for the environment ) and think that roundabouts could often really improve traffic flow . 
  which , again , partly because of high use but also partly because of terrible planning and maintenance , are always very very busy . 
  the pavements really depend . 
  in the richer areas of cities pavements can be good to extremely good ( even with grass or plants included ) . 
  however the counterargument is that there are also areas where there just is no sidewalk at all and it 's just a long road of neonlighted suburban fastfoodmalls . 
  so it depends how you look at it there . 
  i would like to add that i have often had problems with getting fast internet . 
  people like to bring up the excuse of the country 's size , but that argument is nonsense if you live in the cities - only ( and then perfectly understandable ) in the countryside . 
  in general i experienced that many americans - especially in socal - do n't really seem to object against traffic jams anymore . 
  it 's weird to me to see how overcommercialised everything is , but the enormous , enormous economic loss of having thousands and thousands of people throw away possible productive time in traffic jams is somehow okay . 
  infrastructure investment in the us is in my eyes one of its biggest areas for potential growth . 
  i 'll not even begin about public transport . 
  admittedly in many cities the layout is just not fitting , but also in cities like nyc and chicago i feel like the trains are still outdated and dirty . 
  but they work well and get you places . 
  uber for instance is in that sense not per se an achievement of american innovation , it 's more of a creative fix if anything . 
  last thing , even though they are often way to expensive and the general idea revolts me , the toll roads are some of the most well paved roads i have seen . 
  very pleasant . 
  tl ; dr with the exception of highways - which are amazing - , roads are very often unworthy of a developed country . 
  freeways not per se but often so jammed that it 's bizarre how little of a political issue it is . 
  to put it simply : there is a fairly large job market ( mostly related to a large dairy sector ) , but not speaking dutch will probably diminish your chances given that it is a competitive market . 
  there might be zoos where there is potential for you , but realistically , if you want to work as a vet i think speaking dutch is quite important . 
  now if you want to do research , there is the utrecht veterinarian school , or said zoos where you could probably find employment without mastery of dutch . 
  your best guess would be to approach it that way i think . 
  there had always been the cultural ( religion & quite conservative ) , economic ( turkey 's development is a lot different than most eu members ) and geopolitical ( eu bordering syria & iraq ) issues . 
  i think culturally and economically a prolonged period of growth and europe-oriented policies could have gone a long way and opened up the road to a possible later admission . 
  however , the way in which erdogan has competely sidelined many of the people in support for such policies by infringing on the democratic institutions and secularisation of turkey have made it an easy no . 
  no space for authoritarians in the eu . 
  i do like to remind myself of a period pre-1917 where russia was seen as a fairly normal european power . 
  or further back , the peter the great period . 
  i do hope post-putin russia can move in such a direction again . 
  in its traditional style as a constructive partner in the concert of europe . 
  interestingly enough , in an interview with the economist this was exactly what german top diplomat ischinger also stated - that it is important to keep the door open for russia . 
  now , the eu itself is a wholly different ball game . 
  the entire current flare-up of tense relations essentially seems to come down to great power status . 
  that would have to be abonded virtually completely . 
  then there is the enormous economic gap which would still need to be made up - cash transfers would be very difficult to justify in most of western europe . 
  even though russia 's population is rapidly declining , it basically having the same number of seats as germany and france combined again would be very troublesome . 
  in an ideal future i think it is feasible that at some point russia might join the eea . 
  but for it to become a voting member i think a lot of really crazy stuff needs to happen , and i think china and the united states would do their utmost best to avoid that from happening - it would make the eu far too powerful . 
  perhaps at some point . 
  probably never . 
  eastern europe is sure expanding rapidly these days !, 
  even if i stop eating for a month i still could n't select macedonia-sized countries on the mobile app . 
  is n't that a fairly recent development ? 
  ultimately they did start accension negotiations in the 90s - and the eea membership only got defeated by 50.3 % . 
  i am familiar with the attitude towards it and the current unlikelihood , but is it completely out of question indefinitely you think ? 
  that would wreck both our economies and leave us both weaker . 
  perhaps carbon taxes , but even that is quite far . 
  presumably the best policy is to support and stimulate states like california , new york and massachussetts in their efforts to continue climate friendly policies . 
  you pay the price it says on the menu in nl , full stop . 
  i think in the netherlands we 're lagging behind on sustainability , we are becoming more polarised and some recent events ( e.g. 
  sylvana simons ) have led me to question whether nl might have a problem with racism . 
  and the weather , of course . 
  might add a vulnerability to flooding - one bomber can do a lot of damage in that sense . 
  but that 's not really a ` flaw ' . 
  woah that teach you about the dutch revolt ? 
  did not expect that . 
  i remember having a paragraph or so on ceausescu , but that was about it . 
  heavily biased of course - but leiden . 
  especially for exchange . 
  leiden is practically in the randstad `` rim city '' ( 7m ) rather than just on its own , being a couple of minutes from the hague , amsterdam , utrecht and rotterdam by train . 
  smack in the middle of europe with easy and cheap connections by bus , rail & plane . 
  you 're a couple of hours from paris , brussels , london and by flight you can basically reach anything in europe within 2 hours . 
  on top of that it is quite a fun city by itself too . 
  i have n't been to helsinki so i ca n't say anything about it - but the reason why i have n't been is for exchange students i think a pretty important one : it 's genuinely quite far . 
  have heard really good stories about helsinki , finland is an amazing country and the people are , from what i know , very nice too .
