  i did n't know that . 
  til , thanks man !, 
  wait , so you call your south coast the west coast ? 
  in that case we will just reverse polder ireland into the ocean ^ / s, 
  the uk . 
  an entire ocean to polder !, 
  what is not to like . 
  we 'd have to convince the irish we do n't mean bad though , but we would get along . 
  our uk-version would be roughly the size of turkey before we 're done poldering . 
  all beautiful fertile polder land !, 
  for the rest there 's gorgeous countrysides , nice cities , no worries about pesky belgians invading us and similar weather . 
  i 'm going to be late for this , but i have once had to * argue * with some girls from cleveland that the netherlands and neverland are in fact not the same thing . 
  dad ? 
   i do n't know anyone who speaks a regional language fluently ( no fluent breton , alsacien etc ) are there many left ? 
  woah where do you live ? 
  i grew up in the north and though there were n't that many , there are still quite some moroccans there too . 
  to be fair most people do n't mean the baltics when talking about eastern europe here . 
  100 % agree with you . 
  and mind you , i advocate for that kind of approach . 
  but i just wanted to highlight how many other people think about it - and that they have viable counterarguments . 
   your country is really charging towards the `` first world '' by the way , as far as i can see . 
  good stuff !, 
  well to be fair the criticism which i see from pis and orb\u00e1n makes me understand that attitude . 
  they complain about the eu because it criticises their own super illiberal tendencies , and still receiving eu funding . 
  there i can see . 
  it makes it appear that they 're only in it for the money . 
  on the other hand , for example czechia , romania and many other countries do n't fit into that narrative and there nuance should be incredibly important . 
  every member is equal in that regard ( of course ) . 
  they honestly improve year after year in all respects and i think by just keeping that up people in the west will embrace them . 
  does n't disprove how shit it is that we do n't already btw . 
  orban and pis however . . 
  i do n't know man , i really do n't . 
  it 's more that poland and hungary are big serious net gainers from the eu budget , and now also the biggest anti-eu voices . 
   and i do n't think you fully comprehend how ruined our economies were because of the soviet-imposed socialist system . 
  i think most of the people i know here get that , but do n't see why it is `` our '' task to fix that . 
  most people here saw the eu as a guarantor of peace and economic growth , and they feel like people in the net-receiving countries should be happy that they 're getting the money they 're getting and stop complaining . 
  with pis and orb\u00e1n this is particularly strong - `` if you do n't like it then stop taking our money '' . 
  in other words , they feel like they 're paying for something they do n't benefit from - and that it 's not being appreciated . 
  northern + central italy and southern france . 
  hands down . 
  i see many old 206 's , corsa 's and old vw golfs and bmw 3-series around . 
  felt like leasing was still way more common and cheaper in the us than in western europe . 
  it 's been a couple of years since i was in scotland , but it was n't really any different than here in holland in my experience . 
  it would make sense for them to have newer cars though , lower taxes and more car dependent . 
  but again , might be wrong . 
  hmm in my own experience there are actually quite a lot of old cars on the road in western europe ( think old peugeots , opels or whatever ) relative to the us . 
  i see to some extent what you mean though . 
  in comparison to north america ? 
  my experience is that cars are definitely newer there than here . 
  what 's your flair ? 
  i like this one so much better than the actual one . 
  i mean you 're getting downvoted because it 's a bit extreme i guess , but that there is little is true . 
  thing is , there are still some dodgy things , like the kamp story where he got a free car service from a certain company . 
  so in that sense there definitely are problems . 
  but i think it 's only the scandinavians and switzerland which have less corruption , so in that sense we 're doing okay . 
  cheaper in the us : electronics , cars ( a lot ) , fuel , clothing cheaper in europe : food , healthcare , education , airline tickets , water , food delivery but it also depends on where you live . 
  switzerland or new york is more expensive than say moldavia or alabama . 
   also did you feel americans or canadians `` partied '' harder ? 
  the both of you go home before 1 way more than across the pond in my experience . 
  it 's good because you can go to work more easily and do n't lose half of the following day , but in terms of partying harder the euros have a definite lead imo . 
  oohh yes that is where we are so very similar . 
  we call it consensus oriented politics !, 
  swiss-dutch high five , 
  i think the voc history is a tricky one . 
  i would call it the trading history , including the baltic sea trade ( moedernegotie ) . 
  the fact that a country * that * small was able to become as powerful as it was for a while is one of the most bizarre historical success stories i know . 
  with the 1672 war as an absolute top - although it also immediately led to the decline . 
  defeating france , england and several german kingdoms alltogether on our own makes incredibly little sense population wise . 
  voc itself was an institution which has done a lot of harm . 
  but the wider scientific , cultural , economic and military accomplishments of the dutch golden age was a very remarkable historical period i think . 
  could you explain the concordance ? 
  exactly , 
  * political * revolution , not an actual revolution of course . 
  it would need a complete political reset given the dominance of the cdu currently , that 's what i mean . 
  which could either be a large coalition without them , a very large electoral defeat or a long process of its popularity withering away . 
   and if he 's chancellor , cdu/csu is n't part of government even if spd were to win ( very unlikely ) , cdu not being part of the coslition is virtually impossible without a de facto political revolution . 
  i did . 
  glad i used it correctly . 
  i 've been to western canada . 
  loved it , but do n't think i 'll go back - feels like i 've seen most of it . 
  thought vancouver island was gorgeous . 
  i definitely do want to go to the east at some point , but it 's very pricy . 
  that 's the difficult part , because canada has a lot to compete against price-wise for us . 
  or the other way round, 
  big unified countries do not necessarily mean that they are better off . 
  they might be more powerful , but they 're also more unstable . 
  sam here . 
  though i had a year of frisian , and six years of french . 
  whereas they initially did n't win 90 % , they also were n't the only party . 
  what a nonsensical argument . 
  so the number of states he won is your counterargument , and it is enough to call me out as an ideologue ? 
  i would recommend you to read the cambridge histories on the cold war for example , where they make a similar argument on reagan 's shortcomings . 
  unless they 're ideologues too in your eyes , but then that 's your problem . 
   20th century , 
  i mean there 's still the entire us-china thing , vietnam and a host of relatively progressive ( as in , forward-looking ) domestic measures related to racism etc. 
  but yeah , nixon is certainly giving reagan a very good shot at being the worst . 
  difficult to say . 
  this sums it up perfectly , / thread, 
  a chronically overrated president who undeservedly is credited for his policy on the soviet union , ignoring the role of gorbachev . 
  moreover he made a lot of debts , and precipitated the rising income inequality and extreme neoliberal financialisation of the us economy .
