  perhaps talinn is very different . 
  i 'm not saying you 're very similar though , there 's a massive difference in especially the political and cultural sphere i think . 
  but what i mean is that i do n't know whether you are decidely more similar to the nordics . 
  it could very well be , you 'll know better . 
  in before the american south become the lower midwest , 
  you 're saying that it 's flamingly ignorant if people think you are more similar to poland than to norway ? 
  man i do n't know . 
  could you explain why ? 
  i think there 's plenty to say for either . 
  you throw out `` flaming ignorance '' all the time , and it is n't helping your argument . 
  it 's kind kf annoying even . 
  i just told you in the post before the balkans probably need their own grouping . 
  and even though i would also do that with the baltics usually , it does n't affect my argument at all . 
  `` eastern '' is by no way only a cultural definition , it also indicates geographic proximity based on common conceptions . 
  france and germany are also different places , and they 're both western . 
  germany and austria , while being more similar , are not always located together because austria is considered central europe for a similarly arbitrary reason . 
  sweden/denmark and the netherlands are more similar than france and the netherlands , go on go on . 
  and you could even still defend it were it not that way , because income wise austria * is * more like sweden than slovakia , or estonia more like albania than finland . 
  and it sure used to be . 
  there 's no insult in that either . 
  i told you already that on here i have already changed my behaviour because i do n't want to step on any unnecessary toes . 
  that does n't mean i do n't think it 's complete utter nonsense . 
  why does it matter that much to be called central or eastern european in the first place ? 
  you say `` eastern european '' carries the connotation of poverty . 
  well , 15 years ago eastern europe * was * poor , and it has only recently caught up . 
  why would it be a reason to suddenly start calling it central europe now ? 
  just for that connotation ? 
  would n't that be like in the future where eastern africa got rich we are not calling eastern africa as such anymore because they are wealthy now ? 
  europe is a made up continent , and it can be divided however people like it . 
  the idea that the german-polish border indicates a rough east-west line is n't some extreme ploy to superiority . 
  i now do n't use it anymore because it is seen as such , but it feels to me i am not allowed to say central america or central asia anymore because they feel like history makes it not to be a kind place . 
  ok then . 
  but it 's ultimately just a geographic name indicating a certain area on the european continent - east or west . 
  if that is insulting , perhaps we should rebrand it . 
  not deem it insulting . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but does n't this also reflect a longer historical geographic division than just the cold war ? 
  i notice it is really frowned upon to see eastern europe , but it 's difficult for me to really see why . 
  i think it 's a rather fair split , perhaps with the balkan countries named separately as southeastern europe . 
  but i stopped using it on her because people seem to find it insulting - i just do n't really see what is insulting about it . 
  it seems to be interpreted like `` eastern europe '' means `` bad europe '' or so . 
  your wiki source has a lot more info on it than the book i read it in , so i 'm gon na go ahead and say i was wrong . 
  yeah no , i completely understand . 
  i 'm just using it for the sake of the argument  reddit likes to think that countries from the former soviet sphere of influence adore the us and western europe hates them for some reason . 
  i wrote a super long reply to your first comment , i 'll summarise below . 
  also wanted to say that i think we had a good chat before , you 're one of the few us regular commenters here - appreciated !, 
  what i wrote essentially summarises into a quick pushback against the `` muh european hate americans '' vibe which i often see on reddit . 
  1 / western europeans really * like * americans in fact , research ( like pew ) backs this . 
  american politics however , that 's where all the criticism and bashing goes to on the vast majority of occassions . 
  there are exceptions to both of course , but i think criticism ( never fun from outsiders ) is often interpreted as hating on americans themselves . 
  and we genuinely do n't . 
  research and personal ( friends/family ) experience line up in that regard . 
  2 / i think mutual respect is a big factor . 
  we want to be acknowledged as a genuine equal in western europe , and eastern europe is n't quite in such a position to demand that yet . 
  i think that is a huge factor . 
  iraq war was also an example of that - germany and france deserved the `` i told you so '' - attitude they had and have . 
  regarding afghanistan , more europeans died there than americans . 
  we absolutely need you , but you need us too - be it for development aid , financing or diplomatic votes in the un or wto . 
  bush ignored that part often . 
  the eu as a whole aspires to be , and in the vast majority of things already is , an equal to the us in all but military endeavours . 
  that creates tension . 
  but again , not in personal attitude . 
  3 / attitudes to war & social justice are indeed different , but that is again more of a political attitude than something personal . 
  why in the name would you be pro-soviet ? 
  do n't take this the wrong way ( not meant negatively ) , but should i interpret that you only like countries if they adore your country ? 
  the netherlands is not relevant enough to really be disliked by anyone i feel , so i ca n't really put my own experience against this . 
  that said , it feels like a very slippery slope to me . 
  curious to hear what you think !, 
  you can just slide the top ones out and down , it 's super easy actually . 
  i do n't disagree with you on the fact that we should be picky ( * very * much so ) with what we want to copy . 
  but my point is that there are multiple things which we should try to implement ourselves . 
  along with being allowed to turn right on red lights !, 
  from tech & startup culture to cultural dominance and their amazing research facilities . 
  we can learn things from anywhere - be it japan , the us or china , and we always should . 
  do n't be so close-minded . 
  i 've lived in both places . 
  it 's just true that they have more disposable income , even if you take all the shitty healthcare and education porgrams they have . 
  as long as we do n't acknowledge that they are outpacing us in economic growth , we will not catch up . 
  we should n't aspire to make a tradeoff between having a lower income but with european quality of life & government facilities , we should aspire to have a similar income and our quality of life and facilities . 
  as long as we do n't acknowledge that growing income gap between us and the us , we will not get that . 
  itt : europeans looking for excuses . 
  c'mon folks we should admit we 're lower and think about how we are going to change that . 
  i think the best way to put it is that w-e , the us/canada and australia/nz have similarly high quality of life situations . 
  there are differences , but crossing the border to belgium for me definitely does n't equal a very big change ( while supposedly so for the numbeo numbers ) . 
  all of those countries are just * really * rich in comparison to many others . 
  though times are changing . 
  you misspelled `` get to drain the gulf of mexico '' . 
  could go either way . 
  in principle because eu farmers already supplied - and no extra tariffs are added - food prices should stay relatively similar . 
  they could go down if other suppliers are added , but that leaves the question how britain will look at food standards . 
  that said , there is also increasing inflation in the uk , so food prices could rise in that regard . 
  there 's not really a good way to know . 
  let 's hope that whatever happens , the both of us come out stronger . 
  mwah what i could see happening with a very , very small chance is a referendum on the eventual deal being rejected . 
  but , to be honest , i do n't see the uk staying in anymore unless they go full europe-style complete with euros and all that . 
  and that wo n't happen . 
  breturn !, 
  bless you my friend , bless you . 
  to copy from another comment :  why should everuone be liberal because in this context ( * liberal democracy * ) it means that we at least give a shot at equality in front of the law , representative politics and respect for human rights . 
  if poland wants to belong to the west ( which it now does , and which i think the entire west is very happy about ) it needs to keep respecting that , and its current government does n't . 
  poland is part of the european and wider western family , and we should all hope to keep it that way .
