as long as they have nukes this will continue . 
  i was expecting cyprus hill . 
  lol was he pleased with his batch ? 
  how much does booze cost there ? 
  certainly not their weather conditions . 
  but seriously man i 'm 1/32 irish . 
  a little patriotism/nationalism ( call it what you will ) is beneficial in that way . 
  it reminds people to appreciate what they have and why they should appreciate where they live . 
  lol she uses lebanon as an example . 
  i do n't think spain wants what venezuela has . 
  that greek news anchor looks like a mannequin . 
  way too much botox . 
  since everyone else is doing it . 
  i do n't know how sensitive the hr departments are at some people 's jobs . 
  better safe than sorry . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pviv4-f825w some video of the clash nsfw ( gore ) . 
  free college too . 
  pretty soon you 'll see people claiming they 're 1/16 turkish . 
  too many people . 
  it might capsize . 
  this makes belgium sound like mexico . 
  you 're not the only one . 
  i hope they are n't counting nescafe . 
  lol i have n't seen anyone use that stuff since the 90s . 
   one of its oldest buddies is now hanging with his archenemy . 
  [ really ? 
  ] ( https://ontheroadtord.files.wordpress.com/2012/03/2124353-what-year-is-it-robin-williams_super.jpg ) you guys seem to think about us a lot more than we think about you . 
  russia is behind isis , congress , climate change and ebola as far as national concerns go . 
  hopefully he will be out of the government by then . 
  * crosses fingers *, 
  polandball being upside has always confused me . 
  it 's a right sector invasion !, 
  you 're missing `` junta '' . 
  how could i forget magellan . 
  * tear sniff sniff *, 
  depends in the states . 
  here in los angeles it 's about 12-14 .50 . 
  the only things we were taught about portugal in school was about vasco da gama and the colonization of brazil . 
  i feel you . 
  only fools are blindly proud of their government . 
  ever been to an outback ? 
  the idiom `` played ball '' means complied , fell in line , followed orders . 
  i thought turks were used to living under a secular government ? 
  maybe these ones are from the rural areas . 
  they want an already prosperous country to ruin . 
  closing the gulf off to russia would certainly rustle some jimmies . 
  might be a good motivator for them to send your man back . 
  lol i 'm sure much of it is as real as any reality show . 
  they sell the chunks of the icebergs to a water bottling company . 
  people in new jersey and new york all move to florida when they hit retirement age . 
  some people a germaphobes . 
  the fist bump has been gaining in popularity here . 
  cheek kissing is normal for greeting women typically a handshake + kiss combination or just a cheek turn initiates it . 
  when it comes to men it 's reserved for family and that depends entirely on the family . 
  have you ever played baseball ? 
  dumb article . 
  they 'll fight any group that fights the regime . 
   * refugees should be distributed all around the world , not just in the eu they 'll probably just want to go back to syria after a while like the [ ones sent to uruguay . 
  this henrik arnstad guy on the swedish side is infuriating . 
  everything is racism to him . 
  what happened to basketball in croatia ? 
  you guys had a great start . 
  they would have to pass the bar exam here in the us . 
  it 's no easy feat . 
  yeah for those that do n't know , for many years people thought that if you become a lawyer you 'll never have any problems making money . 
  when the recession hit it was thought to be one of the recession-proof careers . 
  now we 're at a point where there are so many lawyers they leave law school working as unpaid interns . 
  my girlfriend 's friend in austria said the same thing . 
  for it to be effective they have to be encouraged both at home and at school to integrate . 
  if it only happens in school you run into kids like the ones in that [ zdf documentary ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kvwaikoatwm ) someone posted a few days ago . 
  shia are a minority in syria unlike iraq . 
  and you guys say we 're too patriotic . 
  sounded like the way people talk to babies . 
  it simply ca n't be that easy of a choice . 
  let 's say that battles break out in cyprus between the south and the north . 
  turkey sinks a british passenger ship the rms lusitania ii that they suspect of bringing supplies to the southern cypriots , as it makes a stop to deliver aid to the island on its way to israel . 
  would you not feel conflicted in this situation ? 
  i 'm going to guess that those colonies were expensive to maintain , and in many instances they were fighting foreign wars of independence in many of them which made them even more expensive . 
  in that case they have the 4th most arable land in the world . 
  plenty for its population size . 
  especially compared to countries like china which has almost 10x the population . 
  russia also has the biggest country on earth . 
  they have more than enough land . 
  fine . 
  the nazis supported public works projects like the autobahn . 
  i support public works and infrastructure development . 
  this does n't mean i support nazi ideology . 
  hitler liked dogs and art as do most people . 
  i have no qualms with sharing sentiments/interests with despicable people . 
  even broken clocks are right twice a day . 
  [ putin 's reaction ] ( https://youtu.be/nzuvka2dtnu?t=8s ), 
  turks are less religious . 
  i thought you were being snarky . 
  try not to be a cunt . 
  edit : i 'm the cunt here . 
  they ca n't afford to . 
  just do n't get greedy and dig too deep . 
  have you been under a rock , op ? 
  that 's not really happening is it ? 
  there would have to be at least 3 partitions .
