  sunni , shia , and kurd . 
  ( i know most kurds are sunnis already ), 
  if the goal is to one day get the refugees to return then it wo n't be happening until isis and jan have been crushed , and order restored . 
  i do n't see that happening until a powerful country or coalition intervenes . 
  thank you for the explanation . 
  in which case this would make sense . 
  germany 's unemployment is 4.7 % . 
  do they really need to import labor . 
  what am i missing here ? 
  most did n't , and most guys were n't in scouts . 
  at least not in my ( millennial ) generation . 
  lol the usa chant is for sporting events . 
  it 's not our version of allahu akbar . 
  but aside from memorizing the words kids really do n't give it a second thought . 
  i personally did n't put much thought into its significance until middle school . 
  that 's what my friend who visited italy told me recently . 
  that 's gross . 
  no wonder why the streets are filthy in nearly all third world countries . 
  sorry guys , you 're going to have to purchase bottle service if you want to get in . 
  i 'm sure many syrians would prefer staying put than living in nunavut . 
  putin . 
  hell , if i was a syrian refugee i would be grateful to even have the opportunity to live in ukraine despite their own war going on . 
  what a sausagefest, 
  yes , you 're right . 
  we only import the fiiiiinest muslims . 
  [ / thurston howell voice ], 
  we get teased a lot for our patriotism , but it comes in useful when people are proud to call themselves american citizens . 
  i think a lot of countries in europe would benefit more in regards to integration if they had a stronger national identity . 
  it 's how we start our day . 
  hamburger - last eaten yesterday . 
  hot dog - one week ago . 
  how about you speculate with more landlocked countries ? 
  maybe it 's the lichtensteinian navy ? 
  i 'm pretty sure england , italy , and germany would be solid blues if you asked americans . 
  the swipe at our knowledge ( or lack thereof ) of geography was gold . 
  full sized redwoods . 
  only 44 % ? 
  i 'm so disappointed . 
  sure thing . 
  did you know i 'm 1/94th irish ? 
  hey , we can multitask . 
  i thought it was a possibility 10ish years ago . 
  now , there is n't a chance in hell . 
  i 've been fighting my way into my jeans lately . 
  we can be bros , man . 
  there 's a lot of garbage this year , so this to me comes off as pretty mid tier . 
  nice , judging the whole country by a shitty part of queens . 
  cops here would be skipping up and down the streets gleefully writing tickets and having cars impounded . 
  wear flip flops to the airport . 
   hippocricy is this an obesity joke ? 
  when i was 16 i smoked weed and drank booze , not joined terrorist organizations . 
  sending them to naples would do that . 
  well , this situation is far less depressing . 
  you must be married . 
  there 's just so many rules with por and para that it 's difficult to make the distinction . 
   rule : to express gratitude or apology model : gracias por la ayuda . 
  ( thanks for the help . ), 
   rule : for multiplication and division model : dos por dos son cuatro . 
  ( two times two equals four . ), 
   rule : for velocity , frequency and proportion model : voy al restaurante cinco veces por semana . 
  ( i go to the restaurant five times per week . ), 
   rule : meaning `` through , '' `` along , '' `` by '' or `` in the area of '' model : andamos por el parque . 
  ( we walk through the park . ), 
   rule : when talking about exchange , including sales model : \u00c9l me dio diez d\u00f3lares por el libro . 
  ( he gave me ten dollars for the book . ), 
   rule : to mean `` on behalf of , '' or `` in favor of , '' model : no vot\u00e9 por nadie . 
  ( i did n't vote for anyone . ), 
   rule : to express a length of time model : yo estudi\u00e9 por dos horas . 
  ( i studied for two hours . ), 
   rule : to express an undetermined , or general time , meaning `` during '' model : se puede ver las estrellas por la noche . 
  ( one can see the stars during the night . ), 
   rule : for means of communication or transportation model : prefiero viajar por tren y hablar por tel\u00e9fono . 
  ( i prefer to travel by train and speak by phone . ), 
   rule : in cases of mistaken identity , or meaning `` to be seen as '' model : me tienen por loco . 
  ( they take me for crazy . ), 
   rule : to show the reason for an errand ( with ir , venir , pasar , mandar , volver , and preguntar ) model : paso por ti a las ocho . 
  ( i 'll come by for you at eight o'clock . ), 
   rule : when followed by an infinitive , to express an action that remains to be completed , use por + infinitive model : la cena est\u00e1 por cocinar . 
  ( dinner has yet to be cooked . ), 
  the man died for lack of water . 
   rule : `` estar por '' means to be in the mood , or inclined to do something model : estoy por tomar caf\u00e9 . 
  ( i 'm in the mood for drinking coffee . ), 
   rule : in passive constructions model : el libro fue escrito por octavio paz . 
  ( the book was written by octavio paz . ), 
  por is for , by , , through , multiply , and because of . 
  i 'm sure there are more . 
  if spanish chose 1 word to use between por and para , and made different words for the uses of `` se '' my life would be easier . 
  remembering every instance is a nightmare . 
  we do n't need him . 
  [ immigration is n't as big of an issue as trump wants you to believe it is . 
  ] ( http://www.pewhispanic.org/2015/11/19/more-mexicans-leaving-than-coming-to-the-u-s/ ), 
  certainly 200 billion in a combined military , but europe 's forces are n't coordinated to work with one another . 
  / u/astalano is right in regard with his quip  28 individual budgets and 28 disjointed militaries, 
  greece , estonia , poland , uk and the us . 
  nah , it 's so you can have extra scratch for social programs . 
  greece even meets their quota . 
  germany is n't even meeting nato 's quotas . 
  that 's sad . 
  they should start making their own shit again ... just use it differently this time . 
  henrik arnstad is a moron .
