in addition to provoking the first nhs pay strike in over thirty years today it turns out that yes , he did call for the nhs to be broken up : http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2009/aug/16/tory-mps-back-nhs-dismantling, 
  not at all . 
  judge each argument on its own merits , not necessarily by who makes it . 
  you might just be surprised - for example here 's a nice example from herman goering : http://www.snopes.com/quotes/goering.asp  `` of course the people do n't want war . 
  but after all , it 's the leaders of the country who determine the policy , and it 's always a simple matter to drag the people along whether it 's a democracy , a fascist dictatorship , or a parliament , or a communist dictatorship . 
  voice or no voice , the people can always be brought to the bidding of the leaders . 
  that is easy . 
  all you have to do is tell them they are being attacked , and denounce the pacifists for lack of patriotism , and exposing the country to greater danger . '', 
  -- herman goering at the nuremberg trials would you trust him ? 
  hell no . 
  do you agree with his outlook on life ? 
  not at all . 
  was he as evil a person as ever lived ? 
  pretty much . 
  but was that particular quotation wrong ? 
  and oh , hey , whaddya know ... it applies to this particular situation too . 
  is n't that handy . 
  yes it was as it happens . 
  we killed the brutal dictator keeping a lid on this shit . 
  no good deed goes unpunished . 
  was saddam an evil shit who deserved to die ? 
  oh hell yes . 
  are things arguably worse for the world in general and iraq in particular with him out of the picture ? 
  also - counter intuitively and lamentably - yes . 
  valid points . 
  however the iraqi government is n't exactly 100 % independent . 
  the word ` puppet ' would be going too far but it 's not exactly a million miles away from the truth . 
  i 'd also be amazed if it does n't end up with boots on the ground somewhere down the line . 
  however even if it does n't as soon as that air cover is removed the sunni areas will spawn another group . 
  back to square one again . 
  well it was originally said by einstein , but i felt a video game character actually gave it the gravitas required / s. 
  honestly though , if it 's a valid point does it actually matter who came up with it ? 
  so we kill a bunch of them . 
  probably win . 
  what next ? 
  sign up for another occupation ? 
  yay , years of ~ ~ grinding insurgency suppression ~ ~ nation building . 
  after which we leave and isil or another practically indistinguishable bunch of acronym fanatics just rolls right in again . 
  i 'm all for getting rid of these yahoos but i 'm not convinced this is the way to do it . 
  it smacks of `` something must be done - this is something so lets do it '' . 
  it 's a dam expensive way in both human and financial cost to very temporarily suppress the status quo . 
  `` insanity is doing the exact same fucking thing over and over again expecting shit to change '' - vaas, 
  it 's true that ukip have a rule specifically banning bnp and edl muppets . 
  it 's also true that ukip are the only party who need to have such a rule . 
  going to invoke thatcher here . 
  that 's when the wheels really came off for the tories in scotland . 
  leaving aside all the arguments about whether she was good or bad for the uk as a whole the * perception * in scotland - and that 's what really matters in this context - was that she really did n't care for scotland . 
  in fact that she determined she was n't going to get a majority north of the border so she could do whatever the hell she wanted with us . 
  see `` poll tax '' , death of industry etc. 
  ( a lot of england outwith the se share similar grievances of course . ), 
  there used to be a lot more conservative mp 's up here - salmonds constituency used to be a fairly safe conservative seat did you know that ? 
  however given the treatment ( or perception of it if you prefer ) unsurprisingly they lost support in droves . 
  subsequent conservative governments have done very little beyond lip service to reverse this . 
  tl/dr in a lot of ways the tories abandoned scotland a loooong time ago . 
  yeah it 's not as bad as what ireland and a lot of other places endured but a lot of us are fed up with it and so have peacefully and democratically got us to the point of this referendum . 
  us reluctance has a lot to do with turkish resistance to the idea of a kurdish state on their border . 
  turkey are valued as a strong nato member in a highly strategic position . 
  however ... it 's possible these days turkey would prefer even a kurdish state between themselves and the ongoing omnishambles that is iraq coming apart . 
  it 's effectively what they 've got right now anyway . 
  true , but at this stage it 's too late for nato to intervene directly . 
  there 's already been shelling of ukraine from within russia which would put a nato force in a real quandary : suppressing that fire would be one nuclear power attacking the sovereign territory of another nuclear power ... something that even in the diciest part of the cold war everyone was dam careful to make sure never happens . 
  indirect assistance is another matter of course . 
  the irony is putin has ensured that the rest of its former satellites will sign up for nato membership as fast as possible now . 
  '' `` in the early 90s , people just saw us as ignorant , drunken louts '' and still do ... 
  seriously though , it 's hard to feel intimidated by italian fascists . 
  they did n't * exactly * awe the world with their martial exploits last time they were a ` power ' . 
  it 's a sad state of affairs where honesty is equated with being a fool . 
  most of the older nominally religious schools are like what you describe . 
  however some of our ( thankfully rare ) home grown fundamentalists have been swapping notes with their us brethren . 
  fun stuff like `` wedge strategy '' and `` teach the controversy '' . 
  they got a millionaire or two to fund a few schools to see if they could get away with it - and it turns out not . 
  for first world nations war is no longer a matter of slapping uniforms on any old cannon fodder and sending them towards the sound of the guns . 
  a lot of training is required to make a modern soldier and they get to play with fairly expensive toys . 
  it 's a skilled job . 
  said the chap from the nation of immigrants utterly oblivious to the irony ... 
  curious for how keen you and your countrymen would be for other nations to try influence important votes in the usa like presidential elections ? 
  i 'm not certain there 's anyone qualified to properly investigate a mass grave site on that scale short of perhaps the teams who investigated atrocity sites after the balkan conflict . 
  that 's what we are talking about here really : an atrocity . 
  if other similar homes also gave the same then * multiple * atrocities . 
  i do n't care what organisation was behind it or whether the surviving perpetrators are doddering old men and women now - i 'd want those responsible up in front of a court and going down for it . 
  and anyone implicated in any attempt to cover up too . 
  all the more reason to vote - to make sure they do n't get in . 
  technically a british overseas territory that they mistakenly thought the uk did n't care about , but yes . 
  nobody has ever invaded the sovereign territory of a nuclear power . 
  the last thing anyone ever wants to do is to back such a power into a corner . 
  at what point do they decide they are under existential threat as a nation and strike back with every weapon in their arsenal ? 
  nobody wants to find out . 
  why else do you think the cold war was pretty much entirely characterised by grinding proxy wars well outside sovereign territory ? 
  that was n't a coincidence . 
  and the grinding , bloody , horrific proxy wars were considered a better option than doing something decisive ... especially when you consider the potential ramifications of anything ` decisive ' . 
  no it wo n't . 
  nobody is crazy enough to insert infiltrators to begin armed insurrection in russian territory because russia is a nuclear power . 
  no possible gain in territory is worth the risk . 
  likewise russia is n't going into a nato members territory for exactly the same reason . 
  the old cold war rules may not have been front and centre in the public imagination for the last decade or two but that does not mean they ever really went away . 
  sucks for ukraine ( who gave up their nukes ) but you can bet every other polity in the area is now going to scramble for at least associate nato membership as soon as they can . 
  the mistake they made was assuming russia - or putin at least - aspired to move forward as a a reasonable modern western style social democracy . 
  we could save money on our armed forces , so could they , we 're all past land grabs and sabre rattling and everyone wins . 
  right ? 
  wrong .
