  as a briton i 'm very grateful to them for doing this . 
  it 's sad that it has to come from outside but apparently very neccesary . 
  i 'm dismayed that our own opposition parties are not taking the opportunity to * utterly crucify * the government over it . 
  and very disappointed that the liberal part of the government coalition is n't using this as a chance to regain a fragment of credibility and take the coalition down over it . 
  ( however at this late stage i 'm kind of getting used to being disappointed with them . ), 
  everyone does . 
  it 's considered very poor form to actually get * caught * doing so however . 
  americans may not care about europes opinion on this initially ... however when people and businesses start to refuse to use services that go through infrastructure hosted in the us they will feel it in thier wallets . 
  europe is a huge and ( despite the recession ) relatively very well off market that ca n't be ignored . 
  even if people do n't care enough to make changes themselves the odds are high that european legislation will be introduced to mandate our data is protected from this sort of abuse . 
  some of this is already in place and more will follow : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/data_protection_directive at the end of the day though if europe shows backbone over this it will actually be a good thing for thier freedoms too . 
  theres a special place in hell reserved for people who abandon pets . 
  it 's edinburgh . 
  as anyone who has lived here will tell you `` of course there were english people - * duh * '' . 
  there are a lot of english people living and studying here . 
  also a lot of scottish people whose accent is considered anglicised . 
  we all actually get along pretty well ... and mostly do n't care for what farage has to offer . 
  actually it 's been enlightening to read a lot of ukip supporters comments about `` the jocks '' over the last couple of days . 
  it 's pretty evident that for a lot of them scottish people rank higher than brown people but certainly are not `` real people '' . 
  it 's a relatively fine distinction - the jackboot and dm kinda feel the same when removing your teeth for being too tan , too gay or not the right religion . 
  you are * technically * correct but they are in the same ballpark for all intents and purposes . 
  took me a second to verify that wasnt actually skyrim with really good mods  absolutely gorgeous . 
  true but just an example : where i grew up the closest station was 45 miles away . 
  in the early 1950 's the closest was 9 miles away . 
  nice infographic - the uk total always makes me angry though . 
  we had a much larger rail network until shortsighted politicians in the 1950 's closed most of it because `` motor vehicles are the way of the future '' . 
  makes me want to invent a time machine just to go back and slap beeching repeatedly while shouting `` petrol . 
  prices . 
  you . 
  i hear what you are saying however to be fair to ms ( wierd i know ) they take ages to fix * all * their bugs . 
  `` never attribute to malice what can adequately be explained by incompetence '', 
  it still sounds better than most reality television . 
  i think dutch sounds pretty cool to english speakers too . 
  `` a beefed up regulatory body '' i see what you did there  although honestly i do n't think gb should lead something like this : we evidently ca n't get our own act together so should n't be trying to tell the rest of europe how to do it . 
  it 's actually very thrifty : once you have put the horses head in your rivals bed you might as well use the rest rather than let it go to waste . 
  the fact it is horse meat is not actually the main reason we are in our very british way * quietly freaking out * about this . 
  there is an element of squeamishness but the real story here is the breakdown of the systems that are meant to track meat from field to the consumer . 
  back in the 90 's there was a huge problem with bse aka ` mad cow disease ' - it really shook public confidence here and also made it impossible to sell british beef abroad for several years . 
  it was fairly grim for a while : i remember taking a london to edinburgh train and several times in the distance you could see massive pyres in the countryside sending up pillars of smoke . 
  a hell of a lot of farmers went out if business and it took a huge amount of effort to stamp it out and also prove that to everyone 's satisfaction . 
  the measures put in place after that were meant to make it impossible for people to play silly buggers with the food supply . 
  if these clowns could get horse eat all the way through processing and onto supermarket shelves then that means the measures and controls certainly are not working ... and we could have been eating * anything * ... and for all we know that 's been the state of play for years . 
  this could be a failure too far : there is now zero confidence in the regulatory oversight and processes of food production . 
  they had thier second chance after bse . 
  people will want a few heads to roll at least . 
  two muppets does not constitute `` roving gangs of sharia militants '' . 
  there are no roving gangs . 
  whomever told you so is trying to manipulate you for dubious political ends and is in all probability a scaremongering racist fuckwit . 
  i think this is pretty much spot on . 
  the other problem the uk has with its `` in europe kinda-sorta '' stance is that we do n't actually get all the good out of it we could . 
  if the uk committed wholeheartedly we could use our size and influence to get additional concessions that suit our economy ... however at the moment we expend most of our political capital keeping one foot in and one foot out . 
  i 'll try to answer this although it wont be popular - it 's complicated , but the simple explanation comes down mostly to money . 
  there are not enough social workers . 
  caseloads are huge . 
  social workers are human . 
  they fuck up . 
  so do police , hospitals , doctors and teachers - its not not usually carelessness but overwork ( see above ) , the fact that each service has its own processes that do n't always match up , and each person involved only tends to see a bit of the overall picture . 
  very often * in retrospect * there was enough information across a variety of agencies to indicate there was a problem , and all these organisations have been trying to improve things over the last few years . 
  however this remains a very hard to do in real time effectively . 
  it 's also very expensive . 
  it would also be a bit scary and orwellian . 
  abusive parents lie . 
  they do n't allow access to children . 
  they sometimes move from one area into another and do n't tell social services . 
  social work departments do n't have the resources of an intelligence agency . 
  removing children from parents is a last resort for a number of good reasons . 
  numerous studies have shown that children 's homes are almost always worse for kids than being brought up by a relative . 
  ( well , usually ) . 
  social workers * also * get a lot of flack when they remove kids before something bad happens . 
  yes , sometimes they get that decision wrong too but they are pretty much dammed if they do and dammed if they do n't . 
  generally they are pretty well educated people driven by a need to help people . 
  almost all of them could earn far more working in the private sector . 
  they do their very best with limited resources . 
  they darned well are not there for the prestige and level of societal respect they get . 
  ( zero , with a side order of crucifixion when they mess up ) give them more funding , more manpower and they could do more ... although it will never be perfect . 
  very true . 
  although there are exceptions : old office 2003 users will pick up office libre faster than office 2010 ... 
  mostly because everyone just got tired of waiting for the british to learn another language i thought ? 
  just like political parties close down and disband every time they lose a vote or election . 
  oh right , they * do n't * do that . 
  even so there 's been zero public talk about another referendum ` sooner ' or even medium term by the snp . 
  there will be again one day when they reckon they have a decent chance of winning it - that 's a major part of what they stand for and they make absolutely no secret of it . 
  had it just tried to jump over an inflatable shark ? 
  i think his point is being a shitty , corrupt state in the first place is where it all went wrong . 
  no , but plenty to make life miserable for minorities and unpleasant for those around them - which is bad enough . 
  without taking one side or other in the debate : many arab countries will be reluctant to take in refugees unless their political ethnic and religious status are exactly compatible . 
  otherwise they may worry about destabilisation - with some degree of justification given what 's been happening over the last few years . 
  and if refugees cause where they end up to go to hell then the refugee problem just gets a lot worse . 
  the swiss government responds by releasing a communique stating they will reveal how much each politician ( or major political donor ) of a besieging nation has stashed avoiding tax . 
  never piss off your bank manager . 
  gee that sounds like fun . 
  attacking a country sized mountain stronghold that 's dug in , has a well trained and equipped citizen soldiers , has war-gamed , planned and prepared for this scenario extensively and is ready to blow the bridges and tunnels with very little notice . 
  no doubt throwing a large enough force could do it but future encyclopaedias would use it as an illustration of the term `` phyrric victory '' . 
  i rather think that 's the sort of person the refugees are fleeing from . 
  ca n't say as i entirely blame them . 
  do n't you mean `` speak at least some swedish ? '', 
  or am i missing something . 
  or perhaps the turkish army just got it 's arse kicked and went looking for scapegoats that could n't fight back . 
  shall we ask the kurds if that sounds like something turkey would do ? 
  or greece ?
