  i found the same thing in germany , though i just assumed my german was so bad i was causing actual physical pain to native speakers . 
  there 's a certain dry amusement in a scotland right now at how much complaining is from england about the vagaries of fptp voting all of a sudden . 
  the fact there 's had to be a ban is precisely because of what i mentioned . 
  that did n't come out of nowhere nor was it precautionary . 
  it does n't stop rich believers setting up `` free schools '' to push any type of fuckwittery that happens to float their boat and i 'd be rather surprised if that 's the last we 've heard the last of creationism . 
  watch in a few years for discussion of `` controversy '' and teaching it side by side with evolution : classic wedge strategy . 
  until creationists start running schools . 
  something both main political partys in the uk seem to be keen on sadly . 
  actually it did pretty well everywhere in the world grossing  # 240 million ... except in the us where the religious right were up in arms and protesting it . 
  source : http://www.theguardian.com/film/2009/dec/16/philippullman-christianity apparently only us box office takings count for deciding whether or not to continue with a series . 
  for some reason . 
  this always gets me flamed for saying but what the hell : if the far right has n't spent so many decades spreading obvious lies and propaganda about ` non-whites being after the white women ' then the rotheram victims would have been believed a hell of a lot sooner . 
  you know the old story about the boy who cried wolf ? 
  when the wolf actually comes along and nobody believes him that 's * his * fault , not the fault of those who he lied to over and over again . 
  what 's really funny is in u.s. interviews when they ask british actors things like `` what 's it like to be african american in the uk ? '', 
  and get a nonplussed look in return and a reply along the lines of `` um , i 'm british , not african or american '' . 
  if terror cells actually do use ps4 then that minister is an idiot . 
  you just do n't give away to opponents anything you know about their methods . 
  thanks to him intelligence agencies may have just lost a golden opportunity to eavesdrop on terrorist comms and possibly prevent future attacks . 
  now they 've been warned they will use different channels . 
  bravo . 
  exactly what you need for a referendum where it 's the public doing the voting then / s i say this as someone on the pro europe side - could n't they have picked someone with a bit of actual charisma ? 
  this is why i 'd never cut it as a diplomat - if i was the swedish un ambassador i 'd smile and say `` oh yes , we know we should improve . 
  perhaps saudi arabia with its vaunted experience of integrating hundreds of thousands of refugees could give us some pointers ? '', 
  the un is pretty much there to stop nuclear armed nations backing each other into a corner by accident . 
  it 's actually pretty successful at that . 
  it does some aid and international standards body work that 's a nice bonus . 
  the rest is just throwing the occasional bone to places like saudi so they gave to at least pretend to be halfway civilised sometimes . 
  funny though - the set of people who deride the un for not having the power to make countries behave overlaps strongly with the set of people who would * completely flip their shit * and start ranting about the new world order and black helicopters if it did have that power . 
  how do you think the workers got laws like that in the first place ? 
  well the government may be western friendly but they do n't seem to be able to hold most of the country without western air strikes and special forces ` advisors ' . 
  here 's how it 's gone back and forth recently - note at one point isis made it as far as the outskirts of bagdad : http://www.businessinsider.com/these-maps-show-the-progression-of-isis-control-in-iraq-and-syria-2015-8?ir=t unfortunately i think the air strikes are only temporarily ( and again expensively ) suppressing the underlying status quo . 
  isis or another bunch of indistinguishable acronym fanatics will be back within less than a decade of western forces pulling out . 
  its a safe bet thier territory will end up mapping closely to the ethnic/religious map of iraq . 
  i wish it were otherwise but it 's how it 's going to play out and nothing - not even boots on the ground - will work other than to temporarily delay it . 
  saddam was an evil genocidal bastard but he kept the lid on this . 
  more on the cost/return side of it . 
  vast amount of money spent to basically create a power vacuum for isis to expand into . 
  go team !, 
  i 'm not sure how many more ` successes ' like that we can survive . 
  so it 's a well known fact that the usa spends more on defence than the rest of the world combined . 
  what 's less well known is that if you discount the usa then number two - europe - * also * spends more than the rest of the world combined . 
  sure , we get less of an economy of scale because we effectively have 20 mini-pentagons but it 's a damn unpleasant handful should an external threat unify us . 
  and the russian military ai n't what it used to be . 
  oh , and the usa * is * our nato ally . 
  vladimir putin learns the law of unintended consequences - throwing russia 's weight around just makes europe forge tighter military alliances and cannon-up . 
  he 's driven everyone he wants in his sphere of influence in precisely the opposite direction . 
  not banned now but it was for decades . 
  fine unless you are a minority like the kurds . 
  though to be fair the kurds really provoked persecution with all their `` wanting to speak their own language '' and `` wanting to keep breathing '' nonsense . 
  there are several ways space exploration can potentially help provide alternate power sources and help the in environment . 
  just for example much of the best data comes from satellites . 
  yes , because that would help improve conditions for teachers , doctors , nurses ... after all it 's not like public servants are doing important jobs , right ? 
  actually there is doubt . 
  tons of it . 
  since the apollo era almost every president has announced big new inspiring plans for the moon or even mars ... and the failed to fund them ... or the senate kills funding ... or the honourable senator from the great state of whocares throws gravel in the works because it wo n't include < inappropriate hardware  that just happens to be made by the mil-industrial-aerospace-complex-r-us factory in his state . 
  or the whole thing was set up at the end of the incumbents administration specifically so the next president would have to be the guy to defund it and they could score points off him . 
  sorry , got my hopes up far too many times . 
  nasa is going nowhere . 
  they * could * if they had a decade of funding and political support ... but it turns out that 's not going to happen . 
  why would any international partner with two brain cells to rub together want to sign up or put money on the line given that record ? 
  for all the flaws and limitations the iss is the only actual achievement in manned space flight over the last decade - and even that is just pratting about in leo which we 've been doing for many , many years now . 
  nope . 
  western culture tends to assimilate over time . 
  if not the second generation then the third or fourth . 
  films . 
  books . 
  music . 
  parties . 
  beer . 
  clothes . 
  independence from traditional patriarchal family structures . 
  compared to what the extremists are selling our culture is chock full of seductive fun stuff . 
  most importantly * education * especially for girls leading to jobs and independence . 
  run process over sufficient time and what you get is , well , more of `` us '' . 
  not a european muslim state . 
  right wing racist scum - such as your good self sir - slow this process down but fortunately i do n't reckon you can stop it . 
  there is a part of me though i must confess would love to keep the immigrants and send people like * you * and the racists in the video away . 
  however that would n't really be very fair wherever we sent you would it ? 
  britian , germany and france ( and belgium , luxumberg , netherlands , spain , scandinavian nations and everyone else for that matter ) all on the same side against fascists - kind of cool but basically a curb stomping of the golden dawn to rescue the greek people . 
  political and economic sanctions would be the first recourse because hey , we are civilised . 
  its not like greece is * exactly * in good shape right now to stand up to anyone . 
  failing that possibly a military intervention , though i do n't see panzers rolling across the greek border : a fair ammount of the greek populace would be against them too . 
  absolute worst case is something along the pattern of the libyan rebellion : europe backs whoever wants to rise against the golden dawn , sends them supplies and loans them air superiority . 
  politicians pretty stupid ... 
  but not stupid enough to let nazis loose in europe again . 
  some lessons have actually stuck . 
  and every prime minister and chancellor in europe gets a big re-election boost because they fought against nazis . 
  hey skippy , the `` socialist '' in national socialist does not mean left wing . 
  just like how `` people 's republics '' neither belong to the people or are proper republics . 
  either you fail history forever , or you are * scary * right wing , or you are a troll . 
  oddly i 'd actually have slightly more respect for you if you are trolling . 
  actually from a ` pinko commie liberal ' european perspective the us election is very right wing vs very very very right wing , however your point still stands . 
  well , if you go by http://www.globalrichlist.com/ most of us are doing pretty well . 
  yes the cost of living is way higher in europe but he whole `` not having local strongman take my stuff '' and `` rule of law '' thing really do make life ever so much nicer . 
  if you want to look historically we are doing pretty thumping well too : in no time has humanity ever lived longer healthier lives with less chance of a lingering painful death . 
  the painkillers to ease one out of life when the inevitable happens are simply * amazing * . 
  there are more interesting entertainments to experience and fascinating spheres of knowledge to learn about than any generation has ever had access to . 
  lots of fun and exciting carnal experiences are perfectly legal . 
  on maslows hierarchy of needs 99 % of moden europeans are tap dancing around the top of the abstract self actualisation categories .
