  interesting , thank you . 
  where do you think the perceived ( by europeans ) litigiousness comes from ? 
  most of the thread is hand-wavy generalisations . 
  at least these were more or less positive ones but i do n't think he wanted to play . 
  i mention the pioneer thing as a possible explanation for the strong ( and laudable ) virtues of individuality and self responsibility beiie-and-sebastian was wondering about . 
  what alternative hypothesis would you offer ? 
  i suspect it 's because america loves to cling to the feeling that it 's still a frontier pioneer society . 
  although the population density is still much lower than europe pretty much everyone nowadays * actually * lives suburbs , cities or towns or at most well tamed farmland . 
  theres real cognitive dissonance between the frontiersman/cowboy myth incolated from birth by much of thier media that they feel they need to live up to ... and the fact that like us most of them live in suburbs and work in factiries and cubes just like us . 
  americans tend to get * really * upset whenever someone advances this theory though . 
  pretty much , though my favourite one comes from a comedy-satire . 
  alled `` yes minister '' back in the early 1980 's : `` sir humphrey : minister , britain has had the same foreign policy objective for at least the last five hundred years : to create a disunited europe . 
  in that cause we have fought with the dutch against the spanish , with the germans against the french , with the french and italians against the germans , and with the french against the germans and italians . 
  divide and rule , you see . 
  why should we change now , when it 's worked so well ? 
  hacker : that 's all ancient history , surely ? 
  sir humphrey : yes , and current policy . 
  we ` had ' to break the whole thing [ the eec ] up , so we had to get inside . 
  we tried to break it up from the outside , but that would n't work . 
  now that we 're inside we can make a complete pig 's breakfast of the whole thing : set the germans against the french , the french against the italians , the italians against the dutch . 
  the foreign office is terribly pleased ; it 's just like old times . 
  hacker : but surely we 're all committed to the european ideal ? 
  sir humphrey : [ chuckles ] really , minister . '', 
  he needs to shut the hell up because he 's * not helping * the cause of gender equality . 
  this is golden propaganda material for the other side . 
  if the daily mail reports it ... then it usually is n't true . 
  just a handy rule of thumb i use . 
  true , but you could go back just a hundred years ( possibly less ) when christians did take themselves somewhat more seriously in europe and get that sort of answer too . 
  almost within living memory . 
  i sympathise with fishermen - i really do . 
  grew up in an area with a bunch of fishing villages - its a tough business and every couple of years someone 's boat would n't come home - usually most of the crew related ( uncles , cousins ) as they were usually family outfits - its a demanding and dangerous life . 
  however . 
  fishers seem to reflexively attack any study and academics suggesting they modify thier behaviour or limit catches in any way . 
  here 's what i do n't understand : what the fuck do they think the academics angle is ? 
  do they somehow think these academics are out to get them ? 
  when its obvious that the * only * thing these studies are aimed at doing is * preserving * fishing stocks - you know , the basis of thier entire fecking livelihood . 
  two words for you ekferti84x : grand banks . 
  the tech is n't straight forward but compared to content it 's the * easy * part . 
  there 's no doubt that at some point in the future technology is going to massively enhance education but very little ( if anything ) produced in this line so far has leveraged the tech to do better than traditional textbooks , tests and teachers . 
  the old ways have decades to centuries of refinement by above averagely intelligent people and they are actually pretty good . 
  there 's also the issues of managing it : keeping the content up to date and fixing hardware and software issues . 
  at a rough guess : in the future there will be educational systems that are going to present the material and interact with each student in the way that suits thier individual learning style - not everyone learns the same way . 
  it should also use the students interests to help present the material : little johnny likes diggers ? 
  that 's a springboard oppertunity for everything from pythagorian geometry to fluid mechanics . 
  it will also figure out on the fly what the student is weakest at and focus more on that - and alert a human teacher if there 's still an issue . 
  none of the above is impossible - look at amazons suggestion algorithms for a very basic example - however it is * really * hard to do well . 
  the problem at the moment is very few teachers are programmers - and vice-versa . 
  `` europe is full of itself '' you mean we do n't * always * tug our forelock to the us and sometimes - gasp - horror - even have the sheer temerity to disagree . 
  unforgiveable . 
  no but it looks interesting . 
  the need for enduring and ( relatively ) respected an incorruptible institutions was one of the main thesis of the historian niall ferguson when he delivered the reith lectures a year or two ago - i do n't always agree with some of his politics but he really knows imperial history and constructs some very interesting arguments . 
  i met several europeans at a uk university doing english literature degrees . 
  not degrees in the english language - the exact same degree in literature that british native speakers do . 
  one of them , a luxemberger got a first . 
  another swiss chap was in my halls of residence and i ate several meals with him before i figured out he wasnt actually a native english speaker . 
  since then i 've met loads of europeans - not language specialsts : random engineers and techies - with a superior english vocabulary to easily 95 % of brits . 
  it 's a bit humbling really . 
  in that particular case the `` owning most of cornwall '' thing is the main reason . 
  i suspect any landowner of similar magnitude would also have a pretty large degree of influence even without the feudal rights - although yes , i 'm uncomfortable with anyone even having that power . 
  pretty much 100 % of european monarchies are ceremonial these days , depending on how exactly you define `` ceremonial '' . 
  for example in the uk a lot of things are notionally done in the monarchs name but everything is actually run by parliment and the civil service . 
  in * theory * the monarch could choose not to automatically rubber stamp something but that would trigger a major constitutional crises ( although the constitution is largely unwritten ) . 
  chances are unless the vast majority of the country strongly agreed with the monarch and disagreed with the prime minister then the next step is the law of the land is changed so monarchy gets explicitly cut out of the loop . 
  arguably the only real power the monarch has is influence and access to top level politicians . 
  even so they are meant to remain apolitical - if they pushed anything too hard then they risk losing even that . 
  academics/intelligencia/broadcasters in any community tend to be respected and shape opinion to a degree . 
  more than any other easily identified group outside of religious and political leaders . 
  we could go and ask every single muslim individually but that might be a bit time consuming . 
  chances are even if they do disagree with thier community leaders on many things they probably do agree on this mostly . 
  we can demonstrate this quite easily empirically : there are around one and a half million muslims in the uk . 
  if any appreciable percentage were in fact in favour of terrorism we 'd be seeing constant attacks and i 'd probably have heard an explosion or two off in the distance while typing this . 
  ( listens ) - nope , nothing . 
  from the article it appears to be `` prominent '' ones - probably meaning community leaders - and also imans , broadcasters and academics . 
  so they very much do have a valid claim to be speaking for thier community . 
  of course if anything untoward happens at all it still wo n't stop legions of mouth breathing daily mail readers from loudly demanding `` why did n't the muslim community speak out against this ? '', 
  attacking well known european landmarks is a critical part of the first phase of every alien attack under the rules of hollywood physics : they always show a destroyed kremlin , eiffel tower and big ben - then the remaining 99.9 % of the film never leaves the usa . 
  in the unlikely event this fails there 's always a military response . 
  for starters that perennial family favourite : the bayonet charge . 
  they do n't like it up 'em , apparently . 
  `` they '' can be people from the country next door , another continent , or rigel iii . 
  failing that unleash a bunch of radge glasweigans to set them on fire then kick them in the unmentionables . 
  failing even that ... well the british army still has a gurkha regiment . 
  ( superpower : being gurkhas - http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-12854492 ), 
  even if we assume the statement is true for the sake of argument gove is also the same education minister who wants to link teacher pay to performance : https://www.gov.uk/government/news/new-pay-policies-reward-best-teachers which removes any doubt about whether give is a hypocrite or not - surely there is no point imposing performance related pay if children 's results are based on genetics rather than teaching ? 
  sort of . 
  at some points yes , especially in terms of democratic rights for at least part of the populace , academic and religious freedoms etc : enlightenment values for the win . 
  however at the same time there were also fairly extreme lassaiz-fare capitalist economics and a strong class system . 
  also add to the mix an empire that was in some ways enlightened ( compared to * other * empires at least - just ask the congolese ) but also extractive , exploitative and responsible for the odd famine and atrocity . 
  `` it 's complicated '' . 
  because despite recent successes ukip still frequently come across as barking and/or amatuerish . 
  the `` sluts '' debacle a couple of days back is practically business as usual . 
  however they have succeeded insofar as those recent ukip successes have persuaded a lot of the tories that they could go a lot more euro sceptic and get away with it . 
  always nice to hear that the treasury are looking after the interests of normal folk like us in europe . 
  `` a white elk was spotted ... '' - this means peter , lucy , edmond and susan have to come home from narnia . 
  there are elements of the anti europe uk tabloid press that run these a lot . 
  baa baa black sheep to be banned in nurserys ? 
  europe banning mince-pies , curved bananas and mushy peas or even double-decker buses ? 
  all myths . 
  retractions printed ? 
  none .
