  well , right if everyone plays ball but putin evidently * is n't * playing ball . 
  thing is putin has made the far bigger mistake . 
  eastern and western europe are going to cannon-up as fast as fucking possible , and we have the money to do it . 
  it 's also driving all the rest of europe into close military alliance because we are now collectively shitting a brick over russia . 
  ditto strengthening alliances with the usa because an aggressive russia is a threat to all of us . 
  europe is now very sensibly looking to ditch russian gas and other hydrocarbons as fast as possible . 
  they represent dam near 20 % of russia 's economy . 
  big own goal there . 
  that 's even before the other sanctions bite and new investment gets scared off for years to come . 
  nobody 's going into russia 's territory , because nukes . 
  russa is n't going into nato territory for exactly the same reason . 
  nato membership is now inevitable over the next year or two for the rest of eastern europe because of putin . 
  russia manages to gobble up the crimea and possibly some of eastern ukraine because people assumed wrongly they 'd learned to play nice . 
  big deal ( though kinda sucks for the ukraine ) however in doing so they 've united europe against them , done massive damage to their economy and are not going be trusted again for a couple of decades . 
  hope it was worth it vlad . 
  ( edit : spelling , cheers bot ), 
  i 'd never make it as a diplomat . 
  imagine being the norweigan ambassador to the un and in a formal meeting have something like that said to you by saudi arabia and russia : `` pardon me , could you repeat that , i think my translator is having some sort of brain seizure . 
  no ... wait ... seriously ? 
  i mean * seriously * ? '', 
  he sits in stunned silence for a second as the absurdity of it overtakes him . 
  he clenches his jaw for several seconds ... but then a single giggle breaks out . 
  followed closly by a helpless guffaw . 
  the dam bursts and he starts just laughing , and laughing , and laughing . 
  he can barely breath but he just ca n't stop . 
  edit : many thanks for the gold !, 
  largely true . 
  however the trouble is unless we hold ourselves to the highest standards possible then we 'll just stagnate and then slide backwards . 
  shrugging our shoulders and saying `` meh , at least we are n't as bad as russia and china yet '' will guarantee we end up becoming that bad one day . 
  by the time we wake up and we 're just above them in the rankings it will be * way * past too late to do anything effective . 
  judging by similar surveys a number of your countrymen will reflexively trash this because they will consciously or subconsciously regard it as an insult . 
  many of my fellow countrymen ( uk ) will have the same reaction for that matter . 
  until most people can get past that reaction it 's a huge impediment to actually starting to improve the state of affairs . 
  or even at the same level as cold war russia for that matter . 
  also sectarianism , especially around glasgow . 
  i suspect people still trying to live up to the hard drinking hard fighting scotsman stereotype does n't help either . 
  true , although with fuel reprocessing in breeder reactors there 's theoretically several centuries worth . 
  it 's a shame that breeder reactors have other more alarming uses . 
  actually it 's 40.3 % now : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/renewable_energy_in_scotland, 
  the reason more subsidy per head goes to scotland is that it produces more renewable energy per head . 
  now you are starting to understand russia . 
  this turns out not to be the case : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_conflicts_in_europe or i could have rebutted your first point with a single word : napoleon . 
  you * may * have heard of him ? 
  if not i think you may have a case to sue your history teacher for incompetence . 
  `` comparatively little '' compared to what exactly ? 
  yes . 
  and it 's worth trying too , because we saw the alternative twice last century . 
  and several times in the century before that , and before that ... 
  besides , there 's a lot all european nations can get from closer links and union - together we are a lot harder for china , russia or america to dictate terms to economically or geopolitically . 
  frankly the last several home secretaries from all mainstream uk parties comprise one of the better arguments for independence all by themselves . 
  would you like asylum ? 
  ( only semi joking ), 
  his position is an independent scotland should take a share of the liabilities of the uk ( the debt ) and also a similar share of the assets ( the pound - and other things ) . 
  if scotland does not get its share of the assets why should it honour it 's share of the liabilities ? 
  like any separation things get often bitter around the division of assets . 
  a lot of people do n't agree that the pound is the sort of asset that can be shared like that . 
  otoh the snp can score points by claiming its unfair . 
  `` theoretical enemy '' - * who * exactly ? 
  is iceland going to suddenly become expansionistic ? 
  viking raids resume from norway ? 
  a particularly aggressive flock of hungry seagulls in aberdeen ? 
  martians ? 
  even theoretically there are no real threats . 
  anyone with the force projection capabilities to invade scotland would either piss off nato or already be a member if nato . 
  the rest of europe might have something to say about it too . 
  even leaving that aside , nearby nations like ireland , the netherlands and norway get by just fine with smaller militaries - yet somehow still manage not to be invaded . 
  how about some new entirely unpredictable threat that might rise decades in the future ? 
  fine , chances are we 'll see it coming ( military buildups are kinda hard to keep secret ) and react appropriately at the time . 
  charitably this is a complete non issue . 
  less charitably : it sounds like scaremongering . 
  i 'm really not sure what the big deal is frankly . 
  dozens of former colonies did it quite during the breakup of the empire . 
  none of them had anything approaching the advantages in infrastructure scotland has . 
  baltic states did it more recently when they broke away from the ussr . 
  it happens every so often and unless say you are run by some fuckwit of the magnitude of mugabe it works . 
  ( and even salmonds enemies would n't go as far to suggest he 's that bad ) . 
  if scotland votes for independence it will go for whatever the best deal is financially at the time , be it euro or independent currency . 
  no more or less opertunistic than any other nation state . 
  apparently the snp thought they could sell westminster on keeping the pound and saying it was advantageous for both sides . 
  westminster did n't buy it . 
  not the end if the world . 
  several similarly sized scandinavian nations retain thier own currency with varying relations to the euro . 
  if they can do it successfully then there 's absolutely no reason scotland ca n't . 
  true but if the rising had gained real traction it could have ended up tying up multiple divisions rather than * relatively * few . 
  when all you have is a hammer ( well , gunboat ) everything looks like a nail . 
  this wo n't be a popular opinion but rebelling against the empire at the point when it was fighting for its life in wwi was n't the smartest move . 
  they had millions of men under arms and regardless of the rights or wrongs of irish independence would regard this uprising as a `` stab in the back '' . 
  they are n't going to divert desperately needed resources away from the western front if they can help it when they have a perfectly good gunboat handy . 
  a gunboat that the rebels * had no plan to deal with * . 
  with the rst of home fleet only a few days steaming away . 
  what tge hell did they think would happen ? 
  believe it or not i wholeheartedly support irish independence - but the 1916 uprising was romantic , heroic , shambolically organised and completely pointlessly stupid . 
  what rkh00 described * are * social manners - and so are what you described . 
  each applies in the appropriate geography . 
  try the wrong one in the wrong place and you will either make people think you are a lunatic or high ( spanish manners in n europe ) or cold and standoffish ( n european manners in spain ) . 
  the most universal definition of politeness i 've ever come across is ` do nothing that needlessly makes those around you feel uncomfortable or distressed . ', 
  or to paraphrase `` when in rome . . '', 
  they do now because that 's the stereotype/accepted narrative . 
  however how did that stereotype start in the first place ? 
  rightly or wrongly it could n't have sprung up fully formed from nowhere could it ?
