sadly , many of the small town in greece are very ugly , badly built , and depressing mostly due to the building quality . 
  the worst i 've seen are lamia and argos . 
  it 's like concrete was free . 
  upvote for username, 
  athens too, 
  tap water in mainland greece is more or less `` very good '' , excluding some specific cities - regions . 
  most of the islands , however , are beeing fed via water-ships and even that gets contaminated by sea water most of the time . 
  many where using their cars uninsured , so instead of dealing with it the `` smart '' greek government passed a law for every vehicle with a license plate to be insured at all times . 
  no ifs or buts . 
  you must understand that he probably was n't making this little money before 2009 - 2010 ... 
  recession is hitting us hard , and all the big companies have already evacuated the ship . 
  i think this was the plan all along ... 
  yeah , that was the thought in greece too , and now they got 9.3 % ... 
  i was just focusing on the `` special treatment '' that the authorities use against protesters in turkey . 
  not on the reasons they are protesting . 
  i do n't like it either , but thats that ... 
  well regardless of political views , the case is that anyone can protest about anything in germany , in contrast to turkey . 
  freedom of speech is always a good thing . 
  there are reports for deaths in turkey , according to dogan agency , mostly due to panic . 
  sorry world ... 
  this !, 
  please elaborate on the recent history part . 
  i would love to hear it from a cypriot ( if i have this right ) !, 
  this is actually very clever . 
  giving begging children money will give the `` helper '' a 300euro ticket !, 
  this could work !, 
  but you have to define presents over begging money ... or if your friends kid is begging you for an ice cream ... 
  i 'll have to look into these !, 
  word of mouth , and a live appearance in athens ( nea filadefia stadium ) that never ended because the police evacuated the venue, 
  the revolt is closing on , then ... 
  rory gallagher . -, 
  thank you for this !, 
  i ignored the map when it was posted , but it `` escalated quickly '', 
  i forgot about the payment !!!, 
  in greece the salary ( a months payment , that is ) for a mandatory soldier is the astronomical sum of 0.008,60 euros . 
  [ 8 , no typos ], 
  stupidest thing i have ever done in my life . 
  all males over 18 must serve for 9 months , at one of the eastern islands if you are lucky , at the borders with turkey or even at the un borders in cyprus if you are unlucky , and get bored to death because there is no war and there is not going to be one . 
  the soldiers say `` where the logic stops the army starts '' . 
  most useful thing i did in 9 months was to help the fire department put out a fire on a mountain . 
  an exaple of the stupidity : there was a bench which was freshly painted and a `` lookout '' was asighned to make sure nobody would sit on it . 
  a `` lookout '' consist of 2 fully armed soldiers with sealed live ammunition magazines , helmets and vests . 
  another soldier ( fully armed ) has the task of bringing 2 new soldiers every 2 or 3 or 4 hours so the first 2 can go to rest . 
  this ( i was told ) went on for weeks . 
  making friends and firing a machine gun are the only good things i can think of ... 
  do n't forget the males in mandatory army service !, 
  ( talking about greece ), 
  not trying to make it look more or less stupid but : these `` bombs '' used by the greek usual suspects are nothing more than rigged camping gas cans resulting to just a loud boom if no unfortunate being is found in a 2 meter radius . 
  everybody is tired about these shit happening in greece mainly for 2 reasons : a ) somebody owing money ( most probably the case here ) , arson also found in some other cases as an alternative , b ) `` revolution '' usually by someone who just finished a false , 3 page review of a mikhail bakunin 's book . 
  please please prety please delete this mesage and be quiet about it . 
  i am afraid that some greek politician will hear about it and set the national unemployment rate target at 30 % ... 
  greece seems to be forgoten also . 
  it 's the same in greece , no tax evasion possible for an employee , the problem lies in most transactions that are in cash ( like paying for the doctor ) where many times a receipt is never issued . 
  look it up to be certain but afaik some 200.000 to 400.000 have fled since 2008 . 
  i thing you forgot an / s there ? 
  did n't you ? 
  maaaaaan , you 're ruining every single joke . 
  i like it though !, 
  lol , also flanders do n't seem to have a sense of humor and definitely do n't watch the simpsons !, 
  http://www.euroviews.eu/2012/wp-content/uploads/2012/04/2.europe-worst.jpg ? 
  thanks !, 
  but , but , europe did the management for 5 years ... syriza 's main pre-election slogan was `` not to be ruled via e-mail , anymore '' also , '' [ linklater11 ] eu leaders chose to transfer the inevitable losses from the private financial institutions to the eu taxpayers . '', 
  for what is worth , i am with paying every cent back and also grateful for the eu help , but facts are facts ... 
  niiiiiiiiiiiice !, 
  communism wo n't be a problem , because at such a critical point , the greek communist party kke is instructing it 's voters to `` say no to yes and say no to no '' whatever than means . 
  did you read the article ? 
  it 's even written in the article 's last paragraph . 
  why the hate ? 
  do you have something against greeks ? 
  or pigs ? 
  or the world ? 
  you know this is a lie ... 
  where was this 2 days ago ? 
  let greece collapse when the truth came out ? 
  who do you think issued the loans ? 
  martians ? 
  moon people ? 
  ask the french and german banks what would have happened back then . 
  or even better ask them if the golden boys got their bonus for that year . 
  i think it 's `` necessary '' in order to ensure the economic survival of germany ... 
  sad ... 
  you should listen to an australian saying water , then . 
  they pronounce it vora !, 
  stop asking , you really do n't want to know ... 
  i sometimes want to eat my keyboard ... 
  i would like to see the calculations for this . 
  please provide a link or do it yourself . 
  how much money do i owe you ? 
  do you realize that greece , during the last six months , payed more than 6bn towards the lenders ? 
  money that could easily pay all current state expenses ( wages pensions etc. ), 
  for more than 2 years !, 
  is this the acting of someone trying to run away with the money ? 
  actually the econ . 
  crisis has had such an impact on the greeks that the traffic is quite a lot better . 
  we did get something out of the situation after all !!, 
  til , athens greece is better than bratislava ... 
  sorry for the treatment you get , people do n't seem to understand that the downvote button is not the disagree button ... 
  i am sorry to inform you that you are most probably looking at the soon to be ruling party in greece , the way things are going ... 
  try guessing again . 
  same circumstanced both at 1974 and 1996,
