  it 's * by far * because they hate us for not being muslim . 
  either way , we 're all speaking germanic languages . 
   when i pinged teymon , i teasingly called him `` hose 11 '' , referring to a dutch proverb that says that `` hose 11 is spouting mud '' , which means something like `` check out this guy giving his opinion like he 's people '' . 
  thevince then said that `` hose 11 '' is another one for the books , as in antwerp they say `` look at little hose number 7 piping up '' . 
  i guess antwerp has fewer hoses for fire fighting . 
  what do you mean ? 
  `` spuit elf geeft ook modder '' is a pretty well known proverb , right ? 
  the most recent poll they did can be found [ here ] ( http://www.ipsos.fr/decrypter-societe/2017-05-07-2nd-tour-presidentielle-2017-sociologie-electorats-et-profil-abstentionnistes ) . 
  the 9th slide at the bottom of the page says `` baccalaur\u00e9at '' which ( as you already suspected ) does n't seem to be all that high from what i can gather . 
  i 'll defer to our french friends for more information on that , though . 
  heh , i figured , and i * did * see your irony ( ping to / u/teymon , spuit elf dat je er bent . 
   ) , but i wanted to make a different ( somewhat more serious ) point : due to our tribal nature it 's very easy to create this us vs them mentality where we put `` them '' in the corner of fools and ignoramuses ( ignorami ? 
  ) , while `` us '' is put in the corner of people with at least some sense of what is true and good . 
  i think our tendency to do that is something we should give very little room , because despite what / u/sinosi claims , a tenth of a sample population is not actually really low - it 's statistically very significant . 
  it means that there is something brewing throughout * all * layers of society , both among the haves and the have-nots , which makes treating it as something not to be taken seriously a dangerous thing . 
  especially since our own elections , where geert wilders got 13 % of the votes , it 's just something i worry about , you know ? 
  oof , it 's better to avoid assumptions like that . 
  according to [ ipsos ] ( http://www.france24.com/en/20170425-presidential-election-demographic-votes-le-pen-macron ) , 15 % of people with over * two * years of higher education , and 9 % of people with * three or more * years of higher education voted for le pen . 
  true , she * did * seem to attract a lot more of the low-income , low-education people , but to say that nobody that 's educated voted for le pen is kind of like saying that ( roughly and only statistically speaking ) nobody is gay if you catch my drift . 
  there 's some truth to it , according to [ this dutch article ] ( https://www.nrc.nl/nieuws/2017/03/25/te-veel-mensen-verdrinken-in-de-amsterdamse-grachten-7407634-a1551641 ) . 
  it says 88 people have drowned in the canals in the past five years . 
  about half had had alcohol ( that 's about nine people per year if you 're counting ) , but that does n't necessarily mean they have drowned while taking a piss . 
  although one of the two high risk groups were partying tourists , another was people who fell asleep on their boat . 
  just stay away from edges of the canals . 
  if you fall in , it 's hard to get out , sober or not . 
  do n't worry , if prime minister rutte gets shot by a sniper he 'll just laugh it off . 
  i see what you mean . 
   it would n't make sense to have straight people testifying about violence aimed at the homosexual community . 
  i think you need a better example . 
  straight people speaking out about violence against lgbts could be pretty useful . 
  the concept has been taken out of its statistical context , though , and has become this new ... 
  philosophy ? 
  ideal ? 
  kind of like how darwinism can be politicised into social darwinism , something which we should resist even though evolution is clearly happening . 
  [ like this ? 
  seriously , that is what they actually say . 
  i 've had the misfortune of encountering one of these people . 
  we have st. maarten , this thing where children take their lanterns and go door to door , singing for candy . 
  it 's incredibly boring for anyone but them . 
  so the only thing i 'd like imported from the usa is halloween ( which was scottish or irish to begin with anyway ) to replace our total joke of a holiday that is st. maarten . 
  christ . 
  add that to my list of reasons not to go to the us . 
  projection ... hopefully it checks out !, 
  here 's the thing - if i had to choose between cooperating towards implementing state-sanctioned murder under a wannabe-despot or having pointed out by someone on reddit that i am inconsistent with the freedoms i give and thus no longer can parade some label i do n't care about , i know where my moral priorities lie . 
   but to the average viewer , i think she just looked like a crazy person . 
  only having seen this gif and knowing next to nothing about le pen other than that reddit hates her , it seems like she 's interrupting this guy , saying something like : `` so aaaaall these people here ... '', 
   the prime ministers family what family ? 
  i decided i was n't going to say that , because i did n't want to be * that * geek , but there we go . 
  i guess germany is a bit too big to pinpoint it . 
  our word for it is ` leedvermaak ' , ` enjoyment over suffering ' . 
  it looks like we 're placed between two great countries for laughs . 
  you could 've picked us . 
  we have that football thing going on , after all . 
  what * is * the german sense of humour like actually ? 
  i mean , the english are dry and have good delivery . 
  we like a bit of cynicism and laugh about other 's misfortune . 
  what 's yours ? 
  is n't the vvd the driving party behind the potpass too ? 
  i mean , why do people even vote for the vvd exactly ? 
  is it because they present themselves as having such great integrity ? 
  yeah !, 
  power to the peo ... ple . 
  not quite , eh ? 
  i 'm deeply ashamed already that the netherlands , with barely 17 million inhabitants , actually wiretaps more phones than the us with over 300 million people . 
  it 's absolutely insane what our governments have been pulling behind closed doors . 
  gods that must be frustrating . 
  though i hear lqfb has been making things a bit difficult to get shit done internally . 
  would you happen to know anything about that ? 
  come on , pirate party . 
  this is your time to shine !, 
  well , of course the english would make it a tea cup ... 
  rounded up . 
  16.7 million of us ; almost 500 people/km \u00b2 of landmass . 
  the most densely populated country of europe if you do n't count these city states and independent islands like monaco , malta and jersey . 
  een storm in een glas water . 
  written it 's very similar , but i bet it 's very different pronounced . 
   do n't want to focus on the storm in the glass i love it when our sayings get literally translated into english . 
  sometimes it completely mystifies the audience . 
  sometimes i 'm extremely embarrassed to share a nationality with these assclowns . 
  reflects badly on the other 17 million of us . 
  there 's a lot of nonsense going around this story . 
  first of all , the book was already written and the contracts were already signed with the publisher before she became a [ [ n elected - thanks cartrodus ] ] member of the pirate party . 
  second , she asked for special stipulations in her contract , such as that the rights would go back to her completely after 10 years . 
  that 's pretty rare already . 
  also in her contract it was stated that people ca n't just be sued for hosting her book ; a warning had to be at least given and a fair chance to take it down . 
  third , a misconception about the pirate party is that it 's against copyright . 
  it is n't , it says copyright law needs to be * reformed * . 
  fourth , the action was entirely taken by the publishers . 
  schramm did not request them to start sending out these take-down messages . 
  this picture needs to be used more . 
  absolutely fantastic . 
  huh . 
  the swedish must have an odd sense of humour ... or i 'm just slow . 
  sweden is `` the size of a shoebox '' ? 
  i wonder if the author is able to point out sweden on a map . 
   why the sweet fuck should anyone care about what , why , and how `` most people '' believe in ?????? 
  because what most people believe is the point of this whole conversation . 
   it is necessary that the average church-going person must be ignorant of his religion yes . 
  that was borbottio 's point . 
  i do n't think anyone here said that all religions are dumb .
