  then there 's also the broken patent system and the indiscriminate takedowns of legitimate content on youtube . 
  and then they are worried about microsoft unfairly promoting their own browser because it stifles innovation on the web ? 
  no , i 'm not buying it . 
  edit : typo . 
  how do you even infer that ? 
  from which context ? 
  what part of his comment makes you say : ` oh , he was talking about a difference between the us and europe ' ? 
  europeans in this comment section have voiced the exact same feeling . 
  what do you infer from that context ? 
   because the poster he was responding to was clearly saying that he does n't understand because he is an american . 
  i 'm confused . 
  i do n't see that in his comment . 
  i use opera . 
  it 's a fantastic browser . 
  it just is n't very known because it has nothing to drive it into the public eye like firefox or chrome . 
   m$ oh gods , why are you making yourself look bad by doing this ? 
  question , why did you start your reply with `` as a european '' ? 
  i do n't intend to come across as a total dick , but you 're in r/europe and this case does n't have anything to do with geographical location , right ? 
  what 's more , if they are so concerned about things undermining competition , innovation and service , there are things out there that are much , much worse . 
  but microsoft does n't have the lobbying power that the entertainment industry has , i guess . 
  i have to agree . 
  i do n't like the story of ie , how it influenced web standards and such , but to say that they have a monopoly now is ridiculous . 
  not very nice of microsoft to not fix that `` bug '' that conveniently gave them more users , though ... 
  `` no , that 's fine . 
  we have some of our own left . 
  thank you very much , though . '', 
  so i guess we 're like germans but with much less formality and much more trailers . 
  i see . 
  i thought you took a wrong turn somewhere and just kind of ended up here . 
  germany sounds like a fantastic country to live too , though ... 
  we can still call you freiherr rotstern von \u00d6sterreich , if you want to . 
  totally off-topic , but i have to ask . 
  your flair makes you seem quite lost . 
  what are you doing in the netherlands ? 
  i mean , what does the netherlands have that germany does n't ? 
  aside from bikelanes coming out the ass , of course . 
  what is , then ? 
  i mean , the only german shows i have ever seen on tv are kommissar rex and the like - not exactly the most hilarious productions . 
  got any recommendations ? 
  dang , you corrected him one minute before i did . 
  well done , belgium . 
  if only your governments were formed this fast . 
  i think you mean salmonella , a genus of bacteria . 
  [ sal manella is this guy ] ( http://aceattorney.wikia.com/wiki/sal_manella ) . 
  they 're better off in other countries , really . 
  ireland has apple . 
  or how about vodafone in switzerland . 
  play.com is a pretty cheap store because they are officially situated on the island of jersey . 
  perhaps it 's just projection on my part , then . 
  here in the netherlands , people whose name is ahmed or muhammed or some other arabic name , have a smaller chance of landing a proper job ( less opportunity ) because muslims just have a bad rep. far be it from me to lecture an american why muslims catch flak even though they are mostly good people - you guys know like no other how media can whip up a frenzy - but it does hurt their chances of making something of themselves in society . 
  so they retreat into their own society . 
  with their own rules . 
  that leads to a worse reputation , which in turn leads to less opportunity and so the merry goes round and round and round . 
  i figured , this is not because the people in question are muslims per se ; they could be any minority . 
  so why not blacks ? 
  i was about to make this same correction , but it seems like justice an american should do it . 
   it 's more about poverty and lack of opportunity which is probably tied to views on these races as well . 
  chicken/egg ? 
  because it looks like a dick measuring contest or a call for a circlejerk . 
  it may not be either , but it sure looks like one . 
  if there is one country whose army i 'd like to see defending this continent , it 's the english army . 
  holy shit , those guys are amazing . 
  especially those special forces whose name i seem to have forgotten . 
  your constitution looks like a very decent document to start out with , though . 
  well , for its era . 
  considering where they came from , i can understand how they wrote that everybody should have the right to bear arms in order to have a well-trained militia ... 
  it just kinda needs an update for the 21st century . 
  for the whole of the netherlands , fluitsma & van tijn 's * [ 15 miljoen mensen ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dezwmewapgc ) * . 
  even though there are 16.5 + million of us by now . 
  quoth luke 11:17 , `` a house divided ... '', 
  here 's a manual translation : ** despite everything , are you still who you used to be ? 
  yes , but i 'm not very satisfied about that . 
  no , i 've turned into jan joost van gangelen [ a sports commentator ] . 
  i would like to have a europe-wide referendum on this subject . 
  i 'm flyiiiiing !, 
  flemish sounds nicer than dutch though . 
  so soft and smooth . 
  yeah , sorry about that . 
  we 're only trying to make life easier on you . 
   btw , if you still say ' i do n't have a tv ' but you watch tv programs on your computer , go fuck yourself . 
  why ? 
  it 's only more practical . 
  it 's all on demand , i pick what i want to watch . 
  the two forms of multimedia consumption are so different that it does warrant the distinction at least . 
  well , that was not very practical . 
  it did n't exactly help anyone . 
  did n't even make anyone feel any better . 
  odd guy . 
  why would you do that ? 
  but ... but ... sweden !, 
  on reddit !, 
  nothing bad can come from sweden , do n't you know !, 
  quick translation , please ? 
  contrary to popular belief , not everyone in europe speaks french . 
  not without reason , though . 
  i worked at a kpn company , and as part of my job i was in regular contact with other providers . 
  their communication is terrible . 
  not just internally , but also between kpn companies/branches or even the customers . 
  even xs4all felt their barbs after kpn bought them , even though they were relatively hands off . 
   using lmgtfy that just makes you look like an ass , man .
