  i never said i took the position that he should roam free . 
  i 'm just taking the position that i want to know what happened before i start shit talking belgium or europe or shakira law or whatever just because i disagree with this one ruling . 
  i still refuse to shit talk belgium though . 
  i love you guys . 
   / r/europe has a strong anti-decapitation bias . 
  right . 
  i hope you 'll forgive me if i do n't believe that 's the only thing that factors into this . 
  okay , so there are still some questions . 
  / u/thinking _ waffle said he justified it seconds later . 
  is that true ? 
  ( the article just said the reason was that the victim was a heretic - this is a statement of fact and might not be a justification . ), 
  how come , when a tribunal says someone is to be locked up , a judge can decide not to arrest him ? 
  what 's the system behind that ? 
  sure , but that 's exactly why it raises an interesting question : * why * did the judge think so ? 
  i see a lot of people spitting bile here , but that question is never answered . 
  if you ask rick santorum , [ we kill them as soon as they go to the hospital ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=srwimwqmxji ) . 
  no , he 's actually right . 
  the more your cells divide , the shorter the ends of the dna strands ( the telomeres ) become . 
  these telomeres usually ca n't be restored like other bits of your dna , so once the telomeres are gone the cell will just turn off or die ... but sometimes they continue to divide , which could lead to cancer . 
  as you get older more strands will start to break down in this way , leaving you with a higher chance of one of these cells to go haywire in its multiplication - that 's cancer . 
  so printzonic is right in a very literal sense : if nothing kills you , given enough time , it 's cancer that 'll do you in . 
  i 'm going to throw the rest of the country under the bus and say that i 've already seen the light . 
  mayo is so boring with chips . 
  now , satay sauce on the other hand !, 
  i guess we 'll just have to sail up the medway again . 
  i think there is also the issue of us - well not you and me , just society in general - being married to the whole idea of tolerance . 
  it 's easy to call people racists or bigots in a black and white environment . 
  it 's less easy to do so once you realize that many peaceful muslims notwithstanding , yes , people can do crazy things in the name of islam when they take the statements in the quran and hadiths in a way that really does n't require much creative interpretation . 
  i think it 's important that we hold tolerance in high regard , but not make deity out of it . 
  we 've come to the point where it should be considered okay to say that people have bad ideas without having a fear to be labeled a racist or bigot by people on twitter . 
  at this point , we 're scared of each other 's judgments , and that is a huge problem which stands in the way of us advancing as a society . 
  contrary to what people on the other side of the atlantic ocean like to think , european countries are not homogeneous . 
  him being born in the uk does n't mean that he was not raised in a culture that promoted bad ideas . 
   the immediate next step would be : if you continue like this , we will hurt you . 
  yes , * that * would be a threat : `` you hurt us , so we will hurt you . '', 
  what i think you 're doing is assuming * beforehand * that he is using threatening language and so you will interpret what he says in that light . 
  it 's a confirmation bias that i want to avoid . 
  and in isolation that quote may well sway me . 
  but instead i try look at the context in which he says it ( `` the whole world is watching and everyone knows your game ! '' ), 
  and place it in that light . 
  the context is also the people he is speaking to . 
  he is not really talking to europe , but to his own audience . 
  that is a reasonable assumption to make , since that is what he has been doing since the beginning . 
  in that light , it is not a threat , but a warning : `` the world sees what you are . 
  if you continue these practices , your people will be hated and will not be safe anymore . 
  accept that we have rights ! '', 
  it 's a silly , theatrical warning based on nothing but his own mythology , of course , but then again , he * is * talking to people that buy into that mythology . 
   it 's a clever , plausibly deniable veiled threat from a clever politician , written with a defence such as yours in mind well yeah , that 's what you 've been claiming and which i 'm not ( yet ) convinced of . 
  i 'm not saying you 're wrong , of course . 
  you could very well be right . 
  i 'm just not convinced yet as it would mean a shift in his position to a place where he can not possibly win . 
  as you say , it 's a matter of perception and that is just a bit too subjective for me . 
  that comparison only works if you assume beforehand that it 's a threat , so that 's not terribly convincing . 
  yes , people are afraid of terrorism . 
  we agree on that . 
  and we also agree that people * could * interpret erdogan 's words as threat . 
  but remember , [ i am skeptical of the claim that it * is * a threat ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/610i49/it_is_president_erdogans_turkey_not_humane/dfaunc2/ ) . 
  after all , the same happened with the `` holy wars '' quote . 
  oh yeah , i totally see that . 
  they 've always been surrounded on three sides . 
  that ca n't * not * be part of their culture at some point . 
  that 's a nice poll , but claiming that has anything to do with what erdogan said is begging the question : you 're trying to prove that he 's using a war-mongering narrative by creating a link that requires him to use a war-mongering narrative . 
  in that light it 's even more absurd to say that we should not talk about ( scare quotes ) narratives . 
  erdogan is a politician ; narratives is what he deals in . 
  do you really think he 's saying all of this for the sake of europe ? 
  of course not . 
  he 's posturing to gain support among the turks . 
  his opinion on the armenian genocide is exactly ? 
  that does n't make sense . 
  do * you * ? 
  i doubt it , otherwise you would have already quoted him making an actual threat . 
  since i was also able to find the actual footage , i can wager a guess :  again i call on the finger-wagging europeans . 
  turkey is not a country that you can toss back and forth , hurt its pride . 
  you ca n't throw its ministers out of your gates and drag its citizens over the ground . 
  the whole world has followed these events . 
  if you continue like this , no european , no westerner , in any part of the world will be able to safely walk the streets . 
  if you go down this path , you are the ones who will suffer the most . 
  we call on europe to respect human rights and democracy . 
  now let 's put aside for a moment the irony of him saying all of this . 
  i think we can agree that this is just some absurd play . 
  considering the whole context and his pr strategy up until now ( which is not militaristic , but one focused on national pride ) , it really sounds like he is once again casting turkey in the role of the victim and europe as a bully . 
  but oh , now that the great and proud turkish nation was totes stepped on , the whole world has clearly seen how europe bullies everyone !, 
  and if europe continues its bullying , they will find out the hard way what happens to people who have the reputation of a bully !, 
  so start respecting basic human rights already . 
  edit : spellink difikult, 
  right , but * why * can they not walk safely on the streets ? 
  i 'd like to see the full context of that , though . 
  that thing where he said there would be holy wars in europe was apparently not a threat either , considering the context was more like a prediction that we would all start having religious wars among one another if we keep up this `` intolerant '' attitude , so i 'm wondering what he was actually trying to say . 
  you people just ca n't catch a break , can you ? 
  there 's always some sort of conflict you 're unwillingly thrown into . 
  yup , it 's a classic cult tactic : breeding a narrative of the underdog oppressed vs. the giant oppressor - but here 's our strong leader who will show the giant what we 're made of . 
  except lubach gets to be funny without shouting or being blatantly partisan . 
  great show . 
  sure , but again , it 's not a numbers game . 
  it 's power projection . 
  got ta be the big guy , play an intimidation game . 
   defense so that stronk russia ca n't stomp us ? 
  not just russia , but yeah . 
  pretty much . 
  not absolute numbers , of course , but it 's a good enough excuse for them to get drawn into a war should any of us be attacked .
