  what 's that in rest-of-the-world measurements ? 
   why is the left wing establishment still taking such a ridiculous stance on immigration ? 
  to be fair , this article is from thinkprogress , which is part of the more insane branch of the us left . 
  this might not accurately reflect what the mainstream left thinks . 
  terrorism is the act of using violence to attempt to change something in society . 
  it 's about motivation and we do n't know what karst t 's motivation was . 
  but if you take our limburg , the average iq in both countries would rise . 
  it 's a win/win !, 
  a few days ago i read a very interesting article in the nrc next on this subject . 
  it actually did come down to `` probably being a bunch of losers '' . 
  is extends their hand to these lone wolves and offers them their allegiance , their flag . 
  and these people take that bait . 
  they want to give their life meaning , they want their name to go down in history as a fighter for a just cause . 
  so they do ; they radicalize , align themselves with is , do some crazy shit and then go out in what they ( and other some other people ) perceive as a blaze of glory . 
  are you responding to the wrong comment ? 
  i hear that the brown university in rhode island , usa has great safe spaces with puppy videos and colouring books . 
  maybe they should invite isis to train their soldiers there . 
  they could make angry youtube videos in which they unironically tell the world how the us is a patriarchy where rape culture reigns supreme . 
  well yeah , that 's how radicalization happens . 
  these people lose stability in their life , think they do n't matter to anyone and thus they rally under the isis brand to make a difference , to give their life ( and death ) value . 
  or any soldier , really . 
  we do n't worship our army , you see . 
   as an ex-nazi that sounds like a really interesting story . 
  maybe , if it 's not too personal , you could write an ( anonymous ) article or self.post about how you got into that crowd and how you then got out ? 
  you know , your motivations , your feelings , the struggles ... 
  i think it would help people understand . 
  i 'm just throwing that idea out there , though . 
  it 's your personal journey so i would understand if it 's too private for public consumption . 
   i fucking hate those brigading fucks from / r/european and / r/the _ donald leaking into this sub whenever a squirrel lets a wet fart . 
  it 's like they ca n't stand it when some shooter gets more attention than them . 
  ironically they 're part of the reason these people stand up . 
  they 're just giving them attention , which is why these people do this anyway - a way to validate their existence . 
  they 're giving that validation by talking about them . 
   i do n't believe we should dismiss pages out of anyone 's book . 
  sorry , maybe the joke was unclear . 
  it 's a very un-pc joke over here when we 're bitching about our own train system . 
  `` hitler 's trains always left on time '' refers to the trains going towards the concentration camps . 
  that 's what i mean by ` the book ' , the instruction manual on how to put people in death camps . 
  yeah , but thanks to hitler the trains started running on time , but i 'm not sure i would want to take a page out of * that * book , you know ? 
  :p in that context `` corralling people into designated areas with a no-nonsense policy towards their entitlements '' sounds a bit sinister as well ... 
  so what was orban 's idea ? 
   even if turkey would be an eu member i fail to see how the middle east would possibly be stabilized because of this . 
  of course being friends with turkey does not guarantee full stabilization , but turkey is their neck of the woods . 
  they 're much closer to middle eastern countries in every way ( political , social , religious , geographically , etc. ), 
  than we are . 
  i mean , sure , if i wanted to get you to do something , talking to your brother may not mean you * will * do it ( you might tell him to piss off anyway ) , but it sure has a better chance of succeeding than if i try to convince you all on my own . 
  as for the refugees , i 'm * really * glad i 'm not a politician that has to deal with this shit . 
  on the one hand you 've got the people being scared , angry , etc. 
  half of these people are on the left side of the intelligence bell curve so good luck reasoning it out . 
  on the other hand you 've got the humanitarian issue as well as the fact that they 're going to try to come in anyway and you 'll never be able to catch them all if you close your borders without doing damage to your own economy . 
  so as a politician , what are you going to do to make sure that this sudden influx is going to happen as smoothly as possible , especially when you do not have the luxury of hindsight and every day counts ? 
  what i 'm saying is that politicians are obviously easy to criticize , but they 're walking a very fine line . 
  i mean , i 've been moderating internet communities for over a decade and i 've seen some real black-and-white shit criticism come from people . 
  i ca n't imagine what it must be like as a leader of a country of millions where with every step you take you 're going to be called hitler by * someone * . 
  thing is , though , turkey is the buffer between europe and the middle east . 
  what happens in turkey 's relationship with europe will radiate out to the middle east . 
  it would 've been great if turkey would be the middle man , helping us to stabilize the middle east . 
  we 're about to lose that tool if we do n't think through every step of the way , that 's why the europe is acting so pussyfooted right now - not because our political leaders lack spine , but because they 're in total damage control mode on an international stage . 
  so they are n't muslim in practice ? 
  the article explicitly says that that 's just a rumour . 
  i do n't think he has much to say about the definition of islamophobia . 
  well , over here the christian faith is not very important . 
  that 's a background thing . 
  we have uncoupled our religions from our governments . 
  but in the middle east you have ( de facto ) theocracies , so lambasting a political stance is pretty much the same thing as shit talking the religion . 
  so in what way are they muslim ? 
  i mean in practice . 
  no , i mean `` put it in action '' . 
  not just on paper . 
  i know that * on paper * you are able to forbid it . 
  let me rephrase the question : if you were a politician , how would you go about convincing people your path is the right one forward ? 
  how would you convince your colleagues ? 
  how would you deal with the riots , the backlash ? 
  how will you deal with the people who talk of human rights ? 
  so basically what you 're saying is : `` you made them butthurt and it 's your own fault their salt mines cause them to organize mass killings ? '', 
  so how are you going to put those plans into action ? 
   it 's maybe time we acknowledge that and stop living like we 're at peace . 
  so what is that like , living like you 're at war ? 
  i realize that question may sound a bit ... belligerent ? 
  but i 'm seriously asking . 
  i just wonder what you picture when you say that . 
  what would happen differently ? 
  man ... you that awkward feeling when a friend of yours tries to talk to a girl and he starts talking about something incredibly personal ? 
  and you 're like : ` oh god , no , please stop . ', 
  but he wo n't stop , he 'll just continue making it more and more awkward with every sentence ? 
  that 's kinda how this feels . 
  when i saw him say that , i turned slack jawed for a moment . 
  `` is he fucking insane ? '', 
  stupid question . 
  oooh , is that talking about those studies in africa where they cut people 's dicktips off and then noticed that there were less hiv infections in those people ? 
  i love that , it 's some wonderful post hoc reasoning . 
  you dutch have german wind turbines eh ? 
  german wind turbines ? 
  i never knew that . 
  ahh , trust the germans to make quality machinery . 
  i 'm actually quite happy about the stroopwafel . 
  they are * gezellig * just the way they are . 
  cheese needs to be diced first . 
  wait , does n't terrorism mean you are trying to spread fear ? 
  is n't this just a form of assassination instead ?
