  ginjeet said that religion finds its roots ( and thrives - mikebruski ) on ignorance , which i do not find an over-generalization , since most religious people * do * believe out of ignorance . 
  ignorance of their holy books , ignorance on the history of their god , ignorance on logic and philosophy , etc. 
  not that ignorance is evil or something ; i 'm ignorant about a lot of things . 
  everybody is . 
  it just means that there 's stuff a person does not know and people just come to an incorrect conclusion because of that . 
  borbottio said that that was `` banal , insulting , inaccurate '' and valueless . 
  yes , it 's banal - so what ? 
  does n't make it less true . 
  it just makes him pout . 
  insulting ? 
  why ? 
  do these people profess to know everything ? 
  inaccurate ? 
  certainly not !, 
  valueless ? 
  it was a fitting response to cbfw86 's comment . 
  you 'd be surprised how accurate he is . 
  for the netherlands antonie van leeuwenhoek , the father of micro-biology , please . 
  would i be a total asshole if i said i find that one ugly monument ? 
  shame , i thought it was hilarious . 
  well , the part where the tribesmen go to the netherlands , that is . 
  absolutely love the way they react to things that are mundane to us . 
  from my country there are two related `` reality shows '' i enjoy . 
  they are called groeten uit de rimboe and groeten terug . 
  in the former a dutch family is planted in a primitive african tribe where they will undergo all kinds of culture shocks . 
  noooo , that 's so sad ! ), 
  in the latter the family hosts a few people from the same african tribe . 
  watch tribal people panic over taps being left running because they think the water will run out . 
  good luck finding it with subtitles though . 
  that 's usually fine . 
  german and dutch are etymologically very close related . 
  well , in paris every room in every hotel has a view of the eiffel tower , so i guess that arrogance towards the lower caste french is slightly warranted . 
  sorry , i meant what you said , that `` in the south of france people are stupid and uneducated '' . 
  what you said is n't a stereotype , that is actually true . 
   because , as everybody knows , dutch people go to south of france for vacation , where people are stupid and uneducated hah , south france * is * actually the preferred spot . 
  is that a stereotype among the french ? 
   ( joking ) are n't we all ? 
  that 's okay , there is n't really one , i think . 
  20 km east of amsterdam is the area we call `` het gooi '' , where people will speak very snobby dutch . 
  like flemish , the accent changes with the location . 
   dutch is not a widely spoken language compared to the ones spoken in this sea of red countries . 
  how 's that relevant ? 
  you only do voice overs once , just like you subtitle only once . 
  the size of the crowd does n't matter . 
   but you have to know , here most people agree on the fact when you hear someone speaking dutch you feel like he is assaulting you . 
  and most people here agree that when you hear a frenchman speak you can hear a hint of arrogance and snobbiness . 
  we do n't hold that against the french though . 
  what we * do * hold against the french that is that we ca n't communicate with them in english when we 're on vacation . 
  that amsterdam accent makes us laugh , really . 
  it 's a very relaxed , fun-loving `` i do n't give a shit '' accent ... just like accents from rotterdam and the hague ( though the latter is stereotypically interjected with * much * more profanity ) . 
   ( from the dutch version of jersey shore ( i 'm sorry ) this is why i do n't watch tv  west-flemish accent ( from a comedy sketch ) : ruute achneentng absolutely fantastic . 
  definitely . 
  flemish flows more and does not have those audible g 's . 
  the dutch language just is n't very rich . 
  it 's a modern and very fluid language that continues to change its rules every few years , so few concepts actually stick around . 
  for example , i am reading * dune * ( 8th time now ! ), 
  in english . 
  i ca n't stand the dutch translation because though it is technically correct , it does n't have much `` flavour '' to it . 
  take this passage , for example , where a young ducal heir talks with an older servant and friend :  duncan 's gone to lead the second wave onto arrakis , '' halleck said . 
  `` all you have left is poor gurney who 's fresh out of fight and spoiling for music . '', 
  he struck another chord , listened to it , smiled . 
  `` and it was decided in council that you being such a poor fighter we 'd best teach you the music trade so 's you wo n't waste your life entire . '', 
   `` maybe you 'd better sing me a lay then , '' paul said . 
  `` i want to be sure how not to do it . '', 
  gurney laughed , and he swung into `` galacian girls . '', 
  his multipick a blur over the strings as he sang . 
  ...  `` not bad for such a poor hand with the pick , '' paul said , `` but if my mother heard you singing a bawdy like that in the castle , she 'd have your ears on the outer wall for decoration . '', 
   gurney pulled at his left ear . 
  `` poor decoration , too , they having been bruised so much listening at keyholes while a young lad i know practiced some strange ditties on his baliset . '', 
   `` so you 've forgotten what it 's like to find sand in your bed , '' paul said . 
  he pulled a shield belt from the table , buckled it fast around his waist . 
  `` then , let 's fight ! '', 
   halleck 's eyes went wide in mock surprise . 
  it was your wicked hand did that deed !, 
  guard yourself today , young master -- guard yourself . '', 
  he grabbed up a rapier , laced the air with it . 
  `` i 'm a hellfiend out for revenge ! '', 
  you can see how rich , almost poetic the english language can be here . 
  this just does n't carry over well in dutch . 
  perhaps we 're just too practical . 
  heh , it 's not so bad when you 're used to it . 
  there are few real reasons , i think : - dutch is a language where things easily get lost in translation . 
  - we 're internationally minded anyway . 
  - subtitles are cheaper . 
  holy shit , we 're a little blue island in a sea of horrible voice overs . 
   cdu , csu and fdp what 's that in english ? 
  why , would you like to see merkel gone ? 
  and pardon my ignorance , but what does australia have to do with it ? 
  retreating is a move as well . 
  if you do n't get involved in that specific event , you go on to play the game elsewhere . 
  everything in life is a game . 
  move , countermove . 
  every single moment , every single day . 
  the difference between this and a `` mere '' game is that the stakes are much higher , the opponents much tougher and the playing field much bigger . 
  last thing i heard of him when he was walking away from table talks , pouting . 
  just when you thought you got rid of someone ... 
  '' ... after enraging european leaders including the german chancellor by suggesting the greek people should vote on the terms of their second bailout . '', 
  you might want to actually complete that sentence . 
  well , as usual it 's the germans who have gotten economy and industry down to a t. i applaud you , sir . 
  is there anybody who * needs * to be fooled then , i wonder .
