  the voting system that stimulates polarization by encouraging `` strategic '' voting and gerrymandering ? 
  these are objective issues , not subjective experiences . 
  i do n't actually use reddit as a news source and i do n't like movies . 
  by `` in terrible shape '' i meant the political landscape . 
  i think the context made that clear , if not , i apologize . 
  i 'm sure daily life is pretty decent there . 
  of course , it was just an aside . 
  explain . 
  how does me never having been there make its government any better ? 
  how does it make its news outlets any less biased ? 
  never , but i keep up . 
  know a few people who did visit , though . 
  they tend to say the same thing , that americans are generally kind people . 
   to irradicate prostitution from the eu psst , that 's `` eradicate '' . 
  `` irradicate '' has something to do with planting something deep in the ground . 
  nobody deserves to live in america , especially the nice americans . 
  it 's a country with a government where you can either vote right or extreme right . 
  the news outlets are propaganda outlets for either of them . 
  how ironic is that it started out as a nation where people could start over , a place where people could do great things , and look how terrible its political system turned out anyway . 
  so no , even though the people are generally kind and open , i am glad not to be living in the united states . 
  what does that have to do with what i said ? 
  how ? 
  how does the presence of a european flag mean * anything * to you ? 
  what they are doing there has nothing to do with europe . 
  they are not sacrificing shit for europe . 
  they are fighting and dying for themselves , for their people , for the wellbeing of their own country . 
  yeah , that line made me very uncomfortable . 
  blood and valour * legitimizes * a flag ? 
  it makes it * live * ? 
  what 's going on there ? 
  they 're fighting for an anti-authoritarian ideal - that does n't mean shit for the legitimacy of the eu flag . 
  what kind of shitty propaganda talk is that ? 
  it 's just as legitimate now as it was a year ago . 
  high priority : fix the voting system , because it is broken as shit . 
  composition with red , blue and yellow ? 
  my point exactly . 
   `` the taste certainly gets richer with age . 
  the longer you wait to open a can , the more complex the flora of tastes you get . '', 
  somehow using the phrase `` flora of tastes '' in the context of a can of 25 year old fermented herring does n't make me want to try it . 
  what kind of insanity would have to happen to build big walls and station armed guards so that a continent gets split in two ? 
  the iron curtain is n't that long ago either - what strange creatures we are . 
  unfortunately , science is n't a well-paid industry and the spirit of science does n't buy test-tubes . 
  it has to be through lobbying , politics and commercial ventures that money becomes available . 
  it 's a disgrace , but there we go . 
  true , but fortuyn seemed to be [ merely opinionated ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=-nc-jem_3dm#t=83 ) , not a contrarian drama queen like wilders is . 
  i think that 's what rf5m was trying to say . 
  a less charming one , joop den uyl on an international conference , translating the dutch word for ` entrepreneurs ' literally into english , thereby providing the perfect example of ` lost in translation ' : ** we are a nation of undertakers . 
  i was specifically referring to your use of the phrase `` they are pretty much of faggots '' . 
  what 's that about ? 
  am i missing some kind of joke ? 
   yep . 
  it 's special police squad omon . 
  they are pretty much of faggots . 
  excuse me , what ? 
  wait , you people have dutch in school ? 
  why would you waste your time with something as useless as that ? 
  point is , your television secrets are n't safe , germany . ), 
  i just finished watching jagten three minutes ago after seeing your recommendation for it . 
  very powerful , as it would happen in a small town . 
  the ending was fantastic as well . 
  it definitely sent the message that lucas 's eyes seemed to drive home : stories like this never have an ending . 
   i 'm typing too much and the more i type , the more wrong my facts become thanks , it 's very much appreciated . 
  i 'll keep an eye out for corrections by other people , then . 
  i am completely uninformed about wallonia . 
  what exactly is so rotten ? 
  is n't it just ... little france ? 
  significant enough to warrant inclusion in the whole narrative . 
  to verdener ( english title : worlds apart ) about a jehovah 's witness girl that falls in love with a `` worldly '' ( non-jehovah 's witness ) boy and is forced to choose between her family and religion and the love she has found . 
  based on a true story . 
  you 're actually kind of reinforcing the point that yup_its_me_again is making . 
  :( well , so much for that feelgood moment . 
  some . 
  but that 's mankind for you . 
   whom him is surprised . 
  wonderful story . 
  helps everyone to remember that we 're not dealing with an army of clones , but that under those helmets there really are human beings with their own opinions , emotions and stories . 
   well , dnt is simply expressing the wish , that ad networks do not track you . 
  i accidentally added a space in there . 
  i 'm referring to [ dntm ] ( https://addons.mozilla.org/en-us/firefox/addon/donottrackplus/ ) . 
  but other than that , a very interesting comment and well worth looking into for everyone . 
  that 's not neccessarily difficult , actually . 
  use donottrackme or ghostery for whatever browser you use and switch out google for startpage.com . 
  i wish google tons of luck establishing a filter for my results then . 
  i 'm not going to lie , this is probably my favourite part about european/world championships football - seeing the streets wash over with loud orange people . 
  yeah , i was going to say . 
  they just copied it from the douchebag side of america . 
  i was going to copy-paste an example here of someone saying something ridiculous with the word `` libtard '' in it , came across a quote that says that harry potter is anti-blonde and anti-white , that it tries to justify genocide and that hitler never committed the holocaust . 
  then i realized that quote actually came from stormfront , so that 's not much help . 
  dreck does n't let itself compare easily . 
  man . 
  look at that discipline . 
  they just stand there and take it , even when one guy started swinging a pretty big chain around . 
  would n't want to be part of that line . 
  that 's okay , it 's not your fault . 
  such bravery . 
  in the netherlands we have * de telegraaf * . 
  though their headlines may be punny from time to time , they love sensationalism and even include a gossip section carrying the logo of a big dutch gossip glossy . 
  yes . 
  kinda like that . 
  but that 's the boon of anonimity on the internet .
