  you do n't get to decide * any * of this , not only because you can not retroactively control reality , but also because you do n't even know the story in the first place . 
  you are simply wrong . 
  absolutely wrong . 
  like i said earlier , all your points are based on your own complete ignorance about the situation which you would rather keep intact than shed . 
  if you had bothered to actually read what we have been saying all this time , you would have understood that what this unknown developer and her five friends had done was the straw that broke the camel 's back and people were already angry over a lot of shit , including the dorito pope and gerstmann vs gamespot . 
  i even explicitly mentioned those . 
  you would have also understood how this event was related to the industry at large . 
  but you do n't understand , because you have n't read a word that was written . 
  and it 's again evidenced when you said this demonstrably untrue thing :  the irony is that you 've basically ignoted all the points i made . 
  your `` points '' are based on nothing but your own wilful ignorance of the facts . 
  but you have already admitted that you do n't care about what is factually true . 
  / u/greekball was right about you and it was my own pollyannaish attitude that stopped me from seeing that . 
  very little of what you have said comports with reality , but you do n't care because you 're intellectually dishonest through and through . 
   i do n't care what quinn may or may not have done . 
  and there we have it . 
  that is the difference between you and the people who give a shit about a multi-billion dollar industry that is deeply ingrained into our culture : even when you asked about it , you just did n't care . 
  this is why you can so easily make a frankly baffling equivocation between people who are angry at malfeasance within journalism and people who `` start a witch hunt over practically nothing '' . 
  this is why you can so easily dismiss outrage over cronyism and manipulation as `` commotion over an unknown person with an unknown text based game '' . 
  you have given yourself the luxury of playing dumb because you are just not interested . 
  it 's not strange that you ask about her specifically - it 's that you seem resistant to any sort of information about her that puts her ( and her friends ) in a less than positive light . 
  conflict of interest and a positive coverage ? 
  turn it into `` review '' and do n't accept the examples . 
  faked harassment ? 
  nope , does n't really matter . 
  as long as the claim stands that the internet has been on fire and started a witch hunt . 
  your whole goal seems to be - and please do correct me if i 'm wrong - to not accept that quinn and people like her lie to worm themselves into a better spotlight . 
   i asked for an example of her getting favourable reviews by fucking guys . 
  i do n't know why you would do that , since nobody mentioned reviews except you . 
   since the internet was on fire over this for so long yes , for all of three days . 
  that 's when the rest kicked off . 
  did you really think this whole thing continues to this day over quinn ? 
   yet the best example you can give me is an offhand mention in a tiny obscure article ? 
  the two front and centre mentions by a main writer on a rather large gaming website was the * easiest * one i could point you to . 
  greekball mentioned another occasion of public support by her buddies , and i mentioned the indicade . 
  so that 's three examples of coverage . 
  do you see why i asked you if you are just being difficult ? 
  i said she got favourable coverage ( she did ) , that she was having improper relations with people in the industry ( she did ) , and when you asked for an example i gave you one . 
  your reaction is not acknowledgement . 
  instead , it 's moving the goalposts , `` forgetting '' two more examples , downplaying one , putting words in my mouth , and getting * incredibly * focused on quinn . 
  i hope you can see how you 're not exactly coming across as saying * anything * in good faith here . 
  he did the supporting through his job as a journalist . 
  and there was robin arnott ( one of the other five guys ) getting her a prize in the indiecade . 
  also , i could n't help but notice you asked for an example , i gave you one , and you were still dissatisfied . 
  do you actually want to know about this stuff or are you just here to be difficult ? 
  i said coverage , not reviews . 
  not that it matters , it 's a minor detail to the point of semantics , but it 's a very popular red herring to throw out . 
  but more to the point of your question , [ here ] ( https://www.rockpapershotgun.com/2014/01/08/admission-quest-valve-greenlights-50-more-games/ ) is nathan fucking grayson putting her text adventure front and centre , calling it a `` standout '' and a `` powerful twine darling '' , for example . 
  after that came the dmcas . 
  spurious accusations of doxxing . 
  fishy donation streams . 
  oh man , there 's so much . 
  also , not enough panels . 
   a certain part of the internet with very little going on in their lives started a witch hunt because her ex was bitching on a forum just dropping in here for a small correction . 
  eron gonji wrote a blog post ( not a forum post ) in which he laid out how he felt he had been abused by her . 
  this became interesting to the internet , not because she is a woman abusing a man , but because at least three of the men she slept with while in a relationship with gonji was working in games journalism ( one of them being her boss ) , giving her favourable coverage . 
  this conflict of interest was the straw that broke the camel 's back after gerstmann vs gamespot , the dorito pope , etc. 
  so gg had little do with a someone getting witch hunted because her ex complained , though with all the scorned and scummy media outlets propping up professional victims ( to the point of fabricating harassment ) as a red herring against criticism , as well as the fucking stupid idea to rally around * a hashtag * of all things , it is easy to make that mistake . 
  so greekball is right in that she is relishing in her twitter harassment , and you are right that people have been sending her shitty tweets with the gg hashtag . 
  shitty people everywhere , except those who actually wanted to talk about corruption in an entertainment industry that is larger than hollywood . 
  alright , thanks . 
  you 're a cool person . 
  so i take it that you then retract this comment : * [ it is ] not necessarily a lie [ that women are getting paid 77 % of a man for the same work ] , though . 
  it 's a complicated statistical issue that upsets some people for some reason when it 's brought up . 
  * and this comment : * it 's a controversial issue [ that women are getting paid 77 % of a man for the same work ] . 
  i can provide a shitton of sources that say that 's true , you can probably provide an equal amount of sources that say it is n't . 
  it 's not a lie so much as that it 's one point of view on this issue . 
  i 'm not trying to be difficult - i 'm only pressing you on this because it was the whole point of my comment . 
   it 's a controversial issue . 
  yes , but only because it 's a blatant lie that gets repeated . 
  it 's a cold , hard fact that women do not get paid 77 cents on the dollar for the same work . 
  it 's not `` one point of view on this issue '' , just as saying that grass is red is not just one point of view . 
  [ over here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6gqtoi/brexit_ii_last_week_tonight_with_john_oliver_hbo/disodyk/ ) you ask / u/solastsummer to explain the difference of two cents , but that is shifting the goal posts . 
  the facts are clear : women do not earn 77 cents on a man 's dollar . 
  sorry , but you 've got it wrong . 
  the sculpture has the back of the hand pointed towards the viewer . 
  it 's not a victory sign . 
  it 's a fuck you to europe . 
  whether or not it makes sense to you does n't change that this is done by people who would like to weigh anchor and float the british isles further into the atlantic if that was only possible . 
   it 's still a change in some country 's ethnic identity if we want to play the nationalism game . 
  to be fair , though , eastern european folklore is much cooler . 
  i would n't mind importing some of that shit . 
  no , no . 
  that was * definitely * a lie . 
  they said that it was for the same work , same hours . 
  they straight up denied what you said . 
  i was thinking of mount & blade , but that 's because they have the vaegirs . 
  do n't forget the part where an opponent gets conveniently edited and subsequently mocked without actually going into the argument . 
   that went to hell with the us elections . 
  it was bad even before that - they consciously repeated the lie of women getting paid 77 % of a man for the same work , remember ? 
  there are three excuses that can push any law through the houses : child abuse , terrorism and piracy . 
  yes , it 's called that by * us * , not the people who actually do it . 
  yeah , that was the citizenship scandal . 
  she lied about her background to gain entry . 
  inasmuch as they say it 's a `` war on islam '' , yes . 
  they take our foreign policy and press it through the filter of their religious motives . 
   i really like many of your people , especially ayaan hirsi ali . 
  the way we treated ayaan is terrible though . 
  we ( at least initially ) did n't give her proper protection and she ended up leaving our politics because of some citizenship scandal . 
  ffs , she 's a heroine and we let her go just like that . 
  well yeah , but if you listen , you 'll hear them say that political reasons are secondary nearly to the point of it being an afterthought .
