  another treasure fleet , however , was n't and was forced straight into the arms of the dutch fleet due to a storm . 
  there was n't even a battle . 
  adjusted for inflation , hein 's victory won the united provinces about half a billion euros . 
  slavery . 
  definitely slavery . 
  we got filthy , filthy rich off shipping people from various places to other places against their will . 
  we were one of the biggest , if not * the * biggest slave traders ever . 
   again , getting swept up with all the idealism . 
  turned out to be all bullshit and lies . 
  i feel disgusted that my vote contributed to get him in office . 
  i feel at least slightly responsible for the nsa and drone strikes and all the other horseshit . 
  and here i wonder ... what if you voted for romney ? 
  as you said , it 's a far\u00e7e . 
  next time ... vote independent and tell your friends to do so ? 
  be the start of something new ? 
  i mean , if you 're going to `` waste '' a vote , better waste it on something at least half-way decent , right ? 
  there 's this whole concept that is innate to us as a social species : tribalism . 
  not inherently bad per se , but do n't push it too far . 
  be open for new possibilities , that others can be right and that you can be wrong . 
  it 'd make society at large a better place . 
  but above that are corrupt people who are in charge . 
  power corrupts , they say . 
  but i like the twist frank herbert gave it : ultimate power attracts the ultimately corruptable . 
   a lot of the stuff i worked on was with europeans banks , wow , i honestly believe the financial system in europe is much more corrupt than here . 
  i wanted to say ' i imagine ' , but i probably ca n't . 
  it 's like there 's this whole `` shadow '' world , one that common man will never see . 
  it 's a shadow world not just because it 's ' a world next to the real one ' , but also because things happen that can not survive the light of day . 
  people enriching themselves at the cost of not just this generation , but also future generations . 
  even this planet . 
  i remember seeing [ this bit of news ] ( http://blogs.scientificamerican.com/plugged-in/2012/05/30/nc-makes-sea-level-rise-illegal/ ) . 
  it absolutely fucking blew my mind . 
  you know ... 
  i was raised a jehovah 's witness . 
  i left when i was 23 ( that 's five years ago ) . 
  for 23 years , unbeknownst to me , i had been living in an information bubble , carefully crafted for me by proxy through my parents by people in downtown new york . 
  when i found out i had been lied to , kept in the dark to the point of social retardation , i was angry . 
  the corruption , the coverups , the followers . 
  i stepped out of that cult bubble and what did i step into ? 
  an even bigger bubble of corruption , but this time it 's * other * bankers and * other * politicians . 
  it 's disgusting . 
  but this time , i feel powerless to stop it . 
   i think it will be handled peacefully before it comes to that i 'd really like to know how when representatives can not even be held accountable . 
  i would n't be surprised either . 
  i 'm not a `` truther '' , but governments have a pretty piss-poor record when it comes to honesty . 
  hopefully it happens in our lifetime . 
  all our governments are doing their own kind of spying and are perpetrating their own transgressions against their people . 
  they can get away with it because they have a mutual understanding with the larger powers : do n't rock the boat . 
  i think that if the american people stand up against their government and finally use that second amendment for that for which it was written , and the current political system * does * topple and all those secrets will be laid bare , the rest of the western world will get pretty ticked off as well . 
  it 'd probably be pretty damn ugly in america , but you know what they say about the tree of liberty ... 
  i 'm referring to the cause of both : a * de facto * two-party system where you can vote for one of two parties on the opposite side of the spectrum . 
  neither will budge . 
  neither will cooperate with the other . 
  as a result , nothing gets done and the voter gets fucked over . 
  it 's not easy to get out of it either : introducing a third party will hurt the party they are closest aligned to . 
  if the tea party would get enough of a base to seperate themselves from the gop , you 'd have a democrat majority and the two other parties in the minority - it 'd be letting the other side win . 
  and in the meantime , here are citizens of the united states who , despite getting bombarded with propaganda financed by large corporations ( because corporations are people and money is free speech ) , try to gather information , engage in debate and genuinely try to do the right thing . 
  and all they get from their elected officials is the dick . 
  i did n't mean to be condescending if that 's the impression you got ... 
  it just makes me genuinely sad and angry that good people are being fucked over like that . 
  americans deserve so much more than being fed false promises and poisonous rhetoric and being disappointed every single time . 
  it especially sad because the us founding fathers genuinely had some good ideas and philosophies . 
  they must be rolling in their graves to see what has become of the dreams they had worked so hard for . 
   we all love usa here yeah , no we do n't . 
  americans , sure , kind people most of the time . 
  the usa ... not really . 
  i would n't wish such a government upon my worst enemy . 
  i always like to think dutch sounds like a dejected german . 
  danish sounds like a dejected german who decided to drown his sorrows . 
  flemish is a particularly nice form of dutch , though . 
  i know that feeling . 
  loud obnoxious fucks - do n't want to be associated with that . 
  dutch is n't the prettiest language around anyway . 
  so which one are you ? 
  because germany deserves it . 
  it 's the worst thing they have inflicted upon europe in the past sixty years . 
  so let me guess . 
  they did n't transfer any data to the us , they had the us do the spying work all by themselves . 
  oh , of course . 
  ignore me . 
  but when i open the page , estonia is the first in the list ... 
   not because the jylland/sj \u00e6lland strife goes deeper than friendly jokes does it ? 
  if they 're from lolland , it 'd probably just depress them . 
  and when the dutch speak of great britain , we usually say `` engeland '' , which is obviously also utterly wrong . 
  this subreddit does n't seem particularly nasty towards americans to me . 
  i can only imagine the awkward fidgeting in the room as he said that . 
  i once heard someone say there are three reasons that allow any bill to pass : piracy , child porn and terrorism . 
  i do n't know where i heard it , but i loved it when i did . 
  as long as you do n't touch the porcelain throne itself . 
  we shall defend our right to shit in bowls without getting splashback with shitwater against you damn yanks !, 
  who , reddit ? 
  yeah , it 's been a while since reddit was a secret club in a treehouse ... 
  sure , both . 
  also france and my own country deserve some scorn as well as any other country who pulls this shit . 
  but i 've noticed that attention has been shifting towards european countries in the media and away from the us . 
  i find that quaint . 
  oh , not you . 
  you ca n't help it . 
  just as we 're not angry at the germans for what their government does . 
  i was waiting for someone to strawman me in a typical reddit fashion . 
  i 'm glad you did not disappoint .
