  ukraine released proof in the form of that phone call , where the people involved were quite clearly unhappy over the whole situation . 
   the only reasonable thing to do in order to reach civilized conversation is to kill everyone . 
  ah , the `` they are not technically lying '' defense . 
  i 've heard that one regularly when i pointed out propaganda in cult magazines . 
  which is weird , because the us is n't even that involved , is it ? 
  i mean , not more than any european country , that is . 
  well , you know ... it 's like dutch buildings - nobody cares about our shit either . 
  it 's just nothing too majestic or remarkable , you know ? 
  it 's just practical . 
  we need a building . 
  there you go . 
  i think it was an apt anthem for what the eu was supposed to stand for - brotherhood and all that . 
  but as you say , an ideal so poetically described in such a fantastic piece can so easily be turned into propaganda and that sucks . 
  there 's a fine line between genuinely feeling inspired by * an die freude * to make things right together and expressing it , and using it as propaganda , so i definitely get where you 're coming from . 
  i 'm not sure i 'd call this event necessarily propaganda , though ; that has a bit of a sinister tone to it . 
  but i do agree that it 's sad that it needs to be sung and heard in a situation of political upheaval , in an attempt to poke the political opposition in the eye . 
  on the other hand , the us intelligence service is excellent at data mining . 
  so there 's that . 
   i was a bit liberal with my translation , i hope nobody minds . 
  translations are supposed to be liberal for readability , do n't worry about it . 
  the us military-industrial complex is [ not exactly an insignificant part of the us economy ] ( http://www.salon.com/2012/01/24/america_arms_dealer_to_the_world/ ) . 
  the us has n't stopped producing tanks since ww ii and as a result there 's hundreds of tanks collecting dust in sierra nevada . 
  they do n't need those , but they * do * need the industry . 
  not for any military action , it 's just to keep their economy going . 
  my point was there have been attempts to sneak in backdoors . 
  that there was a kernel developer who spotted it ( who could get that position because linux is floss in the first place ) , is just a happy accident . 
   its not like the bnd was n't involved in most of the spying . 
  that 's not relevant , though . 
   no idea what you are trying to say here . 
  he 's saying that since you can look at the source code of open-source software , people will be able to catch backdoors before they even get in . 
  [ it happened before ] ( https://freedom-to-tinker.com/blog/felten/the-linux-backdoor-attempt-of-2003/ ) . 
   netherlands - shell ( $ 451.2 billion ) oil and gas  uk - bp ( $ 396.2 billion ) oil and gas hey , united kingdom . 
  vicarious shame . 
  that 's not how you spell ` helpful ' . 
  no need to be an asshole . 
  it 's a minor correction . 
  people like me learn your language by reading it and yadungoofed did n't give any indication that he meant to be condescending . 
   although i wonder why you say `` just a kind of freelance spy '' . 
  because there is one less element to the person : allegiance . 
  but yeah , those are more dangerous . 
   so this begs the question why he would try to contact the russian embassy just a small correction between germanic brothers : you probably mean ` raises the question ' . 
  ` begging the question ' is a logical fallacy in which the conclusion is contained in one of the premises . 
  but to stay on-topic , is it possible that he 's just a kind of `` freelance spy '' , selling information to the highest bidder ? 
  if i would have to sum up our national attitude in one word , it 'd be : `` meh . '', 
  unless we 're talking about football , then it 's `` olund ! '', 
   like i said i was defending op . 
  ah , look . 
  i see you have found the reason why it 's so ironic . 
  i love how the one guy who says that `` to love the country means to love the government and if you do n't like it , get out '' is a trucker . 
  some stereotypes are just universal , are n't they ? 
  oh , look , more irony . 
  well , i guess that answers posnania 's question . 
   the initial concept of which probably was n't too bad ; you just ca n't have an open [ decentralised ] group like that and expect it to not contain a good number of rotten apples and shitty strands . 
  i do n't think you 've got the right idea about the initial concept of anonymous . 
  the good guys were just there to look good to the outside world . 
  not that you know of . 
  there are people who isolate themselves from the rest of society because they do n't want to be `` part of the world '' . 
  hell , i could say that i have started a new religion because privacy is such an important part of my life that it might as well be . 
  it really does n't matter . 
  who are you to say that ? 
  perhaps he does . 
  that was as a response to nitroxious saying `` i could make the claim that [ wearing a skimask ] is for religious reasons as well '' . 
  if you 're going take that literally , even then , yes , he could make the claim , just as much as he could make the claim he farts fairies . 
  but that 's not what he means . 
  note the context . 
  nitroxious said : `` if theyre allowed to go into a bank ( or something similar ) wearing a burqa '' ( premise ) , `` then i should be allowed to walk in there with a black skimask . '', 
  ( conclusion ) he was quite clearly talking about an ought . 
  * i ought to be able to do the same thing . 
  * the following sentence , `` i could make the claim that [ wearing a skimask ] is for religious reasons as well '' , is a further elaboration on that , perhaps missing the premise '' ... since they can claim it too '' . 
  in other words , because muslims can claim it , he ought to be able to claim it as well . 
  i 'm a wordy fuck , i know , but ... there you go . 
  he 's talking about an ought , not an is . 
  ought . 
  not is . 
  and i said you were approaching the situation in the wrong way . 
  he did not mean `` why is it like this '' - he 's not a total idiot - he said `` why * should * it be like this '' . 
  completely different . 
   i told you why despite it being more equal , what is commonly accepted is what matters right or wrong . 
  but that was n't what anyone was talking about , except you . 
  see what i 've been trying to do here ? 
  really ? 
  i thought we had to write letters asking for special permissions detailing why we should be able to have a gun or something . 
  the problem is that you do n't realize that the law has no bearing on this whatsoever , nor does popularity . 
  this is n't a legal discussion . 
  this is a discussion on oughts . 
  on equality . 
  so i 'm still waiting for a reason why people whose religion centres around , say , privacy or exclusion from cameras or whatever should not be able to hide their face with their religion 's attire while a muslim can . 
  religion is religion . 
  you can not give one religion preference over the other merely on the basis of numbers of followers . 
   because most people ( popularity ) agree that killing someone for revenge is a morally bad act ( not fair ) , hence we make it illegal ( atleast here in the u.k and in the netherlands ) . 
  no , we do n't make laws because of popular vote . 
  why do you think it is debated in the houses ? 
  we make laws because it furthers society as a whole . 
  the law is made after * oughts * . 
  that oughts have to be established first . 
  so let 's establish the ought . 
  if one person * ought * to be able to choose their garb based on their private religious convictions , why * ought * another person not be able to choose their garb based on their private religious convictions ? 
  no , laws is how we decide what is illegal , not what is fair . 
  laws do n't even factor into this . 
  but we already covered that .
