  surely if americans are fed up with both the democrats * and * the republicans , more will flock to the independents , thereby breaking the two-party system and giving a seat to a third party , right ? 
  i guess the fptp system ruins that , but if that was changed too ... just ... hypothetically ... that would be good , right ? 
  please do n't take away my hopes and dreams . 
  so does this mean people start voting for other parties besides the democrats and republicans ? 
  surely more competition in the political marketplace will help politicians straighten up and fly right ? 
   it is a survey on the perception of corruption hence my question , ` what 's going on ? ' . 
  i thought a spaniard would be able to tell me what they perceive to be happening ... :-), 
  i 'm not gon na lie , that came so out of nowhere i could n't help producing actual laughter . 
  are you from a different scandinavian country or something ? 
  because i know those love to poke fun at each other . 
  i admit , i am terribly out of the loop . 
  perhaps it was improving at one time and i just never heard any news after that . 
  man ... sorry about the situation . 
  what 'll happen next ? 
  do you mean the economy and jobs ? 
  i thought that was improving ? 
  i was going to say `` well done , spain !, 
  '' , but when i looked at the map i could see that higher in the list means less corruption . 
  what 's going on there , spain ? 
  being a stalker is a mere click of a nickname away ... :-), 
   if you travel to the netherlands and they see that you 're a foreigner or that you 're speaking english , they will speak english to you that 's because we like to show off our knowledge of the english language . 
  if he would be buddy-buddy with wong , i would agree with you . 
  thing is , he 's making fun of a stranger , from a position of authority , multiple times . 
  that 's what makes it especially horrible . 
  well , that is just crazy . 
  you 're a regular on / r/pathfinder _ rpg - you 'd think * someone * on that subreddit would 've found the opportunity to make such an obvious joke . 
  what does that even mean ? 
  do you look like someone who is not of dutch descent ? 
  i mean , do they racially profile you or something ? 
  why do they pick you out of all people ? 
  edit : what 's wrong with you people ? 
  is it forbidden to ask for clarification now ? 
   i can say that the dutch speaking community certainly is tolerant . 
  yeah , but that 's the flemish right ? 
  the flemish are nicer than the dutch . 
  i think . 
  are they ? 
  that is n't racist so i think the original remark falls flat but i did n't know these companies were exploitative . 
  easy for me to boycott them as i never buy there , but still , i 'll gladly spread the word . 
   in the netherlands , it 's someone who was a real danger to dutch sailors : a slaver from africa . 
  i 'd like your source on that , actually . 
  i know the moors were slavedrivers and i 've heard a few origin stories , one of them being a slave freed by st. nicholas who became friends , but not this one . 
   some more background about gordon , the guy who made the joke : he 's considered to be a ` relnicht ' , literally a ` riot fag ' . 
  he called himself this several times as well . 
  basically he is not the brightest guy around , but definitely not really racist . 
  he just made a poor joke nobody really considered funny , get over it . 
  thing is , he does this often . 
  people are apparently getting sick and tired of his shit . 
  perhaps i 'm totally ignorant of the world around me , but i ahhh ... 
  i do n't get it . 
   yesterday xiao wang himself voiced what he thought of the whole affair . 
  ( nos : wang condems gordon 's jokes ) he writes : `` i knew about [ gordon 's ] so-called ` sense of humor ' in advance , so on-stage i ignored his jokes , but of course i did n't like them . 
  the jokes attest to bad taste and ignorance . '', 
  and : `` i believe that in a multicultural society , where people are assumed to be treated decently and with respect , you should be careful to not offend others . 
  and people should think twice before ` making jokes . ' '', 
  i fucking * knew * gordon was full of it . 
  i an interview he said wang did n't mind . 
  god , that man truly is a shit . 
  at least it was n't ... * max * insanity . 
  hey , i bet you never heard that one before . 
  psst , that was joop den uyl . 
  [ ruud lubbers is even worse ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yefzkq0ycew ) . 
   that the people that lent your country money in the first place just do n't get it back ? 
  we know how that feels , actually . 
  time for my kneejerk reaction : `` pirate party for european parliament ! '', 
  you 're right , wikipedia says * die niederlande * . 
  i submit to your wisdom . 
  lucky you . 
  i still am going to have to fail you , though . 
  ~ ~ you * did * add an umlaut to `` niederl\u00e4ndische '' , but not to `` niederl\u00e4nde '' . 
  also , ~ ~ deutschland is written with an s . one day we will be invading germany , my friend . 
  better practice now . 
   der niederlande die , as well as an umlaut on the a in - lande , because plural . 
  i for one would gladly submit to our danish overlords . 
  they 're the best . 
  til that some americans think i live in denmark . 
   it is not even a point of opinion on the one you replied to ( later down the line it is ) i admit , i hijacked the top comment . 
  in my defense , i did it because people like to drive-by vote . 
  stop downvoting this guy , people . 
  downvotes are not for disagreeing ; downvotes are for not contributing to the discussion . 
  politicians have nothing to do with it . 
  however , the tablet runs on windows , which is still a favourite for a lot of schools . 
  probably thought they got a good deal buying commercial licenses in bulk or something . 
  and that open-source operating systems are unstable or lack support or something . 
   `` the memory of the hp device is 64gb , it far exceeds other tablets ' memory capacity . '' because you ca n't possibly do with 16 or 32 gb on a school tablet . 
  that 'd just be madness !, 
   i think it 's pretty clear what anti-americanism is . 
  well no . 
  i think it 's used as a buzzword . 
  just say `` but you 're anti-american ! '', 
  and do n't make a coherent argument . 
  it sounds so good !, 
   in light of your comment that `` they are the source of danger '' it 's also worth considering that many intelligence agencies in europe ( gchq and dche ) are involved in these kind of mass-surveillance activities , not just the nsa . 
  true , but irrelevant to my point . 
  that the nsa is not the * only * source of danger , does n't mean they are n't at all . 
   hermann gr\u00f6he , the general secretary of merkel 's conservative christian democrats , accused the spd of anti-americanism . 
  first of all , what the fuck is anti-americanism , and second , why would that matter for a german party ? 
   `` the us government is being demonized as if it were the source of the danger , and not international terrorism , '' said gr\u00f6he . 
  they * are * the source of danger - to our privacy . 
  * that 's the whole point of this situation , you vast-faced troglodyte twat .
