  as long as it 's to `` rescue '' a soldier from being convincted by the icc . 
  if there 's anyone not giving a shit about the waters want , it 's probably us . 
  three facts have been established here : - the invasion act uses weasel words . 
  - weasel words give politicians a great opening to do whatever they want . 
  - the us is not a state party to the icc . 
  what exactly are you doing ? 
  are you trying to justify the invasion act ? 
  are you trying to justify the us retracting the signature they put under the icc statute ? 
  why come up with these ludicrous hypothetical situations ? 
   you ca n't just take our citizens and jail them in a system that the us does n't formally recognize . 
  no , the us already does that just fine . 
   it 's the same word regardless of the use . 
  it 's the same * weasel * word . 
  we all know how treacherous political games are , especially those of the us . 
  fact remains : the us gave itself permission to invade the netherlands if it is deemed necessary , because the us is n't a state party to the international criminal court . 
  no amount of lawyering can get around that . 
  third wave feminists , mind you . 
  they are breaking down what second wave feminists have built up . 
  you return new amsterdam to us first !, 
  oh , and toss out the the hague invasion act . 
  that would be nice too . 
  here 's hoping for the latter . 
  from this article it looks like she 's fighting for some good causes . 
  man , i feel so hurt right now . 
  some guy on the internet who can not level any sort of coherent argument or criticism thinks i am not worth his time . 
  excuse me while i play the world 's smallest violin . 
  so , were you going to say anything useful ? 
  oh , they have danced that dance already with monsanto . 
  y ` see , it 's alright here in europe . 
  if you have developed a great strain of , say , wheat , you can market that . 
  and other people can take your seed , cross it with their own and so improve the produce . 
  but in the us , these strains are patentable . 
  monsanto owns a whole bunch of patents and by a whole bunch i mean that they 're claiming a vast majority of the vegetable market . 
  farmers there ca n't improve their produce using monsanto 's produce . 
  monsanto , however , can crossbreed as much as they want because they 've got all those patents anyway , so it 's * very * easy to push out the small farmers . 
  we 're going that way too , and it 's going to go even faster if ttip allows monsanto to patent the fuck out of our vegetables too . 
   how can you confirm such claim ? 
  the really does n't help the claim in the first place . 
  well , now we which parent the us got it from ... 
  take ? 
  we just want our little brother to be part of the family again !, 
  `` you 're a good man , you do n't clap when the pilot lands . '', 
  later in the clip , everyone claps when the ship lands . 
  clever . 
  [ still better than 2 out 5 ] ( http://www.gallup.com/poll/170822/believe-creationist-view-human-origins.aspx ) ... 
  holy shit , that subreddit is to / r/europe like what coldharbour is to nirn . 
   to tell a story about the loss of innocence that comes with consciousness , the process of humans evolving from animals to what they are now . 
  we 've come full circle it seems , as that 's lesson the fall of man story was originally meant to convey . 
  the creation and fall of man was taken from the epic of gilgamesh , in which a divinely created man-animal , enkidu , lived in the wild . 
  when king gilgamesh heard of him , he got interested and sent a prostitute to seduce enkidu . 
  the prostitute took enkidu to an encampment and gave him fruit and physical pleasure . 
  enkidu then noticed that he could no longer run with the animals , because he had lost his innocence . 
  as you can see , enkidu 's story is echoed here in adam , who was seduced by a woman to eat something he was not to have , and thus lost his innocence as well . 
   tunisia - gay/slutty wait , what ? 
  is there a story behind that ? 
  [ it could be worse ] ( http://i.imgur.com/sqfxhgb.png ) ... 
  gods , no , my flemish friend !, 
  i was talking about the feeling we have in our soul when we 're missing our little brother . 
  that looks beautiful . 
  there 's a flanders-shaped hole in the heart of our country ... 
  [ go vote up slacktivists !, 
  ] ( http://thebiggestproblemintheuniverse.com/episode-11/ ), 
  to be fair , if ice cream tasting like piss is your biggest social issue , things are probably going alright . 
  princes . 
  lots of princes . 
  riiiight . 
  i just hope whatever is causing your crazy paranoid delusions is n't infectuous . 
  some . 
  but considering what kia and gg is railing against ( frauds , liars , people who go over the backs of fresh corpses of murder victims just to attention whore , etc. 
  ) , a lot of what is said is very valid . 
  bouc is one of those subreddits that is * loaded * with crap , with precious few pearls . 
  like i said , very much like srs . 
   you must also acknowledge that anti-sjw bullshit exists that it does . 
   the latter iswhat that sub is dedicated to nah , looks like it is n't . 
  it smells of srs . 
  no , you see , when i look at the sidebar , i see :  / r/kotakuinaction ( extremely low-hanging fruit )  / r/srssucks  / r/mensrights this smells of sjw bullshit , especially their support of anita sarkeesian . 
   this is some / r/asablackman stuff that subreddit exists ? 
  oh man , this is going to be * awesome * . 
   lolland the most depressing place in all denmark . 
  op , you forgot origineel amsterdams . 
  i guess it 's not translatable though ... 
  there 's a paywall on there . 
  we ca n't read the content of your submission , donheart . 
  his point is that 120 mbps is really , really fast in our eyes . 
  but romania is already phasing out sub-100 mbps because that is too slow . 
  it 's like saying : `` jeez , i thought that i could run fast at 12 km/h . 
  and you 're telling me that anything moving slower than 10 km/h is considered slow-poke ? '', 
   i was n't referring to english , i was referring to hungarian . 
  to be fair , you have ghoti and ghoughpteighbteau tchoghs . 
  hell , just skip the us shows altogether and watch kitchen nightmares uk - it 's almost edutainment . 
  it 's great to see how he coaches the staff in these restaurants . 
  he 's strict and direct , but fair and knows when to actually relax a bit . 
  pretty good stuff . 
  this is exactly why i hated watching * tien voor taal * . 
  it 's frankly embarrassing how poor people are at writing dutch . 
  i went to a bakery the other day , and they had a sign explaining some kind of `` lease '' plan for bags . 
  full of errors , including , but not limited to * u betaald drie euro * ... 
  i am one of those assholes who ca n't let such a thing go , so i told the lady behind the register . 
  `` but it 's * het betaalde bedrag * , right ? 
  so it 's with a d ? '',
