  in the netherlands , the joke stereotype is that the belgians ( who are always flemish of course , walloons are n't * real * belgians ) are simple folk , a bit daft . 
  but we say that because we love you ; flanders is like a little brother . 
   wei\u00dfwurst\u00e4quator the shit people will name borders after , eh ? 
  the stereotype is that we 're all going on vacation with our `` sleurhut '' . 
  because of the added weight we 'd drive slowly , holding up all the traffic . 
  i guess that 's where the stereotype of poor driving comes from . 
  the swedish king insisted on poor specs and having it done as soon as possible ? 
  there 's a lot the old dutch could build well , but not that . 
  and it 's not like they could n't have seen it coming :  in the summer of 1628 , the captain responsible for supervising construction of the ship , s\u00f6fring hansson , arranged for the ship 's stability to be demonstrated for the vice admiral responsible for procurement , klas fleming , who had recently arrived in stockholm from prussia . 
  thirty men ran back and forth across the upper deck to start the ship rolling , but the admiral stopped the test after they had made only three trips , as he feared the ship would capsize . 
  and yet , the specs had to remain unchanged . 
  mankind will never change . 
  oh look , it 's huffington post . 
  it 's always fun to see people fact checking the article and counting the inaccuracies in the it . 
  i ca n't wait till people who are more knowledgable than i come in here and comment on this article . 
  liberal translation : `` even when he tells the truth , people wo n't believe a liar . '', 
  is this a german proverb or a quote or something ? 
  funny thing is , in swizerland they have a militia instea of an army . 
  in 2007 , 45.7 % owned a gun , yet in 2010 the annual rate of homicide per 100k was 0.70 . 
  then again , they do n't have the ammo at home any more and they 're mostly using their guns for sports , but still - there 's something about that that says it 's not about the guns per se , but developing a good gun culture . 
  take * that * , sweden !, 
  who 's reddit 's sweetheart * now * , huh ? 
   plaintiffs in the case contend that google 's automated scanning of e-mail represents an illegal interception of their electronic communications without their consent . 
  however , google , which uses automated scanning to filter spam and deliver targeted advertising to its users , noted that plaintiffs consented to the practice in exchange for the e-mail services . 
  google goes on to say that courts have held that all e-mail users `` necessarily give implied consent to the automated processing of their emails . '', 
  aside from google being part of prism , this seems kinda fair , actually . 
  he was close , yes . 
  though it 's more * brave new world * than * nineteen eighty-four * now . 
  people just do n't give a shit if their rights are violated because they 're too busy with other , more meaningless stuff . 
   geis said it was proven that children and teenagers are negatively affected if they watch porn on the internet . 
  `` there are many studies that show that the relationship that children and teenagers have to their own sexuality can be unsettled by such images , '' the 74-year old bavarian politician warned . 
  `` it can affect their sexual development or lead to brutality . '', 
  leave it to an old man from the late thirties to say ridiculous shit about porn , young people or both . 
  i doubt he got any more screwed up because he saw some ankle . 
  i did n't think you were attacking me ; just being tongue-in-cheek . 
  i agree with you . 
  either do it right or do n't do it at all . 
  yeah , sorry , i 'm just trying to find the good side . 
  er ... it 's ... a good start , though ? 
  really ? 
  you have proved that the guy you 're sticking up for was just whining and when it 's pointed out , all you can say is `` no u '' ? 
  now you 're just embarrassing yourself . 
  and with that you have proved mantonization 's point : whining about `` free speech '' on reddit is just that - whining . 
  i grew up as a jehovah 's witness . 
  as a result , i said some pretty fucking stupid things . 
  i was n't stupid though . 
  just horribly , horribly misinformed . 
   you took it personally instead of being neutral . 
  it ca n't get much more personal than `` you 're a weak cunt '' . 
  what are you going to do when a subreddit turns private because it only allows , say , conservatives in ? 
  `` b-but muh free speech ? '', 
  suck it up ; this is the internet , not a public sidewalk . 
  you have as much rights as the owners of each particular community allow you to have . 
  at the risk of earning the ire of many a redditor , i like your attitude . 
  i 'm moderating a minor subreddit myself , and sometimes shit can spiral out of control . 
  once you start laying down rules ( or even the law ) , there 's always people going : `` muh free speech '' . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  this is not a `` free country '' ; this is a community that you are free to enter , and if you agree to play by the rules set forth by the people in charge , you 're welcome . 
  yeah , i was speaking of that comment individually since at the time it was made , the comment was handled on its own , not in a larger context . 
  now the question remains : what * exactly * happened between that one comment and when you came in ? 
  as far as i can see , you at least did a pretty good job . 
  no idea what the rest of the people involved did . 
  takei is right . 
  the comments on those petition though ...  the last time the olympics supported this sort of intolerance ... 6 million jews died ... how many gay people do you want on your conscience ? 
  the internet is safe once more !, 
   first comment that got banned ( and rightly so ) now , come on . 
  just for calling someone a bitch ? 
  as a moderator , you ( or rather , a moderator that was there when it happened ) have more tools to your disposal than just outright deleting a comment . 
  a simple `` mind your language '' would 've done , i 'd wager . 
  i have no opinion yet on what happened after that . 
  as you said , by the time you get there , shit was already hitting the fan and i have no doubt some details were left out of his side of the story . 
  some very relevant details . 
  still , somewhere , something went terribly wrong , and if it 's true what wadick says at the top of the page , it 's even more important to get to the bottom of this . 
   as charlie chaplin once said . 
  for so long as man dies , liberty will prevail . 
  for a man who starred in so many silent comedy movies , chaplin sure 's quotable . 
   mr mollath 's lawyers are expected to reopen the case to enable him to file for financial compensation . 
  ... which may be wired to his swiss bank account , no doubt . 
  `` it 's poison , i tell you !, 
  why should they remind their customers ? 
  it 's just another service in their stable . 
  must be something local then as i 've heard it from an englishman and a german on seperate occasions . 
  that we 're incredibly cheap and greedy . 
  we 're not . 
  we 're just a very practical people and do n't throw away our money . 
  i guess you could write one about him . 
  he seems the type . 
  yes , but that 's an american folk tale , not something that actually happened . 
  i like to imagine that the final line of the first stanza ( `` i have always honoured the king of spain '' ) ended with a quiet '' ... that cunt . '', 
   there would have been comments about a national bias . 
  yeah well , the greeks put eypo on our notes . 
  i am offended by this bias , sir . 
  offended !, 
  well yeah , we have plenty heroes , just none of them have had an epic written about them . 
  no epics have been written of dutchmen , thus we have no epic heroes . 
  there was this guy who got his own children 's song , though . 
  piet hein , `` whose name is small , but has done great deeds '' . 
  in his days , the spanish and the united provinces were in war . 
  his orders were to intercept a shipment of silver from peru , but some clergymen leaked the plans to the spanish . 
  the target was warned in advance and stayed in the harbour .
