  only 5 % said they wanted to sing het koningslied . 
  gods it was terrible . 
  a terrible cacophony of music styles , written in poor dutch ( `` the day that you knew that would come is finally here . 
  '' ) , lyrics that do n't make sense ( the lyrics say they are walking behind/next to/in front of the subject , and then stands behind them ) ... 
  absolutely crap . 
  so glad it 's gone . 
  holy shit , this guy . 
  the crap he spews behind that link . 
  i did n't think i would actually ever see someone saying that kind of shit without going to carm or fstdt . 
  people are doing that as well . 
  they 're both describing the same thing , but the terms have a different political slant to them , much like pro-life and pro-choice . 
  all politics aside , i think ` marriage equality ' is not a good name to call it either . 
  `` marriage equality for whom ? 
  minors ? 
  races ? 
  nationalities ? 
  that 's cool . 
  i 'm all for gays being allowed to marry . '', 
   not like i expected it ( football is serious business after all ) football ? 
  serious business ? 
  no wonder you were n't expecting [ our attitude towards the game ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sajfgbvmsgk ) !, 
   maybe i am just old :( that 's what i said : wiser . 
  people would care more about their online rights and privacy . 
  on some radiostations here , you can win music downloads and when they 're discussing current events they speak of `` illegally downloading music '' . 
  in this country there is no thing like illegally downloading music or movies . 
  it 's all very legal , no matter what your source is . 
  and do n't get me started on facebook 's privacy issues . 
  number 2 is something that is not necessarily dutch but very human : less kneejerk reactions . 
  those are the worst . 
  never heard of them either . 
  did they happen to be active in the uk ? 
  perhaps you are just wiser than other europeans ? 
  it 's not liquid that 's being deepfried . 
  the ragout is actually quite firm when it 's not been heated yet . 
  they roll it through egg , flour and crumbs . 
  then they toss it in the deepfryer . 
  the heat then makes the filling ahh ... less firm . 
  as a practical dutchman i just hang a tea bag in a thermos , pour the water in and just kind of plonk the bag up and down a few times , screw on the cap so it stays hot , carry it to living room and let it sit for a few minutes . 
  then i pour it in a mug and add sugar . 
  no wonder the english despised the dutch . 
  kroket is great , though . 
  that is , if you have a good brand . 
  you have cheap brands , those are flavourless and have like ... small strands of meat in them that get stuck between your teeth and are just weak . 
  van dobben is an excellent brand . 
  the royal brand , even . 
  especially nice with french mustard . 
  for those not in the know , imagine smooth veal ragout with a deep-fried crust . 
  [ it looks terrible , but tastes fantastic ] ( http://wikitravel.org/upload/shared//thumb/3/34/febo_kroket.jpg/800px-febo_kroket.jpg ) . 
  interesting . 
  despite working at a chemical lab , i have to admit chemistry is n't my strongest suit , but ... does n't that react and release carbondioxide ? 
  because that 'd be awesome . 
  we kinda have that already , but we get them from `` chinese restaurants '' and they 're still totally bland compared to the real thing . 
  always go for large with the eggs . 
  i 'll totally give this a shot . 
  thanks . 
  edit : also , natron ? 
  i take it that is salt ( nacl ) ? 
  well , holland literally translates to hollow land , because it is mostly below sea level . 
  [ this is what the netherlands would look like if we had no dykes ] ( http://www.grotescheur.nl/wp6/wp-content/uploads/2011/01/nederland-026-onder-nap.png ) . 
  you can see why those two provinces are called `` noord holland '' and `` zuid holland '' ( resp . 
  north and south hollow land ) . 
  either way , you 're going to be using a `` ridiculously sounding '' name to underscore the fact that we 're below sea level . 
  my parents are jehovah 's witnesses , so they occasionally take their bible and go door to door . 
  on one specific occasion they were invited in by a family from a different , more eastern , culture and they were given coffee . 
  they drank it gladly . 
  then they got another one . 
  and another one . 
  and another one . 
  turns out that from my parents perspective it was rude to waste good coffee and from the hosts perspective it would be rude not to take care of their guests . 
  i 'm not going to lie , i produced actual laughter and said : `` oh gods , it 's true '' out loud . 
  our kitchen is absolutely bland . 
  it 's all recipes stolen from other countries , but without the spices and then mashed for easy eating . 
  noooo , what did you do to the kliekjes ? 
  i went to the uk subreddit a while ago . 
  there was a serious discussion on whether it was more proper to first pour the milk and then the tea or vice versa . 
  i left that place with a love for the english . 
  you people and your tea ... it 's adorable ( assuming you 're from england ) . 
  banana cake ? 
  that sounds delicious . 
  is that something german or have i been living under a rock for the past 27 years ? 
  very . 
  but i comfort myself with the thought that i am not so petty that i must write microsoft with a dollar sign . 
  that 's below even me . 
  yes , but it is a quote next to a face , so the point is immediately more valid and requires less thought . 
  honestly , i do n't feel like it . 
  you have contributed exactly nothing and are just being an asshole . 
  bored of you now . 
  i said neither . 
  were you even responding to the correct comment ? 
  the mpaa ? 
  this is europe , not america . 
  each country has its own copyright watchdogs and representatives . 
  i 'm going to assume your rather tactless post was meant as an encouragement to contribute something a little more concrete rather than someone being a dick on the internet , as you clearly do not understand the connection between these two topics . 
  very well . 
  take , for example , buma/stemra in the netherlands . 
  we are absolutely allowed to download music and movies by law . 
  in order not to screw over the artists ( or rather the record labels , because that 's the state of the industry right now ) we pay levies on our ~ ~ black ~ ~ blank media . 
  not the best method , but a shitton better than outright forbidding something you ca n't control anyway and spending time of money on prosecuting people who ca n't pay the demanded fine anyway . 
  yet here we have copyright watchdogs like brein trying to shut any format of filesharing down . 
  and here we have buma/stemra , not actually giving the money they are supposed to give to the artist to the artist , but pocketing it for themselves , whilst hypocritically pirating music themselves for their own anti piracy ads .
