  dairy is something entirely different . 
  they tried to have this thing called the `` pot pass '' . 
  only people of dutch nationality would be able to get one of these passes at their local coffeeshop . 
  of course , nobody was enthused at all about this idea except politicians , but it still happened . 
  the result was what everyone had already predicted : dutch people would buy pot in the store and sell it on the street with a hefty profit . 
  crime and disturbances in general rose . 
  as the cities in the south of the country ( where the pot pass-drama started ; the larger cities just flat out refused to cooperate ) requested a larger budget and more people for their police force , the state secretary for security and justice told everyone that it worked just fine . 
   also - m. c. escher mc escher was dutch ? 
  damn . 
  well , til . 
  i never knew that . 
   they do n't call it friet but patat instead . 
  funnily enough , in my surroundings when people specifically want those thick ones , they say `` vlaamse friet '' . 
  and the thin longs ones is `` franse friet '' . 
  getting in a fight in primary school over geography . 
  how ... quaint . 
  is that because you guys always fought over everything or is that because there was nothing else to fight over ? 
  i know what herd immunity is . 
  please read the full thread to see why this is not a satisfying answer . 
  but the voting system works , do n't you know ? 
  it 's what reddit is based on !, 
   `` well you ca n't prove it ! '', 
  sure i can . 
  give me a few dozen doses of c100-diluted remedies that supposedly help me sleep like a rock and i should drop dead on the spot , right ? 
  ... right ? 
  yeah , but digenisakritas actually touched upon a very relevant point :  people do n't think diluted-in-water , they think `` natural '' ointments and herbal teas . 
  it 's a filthy thing they do , but homeopaths have equated their bottles of water with what i 'll just call `` natural remedies '' . 
  it 's pretty shitty but there we go . 
  we 're probably deviating from the point due to the use of the word `` carrier '' . 
  my question really is if it is possible to be infected with a disease because people are carrying it around ? 
  after all , a vaccinated person might be able to kill it once the agent tries to infect the protected body , but if people are carrying it around outside the body it seems like a whole different issue . 
   vaccinated people cant be carriers since theyre not infected . 
  unless the infectuous agent is able to survive on the skin and other surfaces , correct ? 
  i know what vaccination is supposed to achieve , but that does n't answer the question . 
  in fact , what i said is a danger to herd immunity :  a vessel for the disease causing organism to evolve, 
  so how tough is the measles in that respect then ? 
  it 's probably not as contagious as polio right ? 
   if everyone around is vaccinated , how can you get the desease ? 
  come in contact with it in any other way , i mean , it does n't neccessarily have to be a human carrying it right ? 
  i do n't know how tough the measles is like that , though . 
  ctrl-alt-m on my windows 7 installation with keyboard layout us international ( with dead keys ) . 
  how does that work ? 
  the person who is not vaccinated is still a vessel for the disease causing organism to evolve , correct ? 
   they are a mess though . 
  how 's that ? 
  ca n't get their own agenda straight or something ? 
  not quite sure . 
  the romans did use a similar `` greeting '' ( more like swearing fealty or friendship ) , but going by what we know from pictures , it was most likely just raising an open hand in the air towards someone ( as if about to grab something ) . 
  i remember having a biology book when i was 14 or so that spoke of primary and secondary sexual characteristics . 
  it did not only show a nude man and woman but also a naked boy and girl , about 10 years old . 
  man , it 's a miracle that we did n't all turn out as child molesters and rapists ( ! ), 
   in the 1980s pupils used school textbooks whose possession is now illegal , as they 're considered `` child porn . '', 
  those must 've been some pretty nasty textbooks . 
  it 's an odd experience every single time . 
  the crazy thing is , a year ago you would 've been called insane or paranoid if you spoke out about these things . 
  now that this has been blown into the open , it 's ... quite reasonable . 
  still , a lot more people could stand to get a bit more educated about this poor state of affairs . 
  too often i still hear people say : `` i do n't have anything to hide . '', 
   neither of the terms mean caesar , but they 're derived from that word . 
  i wonder how many people know this but insist pronouncing it `` sea-sar '' instead of `` kai-sar '' . 
   juice ( jupiter icy moon explorer ) heh . 
  that 's such a wonderfully cheesy name . 
  i like it . 
   i guess that 's up for debate hence the parentheses . 
  may i remind people of reddiquette here ? 
  * do n't downvote because you disagree . 
  * inflatabletomato is opening a discussion by making a ( valid ) point . 
  for that alone , he should be getting an upvote . 
  that 's not really related to his point , though . 
  udanaxaf was scolding redditopus for his lack of style , and although i do have to say udanaxaf 's reply was not that well-written either , he 's got a point : behaving poorly is not excused by having certain arguments and facts on your side . 
  watching the daily show and the colbert report via their official websites . 
  the shenanigans of us politicians are just so much more amusing than those of our own politicians . 
  poor carlos . 
  if only that was possible . 
  heh , being downvoted for talking shit about ubuntu . 
  the year of linux is finally here , it seems . 
  you 're talking about [ this ] ( https://prism-break.org/ ) , right ? 
   canonical 's ubuntu is not recommended by prism break because [ it contains amazon ads and data leaks by default ] ( https://www.eff.org/deeplinks/2012/10/privacy-ubuntu-1210-amazon-ads-and-data-leaks ) . 
  gnu/linux distributions based on ubuntu are also currently not recommended due to [ several other reasons ] ( https://github.com/nylira/prism-break/issues/334 ) . 
  i 'm just gon na go with wallelgaenders , then . 
  just watched [ herr lipp 's choir boys ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=svdyofydcce ) . 
  holy shit , that is amazing . 
  i see you do n't like shows with recurring gags and catchphrases ? 
  allo allo i like . 
  blackadder is awesome , though . 
  we really do love our british comedies on tv here . 
  i do n't know how many times keeping up appearances has had reruns . 
  our own humour tends to be a bit darker , though . 
  i 'd like to think we 're practical . 
  if we need it , it 's okay to spend money . 
  just do n't splurge . 
  even if the majority of us go to france , the germans see us too . 
  besides , if there 's one people who should n't complain about foreigners and their poor driving skills , it 's the french . 
  they have two or three lanes on their roundabouts and they still manage to take half an hour to enter and exit . 
  dutch jokes tend to get boring after three days , though . 
  after that it 's just time to move on to the french . 
  * man * , they 're rubbing it in . 
  i like it . 
  it 's feels a bit chaotic , but i like it . 
  so what 's the dutch stereotype in flanders ?
