i have no idea . 
  never bothered me in the slightest . 
   frothing at the mouth  tantrum yeah , okay . 
   that it allows excess build-up that is easily ignored not in children , which is the whole point . 
  babies have notoriously bad hygiene . 
  if you do n't cut off a baby 's dicktip , the foreskin starts out `` fused '' and covers the penis completely . 
  there 's not really much space for such build-up . 
  throughout the years it `` loosens '' . 
  only then might there be significant build-up , but again ... basic hygene . 
  so can we or can we not compare risks ? 
  it 's kinda confusing . 
  the point was that removal of a body part because `` it might possibly get infected one day '' is a pretty silly idea if it still has a function , such as protection ( against urinary tract infections and fun stuff like that ) when you could just keep it clean by spending all of 5 seconds every time you take a shower . 
  no , it 's not . 
  you 're right . 
  it 's more likely to get an in-grown toenail than it is to get your yoghurthose infected . 
   i asked the reason and my mom told me her great uncle almost lost his penis from an infection when he was fighting in wwii and she figured it was `` cleaner '' . 
  was she expecting you to fight wwiii by any chance ? 
   i think threads like this attract a lot of fanatics . 
  no wonder , considering this is about chopping bits of babydicks off . 
   i have read it lowers chance of infection i have read that removing one 's toenails reduces the risk of ingrowth . 
  alternatively , you could just take a shower . 
  could you be a bit less offensive ? 
  i like to think we can have a discussions as mature people here on / r/europe . 
  i should spend a weekend there . 
  the flemish are our little bro 's after all . 
  alternatively , gridiron . 
  it * is * the actual name of the sport ... 
   itt : no one knows what a public service ad is . 
  which is ironic since redditors tend to attentionwhore their own submissions by adding `` psa '' to its titles . 
  it 's still ugly . 
   my country pledged 200 soldiers . 
  i 'm not of the warmongering sort , but this is a bit embarrassing . 
  that commentator is one enthusiastic fellow . 
  one reason why not to read that article : ( 1 ) clickbait title . 
  a two party political system , one on the right , the other on the far right . 
  nobody that holds anyone accountable , except during the elections where presidents are chosen because the other candidate was subject to a worse smear campaign . 
  large news channels that have become little more than propaganda channels for either party . 
  a breeding ground for evangelical frauds and cults . 
  the most massive global spy network that the world has ever known being used on innocent citizens . 
  locking up a higher percentage of their population than any country in the world because prisons are for-profit companies . 
  health care being the most cited reason for personal bankruptcy . 
  a war machine that has more funding than the next ten military budgets combined - not because it 's needed , but because this particular industry is a significant part of the us economy . 
  so sinking ship ? 
  perhaps not , and that was n't what i was implying . 
  but it seems it could use a pair of water wings , just in case , and i 'm sure the founding fathers would not be looking at how their country ended up with much pride . 
  at least the us has a great porn industry . 
  if only all those dicks were n't circumcized . 
  exactly !, 
  it 's just so damn frustrating . 
  america was going to be land where everyone would start over , where people would create their own paradise , free from corrupt politicians , free from the oppressive clergymen that we had in europe . 
  and look how it turned out . 
  i mean , i 'm glad fate happened to put me in this country , but nevertheless it 's incredibly frustrating to me that such a great project ended up so bad . 
   it 's just accepted and not really talked about . 
  really ? 
  it 's an often discussed subject where i 'm from . 
  never about any solution or anything , of course . 
  we mostly discuss ( perceived ) biases in the media and `` people '' in general and never come to a conclusion except ` wilders is an asshole anyway ' . 
  [ it depends on how far away from the border they are ] ( https://www.aclu.org/know-your-rights-constitution-free-zone-map ) . 
  because putin likes you the least of all . 
  i bet that 's what you told our queen when she fled to england just before she was on the radio telling her subjects to hang in there . 
   platte river valley platte being dutch for ` flat ' , i wonder if that 's history or coincidence . 
  the [ zuidplaspolder ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d3/polder_moordrecht.jpg ) , located [ here ] ( https://goo.gl/maps/scnru ) . 
  it 's at a height of -6.75 m. 
  i saw the flag , quickly glanced at your name and did a double take as could n't remember writing that comment . 
  nonsense . 
  there are no walls in frysl\u00e2n . 
  fields and cows , yes . 
  but walls ? 
  ( i 'm from noord-holland . 
  does it show ? ), 
  [ yes ] ( https://yourlogicalfallacyis.com/tu-quoque ) . 
  swallowing it hook , line and sinker , are n't you ? 
  perfect example of propaganda techniques , where a part is now ( nearly ) made the whole . 
   it 's like a cannibal criticizing people who eat burgers and when pointed out to his persona he says something : `` but that 's not the case , right now we are talking about you , not me '' . 
  which is perfectly valid . 
  * tu quoque * is still a logical fallacy . 
  also , in this case russia would be the cannibal , as any propaganda is much worse and much more blatant than anything the west would dare to conjure up . 
  criticism being welcomed over here and all that . 
  either way , it 's not the case anyway , so your point is moot . 
   see , you can not even percept the propaganda that comes from your tv . 
  i do n't even have a tv . 
   i meant what they are omitting ? 
  any and all russian involvement in the civil war . 
  is n't this what everyone is doing right now ? 
  and even if that was the case , that does n't make this whole show any less blatant dishonest propaganda . 
   take the mh17 for example - most of european papers wrote and keep writing that it were rebels doing with 0 proofs or clearly faked ` proofs ' . 
  hahaha , yeah okay . 
   which parts exacly you are talking about ? 
  read again what i said : `` they are lying by omission . 
  that way there 's no one part that is false , but the whole is . '', 
   would n't it be more properly speaking about contrary to the western press version ? 
  things have objectively happened . 
  if you 're merely foulmouthing the opposition , glorifying your side and leaving out inconvenient facts just so you can look better and present it to your people in a way that nobody can stand up and publicly scrutinize it - that 's propaganda . 
  you 'd expect germany of all places to have the infrastructure in there in a snap . 
  because they are lying by omission . 
  that way there 's no one part that is false , but the whole is . 
  plausible denial is what makes propaganda good . 
  great job , russia . 
  now do the one where you lend heavy weaponry to poorly trained separatists who proceed to accidentally blow a plane out of the sky . 
  yeah , as far as i know it was established pretty quickly that the plane was mistaken for a military craft .
