  do you deny you 're mgtow ? 
  because i bet your buddies at / r/mgtow would probably like to hear you 've dived back into the arms of some abusive woman or wherever that came from ... 
  but go on , throw out some more redpill buzzwords . 
  that sure makes you more credible . 
   just do n't forget to prove that i 'm turkish by showing me how i have `` the detailed knowledge of turkish minister details '' . 
  i always figured it sounds like dejected german . 
  danish , however ... that sounds like drunk german . 
   the patriots are home again the ... patriots ? 
   am i the only one laughing at the idea of the netherlands exploding maybe it 's because i 'm not entirely objective , but i imagine i 'd be a bit miffed . 
   well ... 
  i hope you do realize you sound so fucking stupid . 
  ... said the mgtow . 
  :d  dude ... just stop lying teehee , okay , i feel like playing . 
  prove that i 'm turkish . 
  i mean , i know you ca n't , and that you 're probably going to verbally flail some more , because you 've dug yourself into such a deep hole that your pride wo n't let you admit any sort of mistake , but go on . 
  dance for me . 
  profanity , laughable assertions , pointless and unhinged ranting ... ladies and gentlemen , i present to you the reason why people do n't like americans . 
   somewhat i love how understated we can be . 
   you are all this offended by some foreign minister running his mouth calling dutch nazis offended ? 
  i for one am amused . 
  i like how the guy stands on the roof cheering as if he just fought the battle for the reichstag or something . 
  he was already escalating everything . 
  there were talks , he started threatening , and then the question became if we would roll over once again and be an accessory to his power grab . 
  i 'm dutch , not turkish . 
  and if you had read what i wrote , you 'd see that i 'm especially not asskissing the us . 
   dutch police used dogs and water cannon early on sunday to disperse the crowd , which threw bottles and stones . 
   several demonstrators were beaten by police with batons . 
  they carried out charges on horseback , while officers advanced on foot with shields and armoured vans . 
  hold on , this is making it sound worse than it actually was . 
  that sounds a lot like what i 've seen angry turks write on twitter under videos that showed a very professional and composed police force . 
  i wonder if --  ** tuvan gumrukcu ** and thomas escritt , reuters  march 12 , 2017 9:31 am oh . 
  hey , sweden . 
  get on our level , you bunch of uneducated scrubs . 
  man , after seeing sweden top all these charts , writing that felt * really * good . 
  i bet a lot of turks who were in rotterdam last night wrecking the salvation army were dutch speakers too . 
  so do we say that they are integrated because they speak our language , or do we say they are not because they clearly do not live in the same universe we do ? 
  i 'm a card carrying pirate , but i was kind of disappointed to see our captain tweet out yesterday that `` we should talk more with turkey '' . 
  that was fucking stupid . 
  bbc with the subtle clickbait title . 
  he clearly does n't want to `` unmake the west '' , he wants to `` unmake the eu '' . 
  in other words , he wants a west but without an eu . 
  if we could agree on a metric to measure how well integrated people are , it might make this riddle easier to solve . 
  non-machine translation : the dutch cabinet has decided to revoke the landing rights for the plane of the turkish minister of foreign affairs , cavusogly . 
  public order and safety was jeopardized after a public call to the turkish dutch to join the minister in a demonstration in rotterdam on the 11th of march . 
  the netherlands was in talks with the turkish authorities about the visit to find an acceptable solution . 
  the subject of the pending discussion was whether the gathering could be moved to a smaller , closed venue in a turkish consulate or embassy . 
  even before these talks were finished , turkish authorities publicly threatened with sanctions . 
  this makes it impossible to find a reasonable solution . 
  with this in mind , the netherlands has decided to withdraw the landing rights . 
  the netherlands regrets these events and continues to be a proponent of talks with turkey . 
  the netherlands and turkey have a friendly relationship . 
  a solution was sought within the bounds of that relationship . 
  many dutchmen with a turkish background have a right to vote for the referendum on the turkish constitution . 
  the dutch government is not against gatherings in our country to inform them about this , but these gatherings may not cause tensions in our society to grow and everyone who wants gather needs to obey the relevant authorities so that order and security can be guaranteed . 
  the conclusion needs to be drawn that the turkish government does not want to respect the rules in question . 
   erdogan will spin this to his people in turkey to make it seem we are nazis . 
  you 're late . 
  he has already done that yesterday . 
  by taking our d\u00f6ner . 
  what will we eat after getting drunk off our faces early saturday morning ? 
   i would n't be surprised if akp were doing this deliberately to get their rallies banned so that they create this us vs. them situation . 
  well , of course they are . 
  erdogan has built a personality cult around himself , like any dictator should . 
  nothing better for a cult than an in-group vs. an out-group . 
   i have a lot of respect for your capabilities as engineers and scientists . 
  spoken like a true german . 
  if there 's anything you 're known for here it 's your industrious nature and your engineering . 
   glad we have people like the dutch in the eu i think for the past few days most of us have just been sitting here masturbating and complaining on twitter . 
  i mean , i 'm happy that germany and the netherlands are together in this weirdly messed up cooperation that is the eu too , do n't get me wrong , but i do n't think we as a people did all that much . 
  i have no clue what this says , but i am sure this is a very accurate translation . 
  i think nationalism like we see in your united states so often is more of a disgrace than someone being happy to swallow a bitter pill so the future will look better . 
  first , wilders is n't far-right . 
  some of his positions are , but overall the way he votes in practice is all over the place . 
  [ in fact , his party turns out to be quite centrist . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d1/pol-landschap-2012.png ) he 's also missing some key positions that * define * fascism . 
  for example , wilders simply does not work towards making the state the ruler of everything . 
  he wants four binding referendums per year and points to switzerland as an example of how it should be done . 
  he also does n't like the eu exactly because of its lack of direct democracy and consistently votes in favour of bills that seek to put more power in the hands of the voters ( eg . 
  direct democracy in choosing mayors and supreme court members ) . 
  with his anti-islam rhetoric ( which , ironically , he calls fascist ) it is easy to draw the comparison with jews , but in practice , he just is n't a fascist . 
  it 's an oversimplification that works so well because it 's makes it easy for us on the left to dismiss whatever he says . 
  people are throwing around the word `` facist '' a bit too easily nowadays . 
  he 's authoritarian at times and proposes morally questionable things without explaining how . 
  that does n't mean that he 's a fascist . 
   it 's just like how you ca n't stop everyone from being dicks on a subreddit but good moderation can reduce it significantly this is especially a good comparison because if moderators do just that , they tend to get called nazis -- which erdogan did to germany . 
   are we just ruled by hedge fund billionaires or are we ruled by ai robots ? 
  why do you act so surprised ? 
  if companies and governments use the internet to gather data and map people , why would politicians not ? 
   seems great . 
  yeah , ford and marx would be proud . 
   would n't mind if switzerland adopted a system with fewer working hours per week - but then again we 're the country that voted against an increase in paid holidays per year . 
  well , it should fit within your current working system , obviously . 
  if everybody just suddenly started working less , it might hurt the country and the people within significantly . 
  i think that 's more about the us playing its cards right and providing themselves with a * very * comfortable position while europe and parts of asia were still reeling from two world wars . 
  30 on average i believe . 
  but that 's only because we have * a lot * of part-timers . 
  it 's also not odd for couples to be one full time worker ( 40 h/week ) while the other works 24 hours and runs the household and all that . 
  is this going to be / r/gaming 's `` lol hay guys look wut i found in teh attic dae remmeber mario '' but on / r/europe ? 
  yeah , very true . 
  he certainly seems to be buddy-buddy with the insanely conservative side .
