  eh , you know , it 's a politician . 
  they 'll say whatever to get a certain voter base . 
  he has been flipping sides on that for a long time . 
  i guess it 's more of a `` whatever is good for business '' kind of thing . 
  i do n't know who florian is , but it elicits a chuckle in the case of milo since he has distanced himself from the alt-right . 
  probably did so just to piss them off , too . 
  personally i 'm not too convinced that taking away ammo is what is going to stop kids from making fun of other black kids . 
  or adults for that matter . 
  sylvana simons is often called monkey by our less ... eloquent countrypeople , so hey , let 's ban monkeys . 
  if people are racists , they can find anything to weaponize it . 
  i 'd just update the character because americanization is a bitch . 
   i could care less [ could n't ] ( https://youtu.be/om7o0mfkmpw?t=47 ) , 
   i 'm a bit confused with that you mean with `` american sensibilities '' blackface is an american construct , not a european one . 
  so people who say that zwarte piet 's look is a racist blackface are looking at the character through the glasses of american sensibilities . 
  but ignoring that we 're talking about an american concept and not a european one , you have pinpointed the problem : the thick red lipstick and earrings . 
  why not remove those instead ? 
  * that * is actually a solution . 
  we simply wo n't use [ what americans would consider blackface ] ( http://assets.catawiki.nl/assets/2/d/3/b/d3b00a8d-0c20-012c-4d9a-0050569428b1.jpg ) and the black character still [ gets to exist ] ( http://www.sjors-en-sjimmie.nl/poll/sjosjialbums/covers/wiroja36.gif ) in the world of the children , making black people less exotic or strange . 
  i 'm not talking about the people who don the costume . 
  i said that excluding black * characters * is not a step in the right direction - in fact , it 's a step in the * wrong * direction . 
  the proper response to people with american sensibilities is n't banning a black character . 
  again , that 's whitewashing and an inherently racist solution as black characters have as much of a right to exist as white characters . 
   changing how zwarte piet looks does not end racism . 
  but it 's a step in the right direction . 
  nonsense . 
  considering the proposed solution is changing zwarte piet to be a white guy with soot on his face , people are quite literally trying to white-wash the character , which is pretty racist in and of itself . 
  excluding black characters from existence is not a step in the right direction . 
  no , they 're saying that blackface ( the racist institution ) is a us thing . 
  it 's not a european thing . 
  zwarte piet * looks * like blackface as it is a stereotypical look - but it is only blackface if you imbue it with a us meaning . 
  color colour favor favour humor humour [ am i doing it right ] ( http://i.imgur.com/e08nrhj.png ) ? 
  mccarthyism 2 : electric boogaloo ? 
  because homosexual dogs do n't like to be discriminated against either . 
  i 'd still call that nothing as everyone has had their moments . 
  and besides , the french surrender in ww2 was due to a pretty surprisingly strong german war machine getting around the french defences through the benelux and some fumbling afterwards as well as getting attacked by italy in the back . 
  it was n't a matter of rolling over and dying as it is portrayed in these surrender jokes . 
  failure to keep vietnam is * especially * not something americans should be throwing stones about and leaving the military nato has fuck all to do with surrendering . 
  france has a pretty damn rich history of being military victors so the `` joke '' is completely unwarranted . 
  yeah , but the thing is that it 's not that funny if it does n't have any ground in reality . 
  it 's like ... `` when 5up3rk4m16uru was thirteen years old , he finally ceased wetting his bed . 
  a party was promptly organized and he was allowed to stand on the table while his class sang him a little congratulation song . 
  that christmas , he got to meet all-time biggest friend , santa claus , who once again congratulated him for being such a big boy . '', 
  all of this would be implying you were somehow slow in your personal development . 
  such jokes would only be funny if it ( 1 ) went so far off the rails into ironic absurdity because everyone knows you were always ahead of the curve , or ( 2 ) it created a certain tension from straddling the line of what is true about you and what is n't . 
  in this case ( assuming you had a normal development curve ) , it 's just based on nothing . 
  your name would be just a variable ; it would fit pretty much anyone equally well . 
  so these jokes would n't be funny . 
  it would just be people being assholes . 
  same with this concept of the french . 
  it 's just a meme based on nothing and an unoriginal one at that . 
   but you said that the goal of the terrorist was to kill as much people as he could . 
  right , in which case the driver was going to get killed anyway . 
  the best shot he had was having the terrorist lose control of the situation and gaining the upper hand . 
  as such his odds of survival would have actually been * better * if he fought back . 
  so i reject your premise that `` he could 've sit still until everything was over and maybe he would be alive now . 
  instead he chose to give his life in order to save innocent people . '', 
   that 's what makes the driver brave and a hero , he did n't care about the odds eh , he did a good thing given the circumstances but `` hero '' is not a word i use easily and neither would i do so in this case . 
  after all , he was already in harms way . 
  again , your elevation of him as a `` hero '' depends on your premise which i reject on the basis of the situation . 
  again , i 'd like to see those odds . 
  it seems pretty much a chance of 1:1 against . 
  hell , fighting would probably have given him better odds because at least it could take out the madman and give him an opportunity to flee . 
   maybe he would be alive now . 
  i 'd like to see the chances of that considering the whole point of the event was to kill as many people as possible . 
  according to emotional internet articles and subsequent reddit comments , anyone with cancer is a hero . 
  but no , i would n't consider him a hero either , much less deserving of a statue . 
  he did a good thing . 
  well done . 
  but as you said , heroes go out of their way to put themselves in danger for the sake of others . 
  meanwhile edward snowden is still in hiding and people are discussing if he is a hero or a traitor . 
  unbelievable . 
  ah , i see we 've got a fourth excuse to pass every law : 1 . 
  piracy 2 . 
  terrorism 4 . 
  i 'm not gon na read that soup . 
  fix it or be left out . 
  wrong . 
  look , do n't get me wrong , i agree with your overall point , but on this website you have only one way to represent yourself : through text . 
  your barely legible english does n't just make you look lazy and immature , it also shows a profound disrespect for your audience whom you demand decyphers your letter salad . 
   guy deserved to get beaten up no . 
  i do n't know , it 's a pretty long bike ride . 
  never seen that website , that 's amazing . 
  though `` lossmotivate '' was quite a weird idea . 
  `` share your favorite losses and discover new ones . '', 
  `` lossmotivate is like tinder ... but for losses ! '', 
  that looks wonderful . 
  thanks for posting that making of on your website too . 
  i read it with great interest , should help me make something similar in the future . 
  hope to see more of you !, 
  i like how when you travel through the parent comments up this thread you alternate between someone who does get these jokes and someone who does n't . 
  i still have n't wrapped my head around this new meaning of the word troll . 
  it seems to be `` anyone i do n't agree with '' instead of `` someone saying things just to elicit a negative reaction '' . 
  sure beats tossing them in the river . 
  i like to use the terms `` pay gap '' and `` wage gap '' when talking about respectively what you bring home and what you earn per hour . 
  there may be a ( significant ) pay gap , but the wage gap is minimal to the point of irrelevancy . 
  yeah , that 's what we said last time . 
  big help that was . 
   it 's not fun , why do languages even have that ? 
  because apparently as a social species we have this hangup about showing respect and whatnot . 
  all things considered , it 's not the japanese language that is difficult - it 's the culture with its hierarchical bullshit embedded that trips you up .
