  incredible . 
  bollekes for everyone !, 
  i would actually be somewhat okay with this . 
  denmark is our bro . 
  and they love cycling almost as much as we do , too . 
  i initially laughed and wanted to make a snide and sarcastic remark about americans never leaving their country , but then i realized most of my knowledge of ( historical ) geography comes from playing europa universalis iv . 
  jebusgobson would know ; he 's flemish . 
  [ and here 's the other side of the story ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/a6695996.html ) . 
  i mean , it 's a cute soundbite and all , but let 's not imply she told us all to shove it by quoting a fabrication . 
  yeah , but so can wikipedia . 
  it 's always nice to have these websites to start your search . 
  just make sure to double-check anything . 
  http://www.politifact.com/personalities/hillary-clinton/ just for fun , check out bernie sanders too . 
  he is n't innocent either . 
  it would actually be interesting to see what kind of trainwreck would form if trump got in power . 
  they 're both complete douches , but still ... the devil you know is never that interesting . 
   this challenges the oft-touted notion that terrorists are bred out of social exclusion , racism and discrimination i.e. 
  failures of integration . 
  no , it does n't . 
  it challenges the notion that good integration will always stop people from turning into terrorists . 
   this guy was the poster boy of integration - and also a vile islamic terrorist . 
  he was a poster boy when he was 11 . 
  he was a terrorist as an adult . 
  do n't make it sound like he was these two things at the same time . 
  whatever . 
  we 're all from africa . 
  maybe yew could explain ? 
  i think that last whiskey got me too trunk to get it . 
  but i do n't even have a drivers license !, 
  how can i ride my gay car without license ? 
   and that exact valuation of opinion will depend on who is evaluating an opinion in particular . 
  i do n't think personal taste is the only way to measure value , though finding out what * is * the correct measurement is a necessary hurdle to cross if you want to come to a system that beats democracy . 
   i think you are mixing up facts with opinions here . 
  i 'm not . 
  not all opinions are equal . 
  some are worth more than others . 
  like i said , i do believe that opinions are more correct than others because they are based on actual facts and not on fud or misinformation . 
  if only it was a matter of differences in opinion between people with academic credentials . 
  i 'm talking about the bellyfeel that most people use when deciding what their position should be . 
  they do n't get informed , they do n't check their assumptions and they certainly wo n't be open to opposing views . 
   your problem only exists if you believe in the absolute correctness of certain opinions over other opinions . 
  i do . 
  some opinions can be more correct than others , such as when they 're based on objective data instead of subjective feelfeels . 
  `` it is my opinion that we should ban child vaccinations . '', 
  is definitely a less correct opinion than `` it is my opinion that we should allow child vaccinations . '' ), 
  anyway , i said that i hope we find something better , not that we should regress to a past system since , as you pointed out , there 's no good way of knowing the absolute right action to take and even those who * do * have all the facts can reach different conclusions . 
   36 % yay  33 % nay . 
  such an echo chamber !, 
   we do n't want ukraine in the fucking eu !, 
  ever !, 
  the country is corrupt throughout everything . 
  it 'll just be a new greece , only times a thousand . 
  it 's also a very real possibility that we could be dragged into a war with russia ... wow . 
  well , this certainly sounds like a completely rational argument and not like fear-mongering at all . 
  in that case the rhetoric that is dangerously close to the ideals of certain so called `` enlightened '' despots has some merit . 
  people are usually woefully uninformed . 
  it 's a huge problem of democracy - everyone has a voice , including those who have no idea what they 're talking about and will thus be more likely to make poor decisions . 
  i hope that someday we 'll find a better way . 
  yeah , these arrests are clearly a form of victim blaming . 
  if your keyboard is set to * international ( with dead keys ) * , you can press the ' - button ( nothing will happen ) and then the o. 
  the ' will be placed on the o , making \u00f3 . 
  now i will think of the ukip logo every time i watch stuart ashen 's videos . 
  another piece of us-speak : `` diversity '' . 
  europa is already crazy diverse . 
  what the hell does the author think he 's saying ? 
  it reminds me of the tendency of usians to put '' - gate '' after every scandal , fabricated or not . 
  `` thrice hurrah for king willy '' , but yeah , close enough . 
  for added effect , cut the body in two , right where the border is . 
   neither anybody thinks about being friends for money and offering it as a service . 
  somehow , this is seen as obvious for sex . 
  i think because friendship is emotional . 
  you ca n't buy emotion . 
  intimacy , however ... oddly , sex is such a basic thing , [ even animals become prostitutes for food ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/prostitution_among_animals ) . 
   also , do you believe men and women alike need sex in the same way ? 
  because many tend to put this only on men . 
  not in the same way , i think . 
  purely biologically speaking , men are fertile all day every day from the day they hit puberty . 
  it seems that men 's biology allows them to spread around their seed everywhere at a moments notice . 
  ( the gay community certainly seems to support that - you would n't believe how easy it is to get sex . ), 
  women , on the other hand ( though sexual beings too , of course ) are out of the running for nine months straight if they get pregnant . 
  not that they wo n't have sexual needs , but procreation-wise . 
   maybe we also need to clarify what we mean by `` need '' . 
  what happens if they ca n't get sex ? 
  is violence somehow justified ? 
  or is it understandable ? 
  `` justification '' implies morality , ethics and like i said , that 's what our intelligence gives us . 
  that 's why we do n't judge ducks for rape . 
  our lizard brain has a `` need '' . 
  our human brain makes us seek it out in ethical ways ( and condemn the non-ethical ways ) . 
   have people really measured the libido of the average man in the west and of the average man in the developing world , and seen which level of `` need '' is greater ? 
  i do n't think it 's * all * libido . 
  it 's also culture . 
  it used to be normal for soldiers to pillage and rape . 
  it was seen as their just due ( though not by the victims , of course ) . 
  in dutch we have a saying : `` the opportunity creates the thief . '', 
  i think that the more an environment ( be it in the form of laws , norms , values , or anything else ) allows us to get in touch with our dumb animal side , the more our smart human side gets pushed back . 
  though a libido study * would * be interesting . 
  nobody was that dramatic , though . 
  and really , are n't we all animals in the end ? 
  we 're just smarter than the rest , which gives us responsibility to deal with our animal needs .
