20\u00bac is the real summer . 
  30\u00bac is way too much . 
  so media is like : `` oh . 
  another grenade attack . 
  that 's nothing special . 
  let 's not put that in . '', 
  i for one ca n't wait to get my stoning done . 
  seems nice . 
  never heard anyone who actually got stoned complain about it afterwards . 
  lies . 
  all lies . 
  good girl , estonia . 
  now come work more minimum wage jobs . 
  but it 's map of japanese stereotypes . 
  what does japan love more than watches and clocks ? 
  so what . 
  finland does n't actually exist and was invented by russia and japan . 
  here are most common pizza toppings in finland in my opinion : ham , tuna , pineapple , mushrooms , minced meat ( lol is this the correct word ) , different vegetables , chicken , shrimp and all other forms of meat . 
  we have to start early or we notice that : `` oh . 
  the season is over . 
  well , time to start shoveling some snow '', 
  i have to say that using `` m\u00f6kki '' in english just seems so cute for some reason . 
  it can be translated as summer cottage , or as just a cottage . 
  everywhere i have been , there has been tune pizza available . 
  heinz is n't * the * brand of ketchup in finland . 
  felix is more popular , i 'm pretty sure . 
  ketchup in finalnd seems to be less sweet than that in other countries . 
  we put ketchup on pasta , but do n't call it italian . 
  are we good now ? 
  / r/knightsofpineapple would like to have a word with italy ... 
  it 's not common to order pizza to your home in finland , unless you live close to a pizza place , in apartment building area , or in the city . 
  i would imagine that op does n't have any pizza places nearby , just from looking at the house and the neighbouring ones . 
  though i do n't eat it , tuna seems to be pretty common topping for pizza, 
  probably easier aswell, 
  pretty much it . 
  not saying i support his suggestion of qarantine, 
  we should definetly build a fence along the whole australian border . 
  just to make a point , you know . 
  i prefer to send them to a prison in a whatever country they or their parents are from . 
  no one mentioned christian values . 
  they are a whole different problem , that we do n't have time to deal with right now . 
  that is possible reason . 
  in sweden if you even raise a finger against blacks , muslims or any other group of people who are being protected by pc culture you are imidietly facistc racistc slavery supporting , globalization opposing , close minded monkey . 
  if we could prevent innocent people from dying , i would support the death penalty . 
  but as long as we can not bring people back from the death , i wo n't support it . 
  i do n't want to say this , but sweden fucked u p and is now being fucked . 
  we should learn from their mistakes . 
  we really do n't know context behind the slapping , nor do we know if this was actual continuous bullying . 
  three words : fuck pc culture, 
   the west is generally a nicer place to live - especially for anyone vulnerable . 
  for anyone who is n't straight muslim male born to a good family . 
  depending on their age , they should be allowed to stay together , even if we wo n't recognize their marriage yet . 
  oil is a pretty big reason . 
  also coastline makes it strategically important, 
  they would not . 
  they do n't know any better , so why would they do that . 
  best weapon against nk would be telling north korean citizens the truth about their country and the rest of the world . 
  nk has border with russia, 
  and it would b very unlikely for sweden to have to fight on land if they were to get invaded . 
  countries that can attack sweden trough land are norway and finland , and i would say that either of them attacking is unlikely scenario . 
  if russia was to attack sweden , it would happen in the sea or in the air . 
  hardest part would be crossing from finland to russia . 
  after that they would basicly be free to go . 
  i do n't know what feelings i should be feeling . 
  and can public facilities please stop making so bad vegetarian food everytime . 
  but not where you bang your goat, 
  you are retarded for being a part of isis to begin with . 
  schengen is saddly the cause of most problems . 
  we need to check them before we let them in rather than after . 
  yle headlines . 
  you will find alot about them . 
  all roads are your home if you life on the road . 
  i do n't even deserve what i have anymore . 
  i 'm literally angry , that i can only sit here and watch how paris suffers . 
  what have terrorist demands been in the past ? 
  i 'm in finland and i have nothing to be scared about , but i 'm too scared to move right now . 
  i turned off my noscript , because it kept alerting everytime there is a youtube player on the site . 
  most of the people are not in life threathening sitsuation . 
  that is clearly trying to make you choose the parental control . 
  it 's like they are advertising . 
  that does n't seem that bad , but it should n't be trying to make you choose it . 
  they are displaying free internet as the worse choice . 
  someone puts drugs in your food/drink . 
  are you now a criminal ? 
  this makes me think . 
  would n't it be better to have the goverment start their own pornsite , where they would only allow non-harmful porn , that does n't create unrealistic idea of relationships / sex ? 
  of course they probably think such thing does n't exist , and/or they would rule out something like gay porn and make people hate them even more . 
  you are suppose to ejaculate for duration of 5 days per one week . 
  but pornsites are usually blocked there . 
  would it be illegal to just send them back right away ? 
  large russian population . 
  crimea even voted to join russia themselves, 
  but the thing is , the netherlands were actually valuable geographically for the nazis . 
  finland has very little value for russia , unless they plan to invade sweden and the rest of the countries around the baltic sea . 
  we are very low priority for them , if they are planning on invading someone . 
  connecting kalingrad to the mainland russia would be more beneficial for them . 
  i would n't say that the amount of men would matter that much . 
  and most of the men are in no shape to fight in an actual combat situations . 
  i may be a bit pessimistic , but i think you are overestimating us . 
  neutrality is the best strategy for us .
