  russia currently would have close to nothing to gain from invading finland . 
  we have very little natural resources , nothing they do n't already have . 
  they would just lose a trading partner , gain even more enemies and have 5 million people rebelling against them inside their new borders . 
  it 's not the 40s anymore . 
  let 's be real here , finland will lose to russia in a war without outside interference . 
  we need kekkonen to handle our relations with russia and they wo n't even consider trying to attack their little buddy . 
  all russia is currently doing is treat hen ig and showing off . 
  actually invading would be a bad move by them . 
  there is n't much to gain from conquering finland . 
  they 'd lose out on the trade partner and their international relations would be even worse . 
  they are scared of the growing influence of the us over europe , finland should try to remain as neutral as we possibly can . 
  balancing on the fence between east and west is what we have been doing pretty much since the cold war, 
  yup . 
  all we got is forest , and they have more than enough of that themselves . 
  * buy one !, 
  and 44k is still more :\\ ^ ), 
  exactly the same case with / r/suomi and / r/finland, 
  but mexico needs to be kept warm . 
  small sacrifice we are willing to make for them . 
  it 's the same thing with brazil and portugal . 
  due to colonazation portugal speaks brazil and not spanish as many believe . 
  i would n't count them as such , but perhaps norway will gift us one of theirs as a centruary present . 
  / r/finlandconspiracy is leaking, 
   tortillat avataan here 's the correctly misspelled one . 
  exactly , yet we are so hesitant to speak it, 
  i really hope that does n't happen . 
  on the east side of the country it can be useful , but on the western coast , swedish is still a lot more useful . 
  i really hope that does n't happen . 
  on the east side of the country it can be useful , but on the western coast , swedish is still a lot more useful . 
  nah , it 's just east sea in finnish , and the gulf between us and you is gulf of finland . 
  get out , we are on top of you still / s, 
  meanwhile my teacher said that danish is a horrible and stupid language compared to swedish, 
  pretty much like how finns know 3 languages , and only use one and even that rarely . 
  seeing that in the future there is fall and winter , future is n't actually that bright, 
  they can wait, 
  i 'm still convinced , that estonian is n't an actual language , but a dialect of finnish . 
  perhaps we took all your happiness away :(, 
  it goes deeper though , do n't you dare to wave hello . 
  that counts as a sexual assault . 
  and if you dared to think about a handshake , do n't . 
  in court , that counts as rape . 
  someone is n't detecting the thick layer of sarcam that is always in place when talking about finland . 
  it 's interesting how much we like to make fun of ourselves , and our stereotype . 
  in finland , you pray that there are n't any complications with the payment . 
  no one could even thnk about voluntarily speaking to the cashier . 
  glorious finland !, 
  bow to your emperor of the northen lands !, 
  slayer of the army of reds , defeater of the odds , conqueror of the wilderness , defender of the forests , warden of the marsh , [ heir to the roman empire ] ( http://i.imgur.com/enuudtd.png ) . 
  praised be . 
  we finns truly are ridiculous sometimes . 
  i mean , you really want to look badass , russian stomping , snow tracking , vodka drinking , metal playing devil worshippers that would make odin piss his pants into the eyes ? 
  finns originate from elfs confirmed ? 
  i 'm confused about what you are trying to to say . 
  hyppa does n't mean anything but it resembles few words : hypp\u00e4\u00e4 , which means jump , specificly used in context of s/he jumps or as an order : jump !, 
  you could also mean ` hyv\u00e4 ' which means good . 
  so are you saying that europe should bend the knee and change itself according to the wishes of the refugees ? 
  they come to * our * country . 
  why should we bend the knee ? 
  or you know , borders that are n't just lines in the middle of the street . 
  i want to propose a solution , but we all know it already . 
  the only problem is politicians not wanting to accept the fact that it is the only effective solution, 
  yeah that 's better . 
  also change suomea to suomi . 
  suomea would be used if you were to say `` part of finland '' `` osa suomea '' for example . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  finns speaking any language whatsoever is a myth . 
  well we just call you lowland countries . 
  is that fine ? 
  finnish accent when speaking english is the weirdest thing ever, 
   finland best me in eu, 
  lots of stuff has been replaced , but some still remains , making for interesting contrast, 
  sad , but also sadly possible, 
  yeah at least where i live there is a huge variety in buildings . 
  those modern glass walled buildings next to old churches or old wooden houses . 
  just proofs my point even more, 
  which translates to ` it ', 
  yeah i understand asking for help . 
  in finland , you would n't be very likely to be asked about them . 
  what did i just watch ? 
  [ rome lives !, 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/enuudtd.jpg ) just not where it use to, 
  for my personal * totally * unbiased opinion . 
  most stuff by nightwish, 
  pretty much finland, 
  why do you hate finland and sweden ? 
  you really want brazil in europe ? 
  although it would be nice to have all that coffee right over the border ... 
  i for one welcome the sixth nordic, 
  / r/suomi is pretty active and it has pretty decent discussion . 
  there are news , some jokes and few discussion threads . 
  / r/finland on the other hand is just basicly a tourist info and some random news, 
  there are some really good and fun tubers in finland but sadly everyone here prefers to do stuff in finnish . 
  yes . 
  we have the greatest of all in finland : pekka pouta , literally pekka dry weather . 
  people also absolutely love him, 
  i feel like finland would have the worst ones if we were n't fixing them literally all the time . 
  you ca n't drive anywhere atleast in the spring without seeing a road repair in process, 
  england seems to be the one who should leave . 
  \u00c4mm actually means nothing in finnish , the real word is \u00e4mm\u00e4, 
  well the swedish word for cousin sounds like `` i pissed '',
