  that 's why they threw out the existing parties and career politicians that have brought them to this point . 
  i thin syriza is clear on reforming the tax base . 
  they may be less effective on other reforms . 
  because we want people to be individuals , rather than labelled and segregated according to the religion of their parents ? 
  a lot of earnings are booked in luxemburg , making it look highly productive ( but really to avoid taxes ) . 
  luxemburg gdp is sky high for a similar reason . 
  it 's book gdp , not real . 
  this is government debt . 
  governments owe money , mostly to their own citizens . 
  if you took all the private investments and added in all the money hidden in secrecy jurisdictions ( tax havens ) , europe would actually be a net creditor . 
  we 're rolling in cash ( i say ` we ' , but obviously it 's just the lucky few ) . 
  rounding up is the easy bit . 
  after that you have to go through the process of detention , checking their claims for asylum etc. 
  it 's expensive and time consuming . 
  then what if the country you 're sending them to does n't want them ? 
   there is n't any gene that influences how many kids you will have . 
  well for a start i said culture or gene . 
  does n't matter so long as it 's passed down from parent to child . 
  second , of course there are genes that influence how many children you have . 
  for example , most aspects of personality have a genetic component . 
  it seems reasonable to think that the motivation to have kids also has a genetic component - in fact there are whole books on it : [ genetic influences on human fertility and sexuality - springer , 2012 ] ( https://books.google.com/books?id=rldhbwaaqbaj&amp;lpg=pa65&amp;ots=ntzbn6y0ad&amp;dq=fertility%20psychology%20genetics&amp;pg=pp5#v=onepage&amp;q=fertility%20psychology%20genetics&amp;f=false ) some people prefer money and leisure to having kids - why should n't there be a genetic component to that ? 
  ah , is that why i 'm being downvoted ? 
  what i wrote has nothing to do with social darwinism ( the idea that the weak should be prevented from breeding - which anyway is artificial selection not natural selection ) . 
  it 's simply pointing out an objective fact - that the number of children people in wealthy countries have varies , and to the extent that that trait is heritable then it will increase in frequency ( since infant mortality in wealthy countries is very low ) . 
  now , that might be a good thing - it may well be people who have lots of kids might be nicer , more sociable people who are more concerned about the environment than those who remain childless . 
  do n't forget economic recession !, 
  remember that in the wealthy world there are some people who have lots of kids . 
  they 're the tiny minority now , but if whatever induces them to have lots of kids is at least partly inherited ( either genetically or culturally ) , then they will increase as a percentage of the population . 
  the future always belongs to whoever reproduces most succesfully . 
  it 's not called [ the lucky country ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_lucky_country ) for nothing . 
  yeah a bit tongue in cheek but if a foreign country did to us what these ` dependencies ' do there would be outrage . 
  and they only can do it because we choose to pretend ( when it suits the politicians and their funders ) that they are independent and set their own laws . 
  they do so much damage to our country i 've always felt we should invade them or something . 
  they 're not part of the uk - they 're parasites clinging to the periphery . 
  the city of london corporation . 
  basically a corporation with medieval roots - part company , part local council . 
  it runs the financial hub of britain and has the capacity to set some of its own laws . 
  see : [ the tax haven in the heart of britain ] ( http://www.newstatesman.com/economy/2011/02/london-corporation-city ), 
  coupled with the fact that the companies are ` in ' the seychelles . 
  but yeah , britain is a bit like a gangmaster for corruption , sitting at the center of a web of secrecy jurisdictions like the seychelles . 
  we need to break up the secrecy jurisdictions/tax havens . 
  europe should refuse to do business with them until they agree to be transparent . 
  there was a small 200 billion stimulus - but nearly 30 billion of that was in the uk ( not a euro member ) . 
  the us stimulus by comparison was 800 billion , 5.5 % of gdp . 
  and that does n't include qe . 
  which was done in the uk and usa , but not eu . 
  the euro member states also had a balanced budget provision ( it 's part of the euro agreement ) . 
  as a result , europe could not expand money supply or engage in fiscal stimulus the way the fed did . 
  which is a major reason why the us economy is bouncing back while europe is still stuck in the mud . 
  this is exactly what europe needs - but it needs proper political oversight through a beefed up parliament . 
  you know in the us , after the 2008 crisis , several states nearly went bankrupt . 
  they were saved by action from the federal government ( i.e. 
  their fellow states ) . 
  in the eu , we have a common currency but no political mechanism to oversee budgets and finance rescue as needed . 
  the greeks fucked up , to be sure . 
  but the system they joined - that was dictated by france and germany - was a car crash waiting to happen . 
  in this case , he already had relative in england . 
  many refugees do stay in mainland europe . 
  but many refugees speak english as a second language . 
  and the british have held sway in more parts of the world , so refugees are more likely to have some kind of contact - in this case , a relative in the uk . 
  the key to the mystery is that the wetsuits were bought by an unknown person in calais . 
  would you say that many people where you are want democracy because they associate it with being wealthier , better quality of life . 
  but do n't want the liberal worldview that is essential for a functioning democracy - equality for all ( regardless of religion , race , gender ) , openness and transparency , free speech for all , even those who you find offensive . 
  there are differences over how to teach mathematics and what the ultimate objective is . 
  what these results show most of all is the divide between those countries that believe in the pisa way ( relatively inflexible , focusing on the basics ) and those who advocate a more flexible approach . 
  stealing / u/selfhatingyank 's link : http://www.brookings.edu/research/papers/2013/01/09-timss-pisa-loveless  the pisa math assessment is based on a philosophy known as real mathematics education ( rme ) , championed by the freudenthal institute in the netherlands . 
  jan de lange of the freudenthal institute chairs the pisa expert group in mathematics . 
  rme 's constructivist , problem solving orientation is controversial among mathematicians . 
  in the u.s. in the 1990s , a coalition of mathematicians , parents , and local educators opposed similar types of curricula in what became known as the `` math wars . '' in 2010 , new zealand implemented national standards that are compatible with rme and pisa -- and less compatible with timss . 
  [ hsbc bank ` helped clients dodge millions in tax ' ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-31248913 ) they need to tighten up the regulations to make that more difficult . 
  which means that the bank will need to relocate somewhere more corrupt if it wants to continue its business model . 
  the reason its hq is in the uk is that the regulatory environment increases investor confidence . 
  it 's really an asian bank . 
   i think is why the english language is so successful globally !, 
  the english ( and americans ) have a pretty successful track record of invading other countries , which probably helps . 
  fetchez la vache !, 
  i speak inglish an ' all , mate !, 
  more doctors of indian origin in the uk than european , i would bet . 
   total public and private debt levels have reached a record 275pc of gdp in rich countries , and 175pc in emerging markets . 
  both are up 30 points since the lehman crisis . 
  the critical thing to understand is who owns this debt . 
  after all , debt is either someone else 's assets or bank leveraging . 
  essentially what it means is that an increasing % of economic output is going to those who have money to lend . 
  the solution is either inflation or default . 
  i guess you did n't read the article ? 
  probably you should before getting all hot and bothered . 
   stulp 's own research among wisconsinites born between 1937 and 1940 , for instance , showed that average-sized men had more children than shorter and taller men , and shorter women had more children than those of average height . 
  taken together , stulp says , this suggests natural selection in the united states pulls in the opposite direction of environmental factors like diet , making people shorter instead of taller . 
  that may explain why the growth in average american height has leveled off . 
  the point is that height is not a reproductive advantage in the us , whereas it is in the netherlands . 
  interesting that tall men have more kids in the netherlands , but not the usa . 
  perhaps this is linked to wealth equality . 
  in the netherlands , wealth is not such a factor in choosing your mate so the tall guys get the dates . 
  in the usa , you can be short and still get laid so long as you have money . 
  i did n't say it was american hysteria . 
  i said it was anti-chinese hysteria ( if you 're going to use quote marks , at least do me the favour of quoting ! ), 
  the guy can be russian and still write anti-chinese hysteria . 
  it could even be his own opinion and still be anti-chinese hysteria . 
  many americans too are paranoid about china - as the quote he chooses to add shows . 
  there 's a certain amount of anti-chinese hysteria in this article .
