  russia will follow the same tactic to absorb other regions with russian speakers . 
  if that works out well for them , who knows what happens next . 
  we all know the history of small , seemingly acceptable annexations that lead to ww2 . 
  each seemed only a minor escalation . 
  modern belgium was created as a buffer state to separate france and germany . 
  the whole point was to reduce war between these to by putting a neutral country in the middle . 
  did n't work too well . 
  economic action would do . 
  but germany is more concerned about keeping the gas lines open . 
  however , there is a real danger in the creeping annexation that the russian state is engaging in . 
  it has lead europe to disaster in the past . 
  they funded isis ( or rather , their saudi proxies did ) in an effort to get rid of assad . 
  they knew they were there , they just did n't realise that the iraqi army would collapse . 
  the security measures you talk about are for identifying criminals and terrorists , not state-sponsored actions . 
  everyone thought the russia had come in from the cold , but it seems to be taking itself back outside again . 
  well , they are motivated to unearth evidence of military involvement , so i would n't disregard it . 
  however , reading the article , the evidence is pretty weak . 
  i mean , we know that the trucks and the drivers are military . 
  that 's not too surprising and does n't necessarily mean that it 's a cover for an invasion . 
  but we will see !, 
  well , russia ca n't just start growing more apples . 
  what will actually happen is that the russians will import from someplace else ( maybe china ) , at higher price ( and somewhat lower volume ) . 
  and where ever that place used to export to ( maybe uk ) will instead get their apples from poland ( uk currently imports apples from china and poland ) . 
  probably there will be higher transport costs , so poland will get less money . 
  so both parties lose . 
  the difference is that it 's polish farmers that lose , versus russian general populace . 
  but if you look at what 's actually happened it 's things like apples from poland . 
  now , a lot of apples go from poland to russia but that 's because russians like to have good quality , cheap apples . 
  i really doubt there is very much russia can do but we 'll see what happens !, 
  they do n't want to cut exports . 
  they do n't want to cut imports of components essential for their manufacturing and services . 
  they can cut imports of consumer goods , which would n't hurt them financially but will make ordinary russians grumble . 
  true but in reality all trade is done because it is mutually beneficial . 
  europe 's economy is much bigger than russia 's , which is why the sanctions have less impact in europe and so make sense as a policy . 
  there 's no way round that asymmetry . 
  there are a lot of migrants in sweden . 
  from somalia , iraq etc. 
  he 's going to retaliate over sanctions by imposing sanctions . 
  is n't that just , umm , making the sanctions stronger ? 
  sanctions already hurt europe as well as russia . 
  where is the interview on the bbc website ? 
  i ca n't find ti . 
  asian economies are affected though . 
  as is the russian economy ( business people flying to/from russia is good for russia ) . 
  for an alternative perspective : http://www.theweek.co.uk/world-news/flight-mh17/59710/how-much-will-sanctions-on-russia-cost-the-uk-and-eu the times puts the cost to the uk as `` hundreds of millions of pounds '' - which is pretty trivial compared with the size of the financial sector . 
  the times also notes that :  germany 's high-tech energy exports to russia are five times those of the uk , and france 's arms exports are worth almost ten times those of britain . 
  it 's a shame to see people downvoting without giving a reason . 
  i remember the news reports of the downing of the an-26 , and at the time they explicitly said that this was evidence that the russians may have given the rebels more powerful weaponry . 
  in the past 10 years , latvia has gone from 41 % of eu average to 67 % . 
  well , luxembourg has recently reinvented itself as a tax haven . 
  a lot of their ` production ' comes from diddling the rest of europe out of tax revenues . 
  the same goes for ireland and the netherlands . 
  it does n't mean that the individual people living there are particularly wealthy . 
  the best kind !, 
  the sort of matter race everyone can feel superior to . 
  i did n't think so . 
  do you have a reference ? 
  i agree with the basic sentiment but the modern israeli state is , of course , nothing like nazi germany . 
  the problem is that power corrupts , and israel is a lot more powerful than the palestinians . 
  the manage to pull/ban atheist ads fast enough . 
  difference is that we british genuinely are racially superior . 
  never once do they stop to wonder why god had such a limited perspective when he wrote the rule book . 
  exports = goods + services uk does n't make much , but the city of london exports a lot of financial services ( operating tax havens on behalf of foreign companies and investors ) . 
  well you know it was not so long ago that the same could be said about spain and greece . 
  and many parts of europe before wwii . 
  but in terms of the broad reach of culture and history , russia has for a long time had the rest of europe as her major cultural partner . 
  i guess they over-anticipated the end of the usa as a global superpower . 
  of course the us is not in fact declining - it 's just that china is catching up . 
  conflict between russia and the rest of europe is senseless . 
  russia is at heart a european nation . 
  we all need to find a way out of this mess, 
  a timely reminder that , even in the middle of this crazy civil war , most folks are just decent people trying to do the decent thing . 
  this has to be one of the most stupid wars ever . 
  and now this tragedy has resulted . 
  what happens when you give lethal weapons to idiots who think they 're rambo . 
  what a load of bollocks . 
  hey , til that 's not a swear word . 
  the sex pistols were right !, 
  not really . 
  u/ding _ dong_buttplug 's perspective comes from the idea that you vote for an individual ( as is the case in britain ) . 
  in those cases , you have a right to know how the person you voted for is voting . 
  in most european countries you vote for a party list rather than an individual . 
  in those cases , what you want to know is what the party whips are trying to enforce . 
  but really , the idea that a parliamentarian has to keep the way they voted secret from their colleagues is highly problematic . 
  they are , just not as bad . 
  that 's the problem with democracy . 
  it gives the proles a say in how things are run . 
  and anyway , if people do n't want taxes then they should vote for tax reductions . 
  we do n't need tax havens to give a helping hand to wealthy to dodge the social contract . 
  the score is based on a combination of secrecy and size . 
  it 's the two together that cause the problem . 
   footnote 4 : the fsi is calculated by multiplying the cube of the secrecy score with the cube root of the global scale weight . 
  the final result is divided through by one hundred for presentational clarity . 
  http://www.financialsecrecyindex.com/introduction/fsi-2013-results but yes , if you put the city of london together with its constellation of tax havens , then the uk shoots to number 1 . 
  [ somalia regulation vacation ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7qdv4sywjo0 ) do n't let another vacation be ruined by socialism !, 
  http://www.dw.de/the-whos-who-of-european-tax-havens/a-16753202  germany protects the data of foreign investors , who also do n't have to pay taxes on interest . 
   only germans , or foreigners resident in germany , have to actually shell out a flat rate withholding tax on interest income , meinzer said . 
   information on such yields also rarely flows out of germany , he added : `` foreign investors with german accounts are protected with a certain degree of anonymity . '', 
   that 's why germany ranks ninth in the world for financial secrecy , according to tjn . 
  but greece and turkey came out of that with nothing but shame .
