evidence from previous recessions suggests that those unemployed for a long time when they are young never catch up in terms of earnings . 
  also : more social security means they do n't feel so threatened by poorly-paid foreigners taking their jobs . 
  quite the opposite . 
  we 're hearing now about the tragic story of one woman who made the mistake of thinking that she should be allowed to be in charge of her own life . 
  for every woman like this there are a thousand who , through fear and intimidation , resign themselves to their fate , who we do not hear about . 
  trade with germany alone is significantly greater than with china . 
  people in europe at least really really want the russian government just to start being a bit normal . 
  we do n't understand all the paranoia . 
  this story is shocking . 
  but the bigger problem is all the women who put up with arranged marriages and a life time of servitude because they do n't want to risk getting their throats slit . 
  yes , even worse for the uk if you use median rather than mean and include the value of government services . 
  it should be in ppp, 
  well , the only alternative is to break up the euro . 
  so we 'll see !, 
  it was but it never happened . 
  the eurozone needs proper monetary and fiscal union with democratic oversight . 
  this ` currency without a state ' business is not working . 
  have n't you heard ? 
  foreigners are useless . 
  weirdly , all of our countries have gone down the shit hole in recent years , and all of us are blaming foreigners . 
  actually , the problem is long-term deals with suppliers . 
  most of the long-term deals are with gazprom . 
  they run until 2036 . 
   safeguarding supplies - avoiding dependence   germany obtains roughly 85 percent of its gas from foreign sources . 
  in order to safeguard german and european gas supplies in the long term , the gas must be purchased from as many reliable and geographically spread sources as possible . 
  this avoids one-sided reliance on individual producers and thus one-sided pricing . 
    e.on has the most highly diversified supply structure in europe and purchases gas from six countries : russia , norway , the netherlands , the united kingdom , denmark and germany . 
  long-term purchase contracts with the producers guarantee reliable supply of the european markets with gas in line with their requirements . 
    long-term flexible purchase contracts   long-term purchase contracts , the so-called long term contracts ( ltcs ) , form the backbone of reliable gas supplies in europe . 
  they are the stable purchase base in competition with other consuming regions . 
  furthermore , they are the basis for justifiable investments in an efficient infrastructure . 
    e.on has contracted deliveries of gas from the most important producing countries for decades to come . 
  the contracts run for 15 to 25 years and together cover delivery volumes of some 1.2 trillion cubic metres of gas . 
  ** the longest contract with the russian producer , gazprom , runs until 2036 . 
  ** http://www.eon.com/en/business-areas/gas-supply-and-production/security-of-supply/gas-supply.html, 
  the problem is that , instead of spending the money that they make , they save it . 
  that means that it 's hard for other countries to make and sell stuff , which makes their economy weaker . 
  and that in turn makes it harder for the germans to sell stuff . 
  it make look like a success to have a massive trade surplus , but really it damages germany as well as the rest of europe . 
   why not try us germans ? 
  we havent had anything over there yet , so we didnt fuck anything there up !!, 
  well it should be . 
  we should expose the bastards at every opportunity , then maybe the politicians will believe there are some votes in reforming the laws . 
  smells like bullshit . 
  you do n't invite a speaker of you do n't know what his views are . 
  you invite him because of his views . 
  ppp is standard for international comparisons as it cuts out exchange rate fluctuations . 
  you can see from the raw gdp chart that the values can not be right - norway gdp is not twice that of germany . 
  ppp is more realistic : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_sovereign_states_in_europe_by_gdp_%28ppp%29_per_capita, 
  indeed . 
  but in the specific issue of animal husbandry , how will consumers know what they 're getting ? 
  what if denmark prohibits inhumane slaughter but their neighbour allows it ? 
  in a common market they ca n't prevent imports . 
  by introducing local rules , all that will happen is to shift production over the border . 
  so a common market by its nature undermines national sovereignty over a whole host of issues . 
  so for a common market to operate effectively in farm produce ( and many other things ) we need common standards on labeling and , ideally , a basic level of legislation on farming standards to prevent a ` race to the bottom ' . 
  hey , us too !, 
  actually , having different rules in different countries in a single market complicates and inflates bureaucracy . 
  it makes it difficult for companies to operate economically across the whole market . 
  the dollar is getting stronger , not weaker . 
  the reason being partly that the dollar is seen as stable and secure versus other currencies , so better to do trades in . 
  i 'm in two minds . 
  on the one hand , i 've had my phone blocked from accessing legitimate sites - presumably some screw up on their filtering end . 
  also , i do n't like some committee somewhere deciding what 's objectionable or not . 
  but that problem occurs whether opt-in or opt-out . 
  trying to get filtering software for my kids , i found the us ones defaulted to blocking out sex and pregnancy advice - not differentiating from porn . 
  on the other hand , the pre-internet era always had censorship . 
  and i 'm reasonably internet literate , but i do n't find it at all easy to negotiate my way round all the different software that get 's bolted into all the different access points ( two different isps for home + ex-wife 's home , plus mobile networks , 10 different internet-enabled devices and counting ) . 
  frankly , it 's easier just to know that a basic level of censorship is in place without me having to worry about it . 
  it 's a bit like pensions . 
  yes , personal choice says they should be opt-in . 
  but human psychology and experience shows that they only really get take-up if they 're opt-out . 
  because of culture . 
  especially the american influence . 
  cultural salience of fear of paedophiles , different cultural perspectives on pornography . 
  things that resonate with uk customers do n't always resonate with customers in other parts of europe . 
  yeah , but they do n't help sales as much . 
  that 's the basic issue here . 
  the isps are trying to make the sale , and they do it on the basis of brand image etc. 
  having opt-out filters improves their brand image among their target customer segments . 
  allies for over 600 years mate . 
  i 'm sure we 'll get through this rocky patch in our relationship . 
  bloody cheek , too , given that we got the dish from the portuguese in the first place . 
  it 's self-censorship by the network provider , which is different . 
  consider this . 
  you are a network provider trying to sell your wares . 
  for many people , having built-in ` family safety ' is a selling point . 
  for others , it 's a minor inconvenience , but not a barrier to sales . 
  what do you do , as a network provider ? 
  yes , it 's censorship , but only in the same way as any other media provider ( newspaper , telly ) choosing not to be a conduit for certain kinds of content . 
  here 's the full scope : https://www.gov.uk/holiday-entitlement-rights/entitlement, 
   and an extra 28 days paid holiday a year by law , some companies will give more . 
  bank holidays do not have to be given . 
  so it 's 18 days + bank holidays , or some other combinaton of 28 days . 
  a lot of companies give 20 or 25 days + bank holidays ( my company is in the latter group ) . 
  that part of europe is what a lot of europe used to be until quite recent times . 
  thanks . 
  so total income going as wages has decreased from 15 trillion in 2007 to 14.6 trillion now ( adjusted for inflation ) . 
  that 's pretty much in line with the [ decrease in gdp over that time ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/news/datablog/2009/nov/25/gdp-uk-1948-growth-economy ) . 
  total wages have also picked up a lot since last year .
