  when a u.s. bond issuer pays interest , the interest is exempt from withholding tax as long as it qualifies for the `` portfolio interest exception . '' ( the united kingdom imposes a 20 % withholding tax on outbound interest , but debt issuers can avoid the withholding tax through eurobonds . ), 
  luxembourg , for its part , imposes a subscription tax of 0.05 % on the net asset value of mutual funds . 
  and the british virgin islands levies no tax on corporations . 
  so as long as the french resident can keep her arrangement a secret from home country tax authorities , she can avoid france 's high taxes on dividends ( 36.5 % ) and interest ( 39.5 % ) as well as its wealth tax on worldwide assets ( 1.5 % for the wealthiest households ) . 
   who wins from this web of transactions ? 
  obviously the french resident does , at least as long as she can escape detection . 
  and so too do the luxembourg-based fund , the swiss bank , and the shell corporation 's registered agent in the british virgin islands -- all of whom gain a client . 
  quite likely , the arrangement also redounds to the benefit of u.s. and u.k. securities issuers : the french resident may be willing to supply capital on more generous terms because she can avoid home country taxes on her u.s. and u.k. investment income . 
  this notion was certainly in the minds of members of congress when they enacted the portfolio interest exception in 1984 : supporters of the exception argued that investors would be attracted to u.s. debt securities by the opportunity to avoid withholding tax on outbound interest . 
  and the united kingdom , for its part , uses the lack of any withholding tax on outbound dividends as a selling point to draw corporations to the british isles . 
  yes , on reading through to the end i see you 're right . 
  the stats for england are wrong : https://getintoteaching.education.gov.uk/why-teach/competitive-salary-and-great-benefits, 
  maximum pay for a teacher in england is # 58,677 . 
  most will earn somewhere between 16-37k . 
  [ are you over 65 ? 
  ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/science/shortcuts/2016/jan/12/sarcasm-over-65-scientific-study-older-people ), 
  ever wondered why tax havens are small ? 
  it 's easier for these countries to develop rules specifically designed to screw over their neighbours without effecting their internal tax revenues ( as these are small anyway ) . 
  the uk gets round this by having the city of london linked via an umbilical cord to ` independent ' tax havens in the small islands of the former empire . 
  a german friend of mine could n't understand why people kept telling him they were naked . 
  took him a while to figure out they were really saying they were ` knackered ' . 
  london is like a different country . 
  come down south where the real cunts live . 
  heavy fog in channel . 
  europe cut off . 
  or a technological solution would be found . 
  more specifically , relative ** income ** poverty . 
  some pensioners have accumulated assets ( savings ) that they can use to supplement their income . 
  he has dark curly hair . 
  i suppose he could pass for a mediterranean , despite having pretty solid british ancestry . 
  it was dark , he was foreign , they were drunk . 
  it was enough !, 
  it 's nothing new though . 
  in the early 90s a friend of mine was chased down the reeperbahn by thugs because he looked vaguely turkish . 
  i think you ca n't be too safe in dangerous situations like this . 
  best to kill them all to be on the safe side . 
  i do not like politicians of any stripe who have powerful or well-connected family . 
  there is too much cronyism in politics already . 
  i am a reverse nepotist . 
  there are plenty of good people out there - i 'd rather give the reins to someone outside the establishment . 
  the reason it was a niche paper was that it had niche appeal . 
  it ca n't have mass appeal without becoming something different . 
  also you can just crack them open ... 
  they will last longer if you keep them in the fridge ( i do just that ) . 
  these numbers are for state aid only . 
  they do n't include private donations . 
  bad food . 
  class barriers breaking down ( they 're growing again ) 3 . 
  stiff upper lip ( exposure to american tv culture has done that one in ) . 
  that 's an even more bizarre headline ... 
  true but the article suggests that the greek economy is a star performer when the figures actually show that it is just treading water ( neither contracting nor expanding ) . 
  `` greek manufacturing stops contracting , surprising economists '' would be a more accurate headline . 
  yes , as it has been for the past 30 years over which manufacturing has consistently declined as a % of the economy . 
  so i 'm not holding my breath . 
  incidentally a score over 50 indicates expansion . 
  so uk manufacturing is expanding , just at a slower rate than expected and much slower than 2014 ( but better than 2013 , when it contracted ) . 
   the weakest of the bunch ? 
  britain , which posted a pretty big miss . 
  and even so was higher than greece ( and france ) . 
  wtf article ? 
  this is only the manufacturing pmi ( these days manufacturing is only 10 % of the uk economy ) . 
  the services pmi comes out later in the week . 
  it 's because in the uk and usa you are allowed to distribute photographs of artwork if that artwork is in a public place . 
  it 's not the photo that 's copyright in denmark ( and other european countries ) , but the mermaid itself . 
  if you photograph the mermaid and put the photo on flickr you 're breaking the law . 
  i 'm sure all of us have terrible racists in our close family tree . 
  i mean , it was pretty much universal only a few decades back . 
  it just needs more democracy . 
  at first i thought that was what the vote was . 
  a much better question - i would 've voted for romania . 
  i chose spain , mostly because italy is just too congested . 
  bloody miserable climate though . 
  true - but if you have $ 400 to spend on necessities , then the extra $ 400 goes on luxuries . 
  but i 'm not taking away from your point that tackling corruption is enormously important for economic growth . 
  in fact i think it 's one of the most important things any country can do . 
  the absolute increase is almost identical - $ 400 in each case . 
  in reality though what you would expect is that german culture would evolve over time , as all cultures do . 
  and that it would incorporate aspects of immigrant culture . 
  we should aim to have people living in the same geographical area to have similar culture , but it should n't be a one way street . 
  culture should n't stagnate . 
  i get your point but on the other hand people expect hte colour temperature of the light to conform to natural lighting , and i do n't blame them . 
  the low light provided by street lights is more akin to sunrise or sunset , so you 'd get a more satisfying visual aesthetic effect from warmer lighting ( not sodium orange though ) . 
  they moved state pension out but hte pensions of government employees is still counted as ` welfare ' i.e. 
  pensions for teachers is a ` welfare ' expense , not an ` education ' expense . 
  because we benefit from having markets for our goods , and from having productive people in other countries inventing and producing things that we can use, 
  it is a scam . 
  it 's a clear violation of the intent of the law . 
  you will never create a law that 's 100 % logically water tight . 
  in fact that 's probably not even possibly philosophically speaking . 
  cameron 's argument is based on assumptions that are very weak . 
  strategic airstrikes in iraq and syria are pretty much futile as isis are well versed in avoiding them . 
  two years of such airstrikes have had little effect . 
  what 's needed is close air support for ground troops . 
  but , despite cameron 's claim , there are no ground troops capable of taking the offensive to isis . 
  the ` free syrian army ' is a rag-tag amalgamation . 
  the kurds have no interest in fighting outside their borders . 
  the iraq army is partisan and a mess . 
  what 's needed is an urgent reconciliation of the civil war in syria , and re-integration of sunnis , including ex-ba ` athists , into positions of power in iraq . 
  but there is so much bad blood between the sides that seems unlikely to happen . 
  until it does , victory on the ground wo n't happen regardless of air strikes .
