   european countries are , in effect , lending part of their heritage to the octopus that is the chinese government so it can expand its global influence . 
  `` for the moment , chinese investment seems like money falling from the sky , but it could turn ... into a trojan horse introducing chinese politics and values into the heart of europe , '' princeton university 's sophie meunier wrote in a 2014 paper . 
  americans are scared of the chinese , and want europe to join them in a new cold war . 
  in reality , what 's happening here is that the chinese are buying up some established brands . 
  freeing up the locals to use that money to invest in dynamic new businesses and to expand into china and other regions . 
  the only thing we need worry about is whether europe is a net debtor or investor . 
  until 2012 , europe was a bigger foreign investor than china . 
  that 's changing as the european economy got worse and the opportunities for investing in china slowed ( there is an asset bubble in china ) . 
  so can spin all sorts of stories by carefully choosing two gdp timepoints . 
  it 's true there is a lot of corruption in britain , but it 's not true to say that corruption in britain is as endemic as some other countries . 
  however , britain is particularly guilty of an insidious form of corruption . 
  much of the article is talking about the corruption that is the meat and drink of what the city of london does . 
  the finance industry in britain is out of proportion to the rest of the economy , and the huge amounts of money involved corrupts our politics and business life . 
  what 's worse , we export corruption by sitting at the centre of tax havens/secrecy jurisdictions that suck wealth away from societies all round the world . 
  and did n't get killed . 
  not where i come from . 
  one good aspect of a monarchy is it means you can have a public figurehead whose picture can be put up in public places but who stands aside from politics . 
  exactly so . 
  germany agreed to let the swiss collect tax money on their behalf , and to continue to operate in secrecy . 
  that kinda put the kybosh on the european attempt to open up the swiss system , thereby leaving countries like greece high and dry . 
  the swiss make it purposefully difficult to do this . 
  there is no automatic transfer of information . 
  you have to have to identify a particular account , then make a request . 
  germany and the uk crippled an attempt by the eu to force switzerland to make their banking more transparent . 
  instead we have these dodgy bilateral arrangements whereby the swiss promise to collect money on befall of sovereign governments , operating behind a veil . 
  the uk and germany have managed to squeeze a little money out like this ( that was the bribe they got to scupper the more open deal ) . 
  good luck to smaller countries trying to do the same . 
  gosh darn it we need to harmonise corporation tax rates to prevent a race to the bottom . 
   the network operators are n't stupid , if regulations are forcing prices down they 're going to make up the revenue by fiddling with the unregulated prices that simply is n't how economics works . 
  they will stay in a market if it is profitable , and make as much profit as they can . 
  the only thing a roaming cap might do is to make roaming services unprofitable . 
  in which case they would come out of that market . 
  in fact , roaming services are wildly profitable , and the reason for this is lack of competition . 
  the lack of competition occurs because people buy their contracts on headline local costs , and rarely look into roaming costs as they rarely go abroad and/or find it difficult to estimate how much phone useage abroad they will have in the future . 
  it 's a market failure , which is why regulation is needed . 
  vodafone have announced lots of price rises over the years . 
  prices go up . 
  they timed this one to coincide with the announcement of the roaming charge reduction . 
  of course , it 's not really a coincidence as vodafone have a dog in this fight - they do n't want roaming charges capped . 
  they want to make a political point . 
  companies charge as much as they can , all the time . 
  the only thing that limits them is competition . 
  that 's the nature of the free market . 
  what that means is that they will not increase their prices simply because they are getting less elsewhere . 
  if it was possible for them to increase their prices , they would have done so already . 
  the only possible way this could happen is if uk prices were a loss leader . 
  they pitch their uk prices low to get you in the contract , only to sting you to make the profit when you go abroad . 
  but still , they would do everything they could to charge high prices in both places if they could . 
  ok now that sounds sensible . 
  i 'm all for rationalising borders for administrative reasons . 
   the best policy is still to prevent the development of hostile encysted subcultures in the first place . 
  the problem is that to do that you have to interfere with personal freedoms . 
  the freedom of parents to send their kids to a religious school . 
   morally yes , but that isnt how law works . 
  harassment and intimidation are illegal , and it 's much easier to harass and intimidate if you 're a gang of young men versus an old lady . 
  a gang of young men shouting at you can easily be very intimidating . 
  however , these guys clearly did not fall foul of any harassment laws . 
  yeah . 
  in the same way breaching any kind of contract is not really a crime . 
  ridiculous idea !, 
  seriously , thems the rules . 
  you might not like them , but they 're still there . 
  it is illegal to be fired under some circumstances , and of course it is possible to sue for loss of earnings . 
  it depends whether you would have bought it , but instead you copied it . 
  copyright was brought in because people used to get their books ripped off as soon as they published them . 
  which is why the authors of the past ( e.g. 
  dickens ) used to publish everything first in magazine installments . 
  call it copyright infringement . 
  i do n't mind what terminology is used but the idea that unlawful reproduction does n't cause harm to the copyright owner , or that it wo n't affect the creation of new works , is wrong . 
  it 's not country-by-country reporting of accounts , which is what 's needed to tackle industrial-scale tax avoidance . 
  it 's theft of income . 
  as i understand it , what the un has basically decided here is who owns the continental shelf . 
  argentina owns it , which means it has oversight of the continental shelf waters . 
  but they did n't rule on who owns the waters around the falklands :  with regard to the recommendations in respect of the submission made by argentina , it is recalled that , previously , the commission had already decided that it was not in a position to consider and qualify those parts of the submission that were subject to dispute and those parts that were related to the continental shelf appurtenant to antarctica ( see clcs/64 , paras . 
  well , the falklands are surrounded by argentine territorial waters . 
  so it depends what you mean by ` lie in ' . 
  this map here gives an idea of what 's going on : http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/8518982.stm, 
  if true , that 's really depressing . 
  well finland and sweden do pretty well for themselves . 
  and south korea . 
  and ireland too , for that matter . 
  yes historically access to markets has been economically limiting , but these days we buy all our stuff from the other side of the world , and provide services electronically . 
  most of my clients are in the us - a few in belgium and germany . 
  the point about tax competition is that it 's a race to the bottom . 
  ireland got a lot of inward investment from the eu . 
  lots of talented , educated young people . 
  it does n't need to operate as a tax haven - all that does is harm the rest of eureop . 
  because the irish are decent people ? 
  the uk also does some pretty shitty corporate whoring , and personally i 'm embarrassed by it and complain about it to anyone who will listen ( not many ) . . 
  i got drunk and threw up in bulgaria in 1991 !, 
  so i like to think i started a trend . 
  ( although it was food poisoning that made me throw up ) . 
  so much for the auld alliance . 
  why would n't they ? 
  it 's not eu vs the uk . 
  it 's lots of countries , many of which have lots of points of agreement with the uk . 
  being part of the eu means it 's in everyone 's interests to do the best for each member state . 
  that 's where a lot of bnp support went ( people who did n't like the racism but wanted the nationalism shifted to ukip ) . 
  the root cause is fear , and the cause of that is economic uncertainty . 
  when people are worried about the future , they cling on to cherished certainties and to the belief that the ` tribe ' should stick together against outsiders .
