  10/65 = 0.15 12/435 = 0.027 so we 're only 5 times as wasteful as the average  also , the 22 millions i think refers only to the 80 % of food waste that is ` avoidable ' . 
  presumably total food waste is 27.5 million . 
  georgia . 
  could n't understand a word . 
   britain is the worst offender , wasting the equivalent of a tin of beans per person every day . 
  according to the government 's stats , the uk wastes 15 million tonnes a year . 
  that amounts to 630 g per person per day . 
  that 's a tin and a half of beans , mate . 
  data : http://england.lovefoodhatewaste.com/content/how-much-food-wasted-total-across-uk, 
  you ca n't just swap the prison systems . 
  you have to gradually shift culture . 
  one way to do this is to highlight the fact that alternative approaches are possible and do work . 
  it 's not so much his views but what he represents - which is a reaction against the steady recapture of british politics by money and establishment interests . 
  the problem is that the process is inevitable and corbyn as labour leader would not stop it - and in fact would probably accelerate it ( by keeping labour out of power ) . 
   no , in fact the algorithms are vastly superior . 
  [ google 's chief scientist in 2010 ] ( http://www.cnet.com/news/tim-oreilly-whole-web-is-the-os-of-the-future/ ) : `` we do n't have better algorithms than anyone else . 
  we just have more data . '', 
  as the article points out : `` the lock-in of today is through massive databases that are so hard to re-create because they get better the more people use them . '', 
  it 's better not because it has better programmers etc , but because it has better data . 
  it has so many joined up services , and so much big data and knowledge about you , that there is no way for a start up to compete . 
  and that 's a problem . 
  i did n't know that ... but it seems you 're right !, 
  in the uk , the public hear the gdp figures that recently have been outstripping most countries in europe . 
  yet our per-capita gdp in ppp ranking remains where it has been for a couple of decades . 
  partly that 's due to immigration and population growth . 
  when you ` import ' a lot of working-age people , of course your total gdp goes up !, 
  does n't mean that any of us as individuals are wealthier ( or healthier , or happier ) . 
  irish jokes were once a standard of comedy . 
  especially in clubs . 
  i was thinking they sound a lot like the old jewish jokes that used to do the rounds . 
  it 's a system for transferring land to oligarchs . 
  1 hectare is not enough to be economically viable . 
  so people will sell their land after 5 years , make a few quick rubles . 
  they will be snapped up by oligarchs , who will operate large-scale enterprises giving permanent employment to the people who have moved out there . 
  and one [ started over an ear ] ( http://militaryhistory.about.com/od/battleswars16011800/p/jenkinsear.htm ) . 
  things do blow up . 
  but this was not a military exercise it was a parade actually in a port . 
  other navies do n't do show firing of missiles in ports for this very reason . 
  they thought it was a lot more crinkly ... 
  you are talking arse . 
  the boom was fueled by low interest rates that came about due to currency convergence . 
  the debt was perfectly sustainable until interest rates shot up . 
  greece 's problem was that greece could not control its own interest rates , which was not a problem until the markets realized that the eurozone was not going to stand behind greece . 
  interest rates ballooned , making greek debt unsustainable . 
  [ down with this sort of thing !, 
  ] ( http://33.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_ljq77svywa1qavmeoo1_500.gif ), 
  i was getting all excited at the idea of going from london to marseille high speed all the way . 
  but according to google it 's a 20h journey :( https://goo.gl/maps/gx0lg, 
  the thought they 'd shot down a ukrainian transport . 
  they were trying to figure out what it was they were looking at . 
  the russians had a difficult 20th century , we know that . 
  i think / u/zyllber 's point is not to get caught up in ethnic hatred because of the actions of these thugs . 
  can we join ? 
  yes , a definite improvement . 
  or party-list pr : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/party-list_proportional_representation, 
  part of greece 's problem is that interest rates converged rapidly with the eu in anticipation of monetary union . 
  that lead to an overheated economy and , when the economy slowed down and interest rates shot up , the debt became unsustainable . 
  typically greece would have devalued and inflated it 's way out of the mess , but it ca n't do that within the euro . 
  spot on . 
  i campaigned for av but actually it would not have brought much proportionality . 
  although is a definite improved over fptp for other reasons . 
  also worth noting that the ` yes ' campaign was shambolic . 
  voters could n't connect the benefit offered ( ` make your mp work harder ' ) to the proposal . 
  the idea behind the eurozone is that , with free movement of capital and workers , economies will converge over time . 
  that is , german companies will invest in greece ( because labour is cheaper , and more opportunities to improve efficiency ) . 
  greek workers will travel to germany and return with new ideas and approaches etc. 
  it has n't happened fast enough because of language barriers , among other things . 
  the convergence of interest rates was actually a major contributor to greek problems . 
  before the euro , the greek economy operated at high interest rates . 
  as the euro approached , the markets bet on interest rate convergence - and this is exactly what happened . 
  the result was a massive overheating of the greek economy , and a bubble that burst dramatically with the economic downturn . 
  same thing happened in italy , spain , and ireland - but their economies are larger so could withstand external forces better . 
  germany has done well out of the euro . 
  greece has done very badly . 
  you either got shot cleanly or tortured and then shot . 
  the bosnians got squeezed out of their areas and fled to the towns . 
  their lines shrank and the towns got isolated . 
  then the un stepped in to guarantee the peace . 
  which worked for about a year before the serbs decided to finish the job, 
  take a look at this chart . 
  britain 's contributions are the lowest in the eu , when expressed as a proportion of gross national income ( gni ) : http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/europe/8036097.stm#start however , britain still comes second ( after germany ) in the value of net contributions . 
  that 's after the rebate . 
  it all seems pretty fair and reasonable to me . 
  which is why i 'll never be a headline writer . 
  so immigrants are expected to pay their taxes for 20 years but not receive the benefits that their taxes pay for ? 
  immigrants are more productive than the locals , by the way ( mainly because immigrants are of working age and typically better educated whereas locals are older and often retired ) . 
  it 's an inconvenient fact that immigrants are paying for the local 's pensions ( and , indeed , mr al-sibai 's housing benefit ) . 
  saxon meets anglo-saxon, 
  but i think that is the point that / u/theanimus is making . 
  trying to commit suicide by cop is less likely to succeed if they do n't have a gun . 
  if they do have a gun , they are more likely to succeed because the cops may have no choice . 
  so having a gun makes people less safe . 
  the problem is that in the uk we have laws and due process . 
  it protects the innocent . 
  but it means that the authorities , unlike newspapers , need to have solid evidence and pass stringent tests to deport . 
  and also have to deal with facts rather ( on welfare payments ) than numbers that they have ` estimated ' for the sake of click bait . 
  we do n't actually know what he receives from the government . 
  just the daily mail 's estimate . 
  and we know that the daily mail inflates and inflames stories like these . 
  i think it 's clear that greeks are demanding major internal reform .
