  that brings competition , but unfortunately also results in fragmentation and duplication of services . 
  plus , whereas the nhs is a publicly funded body , private companies operate with a higher level of secrecy . 
  different systems give difference results . 
  france does better than the uk on this one : http://healthpowerhouse.com/index.php?option=com_content&amp;view=section&amp;layout=blog&amp;id=7&amp;itemid=54, 
  we have a ` national insurance ' tax , which in theory pays for welfare and nhs . 
  in practice , however , the there is no direct link between a particular tax and the nhs payment . 
  rather , nhs funding is decided each year in the annual governmental budget , and is paid for out of generalised government revenue ( so more money for the nhs means less money for other things . 
  the nhs is basically a single body - the fifth biggest employer in the world ( after mcdonalds ) . 
  it 's organized into regional trusts , based in hospitals . 
  your local doctor will be a member of one of about 200 clinical commissioning groups , responsible for all aspects of primary care ( including hospital-based ) . 
  specialist care is administered at the national level . 
  a key feature is that prevention and treatment are aligned ( the nhs is responsible for both ) . 
  the ccg decides what treatments will be provided etc. 
  on the one hand , that means there are limited options for patients to shop around . 
  on the other hand , it makes for efficiencies and streamlined services . 
  you have to pay a small charge for prescriptions , and for dental work . 
  everything is is free ( i.e. 
  you do n't have to pay and then claim back from your insurer ) . 
  remember that the press is owned and run by people who would like not to have to contribute to the general welfare . 
  the nhs is one of the cheapest health service , and really is extraordinarily efficient at what it does . 
  survey after survey backs this up . 
  if more money were put in , then performance would rise more ( although efficiency would drop , too ) . 
  one of the reasons the nhs does so well is the huge goodwill towards it , and the huge amount of pride among the professionals that staff it . 
  when everyone ( patients , carers , healthcare professionals ) is pulling in the same direction , amazing things are possible . 
  this just in : they 've changed their policy to allow downloading , printing :  the european medicines agency management board on 12 june 2014 agreed the policy on publication of clinical trial data , together with more user-friendly amendments proposed by ema executive director guido rasi , that will not only allow the agency to proactively publish clinical trial data that are submitted as part of marketing authorisation applications , but also give the possibility to download , save and print the trial data for academic and non-commercial research purposes . 
  it 's to prevent other companies using the data for competitive advantage : http://www.eucope.org/en/files/2014/05/2014-05-finalisation-of-ema-policy-on-ct-data-mtgs-with-stakeholders.pdf, 
  the title is a shame , because actually if you read the article it is pretty good , without polemic . 
  the gist of it is that while the european parliament keeps voting for financial reform , the national governments keep rejecting it . 
  from the article :  the commission has reviewed the calculations used to set the taxable basis in those rulings and , based on a preliminary analysis , has concerns that they could underestimate the taxable profit and thereby grant an advantage to the respective companies by allowing them to pay less tax . 
  not all that weird . 
  it was uk policy prior to the invasion . 
   while parliament went the route of nationalist rants decrying the resolution , and while the islanders themselves remained stubborn in their resolve to remain there and remain british , the foreign office began secret negotiations to `` lease '' the islands back to argentina . 
  at the conclusion of the lease , ownership of the islands would be fully granted to the local power ... 
  the foreign office continued to slowly prepare for a turnover of the islands into the late 1970s . 
  slide 10 is the key one . 
  given the margin of error , he 's probably on a par with foot , ids and hague . 
  not promising ... 
  nothing , so long as they 're drizzled in a little olive oil and served with a raspberry * jus * . 
  deep-fried mars bars . 
  that 's all . 
  all northern food is pretty poor - germany , netherlands , ireland , sweden - none have great food traditions . 
  it 's because the cold climate means you have to consume a lot of calories , so you need the food to be relatively bland and palatable . 
  as the saying goes , in mediterranean countries you live to eat . 
  in northern europe you eat to live . 
  that distinction is blurring now , of course . 
  the main aim of the air operation is to keep them freaked out about congregating in one place or using vehicles . 
  it restricts their operational effectiveness . 
  just let them keep on going through russia -  georgia -  iran -  syria . 
  just killing time in the airport before jumping on a norwegian flight to stockholm . 
  i 'd better go and brush my teeth . 
  perhaps tonight 's my lucky night . 
  update : flight to stockholm and now to gatwick entirely uneventful . 
  i feel norwegian have over-promised ( but at least they have on-board wi-fi ) . 
  i conclude from the fact that i live in the uk that i must want to live here . 
  either that or i 'm lazy . 
  britain has a long history of , erm , * involvement * in other countries . 
  aid plays a twin role - supporting development etc , but also furthering britain 's foreign policy ( helping governments we like , raising the brand of uk inc ) . 
  it 's an exercise in soft power , if you like . 
  that 's not to dismiss the value . 
  it does a lot of good and is really the only way to try to reduce the migration problem . 
  just an explanation of why the uk does it . 
  on the down side , the uk 's willingness to drop bombs on other countries comes from a similar root , and is a major part of why we have the current refugee crisis . 
   right up there in the hall of fame with the british u fukin wot m8 ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/winter_of_discontent it 's what lead to thatcherism and the society we now have . 
  in the same way that england does n't really care about scotland ... 
  winter of discontent waterloo battle of trafalgar spanish armada, 
  we 're the big airport just off the coast of europe . 
  everyone in europe can stand united in their dislike of brussels . 
  so at least that 's something . 
  yeah , they just nicked our gold and buggered off . 
  do n't know whether to be glad or humiliated that they could n't be arsed to rape everyone while they were here . 
  what nelson did was just payback for that bastard knut . 
  in fact i think you still owe us a few women . 
   how about you just give us scotland and isle of man and we 'll call it even . 
  done !, 
  although norway might want to have a few words with you . 
  but what to do with wales , eh ? 
  torture is a really bad way to get info . 
  people will tell you whatever they think you want to hear . 
  can we join too ? 
  we even have a proper cross on our flag , unlike those scumbag scots . 
  do n't be daft . 
  if they valued free time then they would n't be making all that crap to sell to other people . 
  my point is that if you 're going to do that , the best way to do it is with balanced trade cos then at least you get something for it - and that includes efficiency ( it 's often more efficient to get something done elsewhere ) , which can free up your own time . 
  it 's not about left/right . 
  it 's about basic economic principles . 
  bloody autocorrect, 
  it means demand is weak . 
  which means that you are n't enjoying the good things in life that you could import . 
  maybe help to maybe your industry better too . 
  imports are a good thong , so long as they 're not excessive . 
  if you do n't import , it 's because there is something wrong in your economy . 
  of course you are right . 
  a structural imbalance in trade is good for nationalist ego but does n't make for good quality of life . 
  weak demand for imports reflects weak demand in the euro zone . 
  we 're not getting our hands on all those lovely things the rest of the world makes , when we could be . 
  that 's a bad thing , not a good thing . 
  i 'm really upset so i rolled my eyes as well . 
  the 15 million is from a different method , so ca n't be directly compared to the 22 millions . 
  using the ` tin of beans ' reference point i reckon it should be 0.415 kg x 365 days x 65 million - about 10 million tonnes .
