  it was a slow boil of disgraceful intolerance on both sides . 
   if you actually read the information you posted you 'd see that the uk 's position takes into account its connection and relationship with offshore financial centres , including all of the bots and cds . 
  not true . 
  here is the [ source ] ( http://www.financialsecrecyindex.com/introduction/fsi-2013-results ) :  if the global scale weights of just the ots and cds were added together ( 24 % of global total ) , and then combined either with their average secrecy score of 70 or their lowest common denominator score of 80 ( bermuda ) , the ** united kingdom with its satellite secrecy jurisdictions would be ranked first in the fsi by a large margin ** with a fsi score of 2162 or 3170 , respectively ( compared to 1765 for switzerland ) the city of london is like spider sitting at the centre of a web of secrecy jurisdictions devoted to creating a screen against the tax man . 
  their laws must be approved in london . 
  the connection with the uk is what strengthens these places and makes them the success that they are . 
  the companies and schemes that they facilitate are operated from the uk , although nominally registered offshore . 
  the uk could take a lead against these small , parasitical nations , but has too much of a financial vested interest . 
  not only does the city of london depend upon them , but so do the party finances of many ( most ? ), 
  politicians . 
   places like luxembourg , austria and germany are in the eu but i do n't see anyone calling for an override of their governance to fix their banking secrecy . 
  you need to get out more . 
  i see plenty of people calling out these places . 
  like in the title of this post for one . 
  i should also say that the uk underwrites the 4th biggest - the cayman islands . 
  if you tot up all the different uk-sponsored tax havens , it would probably push it to the top spot . 
  it 's in at [ number 33 ] ( http://www.financialsecrecyindex.com/introduction/fsi-2013-results ) , pop-pickers !, 
  it would be nice to see something at least of methodology . 
  however , deregulation does in general help larger , dominant companies and organizations . 
  most tariff barriers are there to protect domestic industries ( which are , of course , weaker in the underdeveloped world ) . 
  the idea i guess is that there will be an influx of investment and modernization , but what will happen is more rent-seeking as those with money take perpetual ownership of the poor . 
  next time a politician tells you there 's no money for basic services , be sure to send a warm ` thank you ' to our friends in switzerland and luxembourg !, 
  is it possible to have an independence referendum to give the rest of the uk a chance to kick them out ? 
  they are all heavily subsidised and/or tax havens sucking tax revenues out of their parents . 
  the real question is why spain and the uk put up with these leeches . 
  national pride is a funny thing . 
  the best-fit line is a bit ridiculous on data like these , but you can see some clear trends . 
  rich countries that feel like they do not have a lot of influence in europe have more people that want to get out . 
  germany is the anomaly because they feel like they 're in charge . 
  countries with high unemployment want to be associated with the wealthier countries . 
  countries that are doing ok want to create distance from the rest of the eurozone , because the others countries are full of corrupt , workshy incompetents . 
  the fact that the countries are doing well are doing so because of the economic value of trading and harmonization with less efficient countries is a level of complication too high for the average voter . 
  usually the way this sort of thing works is that the jews are the hidden manipulators using their power and influence to secretly control the dunderheads who are doing the footsoldiering . 
  so i would hazard a guess that the jews are using nazism to stir up hatred among slavic brothers and getting them to destroy each other , before then taking over the world . 
  or something . 
  and consumers . 
  microsoft ran a de facto monopoly for 20 years ( still is , for the most part ) and we all suffered as a result . 
  do n't forget that google hates the ruling , and so is deliberately interpreting it as loosely as possible , then sending emails to journalists to tell them they 've been censored . 
  google is loving these headlines . 
  strangely enough , most of their profit seems to be made by the 14 people working in luxembourg , rather than their 55,000 employees in the uk . 
  they should probably just shut down their uk operation . 
  back to the future , [ for dublin at least ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/early_scandinavian_dublin ) . 
  we demand : * the right to stop gypsies and work-shy foreigners flooding the country and ruining our rich welfare state * the right for employees not to be oppressed by eu bureaucrats into having occasional breaks from work ( besides sleeping ) . 
  * the right for multinationals to play countries off against each other , so that they can wriggle out of paying tax ( because we rest assured the money they save will , somehow , trickle down to the plebs in the home counties ) . 
  * the right not to have human rights . 
  * the right to have our bananas any god-damned shape we like !, 
  * the right to be governed by an out-of-touch and corrupt political elite based in london , rather than brussels . 
  they may be wankers and tosspots , but they 're our wankers and tosspots !, 
  how do people manage to have kids in the rest of europe ? 
  not work ? 
  hey , i was just talking about alba on another sub http://www.reddit.com/r/historyporn/comments/28vfct/the_dutch_army_training_on_ice_skates_4_months/ciforuz?context=3, 
  god damned tahitians . 
  bloody cheek . 
  better link : the [ rathergood website ] ( http://www.rathergood.com/bagger288 ) which is , well , rather good . 
  apparently if only finland deregulated and cut taxes , then nokia would never have been ambushed by apple . 
  according to the chief executive of the industry lobby . 
  and the ` french disease '' ( syphilis ), 
  well , i disagree that ireland is small beer . 
  some numbers [ source ] ( http://www.financialsecrecyindex.com/pdf/ireland.pdf )  ireland hosts over half of the world 's top 50 banks and half of the top 20 insurance companies ; in january 2013 it hosted over 11,000 funds administering some $ 2.3 trillion in assets ; with $ 1.3 trillion of assets in funds domiciled in ireland ireland is :  the single largest location outside the us for the declared pre-tax profits of u.s. firms . 
  the `` double irish with dutch sandwich '' tax dodge is the reason for this . 
   ireland has also triggered ` beggar my neighbour ' competition from other nations : most recently , liechtenstein announced plans for a 12.5 % across-the-board corporation tax rate , explicitly to match ireland 's . 
  the united kingdom has more recently been offering competing tax products . 
  so yes , quite happy to bash the uk ( and the usa for that matter ) but ireland , although a late comer to the game , has been playing it really harsh and hard . 
  although the uk has some world-class financial crooks , that does n't let ireland off the hook . 
  campaign : ireland 's tax model must stop hurting the global south http://www.taxjustice.net/2014/06/23/report-irelands-tax-model-must-stop-hurting-global-south/  debt and development coalition ireland ( ddci ) has called on the minister for finance michael noonan to act to ensure that ireland 's tax model stops hurting countries of the global south . 
  the global justice organisation was responding to plans announced by the department of finance to examine the impact of ireland 's tax system on developing countries . 
  members of the public have been invited by the department to submit their views . 
  depends what you mean by britain . 
  the city might as well be a different country - they certainly do n't share their plunder with the rest of us ( being expert tax avoiders and all ) . 
  probably good for fine arts dealers and high-class prostitutes , but not anyone else . 
  and having this bunch in our midst skews our whole economy and perverts our political process . 
  sorry if my sarcasm was too weak . 
  yeah , i know the city of london is a band of pirates set up to operate a network of tax havens . 
  they might benefit from it , but the rest of us mugs in the uk certainly do n't . 
  the offshore havens are parasites on the uk economy . 
  if they had n't bought our politicians already , they would be public enemy number one ( not these arab muppets , who everyone seems to want to bomb all the time ) . 
  will do . 
  i 'm thinking there must be some way we can invade them or something to stop them pillaging our economy . 
  they are only little , after all , and we do still have a few ships lying around not doing anything . 
  looks like sudan beats you on the number of un volunteers it sends abroad and on the amount of foreign investments it makes . 
  sorry mate , you just ca n't compete . 
  i 'd like them more if they [ stopped helping multinationals dodge tax ] ( http://www.finfacts.ie/irishfinancenews/article_1026675.shtml ) that should rightfully be paid in other countries . 
  cyprus is out their campaigning to get them to shift to cyprus - that 's what the article is about . 
  cyprus is doing their bit in the `` race to the bottom '' . 
  getting companies to shift their tax base to your country looks like it might pay off . 
  in practice it does n't because some other country will always come in an undercut you . 
  the only winners are the multinationals , who get a competitive advantage over smaller companies ( who are n't so good at dodging tax ) , and so can crush their competitors . 
  the losers are the ordinary public , of course . 
  [ yep . 
  ] ( http://www.financialsecrecyindex.com/pdf/usa.pdf )  usa accounts for over 22 per cent of the global market for offshore financial services , making it a huge player compared with other secrecy jurisdictions  it provides secrecy for non-residents , both at a federal level and at the level of individual u.s. states . 
  taken as a whole , the united states provides a very wide range of offshore secrecy services . 
  for decades , successive u.s. governments have encouraged many of these developments to attract capital for balance of payments reasons . 
  juncker is the choice of the parliament . 
  so if you 're in favour of the parliament choosing leaders , then you should support juncker 's democratic mandate ( even if you oppose his policies ) . 
  if every european leader was as energetic as him at promoting the `` race to the bottom '' , europe would be screwed . 
  no they did n't . 
  even now , luxembourg is currently number 2 on the global financial secrecy index : http://www.financialsecrecyindex.com/, 
  political compass -6.88 , -6.56 i did it a while ago , them were my results !, 
  at least they 've still got a chance with this one . 
  well , they have to treat private contractors the same as internal nhs services when tendering contracts .
