  except that some individuals are very wealthy indeed . 
  so individual donations need to be limited too . 
  your figure for tax revenues is wrong . 
  if it comes from [ the daily mail ] ( http://www.thisismoney.co.uk/money/news/article-2100345/londons-taxes-prop-rest-uk-one-pound-earned-capital-funds-rest-country.html ) then it 's saying that 45 % of london 's gdp is paid in taxes . 
  [ the original from the cebr ] ( http://www.cebr.com/reports/how-money-in-some-regions-subsidises-others/ ) is pretty vague and gives no background on how that calculation was done . 
  london 's gdp is 22 % of the uk total . 
  tax receipts as a % of gdp for the uk as a whole are 37.9 % . 
  so london contributes 9.9 / 37.9 = 26 % of tax receipts for the uk as a whole . 
  regardless , the real issue is not london but the city of london . 
  yes it is awash with money , but that money distorts , corrupts and corrodes our political system . 
  if we took the city and its network of tax havens out of the uk political framework , it would be easier to set up a fairer tax system ( e.g. 
  reducing the unfair advantage of the multinationals over smaller competitors ) . 
  london is really a different country to the rest of the uk . 
  never mind scottish independence , we should seek independence from the city !, 
  what they never show , and what really is a critical measure , is what proportion of national income is going to labour . 
  if employment is rising but wages stay the same , then all other things being equal that means a greater proportion of national income going to labour ( rather than as unearned income for capital , i.e. 
  rent ) . 
  ** except ** if economic growth is outstripping the increase in total wages . 
  in which case it could still be that the share of national income going as unearned income to capital could still be rising ( as it has since the 1970s ) . 
  `` 2 '' appears twice , because cambridge and icl got equal scores ( taking the second and third place ) . 
  so `` 3 '' is omitted . 
  do n't delete the trolls - just do n't feed em . 
   very good illustration of anti-russian bias in western press . 
  ironically , you refute it by citing an article published in ... the western press !, 
  seems to me a very good illustration of debate and discussion in action . 
  just what the press is supposed to do . 
  poacher turned gamekeeper . 
  they already bagged the rainbow warrior . 
  sounds reasonable . 
  i think the uk should also be allowed to shoot down a light aircraft , just to prove that we 're still a player . 
  but asian countries will not , since a lot of the traffic carried to and fro goes on european airlines , and asian airlines do n't have the spare capacity standing around to take up the slack ( well , except malaysia , but i think they are pretty unhappy already that russia shot down one of their planes and caused the company to go bankrupt ) . 
  of the franco/mussolini kind , rather than hitler . 
  i believe that all orbiting objects are mapped and known to anyone who has an interest ( e.g. 
  here : http://spaceweather.com/flybys/ ) . 
  space agencies need to know to avoid accidents , for a start . 
  but you know this is only part of the evidence , which is : 1 . 
  russia gave heavy military equipment to the rebels , 2 . 
  we have pictures of the buks travelling through ukraine , and have pretty much identified the russian unit it came from . 
  the rebels had a motive - they were trying to shoot down the the transports ukraine was flying to the kettle on the south-eastern border . 
  they wanted their buks to surprise the ukrainians , who thought high-flying aircraft were safe . 
  we have images of the launch trail and a pretty much confirmed launch location - inside rebel territory . 
  we have social media chatter revealing the rebels celebrating the strike , which were swiftly taken down . 
  we have radio intercepts of their leadership talking about it . 
  and now we have a series of eyewitness testimony . 
  there was other testimony at around the time as well . 
  because the plane was a large plane flying straight and level west to east , on pretty much the same path that the ukrainians were flying their an-26s in an attempt to resupply a brigade that was trapped on the border with russia . 
  the rebels had recently shot down an an-26 doing the same thing . 
  the russians gave them the buks ( and perhaps the crews too ) to hinder the ukrainian 's resupply efforts . 
  why would a russian plane ( the rebels do n't have any ) be flying on that route ? 
  why would the ukrainians be shooting at it ? 
  a russian pilot would know that the ukrainians had buks , so would not be flying like a sitting duck . 
  the conspiracy just does n't make sense . 
  do n't know about the keyhole satellite . 
  it seems unlikely as everyone knows the locations of these satellites . 
  anyway , there is a criminal investigation and the dutch will request the images if they exist , so i doubt they are being hidden . 
  i do believe i 've just been insulted !, 
  umm , have you escaped from the 19th century ? 
  the idea that one bit of the uk ` rules over ' other bits is ridiculous . 
  the uk is a pretty good democracy . 
  this is a debate about whether scotland remains part of the union . 
  there are pros and cons , but a lot of people think that scotland would be better off within the union , given that the interests of the scots , welsh , cornish etc are closely aligned . 
  independence from the city of london - well now that 's something i think we could all vote for . 
  you say that now , but they have the nukes and we do n't . 
  because that is government debt , which is mostly owed to its own citizens . 
  government debt is a way of transferring public wealth into private hands . 
  also , although other countries do own part of the us 's debt , private citizens in the us also own a lot of other countries ' debts . 
  it all balances out in the end . 
  big in terms of population and infrastructure . 
  these days , land is only a tiny part of wealth ( although european land is worth more per hectare than us , canadian , brazilian land etc - because of high development of infrastructure and population ) . 
  interestingly , this wiki source says the the usa has more wealth than europe : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/distribution_of_wealth, 
  that 's probably because around 30 % of the world 's wealth is physically located in the eu . 
  it 's a big place , and quite wealthy by global standards . 
  i beg to differ . 
  zero hours contracts do n't count as temporary contracts , but they are even less secure . 
  well that 's fair enough but then what is there to lose by giving guarantees to the minority ? 
  democracy only works if there are checks and balances to protect the rights of minorities ( human rights legislation , equality and anti-discrimination laws , etc ) . 
  that 's why attempts to overlay democracy onto middle eastern countries keeps failing . 
  the problem with ukraine is that it 's politically divided by ethnicity and region . 
  when you try to overlay democracy onto that , what you easily get is a tyranny of the majority , which is what has happened in ukraine . 
  basically there is no middle ground between the minority and majority , and no real desire of the majority to defend the interests of the minority . 
  russia exploits and stokes those divisions to further its geopolitical interests . 
  russia wants ukraine to join the eurasian customs union , rather than the eu . 
  that would strengthen russia economically and politically . 
  also , there is the issue of transdniestria . 
  that 's cut off from russia on the other side of ukraine . 
  more good reasons for bringing ukraine into the political orbit of russia . 
  so ... not luhansk and donetsk ? 
  i do n't understand what you are trying to say - maybe you do n't understand what i am trying to say . 
  maybe you 're projecting . 
  who knows . 
  sorry , wrote in haste . 
  this is not a little thing , obviously . 
  what i meant is that instead of treating these as crimes perpetrated by individuals , they are seized upon by racists as evidence that immigrants are moral degenerates . 
  that actually contributes to the problem , because people trying to keep a lid on the foam-in-the-mouth racism create a veil that helps the criminals get away with it . 
  you do realise that most british people of pakistani descent are also horrified by what 's happened ? 
  and that the only reason the ( white ) councillors and police were eventually goaded into doing something was because of the tireless work of nazir afzal ( chief crown prosecutor for the north west ) this is fucked up . 
  and it is true that some people are wary of tackling these issues becuase of the racial context . 
  but that 's because every little thing like this gets seized upon by racists as evidence that immigrants are moral degenerates . 
  once all part of charlemagne 's empire , split between his sons ( the middle bits went to lothair ) . 
  an alliance of corrupt dictatorships !,
