  plus , the population is getting older . 
  older people are more conservative and distrustful of foreigners . 
  or rather , what we need is a hierarchy of democracy , with appropriate powers at different levels of democratic governance ( local , regional , supra-regional and , ideally , global ) . 
  no , they were n't like nazi extermination camps . 
  but if you read first hand accounts , it 's quite amazing from a modern perspective how hostile the british were to boer civilians , and their belief that civilians were the enemy and should be dealt with harshly contributed to the ` oversights ' and negligence that lead to so many deaths . 
  assuming malpractice occurs at random over a physician 's career . 
  a doc is chugging along nicely and then goes haywire at a random moment . 
  in fact , malpractice is ( hopefully ) identified early on . 
  which is why physicians who qualify oversees have a higher strike-out rate . 
  more of them are new to the system , and therefore new to scrutiny . 
  for context of the 130 docs disqualified , that 's from a total of about 100,000 doctors practicing in the uk that qualified abroad . 
  the bbc is inevitably biased because the people who staff it are all well educated lads and lasses with a certain perspective on life . 
  and they 're all british , which loads on the perspective . 
  but under the circumstances they do a pretty good job of representing all positions fairly . 
  the problem with point 2 is the asymmetry . 
  i know more about my health than you , mr insurance guy , can know ( subjective self-rating of health is a powerful and independent predictor of outcomes ) . 
  so mr insurance guy will go by indirect measure ( place of residency ) and also spend a lot trying to identify false claims . 
  it 's pretty inefficient . 
  plus , if you do n't insure check-ups and routine work , then people avoid going to the doctors . 
  so they only show up when their disease is advanced , which results in poor outcomes and additional expenditure ( prevention is cheaper than cure ) . 
  a better system is used in several european countries ( not uk ) . 
  insurance is mandatory , centralised and universal . 
  but you can choose your healthcare provider ( i.e. 
  there are often co-payments - the insurance only kicks in when the bills start to rise . 
  actually , there is good evidence that the reverse is true . 
  in countries where women are in short supply , they have a stronger bargaining position . 
  which means they are of higher value and status . 
  men have to compete for their favours ( i.e. 
  give women what they want ) . 
  a similar transparency system is used in the usa , as a basis for apportioning tax revenues to the different states . 
  a better plan is for the city of london to declare independence from the uk and go fully off-shore . 
  the uk has more in common with europe than it does with the city . 
  the effect is particularly big in winter . 
  snow reflects a lot of light . 
  trees shed a lot of the snow and so are very dark in comparison . 
  spending as a % of gdp is roughly constant ( although chronically low compared with similar countries ) . 
  the tories pledge to maintain spending as a % of gdp . 
  but demand is increasing due to the ageing population and also because new , costly developments in medicine , that just ca n't keep up . 
  we need to increase spending as a % of gdp ( especially when gdp is flat lining ) . . 
  the eu is too big to be reformed . 
  the eu desperately needs reform . 
  the logic is that the eu would benefit if some countries left, 
   it 's not xenophobic to want greater control of ones nation well it kinda is . 
  i can see the argument that power should be located at the most appropriate level . 
  but the idea that there is some yawning chasm between the ` national ' and ` local international ' level is xenophobic . 
  i do n't see why giving power to bureaucrats in london is intrinsically giving ` me ' more power than bureaucrats in brussels . 
  if you want to give ` me ' more power then you may as well argue that immigration should be in the hands of my local authority ( or parish council ) . 
  what 's so magical about national boundaries ? 
  why am i more represented when tied up with the northern irish ? 
  the nhs is in serious problems for demographic reasons ( all the old folk ) . 
  a key thing keeping the nhs afloat is all the working-age immigrants . 
  alexander kerensky was probably the last time russia had a chance . 
  he lasted 4 months . 
  people feel like britain is doing well , but that european red tape is dragging us down . 
  rather than sorting out europe 's problems , the less wealthy parts of europe are taking money from us . 
  immigration is also a major issue that will be the turning point , and is linked to the above . 
  i do n't agree with these points , but it 's what motivates the ` no ' vote . 
  the notion that business should done be without ethics is relatively recent , even in the usa . 
  yeah i agree what i meant was that by international standards the brighter kids do quite well . 
  the problem that oecd is picking up on mainly comes from failings at ages 16-19 among the low achievers ( i.e. 
  they get stuck where they are at age 16 ) . 
  grammar schools are a debate worth having , but it 's not a solution to this particular problem ( incidentally , i went to a grammar , and i do n't like them ), 
  the intelligent do well already . 
  the problem is those who are lagging . 
  there 's a good discussion of the problem here : http://www.theguardian.com/education/2013/oct/08/oecd-adult-literacy-numeracy-uk-poverty-inequality there 's no simple solution , as you might expect . 
  but the basic problem is a lack of continuity beyond age 16 . 
  some people were killed in 1974 . 
  turk1 : this is why turkey invaded greek1 : not it was n't , they were killed after the invasion . 
  and anyway lots died on both sides . 
  turk2 : some other people were killed before the war and you are horrid for saying that it 's ok to kill people after the invasion . 
  greek1 never said that other people were n't killed before the war - just that these particular ones were n't . 
  and certainly never said that their deaths were justified . 
  in other words , turk1 is using the article to push a different point . 
  greek1 points that out . 
  then turk2 just goes off the deep end . 
  your comment does n't even make sense in context . 
  are you sure you are replying in the right place ? 
  i know emotions run high on this issue but got ta keep it grounded a little . 
  http://www.usc.edu/dept/las/wsrp/information/rel499_2011/hittite%20laws.pdf number 76 . 
  actually i do n't think that 's true at all . 
  schwarzer makes the point that female rights in the past had to take second place to maintaining ` class solidarity ' . 
  now they have to take second place to maintaining ` race solidarity ' . 
  but both are wrong-headed . 
   ** schwarzer : ** as soon as you opened your mouth and said the word woman , you were beaten down with the argument that you were betraying the class struggle . 
  there are many poignant writings in which feminists first write pages about their class standpoint before getting to their actual issue . 
  what was then known as class warfare is today called anti-racism . 
  the threat of being accused of racism gave birth to false tolerance . 
  once , about 20 years ago , a police officer in cologne told me , `` ms. schwarzer , 70 to 80 percent of the rapists in cologne are turkish . '', 
  i was very upset and said : `` then good god , why do n't you bring the issue up ? '', 
  because only after you call a problem by name can you change it . 
  and then he said , no way , that 's not politically opportune . 
  so you see , the police have long been extremely frustrated by these hush-ups . 
  i think that 's changing now , and that 's a good thing . 
  http://newramblerreview.com/book-reviews/economics/what-s-the-matter-with-luxembourg  the united states and united kingdom stand to benefit from offshore tax evasion because much of the world 's offshore wealth ends up , in a roundabout way , passing through new york or london . 
  consider the case of a french resident who wants to avoid home country taxes on investment income . 
  the french resident might set up a shell company in the british virgin islands and open a swiss bank account in the company 's name . 
  the french resident might then have the company purchase shares of a luxembourg-based mutual fund . 
  the fund , in turn , might hold a portfolio of stocks traded on the new york stock exchange , nasdaq , and london stock exchange , as well as bonds issued in the united states and united kingdom . 
  when a u.s. corporation pays a dividend to a luxembourg mutual fund , the dividend will generally be subject to a 15 % withholding tax under the u.s.-luxembourg tax treaty . 
  ( the united kingdom imposes no tax on outbound dividends . ),
