  anything you see in the movies , you can assume it is exactly like that in the us, 
  right ? 
  it 's so civilized . 
  and to think we 've been living like barbarians this whole time over here ... 
  in the us if you see adds for strip clubs usually you should get out of that part of town . 
  most likely by starting as children . 
  plasticity in the young brain helps . 
  i am so sorry you had to deal with this lol . 
  we 're not all this pig-headed, 
  oooh now i get it . 
  thanks . 
  so it 's unlikely many parties will form a coalition with him ? 
  so what powers would he have if he won ? 
  and how many other parties are present ? 
  i 'm not too familiar with politics in the netherlands, 
  what has hollande done to get such a low approval rating ? 
  oof do n't remind me, 
  just wait , he 's not even in office yet . 
  then it 'll be 4 years of `` wait , can president trump actually do that ? 
  '' , and `` oh , looks like he did anyway . '', 
  in the us , we throw 1 $ bills at our strippers . 
  how does it work in the eu ? 
  every time i 've been across the pond , i 've never seen any bills less than 5 $ . 
  that is way too expensive to pay for a trashy lap dance via projectile/thong placement , imo . 
  you ca n't put coins into thongs !, 
  or can you ? 
  please help . 
  how does it work for you people ? 
  genuinely curious . 
  does it vary wildly from different countries ? 
  how many years does it take , what subjects are available to study , and what degree do you receive at graduation ? 
  what is the application process like ? 
  also , how does graduate/medical school differ from university ? 
  in the states , we need to get an undergraduate degree before grad/med school , but i lived in spain for a few months and i found that you can go to med school for a 6 year program , no undergrad degree required . 
  thanks friends, 
  for camping , hiking , etc. . 
  hello everyone . 
  i 'm planning a trip to visit europe this summer , and i 'd like some advice if you are willing to provide it . 
  i 'll lay out my early , tentative plan : i 'd like to fly into paris and bum around france a bit . 
  the top countries on my list to visit after are southern spain , germany , italy , switzerland , austria , greece , norway , sweden , belgium , hungary , portugal , denmark , netherlands , croatia . 
  i will also try to visit slovenia for quite some time there . 
  i have close relatives there ( my g-pa was a slovene refugee that came to the u.s. ) . 
  now , what is the best way to travel between countries ? 
  and within your country , what is the best way to travel around ? 
  is renting a car easy or recommended ? 
  what are some must-see sites ? 
  what are some cultural do 's and dont 's ? 
  where should i avoid ? 
  are hostels generally safe ? 
  how do you say `` cheers '' or make a toast in your native language ? 
  and do you have any wilderness hikes or camping that you recommend in your country ? 
  where can i find more information on regulations for camping/hiking ? 
  any extreme sports in your area , like climbing/kayaking/surfing / skiing , etc ? 
  i 'm looking for outdoor adventures , mountains in lots of places favorite native dish ? 
  i listed some countries , but please comment if i did n't list your country if you want !, 
  i still have n't decided which ones i 'm going to and i want to see everything i can !, 
  i appreciate any help you can offer !, 
  sorry for the long list , but i like to be thorough . 
  peace and love, 
  do you visit often ? 
  are the people dramatically different ? 
  are rural areas widespread in your country ? 
  in the us , i 've only ever lived in rural areas , so i 'm wondering what rural areas are like in other areas . 
  example : https://i.redd.it/3e0rryc04qjy.jpg . 
  minnesota is filled with lakes and boreal/temperate mixed forests , so this is a pretty common landscape . 
  it 's a very rural state , and small towns kinda look like this , https://www.ecosia.org/images?q=ely+minnesota with lakes surrounding towns in the northern part of the state . 
  do you live near the coast or on a lake ? 
  do you/have you sailed before , and what kind of boat do you have ? 
  what sort of issues do you ask them to focus on , and do you do it frequently ? 
  letters , fax , phone calls ? 
  do you think its common in your area ? 
  do they talk about it often , and if they do , what do they tell you ? 
  thanks for the answers everyone . 
  theres some cool history in this thread, 
  do you think your government is doing enough to tackle it , and how are they proceeding ? 
  is climate change denial prominent at all in your area ? 
  how do you feel about climate change ? 
  what do you personally do ( if anything ) to be environmentally friendly ? 
  edit : also good morning, 
  also , what is a `` typical '' date like in your country ? 
  do you like it ? 
  edit : also am a little curious how much in total your taxes cost to cover the costs ? 
  i should 've asked that initially also why the down votes , honest question :(, 
  sorry if the question is unclear . 
  i 'm having a little trouble phrasing it , i suppose ? 
  i do n't mean to offend anyone at all !, 
  basically , i 've always wondered if germans have `` trouble '' finding a national identity . 
  let me play it out : germany goes through 2 world wars , and afterwards has a decimated economy . 
  and then the country is split and occupied , and exists as a puppet state until the 90 's . 
  and then recovery to the powerhouse today . 
  from what i imagine , these events are recent enough to play a huge part in your culture . 
  but does anyone identify with these time periods ? 
  are they culturally significant to you ? 
  how have they shaped your image/beliefs ? 
  is there any part of german culture that was lost or different during these times ? 
  i am also wondering if there is a huge cultural difference between germans who lived through ww2 ( admittedly few people left ) , people who were born in east/west germany and experienced reunification , and younger germans born after all of these events ? 
  thanks for putting up with a poorly worded question . 
  and what is your personal favorite ? 
  good morning, 
  also consider your birth year ?
