6c of warming by the end of the century sounds like the result of a high emissions scenario . 
  hopefully the world can avoid that future, 
  now you 're getting it !, 
  so what 's gon na be a likely climate-friendly and not-so-climate friendly coalition ? 
   only because trump is big news all of a sudden wilders is big news ugh . 
  sorry about that, 
  like the legal marijuana now party . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/legal_marijuana_now_party colors are green , gold , and red lmao, 
  yeah , vice news reported today that he was the next trump and that the future of the eu was doomed . 
  they did n't even mention that no one wanted to form a coalition with him and that he also dropped in the polls, 
  he * is * a meme, 
  ha nah i 'm mostly kidding , i got the gist of it from the numbers and abbreviations . 
  thanks though !, 
  curse my english-only upbringing, 
  so since no one wants to form a coalition with pvv , would these `` newer '' left wing groups just form a coalition with vdd ? 
  seems like its a similar end result ? 
  is there any particular reason the groenlinks party is projected to win way more seats than in 2012 ? 
  yes ? 
  cause being isolationist is part of what led to these world wars . 
  and plus we live on this planet , and we 're a pretty damn influential part of it . 
  all the power and influence we enjoy comes from our strong alliances . 
  that helps keep us safe . 
  and germany has one of the strongest economies now . 
  but by all means , continue supporting a guy who shits on our allies . 
  come back in a couple years and tell me if we 've won edit . 
  also we only became a superpower after ww2, 
  i did n't realize we made america great that fast, 
  two good choices ? 
  well is n't that fortunate, 
  save us !, 
  goddam i never saw that last bit . 
  fuck those kind of people . 
  i hate it when people say get out of my country , and they just assume they 're foreign because they look different or have an accent . 
  how ignorant . 
  potato, 
  unfortunately, 
  a very ted cruzish person over in romania, 
  i know people who truly believe he 's strengthening relations with our allies . 
  yeah right, 
  well i gave it my best shot !, 
  ha im gon na guess engineering, 
  thats true but i have no idea how i 'll pay my debt quickly, 
  me too . 
  except it 's only 10:30 here and there 's much more studying to be had, 
  are you getting up early or staying up late ? 
  i still ca n't believe how late everyone was staying up, 
  well i already have my undergrad degree and am in postgrad school now so a little late :( i was just commenting that the yearly salary is very small compared to the debt i will have, 
  they 've shot themselves in both feet this past year or so, 
  i looked at the site . 
  it stinks because the starting yearly salary is exactly what one year of school ( i need 8 ) in my field will cost me . 
  yeah ? 
  what will you be doing in france ? 
  to finish school but hey then ill actually be a useful citizen, 
  can i come over and stay a while ? 
  i already know how to ask for beers in french and i like baguettes . 
  they wanted a more strict agreement lol, 
   exiting times . 
  is that an intentional typo ? 
  cause its extremely ironic lol, 
   it feels like he is already stretching the life expectancy of someone with such a terrible lifestyle stop , do n't give me hope, 
  we have a huge voter suppression problem, 
   trump is a 70 year old man who believes exercise is bad for you he also regularly eats fast food and does n't sleep much . 
  i 'm sorry everyone . 
  this really sucks . 
  there is a little silver lining though . 
  first , us states are likely to attempt to adhere to commitments under paris https://www.nytimes.com/2017/06/01/climate/us-paris-accord-what-happens-next.html http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/us-politics/new-york-city-paris-agreement-donald-trump-uphold-mayor-bill-de-blasio-climate-change-carbon-targets-a7766681.html some big cities too . 
  https://www.usatoday.com/story/tech/news/2017/06/01/apple-facebook-google-ceos-urge-support-paris-climate-agreement/102377706/ many of our big companies do too , and will continue their trend towards renewable energy . 
  our energy companies say the same as well . 
  second , trump is taking the 4 year long approach . 
  if he does n't get reelected , the next president will ( hopefully ) be likely to stay in the agreement . 
  and the way this moron is `` governing , '' he maybe wo n't be reelected . 
  ive been surprised before though . 
  and before you crucify americans , know that most of us did want to stay in paris . 
  it 's just trump and his base being colossal idiots http://climatecommunication.yale.edu/publications/paris_agreement_by_state/ and the us has been decreasing emissions , though we are now likely to plateau . 
  i do n't think trump can stop the renewable energy boom https://www.nrdc.org/experts/jake-schmidt/trump-cant-stop-global-renewable-energy-booms i 've been lobbying for a long time under citizens climate lobby , to push for a carbon fee and dividend in the us . 
  we 've got a bipartisan caucus of reps that want to install a carbon taxhttps : / / en.wikipedia.org/wiki/climate_solutions_caucus our former secretary of state under reagan is part of ccl as well . 
  so who knows , that could gain even more traction . 
  also , maybe you all will put tariffs on us until we behave better . 
  well it 's better than coal, 
  it 's a little bit like that, 
  actually tillerson is advocating to remain in the paris agreement . 
  make of that what you will . 
  i think it 's just being smart . 
  the u.s. should want a seat at the table, 
  they 've also vowed 90 % renewable energy by 2020, 
  the point is we could 've been, 
  well , it definitely will let the eu step up . 
  which is good , because your leaders are more serious and level-headed about it than the us . 
  we still have people that deny climate change outright , as you know . 
  its still quite a sad day for me . 
  i do a lot of environmental/clean energy lobbying in my spare time , as climate change could be a huge public health disaster . 
  i love my country , but now we 're taking actions that will multiply threats and dangers to human health around the world . 
  i really hope this catalyzes other countries out of any potential complacency . 
  its just so silly that we 're ceding the easiest chance to affirm our place as a global leader . 
  christ , even north korea is in the paris agreement . 
   jan sn\u00edh i wish, 
  i know nothing :( only what has been said in the text above, 
  those are solar panels on the roof , right ? 
  unfortunately thats quite too late we will also miss out on the renewable energy boom, 
  yeah , translating from diplomatic language .
