  just any unique things from your own country, 
  i lived in spain for several months once . 
  a friend i met there described some clubbing rules for me . 
  she said that dirty dancing is frowned upon . 
  she also said that if you dance with someone you can reasonably expect to go home with them . 
  are these things true ? 
  i also never really got used to the clubs that were open much later than in america . 
  i love spain though, 
  my grandfather fought with his brothers for the yugoslav partisans . 
  most of his brothers died except for him ( immigrated to usa ) and his youngest brother ( moved to south america ) if your grandfather is still living , tell him thanks !, 
  do you not know a lot about your great grandfathers ? 
  thanks !, 
  what is it about the smell that allows parasitoid wasps to differentiate btn smells ? 
  whats the coolest thing you learned ? 
  its not gon na blow up in my hand , is it, 
  ah yes easy cheese https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/easy_cheese perfect for parties and reinforcing american stereotypes, 
  we 'll miss you !, 
  what kinda games u play bruh, 
  i live in the great lakes region and we sail a lot so i was wondering how frequently people sail in another country, 
  wow that first pic is one of the coolest boats i 've ever seen, 
  there are currently lawsuits against several gerrymandered states . 
  pretty sure north carolina has to hold a special election and redraw districts because it was found to be racially motivated . 
  i do n't know details on this cause i live in a state far away from any terrible gerrymandering . 
  based on that alone , probably would n't meet requirements . 
  http://www.commondreams.org/views/2016/02/09/federal-court-says-north-carolinas-racially-motivated-gerrymandering go ahead and look at the district map, 
  you know a lot of our politicians, 
  true the politicians suck but do n't knock those walmart pizzas . 
  you could buy a different one each day of the year !, 
  i need to get out of here, 
  basically just different levels of right wing, 
  wow . 
  i never knew spain had such diverse landscape . 
  thanks a ton !, 
  is mcdonalds pretty poplar in europe ? 
  i always got the feeling when i was abroad that it stereotypes the `` fat american '' and is kind of avoided by most people ? 
  thanks , thats pretty cool . 
  it looks a lot like southern minnesota or wisconsin !, 
   medicine me too, 
  what kind of job do you want ? 
  hey i 'm looking for a route i can camp/hike for a few days . 
  i 'd like to see a little oceans , mountains , and forests . 
  any favorites ? 
  poor sod ? 
  i love it !, 
  this is better than the time a british bookstore owner in quito called me a yank !, 
  i 'm an extra in your new sitcom, 
  what 's it like having two solid choices to vote for ? 
  he 's been around that long ? 
  that 's probably just me though , i 've only been paying attention to world politics for the last 2 years or so . 
  does n't help when you have the u.s. president try to sensationalize everything, 
  we dropped it in the harbor with the t, 
  then we 'll get another draft and i 'd rather not travel the world that way, 
  there 's been large protests pretty much nonstop in every major city, 
  thanks . 
  most people are quite upset with this as well . 
  its ok i was skiing in co last month and i met one of your countrymen on the chairlift and we complained together it was nice, 
  too soon, 
  good grief, 
  i looked at it . 
  when it says 5 days within one month for the global pass , does that mean i only get 5 days of use ? 
  well , you know they call us a flawed democracy now . . :(, 
  what 's the scoop means what 's the deal , or what are the details . 
  it 's just another way to phrase a request for info haha, 
  mid july to august most likely, 
   psytrance thats some cool sounding stuff . 
  what 's the scoop on the festivals ? 
  sounds kinda how we ended up with trump . 
  it 's a tentative list !, 
  sell me your country , id love to visit the czech republic !!, 
  i 'm just trying to find some info about as many countries as i can, 
  our republicans have no spine . 
  he will not be impeached anytime soon . 
  he 's already arguably violated the constitution . 
  it 's amazing the lengths members of congress go to defend this guy . 
  would macron defeat her easily ? 
  i was following this , but kinda lost track a while ago and macron seems to have come out of nowhere to me since i was focused on fillon and le pen . 
  what is this scandal ? 
  many vets have killed themselves under every administrations va. [ we rank extremely poorly compared to other developed countries while spending way more per capita ] ( http://time.com/2888403/u-s-health-care-ranked-worst-in-the-developed-world/ ) . 
  all these countries ranked above us use at least some form of single payer healthcare . 
  i think it would make sense to adopt a strategy thats working for other countries . 
  i 'm a medical student , and basically every doctor i work with or meet [ support single payer healthcare in some way ] ( http://www.npr.org/templates/story/story.php?storyid=112818960 ) . 
  i wish more of my country felt the same . 
  for grad school yes . 
  if you want to be a marine biologist , you should major in biology or ecology , something like that . 
  but for medical school , you can have whatever major you want in undergrad . 
  you just have to take a few required classes , like o chem and physiology . 
  i know art and english and even economics majors in medical school, 
  i agree initially , but i realize that i was not ready to make the call on med school right out of high school . 
  undergrad helped me mature , and i also got to study ecology abroad and take a wide range of subjects on my way to a bio degree.i enjoyed it , though it was pricey, 
  yes , you get an undergrad ( 4 year degree ) and then you apply to law school . 
  same for medical/graduate school, 
  what 's bonfire night, 
  at least pence acts like an adult and is n't kissing up to putin, 
  can you not purchase fireworks any other time of the year ? 
  i do n't know about many other countries but when i lived in spain for a few months i had `` fries '' all the time . 
  they were heavenly . 
  idk . 
  i personally do n't like them because i hate crowds and bars and such . 
  i 've only been to them for bachelor parties , and the whole time i thought it was a bit overrated, 
  movies are accurate lol,
