  so i think the kids were pretty regular , there was some teasing an a couple of fights , but still nothing you can see in american films . 
  we did have some sort of a party with music and dancing on 9th grade and the graduating kids voted titles like most popular , prettiest girl , best athlete etc. 
  but it was really a gag ; i got the smartest kid prize which was a candy cellphone . 
  after that i went to a high school that required a real high gpa from it 's applicants and tbh there was pretty much no teasing and a real nice atmosphere all around . 
  i think the thing that most separates scandinavian and american schools though , are the hierarchy and authority systems . 
  i mean we addressed our teachers by their first names or by acronyms and they made all sorts of jokes in class so it 'd be more interesting to wade through the complicated material . 
  they seemed a lot more like our friends than authority figures really . 
  and most of them were really well-liked . 
  i 'm sure there are nice teachers in the us too , but there 's that weird sort of authority thing , both teachers and students address each other by their surnames . 
  it has such of a weird authoritarian feel to it , is n't learning a joint venture ? 
  and all that bullying and hating school you hear when you 're talking to people online does n't really resonate with me since if you count out having to wake up so early ( and when you 're so young even that 's not that big of a problem ) , school actually was pretty great . 
  i do n't remember anyone even calling others names on the hallways , which certainly did happen in junior high . 
  oh , and hey i studied all the extended courses on history and civics ( political science ? 
  ) , but i never noticed any difference between others there and the natural science guys . 
  though almost all of us took extended maths anyways so we could share that pain . 
  though , everyone remembers the future med-students whining about physics courses and having to actually understand it for the entrance exams . 
  :d now i figure that in some schools where there 's more ` problem students ' the atmosphere might not be as rosy , but when i think of it i have n't heard any horror stories from my friends who went to other high schools either . 
  like the fuckgorewhore said , all the stories people tell are relegated to the junior high level . 
  this always makes me wonder , why do american teenagers act like that , but finnish ones do n't ? 
  either the movies are pretty much fictional or then something 's up , because theres descriptions left and right of people being just awful to their fellow students . 
  you 'd think if it was purely an age thing ( like is often claimed ) , it 'd happen universally . 
  and i find it pretty strange to think that we especially have a ` culture that discourages being an asshole to others as a kid ' . 
  maybe someone has a better answer to this ? 
  or maybe someone 's attended a really shitty high school in finland and can tell me it 's really awful there , just like in america . 
  yea i 'm not opposed to military intervention , sometimes i think it 's necessary . 
  but i 'm with you on that occypying another country for a long period of time is excessive and only generates conflict . 
  there 's a line between what we can do with international sanctions and when we really need to step in . 
  but occupation should never be a long term strategy to consider , it 's not our country . 
  oh i 'm sorry , i forgot we 're occupying libya . 
  we should stop building military bases there and get our troops home . 
  yea i bet the secessionists in alaska do n't have an american identity either , too bad , if they had a vote , they still could n't secede . 
  it 's about numbers . 
  the ones who want this will try to get them up . 
  the ones who do n't want this will try to get them down . 
  in 100 years , we 'll see what happened . 
  i would think the european public is much more reserved when it comes to initiating things like these . 
  we have a long colonial background that 's still in the back of everyone 's minds , and we 're doing all that we can to act differently . 
  i do n't think it would fly that well in public opinion for europe to occupy another country , especially one from the third world . 
  they wo n't , but at some point in the future , they 're going to have to recognize the facts . 
  mainland europeans do n't speak french or german , they speak english . 
  so we need to act accordingly . 
  in addition to all the other comments , i 'd just like to say , that yes definitely i wish to see a common military . 
  the reason i did n't join the military in my own country was that i could never swear allegiance to finland as opposed to any of the other european countries . 
  i ca n't and i wo n't fight against them should that ever happen , and that precludes me from service to finland . 
  now if there was a true european military . 
  then yes , i would sign up for it . 
  but by that time i 'll probably be too old . 
  i 'd like to see this chance for our kids however , instead of the only option being ` serving your individual country ' . 
  and i bet you , i 'm not the only one who feels like this . 
  i 'd like to add though , that military service should definitely be something voluntary and not something forced on you , otherwise we wo n't have a truly free nation . 
  the ones who feel the call to serve , should . 
  for others , it 's cruelty to force them into it . 
  that probably has a lot to do with the ` socialist soviet ' part . 
  and the cultures of different parts of america differ too , quite monumentally actually , and in some ways a lot less than inside europe . 
  you 're always going to have that with huge landmasses , what matters is having a common identity too , and europe certainly has that , and you can build on it . 
  okay , so why are you complaining about right wing racism ? 
  do n't you know what that led to in the soviet union ? 
  they massacred everyone who was n't a good communist during the revolutionary war and stalin 's purges . 
  how dare you complain about racism when that leads to massacring racists !, 
  you 're just as bad as stalin , except you do n't have the insight of knowing the crimes your words will cause . 
  i know dude . 
  that 's why there 's this whole ` this only here for historical reference , pay no attention to the commandments ' disclaimer painted all over the old testament in the bible . 
  gosh , i mean can you imagine what 'd 've happened had the christians forgotten to put that in ? 
  i mean some of us might actually believe the thing about original sin and god sacrificing his only child to overcome it . 
  tbh , i have no idea what you 're ranting and raving about . 
  who here is saying all muslims are terrorist ? 
  and if you really ca n't see the difference between attacking the premises of a religion and attacking a human being , then you must be blind . 
  except it would be very unfair of me to compare that sort of a ludicrous train of throught to many articulate and insightful blind people . 
  leviticus 11:10 ` anything in the seas or the rivers that has not fins and scales , of the swarming creatures in the waters and of the living creatures that are in the waters , is detestable to you . ', 
  leviticus 19:28 ` ye shall not make any cuttings in your flesh for the dead , nor print any marks upon you : i am the lord . ', 
  tbh , it does n't get more clear than that . 
  yet we all eat our shellfish and enjoy our tattoos . 
  and guess what more , there 's nothing wrong with that . 
  oh , you must know what islam means . 
  allah is the one true god and mohammed is his prophet . 
  they have their own holy book , the koran and additional literature like the hadith , since the religion focuses more on the sayings of the prophet mohammed than christianity does on their christ . 
  they think jesus and abraham were holy men too , but mohammed brought the one true faith that they adhere to . 
  it 's a bit of a younger religion so they still adhere to some of the rules in their book , unlike most christians who 've learned that eating shellfish and tattooing is actually pretty cool . 
  they 've got different secs too like christianity that believe a bit different things , but really the basic concept is the thing about allah and mohammed . 
  i 'm sorry i just completely failed to understand what you 're saying in that message . 
  what religious rite is ` drowning babies ? 
  ' , and also why would i prefer any riddiculous religious rite over any other , all that you need to ask yourself is , is it harmful and does it to irrevocable damage ? 
  and um , what does world war ii have to do with religious rites , i do n't think blowing a nuclear bomb is a sacrament for anyone . 
  also i do n't really understand what your last sentence means . 
  you 're a christian if you accept jesus christ as your lord and saviour and adhere to the nicene creed or any other variation . 
  just like with all other religions , you ca n't be member if you do n't believe in the teachings . 
  but whatever , maybe you can clear this stuff up for me a bit . 
  they have , and that 's great . 
  that however is no reason to stop attacking the principles they 've forsaken . 
  just like with christianity , it 's so much less urgent to question the teachings of the liberal christians than it is to question their fundamentalist fringe . 
  now i completely acknowledge that most muslims in europe are liberal . 
  the problem is that , there 's tons of disillusioned young middle-eastern youths that are succeptible to extremist teachings in big european cities . 
  just like their native counterparts are succeptible to radical right and left wing ideologies . 
  this is a failing on the part of the european people and our governments . 
  however , we 're used to dealing with radicals in the political spectrum , we have a lot of experience with that . 
  but we 're not used to dealing with muslim extremism , it scares us . 
  and that 's probably also why it gets much more news coverage than other radicalism . 
  especially since it is a specific and major problem for europe to combat xenophobia and make it easier for non-natives to find jobs and become a part of society . 
  it 's asenine to call all muslims radicals , but it 's equally stupid to let go of all criticism of islam ( not muslims , islam ) , because of fear of being painted a racist . 
  if we let all criticism be done by the radical political movements , then we face an equally worse society than if we should let real fudamentalist islam spread all over europe .
