  but the sovereignty they fear they are losing is in truth already lost . 
  most finnish law that goes through our parliament today is based on directives from the eu and all the time the subsidiarity principle shrinks and the power of the eu to harmonize legislation grows . 
  the eu needs federal legislation , but not at the expense of democracy . 
  you can not grow a federal level of legislation in an uncontrolled and unchecked way by enlarging the european jurisdiction little by little into areas not envisioned in the founding treaties though the jurisprudence of the ecj . 
  what is required once more is honesty . 
  tell the european people your vision of the total jurisdiction of the european union , and put in place checks and balances to control it . 
  checks and balances that will be honoured instead of thrown aside when it 's time for the eu to integrate further . 
  we can never have solidarity if we do n't have respect first . 
  what we need is a european constitution for a european federal state that honours the right to self-government of each member state . 
  a constitution we can trust that limits the eu as much as it limits the individual states . 
  we will never be truly united in diversity until we achieve this . 
  democracy , subsidiarity and a true united federal europe . 
  that is what i dream of . 
  45/45 with 31 seconds to spare . 
  when you say federal government , do you mean a single all powerful state or a true federal state like swizerland and the us ? 
  i am a federalist through and through , but the federal europe i believe in is a europe where each state will govern as representative of the people of that state in the true meaning of the subsidiarity principle . 
  grant the things that are best dealt with on the federal level to the eu , but leave the rest to the individual states . 
  forge a european federal state trying to learn from the lessons of previous such endeavours . 
  and always remain vigilant over the separation of powers between the federal and state level , this is how 5 million finns will coexist in true union with their 65 million french brothers . 
  i 'm sorry , i 've assumed romania was part of the ussr so i figured you 'd be on the boarder , but it 's true ceaucescu 's regime was an independant one . 
  at least we never had that much against the tsarist rule , that part 's just somewhat complicated . 
  it 's when communism came and tainted russia for eternity that we started hating them . 
  i 'll drink to peace , as long as it 's not ` peace for our time ' . 
  so basically they 're just as good as the ones finns make of swedes . 
  interesting that some boardering countries do n't hate russia with the burning fire of a thousand suns . 
  it always warms my heart when swedes do n't think we 're violent drunks . 
  france : the stereotype about you guys is too strong for us to know when you 're kidding . 
  in that last chapter you probably described pretty accurately why you come across all the love of scotland ( and ireland ) and ambiguity about england here . 
  i really do n't think people in the nordic countries would mind having you join . 
  i actually find it positively intriguing as an idea . 
  i mean who does n't love the scots ? 
  you 've even got that cross thing going on in your flag . 
  areas kind of separated from the main continent , unite !, 
  the title says ` kymmenp\u00e4inen joukko ' = tens of people . 
  judging by the picture they managed to group up 15 people . 
  it 's true though , by finnish standards , this does equal a massive demonstration . 
  this really shows you the population density of northern europe . 
  then can you please come up with a name we can use for that culture that everyone in this thread is referring to , so we can use a word that does not refer in any way to the good hard working romas that are unfortunately being linked to this group of delinquents ? 
  all of these threads are full of people fighting over terminology . 
  we all know there 's a culture about that embraces theft and violence as positive things and we want to condemn that culture . 
  no one cares what ethnicity the people who adhere to this mindset are . 
  and instead of trying to come up with solutions , all discussion on this subject descends into an argument about semantics . 
  problem is , we drink it all at once . 
  think about it , if someone showed you santa claus collaborating with , well undead-hitler , you 'd be pretty shocked and upset too . 
  i mean , how could santa claus do that to us , i know jews do n't celebrate christmas , but still !, 
  not unlike all other periods in history , but progress on the long term is still rather linear . 
  it was , and just look around you and wonder what an even better world it has become . 
  i do n't assume this development to take part just in finland , but in all western countries . 
  it 's slow at times , and there 's bumps in the road , but on the long term it social policy always goes in one direction . 
  well , we 'll see in the coming decades how this will turn out . 
  in thirty years i think we 'll have a society with more immigration , more diversity and at the same time more equality ; both between genders and between cultures . 
  i 'm sure there 'll be problems still , like always , but all the time less and less about equality . 
  luckily for me , time does seem to favour the liberal agenda . 
  you actually , actually believe the finnish population would spriral into some sort of a decline that we would not be unable to sustain by marginal immigration , simply by removing incentives that unfairly and unequally target only women ? 
  really and truly ? 
  then i do n't really know what to say , because i do n't see any evidence whatsoever of this . 
  removing a few incentives that are biased towards women and reforming our system towards greater equality seems a completely tennable and sustainable goal . 
  and i 'm sure it 's going be pushed forwards on every front in finnish politics . 
  why on earth would most of the immigrants need to come from russia ? 
  and why on earth does the increase need to be rapid ? 
  in no way will stopping child bearing incentives to women suddenly collapse our population . 
  that 's laughable . 
  the effect would be tiny and more than adequately solved by controlled immigration . 
  so how about we actually abide by the human rights we 've committed to in international treaties right now , and leave spurious speculation about what slightly increased immigration to finland might cause for the future . 
  so you would favour all the examples i suggested and perhaps even more ? 
  well then , congratulations , you 're being intellectually honest . 
  i , on the other hand , would n't favour any of them . 
  abolish them all , since any incentive directed towards women is an incentive against equality . 
  and equality is as close to an absolute human right as we can have . 
  especially since there 's no need whatsoever for society to safeguard reproduction . 
  most women will always have children no matter what the conditions . 
  even with no incentives whatsoever , people would still keep on reproducing , granted if at a slightly slower rate . 
  this though , is in no way harmful to society , because finland is not the only country on earth . 
  if native finns were the extent of human population , we might have an argument here , but since there are people beyond out borders just waiting to come into this country , the rate at which finnish people reproduce is rather trivial . 
  how about retaining our commitment to human rights and opening our borders in order to create a stable population ? 
  by the rate humanity is reproducing on this planet , it 'll be a long time before we 'll run out of tax payers . 
  trying to make `` a compromise , a balancing act '' is completely unnecessary . 
   equality over anything else is completely worthless if it brings on a situation where the society and the human rights it upholds and maintains will cease to exist . 
  the only risk of `` ceasing to exist '' that i see , is the cavalcade of purely white faces walking on the esplanad . 
  i 'm not talking about compulsory military service for women , i 'm talking about giving women the same choice between civilian service ( basically nearly free work in the governmental service branch ) and military service ( women already have the right to elect to do military service ) , that men have . 
  sure many women would likely elect to do military service if they 're up to the physical requirements that also men have to comply with , but most would very likely elect to do the civilian service , which is a form of free labour for the state and this would more than offset any cost caused by more able women serving in the military . 
  in my mind it seems to be a win/win for both the state and equality . 
  yea , but we 're not talking about your country here . 
  i 'm not from there , so i wo n't pronounce anything about your situation . 
  you know much better what 's it 's like and what the political realities are for you . 
  all my remarks , concern the current situation in finland . 
  of course , but women will do the service at the age of 18 . 
  if you really are one of those few people who want to get pregnant at 18 , why not get pregnant during your compulsory service ? 
  if you want to get pregnant later , well do it later then . 
  are you imposing some restriction on getting pregnant ? 
  if you are , then why , did n't you want more women to have children ? 
  now then , if instead of restrictions we 're talking about incentives , then that 's a whole other ballgame . 
  let 's explore !, 
  what would it be like if we abandoned even more gender equality and just started incentivizing women to have children , not caring whether it leads to equal results at all . 
  you said getting to college earlier might make me want to have kids earlier . 
  well i do n't know , but statistics probably support it in some small way . 
  so lets try !, 
  can i please get preferential treatment in application for university before all the male applicants ? 
  it 's important that i get to college first so i can start having kids at an early age . 
  i 'm sure the men wo n't mind , because it 's good for society to have more children , and this might make me more inclined to have them .
