  or , could we double the amount of money i get on maternity leave ? 
  i mean , it 's so-so now , but if i got double the money , that might make me more inclined to have kids . 
  sure men will have to pay for it in their taxes , so we ca n't really call that equality , but that does n't really matter because making women comfortable and inducing them to get pregnant is more important , right ? 
  also , i 'm not exactly sure if i want to have kids without having a stable job from the government or the private sector , can we pass a law that all women will get preferential treatment in job applications if they still have n't had their first child ? 
  i mean i have a college degree now , in the field that i love because i was preferred above all the male applicants . 
  this job is something i really love to do , so of course i 'm really good at it too . 
  hence it 's not like it 's going to be a strain on the economy or anything to give it to me above all the equally qualified male applicants . 
  it might incentivize me to have a child faster though , so why not . 
  men will just have to take one more for the team , or more accurately , one more for the children . 
  maybe someone might say `` hey it 's not fair that women get all these special benefits and excemptions just because this might make them have a kid sooner !, 
  '' , but not to worry , someone will point out that this does n't have any negative impact on the economy and hey kids are more important to society than equality . 
  men are expendable , society only needs them for sperm a couple of times in their lives , why should we bother putting them on an equal footing with women ? 
  women are more important !, 
  and this is only off the top of my head . 
  i 'm sure economists can come up with all sorts of things we can give women excemptions and special treatment on so they 'll be slightly more inclined to have children . 
  personally , i find it rather weird that men are completely okay with this special treatment . 
  but hey if it 's okay with you to abandon equal requirements for men and women , let 's go for it . 
  after all , even with all these incentives it 's still my call to have my kid at whatever point i choose . 
  maybe i 'll just keep on enjoying my preferential treatment and do whatever i wanted to in the first place . 
  i 'm thinking i 'll wait until i 'm in a stable relationship and have a kid then , regardless of the other factors . 
  the only real restriction being , making sure that happens before the biological clock runs out on me . 
  but with all this help , that wo n't be much of a problem . 
  so , screw equality . 
  focus on giving women whatever society can bear to make them more inclined to have children . 
  we 've already advanced so far on that path in finland . 
  lets go even further , and what a brave new child-enriched world it is , that awaits us . 
  i do n't think that 'll have any effect on it . 
  as a woman , with rather many female friends who talk about having kids , i can tell you women have their kids when they 're in a stable relationship and they make sure they 're still young enough that there wo n't be any complications . 
  this is n't determined by what work requirements the government throws at them . 
  around age 28 , you 've had 10 years of adulthood and most likely time to meet some nice young man to marry . 
  no one 's going to want to have kids much later . 
  everyone knows 35 is when you start having trouble . 
  so for the general educated woman the age is between say 25-33 for the first child , which is often the only child people even want to have . 
  and that still leaves room for a second if you 're so inclined . 
  there is n't any way to push this back any further . 
  not unless medicine finds a way to make it safe to have kids later on , but nothing the government can do will effect this . 
  it 's a biological thing , and biology and not social policy will determine it . 
  so perhaps you should try less to find ways to control the female reproductive system and accept that the only reason women are n't made to do civilian service is because most people do n't want to do any service whatsoever ; and hence there 's no political will to restrict freedoms in any way more than what is absolutely necessary , thus women get off scot free and men have to bear the brunt . 
  are you finnish ? 
  in finland men get to choose between going to the army or going to do civilian service which means doing a job , a job for the government . 
  you get paid a tiny stipend for it , but you stay at home and go to work during the day . 
  many men elect this instead of going to the army . 
  so , men need to either go to the army for around 6 months or spend closer to 10 months doing free labour for the government ( yes usually it is working with the elderly or somesuch ) . 
  civilian service has nothing to do with army , there 's no shooting , no military training or any allocation for what you 'd do during wartime . 
  it 's purely a work service for the government . 
  you wo n't ever serve in the army if you elect civilian service , unless during wartime the government wants to pass some special law . 
  so , if men who elect not to join the army have to do this service for free for their country , i see no reason why women would n't have to do it too . 
  some men who want it and some women who want it already do military service . 
  but the rest of the men do civilian service and the rest of the women do nothing . 
  thus , equality demands that the women who do nothing right now , should put in the same amount of work for their country as the men . 
  so where do you think these women will be locked up during that civilian service that they do n't go home and have sex with their boyfriends / husbands during the evenings ? 
  working for free for the government in no way differs from working commercially or studying . 
  and lets remember , this is service you 'd have to do when you 're 18 , leaving high school . 
  do you really want me to start pulling statistics on what a tiny portion of women in finland really get pregnant and have the child when they 're 18 ? 
  this would have no effect on demographics whatsoever . 
  um , what the hell ? 
  i 'm not talking about wartime . 
  in wartime we could pass a special law to force everyone left behind to work in factories by a majority in the congress . 
  in wartime , do whatever you want . 
  but it is n't wartime now . 
  and this question is n't about war at all . 
  it 's about peacetime . 
  right now , right this moment , men have to do civilian service taking care of old people or some other governmental scutwork if they do n't elect to join the army . 
  why on earth should n't women have to do the exact same thing during peacetime as men ? 
  it 's not really relevant what you do with people during wartime , at that time it 's obvious we have to do whatever works best for the country . 
  let that be decided by the generals / politicians then , they know much better than either me or you . 
  but today there is no war , but there is compulsory civilian service for men who must push back accepting a place to study or some job because they need to perform free work service for the government . 
  have women do the exact same service , if civilian service really is that important to the country . 
  the finnish economy surely could use more free work , maybe we could get some of those welfare costs down while we 're at it . 
  which really has nothing to do with the whole thing , since both men an women should get equal leave from work during childbirth and childcare , in order to stay with their kid during the first year of it 's life . 
  i ca n't understand why this line still gets thrown out there by some politicians . 
  show me a man who would n't want to be there for their kid after having her grasp his hands for the first time . 
  it 's not just women who love their kids and it 's definitely not just women who raise them . 
  in many countries the maternal/paternal leave is already distributed equally so the parents can decide amongst themselves which one of them stays at home at which point . 
  ( this also helps gender discrimination in the workplace , where employers are hesitant to hire young women for fear they 'll immediatelly go on a long maternal leave ) . 
  see , but it 's not about wartime , it 's about the 6-months to a year every man `` loses '' from their lives since they have to plan for military or civilian service . 
  why do n't we have women invest the same amount of time as men in compulsory civilian service with the option of the physically fitter doing their service in the army ? 
  why is it only men who need to donate their free work for the government , why not women as well ? 
  how do any of those reasons conflict with women having to do civilian cervice instaed of military service , while donating as much free work for their country as all men do in civilian service ? 
  well if that 's not considered by feminists , then i 'd have to say it surely is considered by normal living breathing women . 
  i 'd be first in line advocating for any politician who was drafting laws making military or civilian service compulsory for women as well ( as well as signing up for it ) . 
  either no one has to serve or everyone has to equally , according to their physical abilities . 
  so why not have all women have to do civilian service with the possibility of electing military service if you can pass the physical requirements ? 
  it 's free work for the state ( exactly as the men have to perform now ) and then at least it the service would be equal . 
  population of israel : 8,296,000 population of norway : 5,051,275 population of finland : 5,451,270 `` both israel and norway have small population . 
  in case of war they do n't have any chance if they do n't constript women '' looking at the numbers , would n't this same logic go doubly for finland , seeing as we 're an even smaller population than israel and just slightly bigger than norway ? 
  you do understand that i 'm not advocating for women to be forced to join the army ( or the army to be `` forced '' to admit them ) ? 
  women already serve in the finnish military voluntarily and the army as far sa i 've understood has n't had that many problems accommodating them . 
  what i 'm saying is , if men are required to devote a part of their adult life for service , either civilian or military , then women should have to do the same . 
  of course , most of them would most likely pick civilian service , just because the idea of joining the army doubless does n't appeal to all that many of them , but in that case they 'd equally have to sacrifice their work for this country , just like every man here . 
  it 's not like there 's a shortage of work in finland that could n't use the input of the other 50 % of our population . 
  also , i must say i find the argument about men being completely disposable rather riddiculous , unless you assume human beings reproduce via parthenogenesis . 
  we can argue about jesus or zoroaster , but otherwise there is always male component needed in the process . 
  and suggesting the government has some `` lets have this small group of men working day an night to repopulate finland '' - plan going , well then we 're talking about entirely different human rights issues . 
  and once again , i 'm not suggesting all women have to suddenly join the army , i 'm suggesting women having to donate the exactly same amount of time as men do for serving their country . 
  this a thousand times !, 
  why on earth does my brother have to donate his time to this country either in civilian service or by learning to shoot a rifle , when i just by the luck of being born female need to do none of these things ? 
  either every human being born in finland should be required to serve a portion of their adulthood , or then none of them . 
  the current situation is in an affront to fundamental rights and equality under the law , and it gets my goat every time politicians talk about `` military or civilian service being character building for men '' as if they were some different species that needs that sort of thing to function as normal members of society . 
  yes , in the nordic countries the student benefit comes with 3 personal servants that manage every aspect of our households from doing our laundry to taking care of our taxes .
