  ( however unlikely that in reality might be . ), 
  what many need to realize that many middle-eastern folks came to europe to escape the oppressive climate of their own countries and want to be treated like fellow countrymen instead of suspects . 
  they know best themselves the way islam has stifled development in their countries and often are the first to distance themselves from that . 
  so instead of letting exaggerated threats run rampant , i hope we could tackle the real issue with radical islam and embrace the people who have no connection to it . 
  yes , and that 's why intelligent accurate criticism of islam needs to take the stage from bigots , the ( usually ) right wing movements who most often have ties to christianity and really are based on xenophobia or just do n't like immigrants taking jobs away from ` insert european country ' natives . 
  there 's a lot of that going around outside this subreddit . 
  and it should anger everyone since it 's not based on facts . 
  it 's what 's making it harder to point out the faults in islam , which really needs to be done . 
  hahaha . 
  i was going to say we 'll still have rutabaga , but looks like that stuff 's from your guys too :(, 
  hahaha . 
  i was going to say we 'll still have rutabaga , but looks like that stuff 's from your guys too :(, 
  what i see is a bunch of people agreeing that islam should be treated no different than any of the other religions whose teachings infringe on human rights . 
  if this is right wing in your opinion , then you seem to have a strange concept of what goes for right wing . 
  the reason why islam is picked out of the holy trinity of religions is that it 's fundamentalism is more publicised than christianity 's . 
  that and the fact that the parts where you can find a lot of fundamentalist muslims are a lot closer to europe than the parts where you can find a lot of fundamentalist christians . 
  obviously we 're concerned about those fundamentalists shipping over here with all the completely decent and liberal muslims and then working their magic on the alienated youth in major european cities . 
  i 'll say again , calling all muslims fundamentalists is as stupid as calling all criticism of islam racism . 
  anything that infringes on human rights needs to be called out and opposed , be it some variety of islam , christianity or any other authoritarian ideology . 
  if you keep your religion to yourself , you 'll have no problem with europe and europe will have no problem with you . 
  now if we only got this to work with christians as well . . 
  that 's why christianity needs to be called out on it just as strongly as islam . 
  okay so because that 's a religious rite , doing that is okay ? 
  y' know what , people look at what someone 's doing not what it 's supposed to represent symbolically . 
  that 's exactly the reason circumcision is ruled a violation of the child 's rights . 
  what does it matter what it 's supposed to represent ? 
  what it * is * , is mutilating a child for no good medical reason . 
  if you want to mutilate yourself , go ahead , but doing it to someone who 's not capable of consent , is illegal . 
  oh , and also , the passion of the christ * is * a snuff movie . 
  no , what we 're supposed to be doing is judging christianity by the bible , islam by the koran and the hadith and judeism by the torah . 
  muslims just like any other people , are good people , i 'm sure . 
  what we 're having a problem with is that anyone 's freedom of religion stops at the human rights of the person next to them . 
  if islam deals with that the way christianity has learned to deal with it then there is no problem . 
  all authoritarian ideologies have the tendency to infringe human rights , yet they do n't do this in any sort of a consistent fashion . 
  if you do n't and keep your religion to yourself , then welcome to europe brother !, 
  but either way , expect to be subjected to criticism and discourse regarding your beliefs , and you 're also expected to defend yourself , not cry racism and intolerance at every turn . 
  calling all criticism of islam racism is just as ignorant as calling all muslims terrorists or as extreme as the worst fundamentalists . 
  accurate aim and correct claims from both sides is what 's needed here . 
  actually , when you look at the texts of the three big religions , they 're full of supposed exemplary people being absolute dicks . 
  the reason so few religious people act the way their holy books command them to , is because they do n't take their cues from there . 
  they find their morals and guidance from their evolved social conscience and caring towards their fellow man . 
  dicks tend to be dicks regardless . 
  nice guys tend to be nice regardless of the liberal tint of religion they were subjected to as a kid . 
  but confusing a nice guy so much as to make him believe being a dick is actually a good thing , that takes a convincing ( divine ) authority . 
   people wonder why it 's taboo to discuss the negative parts of islam . 
  this thread is a perfect example of why it is . 
  because it always boils down to mindless near-white-supremacy bashing . 
  this thread is a perfect example of one thing ; most here agreeing that all indoctrination of children with clearly untrue stories is bad . 
  and calling all religions out on this , not forgetting islam , is what 's called for . 
  you can criticize the religion without criticizing the person . 
  most of us have had some sort of religion hammered into our minds in our childhood and it 's a process to get rid of it . 
  the difference between sects of islam and christianity is that islam is younger and it tends to be less on the liberal theology 's ` intepreting the texts in a way that recognizes human rights ' - side . 
  now when religion crosses this border , it needs to be immediatelly criticized and opposed . 
  just like with every other ideology that infringes on our basic rights as human beings ; all principally authoritarian ideologies have that same tendency . 
  sometimes religions are more liberal and do n't cause clear harm to anyone , that 's when it would be infringing on those people 's rights to restrain them . 
  believing in your own religion is completely fine and protected , just as long as your holy commands stop at the rights of other human beings . 
  that 's the society we 've established in europe , for the good of all our citizens , and that 's the way it should work with european islam as well . 
  key is to separate the belief from the people . 
  belief is n't something you 're born with like the colour of your skin . 
  it 's something that 's the result of years and years of indoctrination . 
  now you can perfectly well criticize the particular religion without it having anything to do with the person who happens to believe it . 
  most of us , after all have had some sort of religion drilled into us and losing it can be a long process . 
  anyone who confuses being anti-islam with being anti-muslim is either doing or understanding it very wrong . 
  as long as islam takes it 's written fables as liberally as christians take their corresponding ones in europe , there 's no problem . 
  when anyone of any religion starts taking their holy books out and waving them arround , then there 's a problem . 
  if you 're a muslim , keep it to yourself and do n't get up in arms about racism or bigotry when the secular community points out the shortcomings of your specific sort of fairy-worship , then i should think you 'd have no problem with europe and europe will have no problem with you . 
  oh do n't count out europe yet , we still have some crazies left that put jesus in their relief-packages . 
  this is true and far too rarely recognized , since we want to be respectful and are afraid of appearing bigoted . 
  the problem is , telling the truth is n't bigoted . 
  all the three works of fiction have their viscious and harmful passages , created in an age of ignorance and brutality , yet our of these three the koran clearly shines out as the worst of the bunch . 
  and unfortunately it 's also the one most often taken as literal truth these days . 
  all three need to be called out for what they are , and muslims should be accorded no extra favours just because they 've been victims of racism . 
  hear hear !, 
  this sort of no true scotsman annoys me the most . 
  the problem with islam is n't that some muslims are terrorists ( though this is an unfortunate by-product of believing in an unquestionable authority ) , the fundamental problem lies in the teachings of islam , the koran , the hadith and the rest . 
  what is found in those books ( like the things that are found in the bible ) are fundamentally opposed to the western way of life . 
  they are , there 's no getting around it . 
  so either muslims do like christians and forsake their teachings in favour of liberal theology , or get ready for some harsh and accurate critisism from their fellow european citizens who wo n't stand for the violation of those rights and liberties each generation of us has upheld and expanded . 
  you 're probably getting it from asshole finns that need a plug between them and eastern europe to point at and say ` nono , look , that 's the third world ' . 
  hey brits , at least you have a cuisine !, 
  all we have is a couple of weird seasonal desserts , potatoes and stuff that originates from sweden . 
  it 's beautiful . 
  and it will be even more so , the day that light will shine on environmentally friendly energy sources . 
  interesting , i ca n't find this article anywhere on the finnish side . 
  i guess it wo n't be news to us until it actually becomes legal . 
  anyways , a cheer for us when it does !, 
  yea okay true i did n't count that as a mental illness . 
  i 've heard some talk about that too , but i have n't ever heard of any more substantial proof . 
  had he had advanced enough syphilis to cause him to order the mass destruction of the jews ( and he had this in the back of is head pretty early on ) , i doubt he 'd 've made even the poor commander he actually was during the war . 
  but yea , he just did n't mind the killing i guess . 
  was n't it nice to make the mandatory hitler discussion this reasonable ? 
  that 's to be judged on an individual basis . 
  if they have a recognized mental illness that impairs your judgement , then you 're insane . 
  otherwise you 're not . 
  evaluating criminal insanity is n't something you can do to groups . 
  i 've personally read a bit about hitler and i do n't remember anyone making a credible statement that he had a mental illness , aside from the allegations of him being homosexual , which definitely is n't a mental illness anymore . 
  he might 've been a sociopath , but that does n't mean he did n't know what he was doing . 
  y' know what , i wrote a whole long response to this and realized it 's just not necessary . 
  this should illustrate the fundamental difference in our views nicely . 
  you have lower wages here in finland ?
