  that 's the point though . 
  when more than half of people realize gods are like other mythical creatures , there 's no need to any enforcing . 
  i think the concept of ` enforcing ' is completely alien to the idea of atheism . 
  that is , questioning authority and using critical faculties on any dogma that 's being put forward . 
  atheism does n't need to be enforced , because it 's based on the proposition that every thinking person when looking at the scientific facts realizes that no gods are necessary and there 's no evidence for any . 
  after that if you still feel like believing in a deity , well that 's your own business ( and right ) . 
  other people , however , have the right to think it 's foolish of you to believe in something that you can present no evidence for . 
  making atheism mandatory as opposed to a conclusion everyone freely comes to , is an oxymoron . 
  the essence of atheism is ' i find no evidence , therefore i will act as if this does n't exist , until proven otherwise . ', 
  you ca n't ever give positive evidence for it . 
  as said , you 'll always need to remain open for the possibilty of being proved wrong . 
  that makes for a pretty lousy dogma . 
  true . 
  and most importantly even people from the countryside are becoming a lot less religious . 
  that 's pretty much the only place where a significant amount of people go to church even on special occasions . 
  i have to say i was very encouraged by a recent news piece about how only half of the kids in the capital area are getting baptized anymore , maybe that 's the one you 've read as well . 
  not that getting baptized matters that much here , especially if we pass the ` ethics and world religions for all instead of teaching everyone their own religion ' - reform that 's being planned . 
  that could cut the cultural christianity we have pretty efficiently if people actually learn something about the other religions around the world , more than just a couple of hours in secondary school . 
  and maybe we 'd criticise islam more accurately after that too . 
  i think the ` it 'd maybe be nice if there was something , but no one can really ever know ' , sort of mentality is a good goal for finland ( as opposed to some sort of very strident atheism ) , since it seems to be inherent to us and does n't come with any harmful dogmas like the ones even our church is struggling with , not to even speak of the revieval movements . 
  if we could just get the lutheran church to chuck the bible once and for all and just say ` we think it 'd be nice if there was some sort of being , but rather than focusing on worshiping it or interpreting its will , we 'll instead work on aiding the poor and elderly folks in our communities ' , would n't that just be a nice outcome for everyone ? 
  seems like finland still has some work to do to catch up to the rest of scandinavia . 
  do n't worry guys . 
  we 're working hard at it . 
  thank darwin it 's not finland this time !, 
  tbh , it 's the belief that there 's any omnipotent force anywhere that 's watching you and judging you based on your actions and * thoughts * . 
  the sooner people learn to be accountable to themselves and no mysterious authoritatian powers , whose will no one can really know , the sooner we 'll have a real reason based understanding and coversation about this world and what needs to be done to make it a better place for all of us . 
  that 's interesting , i really was n't aware that there 's any major differences between the systems . 
  i mean , it makes perfect sense though given how much our education ministry 's always changing around the subject matters and hour requirements for primary and secondary school . 
  just a couple a weeks ago they cut primary school lessons on religion and added them to gym and natural sciences . 
  y' know i 'll look into the swedish system , this made me feel pretty uneducated . 
  really ? 
  i think our schools focuse a lot more on natural sciences than the social sciences . 
  also relative to say other central european education systems that tend to emphasize more literature and social sciences . 
  ( not to put down any of you guys , it 's just that you actually have a long history of achievement in the literary field so it 's worth some study . ), 
  yea , though , the americans do have one quality we could stand to emulate , they never give up trying even when things look their darkest . 
  um , the quote was what hypowombat said to you . . 
  you hit gold with that last one . 
  norway 's still great though . 
  it 's like finland except you guys actually have ` mountains ' . 
  i would n't necessarily say so , not with all the krp ( national bureau of investigation ) investigations and the bandidos and the cannonball cases that 've been in court lately . 
  they deal with drug trafficing and other violent crime , and rather few people realize that they do have some influence in businesses especially in the capital area . 
  then of course there 's the gray economy related to the construction business with cheap estonian labour , but that 's another thing . 
  we certainly do . 
  still it was only 20 % of the people who voted for our only anti-euro or europe party and now their support has dropped to under 15 % , i think there 's a silent majority that wants to avoid a depression and still trusts our politicians to do what 's right . 
  we had a real scare in the early 90s and i think that 's still in the memory of a lot of the older folks . 
  most importantly , the effects of the crisis have n't really reached finland yet . 
  our economic growth has stopped , but the average person on the street is n't really feeling it . 
  it 's been rehashed in the news , but i doubt many people think anything 's going to drastically change . 
  it 'll just go on like it always has before . 
  so , some people complain vocally , but most just ignore it and go on with their lives . 
  though , this is also a cause to the false belief that a european depression wo n't affect finland . 
  i ca n't really claim any omniscient knowledge about the finnish mentality , but i do think it 's a bit different with finland than sweden , because we 're already in the think of it and there 's not that much for people to do about it . 
  they 're waiting to see what the politicians come up with . 
  also , in all fairness , it is quite likely given all the planets we 've discovered recently , that there is life somewhere else in our galaxy , not to speak of the universe . 
  so we ca n't at least rule out the existence ufos , though the fact that any would have actually visited us seems rather unlikely . 
  and , in the short range of course , i do n't think there 's going to be any democratic changes . 
  though , one needs to remember that the deals made right now are made by the democratically elected representatives of our governments in the eu summits . 
  we do n't exactly hold referendums on the things our governments decide in domestic policy either . 
  and most of this deals with financial policy . 
  americans do n't get to vote on what the fed does either , we just vote on whether the politicians did the right thing in the next parliamentary elections . 
  perhaps the problem is exactly that the decisions are made by politicians that have n't been voted on to specifically deal with these eu-related issues . 
  but just like with the treaty of lisbon , there 's going to be more institutional changes towards the parliament having more control in the legislation ( since this is what the eu does the most ) and i can see it structurally developing more towards an american model ( two chambers , less representatives , less bureaucracy ) . 
  the main democracy-deficit is with the commission and its leadership . 
  this should be addressed in further treaties , but changing those is of course going to take years . 
  i think there 's hopeful news too . 
  greece 's elected government , that 's vowing to implement the bailout rules , just received a vote of confidence . 
  i think that 's a good sign , it proves the greeks even in this dire situation wanted to work to stay in the euro and reform their country ; a triumph of democracy if there ever was one . 
  and on the banking union and bailout plans , well , we do n't really know what they 'll be like yet . 
  they were being very vague on what the june summit accomplished . 
  losses are jointly assumed , but we do n't know yet whether the banks ' shareholders will bear the most of them or whether they 'll be full on the taxpayers . 
  and we do n't know yet what the ecb 's supervision is going to be like either . 
  in fact i 'd be more inclined to think that if they instituted the regulatory framework needed to insure that banks wo n't incur unrealistic levels of at-risk debt and that national governments will have to balance their budgets and stop solving the problem by issuing more bonds at unsustainable prices , it would be best to make the ecb the lender of last resort and that way stop the rising interest rates on government bonds , thereby stopping the spread of the debt crisis . 
  i doubt using the efsf and the esm will be sufficient to calm the markets , and anyways they do n't have the same sort of powers as a central bank does . 
  but there 's going to be more negotiations , since it definitely is n't last call yet . 
  well the eu could use an overhaul of it 's political system , perhaps more in line of the american model , and having so many languages certainly makes it more of a challenge . 
  i think the legal and bureaucratical framework has actually worked quite well considering . 
  there 's always a question of enabling direct democracy in choosing the leaders of the commission etc , but with time , we might even be able to achieve something like the ease that currently exists in america where they do n't suspect some states of trying to control all the others when political nominations are concerned . 
  we just need some more trust in each other and the common project , i think . 
  i would n't mind belonging to a nordic union in the european union . 
  it 'd be like an onion , in layers . 
  want to buy electric cars !, 
  oh i wish we offered this sort of thing too . 
  here the trains are just late . 
  we 're happy to have you if you want us . 
  no i do n't think they chose their sexuality . 
  not anymore than i did . 
  however , the difference between pedofiles , zoophiles and corpophiles in your list is that pedofilia and zoophilia is n't sexual conduct between too consenting partners , as children and animals lack the ability to consent to sexual conduct with an adult human . 
  coprophilia as far as i understand it is a spexific sexual fetish that does n't discriminate between sexual orientation . 
  therefore coprophiles , whilst not really belonging to the same classification as sexual orientations , and homosexuals in your list are the only ones entitled to hold a parade . 
  i have n't ever heard of a coprophile parade , but i certainly defend their rights to hold one . 
  ` i do n't see , if you go all in like you suggest , how you can not sign away several percent of you gdp for the foreseeable future . ' i agree . 
  there is going to be a cost no matter what . 
  i still think it 's going to be a lesser cost to rebuild the southern european economies , than what it 's going to be if we let them default . 
  especially since while rebuilding them , there wo n't be a fall as deep and a recovery as long as it would otherwise be . 
  and all of europe is going to have to bear the cost together . 
  of course , the countries with stronger economies and aaa ratings are going to take the brunt of it , but there 's no real scenario in which we they end up getting shafted . 
  ` if they were , people would be outraged and refuse . ' perhaps this is being optimistic , but i think if clearly explained the situation and given the choice more people would choose as i do . 
  the problem with the looming depression is that no one can really know how bad it 'll end up being . 
  it 's bad , but there 're so many continuances especially when the usa is put into the mix that it 's just impossible to estimate .
