  well , go to spain , you 'll get paid even less . 
  then again , the local expenditure level in different countries tends to vary also . 
  i know a lot of export businesses are really enjoying the low value of the euro . 
  just like the us 's been benefitting from it in their export for ages . 
  the euro is made badly ? 
  yes it is , definitely . 
  that 's why we need to immediatelly fix the problem with the ecb 's mandate and make us all responsible for each other 's debts . 
  we 're spending all our hard earned cash on southern europe 's debts ? 
  great finally we can do something worthwhile with our tax dollars since here we just use them to build more concert halls and sports stadiums , that no one 'll even use . 
  maybe we can actually get southern europe to the same sort of living standard as us and that might do something beneficial for their wages as well . 
  having free passage between the european countries is great ? 
  yes it is unbelievably flippin ' great . 
  one of the greatest achievements in european history . 
  would n't change that thing for the world . 
  being a member of the eu allows finland to do much more ? 
  my yes that 's absolutely true . 
  and instead of fucking that let 's embrace it , because i want europe instead of china to compete with the usa for the next mission to mars . 
  and i 'd rather the eu stayed away from funding companies that make cellphone games in the first place . 
  maybe allocate the money to some fundamental science research instead . 
  y' know that thing that gives us all these derivatives we now use to play those angry birds with . 
  and oh my dear nature , we 're getting an influx of undereducated workers . 
  well looks like we * finally * solved that problem of no one wanting to work low wage jobs in retirement homes taking care of that massive population of the elderly we 're soon going to have . 
  open the floodgates , otherwise there 'll be no one here who wants to clean up my office !, 
  especially if they 're black . 
  we do n't have enough of black people here . 
  now this is somewhat a caricature , but what you wrote was a bit on the edge too , so i hope you wo n't feel insulted . 
  they probably slept through ` history of european integration ' . 
  it can be a bit dry sometimes . 
  all well said . 
  i believe this same sort of discussion and outrage would erupt anywhere in europe . 
  some people do n't like to pay to help others . 
  and the further away those other people are , the less amenable they are to helping them . 
  and add to that the fact that we 're not helping anyone directly , but the governments and the financial markets . 
  it 's so easy to hate on the spaniards or the italians when you have nothing to do with them . 
  i wish we could get something like the daily show in america to launch in europe , and to explain important news in the european countries in a comical yet informative way . 
  those sort of things just bring people together . 
  especially the young people who do n't much care for our mainstream news . 
  also , like weks already said , i do n't see us leaving the euro . 
  some people protest , but the general opinion is just to wait and see . 
  the true finns , who 're referred to in this article have lost some of their popularity due to their achieving nothing ( in actual parliamentary work ) and their scandalous behaviour . 
  it 's a race between our right wing party and the social democrats right now and they 're also the two main government parties . 
  so we ca n't really call what the government is doing unpopular . 
  also paavo v\u00e4yrynen is a complete joke everywhere outside of lapland , amusing to see him referred to as an elder statesman . 
  besides the obvious economic benefits , there 's a cultural aspect . 
  for some of us smaller countries it would mean losing an important connection to europe and retreating into a more isolationist world with many more barriers . 
  i mean , perhaps it does n't matter that much to germany or france , they 're the heart of this idea of europe . 
  that can never be taken away from them . 
  for us in the perifery , it 's different . 
  it means something to be part of something bigger than just 5 million people . 
  it 's like when you tell an american kid , one day they could grow up to become the president of the most powerful country in the world . 
  the whole world is open to them , they 're born in america and they could do anything . 
  a kid from finland could never have had that sort of dreams before . 
  but with the eu , perhaps we can . 
  and i 'm not talking about having a decent middle class life , there 's more to life than that . 
  i 'm talking about the stuff that motivates us to surpass our limits and dream of a better tomorrow . 
  finland does n't make astronauts , we ca n't build super colliders . 
  but together with europe , we can do all those things . 
  and even though the euro is n't directly linked to that , losing the battle with is the same as losing any other battle to the anti-european movement ; losing one more tie to being able to achieve something more . 
  there 's a big difference between favouring your own race and hating all the other races . 
  stances , which they are able to change with new or different information , but are extremely hesitant to do so . 
  such is the power of indoctrination . 
  yes jante 's probably a large part of it in scandinavia . 
  i 'm in law school here and i was recently involved in a project to form a startup with a bunch of history students using their knowledge in various fields and i was struck by how they were so proud of how they were never going to make big bucks , it was like a matter of honour for them . 
  and the prospect of actually turning a profit seemed alien and intimidating . 
  also , i guess there has to be some interdisciplinary pride here as well , but they were proud of not knowing anything about law or economics , because they were n't supposed to , you leave that sort of stuff to ` the practical people ' . 
  there 's a whole structure of thought about how research that has no clear monetary worth is intrinsically more valuable exactly because it 's not perpetrated for financial gain , but solely for the purpose of increasing our understanding . 
  now this probably would n't be as blatant in fields more traditionally affiliated with enterprise , but i can very well see this sort of thinking occurring in the natural sciences as well . 
  maybe this is a bit different further south . 
  i mean , at least i doubt they have the same sort of apprehensions about wealth as we do , but i still think we 're almost strangely similar to one another on this point all over europe , no matter what sort of backgrounds our countries have . 
  maybe it 's just the general way our societies are more in tune with social democracy than america 's is ? 
  i think it stands to say capitalism is a worse word here than socialism , and that influences everyone from early on . 
  i agree with your general idea , but i 'll point out that the same thing exists in finland too and we have n't had a strong church academia or a socialist mindset from an education viewpoint . 
  it 's just that making money is not considered as something great or worth striving to over all else , in general . 
  having it is nice , but you 're not allowed to boast with it . 
  that 's just rude and arrogant . 
  i think this too is a cultural thing , it 's more about the workers anger against the greedy industrialists , than the church or anything like that . 
  and of course the nobles scoffing the upstart bourgeoisie with their delusions of grandeur . 
  in the university world , this is mostly reflected in the more humanist subjects , but also a bit with the natural sciences . 
  ( i do n't have experience of middle european universities , but i 'd wager it happens less than it does there , and even this is very sufficient . ), 
  it 's just not okay for a professor to be a businessman , they 're sleezy and untrustworthy . 
  academia is for the pursuit of knowledge , the elevation of the mind . 
  making money is something for those saps going to business school , those who have no conscience . 
  you know i do n't think they 're being discussed that much here yet , they 're just thrown around sometimes in the media as a french idea , i think the explanation that 's been thrown around has been pretty much ` the south gets to bank on our strong economies to get low borrowing costs and we have to foot the bill . ', 
  all in all , as the crisis still seems far away for us , most people probably think something like this : ` germany 's doing a good job demanding stricter policies in the south , that 's good , but it 's not like it really matters what we think since we 're a country of 5 million and the parliament will approve everything that comes out of brussels , good or bad . ', 
  and i think there 's a vibe that germany wants to rule the eu , because it 's the strongest economy , and wants to dictate terms to everyone else , it just happens that right now those terms are favourable to us . 
  we just recently had a poll here which said a bit over 2/3 of finns want to keep the euro . 
  i was actually a bit surprised at how many germans want to go back to the dmark , but then again that was a much stronger currency than ours ever was , and they 're paying a lot more . 
  i 'd actually love to hear some dutch views on this too . 
  i sort of guessed what austria was going to sound like , but the netherlands are perhaps far enough from germany to have a more independent streak like most finns . 
  i recently talked to some older folks about germany and it soon became apparent that a lot of their misgivings were due to anxiety and guilt about their parents having fought in the war beside the nazis . 
  something that i doubt would even occur to the younger generation . 
  they just could n't see past germany as somehow suspect and having dissimilar interests , which i think is similar to how we generally view russia today . 
  anyway , i thought i 'd share , since i was quite surprised to see this sort of thing was still present and influencing people 's opinions about europe and german policies in particular . 
  yea , you almost want to apologize , but that 'd just make the whole thing even more awkward . 
  way too much intimacy . 
  oh so true !, 
  i ca n't remember the last time i actually handed the money to the cashier . 
  i mean , sure i usually use my credit card , but i do n't even hand them those ` bonus cards ' or whatever . 
  and the metro in helsinki 's been closed off this week due to construction and all everyone 's done all week is complain about how you need to be so close to other people while riding the bus ; this coupled with nostalgic musings about the cool scarcely packed metro trains where , with a little luck , you can have the whole bench for yourself . 
  i 'm definitely going to share this remark with someone next time i 'm talking about finnish church attendance .
