  hah , tbh lutfisk tastes just awful too . 
  how ` bout we just have some good old christmas ham . 
  though hey , no lutfisk ever looked this appetizing http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/m%c3%a4mmi, 
  it 's probably something new , it 'll spark a few rounds of comments . 
  hmm too bad i usually just read news like this from finnish yle and foreign politics from bbc , but the swedish articles even on hbl 's site really seem to be smaller and less descriptive then the finnish ones on yle . 
  at least hbl has some comments though , 
  yep , it 's a bit hard to find anything useful , but svenska yle should report it if there 's something going on . 
  the parliament 's on summer vacation now so they 're not issuing statements that much and there has n't been all too much coverage on the eu crisis lately . 
  except for the huge ` urpilainen misstolkades i internationella medier ' on the front page . 
  hbl focuses a bit too much on things relevant to svenskfinland for my taste , but the internet version 's more balanced . 
  once the bailout train starts moving again there 's sure to be more action . 
  yes , it 's going to be interesting to see how the situation with the ecb 's mandate is going to develop now that france is leaning left again . 
  it seems to me europe stands to gain also from having france and germany share differing views so other ideas than just the austerity plan can get a strong voice behind them . 
  and i 'm definitely not going to make the argument that finland 's it boom did n't largely benefit from favourable circumstances in europe , you 're right that this is rarely recognized here . 
  we just worked real hard and suddenly it happened . 
  also seems to me that even with all the problems in the us with their constitutional division of power , the european institutions could stand to imitate them more . 
  a system where we elect separate politicians to the eu and to our local government would do a lot to make the eu less confusing to people . 
  it never fails to amaze me how complicated it is even after we 're taught it in a multitude of situations . 
  i think having our ministers running in and out from the eu just makes people wonder why they 're not ` in parliament where they 're supposed to be ' . 
  and if we had 2 senators from each country with actual powers , these posts would attract a lot more experienced politicians than what eu-posts have to date . 
  the real problem lies with having eu-wide direct elections . 
  if we elected some sort of president , where all europe would get to pick from candidates ( put forth by the ep ? 
  ) , then it 'd add a lot of legitimacy to the whole project . 
  not to speak of how personal elections always bring out more interest than parliamentary ones . 
  it would be an all-european spectacle . 
  like eurovision , but less flashy . 
  and sweden probably would n't win as much . 
  but we 'd need a system in place there too , with a majority of votes and a majority of the member states being in favour of a candidate . 
  otherwise the smaller countries would balk . 
  maybe the problem could be resolved with that dreaded electoral college . 
  watching europe trying to agree on the rules , not to even speak of the candidates , would be something . 
  it is sad that politicians are almost encouraged to lie to us , just to sell these bailouts to the people . 
  but really , what 's the alternative to bailing them out ? 
  letting them default ? 
  politicians should dare tell us how things really are instead of sugarcoating it . 
  if the only way to save the economy is to bail out the banks they should have the backbone to tell us this and to tell us the real numbers . 
  the lack of transparency with these dealings is just causing more people to lose what little faith they had in the politicians . 
  and it should be made clear to all european citizens that the banks getting these bailouts will be put under stern regulation afterwards , this should n't be a free lunch for them . 
  we ca n't do anything about what 's already happened , but we can do something about what 'll happen in the future . 
  i do n't want this crisis to happen again , but if we make changes , we also have to make some sacrifices . 
  and people should n't be lied to about that . 
  i appreciate real arguments . 
  and if you do have them , you clearly do n't belong to the ` shout out of their asses ' category . 
  i 'm talking about the people who do n't take the time to learn anything about the eu , they just know it 's bad and that it 's bad to give any money to someone else for any reason whatsoever . 
  politics is about compromizes , that 's how you avoid disasters . 
  all of your points hold true in my opinion . 
  there should be unified control with jurisdiction to act over budgets and the financial sector in all of europe , so these sort of cycles never end up threathening the european economy with this much harm . 
  maybe the world changes too fast for people , but there 's no going back to the cold war times . 
  our economies are only going to get more intervowen , and so are our lives with information technology . 
  i hope we will have courage to push for a stronger fiscal and political union as a result of this crisis . 
  no half-handed measures but real integration and democratic reforms , we do n't need our kids to have to deal with same situation that we ended up not being able to handle . 
  it 's good to know those german tax payer euros are well spent . 
  the worst possible scenario for the finnish state and all other european states is one several of the bigger european states such as spain or italy defaulting on their debts . 
  without the bailouts this would most definitely happen and cripple the whole european economy . 
  finland 's economy still depends heavily on exports which make up nearly 37 % of our bkt . 
  and over half of our foreign trade is inside the european union . 
  there are many roads which lead to the finnish state having to adopt austerity measures . 
  unfortunately , this seems to be often forgotten in our public discussion on the subject . 
  and i would hate to see politicians pander to constituents without explaining what their decisions really hinge on . 
  `` if risks and their consequences want to be pooled together with other countries , then there also needs to be pooling of decision making and execution power . '', 
  this exactly . 
  stronger european control on the finances and policies of the eurozone , and to every possible extent of all the 27 countries , is definitely something we should not shy away from . 
  finland with its already tight budget legislation will not be forced into any unnecessary cuts in our spending . 
  it 's in finland 's best interest to institute similar controls all over europe so we wo n't have to face another meltdown 30 years from now . 
  we ca n't allow poor governance in some european states to continually cause disruptions in the economy , not if we can fix it right now . 
  as time passes , our markets are only going to get more interdependent , not less . 
  the lack of cultural integration causes the eu only to act only with last ditch measures , but now that we 're here every option needs to be considered , not only what will bring relief in the immediate future . 
  if the eurobonds , given their negative consequences , end up being the only way to save the eurozone , we need to seriously weigh all their possible benefits against our qualms about finland having to pay for the mismanagement of economies that were n't so closely linked to ours in the past . 
  in two extremes , we can either come out of this crisis fragmented and weakened or strengthened and united . 
  hopefully , some sort of middle road is achieved . 
  transferring political power needs to come with adopting more democratic measures in choosing the leadership of the eu institutions , hopefully this would come with a heightened coverage of european matters in all countries and correspond to a heightened interest in european elections . 
  a way to go would be democratically choosing the leadership of the commission perhaps with a two tier system allowing more involvement from the smaller , less populated countries . 
  either way without the transfer of power to clearly democratically elected representatives in the eu , acrimony against the system is only going to grow . 
  yea and not just internet forums , you ca n't look at the comments in yle ( basically our svt , everyone uses it for news ) in any europe related article ( and sometimes even others ) without seeing dozens of people complaining about finland going bankrupt because all our money gets sent to southern europe to pay for those freeloaders . 
  our main news channel for everyone who does n't feel like reading bbc !, 
  you just want to beat your head to the wall . 
  i wish someone 'd do a study on these people to see why they hate so much . 
  i 'm almost in favour of mandatory high school for everyone , but i 'm not sure if even that would help . 
  well y' know greece is a bottomless pit of that feeds on our hard earned money that could be going towards health care and social security or building a new hockey stadium !, 
  the southern europeans corrupt even corruption , they 're all swindlers like the guy who stole my wallet when i was there on vacation !, 
  plus i 'm sure there 's muslims there , those violent criminal muslims that try to turn every country into an islamic republic . 
  they take our women and they take our jobs !, 
  urpilainen is in a tight race with our right win party in the polls right now , for the first time in a long while , so she 's clearly just trying to appease the eurosceptic wing of the social democrats . 
  there 's no shortage of idiots here shouting out of their asses how finland is going bankrupt over all the money being showed into greece . 
  i especially love the part where they think finland made it out of our depression in the early 90s ` without any foreign aid whatsoever ' . 
  y' know i have n't seen any actual statistics on this , but just given the convictions for inciting hate against other nationalities they 've been getting , i would n't be at all surprised if this was true for the true finns as well . 
  it 's like that greek fellow punching that woman for calling him a fascist . 
  they just do n't dare do that so openly on these latitudes . 
  ramen brother . 
  i hate those birds . 
  and i hate how everyone 's making such of a big deal about them . 
  lets make real games like they do in sweden instead of this cellphone stuff that needs all that junk to turn a real profit . 
  do n't you just love it how they always call themselves democracy something or freedom something or true like ` true finns ' ? 
  way to desecrate all the great ideals we get to be proud of . 
  you should try m\u00e4mmi . 
  that shit is just . . 
  i bet cardboard tastes like that . 
  in all honesty , i thought that 's why it was called the god particle as well . 
  some sensationalized crap at the publisher 's office etc , but apparently it had a real story behind it . 
  til . .
