  i do n't know how we could manage without them , maybe we might just have to learn some self sufficiency . 
  definitely they are generally beneficial , and it 's a much more complicated issue than just saying `` let 's incarcerate people , that 'll do it ! '' . 
  i believe the trend in finland has been good for the country , even though it 's sometimes hard to know what factors are responsible for what outcomes . 
  the problem in my mind lies in the fact that i believe not all criminal offenses can be treated similarly according to the same petty-regular-aggrevated trichotomy and the rules regarding equal punishment across the board . 
  in finland we have a strong judicial tendency to sentence offenders closer to the minimum time instead of the maximum time made possible in the statutes . 
  it 's very hard for a judge to diverge from this guideline because of the maxims on equal and forseeable punishment ( again which are in general very good things ) . 
  unfortunately when it comes to sex crimes , this leads to results that seem to me to be very unreasonable for the victims . 
  also , i must add that my opinion on this matter is far more pessimistic than what 's prevalent in the legal profession , and i must also say that the inadequacies in our criminal justice system are a reason i switched away from that field . 
  but i know many people that would very much agree with me both on the fact that there is something wrong with the current situation and the fact that the systemic nature of the problem makes it very hard to fix . 
  ( much harder than politicians seem to think it is when they 're campaigning on this for office . ), 
  all in all , i find it a sad outcome that too often the justice we 're able to provide in these cases is far too little and far too late . 
  i actually think stuff like this is schools has made a big difference . 
  my generation that was in primary school right after joining the eu had all sorts of eu drawing paper and eu pens and eu colouring books with the stars on them . 
  as well as stories in our language reading books about how people need to recycle and care for the ailing environment . 
  those lessons seem to have stuck just fine with the generations that 've grown up with it . 
  unfortunately we 're still in our twenties so it 'll take more time until we make up a larger part of the electorate . 
  of course there 's always room to do more ( lets say a european tv-channel ) , but i think we 're getting there . 
  one step at a time , 
  just like america only has one single team in their football ? 
  sure . 
  we actually have an european anthem , we have european defence forces , are working on better military co-operation . 
  given that russia is next to us and not the us , that only sounds reasonable . 
  and i wonder what the people in this thread saying `` there is no european identity '' have to say to the millions of europeans that regard themselves as european instead of `` insert nation state here '' . 
  that their opinion does n't exist ? 
  both people that regard themselves as european and people that regard themselves as finnish/french/german inhabit europe , and most of us share both of those identities without any problems . 
  dude , he 's trolling . 
  there 's no reason to keep answering , though i admire your persistence . 
  he 's just going to pick some artificial point in time that suits him and argue from what happened back then . 
  yes and he reasons why are not necessarily talked about that openly . 
  or really questioned in the lecture series . 
  i 'd say the only time anyone really went into this during my years of study was when tapio lappi-sepp\u00e4l\u00e4 , who 's an expert from the former oikeuspoliittinen tutkimuslaitos , held his lectures on criminology . 
  most of our legal education on criminal law tends to be mass lectures and reading text books , and later on seminars about specific topics of interest that you 're writing your thesis on . 
  so the principles behind the ideas are pretty rarely touched upon , since explaining the very basics of criminal law is already difficult enough of a task . 
  and add to that , there 's such of a consensus here on the topic of `` a lower rate of incarceration being better '' that it rarely gets questioned . 
  it 's that people might just be reacting to the political chaos itself . 
  people generally do n't want chaos , they want stability and normalcy , a chance to continue to live their lives in peace with nothing surprising or stressfull happening . 
  i mean if this shit happened in finland , i 'd be ready to vote for a whole lot just to make the instability end immediatelly so i could get back to worrying about normal stuff like work and family . 
  i 'd wager that most danes right now think `` things are great the way they are , i do n't want any chaos !, 
  '' , and that 's a completely reasonable point of view to have . 
  that something might have benefits on the long term ( personally i do n't think it will , but still ) does n't always mean it 's the best thing to choose if it means you have to go through a lot of instability first . 
  instability means you 're even less likely to know what 'll end up happening in the long term once you 'll get in the end . 
  before this people probably thought you could leave the eu without this much chaos , britain has now changed their opinion . 
  so it 's very reasonable to change your opinion about leaving too . 
  both finland and dennmark recently asked people about eu referendums and leaving the eu and we both are at the 70 % mark for staying ( finland is even at 70 % for saying no to a referendum ) . 
  and in my opinion that 's all well and fine . 
  politics should n't be something that disrupts your life . 
  politics is about consensus and good government , not chaos . 
  to add my 2 cents , i 'd just say that it has a lot to do with out legal education as well , where the idea of lower sentences being better ( and keeping our rate of incarceration / 100 000 inhabitants low ) is ingrained in every successive generation of lawyers . 
  this point is something i usually do n't encounter when talking about the issue with non-lawyers , but it 's very significant since the judges handing out the sentences are just as much products of our law-schools as are the professors and other legal experts giving their opinions on proposed legislation ( and especially reforms of the criminal code ) . 
  the reasons you stated are primarily political reasons ( and realistic and true as such ) , but when finnish legislation is concerned , lawyers still have a big say in what changes are going to look like . 
  when discussing these things with members of the legal profession , you 'd find fast that what weighs a lot more are considerations about consistency within the code as a whole and equal administration of justice ( as well as the argument about the rate of incarceration ) . 
  on the whole , while every jurist is aware of the discrepancy between what the people deem just punishment and what the law code dictates , there 's great reluctancy to do anything about it . 
  the generation that holds the professorships in our universities today have spent their lives trying to lower our rate of incarceration to the level of other nordic countries . 
  they finally achieved it in the 90s and they 're not going to let that project fall in the near future . 
  unfortunately ( in my opinion ) this applies equally to sexual crimes . 
  it 's not as high as a third though , taloustutkimus did a poll on it and 69 % of people were against a referendum on the eu . 
  and in addition 70 % were against leaving the eurozone . 
  the numbers seem pretty clear to me , and to be honest not all that surprising either . 
  the only things this mess has brought forward are the reasons why the eu really is a good thing to have around . 
  i see people that never gave a rat 's ass post about it on their fb page like the eu was some cause celebre . 
  if anything the brexit has ( at least up to this point ) been great for the eu 's reputation in finland . 
  the insult was excellent though . 
  `` fucking bowlhead '' , sounds great in finnish , definitely going to use it next time i need to disparage someone . 
  i agree with you about both extremes , but i was talking about the merits of the finnish education system . 
  there are very few really talented people and really untalented people , but there are many mediocre people . 
  we 're not really spending that much money on either extreme and i admit we do have a shortage on special-ed teachers and there 's discussion on improving their education . 
  what we are spending money on , however , is the great mass of , for the lack of a better word , mediocre people . 
  the great masses of society who are neither complete idiots nor great thinkers . 
  this is the mass of people that 's the cornerstone of every functioning democracy , for the power in a republic rests in the people . 
  educating them should be out highest priority because they make up our electorate and govern the choices elected officials make for the allocation of resources . 
  you need not look far to see the immense problems an uneducated electorate can cause for government and for the preservation of their civil rights . 
  i 'm not saying diversity does n't matter . 
  it matters a great deal preventing conflicts in society . 
  but if you look at the results of the nordic countries , there 's other countries far more diverse that did a lot better than some of them . 
  and all the nordic countries are on a similar level of diversity , really . 
  give or take 50 000 immigrants , that really does n't change much . 
  there 's countries like britain on the list with far more of them than what any of we have , yet they beat denmark , norway and sweden ( which are n't even in the top 20 ) . 
  the discrepancy is just too wide for ethnic uniformity to be an explaining factor . 
  especially when the nordic countries really do have very different education systems . 
  what this proves is ` ethnicity helps , but the right education system matters far more than any ethnic uniformity ' . 
  and furthermore it shows that ethnic diversity can be overcome if you build up a good education system . 
  the question is that perhaps all boys and all girls are n't inherently different in the ways society says boys and girls are different and a lot of it is just learnt behaviour . 
  it 's not about making everyone the same , it 's about giving both sexes the opportunity to do stuff that 's generally perceived as ` the wrong thing to do ' for them . 
  i do n't think anyone 's forcing some kid who wants to play with monster trucks to play with dolls no matter what sex they are . 
  they just tell kids there 's nothing inherently unmanly about playing with dolls if you like that . 
  society does still have strong stereotypes about what the right thing to do is ( especially for men these days i think ) , and this sort of stuff tends to get emphasized a lot more in school where everyone 's unsure of themselves and tries to fit in . 
  it 's clear we have an issue , because if you are a girl who likes he-man or whatever , you 're a tomboy . 
  if you 're a boy who likes my little pony , you 're a faggot . 
  i do n't think that 's something that should be ignored . 
  that 's one measure . 
  i prefer the measure of an educated public which is vital to a functioning democracy . 
  the understanding of science and the humanities is essential when the people elect their representatives which then choose how resources are allocated in society . 
  we need not look far to see dispiriting examples of the effects of ignorance . 
  that and the intrinsic value of populace able to make more reasoned decisions overall , protecting their own civil rights by doing so . 
  preach my dear sir a crusade against ignorance , establish and improve the law for educating the common people . 
  let our countrymen know that the people alone can protect us from the evils of tyranny and despotism . 
  the tax which will be paid for this purpose is not more than the thousandth part of what will be paid to the kings , priests and nobles that will rise up among us if we leave the people in ignorance . 
  what held true then , still holds true today . 
  that comment section was even more horrible than what i 'm used to . 
  you just feel my\u00f6t\u00e4h\u00e4pe\u00e4\u00e4 .
