ah , i came here to see this and you beat me to it . 
  it 's quite common with sweden and norway too . 
  i do n't think we have this problem in finland ... 
  hijacking your comment for a tl ; dr : ** bersani won both the lower house and the senate elections . 
  ** in the lower house winning automatically gives you enough seats to get a majority , but in the senate you need to form a coalition . 
  even with the narrow win by bersani , he still does n't have enough seats for a majority together with monti . 
  problem is , they ca n't agree on a coalition and that means re-voting . 
  the only ones , in the current situation , that could agree are bersani and monti , so basically grillo or berlusconi either have to change their minds about co-operating with others or then italy votes again until bersani and monti ( or berlusconi ) get a majority . 
  watch live in italian : http://www.rainews24.rai.it/ran24/extra/elezioni2013/popup/, 
  so , any italians want to hazard a guess on whether bersani has any chance of forming a government with grillo ( and monti as well ) ? 
  how much can the berlusconi win in the senate hinder the enactment of legislation ? 
  it 's nice how someone actually bothers to state the facts even when they 're not popular . 
  lets put up the true long version too . 
  [ finlandia by sibelius ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fgwr3wrenkq ) in my opinion , this is so much more beautiful and emotional than the jaeger march can ever be . 
  time to get the popcorn . 
  it appears that the budget would be 960 billion euros , which is a bit less than rompuy 's previous proposal . 
  this is more than the eu budget was last time ( $ 864.3 billion for the period 2007 -- 2013 ) but relative to bkt the amount has decreased . 
  of course the budget still needs to be approved by the european parliament . 
  what names do you expect to find right now ? 
  the vote to use the procedure has n't happened yet . 
  the people proposing the vote come from the european people 's party and it was talked about by martin schulz and joseph daul . 
  there 's two names for you . 
  if you want to find more names you can google the list of members of the european people 's party . 
  and just as a thought , if your own mep happens to belong to this party , you can contact him and tell him what you think of secret ballots . 
  the article also says `` the european conservatives and reformists ( ecr ) group said it was opposed to holding a secret ballot , arguing that meps would be making `` a highly cynical and unaccountable act '' . '', 
  quoting martin callanan , that gives you a person and a party which are against this initiative . 
  we 'll know who is for this procedure when they actually vote about `` under parliamentary procedures , one-fifth of meps can request the parliament hold a secret ballot instead of have their votes recorded '' as the article says . 
  hehehe . 
  / finland, 
  i believe it 's because you called the eu names and offered nothing new to the original post . 
  anyways , here 's my contribution that somewhat clears up the issue . 
  http://www.euractiv.com/priorities/parliament-hold-secret-vote-eu-b-news-517661 turns out google is a good place to begin to find out this kind of information . 
  i 'll post here what i already posted in the / r/technology thread . 
  the title of the article is patently false . 
  the [ actual decision donald v france ] ( http://hudoc.echr.coe.int/sites/eng/pages/search.aspx?i=001-115979 ) was no big leap towards the freedom of sharing . 
  in fact , the ecohr ruled that france was not in violation of article 10 . 
  the fines for copyright infringement were upheld and the court pretty much left the appreciation of copyright law and its infringement to the discretion of member states . 
  concerning article 10 , the court said that it might be applicable in these types of cases ( this is the only big step forwards if you want to find something from the case ) and thats it . 
  it definitely did not outline any sort of a protection for ` freedom of sharing ' . 
  and nothing in the judgment says the convictions in any way violate article 10 of the echr . 
  furthermore , ecohr decisions typically tend to be very narrowly interpreted and this one did n't even concern filesharing directly . 
  ** at most this opens a window for the possible future admissibility of filesharing related cases ** and hints that the issue has become a valid area for more case law regarding freedom of expression . 
  this does not however indicate which side the court will end up moving towards . 
  they might just as well come up with several judgments that uphold the now standing copyright laws all over europe . 
  filesharing is not protected under the echr article 10 and there needs to be considerable changes in the legal interpretation of human rights law for that to be so . 
  just google the number in the address of the article , go to the page via google and there you go . 
  no need to get derogatory even though he is a troll . 
  yes lets make up a nordic league , maybe we wo n't lose to them as much as we lose to moldova . 
  such as ? 
  also , seems like you 're missing a point when you equate all violence to be the same . 
  hitting some unknown adult is fundamentally different to hitting your children . 
  your children have a trust in you that you 're grossly violating by hurting them physically ( same would apply to hurting them mentally ) . 
  and i do n't see how ` toughening someone up ' is a good retort to causing physical suffering to someone who loves you and is dependant of you . 
  furthermore , regarding the ` unknown adults ' part , even if you do n't see anything wrong with hitting an adult who 's physically able to defend himself , your freedom ends at the tip of someone else 's nose . 
  freedom of speech does n't equate to beating someone until they agree with you ; that 's assault and it 's covered under the criminal code . 
  if you need to make a point , do it using words , and if you 're unable to do that perhaps you should n't be making an argument in the first place . 
  i 'm actually pleasantly surprised that that many knew who he was . 
  you ca n't claim german politics is that much talked about here . 
  ( even though they should be . ), 
  expect to get trolled even though this is r/europe . 
  sometimes especially since this is r/europe . 
  goddamnit ca n't he switch flags already , this is becoming humiliating . 
  europe should share the burden equally !, 
  i think my favourite part was when he was implying federalists are like the chronies of hitler and stalin . 
  of course the genocide of greek babies only happens after our federal army lets the rest of the world descent into a heap of mass graves , but maybe we were too busy re-enacting the holodomor around then so who knows , we might 've had our hands full . 
  an article that makes finns think ` if * we 're * the best at this , what are the rest of you doing ? ' . 
  also , ` yes , we beat sweden !, 
  it 's not like i 'm suggesting them to use gall-peters , but google maps is so ubiquitously used to represent the world i think they should 've at least used robinson , mercator just looks riddiculous and gives people very false assumptions about what world geography looks like . 
  i 'm very glad we did n't have a mercator in our classroom and it definitely should n't be used in any others either . 
  classrooms are n't using the map for navigation , they 're using it to learn what the world looks like and it sure does n't look like the mercator . 
  :d now we can feel what the rest of the world feels when it looks at greenland on google maps . 
  at least finally scandinavia does n't look twice the size of the rest of europe like in all the shitty maps . 
  sorry , we beat you to commercializing it  :d, 
  problem is , in some people 's opinion ( in the lutheran church too ) there 's not much doctrine left . 
  there 's just ` love your fellow man ' and ' i dunno but maybe something nice happens to everyone after they die ' . 
  even an atheist will do then if they just say ` well i dunno what happens after we die , do n't have any experience on that matter ' . 
  i know some people training for priesthood here and i 'm hardpressed to have anyone say anything about a heaven or hell . 
  it 's just conjecture and vagueness and the bible is full of stories you can interpret to help you work out issues in your life . 
  because everyone 's just members of the church because their parents signed them up when they were born . 
  no one wants to change denomination or leave the church or anything unless you 're pushed to do something about it . 
  that 's why you get those huge spikes of people leaving with the scandals . 
  the church tax is such of a small annoyance and the church does n't influence your life in any way if you do n't want it to , it 's just there and you do n't give a shit . 
  why bother taking initiative when it does n't mean anything ? 
  therefore , the only way for a priest to interact with people under 60 is to go to the lutheran church and hope on a whim that some do show up and you can influence them in some way . 
  no one is going to join you and make a new church , if they get pushed to do something they 'll just leave alltogether or say meh , this is just fine . 
  you might get a congregation of 10 , much good it 'll do you . 
  actually it 's just nice that the ` priest-side ' is starting to reflect the ` believer-side ' , that way it 's easier to enjoy the traditions without having that god stuff pushed down your throat . 
  this post concerns scandinavia , your experiences may vary . 
  yes , it has to be mostly the size of the countryside that factors into this . 
  most people leave to study in the cities , but a part of the population stays home and tries to get a job at some local firm . 
  also , sometimes it 's hard to leave when your parents may require a hand taking care of the farm . 
  i 'd love to get numbers from norway too , to find out where they are . 
  you just articulated the thoughts of every scandinavian towards their home countries . 
  the north always gets love in these things . 
  do n't downvote him guys , nordic unity !, 
  maybe we should set up a petition to rename helsinki to barnacle goose . 
  edit : damnit this makes me wish europe was actually named this way . 
  who would n't want to go see the white city and have a drink in the happy one ? 
  sweden could get back on that study that valued them lower than all the other nordic countries on the freedom scale , by renaming itself as ` the land of the free ' . 
  i vouch for this man 's comment .
