  given this and getting the politicians ' and economists ' numbers on what is needed to avoid a chaos , i 'm inclined to choose the option with some remaining certainty . 
  anyways , i really respect your opinion and i wish thoughts like that would be voiced more often . 
  if more people thought like you , maybe politicians would have the spine to tell their constituents the truth . 
  all you 've said about what the ez leaders are likely to do is true . 
  just like the us stimulus package was n't large enough to be wholly effective , the european leaders are also likely to come up with just half-measures . 
  but i 'm still hoping that while the end draws closer , they 'll be forced to an agreement that will actually be enough . 
  it probably wo n't be presented as openly and clearly as it should be , and i doubt it 'll be democratic either . 
  though to be completely honest , i 'm not sure if direct democracy would even work in this situation anymore . 
  perhaps a majority of people are so tired with the way things 've been handled , they 'd vote down anything ( this as opposed to voting it down because they believe it to be a worse solution than the alternative ) . 
  we 'll just have to judge it by its merits when it comes . 
  if it 'll save the ez , it 'll most likely do so by stronger integration . 
  luckily , there 's an outcry for more democratic rule in the eu , so if there 's going to be any change to the treaties , changes to make the union more democratic will very likely be included . 
  if we 're going to weather the storm institutional changes like this are desperately needed to give the system more legitimacy . 
  i do n't see why we could n't preserve different cultures in the eu , even though we were more strongly integrated . 
  i think we share a lot stronger values overall than the north and south for example share in america . 
  if we thought of each other as european as well as from our individual nations and recognized our common goals , i do n't see why not . 
  everyone already shares the basic idea of being european , we just need to start looking at it as something we can be proud of . 
  i do n't think you even could make italians less italian or swedes less swedish . 
  but there 's no need to , being european also means recognizing each others differences . 
  that 's why it 's in varietate concordia . 
  if you go to northern norway , you might want to take the road through finland , you 'll get to see some great forest & lake sceneries travelling up towards the boarder . 
  it 's a long way to drive though , haha . 
  still , highly recommended . 
  i do n't think it 's especially admirable of me . 
  i think it 's just the cost of preserving any economic stability in europe . 
  if large countries like italy default on their debts , it will cause a whole scale depression in all europe , finland including . 
  we will have rollbacks of the welfare state and extensive austerity measures to deal with the loss in gdp , on a scale only seen in the beginning of the 90s . 
  none of us wants to go through that again . 
  this is where we 're headed if we do nothing to help southern europe . 
  now if there 's anything we can do to alleviate this problem , with a lesser cost to our citizens than a depression , we owe it to ourselves to try . 
  and italy owes it to everyone else to try as well . 
  the only way to avoid a depression at this point is working together . 
  it may prove at some point that we ca n't do anything to avoid it , but at least for now that point has n't yet been reached . 
  i do agree with you on the transparency and need to be honest about all the deals made in the eu . 
  far too often people are left uncertain of what is actually happening and this generates both distrust and anger . 
  politicians are trapped in not being able to really describe the gravity of the situation for fear of alarming the markets and then not being able to wholly explain to their constituents why the measures taken are needed to remedy the situation . 
  nevertheless , trying to hide the real costs for fear of a populist backlash is n't helping anyone . 
  honesty and ` we 're doing everything we can ' is much more likely to produce positive results . 
  regarding ` i am not saying that they ca n't btw , i am just saying that decades of mismanagement will not be washed away in a few months , particularely when they have n't even elected their pm . 
  ` , i do n't think it can be either . 
  i just think this is the only shot we 're going to get . 
  and as italy recognizes this , it is more likely than ever before to be a turning point in their internal politics as well . 
  i think it 's a feature of the parliamentary system that when gone wrong , it only finds ways to revise itself when it 's on the edge of the chasm . 
  perhaps they could 've made reforms earlier , they certainly should have , but right now what matters is what they do next . 
  pragmatism . 
  they would most definitely have wiped out or deported all the slav population as well , they just did n't get far enough to start that process . 
  it was actually a big constraint on hitler 's eastern campaign , because the germans refused to back up the anti-soviet movements amongst the people and failed to capitalize on their desire to rid themselves of totalitarianism . 
  ( i guess this is hard to do when you 're a totalitarian fascist yourself . ), 
  instead they played on racial prejudices to get some of the people do their work for them and instutued many hated oppressive regimes across eastern europe . 
  the gay person did n't choose his homosexuality any more than you chose your apparent heterosexuality . 
  and homosexuals have the exact same right to celebrate their identity in a parade as any other minority . 
  the only deviation there is , exists in the minds of man . 
  in sweden finns are violent and drunk . 
  in finland swedes are gay . 
  that 's the first time i 've been called a nice motherfucker . 
  though in the interest of honesty , i do believe denmark should be included in the nice motherfuckers too . 
  the silent majority that 's benefited from all the eu projects , rights and opportunities needs to step up and take the floor from the vocal sceptics . 
  and the younger generations that live in a much more interconnected world , that do n't share the old animosities that my parents ' used to have towards other european states , need to start co-operating so we can build a better europe ; a couple of hundred years ago we were the envy of all the world . 
  how ` bout we become an example for all the world instead ? 
  i think the eu is the best thing that 's happened to my country , but it 's up to all us to make it work like it was envisioned . 
  there are still people out there who have n't yet lost faith in a united europe . 
  `` spain , italy , greece etc. 
  have caused their own downfall by lying , cheating and gambling . 
  now they want to drag the north down with them . '', 
  this is unfortunately a quite common point of view in the north . 
  i agree with your point about trust needing to be earned by showing the people 's willingness to vote for anti-corruption candidates , but it 's very hard for the italians to vote for someone who 's not corrupted , because of the whole political process that requires you to do all sorts of shady dealing to even be endorsed and considered a serious candidate . 
  it 'd challenging to surface as a new face in the parliamentary process when prime ministers must become the leaders of their parties first . 
  and i 'd just like to add that if us finns suddenly switched places with the italians and we 'd be stuck in their political system , i doubt we 'd be able to do any better . 
  the problems are structural , and this was probably part of your point , but the debt crisis unfortunately does n't have time to wait for the benefits of structural reforms to emerge . 
  what monti 's asking is that we give italy a chance , even if there is n't much to back it up ; that we trust in them to do it right this time , because if we do n't , then nothing they attempt will make a difference . 
  their ability to succeed depends as much on us as it does on them , because of the way the free markets work . 
  i 'd rather give the italians this opportunity to fix things for all our sakes , than to let their economy fall to everyone 's detriment . 
  i 've always thought this debt crisis is an opportunity to fix the long standing economic problems of the european nations and ensure no similar disaster will threaten us in the future . 
  damn you sweden , you beat us again !, 
  yea , it was a poem before they made it into the song . 
  i think the first stanza actually sounds better in swedish . 
  the problem is ` of our fathers ' is ` isien ' in finnish , but grandparents is made up of grand + parents , so ` isovanhempien ' . 
  and there 's virtually nothing that has few enough syllables to fit the tune . 
  too bad , nice idea though . 
  yea , the germans seem to make sort of pompous drinking songs . 
  i actually had to check whether there was big differences in the lyrics , seems like basically the same stuff we just talk about nature more , though at least ours has no reference to god . 
  i 'd like to change the ` of our fathers ' part though , ca n't help thinking it 's a bit sexist every time i hear it , but there 's no real other alternative that would fit the tune , at last that i can think of . 
  nice tune anyways . 
  nice try finland . 
  also , i agree with op . 
  it 's great that the marseillaise 's survived from way back then . 
  can you get that stuff in a restaurant or something ? 
  next time i go to norway i 'm definitely trying it out . 
  those livers under the peas look huge . 
  what animal 're they from ? 
  i was reading this article and looked at the / r/europe image and it reminded me of jfk 's inaugural address in 1961 : ` in the long history of the world only a few generations have been granted the role of defending freedom in it 's hour of maximum danger . 
  i do not shrink from this responsibility ; i welcome it . 
  i do not believe that any of us would exchange places with any other people or any other generation . 
  the energy , the faith , the devotion which we bring to this endeavor will light our country and all who serve it ; and the glow from that fire can truly light the world . ', 
  would that not be something for us to endeavour to ? 
  so long have we read about old dead thinkers and europe 's glorious past . 
  would we not all come together to lead europe into a new era , bringing the light of reason to all the world . 
  not by the sword or the musket but by our example ; in science , education , the environment and human rights . 
  we too seldom ask ourselves ` what does europe mean to you ? ' . 
  this is what europe means to me .
