  but i 'm not sure our military knows how to fight anything else except russia . 
  um excuse me , but what are you talking about ? 
  do you only learn from books and never hear the way words are actually pronounced ? 
  if you think no one in the world knows how to pronounce english except native speakers , then i do n't really know what to tell you . 
  i often wonder if the general pessimism of finnish people affect these studies at all . 
  there 's that short while when you 're a kid and everything 's great and after that you 've just spent too many years in the dark winters or whatever and you start complaining about everything , it 's like second nature . 
  i once remarked to a friend of mine that if you had a scale of ` what is school ( replace with any other noun ) like ' with the options ; a ) okay , i guess b ) kind of shit c ) shit d ) fucking shit you might get a better gage of what kids think . 
  i mean even if you say ` yea this is kind of shitty ' it does n't mean you dislike the place . 
  you just do n't say things like ` yea it 's great ' in finnish , there 's always * something * you can complain about . 
  and what we end up with , is that school might be really nice and all , but no one picks the highest options on questionnaires just because of the mentality . 
  and i do n't think our schools are in any way specifically behind kids turning out this way , it 's a societal and cultural thing ; and we might just be measuring it 's effects instead of actual failings of the school system . 
  not that there 's any realistic way to get around this problem , so i guess it 's just something to think about . 
  also , i apologize for the profanity included in this message . 
  yea it 's true they definitely comlement each other . 
  though after a while you 'll be in a situation when you 're trying to say something in french and you think ` gosh there 's such of a more eloquent way to convey this idea german . 
  i wonder if he speaks german too ' , 
  i 'll give you everything you say . 
  some kids are great at english and others not so much . 
  mostly it 's a question of actually speaking it . 
  i use it as much as finnish when i 'm talking to my friends , but that 's only because i choose to and we all gain the benefits of practise . 
  but there is really no alternative to english . 
  people all over europe are n't learning french or german . 
  they 're learning english . 
  all other languages we speak even worse . 
  i 'm all for learning as many european languages as you can . 
  not only does it widen your understanding about cultures , literature and language itself , it 's a huge bonus and facilitates things when travelling around europe . 
  but let 's face it , you ca n't learn that many languages perfectly fluently , so it 's best you train one to be great and some to be on a conversational level . 
  english is the standard and without it , you 're not going to be able to function . 
  it 's the requirement , everything else is gravy . 
  no , not at all . 
  the way to combat sweden 's prejudice is education and media , and discussion about the stereotypes we have . 
  and nothing of this is going to help in the short run . 
  i do n't think any of the nordic countries should take in more immigrants like this , because it 's not good for the immigrants and it 's not good for us either . 
  but we at least have to own up to what we 're doing . 
  the ones who say we 're not racist when we clearly are , are the ones who are lying to themselves . 
  now maybe it 's racist too to cut down on our immigration quotas , i do n't know , but i do n't think it matters either . 
  real action is what 's needed , not talking points or hush-hush . 
  i do n't especially enjoy seeing the sverigedemokraterna or the true finns ride on issues like these , that no one wants to talk about . 
  and i hear it 's much worse in sweden than what it is in finland . 
  it 's true , we up here sometimes forget that you are right next to it . 
  it 's a disturbing when it 's put into text like that . 
  and it 's absolutely true . 
  i 'm not an immigrant and i can safely say this is exactly what happens if you 're not white as snow and called svensson or virtanen . 
  we 're all racists . 
  i try to be as open-minded and still you sometimes find it in yourself , and it 's disgusting . 
  i was renting out my flat a couple of years ago and i got calls from all sorts of people , one of them a somalian construction worker and trust me i did think ` oh god not him ' . 
  if i can say anything in my defense , it 's that i thought the same about a young couple with a one-year-old , and in the end found the only suitable person to be a 70-year-old old guy who likes reading books and sleeping . 
  what remains though , is that i would 've probably rented it out to the white 70-year-old guy had i had an exactly similar black person there , if he had n't had a great story or personality . 
  when you 're judging people based on nothing but some paper , a phone call or meeting them once , stereotypes rule and the stereotype about a somalian in scandinavia is n't pleasant . 
  also , i 'd say in my situation i thought a lot about what the friends and family of the person i was renting to might be like , so it was n't just about the merits of the person . 
  still , this is totally wrong , unfair , racist and pretty much a stinking shitpile , yes we are racist and xenophobic . 
  i think we 're generally nice and well . . normal towards a black person if we meet them in person , but if it 's just ' a black person ' ( insert anyone else from outside western-europe ) , we 're just scared of them that 's all . 
  western-europe , we 've gotten used to ( not all but most ) , but cultures beyond that are just scary , they 're unknown . 
  you do n't know how to act and they seem strange and you just spare yourself the trouble and pick the white guy , because it 's easier that way . 
  and the immigrants get the shaft . 
  sure , there 's people who actually actively hate immigrants too , but that 's not the cause of the general inequality you 're facing . 
  we still think about this place as folkhemmet or for us finns the lintukoto , where in good and bad , the changes of the big world ca n't touch us . 
  really this place is like the shire , so many people just do n't want to know and want to be left alone . 
  i do n't even know if it can be changed . 
  at some point it has to , because we ca n't shut the world out indefinitely . 
  there 's a real danger though , that an underclass of immigrants will form , which perpetuates the prejudice that they are only here to do things like cleaning . 
  it 's always a small victory when you see a black person in the media or as a professional , because people still respect that sort of thing a lot here , every little bit helps . 
  the only thing that 's going to change this is that hopefully the kids in school will intermingle a lot more and they grow up realizing there 's not that big of a difference really . 
  and that non-whites do n't slaughter sheep and perform rituals or crazy shit like that . 
  oh , and another thing . 
  we pride ourselves in having no corruption , but here we just have a different type . 
  since so few people live here , people in certain fields get to know each other very well and basically get jobs by connections . 
  if that 's at all possible ( probably redundant of me to suggest this ) , say via the friends you got while studying , you should try that , because really if people know you , they know the stereotype does n't apply and that you 're a nice fellow . 
  realistically the only other way to get past the paper barrier is to change your name or call the employer every time with questions and try to make a real good impression , so they 'll remember you . 
  i 'm sorry we make life extra hard for you and i 'm equally sorry that you 're forced to leave , but having read your post , i respect the people who make it all the more . 
  you misunderstand me . 
  if finland was in the place of france , most definitely we would not give in an inch . 
  actually i 'm quite happy finland is n't in the place of france , because gosh i bet we would 've fucked up world history way worse than you guys ever did , and we would n't 've had the balls to do any of the great things either . 
  all in all , i think you have things to learn about scandinavia , if you think we believe we 're better than anyone at anything . 
  anyways , the french-german rivalry is seen here as mostly a benign joke though , so i did not expect to give insult by it , if i did , i apologize . 
  here 's a chapter from the ecj 's pages from wikipedia : `` the working language of the court , however , including the language in which the judges deliberate and the language in which preliminary reports and judgments are drafted is french . 
  this makes the ecj , along with the general court of the european union , the only international court where french is the sole working language . '', 
  i expect , if france ( and the rest of the french speaking part of europe ) is going to give in about the forementioned , i do think they need some concession , why would anyone give up this much power in the eu for nothing ? 
  personally i hope some sort of trade can be arranged , because the situation now is n't that great for anyone . 
  this really is overall a strange situation . 
  i 'm not sure germany would that much prefer english as a working language , for any other reason than france then not having it . 
  the small countries with little influence , on the other hand would prefer it , because their education systems emphasize english so much more since you basically ca n't survive with any of our languages in today 's world . 
  and then if the uk leaves the eu we 'll have a working language in our court that is n't really the language of any major european country ( there 's of course ireland , but still ) which would be a rather embarrassing situation for all europe . 
  anyways , i 'd settle for dual french-english and the stacks of paperwork it generates , that 's probably as much as is in any way realistic to hope for . 
  now if we could just achieve this within our lifetimes , it 'd be something . 
  i stated this before , but i 'll write it again because i feel like there 's a misunderstanding here . 
  the mainland just does n't understand why you do n't feel european and we see your commonwealth as the only thing that 's different with you and us , so ` that has to be it , right ? ' . 
  i do n't think it has anything to do with colonialism the negative way we associate it , it 's just that you have all those other countries that are close to you , that we do n't have . 
  you must understand how people not really thinking about the issue just take that as a given . 
  maybe we should have a thread about ` why brits do not feel european ' where you guys can answer this to everyone 's satisfaction . 
  that 's the difference though . 
  i definitely want a lot of change to the eu , the way it is now is wrong and unsustainable . 
  but i 'd give anything to fight for a united europe , where all of us are equal citizens . 
  we 're the descendants of european forefathers ; to fail this project , is to fail our civilization . 
  i believe europe still has a lot to give , through all the injustice we 've caused , it 's time we 're a force for good in this world for once . 
  all the things the eu is doing for climate change and global politics , maybe this time it could be the old world that regenerates the new . 
  i think whenever mainland people speak about ` the empire ' we speak about brits not feeling european . 
  we do n't really know what to do to change this , so we just say ` eh , the empire ? ' . 
  sure it 's wrong , but otherwise it 's just '' ?? 
  why do n't you feel european we always thought you were no different from us ? '',
