  well tbh , i 'm kind of interested in seeing what happens with that gender neutral school thing , because it is probably true that a lot of our behaviour is learnt . 
  at least then we 'll know what the kids really want to do . 
  no harm in it really , i at least got the picture they get to do whatever they want after being encouraged to do all types of things . 
  i 'll just say that at some point the ethnic diversity just stops mattering . 
  all the nordic countries are overwhelmingly ethnically nordic . 
  the education systems however are very different . 
  that 's what 's producing the difference in their ranking , not the ethnicity . 
  ( though personally i consider sweden to be more diverse than we are , i believe we only have something like 50 000 non european immigrants here in the whole country , here 's a source you can hopefulyl google translate if you care enough http://fi.wikipedia.org/wiki/suomen_v%c3%a4est%c3%b6#ulkomaan_kansalaiset_ja_uudet_suomalaiset ), 
  the potential phd 's can take care of themselves a lot better than your borderline mentally handicapped kid . 
  i know i sure did , and i definitely would n't want a system that did n't allocate resources to the ones that need it most , instead of the ones that just are bored if they do n't get them . 
  yea , the finnish solution to this problem is jante 's law . 
  everyone 's so ashamed of their success no one ever dares to think they 're better than anyone else . 
  that way there 's no conflicts . 
  and it really works . 
  i went to one of the best high schools in finland that require a high gpa to get in and really i do n't think it was stuck up at all . 
  the only difference was that people shut up at class and most of these were really fun since the teachers kept making jokes and the general level of teacher-student camaraderie was pretty high . 
  and really anyone who still thinks they 're something special for having gone to a good high school afterwards in university is just regarded as sort of a looser . 
  that 's because the standardized tests we take after high school do n't determine what faculty you go to ( people largely go to helsinki university if they go to university ) , because all faculties have their own entrance exams relating to the subjects they specialize in . 
  the high school standardized exam is just sort of there , it can give you starting points and it 's nice to well in it , but really i could wipe my ass with mine , if you pardon the expression , i did n't really get anything out of it after i did it . 
  i did however , get all the general knowledge related to having studied for it . 
  is n't it interesting , though that finland really does n't have a name for this type of people ? 
  we know the concept but even with amis and pissis , it 's other atributes that make up the majority of the characterization . 
  and also my understanding pissis comes from pissa-liisa , but liisa is n't derogatory in any way . 
  yes , i find this so puzzling . 
  a while ago i was talking to a friend of mine whether she should have her kid in sweden instead of finland , because ` list of all sorts of things that are nice about sweden ' and i included ` education like ours except in a language that 's intelligible with more people than just finns ' and she was like ` oh no , sweden 's not goot at that , i read about it on the internet ' . 
  i was so surprised , how could sweden not be like us in this . 
  i though we 'd gotten our model from there like everything else . 
  i actually had to go read about it i was so shocked . 
  i 'm telling you progeda 's looked at how many upvotes he 's gotten for that comment and said to himself ` well it was n't * that * good . 
  i think it 's a peculiarity of finland that the biggest complainers are the only ones that show up complaining . 
  i know that 's how it is all over , but in finland in particular , because no one wants to start getting vocal about anything . 
  we just gripe to our friends and relatives , but no one wants to stir up anything except the ones that really fucking want to . 
  and that 's how on the comment sites , everyone who is content/not absolutely fucking outraged is just silent and does n't feel like joining the conversation . 
  -  we get the comment sections of yle.fi / uutiset ( our version of the bbc ), 
  on you conclusion , i agree wholeheartedly and i think the question of catering to the gifted kids is often blown out of proportion . 
  but i 'd just like to add my opinion . 
  the whole problem has a lot less to do with ` letting kids be kids ' than some of them just being * so * bored . 
  when i was in elementary school ( and really once even in high school , even though i did go to one of the best ones in finland , just flippantly ) i used to finish the whole maths book or english book or whatever during the first few weeks , all the exercises . 
  i liked it and i wanted to do more of it , but after that there was nothing to do . 
  you could just either sit and listen to people go over the old stuff or then just wonder off and think of something else . 
  once a maths teacher even made me erase all the assignments i 'd done in the entire exercise book and do them again with the rest of the group because you were n't allowed to do them beforehand ( though here i blame the teacher more and i do n't in any way claim this is representative of the finnish education system ) . 
  point is , if we 'd just had something to do , like extra exercises or anything , it would 've made my existence so much less annoying . 
  i absolutely agree with posters here saying that ` gifted children ' can come up with their own challenges , because they have the extra energy to do this ( maybe this is the finn in me , but i find it somehow just wrong to in any way to single myself out as somehow better than anyone else ; really i think that 's a great way of making all kids less asshole-ish ) . 
  especially , if they have parents that take the time ( or have the possibility ) to spend time with them . 
  they 're the ones that introduce you to reading all sorts of books , which you can then expand on yourself . 
  the kids who struggle obviously need the attention of the school system a lot more than any kid who overperforms , and i also think we 've probably gotten better at supporting the performers too . 
  though , i 'd just like to add that finns are really good at dissing themselves and to think that something we have would be the best in the world is just completely counter-intuitive . 
  this is unimportant , cold , shitty little finland after all . 
  we see all sorts of issues going on at school ; the occasional bad teachers etc and make a big deal out of it , even though when you really stop to think about the education system , overall it really is pretty good . 
  even better , thanks !, 
  as a history student , i ca n't wait to torrent this . 
  you can never watch too many hitler miniseries with your friends , having some beers and laughing and pointing out the flaws . 
  and if it 's a good miniseries , you can instead argue about latent expressions of hitler 's supposed abnormal sexuality . 
  who am i kidding , everyone 'll do this anyways . 
  you would have to be heartless to deny your $ 20 million so foreign history students could n't have more hitler parties !, 
  and i read that headline and though `` well thank goodness they were n't immigrants , think of the mediastorm that would 've caused '' . 
  speaking as someone that also lives on the edge of the eu , this does n't seem at all as riddiculous to me . 
  tbh , i think there 's a larger percentage of europeans that would care about a nordic country being invaded than would care about greece . 
  it 's racist and based of northern bias , but i 'm sure it factors in greece 's paranoia about turkey . 
  as a country , germany knows russia or turkey wo n't invade . 
  if they did , you could actually do something about it and the rest of the western world would definitely give a shit . 
  with small countries on the border , not so much . 
  having big aggressive nations as your neighbours makes tiny countries nervous and it makes them very serious about their military and nationalism . 
  none of which is a good thing , but that 's the way it is until we get a real european army . 
  which would help not only with protecting our borders but with european unity in general . 
  hah , how nice . 
  i hope you enjoyed your stay and it was n't too cold or socially awkward . 
  y' know if you 're not bored to death of this it i 'll write down some peculiarities about finnish , you never really think about this stuff except when you start comparing . 
  we actually only have one pronoun for both he and she ` h\u00e4n ' which is really only used in writing . 
  funny to think we refer to people the same way you refer to animals and do n't see anything weird about it at all . 
  though , in many ways this really compatible with the whole scandinavian equality thing since we 've succeeded in keeping gender away from language that well . 
  it really hits you when you hear stuff like ` herstory ' for the first time and think ` jeez !, 
  history ( historia in finnish ) is really ` his story ' . 
  the actual language though is very difficult for a foreigner to learn so i do n't judge you at all . 
  for example , we do n't have prepositions like indo-european languages , we add suffixes to words to note what grammatical case they 're in . 
  it can be really confusing since there 's loads of suffixes ( we have 15 different cases ) and some of them even have two different forms depending on which works better with the stem of the noun/adjective . 
  just to pick a few ` as something ' is - na / - n\u00e4 , ` in something ' is - ssa / - ss\u00e4 , ` from something ' is - sta/st \u00e4 . 
  house is ` talo ' as a house = talona in a house = talossa from a house = talosta human is ` ihminen ' as a human = ` ihmisen\u00e4 ' in a human = ` ihmisess\u00e4 ' from a human = ` ihmisest\u00e4 ' best of all , as you can see , you ca n't always even know what the stem that you 're supposed to add the suffixes to , is since sometimes it needs to be altered a bit to make it compatible . 
  and it does n't really help that the words look pretty weird are pronounced so differently than in indo-european languages . 
  i find the pronouniation is actually pretty close to that of japanese . 
  sometimes i think it 'd probably be impossible for me too to learn finnish if i had n't learnt it from childhood . 
  see , there 's reasons we rely on us learning english instead of others learning finnish , in addition to how few there are of us . 
  yea i guess so . 
  maybe it really is a cultural thing and authority just works in others . 
  i mean we do n't really even have a ` polite ' speech form in finnish , or we have a pronoun , but hardly anyone ever uses it . 
  you need to be really trying to be polite to some old woman , say . 
  and we never call anyone mr something . 
  our word for mr is the same one as our word for lord or master and that has a really bad ring to it . 
  kind of like finnish has a pronoun for he/she , but everyone uses the one for ` it ' when you refer to other people in speech , because using he/she would sound like you 're from the 18th century . 
  reminds me of the time an ib ( international baccalaureate student , maybe you have those guys too ) student called one of our history teachers mr in the middle of a discussion , in front of a bunch of normal program students , and he burst out laughing . 
  you should 've seen the look on the ib 's face . 
  succeed with seceding perhaps ? 
  you still have single sex schools ? 
  you hear about school uniforms and everything , but that 's pretty over the top . 
  i 'd like to see someone try that in scandinavia . 
  well not really . 
  that 10th grade thing is true , though i think as much due to the gpa requirements for high school than just ` majoring ' in different fields . 
  it tends to separate the students who like to study from the ones that like to make a racket . 
  still i 'd say schools in scandinavia ( well at least in finland ) are just not by far as bad of an experience than what 's shown in american movies . 
  i went to a pretty much average junior high mainly because it was ` the ' school in the area where you continued the swedish speaking program from elemetary school .
