  i wish we could change something , but i do n't think it 's anything we can do either , it has to be a british change of view ( and it 's not like it 's something the rest of europe is forcing you to do either if you do n't want to ) . 
  and do n't take this as an insult as it 's definitely not intended as one , but how can you be a part of a european brotherhood , if you do n't feel included ? 
  i truly wish you did , but you said it yourself . 
  as someone from the continent . . what 's straight bananas ? 
  hey french person talking about languages !, 
  i 'd like to ask you something . 
  what are your views on continuing to have french as the language for the european court of justice ? 
  we talk about this often at our lawschool . 
  it 's really a problem for many people since so few people are fluent enough in legal french to be able to take up positions or even entertain the thought of in the future applying to the ecj . . and this is n't limited to just finland . 
  if the official language were changed to english , it would not only create a lot of interest for legal minds all over europe to pursue a career path in union law , but stop so strictly limiting the applicants for european positions . 
  the best and brightest legal minds in europe are n't always the ones who took french in elementary school , and even that is n't at all enough to be able to write and speak legal french fluently . 
  and a bigger problem is that with such a small pool applicants , the private side is able to tempt the best french-fluent jurists with much better offers than hte eu institutions can . 
  this has been an impossible issue for the french government in past decades and i understand that it 's tied up with all sorts of power issues between france and germany ( and the uk ) . 
  but i 'd just like to know , what would you think or do you have any feeling as to what the average french person would think about changing the ecj language to english ? 
  french is a beautiful language and it 's very well suited for the legal theorizing that is required , but the fact still stands that so few know it well enough to be able to function with it , and in a lot of cases it leaves the eu with the second best , and sometimes not even that . 
  maybe there 's some sort of a concession we could give to france if you guys give this up . 
  maybe we could build a monument for french supremacy in berlin and london or maybe just put the eu parliament in strasbourg permanently . 
  thoughts ? 
  this is what we do n't have right now , because instead of drafting a european constitution where we outline the federal government 's and the state government 's jurisdictions , the eu ( federal government ) just slowly extends itself , in a very irrational way mind you , in all directions to where europe in practice needs it to be ; and with that to many places where it definitely should not be . 
  what the pro-european stance needs is federalists who argue for a clear division of power that neither the eu or the state governments can violate . 
  as of now it 's a one ended deal and this is what is causing most of the outrage . 
  also we can never have a true democraticly elected government for the eu if we do n't move towards a federal state structure . 
  you ca n't remake political institutions in the eu unless they have actual powers . 
  as long as they remain a secondary seat of power , our most important politicians will never seek the positions and the media will never follow them . 
  continuous media coverage is a third point that absolutely needs to change in europe . 
  when 's the last time you heard what was discussed in the european parliament on the evening news ? 
  my opinion , we need to either go forwards and solve all that needs correcting or then we go back and renounce the project entirely . 
  where we are at now is wrong . 
  and i should feel very saddened if after so many hundreads of years of trying to unite europe by either conquest or as it is now finally by joint commitment , we should find that the task is impossible and we are doomed to division and pointless squabbles for as long as this civilization stands . 
  i believe a lot of the people who upvoted you were n't that serious either . 
  they used to show keeping up apprearances ( and other british comedies ) in finland when i was a kid . 
  that 's how i learnt all about what britain was like back when i was in elementary school . 
  ms. bucket taught me so much . 
  do n't dare to discount finland , we have some awful shit here too . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/helsinki_to_tallinn_tunnel god i want to be able to go to the rest of europe without flying or having to get a russian visa . 
  goddamnit this , the thought of this project being permanently ` on hold ' never fails to give you that dose of finnish self-hatred . 
  it 's as if we do n't realize that without the tunnel , we 're practically an island . 
  there 's only ever been one criteria that disqualifies turkey from eu membership for me . 
  i do n't have anything against the turks membership on geoghraphical , historical or cultural grounds . 
  while i do n't believe turkey as a whole is a part of europe , ( neither do i think is russia ) i would n't really have a problem seeing them consolidated into the union . 
  however , there is one single statistic that has to change , for turkey to even be considered for eu membership . 
  the choice ` true ' one question has to go up , drastically . 
  similar results have also been observed in the eurobarometer . 
  before it does i 'd fiercely advocate against 75 million people with many of them holding these types of views being included in our european electorate . 
  i 'm sorry to say that for all the turks that are completely reasonable , educated people who understand scientific evidence , but i also see it as your challenge to fight unreason in your country ( as we do in ours ) so one day turkey really could become a eu country , if they themselves wish it . 
  yes , yes he did . 
  i do n't think there 's anything necessarily better about a two parent family . 
  instead of ` two happy parents together ' the only real alternative to a single parent arrangement is two people who 're continuously fighting living together . 
  in that situation what 's really better for the child ? 
  the only thing you hope for is a loving and stable home , that definitely ca n't be ascertained from looking at statistics about children living in two parent households . 
  this is my experience too , granted i 'm from the capital region , but i can only come up with 2 people in my friend circle who 've been raised in a two parent household . 
  this does n't of course mean anything in actual numbers , but there 's no way on earth it 's 95 % . 
  well y' know you might instead of the 16th century , want to compare the violence in europe and america during the life time of the present generations . 
  as the oresent generations are the ones that are doing all this killing . 
  and if anything , our knowlegde of all the crazy fucked up shit we 've done to the world makes us more hesitant in our domestic and foreign policy . 
  i mean there 's nothing like just apologizing to everyone else in the world for what your predecessors 've done to them . 
  i do n't see this happening with america . 
  that is a false equivalency you have there . 
  being part of a federal union means to the contrary not losing all sovereignty , but having two limited spheres of government both restricted to the areas best suited for them . 
  in trade , foreign policy and defence there is one europe . 
  it either votes together or it once more falls apart to its internal squabbles benefiting neither itself nor the world outside it . 
  but what needs to be recognized is that 500 million people on this side of the continent can never be ruled by one single law . 
  we can never have one single taxation plan , one single welfare system , one single criminal law . 
  and we should not either . 
  in a european federal republic , that respects the true principle of subsidiarity and self-government these things are restricted away from the federal structure for the parliament of each state to decide according to the wishes of its people . 
  this is the only way 10 million swedes can live together in a republic with their 82 million german brothers . 
  now the european union right now is expanding without any clear direction or cohesion . 
  it is not moving towards a federal state it 's moving towards one republic with one parliament for 500 million people , whose decrees merely get rubber stamped by the national parliaments . 
  why is this ? 
  because europeans either lack the courage to speak out for the true meaning of a federal republic , or do n't really understand it . 
  with this current integration we are dangerously moving towards a european state which can never guarantee self-government and democracy for european citizens . 
  what we need is a federal constitution clearly defining the powers for the federal union and the individual states . 
  a constitution that restricts both the european union and the member states . 
  honesty is what is called for !, 
  we ca n't ask the citizens of europe to trust the european union if they 're never told clearly what this project is aiming for . 
  it 's not a question of why so many of them are against it , it 's a question of why so many still support it . 
  and they do support it , because they recognize the benefit for all of a united europe . 
  what they need is an assurance of subsidiarity and democracy that is n't just empty words to be cast aside in the next eu summit . 
  an assurance to be argued to them instead of negotiated in shadows by bureaucrats behind locked doors . 
  honesty and respect for the european people is the only way to save the legitimacy of this union that was first envisioned with their best interest in mind . 
  for peace and prosperity , for unity and for democracy . 
  to make it so there is meaning behind those words . 
  i believe we can have a european state , but as you 've said we 're too far from being one people to ever function as one single super state with one european parliament . 
  more so , i do n't believe we need to abandon our own cultural identities to achieve european unity ; european citizenship is carried on the side of our regional identities as something every european can be proud of . 
  i believe in recognizing the fact of our european brotherhood and not shrinking away from its implications . 
  in the fields of economy , foreign policy and defence there is only one europe , for in those areas we have reached a phase in our history where what is good for all of us is what is best for each of us . 
  an economically strong united europe is the only way for us to respond to the crises facing us in the future , no matter whether they be based on environmental or demographical developments . 
  as single states fighting each other we will only magnify the risks and problems of our part of this continent . 
  the german economy will never be on strong footing if the same can not be said of the french and the spanish one . 
  at one point in our future we must recognize this and i would rather it be up to us than to have it passed onwards again to the next generation . 
  but while europe is slowly unifying through legal structures , behind the eye of the public , we 're pushing the boarders of the federal jurisdiction into state territory and all the while the subsidiarity principle is being gutted . 
  the way this is creeping up on us is making the european people lose faith in a project that was created for their benefit , for peace and prosperity , for freedom and unity ; and most importantly for democracy . 
  we can never have true democracy in europe if all laws are put forth on the european level ; europe is far too vast an area for this to ever function . 
  there is no government by the people if all same laws apply across every member state , their situations are far too different for this to be in each state 's best interest . 
  this way the most populous and prosperous states will end up drafting law for all the rest of us and power in this republic will be seized instead of bestowed . 
  i believe the way to achieve a unified europe is honesty about this vision . 
  the people distrust the eu , because there is no democracy . 
  but what will give them democracy , is a commission and a council elected by europe wide elections . 
  a transformation of the federal structure must be championed instead of written in through a backdoor . 
  the people turn against the eu because they fear the loss of sovereignty and the ability to self-govern .
