first let me state again that i 've been to eastern europe many times , including the ukraine . 
  i 've met the ` average joe ' . 
  i know what kind of life those people live working 60 hours for little less than 200 euro 's a month . 
  second , where do i state anywhere that i have it bad ? 
  i am complaining about many aspects of my country but i do n't claim to live a equal or worse life and the average joe in the ukraine . 
  so i 'm curious to learn what gave you that impression . 
  thirdly . 
  from a tourist perspective , we might look rich . 
  but the reality is is that almost a 10th of the population lives below the poverty line . 
  meaning unable to eat properly , buy the required clothing etc. 
  and the average income of a dutchie is only about 35k a year . 
  i wonder , who owns all those billions and billions worth of property ? 
  the banks , the top1 % and noone else . 
  edit : with looking bad i meant looking bad in the eyes of other eu member states . 
  not having it bad in a general sense of living . 
  '' `` what happened to all the pontification about trading with israel , saudi arabia , etc. ? '' '', 
  i 'm not sure who you think you 're talking to . 
  we do business with just about every nation in the world other than north korea , whats your point ? 
  '' `` no you did n't . 
  you did n't have a vote for or against the eu . 
  instead , you voted on something that has little or no consequences to your daily life . '' '', 
  you clearly do not understand what is at stake . 
  how bad the netherlands , as one of the founding eu members , looks right about now . 
  you underestimate the damage this does to our reputation in that regard . 
  more importantly , the fact that this outcome will be ignored by the eu ( most likely ) will only give more momentum to the nay sayers , and thank god for that . 
  '' `` your parliament is not elected ? 
  or do you propose every trade deal to be put to a referendum ? '' '', 
  our `` elected '' parliament has provided us , the people , with the ability to host a referendum on literally any subject we damn well please . 
  as long as we reach the minimum amount of 300000 signatures , it is a go . 
  so yes , i propose we have a lot more referendums , and it seems that we will . 
  the next one is already in the making which will focus ttip . 
  `` i 'm sorry , i was under the impression that you elect your own government and hold european parliament elections . 
  maybe you 're just upset at the fact that most dutch people do n't share your eurosceptic views and vote accordingly ? 
  this referendum thing is a nice backdoor way for you `` sceptics '' ( 20 % of the population , evidently ) to veto things . '', 
  firstly the influence of a dutch citizen on decisions made in brussels is practically zero . 
  this is due to the fact that our `` voice '' ' is rarely heard due to our small economical power . 
  secondly i 'm curious to know who gave you the idea that merely 20 % of the population is against this treaty ( or in realistic terms , against the eu in general ) . 
  32 % of the population has showed up and that is a very good representation of the whole population . 
  it might be off by a percent had everyone voted , i suspect . 
  all these bullshit theories about people staying at home , strategical voters as they call them , is pure nonsense . 
  the eu referendum in 2005 had a higher percentage of people showing up , and it was the exact same outcome , about 65 % was against any eu regulatory involvement . 
  yet , they fucking did it anyway . 
  again , that is what drove the '' no '' in this referendum . 
  '' `` this deal is not to solve ukraine 's problems , it is mutually beneficial . 
  it will give eu countries much easier access to a market of 40 million people . 
  it would ( will , since this referendum wo n't derail anything in the end ) allow eu businesses to outsource to a place that 's right next door and is bound by the same legislation , instead of going to china or elsewhere . 
  the only thing stopping them after the aa is in full effect is infrastructure and supply chains , which are both easier to build up in a country right next door . '' '', 
  wrong again . 
  this deal will only benefit the netherlands / eu and quite possibly the rich elite in the ukraine . 
  the general population of the ukraine will surely not . 
  i had to bring two bottles of scotch to get help from a doctor in the hospital in kiev . 
  now consider this is a person with the highest form of ethics in that country . 
  yes corruption on every level . 
  funny how people like you assume trade will go up once the aa is signed . 
  the same way people like you think that if a country like the uk would leave the eu , trade suddenly would drop . 
  it will be business as usual , supply and demand will not change . 
  visa free access will definitely smooth processes over , but will not have any measurable economic benefits , why ? 
  because who the fuck wants to visit the ukraine ( i do for different reasons , but im an exception ) . 
  and reversed , what kind of money does an average ukrainian tourist bring to europe ? 
  thats right , nothing . 
  so in that light , i clearly do not understand why you would think the aa would provide better access to 40 million people , who have no economic purchasing power to begin with and will never be able to compete with china 's labor force , either . 
  its a dead end , much like many recently joined eu members . 
  '' `` history shows that when the consequences of populist referendums are real and tangible , people tend to show up and vote like adults . 
  both those factors favour the uk staying in the eu . 
  also see scotland referendum , quebec referendums , etc. 
  etc. '' '', 
  i hope you are wrong . 
  we will see soon enough . 
  honestly ? 
  because we do not want to jeopardize trade relations with the russians for one . 
  secondly , as stated many times before , most of the no-voters , including myself , did not vote against ukraine . 
  we voted against the eu . 
  the eu already signed this agreement without asking the people . 
  that , in essence , is what pisses us off . 
  and not just this deal , any decision in the last three decades have been made without consulting us , the people . 
  not to mention that the eu leadership is non-democratically elected in the first place . 
  the eu is a disgrace and i will , including many millions of others , take each and every opportunity we get to send a big '' fuck you '' to the eu `` leadership '' . 
  i 'm sorry this agenda has been pushed over the back of the ukraine deal . 
  but really , ukraine 's problems are not ours to solve . 
  especially not through decisions made by the eu elite that , many of us , refer to as criminals . 
  do n't worry though . 
  the deal will still get signed . 
  people will get even more upset with eu indoctrination and in two months the uk will leave the eu , with many many more nations to follow . 
  by that time ukraine does n't want anything to do with the eu anyway . 
  mark my words , 
  thats actually very interesting and it confirms my suspicions . 
  more interesting than just political interests is the average age . 
  i would 've guessed it would 've been a little higher . 
  me being 28 makes me one of the older redditors of that bunch . 
  i ca n't help but think what a 21yr old would really know about a fully independent day-to-day life without the aid of parents or '' studiefinanciering '' . 
  in my own experience that transition , ie experiencing the world without that bubble , paying full blown taxes , making ends meet , definitely changed my political perspective over the years . 
  again , why are we morally responsible for ukraine 's mess ? 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'd like to help out , but in a different way . 
  like say , going on holiday and spending some cash over there . 
  i hear prypiat is becoming a tourist attraction . 
  because it is not our moral obligation to save the fucking world , or in this case , ukraine . 
  i 've been in ukraine . 
  i love the hospitality , i love their women . 
  i dislike their government . 
  they are a corrupt bunch , down to the lowest state officials i.e.
