  i wish there were more trip reports from places that are n't the typical tourist spots . 
  a lot of the time i have to delve into the japanese side of the internet with google translator to find information about places , and while that 's fine and pretty fun to do , it 's always nice to have someone tell you about what they did and give you an idea of what a trip there will feel like beyond the more factual information . 
  i like reading about people 's experiences and it also lets me know of interesting stuff beyond the sights . 
  i stayed in khaosan tokyo ninja for about 2800 yen , but they closed not long ago . 
  they have other places from the same chain though , so maybe check http://khaosan-tokyo.com/en, 
  there 's also hotel asakusa & capsule for 2200 yen/night and grids hostel akihabara for 3200 yen . 
  wow , yeah , they were so so nice . 
  i wish i 'd bought more !, 
  i like the red bean paste filling . 
  thanks , i 've been looking for a good blog to follow for a while , 
  the only option i can think of for under 1000 yen would be an internet caf\u00e9 . 
  while night packs usually are closer to 2000 yen a night , a few hours or sleeping during the day could maybe be closer to 1000 yen . 
  some hostels also let you stay for free if you help clean , usually a few hours every morning . 
  also i second not using the shinkansen , they are very expensive and way over-budget for what you 're trying for . 
  i think the best bet would be a mixed onsen or a private one too . 
  i know of [ sawanoya ] ( http://www.sawanoya.com/ ) in tokyo which is n't that far from mito or try searching through [ selected-ryokan ] ( http://selected-ryokan.com/ryokan/location/chiba ) for ryokans with private onsens . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.onsenexpress.com/site/display/displaypage.php?displaypage=20 ) are some mixed onsen options if you prefer . 
  out of curiosity , why did you choose to go to niigata ? 
  was this your first trip or a repeat visit ? 
  i do n't see many people going there ( i do n't think i 've even seen it mentioned in someone 's itinerary here ever ) . 
   not to trust any super cheap restaurants unless you 've heard some trustworthy recommendations, 
  well , i never pay more than 1000 yen for a meal ( i usually go by 800 yen max , maybe add a bit more for an extra side dish ) and i 've never had a bad experince so i do n't think cheap can mean tacky , it was just a bad experience you had . 
  that said , i 've had showers with spiders in a cheap hostel so it 's always good to read reviews first just in case . 
  well , there is history everywhere !, 
  what time period do you prefer ? 
  any particular historical figures ? 
  do you simply mean you 'd like to see a couple of samurai suits , maybe a castle , or do you want to dive into the depths of yayoi architecture and findings ? 
  food can be found everywhere , it would be easier to have some places in mind then try their local specialities . 
  popular anime sites in tokyo : http://www.japan-guide.com/e/e3052.html, 
  honestly , if you already have some places in mind ( do you want to go to tokyo and kyoto and follow the typical tourist path , or do you prefer to rent a car and travel through the countryside far from the tourist hotspots ? ), 
  it would be easier to answer more concrete questions . 
  which locations did you visit for kenshin ? 
  ( to be fair i 've hunted down the sites for elfen lied , durarara !, 
  and a couple of specific images from other series , so i 'm not really one to judge  ), 
  wow !, 
  i always thought i 'd never have a chance to ride a shinkansen because they are way too expensive for my usual budget , but i think i now know where i 'm going next trip ... 
  what did you think of kawagoe ? 
  was it very touristy ? 
  and how does mitake and mt.takao compare ( i 've been to takao but debating whether mitake is worth it if it 's going to be very similar ) . 
  also , what did you do in onomichi ? 
  if you did the temple walk , which temple do you think was the best , and if you did the shimanami kaido , did you manage it all in one day ? 
  i was actually already debating whether to go to fukuoka or yamagata so i guess this just adds an extra point for the south !, 
  - kumano shrine , kamakura ( behind jomyoji ) . 
  so i was in kamakura ( duh ) , it was my second day in town , the plan was to go to hokoku-ji to see the bamboo forest and then spend the rest of the day at enoshima . 
  i was sick and had a terrible stomach ache , i got off the bus and somehow managed to walk in the opposite direction , i ended up at jomyoji temple instead . 
  after walking around the cemetery and garden for a while i realise it 's the wrong place , but then i spotted some stairs disappearing into the forest and i thought ` * i 'll go see what 's up there and then leave * ' . 
  did i mention it was pouring rain ? 
  it was pouring rain . 
  so i start to climb ( who knows why i thought that was a good idea when i was cold and feeling ill ) i took fifteen minutes to reach the top of the stairs when i would usually just take a couple of minutes . 
  by this time it 's raining harder , i feel like throwing up and it 's very windy . 
  at the top of the stairs was this tiny little shrine with just a small hall , but there was a covered area so i sat down there and waited until i was feeling okay enough to walk back down . 
  there was nothing and nobody around , the sound of the wind and rain the only thing i could hear , i was trembling with cold . 
  it was as if there were spirits hiding in the trees , despite everything i do n't think i 've ever felt so safe before . 
  - hiroshima toshogu shrine . 
  similar story , i was n't sick , just completely lost in the middle of a rainy foggy mountain woods trying to find the trail to the top . 
  there were little inari figurines everywhere and it felt like i was being watched , as if a yokai procession would appear at any minute . 
  also the miko of the shrine was really nice . 
  * oh my god gorgeous * . 
  enough said . 
  i really love daruma dolls , so i decided to take off to takasaki city as a day trip from tokyo to see their hometown . 
  shorinzan is the perfect little place for daruma enthusiasts , it took a while to get there on the bus and i was dropped off in the middle of the empty road with little more than a sign pointing to the temple gate ( and daruma vending machines ) . 
  little paths crossed the stairs to the main building and i took a long time following all of them . 
  the garden was beautiful , although many would call it blah , and there were lots of crows and black dragonflies that i love . 
  also a daruma museum and nice ladies that wanted to talk to me and give me sweets ( i do n't think many foreigners go there ... ) . 
  the people in takasaki are so nice , i met a girl with my same name and * a bus waited while a man got off and helped me find my way !, 
  * i do n't think many other cities can live up to such hospitality . 
  also the doors of the train did n't close properly and there was wind passing through the wagon , that was fun . 
  anyway . 
  - naritasan shinsh\u014d-ji temple . 
  my first trip to japan , i landed in narita airport and was making my way to tokyo via local train . 
  just ten minutes in i saw this brilliant red pagoda zoom past outside the window , standing out from between the trees . 
  it was the first temple i ever saw and it has a little spot in my heart , that image is engrained in my mind as my first impression of japan . 
  i think all of these places are pretty similar in a way , even if they do n't look alike they are all pretty secluded and green , look great in the rain and remind me why i love japan so much . 
  honorable mentions : sasuke inari shrine ( kamakura ) , omoto shrine ( miyajima ) and fukuyama hachimangu ( fukuyama ) . 
  places i really want to go to : haruna shrine , daiyuuzan in minamiashigara and dewa sanzan . 
  it seems like it could be a really good tool , but i do n't think it really sticks to the suggestions . 
  ex , i clicked do not include kyoto , osaka or tokyo and it gave me a total of 7 days there , plus i said that himeji , hiroshima and miyajima were very low priority since i 've already been , and again it suggested all three . 
  it really only offered nara , kumano and kanazawa to my itinerary ... 
  on the next try i gave aomori , amanoshidate , ise and nagoya my ` mandatory visits ' and it did n't include any of them . 
  i think it has great potential but it 's not quite there yet : /, 
  ahh , i love that blog !, 
  it gives really good information about the shikoku henro and dewa sanzan . 
  trains in tokyo should cost around 160-290 yen each trip . 
  it 's close to impossible to spend the 46,400 yen that the pass costs with only being in tokyo ( + a few day trips ) . 
  having spent two weeks in tokyo on my first trip i can tell you that i do n't think i spent much more than 10,000 yen * in total * , and that includes the day trips . 
  jr passes pay off for ** shinkansen long distance ** travel ( for example if you 're going to kyoto roundtrip from tokyo ) . 
  not for inside a city travel . 
  i had 10,000 a day as spending money ( includes food , transport , sight-seeing and shopping ) and i was fine . 
  i did n't really have to cut down on expenses since i had plenty spare at the end of each day . 
  but of course , it depends on what you want to buy . 
  i 'm obviously a big planner . 
  planning for me is about as fun as the trip itself , so i like to spend a lot of time and effort on it . 
  looking forward to seeing how other people plan theirs . 
  i bought one while there on one of my last days , no problem . 
  you 'd be amazed by the amount of soy sauce museums i 've found . 
  yanai , noda , tatsuno , takahashi and shodoshima are the ones i know of , but i 'm sure there are plenty more !, 
  i was in the area not long ago but i chose onomichi instead since both places seemed very similar but onomichi was easier to get to . 
  i had the complete opposite experience to kisekikumo . 
  granted , i was at senso-ji at 8am and it was completely empty , the shops were closed and i got to see all the beautiful drawings on the shop shutters and had the whole place to myself . 
  i went to the amuse museum with a rooftop that offers great views of the temple from above and when i passed by the temple later it was very crowded and touristy .
