  seeing a daughter read the message written by her mother in hopes of finding her deceased daughter ( the sister the woman was never able to meet ) was heart wrenching and it was definitely the place that made me cry the most out of all the memorials in the city . 
  classes at fukuromachi school started once again ten months after the bombing with a total of 37 students and now the west building has been reconstructed and works as a small museum . 
  the rest of the school is new and i could hear the children outside laughing and playing . 
  i imagined all the beautiful sounds just suddenly stopping like it did back then . 
  instead of making my way to honkawa elementary school , another peace museum similar to fukuromachi school , and visiting the memorials behind the peace museum i headed to hondori to take a bit of an emotional rest from all the a-bomb sites . 
  hiroshima has two different daiso 100 stores , so i stacked up on the bean chips i love and also bought a few packets of miso to try and tabi socks with pictures of origami cranes . 
  i had n't had a full conversation in english since the man i met at mt.shosha who offered me a ride back to the station , so it was nice to meet some other tourists in the hostel . 
  in the evening i bought some food and ate in silence . 
  hiroshima has done an amazing job of rebuilding itself since the day of 1945 . 
  i could n't help but look at the peace sites and think about how difficult it must 've been , how much pain was caused and how fragile the things i have are -- how easy it would be to loose them -- , but seeing what a wonderful city hiroshima is today gives me hope . 
  i definitely wish nothing even remotely similar to this ever happens again . 
  ps : all the peace sites are free apart from the peace museum that costs 200yen . 
  the memorial hall hosts public readings of personal stories of the bombing on the second sunday of every month and the library there also offers more stories and videos of people 's experiences . 
  the peace museum gift shop is also worth a look if you 're looking for a book about the bomb . 
  i bought one full of pictures drawn by survivors ; they put a lot of effort into drawing those pictures because it brought back memories that they did n't want to remember , many of the images are gruesome and disturbing . 
  the least i can do is look at them with attention so that that effort was n't wasted and so that what happened will continue to be remembered . 
  i did n't mention it before since it did n't really fit with the rest of the mood , but i also visited the rai sanyo shiseki museum right next to the former bank . 
  the rai sanyo shiseki museum has some works and materials related to writer rai sanyo , a representative thinker of japan 's late edo period . 
  in 1800 he ran away from home ( aki domain , today hiroshima ) to kyoto but was captured and placed under house arrest , confined in a room within his residence . 
  this room , where rai sanyo is said to have worked out a draft of his `` nihon gaishi '' history of japan , was once designated a national historic site until it was destroyed by the bombing . 
  however , the room was reconstructed in 1958 and can be visited today . 
  there 's another room with a few works from rai sanyo but i 'm guessing it would be interesting to those who know who rai sanyo is since there is n't much to the exposition itself . 
  another area hosts the temporary exposition , in my case i saw many scrolls painted with indian ink ( sumie ) which were all truly beautiful . 
  it 's a pity photos were not allowed so i ca n't show you any , but it 's what i liked most of the museum . 
  hey everyone . 
  i 'm thinking about a third trip to japan and i 'm looking for a bit of inspiration . 
  i usually like reading people 's trip reports or reviews about places they 've been and now i have plenty of time to do so . 
  i sometimes read trip reports on japan-guide , fodors , tripadvisor and a few forum websites , but i 'm looking for a different site since i feel like i 'm always visiting the same pages . 
  if anyone knows of a blog or website ( can be your own ) where i can read trip reports or people 's personal travels to japan that would be great . 
  bonus points if it 's detailed and goes day-to-day talking about the trip . 
  thanks !, 
  castles were a favourite of my past trip to japan and now that i 'm going again i 'd like to add many more to my itinerary . 
  it 'd be great to hear someone 's opinion on which is their favourite castle for each of these categories ( can choose one that wins at all or different ones for each group ) . 
  ruins , reconstructions and originals are all good . 
  - favourite object display / museum, 
  - nicest based on how it looks from the outside, 
  - nicest based on how it looks from the inside, 
  - favourite castle grounds ( gardens + yagura and outer walls ), 
  - which one do you think has an interesting history behind it ? 
  any other special mentions are of course welcome . 
  if you could mention the amount of castles you 've been to that would also be great , just so i know how much competition it 's up against . 
  i 'm definitely interested in answers that are n't himeji , hikone , osaka or kumamoto castles , since i always hear of these same ones . 
  i 'm working up to a third trip to japan and i was wondering what kind of new experiences i 'd want to try out this time . 
  bucketlist items include onsen and seeing fireflies , what are some experiences that you have done and really enjoyed ? 
  or is there anything you 've always wanted to try in japan but have n't yet done ? 
  my personal favourites so far have been eating a mochi from a leaf , staying in a traditional house with a tokonoma in the middle of nowhere , watching a kagura show and once i found a group of locals playing tosenkyo ( traditional fan throwing game ) and they let me join in and play with them . 
  so i see the military featured a lot in movies and music videos , sometimes whole series about it , it seems like a big thing in the us . 
  and i 'm kind of wondering ... what do most americans actually think of the military ( or at least , what do * you * think of the military ) ? 
  for example , how many people do you personally know have/are working there ? 
  do you think that someone who works for the military is a hero or a better american or something ? 
  just curious since i see it mentioned so often . 
  hey everyone . 
  i 'm wondering if [ this type of pants ] ( http://imgur.com/a/p0qvg ) has a name ? 
  thanks !, 
  so i 'm looking at this restaurant that i 'd like to visit in japan and its homepage says ` \u4e88\u7d04\u306f3\u65e5\u524d\u307e\u3067\u306b\u304a\u9858\u3044\u3044\u305f\u3057\u307e\u3059 ' . 
  google translator has said that means ` reservation is thank you to up to 3 days before ' so i do n't really understand . 
  does it mean i have to make a reservation up to 3 days before my visit ( say 5 days before i visit ) or do they only accept reservations as far as 3 days in advance ( meaning i have to make the reservation within those three days , before is too early ) . 
  thanks !, 
  [ what i see as rugby ] ( http://i3.walesonline.co.uk/incoming/article6251714.ece/alternates/s1227b/1sonny-bill-williams.jpg ), 
  [ what i see as football / soccer ] ( http://skylinksports-education.com/assets/images/soccer.jpg ), 
  [ what i see as american football ] ( https://www.europlayers.com/images/cms/rssfeed/american-football.jpg ), 
  - when americans say ` football ' , do they mean their football or normal football ? 
  - i 'm guessing soccer and football are the same thing . 
  - i 've never watched american football before ( it sometimes comes out in movies but mostly only the clash and then someone 's running with the ball ) . 
  what would the difference be between that and rugby , besides the gear ? 
  hey everyone !, 
  my family does n't really do christmas anymore so i do n't care much for the whole gift-giving thing , but i want to do something nice for my sister this year ( 23 y/o ) . 
  she 's been living in myanmar for a bit over a year now , i have n't seen her in a long time and she 's feeling a bit lonely at the other side of the world , plus the whole education system there -- she 's a teacher -- is very different to what we 're used to in spain . 
  anyway , she 's having a hard time . 
  she sent me a message saying she 'll be coming home for the holidays , but it 's a surprise and nobody else in my family knows . 
  i 'm looking for something small that she can take back with her when she leaves , i think she wo n't care much for something that i buy so i 'm trying to make it myself or show a more personal side . 
  the first thought is to fill up a box with all her favourite biscuits and food that she ca n't eat there . 
  i found a coke with her name the other day ( one of those ` share a coke with ... ' things ) so i kept it . 
  i 'm thinking of asking my family to write a few messages each and fill the tin up with them , so every time she feels lonely she can take one out and read one . 
  any ideas ? 
  i 'm really terrible at giving presents ... 
  thanks !, 
  hey everyone !, 
  i 'm going to tohoku this june and so i 'm learning about the history of the area before i go . 
  if i understand correctly , before the battle of sekigahara the gam\u014d clan were governing aizu under uesugi as well as utsunomiya and the nihonmatsu domain . 
  i 've found no information about which side of the battle they were on ( there seems to have been a gamo bitchu in the western army , but i do n't think they 're related ) . 
  i was initially inclined to believe that they were on the western side because of their connection to uesugi , but it seems like they only lost utsunomiya after the battle . 
  considering the uesugi were kicked out of aizu , the gam\u014d also kept aizu for themselves . 
  can anyone confirm this is what happened ? 
  if it 's true they were on the western side , how come it ended so favourably for them ? 
  but i 'm starting to think they were perhaps just neutral or fighting alongside the date clan . 
  nihonmatsu castle was burnt down in 1586 by hatakeyama and the date rebuilt it after that . 
  i 've read that `` the second castle was then built at the base of the hill and controlled by various families loyal to the date '' as well as the gam\u014d clan having the castle from 1590 - 1627 . 
  there does n't seem to be much information about them . 
  thanks for any help clearing up this confusion !, 
  hey everyone !, 
  another first time traveller here , sorry . 
  i 'd love some help on getting started with the planning of my 2-week trip to taiwan ( going solo , 21f ) . 
  i mostly want to see a traditional / cultural side to taiwan , so any temples i 'm not aware of would be great ( ruins also cool ) . 
  i also wake up every day at 6am and expect to start my days early ( i 'm not a night person ) . 
  i have a tight budget and , more importantly , i do n't know how to drive . 
  general questions :, 
  - what are your opinions about the sun moon lake area ? 
  do you think it 's worth a visit ? 
  it honestly does n't call much to me but it seems to be mentioned everywhere , so maybe there 's something i 'm missing .
