  for what it 's worth , amuse museum was one of my favourite sites in tokyo , i went when they were doing the boro display . 
  i was there the start of july this summer and it was n't that crowded , i did n't have to line up to get inside although while i was on the top floors of the main keep it did start to fill up with quite a few people ( especially noticeable on the steps ) . 
  for some reason not many visited the sen tower though . 
  nice to see you 've also been to okayama !, 
  they were n't doing any special displays in the castle while i was there ( unfortunately ) but i did get to play the traditional game of tosen-kyo in korakuen next door . 
  thanks for the long reply !, 
  the route i was initially planning was to land in nagoya and do visits to inuyama , gifu , sunomata , ogaki , hikone , nagahama and matsumoto castles ( including of course nagoya-jo ) , adding a visit to the sekigahara battlefield , the nakasendo and lake biwa . 
  what did you think of these castles ? 
  aizu-wakamatsu is high on my wish-list though , i think that you 're mention just bumped it up a few steps . 
  i 'm really looking forward to seeing sazae-do and the location where those boys killed themselves as loyalty to the lord of the castle . 
  i 'd heard someone say that the castle was n't that great but knowing you liked it definitely makes me reconsider . 
  actually , aizu-jo and saga-jo in kyushu are what make me have my doubts about my chosen route since i 'd love to see the them too . 
  i was n't planning to visit kyoto since it seems to be packed with tourists but now i 'm also interested in nijo ... 
  i guess a trip to shikoku is in order then !, 
  kochi castle sounds interesting . 
  when i went to himeji castle i joined a free walking tour but i felt like i was going way too fast and did n't enjoy it much , so i think i 'll be skipping the guides from now on . 
  i agree that hiroshima castle has some really interesting exhibits , dare i say the best out of the ones i 've been to . 
  what did you think of fukuoka castle ? 
  thanks for the tip on azuchi castle ruins , i did n't know they existed . 
  if i go to aizu i 'll definitely want to spend more than just a day there too . 
  i think it 's fun how much japanese towns usually exploit the one characteristic that makes them unique . 
  i was in ako not long ago ( the place the 47 ronin were from ) and there were statues , signs , old photos , a museum , manhole covers and paintings dedicated to the story . 
  even ronin furin hanging from windows . 
  definitely makes the place more interesting . 
  interesting that you would pick a castle in ruins as your favourite . 
  i 've seen photos of it before and after another quick googling i can see why it would be an amazing visit . 
  it actually seems to share history and castle lords with izushi castle you mention so it would be fun to do them in the same trip . 
  did you walk up to takeda castle from the station ? 
  i had a budget of 7000 yen/day ( including accommodation ) last trip and it worked out good , but i did travel a considerable shorter distance . 
  you will have to make sure you can find a cheap place to sleep though and not spend too much money on presents and souvenirs . 
  your biggest concern seems like it will be transportation , so i second the idea of using buses or local trains when possible ( check willer express bus pass against individual bus ticket prices to see if that would be best http://willerexpress.com/st/3/en/pc/buspass/ ) . 
  since you have a few days in hiroshima you could look into the visit hiroshima tourist pass , 1000 yen and lasts three days ; gives you ' free ' transportation on all hiroshima city trams , some buses , the ferry to miyajima and a few discounts ( for the peace museum , the castle , shukkei-en and miyajima ropeway ) . 
  someone mentioned himeji on the way to hiroshima . 
  i might suggest also looking into kurashiki and see if you 're interested . 
  you 're right , it 's really close to nagoya , for some reason i always forget it exists . 
  thanks !, 
  what worries me about your itinerary is that you 're only spending one day in kyoto . 
  why ? 
  osaka is a big city much like tokyo , only with less sites that are all more separated from one another . 
  i typically suggest three days in kyoto and only one or none in osaka if someone is already going to tokyo later on . 
  himeji and kobe are two places that many do in the same day , starting the morning at the castle and gardens of himeji and stopping in kobe for lunch and afternoon on the way back to osaka . 
  however , i recommend a visit to mt.shosha in himeji that not many people go to , there is an absolutely amazing temple at the top and is well worth the time . 
  you could do a half day trip to kobe and spend the rest of the day in osaka , taking out one of your osaka days and giving it to kyoto . 
  day 20 you only have ` take the train to tokyo ' . 
  if you take a late afternoon / evening train ( or early morning one ) it wo n't intervene with daylight hours . 
  say if you go to tokyo sep. 19th after all the sightseeing ( or late on the 20th and spend an extra day in kansai , maybe visit okayama or kurashiki while you 're at it ) you wo n't be losing that day to transportation . 
  for tokyo , i think asakusa + odaiba can be done in one day , ueno + akihabara in another , and shibuya + harajuku + shinjuku in a third day . 
  that would cover the main sights of the city , of course you do n't have to do them all , it depends on your tastes . 
  the three remaining days ( + hakone ) can be reserved for day trips in the area . 
  there are plenty of doable trips from tokyo than can be interesting . 
  http://zoomingjapan.com/travel/day-trips-from-tokyo/ is a page that helped me a lot when i was planning my trip , in the end i chose mt.takao ( half day , spent the rest of the day in tokyo ) , kamakura ( can be done alongside enoshima island ) and takasaki . 
  if you go to nikko i would suggest spending the night there since it can feel rushed otherwise . 
  i stayed the night in kamakura and loved it , after all the tourists leave it 's a very different place . 
  mt.takao trip report : https://tokyoanecdote.wordpress.com/2016/02/08/spiders-and-clouds-mount-takao/, 
  i think there are many ups and downs , but everyone has their own travel style so i wo n't comment on that . 
  do you have a jr pass ? 
  there are n't many buses going to zao onsen so i would guess that you wo n't arrive in time to catch a bus there on your second day . 
  maybe better to catch an early bus on day 3 and spend the rest of day 2 sightseeing in yamagata ? 
  definitely check the timetable for buses going to zao onsen before you go . 
  the time you 've allocated for each place is fine if you only want to see one or at most two sights in each place or just walk around , but you 're going to feel very rushed if you want to do anything else . 
  yamadera + matsushima can be done in one day if you get to yamadera early ( which means you 'd probably have to sleep in sendai or either of these two places the night before to get there since if you 're coming from zao onsen in the morning you 'd take too long / no early buses ) , so can sendai + hirosaki , but you have no time for sightseeing in aomori . 
  i think you 're being very ambitious and will end up very tired , especially if this is just one weeks and you still have more sightseeing after this . 
  you obviously like onsen , but i 'm tempted to say ... maybe it would be a better idea to take one out or find one closer by and slow down a bit ? 
  actually it can be spelt both y\u00f4kai or yokai , as well as y\u014dkai or youkai since there 's a long vowel . 
  there are many different ways of romanization and are generally all accepted . 
  i personally use any * but * yokai since otherwise there is no way of knowing that it 's a long vowel and can lead to confusion if there are other similar words . 
  fushimi inari is open 24/7 but the buildings at the bottom are not . 
  you can walk around at night , in the evening or early morning , but you wo n't be able to buy any omamori , omikuji , get a goshuin stamp or anything that requires a miko or a monk to be there . 
  osaka for five full days may get a bit boring . 
  i 'd give two full days for the city at most , plus an extra if you want to visit universal studios . 
  hiroshima ( + miyajima ) is worth the travel , although you should definitely get a jr pass or a bus pass if you plan to go . 
  for me , kobe might not be worth a full day , but can easily be combined with himeji , okayama , kurashiki or osaka itself . 
  nikko would be best done with an overnight stay or it may seem too rushed otherwise . 
  many people do kamakura and yokohama on the same day , starting the day in kamakura and stopping in yokohama on the way back to tokyo since they are in the same direction . 
  ten days for shopping and a bit of extra sightseeing ? 
  i think you could definitely give out a few of those days , and i always find that shopping as i go is much more fun / gives me better deals . 
  unless you plan to buy a suitcase full of stuff and do n't want to carry it around . 
  although with enough planning you would 've known about the festivals beforehand . 
  if i had n't planned my stay and just showed up , i would n't have been in himeji for the yukata matsuri ( i would 've been in okayama instead ) or in osaka to see the big tanabata celebration ( instead i would 've been in nara ) . 
  not planning is fine , but also planning is too . 
  there 's this big ` do n't plan ! ' and ` plan ! ' recommendations that everyone keeps giving , but truth is : if you 're a planner then plan , if you 're more adventurous then jump right into it !, 
  everyone wo n't have fun with the same planned or unplanned experiences , some people get nervous and bored quickly and just walking around or winging it is n't the best decision for them , while others will have a great time showing up and seeing what they find . 
  also check out a grutt pass for sightseeing , depending on the sights you plan to visit it can come in handy . 
  i love trips like these , i always choose a train line and make a route out of it , it really helps to understand the country better too . 
  unfortunately i do n't really know central honshu well ( my expertise is the ch\u00fbgoku region ) so i ca n't help you out much . 
  i 'm going to skip the section between tokyo - mitaka because you can easily add anything there to your tokyo days . 
  mitaka has the ghibli museum if you 're interested though . 
  musashi-koganei station will drop you off a twenty minute walk ( or a few minutes by bus ) from the edo-tokyo open air museum which i definitely recommend . 
  it was one of my favourite places of my first tokyo trip and would love to go again . 
  trip report : https://tokyoanecdote.wordpress.com/2016/03/07/edo-tokyo-open-air-museum-part-2-impromptu-tours-and-tatami-mats/, 
  past that there is mt.takao ( you 're looking to get off at takaosanguchi station ) . 
  most rapid trains end here so you might have to change onto a commuter train / long distance train / limited express . 
  near k\u00f4fu is sh\u014dsen-ky\u014d gorge . 
  k\u00f4fu is the capital of yamanashi prefecture so i 'm sure there are things to do there , i hear there 's a castle and sometimes views of mt.fuji . 
  matsumoto is n't far from shiojiri , so it would be nice to take a day to visit the city while there ( matsumoto castle is amazing !, 
  maybe the daio wasabi farm might interest you too ) . 
  i guess you already know of magome , tsumago and nakatsugawa , if not they are the highlights of this section of the line and definitely look them up . 
  other than that , ena has the hiroshige museum of art and eih\u014d-ji temple is in tajimi . 
  that 's really all i can tell you !, 
  i usually look up random towns along the train line , they always seem to have something to offer , or try to find a place to sleep in one of the towns and it 'll give you a sense of a more rural life .
