  i wo n't ask for personal opinions since i have no desire to get into political debates , especially not with people i 'm trying to be friends with . 
  whether you chose to leave or to stay , it really would n't have any impact on the way i 'd see you . 
  is there any specific reason you plan to spend 3 nights in hiroshima and 2 in kawaguchiko ? 
  most people do n't spend that long in these two places . 
  also , going from hiroshima  tokyo is a very long journey , perhaps you 'd want to stop in kyoto another night along the way . 
  three nights in hiroshima would mean four days ? 
  i spent an entire day on miyajima and was kind of bored by the end of it , it 's an okay place but would n't take the whole day . 
  depending how much you 'd want to see in hiroshima , one day or half day is also okay . 
  however , even if you want to explore the islands , i do n't think hiroshima would be the best base for that unless you 're thinking etajima ( or ninoshima , though there is n't much to do there ) . 
  i 'd recommend staying in onomichi , perhaps doing the shimanami kaido , and visiting the islands from there since it has much better access . 
  that brings me back to when i used to read * seven minutes in heaven * fics on quizilla ... 
  i can understand wanting to get out of tokyo , but i also agree that going all the way to kyoto / osaka for a couple of days is n't worth it ( time-wise and money-wise ) . 
  kamakura is much closer to tokyo and has many temples and history , considered the ` little kyoto ' of the area . 
  other recommendations to get out of so much city would be kawagoe , nikko , mt.nokogiri or mt.takao , even nagatoro . 
  going from koyasan to hiroshima is going to take up quite a few hours of transport . 
  i would suggest doing koyasan , kyoto and then hiroshima . 
  also , do n't miss out on miyajima while you 're in hiroshima !, 
  http://templelodging.com/ you can always look up mt.koya too , if you have an extra day in your itinerary . 
  - hiraizumi and geibikei gorge, 
  there is a direct bus going nagoya  hiroshima , but that 's around 8000 yen . 
  it would be considerably cheaper to take a bus from kyoto or osaka to hiroshima at around 3000-4000 yen with willerexpress . 
  night buses are always cheaper since you wo n't have to pay for a place to sleep . 
  using the shinkansen there and back would be around 28,000 yen , so a jr pass would pay off . 
  having space to write a comment at the end of each page was good though , so i could clarify anything that i thought was n't expressed properly with the answers given . 
  i did a more or less similar route . 
  by 10am the daibutsu trail is already very popular , there are plenty of school groups during the weekdays and families in the weekend . 
  i 'd suggest starting the day at kita-kamakura , visiting jochiji at opening time , and then doing the trail first thing in order to avoid crowds . 
  there 's really not much at genjiyama park , other than a statue of minamoto yoritomo if you 're interested in history , but it 's along the way and easy to take a couple photos if you like . 
  you could visit tsurugaoka hachimangu after returning from ( of before going to ) kamakura kokomae , there should still be time . 
  here 's my trip report , by the way : https://tokyoanecdote.wordpress.com/2016/02/27/daibutsu-hiking-trail-kamakura/, 
  sasuke inari jinja was by far my favourite out of the temples and shrines in kamakura , maybe my entire first trip , but be careful you do n't miss it since it 's quite hidden . 
  soon after zeniarai benten there 'll be a crossroad in the trail , however the left trail ca n't be seen much since it 's covered in plants . 
  push through that and you 'll get to the back entrance of the shrine . 
  after visiting zeniarai benten it might be good to walk along the road to it rather than following the trail . 
  the upside-down one is also my favourite . 
  it looks like if they let go they 'll fall off the earth . 
  [ by the way , did she say yes ? 
  why are you bringing a laptop ? 
  unless it 's for work i would consider leaving it behind . 
   but might need them as pyjamas, 
  you do n't really * need * pyjamas , and if you really do i think the long johns would be better for that ( they also occupy less space ) . 
  you seem to be taking a lot of pants / bottoms , i only ever take two . 
  i often take long jeans + shorts in summer or two pairs of long pants for colder seasons . 
  think about about it : shorts , chinos , jeans , long johns and two sweatpants ... do you really need so much ? 
  i would definitely cross out the shorts anyway . 
  ( i just sleep in my underwear , by the way , you 'll have a blanket to keep you warm . ), 
  ah , and i also bring x5 socks , but that is n't important since they do n't take up much space . 
  this really depends on everyone 's personal opinion , so there are going to be many contrasting views in this post . 
  anyway , as for my own . 
  i often skip places that do n't sound interesting , so i straight out did n't go to many `` must-see '' places . 
  out of the places i did go to , meiji shrine was perhaps the most overrrated shrine i 've been to ( there was nothing memorable about it , it was only big and full of people ) . 
  i did n't like shibuya and harajuku in general , actually , it 's fun if you like shopping and people , but otherwise perhaps best to look somewhere else ( ichiban was cool though ) . 
  i absolutely love castles and history ... but himeji castle ? 
  not the best . 
  other than being big and one of the originals left , it has little going for it . 
  the guided tour was rushed , the people and noise were stressful ( and yes , i went at opening time and did n't have to wait in line , but so did the other hundred people who were squashed inside ) . 
  the best bit was the sen tower , which was the only place that had displays and a bit of informaiton about the place . 
  spend the time at mt.shosha instead . 
  i would skip yasukuni shrine , at the time i did n't know the history about it but now i regret going . 
  onomichi was very recommended to me , but in the end i wish i 'd skipped the temple walk and gone to kobe instead . 
  and , i 'm going to risk the downvotes for this one , itsukushima shrine ( or just miyajima as a whole ) was very dissapointing . 
  the deer are not well treated and it felt too touristy . 
  i can understand the charm and all that , but there are better temples and shrine in japan . 
  i disagree , i really liked amanohashidate !, 
  while it may not be worth the effort and time as a day trip all the way from kyoto , if you 're in the area it is a really nice stop , especially if you are also visiting other places nearby . 
  you could look up any information on your phone though , i also often bookmark or screenshot ( sometimes even print , if it 's very important ) the reservations on my tablet and/or phone and that 's it . 
  they did n't actually ask whose fault it was though , rather who called it off . 
  it was me ( `` you '' ) who called off the trip , but it was n't my fault . 
  i 've never felt that i 've needed a computer when traveling . 
  i bring an extra memory card , and on the plane find something else to do ; sleep , look out the window , sudokus , better plan my trip , etc. 
  although many planes have tvs now and so usually watching a movie or series , listening to music and playing games are also an option . 
  one of the questions examplifies saying `` 1st-generation ( i.e. 
  residents not born in australia ) '' , hence the question . 
  but i 'm going to guess no , that that was an example and can be applicable to any other country . 
  [ to the guys who were worried about catching an std from the toilet seat ] ( https://besttoiletseat.org/can-you-get-an-std-from-a-toilet-seat/ ) . 
  that 's great !, 
  it 's unbelievable that so many people voted for him . 
   melon soda, 
  love it . 
  * many * people who identify as something other than man/woman have felt and/or do feel gender dysphoria , and many of them join the trans community . 
  i 've yet to see any single one of them who does n't strongly feel in favour of trans rights , they are usually much more active and talk about these issues more than those who identify as man/woman . 
  many of these people also identify as trans as well as agender/fluid , etc. 
  and * many * do go through surgery , whether it be partial , only hormonal or the full thing . 
  you really know nothing about the non-binary community to be making these assumptions . 
  it 's as if you 're shaming bisexuals because `` some people are actual gays and it 's offensive to them '' . 
  come on . 
   if the thought of living another day in their own flesh made them want to end their lives, 
  many `` real '' trans people do n't feel that way . 
  i 'm tempted to say , have you actually met and talked to people from the trans community or are you getting your information from online and movies ? 
  i do n't really have a favourite animal . 
  i chose seals because i used to really like them . 
  only similar in the eyes and eyebrows . 
  oh god , i hate being watched while eating . 
  i had three russian ladies sharing the dorm of a hostel with me . 
  woke me up at midnight because they turned on the light , started talking very loudly , opening and moving suitcases , etc. 
  they were pretty rude in general though , like walking around inside with their shoes on , not saying please and thank you when necessary . 
  i was glad that they only stayed a couple nights . 
  it 's 2000 yen this year , it was 2500 yen two years ago when i got it . 
  i bought it my first day and it was definitely well worth it . 
  i got in most places for free or with a discount .
