  i have 7 ... though i do check out subs that i 'm not subscribed to often enough ( like r/askeurope or r/travel ) . 
  i 'd probably get stressed if i had more than 10 , honestly . 
  the shinkansen stops at odawara , closer to hakone . 
  why go from hakone to miyajima ? 
  that will be a very long trip with multiple transfers . 
  i 'd recommend doing hakone  kyoto  miyajima/hiroshima  osaka , this way you 're cutting the transportation time in half . 
  me too , i thought his username was mpreg . 
  since i 'm from barcelona i went there a few times , both with my school and my parents , back when there was n't any entry fees and the place was mostly empty . 
  personally i really like it , i think it 's much better than other places tourists go to here , but i 'd go as early in the morning as possible for these kinds of places . 
  it opens at 8am so that 's three hours before the main crowds get there . 
  i disagree with this reasoning ... `` must-sees '' vary for each person , there is no absolute must-see for everyone . 
  i did n't go to kyoto until my third trip to japan , and even then i just spent a day there , and passed on some of the most famous tokyo neighbourhoods ; most people consider them indispensable . 
  i skipped the taj mahal , the sun moon lake in taiwan and rome . 
  every person has their own interests and should only visit places they really want to see . 
  there 's no point spending hundreds of euros and going to the other side of the world to see something just to tick it off a list somebody else made . 
  depends where you 're from , i guess . 
  many people would read this as 9:52 am anyway since pm would be 21:52 . 
  i do n't think police are better or worse than average people . 
  i think they have more power , and because of this they may help out in some situations and abuse that power in other situations , but i do n't think they have different morals or are inherently nicer/more agressive than regular people . 
  i 'm going to have to disagree with rousseau though , i think humans are innately `` bad '' , or at least put their own survival above self-sacrifice for the survival of others . 
  of course we are capable of changing this way of thinking and have morals that contradict it , a self-sacrifice is generally seen as positive if it favours a larger number of people , but instint works for self-survival first . 
  i see many people saying that police and politicians are bad , but i think it 's worth noting that they generally are n't any worse than most people and many others would do the same in their positions . 
  you give someone power or money or 3 wishes and they 're going to make the most of it , usually for their own profit . 
  like the stanford prison experiment , the milgram experiment , the movie `` the wave '' , etc. 
  people often get carried away if it makes them feel like part of something or just stronger . 
  police often get carried away in rallies , manifestations and such events , because there is a very marked difference between `` us '' and `` them '' . 
  i think having some sort of law enforcement is a necessity , but we should n't forget that police are , after all and for good or for bad , just more people . 
  if you 're having doubts about it , i 'd probably say no . 
  it 's a lot of effort , time and money you 're putting into doing something `` just to say you 've done it '' . 
  honestly , the only person who cares about your bucket list is yourself , so do n't spend so much on something that you do n't care that much about just because it seems like others might . 
  personally , i think the mt.fuji hike was one of the best experiences i 've had in japan . 
  i went during the day to avoid the hoards of tourists since i 've seen sunrises from other volcanoes and mountains and could n't care less about it . 
  i did n't go for the view because it 's just a view and i 've been on a plane before . 
  i went because i was excited to go and because i wanted to feel a sense of accomplishment at having done it and because it felt special . 
  imho , every experience is a `` full experience '' , if you do and see one thing it means you do n't get to see and do a different thing . 
  if you get a full view it is indeed very cool , but it also means you do n't get to see the path you 're walking on dissapear into the clouds and there 's less of the sense of infinity . 
  same as , if you go to miyajima at high tide you 'll be able to see the gate as if it were floating and it 's very scenic , but you wo n't be able to walk up to it , place a coin on it , see the crabs or see the `` moon pools '' as you would if it were low tide . 
  everything has a positive and a negative . 
  nobody can decide whether it 's worth your time and effort but yourself . 
  for me , it definitely was . 
  for others , it definitely was n't . 
  you could switch kyoto and osaka around then . 
  which airport are you leaving from ? 
  if you 're leaving through tokyo then you 're going to need the jr pass from the point you leave hakone until you return to tokyo anyway . 
  if you 're leaving through osaka it does n't matter if you do kyoto or osaka first since you can easily do a trip to kyoto from osaka ( or access the airport from kyoto ) since they are right next to each other . 
  i 've been to japan twice solo , planning my third trip for next month . 
  i made [ a post ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/japantravel/comments/4sc50s/budget_breakdown_from_my_recent_trip/ ) talking about what i spent , however have in mind that this is much cheaper than what most people spend . 
  on my first trip i had some 10,000-15 ,000 yen a day ( including the hostel ) and definitely found a way to spend it . 
  see my comment above for my own budget details . 
  okinawa is a little cheaper than mainland japan in terms of accommodation and general prices , most hostels in naha are around 1500-2000 yen instead of the 2500-4000 yen from the other islands . 
  however , transport is going to take a big cut of your budget , especially if you plan to rent a car or take a ferry/plane to one of the smaller okinawa islands . 
  the jr pass is great , but it 's worth mentioning that it 's not exactly cheap . 
  [ willer 's bus pass ] ( http://willerexpress.com/st/3/en/pc/buspass/ ) might also be a good option for someone on a tighter budget . 
  i grew up in nz but then moved to spain when i was 8 . 
  in nz i went barefoot everywhere whereas it 's true that in spain this would be weird or simply not allowed ( like you probably would n't be allowed into a store with no shoes , for example , but this is fine in nz ) . 
  it took a bit of getting used to and even though i 've lived here for most of my life i always go barefoot at home or in my garden/patio , as well as occasionally on the walk to the beach in summer . 
  about taking your shoes off in someone else 's home ... 
  i do n't think there 's much of a rule to this . 
  i 've taken my shoes off plenty times in friends ' houses , especially if my shoes are dirty from rain/mud or something . 
  but it 's true that this is quite casual and unless you 're close to the person or are invited to take your shoes off , it could be too informal to do it . 
  u/moonfox21 , about japan , the logic behind taking shoes off is similar to keeping them on . 
  if you wear your shoes inside once or twice , the floor is already `` dirty '' from having been stepped on . 
  in this case , if you take your shoes off to not dirty the floor , in reality you 're just dirtying your feet or socks since the floor has already been trodded on . 
  it 's an `` always on '' or `` always off '' kind of thing . 
  or just wear slippers . 
  you understand this custom in japan but you say you do n't understand the spanish custom of keeping shoes on , i 'm saying that it 's the same explanation and reasoning behind the two . 
  personally , i do n't dislike night buses . 
  sure , they are n't * comfortable * , but they are * much * cheaper than the shinkansen . 
  i paid 12,500 yen for the bus pass , which is about 2500 yen/night ( 5 nights ) . 
  that 's a little less than i pay for a night in a hostel , so technically i did n't pay any extra on transportation by using the bus pass . 
  the shinkansen costs some 13,000 yen for a one way trip between tokyo and kyoto and the jr pass around 29,000 . 
  if i had to pay that amount of money i 'd simply skip going to kyoto altogether . 
  i understand that some people prefer convenience and/or comfort over money , but as a student i 'd definitely take a bus . 
  tokyo is n't as expensive as many people think it is . 
  being in asia it 's often compared to other asian countries , so of course it seems expensive then , but compared to europe the prices are about the same . 
  there are plenty of budget options in tokyo for those who do n't have that much money . 
  many people here are talking about buying a jr pass . 
  this is a discount used by those who want to do 2 + journeys on the shinkansen ( bullet train ) . 
  it pays off when doing long distances . 
  so you 'd want one if you plan to go from tokyo to kyoto , osaka , nara , hiroshima , shirakawa-go ( and many others ) and then back to tokyo , but you definitely wo n't want to buy a jr pass if you only plan to stay in tokyo and nearby towns/cities . 
  before buying a jr pass , have a bit of a route planned out to see if it would pay off . 
  i ca n't open it , using firefox on mac . 
  is this regular my maps though ? 
  i use them all the time to plan my own trips as well as calculating walking time and distances ( the cycling distances never seem to work well ) . 
  later i just take screenshots and take that with me . 
  [ here 's one ] ( https://www.google.com/maps/d/u/0/edit?mid=1-2ex8ejujbkjfryzzr2hh7zi4y4&amp;ll=34.404756112887696%2c132.6040457347657&amp;z=10 ) i shared quite some time ago , about things to do in hiroshima prefecture . 
  it may not be a good idea to let people here on reddit be able to edit your map though , in that case people often want to plan their own trip using the same map and most icons end up deleted . 
  they 're similar so really both work . 
  i 'd say the main difference is the icon customization of my maps , this is really useful if you have many starred places in the same area since only star icons can get confusing at times . 
  my maps also lets you write a description/note for the place ( plus adding your own photos ) , i use this a lot to link to people 's blog posts or convenient websites that i would like to read later . 
  for example , i have n't yet been to kyushu but i have a kyushu map full of pins with links that mention cool things and details about the places . 
  because it will still be at least a year until i go to kyushu , it 's good to have all of this accessible and remembered for when i need to plan my trip . 
  however , the saved places on google maps does tell you the opening/closing hours of different sites as well as other people 's reviews . 
  ah , i can open it now , for some reason . 
  i liked [ shigetsu ] ( http://www.tenryuji.com/shigetsu/#_=_ ) at tenryu-ji ( in arashiyama ) , but that may be too expensive for you . 
  i 'd recommend buying something cheap for both breakfast and dinner , that way you 'll have more money for lunch . 
  a max budget of 1300 yen/day on food is n't much if you 're wanting to try the best food . 
  yeah , but you said 12 usd a day for food , that 's about 1300 yen . 
  which is n't much . 
  that 's fine if you 're going between tokyo and osaka/kyoto , but if you 're going to sapporo , sendai , hiroshima , kumamoto , etc. , or more than just tokyo/kyoto in one trip , flying between all of them is n't cheap or even convenient .
