  it had no impact on the visit though . 
  catalan here , i always put the accents . 
  and in catalan they go both way , no s\u00f3lo cerrados , 
  i read it as ` fandoms trump hates ' . 
  plus some catalan groups : manel , gossos , sopa de cabra , sau . 
  ignore the question , it seems like they supported tokugawa !, 
  they were transferred from aizu to utsunomiya in 1598 ( the uesugi kept the lands for a couple of years ) but were moved back after the battle since ieyasu regarded utsunomiya as strategically important as the junction of the \u014csh\u016b kaid\u014d and the nikk\u014d kaid\u014d ( he gave it to one of his grandsons ) . 
  so they did n't really have any personal connection to uesugi , they were simply replaced by them in aizu . 
  reasons for being loyal to tokugawa could be :, 
  - gamo ujisato died suddenly in 1596 and some suspect that hideyoshi had had a hand in his demise . 
  - moving from aizu to utsunomiya signified a considerable loss of * koku * . 
  this looks very similar to an itinerary i 'm planning , except i 'm going castle hopping . 
  general recommendations :, 
  - matsudaira family residence ( look up \u990a\u6d69\u9928 \u677e\u5e73\u5bb6\u5225\u90b8 ), 
  - nata-dera temple ( matsuo basho went there , if i remember correctly ), 
  if you 're going through magome , i really recommend the naegi castle ruins nearby , i 've heard great things about them . 
  for what its worth , it may be easier to look at the map of jcastle rather than the ruins list . 
  if you 're going via shizuoka , the toro ruins and makinohara plateau ( shizuoka green tea ) with a bit of the paved tokaido nearby . 
  inuyama is unlikely to take more than half a day , even if you do visit all the many sites the city has to offer . 
  you could combine it with gifu city nearby . 
  gifu also has a reconstructed castle , as well as the kano castle ruins ( which also used to be a post town from the nakasendo ) , oda nobunaga 's residence ruins , sofukuji temple ( interesting history ) , etc. 
  they 'd make a good combination since both cities are pretty similar . 
  the sekigahara battlefield is also nearby . 
  i do n't really know any good hiking spots in the area but i think there 's probably a trail going from the ichij\u014ddani ruins to the ichijodaki waterfall nearby ( \u4e00\u4e57\u6edd ) . 
  you could also walk from nakatsugawa to magome and then to tsumago , rather than just doing magome  tsumago . 
  there 's a bit of paved nakasendo along there too , and nakatsugawa and ochiai-juku along the way were also post towns . 
  i always travel in june , so unfortunately i ca n't help you much with snow and winter conditions . 
  well , they do the omizu okuri ceremony ( \u82e5\u72ed\u306e\u304a\u6c34\u9001\u308a ) on march 2nd at jingu temple ( obama , fukui prefecture ) , you might want to look into that . 
  if not , they 're also doing the hadaka oshiai matsuri , `` naked festival '' , at bishamon-do temple ( yamato , niigata ) the next day . 
  loved it !, 
  when booking a flight i do n't care much about any of the features you 've mentioned . 
  i look at :, 
  - cheapest, 
  - layover not less than 1h30min, 
  - arrival to destination in the evening ( too tired to do anything the first day , best to get some sleep ), 
  - departure of the return flight not before 9-10am ( otherwise i may have to sleep at the airport if public transportation stops during the night ), 
  - safety and organisation of the place i 'm doing the layover, 
  i do like to pick my seats though . 
  english is kind of my first language , but so is catalan ( i also speak spanish and a bit of french ) . 
  i feel like this is important to say . 
  by the way , the japanese words are very confusing , it could be a good idea to write the hiragana or katakana next to the romaji . 
  for example , when it said ` kappu ' the only thing i could think of was * kappa * , because ` kappu ' to me does n't mean anything as i would n't write it like that . 
  many words in japanese are understood by the characters they 're written with . 
  i usually travel from spain to asia so they 're pretty long flights for me ( 9h or so ) , i always get there exhausted . 
  i like choosing the isle seats in these cases . 
  i always travel to japan solo , as someone who is very interested in history , castles and more off the beaten path places ( as well as a big cheapo ) , i have n't found anyone that could put up with my style of travel . 
  i 've been to thailand , but not alone . 
  i think the biggest difference between the two would be the type of travellers you 'd find in each country . 
  thailand hostels usually have the more backpacker type ( especially young guys ) and people who are staying in one place for a while , while people in japan 's hostels i 've found usually travel in groups and are there for a shorter time before moving to the next city . 
  of course there 's a bit of both everywhere , but that 's what i 'd say is the biggest differences . 
  japan hostels are also cleaner most of the time . 
  there are plenty hostels and guest houses all over the country . 
  the big three ( tokyo-kyoto-osaka ) have dozens and dozens to choose from , places like hiroshima / nara / nagoya tend to have between 5-10 and other general big cities usually have a couple or three to choose from . 
  if you plan to go to less visited places prices for hostels tend to go up ( from 2500 to 3500-4000 ) and sometimes may be hard to find a place to sleep inside that specific town or city , but with a bit of luck there 'll be something in the city next-door . 
  plenty people do hiroshima + miyajima in one day , it 's definitely doable even if you do want to go to the museum . 
  if you 're hoping to go up mt.misen then that would be difficult . 
  if you could stay the night in hiroshima that may be a good idea , osaka castle + dotonbori do n't really take that long to see . 
  it 's against the sub rules to disagree / agree without explaining or giving a reason . 
  ! disagreewithop, 
  - people overestimate how capable of `` control '' they are . 
  also , finding out exactly where the tolerance level in every person lies is too difficult , probably a lot of money and not worth it just because some people like to drink and want to drink more while driving . 
  - there can be no room for doubt when making laws that could kill or save someone 's life , so even if that amount wo n't affect you or some other people , best not to risk it . 
  - `` is being drunk/buzzed the worst state to be in while behind the wheel ? '' no , but that does n't mean it 's okay . 
  say , i get to punch someone or slap someone . 
  punching someone usually hurts more , but does that mean slapping is okay simply because something worse exists ? 
  - impaired means to be weakened , functioning poorly or inadequately or simply incompetent , it 's definition per se does not mention that drug or alcohol have to be involved ( drugs and alcohol are certainly a good way to get impaired though ) . 
  people with schizophrenia actually improve with their drugs ( or simply do not respond to medications ) , and as such does not qualify as impairment . 
  also , people with schizophrenia have to take their medicine on the regular , not before driving , and i do n't think forgetting a day would have serious consequences since it 's accumulative . 
  - if you drink * while * driving , then you 're taking your eyes of the road in order to drink and that 's dangerous . 
  considering you are incapable of knowing every women that meets such conditions , i do n't think `` personal experience '' is a good enough reason to state that such a large number of the population is crazy ( and/or ) . 
  how many women as such have you actually dated ? 
  also , as someone who knows many women over 30 with no kids and never been married , i can confirm that none of them are as you discribe -- if it 's your personal experience against mine , i think i 'm going to trust myself . 
  basically you 're saying that a woman needs to have kids or be married in order to function properly , and that sounds like a very outdated mindset that i would 've hoped was near abolished . 
  polygamy is in reference to marrying more than one person ( which is illegal in many countries , including the us ) , while polyamory is only dating ( which is not illegal ) . 
  [ there are many different styles and types of polyamory . 
  while i am in favour of polyamory , i do n't really think you have the definition of what it implies fully understood . 
  polyamory is about trust and consent , every partner has a say in what they are okay with and are able to leave whenever . 
  what is considered cheating or not depends on the relationship . 
  `` one girl with three boyfriends who do n't know about each other is n't polyamorous , she 's cheating . '', 
  no , not necessarily . 
  if all three boyfriends know she is dating two others and are okay with it , then it is n't cheating . 
  they do n't actually have to meet for it to be okay . 
  this depends on every different relationship . 
  usually when getting involved with polyamory the people involved have a conversation about what they consider cheating or not . 
  me and my girlfriend have an open relationship . 
  while i only date her and do n't really want to date anyone else ( simply because i have n't found anyone else i 'm attracted to ) , she does go out with others occasionally and has an active sexual lifestyle . 
  we talked about this before dating and agreed to the conditions of what i felt confortable with her doing or not doing . 
  i do n't really care about meeting them , but i do want to see a photo of them or hear generally what level of intimacy they 're getting on if it 's not a one time thing . 
  in our case , it 's cheating if she does n't tell me she 's been with someone , if she `` keeps it a secret '' ; the amount of people or what she does with them are n't relevant and are n't cheating . 
  she could easily be with two ( or more ) guys . 
  this of course changes in every different relationship , some have different limits or what they consider cheating , and all are valid . 
  generally , it 's cheating if they break the arrangement . 
  if their arrangement says that the girl is allowed to date 3 + guys that do n't know each other , then it 's not cheating if everyone agrees to it . 
  remember , if everyone involved in the relationship consents to it then it 's okay . 
  there are no specific combinations that are okay or not okay in and of themselves . 
  2800 usd equals 315,848 yen , so for 21 days that 's about 15,000 yen a day . 
  honestly , on the cheap i 've spent on average 6700 yen a day , which included accomodation in hostels ' dorms , konbini food every day , almost not buying anything as souvenirs and transport by local train . 
  but most people do n't travel that way . 
  i do think the amount you have is good if you 're not intending to splurge . 
  separate the amount you 'd need to buy a jr pass if needed , and count from there .
