  it looks just like the photo does . 
  ah , it was n't my friend who fainted , it was me !, 
  i am feeling much better now , although yesterday i was still a bit down . 
  i went to the museum of farmhouses in the morning , which was great , and to osaka castle afterwards . 
  i spent much longer than expected at osaka castle , almost 3h , so by the time i finished it was around 4pm so i just found somewhere to eat and rest for a few hours ( ie , pack my bags for the flight ) . 
  osaka castle was much more packed with people than himeji castle was the day before !, 
  late afternoon i went to daiso and bought a whole lot of food to bring home with me , and the tanabata celebration along the river was really nice . 
  i saw sumiyoshi taisha this morning on my way to the airport . 
  the hostel i went to in tokyo last year was khaosan tokyo ninja , but they closed not long ago . 
  there are other hostels from the same chain though , and are all around 2500-3000 for a dorm ( look up khaosan ) . 
  i have never been to kyoto so i did n't sleep in any hostels there . 
  as for storage space , only three out of these had lockers but hiroshima and osaka had rooms especially for suitcases . 
  have many tourists , and usually have people who carry a lot of luggage , so they usually have somewhere you can leave your bags or at least your valuables more safely . 
  you can check your hostel 's website for details about this . 
  since i only carry a smaller bag ( size school bag ) , i usually just sleep with it next to me and that 's it . 
  none had curfew , although around 10pm or so the staff goes to sleep . 
  when you check in they should give you a key or a code to type into the door lock if you 'll be out later than that . 
  i actually wrote down all the daily costs while i was there , and after adding it all up it was about 6700\u5186 a day ( including accommodation ) . 
  that is low budget though . 
  just did a post about it in more depth : https://www.reddit.com/r/japantravel/comments/4sc50s/budget_breakdown_from_my_recent_trip/, 
  on my first trip i had 15,000 \u5186 a day and i had more than enough money to splurge on junk . 
  i think 10,000 \u5186 a day is a good amount for a first trip . 
  ( 100 bucks means us dollars ? ), 
  i went to many small towns where nobody spoke english . 
  in fact , i spent three days speaking no english whatsoever , and although i know basic japanese words , there 's no way i can have a conversation with it or understand a proper full sentence . 
  at the hostel they only spoke japanese and , funny thing , a bit of spanish . 
  sure , you wo n't be having any conversations , but for getting around as a tourist , especially in kyoto / osaka / tokyo / hiroshima there are signs in english around the tourist attractions and in stations and people are very helpful if you are lost even if neither of you speak the same language . 
  if there were no pictures i just pointed to the cheapest thing on the menu and ate whatever they brought me . 
  of course the more you know the better , that is what i said , but if they do n't and do n't have the time ( or , let 's be honest , the will ) to learn , then i do n't think they 'd have that much of a hard time . 
  yeah , just one bento was fine for me . 
  there are different sizes and the price difference is n't that much ( from 300 to 600\u5186 for one ) , so you could get the larger ones if you feel like you do n't have enough . 
  unfortunately they did n't seem to carry much protein , so i usually bought a separate boiled egg to go with it . 
  i think the cheapest ramen i saw was 113\u5186 , and from there all the way to 500\u5186 or so . 
  i 'd say the average was around 250\u5186 . 
  yeah , i was alone and i was there for two weeks ( 14 full days + 1 morning ) . 
  well , i usually bought a bento or two every day ( which means chopsticks , sometimes a plastic spoon , the container , a wet tissue ) , snacks for during the day with their respective wrappings and the plastic bag this comes in . 
  plus any pamphlets , receipts or tickets that i somehow ended up with . 
  it 's may not be much , but it does occupy a lot of space in my small backpack , and compared to barcelona where i can throw away anything just as i need to i found that there were n't many . 
  rainbow_city , many days i did n't ride the train , i decided to walk or take buses or trams , or i used the train early morning to move to a different town before i had any rubbish with me . 
  i do n't think i ever used a station rubbish bin . 
  and i am a lady folk , btw !, 
  ah , you 're right !, 
  i never knew which exit to take and always went with whichever . 
  it only worked about half the time though haha, 
  ah , sorry , i did n't make myself clear . 
  i was there for 14 days plus a morning . 
  yeah , i was talking cup ramen , if you go out to eat it does get more expensive at around 400-800 as gibagger said . 
  well , i had done more planning this time and i knew more about japanese history and culture in general , so that was definitely a plus . 
  i was able to visit many places that interested me for my own reasons , rather than just going to the more touristy sites , so i think i was able to make the most out of the places i visited . 
  something i did do different from my first trip was slow down instead of trying to cram everything into one day , i think i did well with that even if sometimes i even had a bit of spare time to rest . 
  this year was much hotter than last year although they were more or less the same dates . 
  i 'll try not to go again during the summer , because i have very low blood pressure and faint easily with the heat !, 
  but both were great , and i 'm sure the third will also live up to them !, 
  many people spend twice as much , so be careful you do n't show up without enough money !, 
  you should n't worry much about it . 
  gestures , exclamations , showing an image or word written down , etc. 
  will get you a long way . 
  that being said , the more you know the better , and do try to at least learn basic words like please , thank you , excuse me , where is the station ... i studied a bit of japanese a few years ago ( i 've forgotten most of it now ) , i know how to read hiragana and katakana ( though very slowly ) but hardly any kanji . 
  as for speaking , i know basic words and phrases but not enough for conversation . 
  what i probably used the most as a solo traveller was ` shashin o totte itadakemasu ka ? ' -- ` can you take a photo of me ? ' . 
  well , i think the website is good and has many sites that are less known to tourists . 
  nice work !, 
  i do have a couple of comments though . 
  first of all , you 're missing mie prefecture !, 
   second , it seems a bit strange that you put the names of the prefectures in all cases , but only ` kobe ' in the case of hyogo prefecture . 
  i think it would be good to call it hyogo even if there is only information about kobe ( and himeji ) , and maybe try to add something further north on the map ? 
  it says under negorodera temple ( wakayama-ken ) `` negorodera is still gorgeous as the 82th temple of the shikoku pilgrimage [ ... ] '' . 
  how is it a temple along the pilgrimage if it is in wakayama and not in shikoku ? 
  i did n't know tama the station master had died !, 
  i did n't buy much compared to my first trip . 
  i think in total i bought : temple stamp book ( + 6 temple stamps ) , two tenugui towels ( 856\u5186 the two ) , a book from hiroshima peace museum , miyajima rice scoop ( 360\u5186 ) , an ema board and an omamori ( and other things like an umbrella , batteries , band aids ... that i used while there ) . 
  i wrote down how much money i spent here : https://www.reddit.com/r/japantravel/comments/4sc50s/budget_breakdown_from_my_recent_trip/, 
  as for where i went , i started in himeji , went down to hiroshima with a few stops on the way , and turned around making it back to osaka ( left through kansai airport ) . 
  sawara is a smaller town and with just half a day you 'll just about see everything there is to offer ( http://japan-chiba-guide.com/en/plan/course-04.html ) . 
  maybe you 'll want to add kashima jingu , a highly underrated shrine with spacious grounds . 
  the small museum there houses the largest sword in japan . 
  are you coming from narita airport ? 
  if so , i highly recommend a stop at narita town itself for shinsh\u014d-ji temple is one of my favourites . 
  also check out the boso no mura historic village nearby ( https://www.chiba-muse.or.jp/mura/index.html ) . 
  sakura town also has the national museum of japanese history in sakura , although that might be a bit out of the way . 
  if you have an extra day you do n't know what to do with in t\u00f4hoku , aizu-wakamatsu is one of my favourite cities ( do n't forget to look up sazae-do while there ! ) . 
  between osaka and fukuoka you may be interested in kurashiki and okayama , mt.shosha , takahashi and/or fukiya furusato , shimonoseki and kitakyushu , or there are many smaller towns that do n't offer much as of tourism but might be nice to walk through or take it easy for a spare day . 
  for what it 's worth though , i just spent almost a week in hiroshima and found plenty to do , so a repeat visit could also be nice . 
  and true , in wakayama prefecture the train line only goes alone the coast and further inland you 'd have to rely on buses . 
  wakayama city itself should be worth a day though , and many people like shirahama . 
  i never thought tokyo was lacking in , as the text says , `` japanese authenticity '' . 
  sure , there may not be as many traditional sites compared to other cities and towns of the country ( although there are still plenty ) but there are many things that make it part of japan and incompatible with any other country . 
  the sound of the traffic lights , the vending machines , signs hanging from the sides of buildings all the way to the roofs , the ding dong noise as you go into a konbini and the way the workers talked and bowed politely , yellow bumpy lines on the sidewalks , the celotape shops would stick to the plastic bag with your purchase , the adverts on the trains , the speaker voice on the trains saying ` mamonaku ' before every stop ... to me , it 's these things that make up japan , and tokyo was full of them everywhere . 
  it would never have occurred to me as i walked down a street in asakusabashi to say that tokyo was lacking in authenticity , because it had all of these things that make it japanese without question . 
  tokyo could n't be from any other country other than japan . 
   it is not a humane city : people are stacked on top of one another in cubicle apartments like battery farmed chickens . 
  calling it inhumane is a bit of a stretch ... i loved my capsule hotel and was there for two weeks ( i am pretty tall ) . 
  while i 'm sure some people may live a bit too cramped , i think living in a smaller house is something that is very positive ; less cleaning , less walking around , less buying junk and wasting money ... i personally aspire to live in a tiny house . 
  most people are n't unhappy living in tokyo . 
   people are more concerned with ridiculous , anime-inspired outfits and owl cafes than anything of real substance . 
  i think this person only spent a couple of days in tokyo , and visited only harajuku-shibuya , shinjuku , ginza , etc. 
  which would explain many of the things they are saying . 
  me having been two weeks in tokyo but in harajuku only on a midweek morning , i did n't see anyone at all in a ` ridiculous , anime-inspired outfit ' . 
  should n't one question their notion of what is a ` ridiculous ' outfit when so many people enjoy dressing that way ? 
  is it ridiculous simply because it does n't fit with the author 's ` normal ' ?
