  it 's hard to pick which places to go to when everywhere seems so interesting , but i think you should keep it simple . 
  kamakura is a place i really loved , if you 're looking to get out of tokyo you can stay in kamakura for a night and do enoshima the next morning before going back to tokyo . 
  definitely worth spending time in narita !, 
  even if it 's just a quick stopover , the temple ( naritasan shinsh\u014d-ji ) is really beautiful . 
  if you have a bit more time http://thoughtandsight.com/24-hours-in-narita-city-japan/, 
  monday seems a bit busy imo . 
  starting the morning in asakusa would be a good idea , before 10am senso-ji is pretty empty and it 's nice to see the neighbourhood come to life as the day begins ( does asakasa refer to asakusa ? 
  if so , why is it repeated twice on monday and thursday ? ) . 
  for day hikes i second mt.takao . 
  maybe even go down to kamakura and do one of the trails around there if you want to add a bit of sightseeing too https://tokyoanecdote.wordpress.com/2016/02/27/daibutsu-hiking-trail-kamakura/, 
  haha i 'm obsessed with them, 
  you 're welcome :d, 
  hmm , there are many guides that have about the same function but are free . 
  if you 're looking for pdf versions , check out http://www.gotokyo.org/book/tokyo_handy_guide/book.pdf ( also includes maps ), 
  http://www.jnto.go.jp/eng/yourguide/eng.pdf for a general read of japan culture to get you situated + a couple of pages about tokyo, 
  http://guides.tripomatic.com/download/tripomatic-free-city-guide-tokyo.pdf not much information but detailed for what it does have . 
  if you 're leaving tomorrow and do n't have anything planned then these will keep you entertained for a few days . 
  i did n't really add any of these towns close by because they are n't really hiroshima , but i guess i could expand to hiroshima prefecture as a whole . 
  thanks for the restaurant btw !, 
  done , upgraded to hiroshima prefecture haha, 
  i had no idea that mihara was a shinkansen stop , i thought it went from fukuyama straight to hiroshima . 
  though it makes sense considering the airport is right there . 
  i 'll be going to onomichi in a couple of weeks so thanks for the recommendation !, 
  i was planning to just find any random place serving onomichi ramen haha, 
  great , thank you !, 
  great , thank you !, 
  great , thank you !, 
  i think the days are a bit empty . 
  for example , you could easily do yoyogi park and meiji shrine along with harajuku and shibuya in the same day since they are all right next to each other . 
  to do all this i took until lunch time , but you could easily stay longer if you are into shopping or would like to look around more . 
  akihabara does n't need a full day either . 
  even for myself who is a huge manga fan i was there about three hours max before wanting to leave ( though i did go there every evening ) . 
  maybe you can combine ueno + akihabara together . 
  stores in akihabara close at around 8pm . 
  which month is this ? 
  mt.fuji hiking season is roughly july-august . 
  if you plan to look at it from further away ( for example hakone ) then the best months are between october - february and you might not see it during the other months . 
  if the hotels / hostels / ryokans / whatever are n't booked yet , you might want to swap around the itinerary a bit and stay a night in kamakura , the next morning heading up to tokyo again stopping at yokohama along the way . 
  it 'll save you a bit of money and kamakura is a really nice place ( for one night you can leave your luggage in the tokyo hotel you 'll be staying ) . 
  i spent two weeks in tokyo and did n't regret not going to kyoto at all . 
  tokyo ( + nikko and kamakura ) are great , you 'll have a fantastic time even if kyoto is n't included . 
  if trying new food is a favourite , then okinawa is a great place for that . 
  it would be best to stick to the main island though , travelling to islands nearby ( especially ishigaki and those in the area ) will take up a lot of time and money , when the main island has plenty of beaches also . 
  i think it 's a good itinerary though of course i ca n't comment on particular plans of sightseeing . 
  good luck !, 
  done !, 
  i ca n't seem to find the okitayama you speak of ( keeps dropping on kitayama station ) . 
  are those the cedar trees forest ? 
  on my trip i went to mount takao because i was promised views of mount fuji from the top ( easy walk btw , also went in late june ) but i saw nothing other than grey skies . 
  while hakone is a nice place if you want to see mt.fuji the closer you get to it the better , so kawaguchiko and the lakes would be a better option . 
  there are plenty of things to do around there too , do n't forget to look up the wind and ice caves before going !, 
  closer to the station you have the fujiyama museum which is a close second if you ca n't see mt.fuji itself haha , and kitaguchihongu fujisengen shrine there is really beautiful too . 
  you do n't have asakusa or odaiba on your list , that could be your spare day . 
  if you go early to asakusa senso-ji ( any time before 9-10am ) you 'll have the shrine all to yourself and will get to see the neighbourhood slowly, 
  come to life as the new day starts . 
  you can also walk down kappabashi next to it for some fun shopping ( asakusa is great for souvenirs , it has many shops selling more traditional items . 
  kappabashi is the kitchen street of tokyo , you can find a lot of fake food models there that are cool to look through though a bit expensive ) . 
  there are boats going from asakusa pier to odaiba , the artificial island of tokyo which could occupy the rest of your day . 
  well , in between osaka/kyoto and hiroshima there are many things to see . 
  kurashiki is becoming increasingly popular because of the canal and boats , and you could combine that with a visit to okayama castle + korakuen ( one of the top three gardens in japan ! ), 
  i 've only ever heard good reviews about the kibi plain ( cycling through rice fields visiting shrines ) and the onomichi temple walk too . 
  kamakura might 've been one of my favourite day trips from tokyo , so do n't forget to look into that !, 
  for day trips from kyoto , i really like uji too . 
  the jr pass is n't always a ` must ' for getting around . 
  on both my trips i have n't used it and it did turn out cheaper than if i 'd bought one . 
  it depends a lot on the route of the traveller ( if they 're doing the standard tokyo-kyoto-osaka-hiroshima then it would be recommended though ) . 
  the jr pass usually pays off with multiple shinkansen rides , but there are definitely cheaper ways to move around too ( night buses , local trains basically ) . 
  i suggest you add in the links other ways of transportation between narita and tokyo so they can choose which would work best for them . 
  also add hyperdia and japan-guide . com there to help with the planning !, 
  1 ) i do n't think you 're being ` silly ' since you are deciding what best fits into your interests . 
  in my opinion osaka does n't interest me too much and i find there are much more interesting things to do in the area , so i think you 're fine with just one day . 
  the castle and dotonbori are the main sights anyway . 
  2 ) fushimi inari can be anywhere between 30min to a few hours , depending on whether you want to go up the whole mountain or not . 
  many people recommend doing fushimi inari later since it does n't close at night , so i suggest you start the days as early as possible at kinkaku-ji and kiyomizudera which fill up quickly with tourists and ruins the charm of the place . 
  you might be interested in gion for day 11/14 . 
  also , you can always stay in a ryokan in kyoto . 
  when at himeji castle you should buy the combination ticket and also go into the garden next door ( koko-en ) , since it will only cost you an extra 30yen and it 's really worth it . 
  i do n't usually recommend this , but with your extra time you might want to go to hon-tatsuno station near himeji if you 're looking for a more ` off-the-beaten-path ' destination . 
  they have a soy sauce museum as well as some castle ruins , and the whole neighbourhood is a preserved district that is beautiful . 
  or go to kurashiki instead , the canal area is nice even after dark . 
  the tokyo national museum is in ueno park , so i think that goes with the itinerary for fri 17th . 
  in my opinion going up the skytree is n't really necessary . 
  the steel structure can be admired from below , and if what you want are the views the tokyo metropolitan government building in shinjuku offers free views of the city . 
  ( actually , the tower can be seen from asakusa shrine too ), 
  during my trip to tokyo i had the grutt pass http://www.japanvisitor.com/japan-city-guides/grutt-pass-museums ( 2000yen ) that gave me lots of discounts for museums . 
  i did go to many museums though , but you might want to check out the list of facilities and see if it would pay off for the places you want to go to . 
  i have n't been to these places myself since i did n't cover them on my first trip , but i 've heard good things about them . 
  have you checked out kagurazaka district ? 
  ( near iidabashi station ) the yanaka and nezu areas are two of my favourites and i 've recently heard about tokyo todoroki valley just outside of the city . 
  tokyo ikegami baien and ikegamihonmonji are also worth a visit . 
  edit : ah , i see adreamgonebad already recommended todoroki valley, 
  haha there are always new things to discover in big cities like kyoto and tokyo !, 
  i 've actually never been to kyoto , there are so many places that are higher up on my must-see list first , i think it 's still going to be a few years before i actually go xd, 
  yeah , i 'm much less worried now . 
  i 'll bring the name ibuprofen with the japanese translation in case they ask . 
  thanks for all the answers !, 
  ( would i be able to take the three packets ? ), 
  halloween in japan is pretty popular , though people do tend to have their own parties and as a tourist it might be hard to see . 
  shibuya saw a big street halloween party a few years ago , you might want to check out https://www.tofugu.com/japan/halloween-in-japan/ to see what it 's like . 
  i think you should move one of your osaka days to kyoto .
