  while osaka is of course great , if you 're going to tokyo it ends up being pretty similar . 
  actually , with 6 days in tokyo , i think you could take one of them and make a day-trip to somewhere around osaka-kyoto . 
  try himeji castle , hiroshima + miyajima , uji or maybe a stop somewhere along the way as you make yourself to tokyo . 
  i also went up trail 6 !, 
  and i went down trail 6 again because i missed the turn-off for inariyama trail * sigh *, 
  if you are looking for something other than big buildings , shopping , nightlife , drinking , clubbing , etc. 
  ( that 's how shinjuku is , btw ) then there are neighbourhoods in tokyo that offer a different pace of life . 
  as they 've already suggested , asakusa would be your best bet . 
  if you 're staying there do n't forget to wake up early one day and see asakusa shrine while the shops are still closed ; they have pictures on the shutters that are really beautiful , and the streets in the area are empty early in th morning and you can see the lanterns and colours for what they are without the people . 
  i would n't say kamakura or nikko are better than tokyo , mostly just different . 
  i would suggest staying the night in kamakura , there are many things to see that could keep you entertained beyond a day trip . 
  bizen is n't really a ` touristy ' area . 
  that being said , there are still things to do in and around that could be enjoyable . 
  the station you 're looking for if you want to see pottery is called imbe station . 
  just next to the station there are two pottery museums : the municipal bizen museum and the contemporary bizen museum . 
  i 'd personally recommend the contemporary one to see a bit more of the modern pieces and bizen pottery applied to different areas of arts , and then take a walk through the town . 
  there are galleries where you can see displays of more traditional pottery in the windows . 
  some restaurants in the area also serve the meals on bizen pottery . 
  you 'll also see many chimneys and some kilns if you 're lucky . 
  tenshin shrine is maybe the most popular in town , it has two komainu ( lion-dog statues ) made out of bizen-yaki and a wall of tiles . 
  the tiles on the roof are also made out of bizen-yaki . 
  at the other side of the station you can find a workshop where you can make your own pottery ; studio mugen , i think behind it they also have a big kiln that you can look around and see how they stack the pottery inside . 
  on the way there you 'll cross the ruins of an old kiln ( i think it dates back to the early edo period ) , search for \u4f0a\u90e8\u5357\u5927\u7aaf\u8de1 . 
  for swords it 's the station next to it ( kagato station ) , this area is technically part of osafune but many consider it bizen anyway . 
  you can sometimes see sword smiths in action at bizen osafune japanese sword museum ( search for \u5099\u524d\u9577\u8239\u5200\u5263\u535a\u7269\u9928 to find it 's location on google maps ) , and if not then they still have the swords on display . 
  as a side note , also in bizen is the shizutani school , the first public school of japan !, 
  but to access this you 're better off reaching it from yoshinaga station at the other side of town ( 40min walk from there ) or taking a taxi . 
  it could be a good half-day trip ( or a full day if you 're really really invested in pottery ) . 
  i 'm pairing it up with ako next door , which is the town home to the 47 ronin . 
  okayama and kurashiki are also really close if you 're looking for something else to do . 
  well , northern chugoku ( shimane , tottori ) are two of the less visited areas of japan , and precisely because of this they are really trying to promote tourism and have lots of discounts for international visitors . 
  there 's no shinkansen passing through , but you can go there from hiroshima via locals ( the bus was only 500yen last time i checked too ) . 
  both matsue and izumo can easily keep you entertained for two days , and if you want a bit more then yonago and sakaiminato are also right there . 
  aizu-wakamatsu is also a personal favourite of mine , check out sazae-do , enzoji , the castle , the nisshin-kan han school , mount iimori and any number of lacquer or other craft shops . 
  what are your interests though ? 
  it 's hard to recommend without knowing what you like . 
  for me any of the medium-sized cities would be good with two days ( fukui , kanazawa , takayama , matsumoto , sendai , morioka ... ) and if you choose two that are close by you could easily make that 4-5 days in the area with a trip to a smaller place in between . 
  i also second going down into kyushu as another poster said . 
  check out these two pages http://www.insidekyoto.com/kyoto-events-july and http://www.kyotoguide.com/ver2/thismonth/gionmatsuri.html for what events they do in kyoto during july, 
  really the only thing i have marked on my map between kyoto and obama is miyama town , a historic village with thatched roofs , though closer to kyoto you come across kibune and kurama and sanzenin . 
  if you 're passing by closer to lake biwa you can check out shirahige jinja , otsu and cross over into kyoto over mt.hiei . 
  between kyoto and osaka you can make stops at uji , the slide of takatsuki ( http://regex.info/blog/2013-11-03/2329 ) , the tower of the sun , open air museum of japanese farmhouses ... 
  parfaits are easy to find in kyoto , just google ` kyoto parfait ' and many restaurants will appear ( i ca n't recommend any personally since i 've never even tried a parfait before ) . 
  nishiki market is also in the centre of kyoto . 
  i had it on my maps next to takatsuki station for further research , but after looking into it it seems like it 's further north , next to takatsukikashida hot spring ( type \u5c71\u3073\u3053\u306e\u68ee \u30a2\u30b9\u30ec\u30c1\u30c3\u30af\u904a\u5177\u5e83\u5834 into google maps or 34.94402 , 135.59814 ) . 
  so it might not be along your route any more . 
  sorry about that . 
  i would n't go to nara . 
  of course it 's great and beautiful and impressive ( there are many sites that fit that description ) , but you barely have a day and a half in kyoto . 
  you really do n't need to add another city to your list or you 'll spend more time moving around than actually enjoying the place . 
  nara deserves at the very very least a couple of hours ( + travel time ) . 
  arashiyama ( where the bamboo forest and monkey park are located ) also has many more things to do if you wo n't be going to the mint museum ; see otagi nenbutsu-ji , adashino nenbutsu-ji ( + the preserved street ) , gio-ji , okochi sanso villa , tenryuji , j\u014djakuk\u014d-ji , rakushisha poet 's hut , togetsukyo bridge ... which are all right next to where you 'll be going . 
  have in mind that the bamboo forest is open 24/7 and you can go there after the other places close at around 5pm . 
  a bit more than a month in advance in both cases . 
  when i booked for tokyo there were very few beds left in the dorm so i had to make three different reservations in different rooms and one of the days was completely full so i decided to sleep in kamakura . 
  when i booked for hiroshima and osaka there were also few left , but not so exaggerated as in tokyo . 
  i 've had no problem with smaller towns . 
  so i 'd say you 'll be perfectly fine with two months in advance if you 're going to places along the golden route . 
  the inland sea is great !, 
  if you 're wanting to go to an island or two , okunoshima and naoshima ( and of course miyajima if you 're going to hiroshima ) are the most popular . 
  others include etajima for cycling ( accessible from hiroshima and kure ) , the akinada island chain which you can join together with the shimanami kaido already mentioned in another comment , shodoshima ( accessible from many places , might want to combine it with kurashiki and okayama ) , megijima ( accessible from takamatsu on shikoku ) and many * many * more . 
  as for what to do on the coast , there are bigger cities and towns that can be interesting ; hiroshima , iwakuni , yanai , onomichi , fukuyama , kurashiki , okayama , the kibi plain , takahashi , bizen , ako ... one of my favourites is fukiya furusato ( take a bus from takahashi ) . 
  alternately you could go to the shikoku side of the sea with visits to matsuyama , imabari , niihama and takamatsu . 
  maybe even awaji island . 
  ps : there are many festivals going on in august , so check to see if you coincide with any !, 
  i agree with merging osaka and kyoto . 
  usually the rainy season is from mid-june to mid-july ( though it 's already started this year ) , so really they 're in for the obnoxious heat of the summer more than rain . 
  matsushima is pretty far away though ( sendai-tokyo are about two hours away from each other via shinkansen , that 's like doing a day trip to hikone from tokyo ) , so if you do plan to go up there i 'd plan to stay the night so you do n't feel too rushed . 
  showing up in japan without really even having a route to follow is going to be a difficult trip , it would 've been much much easier to have a more clear idea of what you wanted to do even if you 'd just started planning a few days in advance . 
  at this point you can no longer buy a jr pass , i do n't know if you 've booked the hotels which you should definitely get covered quickly if you have n't already , etc. 
  since you 're already there or arriving soon , i 'd say look up this page http://gotokyo.org/en/tourists/areas/index.html for ideas on what to do in each area , find yourself a map ( if you look at a map you 'll see that you can do harajuku + shibuya in one day , ueno and akihabara in another day , asakusa + boat to odaiba in another day ... ) and just wing it as best as you can . 
  at this time of the year mt.fuji is hard to see from far away , so from hakone or mt.takao you probably wo n't see it . 
  you should go as close as possible to fujikawaguchiko ( do n't forget kitaguchihongu fujisengen shrine and the fujiyama museum while you 're there and , of course in your case , the visitor center ) . 
  on both my trips ( visiting both cities and rural towns ) i 've never needed it and did n't buy any portable wi-fi or data . 
  that being said , i am a heavy planner and already have everything i need from all the train connections sorted out , timetables , all of the maps i need to find a place , opening-closing times and fares , basic or useful phrases in japanese ( i only read hiragana and katakana ) , information about the places i 'll be going to ( like a guide book basically ) , etc. 
  i usually had free wifi at the hostels in the evenings though . 
  wifi in the streets in japan is hard to come by and sometimes even hard to connect to ( you have to create an account , then wait , then it does n't really work anyway , or at least that 's my experience ) . 
  if you plan to not have an available connection , make sure your trip is already well planned and do n't rely on wifi from the streets or cafes . 
  i would definitely stay with just tokyo + a few days trips . 
  i spent two weeks in tokyo on my first trip and there 's still plenty left to do . 
  you do n't have to be especially fit to climb mt.fuji , many people of all ages and experiences do it every year . 
  you should choose the yoshida trail ( the easiest and most used , best for first-timers and those not experienced in climbing ) . 
  that being said , do n't underestimate the mountain ; two of the most important things to mention for me would be altitude sickness and the cold . 
  even more experienced hikers and climbers sometimes have altitude sickness on mt.fuji while they have been fine on taller and more strenuous mountains , this is because when climbing mt.fuji you gain a lot of altitude very quickly . 
  to do your best to avoid altitude sickness make sure you ascend slowly and take many stops along the trail to get accustomed to the different levels of oxygen , stay very hydrated and eat and try to be in your best condition at the start ( not tired ) . 
  the oxygen tanks they sell at the bottom and along the way have different reviews , some people say it helped , others say it made it worse . 
  since it 's august it will be very hot in tokyo , but the higher to the summit you get , the colder it will be . 
  make sure to bring a jacket and stay very warm !, 
  being cold can also help cause altitude sickness . 
  you can start off with this as an introduction http://www.fujiyama-navi.jp/fujitozan/knowledge/lang/en/ but make sure you read a lot about mt.fuji and other people 's hiking experiences there before you leave . 
  you do n't have to sign up to climb mt.fuji ( though entrance fee is 1,000 yen ) , but there are many tours and guides if you would prefer . 
  sorry i ca n't recommend any since i 've never used any . 
  about tokyo-kyoto ; i 'd probably say half and half would be fine , but of course it depends on your interests . 
  both are great bases if you want to do a quick day-trip to somewhere nearby ( ex . 
  kamakura for tokyo , nara from kyoto ) , but also offer plenty of things to do if you prefer to stay in the city only . 
  there are many trails to choose from for climbing mt.fuji , read up on it and see what best fits your experience / interests . 
  just a quick note though , even more experienced hikers and climbers sometimes have altitude sickness on mt.fuji while they have been fine on taller and more strenuous mountains , this is because when climbing mt.fuji you gain a lot of altitude very quickly . 
  to do your best to avoid altitude sickness make sure you ascend slowly and take many stops along the trail to get accustomed to the different levels of oxygen , stay very hydrated and eat and try to be in your best condition at the start ( not tired ) . 
  the oxygen tanks they sell at the bottom and along the way have different reviews , some people say it helped , others say it made it worse . 
  since it 's august it will be very hot in tokyo , but the higher to the summit you get , the colder it will be .
