  ( is n't that what they used to say about a woman wearing pants ? ), 
  i do n't see how street fashion is ridiculous , in any case it is fun and interesting . 
  either way , youngsters gather in harajuku to show their outfit : it 's their pastime , their day off , their hobby . 
  i do n't see why we should be shaming anyone for having a bit of fun on a sunday morning after having worked hard all week ( because school students in japan definitely work hard ) . 
  there are also plenty of other hobbies that are n't productive , not belonging only to tokyo people . 
  and is n't personal expression something of substance ? 
  i think personal expression is important , and it is part of everyone 's lives , whether they decide to go full out with their lolita outfits or simply wearing a certain colour tie for a meeting . 
  but to say that japanese people in tokyo are all more concerned about this than other things ` of real substance ' is ignoring all their work and effort they put into , well , anything and everything else . 
  i do hate animal caf\u00e9s though haha, 
   local popular culture is also incredibly infantile and completely devoid of any sort of edge, 
  if the adults and teens enjoy it , can it still be considered infantile ? 
   the staid rigidity of japan, 
  why would japan be considered rigid ? 
  all in all , it 's okay if the author did n't like their trip to tokyo . 
  it happens . 
  in all honesty , though i do n't really like to admit it irl , i did n't like my trip to india ( and i feel bad about it when i meet people who have travelled the world , people who are more adventurous or fit the ` backpacker stereotype ' better than i do ) . 
  but not every country and city is made for everyone . 
  each traveller has their own style and likes different places . 
  i 'm sure the author would 've enjoyed their stay in tokyo much more if they had avoided neighbourhoods like harajuku-shibuya , shinjuku and ginza , because they have an ambience that clearly is n't what the author was looking for . 
  tokyo is huge , there are so many areas that do n't fit at all with the text description . 
  japan is fashionable at the moment . 
  a few years ago , before the ` nerd is cool ' thing going on , japan did n't have the amount of tourists it has today ( seriously , i was there two weeks ago and i came across four groups of people from barcelona in only a week . 
  four !, 
  which equated to sixteen individuals . 
  and the barcelona manga convention is a swarm of bodies : easily doubling the amount of visitors who were there only five years ago ) . 
  and with this it is expected that there will be hype around it . 
  for me , japan was n't overwhelming , it was n't weird or ` cool ' , did n't have that ` wow ' factor , the lights and night and music and futuristic tech did n't make me fall off my seat in wonder and astonishment . 
  there was no culture shock . 
  no nervousness . 
  ( i admit though , it is very hard for me to be surprised , i ca n't even remember the last time i felt that something was ` weird ' . 
  i guess i do tend to take things as they come pretty easily . ), 
  but it was nice . 
  it was simple and easy and clean and a very much needed breathe from my day to day life . 
  it felt natural to me , not a mind-blowing experience . 
  familiar . 
  but there was enough to keep me excited as a tourist , and although everything was n't amazing , it 's a country i love and want to go to again . 
  but i do agree with one thing the text says . 
  if someone is expecting japan to live up to the weird the internet and stereotypes suggest , then i 'm sure they will come back disappointed . 
  if they want to see manga and anime at every step , they will come back disappointed . 
  if they expect kyoto and osaka and tokyo -- or really any cemented city around the world -- to be ` beautiful ' , they will come back disappointed . 
  if they want to experience something they should look for it and if they are n't interested , avoid it . 
  but do n't show up at harajuku and shibuya and then come back saying that tokyo is drowning in consumerism . 
  because those neighbourhoods are the shopping districts of tokyo , it 's obvious that that is what they will be about . 
  that 's not all tokyo is though . 
  i second miyazaki prefecture and also add shimane . 
  out of the ones you mentioned though , i think mie and fukui would best fit . 
  i do n't know how long you are there for , but if you 're still there by wednesday you can check out a kagura show http://www.rcchall.jp/bunkac/html/kagura/, 
  not weird at all . 
  i 've been to japan twice alone ( also 20f ) and did n't feel self-consious about it at all . 
  each month and season has positive and negatives aspects but sakura season is many people 's favourite . 
  flowers bloom first further south ( for example this year kagoshima bloomed 27 march and hokkaido 25 april ) so if you 're arriving during march maybe it would be a good idea to start further south ( maybe landing in kumamoto airport ) and make your way up . 
  this happened to me too . 
  but they seemed to be doing it more like a hobby instead of professional , so maybe it was a youtube channel or something . 
  it was fun though haha, 
  i do n't think you 're spending too much time in miyagi . 
  there is so much to do up there including sendai , yamadera , matsushima ... which could easily fill in three days by themselves . 
  even going somewhere else further north ( aizu-wakamatsu , aomori , geidbikei gorge , irate , morioka , yamagata , mito ... ) might give you the possibility to see a side of japan that does n't feature on most tourist 's lists and fill in those extra days you have . 
  if going to gujo hachiman , hikone is almost a must-see as well as lake biwa . 
  iga-ueno is also a nice day trip and so could be otsu , uji and nara . 
   visit temples and go to a public & private hot springs, 
  temples and shrines are so easy to come by it 's hardly anything you have to worry about . 
  yamadera that i already mentioned has a really nice temple though . 
  as for onsen , you can check out an onsen town in areas you 'll be going to like togatta onsen in zao , naruko onsen , kinosaki , or just find some in the city . 
  what do you want to do with 5 days in osaka ? 
  in my opinion , if you 're going to tokyo osaka is similar and does n't need that much time . 
  but if it 's used as base to nearby places then it is convenient . 
  which places have you already been to ? 
  what i usually do is choose a train line and follow it until a particular city or place with many stops along the way . 
  if i had two months i would probably land in nagoya airport since i have n't seen that area yet and spend a few days there taking it easy until the jet lag is taken care of . 
  then i 'd do gifu + inuyama + sekigahara before heading to lake biwa . 
  i think you could find a bike and circle lake biwa in 3-5 days if taking it easy , stopping at some places along the way ( nagahama , hikone , omihachiman , otsu , shirahige shrine ... ) and getting to know the lake from all sides . 
  that 's something i 've been wanting to do for a long time . 
  of course with more than a month left i 'd probably head back to nagoya and take the local trains up until wherever i reach , again with may stops . 
  magome-tsumago , matsumoto , daio wasabi farm , nagano , takasaki , i like the idea of going to midori and sano simply because i like the names , tochigi and nikko , one of my favourite cities aizu-wakamatsu ... i usually have a few places in mind when planning a trip , i know i loved takasaki and i want to go to aizu and sano , so that already marks out the train route i 'll be taking , finding other places along the way is a question of opening google maps and clicking around to see what there is . 
  typing the name of the city or town ( go with the japanese name if it looks small ) into google images will give you an idea of how it is . 
  the same can be done with any other area of the country though . 
  i also love the idea of tottori-shimane and continuing down the coast until reaching shimonoseki . 
  there is n't much to do along the way but it 's a great place to go to if you just want to get to know daily japan life . 
  the same could be said for southern kyushu . 
  look into renting a bike rather than buying one if it 's for only a few days . 
  i usually travel with clothes for 5 days and go washing them along the way . 
  i do n't have much else in my small backpack so i can easily carry it around and fit it into small station lockers if necessary . 
  i did both mt.takao ( 6th route ) and kamakura daibutsu trail on the same trip , two days apart . 
  neither are hard so even the least fit would be able to walk them ( aka me ) . 
  if you can only choose one i 'd go for kamakura , simply because kamakura has a lot to offer in the area and is worth a visit regardless of the walk . 
  what i thought of kamakura hiking trail : https://tokyoanecdote.wordpress.com/2016/02/27/daibutsu-hiking-trail-kamakura/, 
  and mt.takao : https://tokyoanecdote.wordpress.com/2016/02/08/spiders-and-clouds-mount-takao/, 
  if you choose mt.takao i 'd advise going as early as possible since later it becomes more crowded . 
  take trail 1 up so you can see the temple and trail 6 / inariyama trail on the way down which will be less crowded and also give you a different view . 
  i do n't know where you have already been , but most people landing in hokkaido are going up to sapporo or to visit one of the many national parks . 
  if you 've already been to sapporo you could consider lake shikotsu http://www.1000sai-chitose.or.jp/english/info/info05.php, 
  not exactly that close , but if you can maybe check out nibutani , an ainu town . 
  a great way to get to know ainu culture while you 're in hokkaido -- http://www.japan-guide.com/tour/2015/e/north/day6.html . 
  to get there take the donan bus from tomikawa station and get off at `` shiryokan-mae '' bus stop . 
  i agree that these things are n't really the most unique since many tourists do them , but they can be worthwhile and interesting nonetheless . 
  your best bet at staying in a temple would be mt.koya , it would be easier to organise and the area is amazing , but you can check out http://templelodging.com/ for other options . 
  expect none of them to speak english though . 
  if you 're returning to the country with more time later on , you 'll be able to see the more touristy side of the country on another visit . 
  i would follow the train line along the coast between the airports staying at smaller towns or less known cities to get a feel of the ` real ' japan . 
  maybe look into names such as kamakura , fuji town , shizuoka , makinohara plateau , hamamatsu , cape irago , ise , akame waterfalls , yoshino , asuka , sakai , wakayama ... they are big enough to give you plenty to do , and you could find a ryokan along the way without much trouble .
