  australia is part of oceania , alongside nz , fiji , guam , niue , etc. 
  it 's true they told us antartica did n't count as a continent because there are no people . 
  the definition of continent is simply `` a large landmass on earth '' , so it 's not very clear why it is or is n't considered one . 
  convention , i guess . 
  no clue , we simply do n't count it . 
  the definition of continent is simply `` a large landmass on earth '' , so it 's not very clear why it is or is n't considered one . 
  convention , i guess . 
  because kiwis generally do n't like being called part of australia . 
  i do n't know what others consider it , i just see it as a lot of ice . 
  they never mentioned it as a continent in class and nobody seemed to question beyond that ( we were kids ) . 
  i did n't think people felt so strongly about this . 
  it 's just a name and totally unimportant whether it 's one or two continents . 
  while the spanish education system is far from perfect , this example is hardly a sign of its flaws . 
  long story short , the ancient greeks saw that the mediterranean divided europe from africa , the red sea divided africa from asia , and assumed the black sea divided asia from europe ( [ a map ] ( https://i.imgur.com/ssqpsld.png ) ) . 
  later european colonialists also wanted to make a distinction between europe and asia which only reinforced this notion and the two have since been divided more by cultural differences that run roughly along the same lines . 
  as my teacher told us , `` it does n't count because there are no people '' . 
  the definition of continent is simply `` a large landmass on earth '' , so it 's not very clear why it is or is n't considered one by different people . 
  i also have [ a photo from the same place ] ( https://tokyoanecdote.files.wordpress.com/2017/09/dscn3968.jpg ) . 
  it 's in arashiyama ( kyoto ) , the bridge next to the monkey park . 
  this sub should not encourage people to do dangerous things . 
  whether you are prepared or not is your responsability alone ( the internet already has plenty of information anyway ) , but we have a moral decision when it comes to giving you information that will help you do something unsafe that is strongly recommended you do n't do . 
  hey , i have a current obsession with foreign languages !, 
  i 'm considering starting moroccan arabic but i think i 'll just get confused with the french and japanese at this point . 
  i 'm hoping to get better at french so i can tick it off soon and start another . 
  i 've also had my eye on mauri for quite some time and my sister says burmese is the hardest language she 's heard so maybe i 'll give a go at one of those two instead . 
  i made a promise to myself as a kid that i 'd learn 7 languages before i die ... how many languages can you speak ? 
  if we 're being honest , i started with hokkaido because i 'm biased and love tohoku , i 'm eager to talk about them soon !, 
  photo from : http://vicenteavilafotos.blogspot.com.es/2013/02/madrid-sanchinarro_17.html, 
  sure , what places did you like most ? 
  i 've been wanting to go to wakkanai for a while !, 
  i guess i could start then ? 
  i think one of the most interesting things in hokkaido is the [ lake shikaribetsu kotan ice village ] ( http://i-love-japan.info/?p=1311 ) . 
  it 's a bit hard to get to without a car but i think simply going inside a building made out of ice is worth the trip . 
  i also really like yoshitsune shrine in biratori . 
  according to ainu historical accounts , [ yoshitsune ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/minamoto_no_yoshitsune ) did not commit seppuku in hiraizumi , but instead escaped the siege and fleed to hokkaido . 
  yoshitsune shrine is erected in his honour as he supposedly later on lived there . 
  i was thinking that i would post an introduction ( like the one above ) about every prefecture , and then everyone in the comments would talk about and add different places they liked in the comments , or even just ask questions about that particular area . 
  so the comment section itself would be the guide and recommendations . 
  we could later on make an index with a link to all the posts to have them all in one place . 
  also paging u/thefilght who [ posted ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/japantravel/comments/5o347b/some_mustvisits_in_hokkaido/ ) about his experience in hokkaido a while back . 
   i do not like to plan activities during unexpected free time , i am okay with just relaxing, 
  for me , doing activites * is * relaxing . 
  i would n't go to another country just to sit around at a hotel or restaurant , i can do that at home . 
  it 's not that i * ca n't * `` relax '' , it 's that lazing around and wasting my time while on a trip is not my definition of relaxing . 
  i take pleasure in exhausting myself physically to later , once the trip is over , know that i made the most of the opportunities and got to see and do many things . 
  also , about the layovers . 
  i once missed a connection because my plane departed late so now i never book a flight with a connection time under 1h30min . 
  i assumed that 's what the connection question meant ... ? 
  i always try to use the inverse punctuations , unless i 'm being especially lazy . 
  i think it depends a bit on the country . 
  i feel much closer to mexico than i do to germany or poland , at the same time i feel much closer to italy or france than i do to bolivia . 
  this is because i live in northern spain and often go to france but i 've never been to south america , yet countries further away form spain , even if they are still in europe , i feel we have little in common ( language , culture , etc. ) . 
  there are enough south americans in spain that i know more or less someone from each country there and i talk often enough with them online , which helps to become closer to them rather than people from other european countries that i actually rarely interact with . 
  from a purely cultural perspective though , i tend to think that spanish culture overlaps quite a bit with that of nearby countries , while south american countries also have a unique history totally unrelated to spain which gives them many more cultural differences . 
  hello from spain !, 
  i think many people are quick to group pakistan ( and other - stan countries ) with the middle east together as one cultural group , sometimes even confusing the different countries . 
  what cool thing is unique about your country or local area ? 
  as a sidenote , do you have any pakistani music recommendations ? 
  ironically , if rajoy had let us vote properly , then it 's possible , maybe likely , that independence would 've lost . 
  however , because rajoy keeps saying `` do n't go to vote '' , the people who actually want to listen to him ( which at the same time are generally those who want to stay as part of spain ) wo n't go to vote and thus a higher number of `` yes '' will come out in the results . 
  it 's recommended that people who go to vote go in groups , because it will be harder for police to do anything if there are too many people . 
  the problem is that spain has refused to allow a proper vote and will not change the constitution . 
  the spanish government does n't want catalonia to be independent , so they refuse to sit down and listen to options that could help make this a possibility . 
  rajoy has so far gone with the `` ignore it until it goes away '' tactic , and the movement has become stronger because of his unwillingness to properly talk and negotiate the topic . 
  saying that catalonia should strive to change the constitution before voting is na\u00efve as there is * no way * that spain would change the constitution to allow an independent catalonia , that is the exact opposite of what they want . 
  the options for catalan independentists include ignoring the illegality of it or ignoring their desire for independence altogether . 
  i see lots of spaniards trying to convince catalans to give up on the vote because of the constitution , but the thing is that many catalans * already know * that the referendum is illegal but see it as a necessary move because otherwise they will simply always be ignored when it comes to talking about independence . 
  others understand that it is technically illegal but do n't agree with the law because it is old and made to the benefit of the central government . 
  ( and then some see it as totally legal . ), 
  i see that as highly unlikely , first of all because catalonia does n't have any army of its own * , and we have both local police under catalan government law and police under spanish government law that would kind of cancel each other out , and the partisans hardly have that much power . 
  i think most people would not want to turn it into a violent movement . 
  if anything , i see it more as the catalan government refusing to pay taxes to spain or other things within the political realm . 
  * former members of the spanish military would be * very * few , the military is n't a big thing like , say , in the us . 
  i do n't know anyone who has worked for the army ( grandpas and civil war aside ) nor have i ever seen anyone dressed in military clothes . 
  i only know one person who owns a gun , and it does n't work anymore anyway . 
  plus , the hardcore independentists that would supposedly be fighting would unlikely have joined the spanish military to begin with . 
  also , i think we 've already made a new catalan constitution ( they were working on it a while ago , i ca n't really remember ) . 
  catalonia is spain 's richest province , though followed closely by madrid itself . 
  i do n't think we have backing from the eu . 
  i also saw what junker said on the news and at first thought that he was saying he would have our back , but rewatching it it 's clear that he said he 'd `` accept the decision of the spanish parlament '' . 
  meaning , if catalonia claims its independence but spain disagrees , they would not listen to us , but if both spain and catalonia agree with an independent catalonia then he would accept the decision . 
  [ this is what you 're referring to , no ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2dhfde8gfwy ), 
  i think it would be a bit irresponsible for , say , france to announce they accept our independence if the yes wins when spain is against it . 
  that would make the catalan government love france more but invoke spain 's rage ( and spain is clearly the more powerful country they 'd want on their side , instead of a catalonia that may or may not be a country after the fight is over ) . 
  i want independence but i agree with you . 
  the referendum is clearly illegal , i do n't quite understand those who say it is n't , but i still believe we should have the opportunity to vote . 
  while it may be law , that does n't have to mean it 's fair . 
  i do n't think believing in a bright future is a bad thing . 
  actually , i think that being able to rebuild a country from scratch , but already starting in a good position , is an amazing opportunity . 
  having in mind that catalonia is mostly left-ist and the spanish government is n't quite , and the fact that they seem to disagree on many things , being able to make laws that better fit the needs of the people living in that area is an excellent way to improve a country . 
  1st october . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  i never said catalonia by itself is a nato member , of course it is n't . 
   nothing would be canceling each other, 
  u/ynot1989 presented a scenario in which catalan fanatics would uprise against the goverment with force , including police . 
  i said that catalonia has its own police ( the mossos ) and then we have police in catalonia that are under spanish orders ( la policia nacional ) . 
  even if the mossos were to arm themsleves against the government , the fact that the spanish police are also in catalonia would make military intervention pointless , because they could already fight each other . 
  simply put : one vs one already immobilizes both groups , there is no need for one vs two . 
  that is what i meant with `` cancelling each other out '' .
