  however , the black dresses are different . 
  i like the first black dress because it is n't so loose and i could easily wear it with pants underneath without it looking too weird . 
  but i do n't like the shoulder exposure of the second black dress and the cuffs at the wrist . 
  they should be the same dress if you 're looking for a result based solely on the model / body sizes . 
  i never said america forced me to do anything . 
  which sentence made you think that ? 
  ( i probably did n't phrase it right . ), 
  it 's just that many people when they start researching about japan hear that the jr pass offers ` unlimited travel on all jr trains ' , therefore thinking it 's a great deal and buying one for tokyo must be a good idea since they 'll want to be using the train in the city . 
  most forget to compare prices and realise that 29,000 yen that the pass costs does n't pay off considering the cheaper prices of inner-city travel . 
  i feel like it 's always important to mention buying a jr pass generally only if using the shinkansen . 
  you could say that the pass works in the city if they have a couple of spare days on the pass , but not to buy it solely for tokyo . 
  guys can wear dresses ... 
  i always go for the furthest stall * unless * it 's a handicap one , but handicap stalls are n't really seen here in spain ( i think they should be a different option in the survey ) . 
  will you be showing the results ? 
  i 'd like to see them , 
  i eat m&m s by colour . 
  my taste buds are ridiculous and i do n't notice any difference between their tastes . 
  yellow is the best . 
  the amount of english we learn in schools here in spain is pretty ridiculous , mostly focused on learning words and knowing how to make a sentence . 
  i have never studied english grammar and spelling rules at the same level it is to be expected from a native english speaker . 
  should n't  $ 5 be < $ 5 ? 
  i had no idea there were 30 aces on here . 
  hello !, 
  i would consider hand jobs/mutual masturbation to be * sexual * but not sex per se . 
  although if someone considers that to be sex i would n't object . 
  i think this is mostly for people from the us , or you should explain what exactly these customs entail . 
  it is interesting , there is n't really a universla definition so it 's pretty open to interpretation . 
  i think many activities that do n't fit with your definition could be considered sex . 
  how about someone stimulating their partner without them themselves being stimulated ( say fingering or any other related activities ) ? 
  if sex is only what is with the purpose of sexual gratification ... what about consensual prostitution or sex for the sake of money ? 
  having sex to please a partner ? 
  because they want to have a kid ? 
  or simply sex because you want to get to know someone or feel closer to them , regardless of how good it feels ? 
  there can be many purposes as to why someone would have sex that do n't include or are are focused on a different aspect than sexual gratification . 
  if sex is only ever consensual , you do n't consider rape to be sex ? 
  cheaper than the jr pass would be to have a [ bus pass ] ( http://willerexpress.com/st/3/en/pc/buspass/ ) and take night buses between the locations , which also means you wo n't have to pay for the night 's accomodation . 
  it seems like there are n't any going to yamaguchi , but you could go something like :, 
  osaka and kyoto are right next to each other , so taking a local is n't expensive . 
  will you post the results ? 
  i 'm interested in seeing the answers others gave . 
  for what it 's worth , i agree with you . 
  as a catalan i can confirm that the caganer is used often and many different characters and people have been pictured as caganers . 
  but the sentence is kind of insensitive , using ` acting like an indian ' in a derogatory way , or at least something that should n't be done . 
  it 's true that spain is n't really tuned in to these issues as much as the us , but that still does n't mean it 's * good * . 
  good , it only took us 40 years . 
  out of these i have only heard of new girl , sleepy hollow ( the movie ) , the exorcist , family guy and the simpsons . 
  and i only can stand to watch new girl . 
  maybe it would be best to let us rank them rather than choosing one from a list ( of movies i 've never watched ) . 
  i did n't know bob 's burgers was a series until now ... 
  i lie about my age , sex , location , name , etc. 
  all the time online , but i keep the results true for the academic surveys ( if it 's anon ) . 
  i 've only heard of * law & order * and have n't watched it anyway . 
  if i ever go to the us my first stop would be pennsylvania . 
  not really , i mean i go to sleep at around 11pm and wake up at 6-7am on weekdays , that 's about 8h sleep every night . 
  my friends that go to sleep later usually just sleep in more on weekends if they 're tired . 
  i failed spectacularly . 
  you ask which state we 're from but i 'm not from the us , so maybe you want to change the ` anyone ' to ` residents of the us ', 
  1.85 m , not applicable , some college ( year 3/4 ), 
  there is no option for ` there is no best country ' . 
  also i think it would be a good idea if we can give our reasons for why we picked what we did . 
  * `` this is a little less surprising , as males probably have less desire to take a survey about properly fitting bras anyway . '' *, 
  there are women that would be taking surveys for men too , not just the inverse , and i have yet to see a survey about bras . 
  people would lie about their gender for many reasons , some examples being , but not limited to : someone not wanting to disclose their gender so they choose the other option ; wanting to see what the survey is about but being limited by the wanted demographic , so choosing the wrong option to get to the second page without being turned away ; they do n't like the wording of the survey or the person who made it so they decide to tamper a bit with the results ; if there are only binary gender options ( making a non-binary have to choose between one of the two ) ; people who are making fun of the ` other ' gender options , etc. 
  * `` the main takeaway of this survey is that none of its results are very accurate , so the extent of how much we can trust the results of others on this sub are even more unclear . '' *, 
  there are no surprises in the last two questions . 
  i 'm actually surprised that more people * did n't * lie . 
  it 's a survey about honesty , the last two kind of made me roll my eyes when i read them and it was almost tempting to say ` yes ' just for the fun of it . 
  the answers on these two questions are probably less honest than the first two . 
  i certainly think there was much more lying in this survey than other surveys , simply because people were being cheeky and tampering with the results on purpose . 
  no , because i think there is * no * best country in the world , choosing more than one would n't make sense unless i had to go and choose them all . 
  why ? 
  i guess it depends on what aspects we 're focusing on . 
  i would n't choose the same country for different categories . 
  for example , spain is cool towards gay people , has an easy pace of life , nice summers but also bullfighting , has lots of unemployment and people have tried to pickpocket me so many times on the metro it 's unbelievable ( not to mention that i would never go outside alone at night ) . 
  japan has one of the lowest crime rates , great nature and generally polite people , but on the other hand it has huge work-overload and suicide rates , an unfair and scary legal system , is still pretty sexist , etc. 
  so no , not all are equal within context . 
  of course it was a joke , i did n't mean for it to sound rude . 
  just expanding the comments on the results . 
  posting the results is so people can see and talk about them after all . 
  which two did you choose ? 
  ( if you do n't mind me asking . ), 
  you 're right . 
  i did n't click the disagree button to expand the comments though , i did it because your tone was slightly harsh . 
  c. maybe this would help commercials actually be better and slightly more original . 
  we 're supposed to be advancing as a society and have a more open mind every year that passes , and yet some ads still have the same old-fashioned stereotypes and topics they did years ago . 
  kind of disappointing . 
  major lazer - light it up, 
  anyone know what the bed at 3:49 and the water at 4:11 were referencing ? 
  you can always stop somewhere along the way and cut the journey into two different days ( if you have a day of the pass to spare ) because 9h of trains and transfers i find is much more tiring than taking a bus . 
  i live in bcn and it 's fine if you do n't speak catalan . 
  people may talk to you in catalan when they approach you but if you say ` sorry , i do n't understand catalan ' in spanish , they 'll switch and that 's it . 
  we have many exchange students at my uni that do n't speak catalan and they 're doing fine . 
  when in chichibu , did you do the nagotoro boatride ? 
  if so , what did you think of it ? 
  what did you do in that area ? 
  tsuyama and tottori are n't exactly on the way . 
  following the line i 'd definitely add kurashiki , maybe takehara too . 
  i think suitcases are fine if you 're going to be staying in one or two cities and not moving it around much , but if you 'll need to take it with you a few times i 'd go with backpack . 
  i always use a big schoolbag and it works great , it 's also much easier to fit a backpack into a locker than a hard suitcase . 
  i 'd say merch in japan is much cheaper than what i can find here in spain , but with a bit of perspective things still are n't that cheap .
