  what 's going to cost you the most is probably transportation . 
  where are you coming from ? 
  fukui nearby has many sites to see too , including the wonderful eiheiji , echizen \u014cno castle and the ichij\u014ddani asakura family historic ruins . 
  i spent two weeks in tokyo and there is still so much to do . 
  but with a whole country left to discover i think you could skip the re-visiting places you 've already seen and maybe add a few new places . 
  with the extra days you could go see a bit of the rest of wakayama prefecture ( wakayama city itself , kumano hong\u016b taisha and shingu , hashikui rocks ) or maybe go up to the ise area . 
  okayama is n't in kansai , it 's in chugoku , but it would make a good day-trip along with kurashiki , the kibi plain or takahashi . 
  i recommend going to enoshima while you 're in kamakura . 
  if you want to go to fushimi inari again you could go there in the morning and spend the rest of the day in uji close to kyoto , or cross over to lake biwa . 
  if it 's the hokuriku shinkansen it 'll be making stops at takasaki ( nice day trip !, 
  home to the daruma doll and also has a huge cannon statue + some caves and garden ) also nagano as already mentioned . 
  toyama is a big city , although it does n't usually feature on tourist lists i think it could be a good half-day . 
  i usually had a set amount a day to spend on shopping . 
  you 'll probably find things as you go along , i do n't think you 'll need to set a date for it specifically since it really depends on the place you 're going to be at . 
  hahaha prefecture plushies ? 
  i do n't think anyone has ever asked for that before xd, 
  maybe not plushies per se , but many places have their own mascots . 
  there are some popular ones for specific prefectures like kumamon ( really really popular !, 
  even i love him ) , shimaneko , barii-san , gunma-chan and funassi , so you can probably find plushie-forms of them in those places as well as other merchandising . 
  i just found this which i think is fun : http://www.japantimes.co.jp/news/2015/01/07/national/travel-tours-for-stuffed-toys-a-hit-with-the-elderly-disabled/#.v03jmklkv68, 
  i do sometimes collect omamori from different temples and shrines , although i usually collect ema boards instead . 
  maybe they will occupy more space in your suitcase though , so might not be what you 're looking for . 
  i always have a travel diary with me but instead of writing in it i use it to stick entrance tickets to the sites i visit , stickers , photos from magazines or newspapers ( any piece of paper , really ) as a memento of the moments of my trip . 
  and i love buying postcards ( usually drawn , not photos ) from places i go to . 
  as a side note , i always buy socks and tenugui , they do n't occupy too much space either . 
  the shuincho stamp books are sacred though , you ca n't get stamps from other places signed into it . 
  you should have your goshuin stamp book and another one for other stamps , or a couple of extra slips of paper to occupy less space . 
  these kinds of maps actually help me out a lot since i travel without wi-fi and ca n't use hyperdia or google maps on the road . 
  with this i can choose which route would be best for my own interests easily , it 's easy to read once you get used to it . 
  i have n't really found any list of souvenirs or objects specific from each prefecture , but once you have a route figured out it 'll be easier to find out what is famous for each place ( i.e. 
  rice scoops for miyajima , sarubobo for hida , pottery for bizen ... ), 
  you might want to check out these guys on youtube : https://www.youtube.com/channel/uc-4lxbfy72lorxjng6fr3cq/videos they 're travelling to all of japan 's prefectures ( i think they 're still in hyogo now ) and make videos nearly every day about what they do and stuff . 
  can be interesting for planning where to go , they also talk about what each prefecture is known for . 
  what do you want to know exactly ? 
  the naruto whirlpools are just off the coast of the island of shikoku and can be accessed by naruto ( the name of the town on shikoku ) or awaji island that has a bridge connecting shikoku and honshu . 
  there are many ways you can see them ; via a boat tour , from the bridge , from naruto ... 
  these guys actually just posted a video about it the other day https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dgkjjqy5ixm, 
  haha thank you :d, 
  japan does n't have to be pricey if you plan it well . 
  but ... the 300 $ includes the plane tickets , you said ? 
  i do n't know where you 're coming from so ca n't tell you if that 's doable , but i still think that 's a bit too low if you want to do both kyoto / osaka + tokyo areas . 
  i suggest you fly into haneda if you want to go to tokyo ( cheaper to get to tokyo from haneda airport than narita ) or osaka and only stick to one of the two areas . 
  with 3-5 days you 'll have plenty to do in both kyoto or tokyo alone . 
  if you 're going with kids , they 'll probably enjoy tokyo more . 
  a dorm bed in a hostel costs about 2500yen , cheap food about 2500yen a day , say about 1000yen for transportation ... that 's 6000yen a day at least per person , and that 's on the tight side . 
  many people use http://www.japan-guide.com/ for suggestions on what to do . 
  there really is no ` best ' time of the year to go since every season has its ups and downs . 
  both sakura season and autumn are beautiful but tend to be more crowded , and during spring there 's also the golden week which is best avoided ( holidays in japan , very crowded . 
  if you 're going during golden week book early ! ), 
  winter is great if you want to see snow and especially if you find a place with few people it can be really magical to walk through a shrine / temple in the cold . 
  as a tourist you may not see them , but it is a nice detail to japanese culture that is exciting to see the first time . 
  between october and february you get the best views of mt.fuji too !, 
  during summer there are many impressive festivals since it coincides with obon and you can go for a swim ( also snorkelling , kayaking , etc. 
  ) , unfortunately it is obnoxiously hot . 
  i personally prefer the rainy season ( june-july ) because it 's cheap to travel and it never rains here in spain !, 
  also there are many hydrangeas and iris flowers and the temperatures are just right to wear a t-shirt ( light luggage ) but still not too hot . 
  if you do want to avoid the rainy season or summer but plan to go during these dates you can go up to hokkaido which skips the rainy season altogether and is n't so hot . 
  thanks for the tips !, 
  the price on washing machines depends a lot on where you go . 
  the washer from the place i went to in tokyo cost 500yen the use ( + 100yen soap ) and another 200yen for one use of the dryer ( about 5-10min ? ) . 
  the dryer did n't dry properly with one round , as op said it was probably on medium setting , so i ended up hanging the clothes out on the roof of the hostel although it was very humid . 
  for the rest of my trip i washed my clothes by hand . 
  as for the buses , there is a screen at the front of the bus that will tell you the price to pay , when you get off you leave the coins in a machine-box . 
  some buses will change a note to coins also if you do n't have exact change . 
  if you have problems sorting all this out , the bus driver is right next to the machine so they can help you out . 
  trams in hiroshima work in a similar way , although the fee is always the same ( 150yen ) unless going to miyajima where the price varies depending on where you come from . 
  as otsukarekun said , book as soon as possible !, 
  7-8 days is n't that long . 
  i 'd probably go for 3 days in tokyo , 3 in kyoto , the one in hiroshima + miyajima and the last day in osaka , although if you 're going to tokyo and are short of time , osaka is pretty similar and could be skipped ( unless there 's something specific you want to see ) . 
  you can do a day in tokyo at the start of the trip and then two at the end so you do n't stress about reaching the airport . 
  if i were you i 'd skip mt.fuji since june is n't the best time to see the mountain unless you are very close ( if you were planning to hike , the season does n't start until july ) . 
  overall it seems like it 's well thought out and you 've done a lot of research first . 
  a few things though :, 
  - unless there 's a match on and you have tickets to a sumo match , you are n't allowed into the sumo stadium . 
  there 's a sumo museum next to it but is pretty small and wo n't take you long to visit ( yo tard\u00e9 media hora o as\u00ed m\u00e1ximo , contando la tienda de al lado ) . 
  so i 'd add that to mi\u00e9rcoles 15 once you arrive to tokyo . 
  you will be pretty tired from the flight so you 've done well leaving it empty to rest . 
  - the earlier you arrive to nikko the better , in my opinion . 
  a partir de las 10-11am llegan todos los turistas , especialmente a lugares tan populares como nikko , so i would try to arrive a bit earlier at around 9am or so . 
  if you have jet lag you 'll probably wake up early anyway . 
  - the edo museum is great and also really popular , though mostly with japanese tourists , so expect to stay at least a couple hours there . 
  if you 're doing the sumo stadium on the first day i think you can add something else to this day ( or just walk around ikebukuro while up there for the pokemon center ) . 
  as others have already said , maybe take one -- or two -- of the osaka days and move it to takayama or kanazawa . 
  - if you 're not too tired , onomichi is famous for its temple walk . 
  consider at least visiting senko-ji which is the most popular one !, 
  1 ) you 'd probably be more comfortable staying at the airport . 
  if this is your first time to japan you do n't really want to be stressed about finding your way around at that time of the night , also many places do n't let you check-in that late either . 
  i think you should stay at the airport and leave later in the morning . 
  2 ) you can check prices with http://www.hyperdia.com/ to get a rough idea . 
  3 ) you have about 11,000 yen to spend every day ( counting 6 days/nights ) so i think you should find a hostel ( dorms are often cheaper than capsule hotels and do n't worry , they are very clean and always have a curtain or separator so you wo n't see other people while you sleep ) , airbnb might not be needed for such a short trip . 
  or low tide if you prefer to walk out and touch the torii !, 
  the time would depend on how many days you have in total . 
  i usually recommend three days as a standard ( one or two days is a bit rushed if you want to see many of the famous sites ) , but you could easily spend more time there and not get bored . 
  if you do have more than three days , however , i would suggest that you spend the extra time somewhere other than kyoto . 
  in my opinion , the city is jam-packed full of tourists and the country has so much more to offer that is equally or even more beautiful without the bucketload of visitors . 
  maybe take a stop somewhere between tokyo and kyoto if that 's your route . 
  ( if you post your route and interests it will be easier to give suggestions on where to go ) . 
  i also recommend sticking to just tokyo . 
  kyoto is good for a longer trip but if you just have not quite a full week then the travel costs are definitely not worth it . 
  i spent two weeks in tokyo and was n't bored .
