  you can go inside one of them to see how they lived . 
  there 's also a museum of history and folklore http://members.virtualtourist.com/m/p/m/22afc8/, 
  other places are asuka and yoshino and , as roygbiv0415 already said , iga is also nearby . 
  so it 's hard to give suggestions for only a few hours . 
  out of the options i 've mentioned i 'd go for ise or iga , personally . 
  i think you need to find out a bit more on what to do in each place . 
  saying that you 'll spend two nights in osaka , but you only want to see dotonbori ? 
  you have plenty of time to fill in !, 
  i would personally spend only one night in osaka ( if any ) and three in kyoto . 
  with two days in kyoto you 'll be able to see some of the most famous sights , but with three days i think you 'll enjoy it more . 
  two days fly past quickly . 
  in tokyo also , since the ghibli museum is closed , you have five days empty with only the fish market and a cat cafe ... both can be done in half a day with plenty time to spare . 
  nikko is said to be better appreciated with an overnight stay there , so i recommend two of those days for nikko . 
  you 're asking me a hard question telling you whether beppu or hiroshima would be best , since they are two of my absolute favourites xd that being said , beppu is all the way in kyushu , and you are n't going to be visiting any other sights in the area so it is a long way to travel for just a night to two . 
  with this i would recommend a day-trip to hiroshima + miyajima ( or two days for them if you are a slower paced traveller , but many people do them both in the same day ) . 
  btw , just discovered this page , you might be interested : https://www.tsunagujapan.com/47-must-buy-food-souvenirs-from-japan/, 
  ahh , i 'm craving habutae mochi and red konnyaku now ... 
  sounds like it must 've been awesome . 
  i 'm thinking of walking from fuji town next to the sea to mt.fuji peak , that way i can start from altitude 0 . 
  many people go to koya-san for a temple stay experience , so that may be your best bet , but there are other places also available . 
  check out http://templelodging.com/ . 
  have in mind that most probably wo n't speak japanese . 
  for walking / hiking close to water , i love the minoo waterfalls and katsu\u014d-ji . 
  it 's about a 40min walk to the waterfall from minoo station ( north of osaka ) and another hour to the temple . 
  it is accessible by car so probably best to go on a weekday but you wo n't find many , if any , foreign tourists there . 
  north of kyoto there 's also the kibune to kurama walk that may be interesting to you . 
  if you climb up mount hiei from the kyoto side and then go down the otsu side , you 'll see and end up at lake biwa ( the biggest lake in japan ! ) . 
  if you 're wanting to go all out , you can continue along the lake to the beautiful shirahige jinja ( you might have to take the train after reaching sakamoto at hieizan-sakamoto station to kita-tomatsu or omi-takashima stations , and walk from there to the shrine . 
  walking mt.hiei and to the shrine in one day may not be possible ) . 
  i think there are a couple of hentai museums in japan , i ca n't remember where but they are not close to the places you 'll be going to . 
  there 's the ` kyoto international manga museum ' in kyoto though . 
  i loved this vegetarian / vegan place in nakano broadway ( tokyo ) called korinbo . 
  nakano broadway is also good for manga / anime fans and is paradise if you 're looking for animation cels . 
  knowing kanji is good for reading ( and therefore not getting lost ! ), 
  and maybe writing down something to communicate , but it 's probably the spoken language that would help you out most . 
  regardless , you are perfectly fine travelling through japan with no language skills whatsoever . 
  for old areas to walk around tokyo , try yanaka and kagurazaka ( i recommend you get off at iidabashi station and walk to takadanobaba station , going into the backstreets will take you to the old geisha district of tokyo . 
  do n't expect to see any geisha though . 
  https://lifetoreset.wordpress.com/2013/03/12/tokyo-neighborhood-narrow-back-alleys-of-kagurazaka/ ), 
  my favourite place in miyazaki prefecture is udo jing\u016b shrine a bit south of miyazaki city . 
  a week is n't too long so i 'd usually say , if you have a jr pass , travel over to the city of kagoshima from miyazaki and from there take the shinkansen and start your way up towards kyoto-tokyo with a few stops along the way . 
  but after the kumamoto earthquake not long ago , i 'm not sure if the shinkansen is still working between kagoshima and kumamoto ( you should check out the updates ) . 
  you might want to look into taking a long-distance bus or something up to fukuoka or kitakyushu ( i would recommend taking local trains up to beppu and oita , but you say you 'll already be there a few days before so there might not be much point in that ) . 
  what are your interests ? 
  it can be hard to recommend where are the best stops without knowing what you like . 
  saga and beppu are my personal favourites in kyushu . 
  along the seto inland sea coast of chugoku up to kyoto you might like shimonoseki , iwakuni , kurashiki and okayama garden ( one of the top 3 in japan ! ), 
  onomichi does n't have a shinkansen stop , but you can get off at fukuyama and back-track with a local train to get there . 
  the temple walk is very popular . 
  for tea-related sightseeing , you may be interested in uji just south of kyoto . 
  you 'll be able to find many caf\u00e9s , restaurants , tea houses , sweet shops ... all specialising in tea and tea ceremonies at a very good price . 
  ps : do n't forget to visit miyajima when in hiroshima !, 
  as roygbiv0415 said , uji and nara are pretty close and there is n't really much that stands out between the two as of tourism . 
  that being said , with a bit of research you can always find something interesting to look at . 
  first of all , north of nara there are three bigger kofun key-shaped graves ( this area has many ) , known as the graves of princess iwa , konabe kofun and uwanabe kofun . 
  ` narayama bushik\u014d ' is the name of a famous japanese movie about the practise of ubasute ( leaving old people to starve so they are n't a nuisance to the village ) . 
  i do n't really know if it is related to this area , but there is a station along nara line called ` narayama ' , so maybe it was this location where the film takes place ? 
  joruri-ji ( \u6d44\u7460\u7483\u5bfa ) and gansenji ( \u5ca9\u8239\u5bfa ) are technically part of kizugawa town , but are both pretty far away from the station . 
  between the station of tanakura and kami-koma there is an old district http://tekutekukapichan.cocolog-nifty.com/blog/2013/05/8-611e.html and a couple of smaller temples http://blog.goo.ne.jp/mimoron/e/f1e2868656e88801906597b2b70960bc, 
  in tamamizu there is the tomb of prince mochihito ( emperor go-shirakawa 's son ) , search for \u4ee5\u4ec1\u738b\u5fa1\u5893 on google maps . 
  and i 'm not sure if this is still in service , but at joyo station you can see an awesome blue train ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=61mqztormxs ), 
  do you know how many pages a gosyuincyou has ? 
  me too , it saves you from paying for a night 's accommodation also, 
  the reason why people do n't usually go is because it 's far away and expensive to get there . 
  but it is definitely a beautiful place and if your budget allows to pay for the flights then i think it 's a great idea !, 
  you 're perfectly fine going to hiroshima . 
  i have n't been yet myself ( i 'll be spending a week there at the end of next month ) but from what i 've heard the people there and the a-bomb sites do n't focus on blame but instead on peace and making the world a better place . 
  you wo n't feel uncomfortable there as a westerner . 
  as others have already said above me , many tourists go there . 
  what time is your flight on 7/26 ? 
  ( in spain we write dates 26/7 haha , it 's weird seeing it written like that in these threads ) . 
  considering you have another flight the next day , you might want to visit narita town next to the airport and stay there the night . 
  hiroshima has a lot to offer beyond the peace museum + park and the dome , although those are the sights everyone goes to see and many tourists do n't know of what else there is to do . 
  there castle + shukkei-en are also worth a visit , and there are three art museums , more peace museums , buildings that are still standing from before the a-bomb pretty close to the hypocenter , a temple walk , plenty of shops ... 
  i 'm spending six nights there next month and i 'm still figuring out how to fit it all in !, 
  ps : did you go to ninoshima ? 
  i 'm interested in going there but ca n't find much info about the island . 
  according to google maps it still exists , and its website says nothing about it closing down http://cloud5hiroshima.jimdo.com/, 
  if you want an answer from the locals ask specifically for the locals in your text or title . 
  i 'm a really slow-paced traveller so i like to spend at least 3-4 days in the medium size cities like hiroshima , okayama , kobe ... ( though i spent two weeks in tokyo ) to get to know the ambience well , so i do n't think my travel style would really adjust to what you 're looking for . 
  i like to choose one or two prefectures to focus on and move around the area , so i never really go long distance . 
  the places i mentioned are pretty far apart ( https://drive.google.com/open?id=1xf_cums1-i8djy_w1gdfc5we1kc&amp;usp=sharing ) , but if you only want to see that and leave many are fine as a day-trip or even half a day . 
  but i do recommend at least two days for some other places like aizu-wakamatsu , kurashiki-okayama , kamakura , sado or himeji . 
  if you do that i think you 'll be able to see all the places i mentioned , but do have in mind that there are many places i did n't talk about and are also very interesting . 
  you might want to check out a travel guide to see what else might interest you . 
  many people use http://www.japan-guide.com/ for planning their trip . 
  if you 're short on money you might want to look into bus passes http://willerexpress.com/st/3/en/pc/buspass/ they take longer than shinkansen but if you take a night bus it 'll also save you from paying for accommodation , and they are pretty comfortable from what i 've heard . 
  there 's the fujiyama museum , oshino hakkai , the kubota itchiku art museum , oishi park and of course the wind and ice caves all around that area . 
  and my two favourites : kitaguchihongu fujisengen shrine and iyashi no sato, 
  \u00a5 350.000 for 30 days amounts at about \u00a5 11.600 a day . 
  on my first trip i had \u00a5 10.000 a day , accommodation not included , but i was on a spending rampage and could have done with less . 
  i 'm going for \u00a5 8.000 including accommodation on my next trip this month . 
  i did n't really move around much , so you should probably pay for a jr pass outside of that amount if you want to buy one . 
  for food , count about 2000-3000 a day if you 're going for cheap ( konbini lunch boxes , lunches at family restaurants off the main streets , etc. ) . 
  do n't buy the train/station bentos since they tend to be more expensive . 
  if you want to go to fancier places or buy big meals then prices go up considerably . 
  konbini lunch boxes in the evenings have discounts since otherwise they have to throw them away if they do n't sell . 
  you can find hostels and cheap places to sleep at under \u00a5 3000 with a bit of research ( especially in the bigger cities ) . 
  hostels in japan are really clean and they have great service , i never had a problem sharing a dorm , and if you 're travelling solo it 's a good way to meet new people . 
  you 'll be fine if you do n't buy anything too expensive , i think .
