  it 's used often in porn , that 's why people do n't like it . 
  google `` transgender woman '' and then google `` tranny '' , you 'll see the difference , why many trans people do n't want to be associated with the term . 
  most people simply say trans . 
   if [ letting trans women use the female bathroom ] is allowed to be okay , then it should be okay to allow cis men to use women 's restrooms as well . 
  no , it should n't . 
  the difference is that cis men are men , trans women are women . 
  yes , they were born with the same private parts , but their mentality is totally different . 
  the difference is very clear :, 
  - a trans woman is a woman , regardless or her male body , because she is mentally a woman . 
  therefore , as a woman , she would be allowed to use the women 's bathroom . 
  - a cis man is a man . 
  as a man , he would not be able to use the women 's bathroom . 
  a trans woman is not a man , they do n't have any `` special privileges '' when using the women 's bathroom , it 's * their right * to use the women 's bathroom because they are a woman . 
  it 's not our place to pick and choose which women we allow to use the public bathroom simply because of their bodies . 
  people saying that trans women are n't allowed to use the women 's bathroom are saying so simply because they do n't think a trans women is a `` real '' women . 
  this is n't a bathroom issue , it 's a transphobia issue and a failure to understand what being trans is all about . 
   if a pre-op tranny came in , he could use the urinal if he wanted to . 
  you mean * she * , if you 're talking of a trans woman . 
  pre-op and post-op do n't determine which pronouns to use , they are still a woman before op , their mentality does n't change . 
  personally i would not feel safe using the same bathroom as men , no offence and all that but i am totally defenceless with my pants down while on the toilet and i do n't want to be thinking about a guy looking over the top . 
  and yes , this would * definitely * happen , maybe not to me but to others for sure . 
  even if sexual assault is n't that common in restrooms , the numbers would be sure to increase if sharing a bathroom . 
  i would agree on a shared bathroom if the stools each had walls up to the ceiling and floor , no possible way of seeing anyone do their business unless you carved a hole insto the wall or something . 
  like each stool being a little closet , with shared sinks . 
  either way , even though this would save quite a bit of money and space , this would n't fully get rid of the `` transgender restroom controversy '' because the controversy stems from transphobia , from people not seeing trans women as women , rather only as men in dresses . 
  the problems creating this issue would still exist . 
   the solution to the transgender controversy could be to have a third gender restroom . 
  no , that would n't be fair to trans people . 
  a trans woman is a woman and as such has a right to use the woman 's bathroom . 
  the same goes for trans men the other way around . 
  separating them only because they 're trans is like saying they are n't `` real women '' or `` real men '' , they are only * kind of * women , but really just men in dresses , and thus should be segregated . 
  in a world where trans people are still murdered and beaten up for being trans , outing yourself could also be potentially dangerous . 
  a trans women using a neutral bathroom is a great way to scream `` hey i 'm trans !, 
  ! '' in an unsafe environment . 
  trans people should be able to decide who they want to tell about their trans-ness ( is that a word ? 
  ) , not forcibly have to state it . 
  also , if both trans men and trans women were to use the same neutral bathroom ... then both genders are using a same bathroom , which is exactly what op is suggesting . 
  if i censured it and said t-word rather than tranny , it 's unlikely op would know exactly what i was talking about , mostly only those familiar with the trans community would know what i would mean . 
  for the sake of understanding and communication . 
  however , everyone knows what we 're talking about when we say n-word . 
  this is for women who also have instagram . 
  do i have to be irish ? 
  i put no since it 's not a country per se . 
  transnistria and kurdistan are n't technically countries either , even if they want to be . 
  i 'm from catalonia and although the independentist feeling is strong here , it ca n't be considered a country until it is officially separate from spain . 
  fun fact , montserrat was named after a cool mountain here in catalonia . 
  there are currently 193 fully recognised sovereign states , i.e. 
  `` countries '' , by the [ un ] ( http://www.infoplease.com/ipa/a0001295.html ) . 
  i would consider this to be the official country list to have in mind for the survey . 
  other than those countries there are two `` observer states '' ( palestine and vatican city ) that are n't completely sovereign but do have some degree of autonomous legislation and a list of eleven `` other states '' that are n't recognised and have limited governmental status ( including transnistria , taiwan , kosovo , etc. ) . 
  i do n't think these can be considered official countries as of yet because they are not recognised as such . 
  i think we should use the un 193 list . 
  i have met many trans people since i used to frequent lgbt + spaces , as well as talk to many regularly online . 
  i have yet to meet someone who does n't find this term offensive . 
  of course , there are also black people who say nigger , so there 's probably a bit of both in either case . 
  transvestite and transgender are n't the same thing . 
  a transvestite is , say , a guy in a dress , but a guy who identifies as a guy . 
  a transgender woman is a woman who was born physically male . 
  even if you do n't `` believe '' that a trans ( short for transgender , not transvestite ) person 's feelings are legitimate , they are two pretty different concepts . 
  down in spain . 
  i was going to geography now 's chad video . 
  morroco , israel and south africa too apparently . 
  urgh , i hope not . 
  apparently it 's mostly a europe thing http://downdetector.com/status/youtube/map/, 
  yeah , it 's working fine for me now ( spain ) . 
  doing the [ dewa sanzan ] ( http://hagurokanko.jp/en/ ) pilgrimage , maybe also a bit of the [ shikoku henro ] ( http://shikokuhenrotrail.com/ ) though with two weeks you 'll only just be able to start it . 
  also check out the [ festivals ] ( http://www.japanvisitor.com/japanese-festivals/festival-october ) for the dates you 're there . 
  i 'm the same but with japan . 
  mostly japan travel at this point , i 'm working on getting an official guide certificate as well as building a travel consultant business online . 
  however , i 'm also very interested in japanese history up until the 1700s . 
  i 've recently realised that i do n't know enough about the world 's countries and i 've subscribed to [ geography now ] ( https://www.youtube.com/user/geographynow/videos ) to learn some more , as well as many country subreddits . 
  so i 've been getting pretty interested in countries lately . 
  look up what to do in each city ( [ osaka ] ( http://www.japan-guide.com/e/e2157.html ) , [ tokyo ] ( http://www.japan-guide.com/e/e2164.html ) ) and choose whichever sounds more interesting . 
  it 's really only a question of looking at the sites each city has to offer . 
  however , with one or two months it 's likely you 'd have time to visit both . 
  if you 're going to kyoto , osaka is just a short train ride away and can easily be done in the evenings after visiting kyoto or as a day trip . 
  hiroshima is one of my favourite cities in japan , i spent 5 days in the area and loved it ( [ here 's my tr btw ] ( https://tokyoanecdote.wordpress.com/ ) ) . 
  of course it 's upsetting but for me it was more of a learning experience , it felt more like a city and symbol of peace rather than destruction . 
  you 'll have to decide where you draw the line and what may be too much for you personally , something that others may find interesting can be too upsetting for others . 
  in any case , even the museum in hiroshima was n't too graphic , in my opinion . 
  is this only for people who play video games ? 
  why do you keep asking that to different people ? 
  ! disagreewithop too . 
  op believes that torturing an animal is okay , and considering that it 's very likely they 'll cross an animal in their daily life ( dogs , cats , birds , etc. 
  are commonplace ) , it 's very possible that op would consider torturing said animal . 
  both pedophile tmbr posts have stated strict opinions against pedophilia and mentioning that having sex with kids is not okay . 
  if they had said , `` pedophilia is morally okay because why do we see raping kids as a bad thing ? '' , which is what the op of this post has said in regards to torture , they would 've been downovoted into oblivion . 
  it 's not about the topic talked about per se , it 's the opinion stated in the post . 
  i think i selected a 40 something too . 
  thought i was being very clever ... 
  ! disagreewithop, 
  testing animals is not moral , because it hurts them . 
  whether your reason is `` justified '' or not does n't really matter , it is n't * good * , blameless , decent to test animals , whatever you want to call it , and so is n't moral . 
  a reason , or an excuse , does n't make the doing any better in and of itself . 
  making life better for yourself by randomly torturing and executing thousands of animals per year is n't moral . 
  yes , testing with animals has led to scientific and medical breakthroughs , however the number of animals to horribly die , to live through torture and pain is much greater . 
  as u/highog has said , other alternatives exist to using animal testing . 
  many of the tests have also been criticised for not being reliable ( like the draize test , ld50 ) and needless suffering for the animals . 
  animals feel , think , behave , and experience pain just like we do and should be treated with the same amount of respect and care you 'd treat a human ( after all , humans are animals too ) . 
  whether they think in a lesser degree and feel things differently does n't mean we can do whatever we want with them as if they 'd feel nothing at all .
