  of course you could also go up further into the chubu region instead , it seems to be more popular with the visitors . 
  of course there is nothing wrong with visiting tokyo , kyoto and osaka if that 's what you want to do , but it 's not really ` off the beaten path ' . 
  there are actually a few temples in kyoto where you can stay the night and plenty of ryokans an onsen to choose from ( you can take the sagano scenic railway from arashiyama until the last stop , that town , though i 've forgotten the name , had some nice looking onsen ) , so you could technically spend the whole week in kyoto and cross everything off your list . 
  check out http://www.japan-guide.com/ for ideas on places to visit , that is what most first-timers use and will give you a fair idea of what there is . 
  what i do is add the spots i want to go to on google maps and that marks a route that i 'll be following . 
  once you know what you want to do , budgeting and transportation come next , but i suggest you look up a bit of sightseeing first to know your options . 
  once you have an itinerary sorted out you can post it here to get feedback on how to maybe optimise it . 
  i wrote a post the other day about the peace sites i visited -- https://m.reddit.com/r/japantravel/comments/4vrh4i/trip_report_hiroshima_peace_sites_aka_the_other/, 
  of course there is still more to hiroshima than that though . 
  do n't forget a visit to the castle as someone already mentioned and the garden shukkeien nearby . 
  okonomiyaki is hiroshima 's speciality and is easy to find if you want to try that . 
  if you 're in hiroshima on wednesday check out a kagura show , it was one of my favourite things i did the whole two weeks i was in japan http://www.rcchall.jp/bunkac/html/kagura/, 
  i think with one of those days you could make a day trip to iwakuni and miyajima ( you can start at iwakuni castle and bridge early morning and spend the rest of the day in miyajima ) . 
  i think sendai city has a lot more to offer than sapporo ( or at least i know of more to do in sendai than sapporo ) , but you are n't spending many days in hokkaido in total so i suggest spending the extra day further north just to get to see more of the island , not necessarily spending the full day in sapporo itself . 
  why do n't you look up what you want to do in each place and sort out your time so you can do it all , rather than choosing a city then finding stuff to do ? 
  it seems like a well-thought route . 
  if you start the second day in otsu early in omihachiman you can spend the daily hours there and once all the museums and boat tour end make your way up to shirahige shrine for the sunset or late afternoon at lake biwa . 
  if you then go back to kyoto to sleep at the same hostel ( so only sleeping one night in otsu ) you 'll probably be able to leave your bag in the kyoto hostel and not have to carry it with you . 
  you say omihachiman is too far away from otsu for you ( is it time or money ? 
  ) , and although i agree that hikone castle is nice , it is still further away than omihachiman is . 
  i think hikone is worth at least a full day and your second day in otsu already has shirahige shrine there , so i say either try to give it more time or save it for another trip . 
  duckface08 said to move fushimi inari to your kyoto days , but you have to take the train back into kyoto from otsu if you 're later going down to fushimi or uji , so i think fushimi inari is fine where it is . 
  i 'm going to be the one to say it : there 's no way you can fit in that much into day 1 . 
  i do n't know where you 'll be flying from but if it 's a different time zone or you 've been flying for 5 + hours , you 're going to be very tired once you get there . 
  on my trips i leave the first day emptier so i can have a bit of a rest . 
  i 'd suggest visiting places close to your hotel , or only the places closer to kyoto station since you 'll be going there anyway . 
  i 'd move at least the second block ( nijo-jo , imperial palaces , museums and nishiki market ) to day 7 which seems pretty empty . 
  you 're going to want to be at himeji castle as soon as possible , it gets pretty crowded . 
  usually at opening time it 's okay ( unless it 's spring , but september should be fine ) , but lines start to form later on and the interior will be full of people . 
  if i were you i 'd try and get an earlier shuttle from the hotel to the station if there is one available . 
  do n't forget to visit koko-en garden next to the castle in himeji , it 's only 40yen extra if you buy a combo ticket . 
  i 'd also spend more time in kobe while you 're there too . 
  there is a lot to do and you 're not really in a hurry to get back to kyoto . 
  other than that i think it seems like a well thought itinerary !, 
  good luck , you 're going to have a great time . 
  nibutani is my must-see , i ca n't imagine going to hokkaido and not learning about ainu culture . 
  i 'd also really love to go to wakkanai ( + rebun / rishiri ) and maybe see seals . 
  hokkaido has three castles belonging to the ` 100 top castles of japan ' that also make it to my list of must-sees . 
  thanks :d, 
  check http://www.japan-guide.com/ as a starting point . 
  ps : maybe you should try posting this at http://www.fodors.com/community/asia/japan/, 
  they 're pretty helpful when it comes to itineraries . 
  if you 'd asked me this question three months ago i would 've said that i would land in osaka airport but start my itinerary in himeji before heading up to tottori ( stopping at tatsuno , shingu miyauchi ruins , miyamoto musashi and kawara-jo ) , then head along the northern coast to izumo with many more stops along the way . 
  i 'd spend at least a week in shimane prefecture since it 's a yokai paradise for me before taking the discounted bus down to hiroshima . 
  from there , day trips to miyajima and iwakuni before going along the coast again until i reach osaka once again . 
  again , with many stops of course . 
  but i did a similar route through okayama and hiroshima prefectures at the start of july so i would n't really be doing that anymore . 
  if i had three weeks now , i 'd probably land in nagoya , spend a few nights there until i get rid of the jet lag ( people will tell you a visit to nagoya is pointless , but that 's really a personal preferance ) . 
  from there , head up to gifu and inuyama because i 'm a huge castle fan before starting the loop through sekigahara , hikone , omihachiman , nagahama , fukui ( eihei-ji is a must ) , kanazawa , nanto , toyama , hida , takayama , matsumoto and finally make my way back down to nagoya through the nakahechi route . 
  if i 'm tight on budget i 'd land in kumamoto and then from there only go up to saga and fukuoka via local trains and see sights in close proximity . 
  with a bit of research and a slow-paced trip it could probably fill in two weeks . 
  there is a lot to do in japan and any area can be interesting . 
  i think you should choose a location based on weather / festivals / convenience and find stuff to do in proximity , since you 'll definitely find something if you look hard enough . 
  funny you ask that . 
  i just came back from a two week trip where i landed in osaka and made my way to hiroshima and back again with many stops along the way . 
  there is so much to do it would be hard to choose how to fill it in with only one day . 
  the most popular options would be himeji ( can combine it with kobe or mt.shosha https://tokyoanecdote.wordpress.com/2016/07/13/a-morning-at-mt-shosha/ ) , the kibi plain , okayama , kurashiki , bitchu-takahashi , onomichi , takehara ... even ako , tatsuno , akashi or bizen if you 're interested in smaller towns . 
  i think you could combine two of these into one day . 
  i 'd say spend at least a full day in hiroshima , the day for miyajima you can start off at iwakuni castle and bridge and the rest of the day on the island . 
  have n't been there myself at that time of the year but http://www.japanvisitor.com/japanese-festivals/daimonji-festival seems to have some answers . 
  well , sandankyo , as someone already mentioned , is okay for a day trip , you could potentially stay in akiota nearby and spend there for an extra day . 
  4-5 days ? 
  maybe a bit boring since it 's too small and in the middle of nowhere . 
  it 's not so much a town as a collection of houses spread out . 
  which area will you be travelling to ? 
  there are plenty of towns to see , there 's no need to travel to the other side of the country to visit one in particular when you 'll have dozens to choose from closer to wherever you do go . 
  near kyoto i 'm thinking omihachiman , it 's a beautiful place but allows close day trips to hikone , nagahama , otsu , iga-ueno and lake biwa . 
  you wo n't be getting bored at all . 
  [ sasayama ] ( http://tourism.sasayama.jp/english/ ) , full of history and a few sights to visit to keep your entertained but also has its charm if you just prefer to take it easy . 
  miyamachokita is becoming more popular with japanese tourists but still plenty of atmosphere . 
  mie prefecture does n't have any bigger cities and despite being on the way between kyoto and tokyo , not many foreign tourists add it to their lists . 
  ise is the biggest city there ( i think ? ), 
  but still offers a calm and peaceful atmosphere , you can visit anywhere else on the train line easily . 
  coastal wakayama prefecture and the izu peninsula also come to mind . 
  there are too many places to choose from . 
  which places do you already have in mind ? 
  while there is plenty to do in kamakura that could easily fill in 4-5 days , it gets packed full of tourists even on weekdays precisely because it is so close to tokyo . 
  it is really pretty though so do consider it , there are plenty cheap accommodations and walking paths that are great . 
  i stayed at kamejikan guesthouse and really recommend it . 
  i second this . 
  when i was there , i started my hike in takao very early , was at the top of the mountain around 9-10am and was back in tokyo somewhere between 12 and 1pm . 
  but have in mind that the train does take a very long time , both from takaosanguchi to tokyo and then down to yokohama , so even if you start early it would still be very late once you reach yokohama . 
  in early mornings ( meaning , before 9am ) there are few people at takao . 
  i myself only crossed a few on my way up . 
  i think you should do a trip to takao in the morning and spend the rest of the day in tokyo , and then combine yokohama with something in the area on a different day . 
  the already mentioned kamakura is a good plan . 
  mt.takao is closer and easier ( well-marked , easy transportation ) than mt.mitake , but both are fine . 
  depending on the time of the year you can sometimes see mt.fuji from takao ( though i did n't ) . 
  as for nikko , it is beautiful but i prefer an overnight stay , otherwise it can feel very rushed since it 's far away . 
  how would i go about making a review for a hostel that is n't listed ? 
  was also wondering if there must be photos , since i stayed at a few where i did n't take any . 
  thanks , that 's great !, 
  i was actually thinking about finding a bike and cycling around okinawa , it 's good to have some referent of how that would be . 
  i 'll also be following their trip , 
  i 've been wanting to go there . 
  what else did you do in the area ? 
  i 've been there , it 's a great place !, 
  definitely recommended . 
  i guess it would be open during museum open hours although i did n't ask . 
  you would have to pay the entrance fee to the museum though , about 1000yen but ` free ' with the grutt pass ( the pass is 2500yen but pays off with a few museum visits ) .
