  after that i try to find the city 's own website to see what the place is like ( in nara 's case , i would start my research from http://www.nara-kankou.or.jp/convention/e/ ) . 
  many people read forums like this one ( or tripadvisor , japan-guide forums , fodors ... ), 
  3 ) it is always hard for me to choose where to go in japan because there are so many beautiful places i want to go to !, 
  i always change my mind many times before finally deciding on my route . 
  i usually try to go for places that have an important history or some connection to legends / folklore / yokai . 
  this is a very personal preference though , since japanese folklore is something i really love . 
  i also really like each city 's or town 's speciality , for example i would go to gifu for the sarubobo , to zao to see the hometown of kokeshi , i would go to matsumoto to visit the wasabi farm , to wajima for urushi ... something unique about each place that i could n't see elsewhere . 
  in general , i like japan because it is a very easy place to travel to , everything is clean and organised and easy . 
  4 ) i have not been to nara yet , but i am really looking forward to go to the seven great temples of nara , and maybe see places that appear in the tale of genji . 
  for most tourists , they are looking forward to the deer and the area around the park ( todai-ji mostly ) . 
  that 's a good idea , buses and discounted tickets for some of the less known attractions . 
  when i went to tokyo i had a grutt pass and i found out about and went to many small museums and places that i had n't heard of because they were on the ticket . 
  and as for the crowds , you can check the crowd calendar from their website : http://www.himejicastle.jp/en/, 
  also , try typing into google maps ` hostel [ place where you 're going ] ' . 
  sometimes you can easily find places this way . 
  where are you going ? 
  only three ?!, 
  - third place is a tight fight between the daibutsu hiking trail in kamakura and shorinzan daruma-ji temple in takasaki ... 
  i did n't mention amuse museum because they were doing a temporary exposition i loved ( boro ) , and i do n't know when you 're going . 
  it 's on until march 26 2017 !, 
  i use this map to plan my trips to japan . 
  just check the ` \u30db\u30c6\u30eb ' layer to see a list of hostels ( all under 5000yen ) . 
  i have around 30 in kyoto , all of them female-friendly since i 'm also a woman . 
  i think the cheapest one would be trip sound if you 're staying for a few nights , also they have a female-only dorm if you prefer . 
  ca n't help you much with tokyo though , since i stayed in khaosan tokyo ninja but they closed not long ago . 
  i 'd say odaiba is best for the morning / afternoon and ikebukuro for the evening . 
  if you plan to visit any museums in odaiba ( especially the miraikan ! ), 
  then they 'll be closed by 5pm . 
  also , i think ikebukuro is still very attractive after dark . 
  i stayed in asakusabashi when i went to tokyo too . 
  it 's about 15min walk from akihabara station , so not far at all . 
  according to hyperdia , one of the cheapest routes seems to be from narita airport to keisei-funabashi station ( using the keisei main line ltd. . exp . 
  going direction keisei-ueno ) , then walking to funabashi station close by and going from funabashi station to akihabara station ( taking the jr chuo/sobu line direction nakano ) . 
  it sums up to \u00a5 1130 . 
  the bus option that someone already mentioned is also cheaper . 
  using trains in japan is a question of getting used to them . 
  i admit that on my first trip i spent a good 20min staring at the train map with no idea what to do , but after using the train from narita airport to asakusabashi i learnt quickly and had no further problems with trains for the rest of my trip ( or ever ) . 
  you might as well learn how to use them at the airport and save yourself a bit of money in the process . 
  getting lost at the airport is better than getting lost in a station in tokyo anyway , since there are less lines and trains to get mixed up with . 
  as for places to stay , in akihabara i know of grids hostel ( http://grids-hostel.com/hostels/akihabara/room.html#room1 ) . 
  i stayed in khaosan tokyo ninja but they closed not long ago . 
  as someone already said , ueno and asakusa do have budget options , though ueno is closer to akihabara and only one stop away on the train . 
  as a side note , check out mandarake store in akihabara , they have a lot of second-hand merch and you 'll find cool things much cheaper than in other stores in the area . 
  and if you 're buying figurines make sure to compare prices with other shops since many have the same ones at different prices . 
  there are signs all over the station telling you the number of the tracks and the lines that use them . 
  as soon as you walk through the ticket gate you 'll see a pointer to the yamatoji line telling you where to go . 
  as for knowing which train it is , there are usually screens at the platforms with the name and time of the next trains stopping . 
  if not , the haruka should have a screen at the front or on the sides with the name . 
  if you 're worried you could always try to find a station map , but in my experience they are usually more confusing . 
  just follow the signs . 
  if you need to heat something that you buy from the store , many konbinis have a microwave in the back room . 
  usually you do n't do it yourself , but they 'll heat it up for you if you ask , or they might just ask you directly if you want it heated up when you buy it . 
  the word for microwave is ` maikuroha ' by the way . 
  well , it really depends on where you 're going and what kind of trip it is . 
  i usually pack really light and only carry a small backpack / schoolbag that will fit in station 's small lockers since i move around a lot , and also some rural stations do n't even have lockers so i 'd have to carry it around with me . 
  suitcases in general sometimes do n't fit in smaller lockers . 
  it 's a personal preference kind of thing . 
  well , yes , but also count travel time getting to the shinkansen from the hotel / hostel , + maybe waiting for a taxi / asking for one to come , the taxi ride there ... it adds up to more than just the shinkansen time . 
  most buildings in hiroshima were destroyed by the bomb , so the city is pretty modern and does n't have much traditional architecture . 
  it would be interesting to see the few buildings that are still standing from before the bomb ( the dome , former bank , honkawa school ... ) . 
  the north part of the city is older and gives a different air to the rest of the city , so maybe look into the temple walk to see a bit of the area . 
  the town of onomichi nearby also has quite a few interesting buildings to look at , such as the gaudi house . 
  when japan was developing rapidly from the 1950 - 70s , there was a general love for cement and was used a lot . 
  so buildings and monuments that had been destroyed during the war were rebuilt with cement ( cheaper , quicker and easier to use in combination with a steel frame ) instead of traditional materials . 
  that 's why there are many castles that are cemented inside such as hiroshima castle and fukuyama castle , i think it 's an interesting detail to have in mind architecture-wise since it explains well the mentality of the showa era ( 1926 - 1989 ) . 
  how do you plan to get to the ribbon chapel ? 
  there are n't any train stations in the area , and i do n't know of any buses going there . 
  not long ago i published a map of things to do in hiroshima prefecture : https://www.reddit.com/r/japantravel/comments/4m7983/what_to_do_in_kyoto_and_hiroshima_maps/, 
  ps : if you 're going to the ribbon chapel , you might be interested in doing a quick stop at matsunaga town . 
  apart from a footwear museum they have houses along the river lined up in an interesting way : http://matinami.o.oo7.jp/tyugoku2/fukuyama-matunaga.html there 's not much else to do there though . 
  also look into bandai-ji temple and tomonoura . 
  definitely look into visiting kurashiki ( though that 's in okayama prefecture ) . 
  the buildings in kurashiki are traditional japanese storehouses known as ` kura ' , hence the name of the city . 
  kura were used to store only precious items , like rice or sutras later on , and started appearing as early as the yayoi period . 
  there are many types of kura storehouses such as ` azekura ' ( log cabin ) , board-wall kura ( you can see some at shirakawa-go ) , ` ishigura ' made out of stone ... but the ones we find in kurashiki are known as ` earthen kura ' . 
  these types of constructions usually have a wooden structural frame with added on bamboo lathing and palm fibre , with the walls being covered in clay and coated with plaster in order to make them fireproof . 
  in kurashiki we can see two different ways of tiling : the one laid diagonally and fixed with white plaster to keep them in place -- this style of tiling is called ` namako ' ( literally ` sea cucumber ' because of the rounded plaster ) -- and horizontal tiles . 
  i think the tiling is to protect the walls from damage since the clay is n't too strong . 
  there are other aspects of the buildings that are interesting like water cutters over the windows . 
  it depends on op 's budget , the available places to sleep on miyajima are quite expensive . 
  the last ferry ( jr , not kisen ) leaves the island at 22:14 , so you have plenty time until then to see the sunset , the torii lit up and walk around after the tourists have left and then return to hiroshima if you 're looking for a cheaper stay option . 
  check the tides time of the date you 'll be going if you want to walk out to the torii or visit the shrine at high tide . 
  yeah , you 're talking about backpacker 's miyajima ( http://www.backpackers-miyajima.com/ ) which is right next to the ferry station on mainland . 
  if i 'm not mistaken , one of the cheapest places on miyajima island is ryoso kawaguchi at around 7000 yen/night . 
  they do have a campsite on the island though , if you prefer . 
  if you 're only after the insects , there is an insect museum : http://www.gotokyo.org/en/kanko/nerima/spot/1530.html, 
  i 'm in kurashiki tomorrow , then going to be in onomichi on monday morning . 
  i was wanting to go to takehara in the afternoon and then to sleep in hiroshima . 
  if anyone has any info on the line updates , please keep us updated !, 
  are there any buses from onomichi-takehara + takehara-hiroshima or onomichi-hiroshima ? 
  ah , sorry for the lack of info in the opening post , i was writing that on the train and had little time . 
  i do n't have a jr pass . 
  i 've spent two weeks in japan , tomorrow is my last day , and i 've done a bit of exploring through hiroshima and okayama prefectures as well as a couple of days in himeji and kobe . 
  this is my second trip , i spent two weeks in tokyo ( + kamakura and takasaki ) last time . 
  the train museum sounds good !, 
  i 'll look into it , though i prefer to stay in or closer to osaka ( just under 500yen transportation price from osaka station , really , the more i can save , the better ) . 
  i 'm vegetarian so i did n't try the kobe beef , but i did spend half a day un kobe and it was great !, 
  thank you , 
  thanks , i found the natto !, 
  thanks , i found the natto !,
