  there , there , corrected it . 
  re : onomichi . 
  yes , you can rent a bike in onomichi and drop it off in imabari . 
  some people like to stay the night somewhere on one of the middle islands , but it can be done in one day if you start early . 
  i recommend looking at [ these ] ( http://www.city.onomichi.hiroshima.jp/english/kanko/shimanami/shimanami.html ) [ two ] ( http://www.go-shimanami.jp/global/english/ ) links . 
  if you 're interested in the temlpe walk , i took a short half-day . 
  ( and am i allowed to say i did n't like miyajima much ? 
  the folklore museum and senjokaku were my two definite high points though , i think the visit is worth it just to see those two places . ), 
  sakhalin is beautiful but is n't much of a tourist destination . 
  generally the north is much colder than the south , but otherwise it is pretty similar to northern hokkaido in terms of geography and appearance . 
  try reading http://wikitravel.org/en/sakhalin if you have n't already . 
  two days in ishinomaki may be boring , half a day would be fine . 
  maybe spend some time in matsushima , yamadera and sendai next door . 
  it 's good that you arrive to himeji before the castle opens so you wo n't be stuck at the back of any lines , but i do n't think you need 5h30min to see it . 
  i spent 3h at the castle , plus another hour at the garden next door . 
  you may be interested in looking into mount shosha nearby which can be done after visiting the castle . 
  why are days 11 and 16 travel days ? 
  i understand that you 're moving from kyoto to osaka , but they are right next to each other and the trip can be done so easily in half an hour , there 's no need for a full day for that . 
  if you travel from kyoto to tokyo in the evening that wo n't take out any time for sightseeing either . 
  also , what are you going to do in osaka for four days ? 
  does that include day trips to nearby places ( nara , himeji , mt.koya , etc. 
  there will be snow pretty much everywhere , but there are plenty places that look better in winter . 
  the first that comes to mind are aizu-wakamatsu and \u014cuchijuku . 
  you can still visit all the bigger cities that will have snow out of the way ( sendai , hiraizumi , hirosaki , aomori , morioka , akita ... ) , and other places like ryusendo caves , kakunodate , matsushima do n't really matter what time of the year you visit since they will still be open . 
  tohoku is famous for its onsen ( hot springs ) that are beautiful in winter . 
  check out nyuto onsen , naruko onsen , ginzan onsen to mention some of the most popular . 
  on january 17th there is bonden-sai festival in akita by the way . 
  you would be able to stay there since it 's just a normal layover . 
  as non-binary myself i could n't care less about my sex . 
  being female does n't make me a girl , i have no hate or negative feelings towards my body . 
  it 's irrelevant and my gender is totally independent . 
  it 's a question of ` i am non-binary , and therefore my body is non-binary because it belongs to me ' , it does n't matter what sex it is . 
  it seems like you are confusing two different concepts :, 
  when people say that ` gender is non-binary ' , it means there are more than two genders ( man and woman ) , not that a trans person necessarily has to identify as one of those ` other ' genders . 
  transgender basically just means that one 's gender ( the feeling of who they are ) is different to that of their biological sex . 
  it could mean for example a biological male identifying as a woman ( not negating the existence of other genders , simply not relevant in this person 's identity ) or a male identifying as neither man/woman . 
  many who identify as non-binary do n't identify as trans ( some do ) , while many trans people identify as a man or a woman even though that has no impact on there being a non-binary concept applicable for other people . 
  edit : grammar, 
  ! disagreewithop, 
  being transgender is about feeling who you are , not about comparing what you like and the things you do with other people or genders / sexes . 
  it can be hard to understand for someone who does n't feel this way and it 's something that most trans people question when thinking about their identities . 
  it 's just a wiggle , an itch at the back of your mind saying that whatever gender people associate with you is wrong . 
  there can be plenty reasons , or sometimes there simply is no reason . 
  i have met plenty trans people who have trouble fitting in precisely because they identify as , say , a girl , but with many tastes and likes that are ` boy things ' , asking themselves what it means to be and feel a boy or a girl beyond stereotypes . 
  in the end it all comes down to ` i just feel that way ' , regardless of anything else . 
  ask yourself , why do * you * identify as a man/woman ? 
  is it because you like pink or play sports ? 
  probably not . 
  no , gender expression and gender identity are n't the same thing . 
  being transgender is about feeling who you are , not about comparing what you like and the things you do with other people or genders / sexes . 
  it can be hard to understand for someone who does n't feel this way and it 's something that most trans people question when thinking about their identities . 
  it 's just an itch at the back of your mind saying that whatever gender people associate with you is wrong . 
  there can be plenty reasons , or sometimes there simply is no reason . 
  i have met plenty trans people who have trouble fitting in precisely because they identify as , say , a girl , but with many tastes and likes that are ` boy things ' , asking themselves what it means to be and feel a boy or a girl beyond stereotypes . 
  in the end it all comes down to ` i just feel that way ' , regardless of anything else . 
  ask yourself , why do * you * identify as a man/woman ? 
  is it because you like pink or play sports ? 
  probably not . 
  and if you are a guy and play sports , it does n't mean you are ` latching onto that for your identity ' , it 's just something you do . 
  others may perceive you as ` more masculine ' because you do , but that has no real impact on your identity and your gender . 
  the feeling and the way other people percieve their identity , trans people included , is the same as what makes you think of yourself as a man/woman . 
  it 's just a feeling of who you are , not cultural norms . 
  i asked myself why i only felt attracted to men and when i came up with nothing but ` i just do ' , i started looking at women and questioning what they do n't have that would make me not attracted to them . 
  over time i grew more attracted to women and less attracted to men . 
  it was n't an `` awakening '' of sexuality , it was simply the realisation that personal opinions have a great impact on who you find attractive , and changing those opinions can lead to feeling attracted to different people regardless of their biological sex . 
  actually i 've heard similar stories from others who identify as non-binary/trans or have considerably changed their initial views on gender and sex . 
  i do n't think that most people can willingly change their sexuality , but it is n't impossible . 
  i agree that forcibly trying to make someone change their sexuality is wrong and dangerous and that those trying to do this really have no idea what they are doing ( have they even tried to change their * own * sexuality first ? ), 
  and , well , totally pointless considering there is nothing wrong with sexual feelings towards men/women regardless of your gender . 
  i do n't really dream of myself . 
  when i do , it 's just the concept of me , not a physical form . 
  i 've commented directly on the website !, 
   stoic and contemplative or hardworking and no-nonsense, 
  mostly , yes . 
  but if you 're looking for friendship rather than acquaintance you may want to try a different tactic . 
  i do n't talk much , not because i 'm trying to stay silent but because i have nothing to say / do n't know how to say it / sudden selective mutism . 
  it 's fine if what i want is to get something done in the workspace , but i ca n't really build relationships and friendships beyond that . 
  i believe that in the real world , when doing a project , one will have access to information and resources that may not necessarily be equal among every other adult in the same work field . 
  students should have the opportunity to use any information they can access to be able to study for the exam , it is then an opportunity to learn and form contacts and relationships with people that will help them at a later date as well as practising the ability to gain information and knowledge that will help them succeed . 
  every teacher has their own teaching style and techniques and as such it would n't make sense for them to offer the same exam . 
  some teachers will focus more on some aspects , some will want to change the exam for one class in particular if they see that those students are having certain difficulties with one aspect that another class had n't or was n't featured in the standard/genaral exam , maybe a teacher corrects the exam in a different way to another teacher , maybe one does less written exams and prefers to teach and evaluate through oral exams / projects / group exercises ... and so every teacher should make their own exams rather than everyone using a same template . 
  i agree that the final exam , say , at the end of high school in order to enter university ( i do n't know how things work in the us , but that is what we do in spain ) should be the same for everyone because they are directly competing against each other , and the results are written down previously for each teacher so they are corrected equally , but during the school year exams should be fluid and made for the chances of learning of the students in question as well as according to every teacher 's teaching style . 
   to me it sounds a bit like affirmative action where we would give roles to not necessarily the best actor , but one who fits the color . 
  every race has plenty of people who are good and worthy actors for the different roles cast in movies . 
  considering the amount of black people , tibetans and chinese people there are , the only reason for casting a white person for a role meant for a character who is n't white is because the director has n't found one . 
  that could be because of poor representation in media , actors not having a chance and not appearing in movies ( the consequences of the situation you are talking about ) or simply because the director did n't look very far . 
   why ca n't a white person play an asian role or vice-versa without some controversy ? 
  there have been many cases through history where white people have played or personified people from other races while being offensive and degrading to them , or at least culturally inaccurate . 
  let 's just look at black-face as a clear example . 
  but the thing is , * why * cast a white person for a role when there are plenty of actors of the character 's supposed race that are just as good and can offer a better representation in the movie ? 
   i also feel that it would take us down a road where not only are we talking about asian-americans in films , but now we need to make sure a chinese actor does n't play a japanese role , etc. 
  let 's look at ` memoirs of a geisha ' . 
  would it have made sense for emma watson to play the main character 's role ? 
  not really , considering that is n't how the character is supposed to look in the book and emma watson 's culture shares no links to japanese culture . 
  the main character was played by a chinese actress . 
  there could be a debate whether that is okay , although as a chinese person she did n't have to dress-up in the japanese cultural aspects to play the role because she was already physically similar . 
  however , there are plenty japanese actors who could have played the role if the director had bothered to look for one . 
   you do n't see outcry in these other markets about white actors being under represented . 
  that 's because white actors are n't under represented . 
  such problem does not exist for there to be any concerns or discussions about .
