  make sure to bring a jacket and stay very warm !, 
  being cold can also help cause altitude sickness . 
  i 'm not debating the value of nara , i could easily stay there for a few days , it really is impressive . 
  but if this person visits nara then they only have one day for kyoto , which really means they 're just running around quickly crossing japan 's top places off a list without enjoying the place or getting to know it . 
  nara is worth a day ( or more ) if you have more time , or else take kyoto off the route completely and spend them both in nara , but trying to do both is n't worth it in this particular case . 
  there are a few direct shinkansen between hiroshima and kyoto every day ( hikari ) , mostly in the mornings , but some trains will require a transfer usually at shin-osaka station . 
  so you 're looking at the hikari shinkansen between hiroshima-kyoto if you have a jr pass , or either a nozomi or hikari shinkansen if you do n't . 
  for kyoto-tokyo there is the jr tokaido shinkansen , here the nozomi trains take 140min , hikari trains about 160min and kodama trains about four hours . 
  if you have a jr pass you ca n't use nozomi trains . 
  you said some websites do n't work , i do n't know if you 've checked hyperdia.com , you might want to check it out if you have n't . 
  insert the stations ( hiroshima - kyoto ) and it will give you a timetable and tell you whether or not it 's direct . 
  the price between kyoto-tokyo is about 13,080 yen , and the price between hiroshima-kyoto is 11,000 yen , which sums up to 24,080 yen . 
  a 7-day jr pass is 29,110 yen . 
  if you 're landing in hiroshima airport it may not be necessary for you to buy one , if you 're landing in osaka or kyoto then it is probably a good idea . 
  i 've never used a shinkansen before , but i think you can just buy them at the station once there . 
  after leaving narita airport on my first trip i was very excited to finally be in japan since i 'd been looking forward to it for ages . 
  japan looks so different from spain ; the houses , the nature , the speakers of the train in japanese ... i wanted to look at everything zoom past the window of the train but i did n't have time to catch everything !, 
  then , after maybe only five-ten minutes of being on the train , i saw a brilliant red pagoda fly past outside , standing out tall between the beautiful trees !, 
  my skin had goose-bumps of just how excited i was , how beautiful the pagoda had looked . 
  that image is engrained in my mind . 
  i now know that that 's the three story pagoda of naritasan shinshoji temple , and i would absolutely love to go there one day to see it again up close and give it the attention it deserves . 
  it 's actually slowly become a symbol of my journeys through japan , my special little spot of the country . 
  what airports are you entering and leaving from ? 
  following the big cities would be best since you 'll find a lot of information about them , with only two weeks of planning it would be easier that way . 
  toyota factory tour : make sure you 've applied for the tour first !, 
  with the rest of the day you could visit the kaikan museum or a few sites in nagoya ( atsuta jingu , tokugawa art museum and garden , nagoya castle ... ) or spend the rest of the day in kyoto . 
  have in mind that many museums close at 5pm though . 
  some temples and shrines will be open until later , like fushimi inari ( open 24/7 ) . 
  gion would also be a good area to visit past 6pm . 
  if you have n't already , check out http://www.japan-guide.com/, 
  for your day trip to hiroshima , make sure to also check out miyajima nearby !, 
  many people do the two in one day and it would be a pity to miss out on . 
  i do n't really think you need two rest days , so try to go to kamakura while you 're there . 
  it 's really not far and definitely worth it . 
  there are many hostels available in big cities like osaka , kyoto and tokyo if you 're trying to find cheap accommodation . 
  i personally think wakayama is actually a nice place , but whether it is better for you than shirahama or not really depends on your individual tastes . 
  in wakayama there is the awashima shrine which is a personal favourite of mine . 
  there 's also kadakasuga shrine , kimiidera temple , and wakayama castle ( with momijidani garden and the koshoan ) . 
  the kifudoki no oka is an open air museum with a few old buildings . 
  ah , by the way , wakayama prefecture 's speciality is a sweet called honnoji manjuu , do n't forget to taste some if you can !, 
  check out http://www.wakayamakanko.com/eng/ for more things on what to do in wakayama . 
  if you are going to shirahama , engetsu island is a must !, 
  being on the shinkansen line helps , although it would n't work if that was the only reason . 
  nobody really goes to shimonoseki , for example . 
  i 'll avoid repeating the bomb and miyajima scenic beauty explanations that the other commenters have given , since that is of course half of the reason , but there 's also another factor to have in mind ; the more people that go to a place , the more people will want to go to that place . 
  when planning a trip to another country you ask questions about the places you 'll be going to , and when you come back you maybe post a trip report and photos , or mention it to a friend , share your experiences with the internet or with rl people you know . 
  for someone thinking about where to go , they 'll read these posts online and say ` ahh yes , hiroshima ' . 
  if it shows up many times , the more influence it will have on someone who does n't know about the country because the more likely they are to see it and read about it , the more likely they are to research into going there . 
  they see that it is popular and suppose there must be a reason for it . 
  since many people have already mentioned doing a day trip to hiroshima , more people will be adding that to their itineraries because it is easier for them to come across this information . 
  if you 've never read someone write about a day trip to nagoya , even though it is most definitely possible ( whether or not it is more enjoyable depends on everyone 's tastes ) , a person who is unfamiliar with the country might not consider it as an option . 
  when in unfamiliar territory ( especially another country where they speak a completely different language ) you go for what 's safe and easy , and going to hiroshima is safe and easy because it 's been done so many times before . 
  also , say a person is looking at japan-guide to look up information when planning a trip ( because let 's be honest , that 's where most people planning a trip to japan get their ideas ) , on the map of the front page nagano does n't even appear , and on their most popular itinerary featuring kyoto and tokyo , neither nagoya and nagano appear , though hiroshima does in both cases . 
  which leads to the next point : when planning a trip somewhere , the common thing is to want to go to places you 've heard of . 
  if i were to go to india i 'd want to go to the taj mahal , if i was going to australia i 'd go to the great barrier reef and if going to france , i 'd add paris and lyon to my list . 
  many people have heard of hiroshima , so once they find out it can be done as a day trip from kyoto / osaka , they are happy to find a place they have heard of and add it to their itinerary . 
  to put it in another context , it 's the same reason why people go to nikko and kamakura as day trips from tokyo : because they are easy to find , there 's more information about them , there are more people talking about them and saying that they are wonderful places to visit . 
  because many people have been there , when you search ` day trip from tokyo ' on google , they are the two that first appear . 
  but it does n't necessarily mean they are better or more important than any other day trip you would want to do from tokyo . 
   literally nothing to do/see there, 
  well ... i really like nagoya  while as a first-timer to japan ( or if this is a once in a life-time trip ) i think hiroshima is more important and should be visited at least once , nagoya has it 's own charms too . 
  and then yokohama and naoshima are places that i could n't care less about and would n't add to my itinerary even if i had time to spare in the area . 
  i guess it depends a lot on each other 's tastes and preferences . 
  okay , i 'll give you sankeien . 
  but as for cool buildings like the landmark tower complex you still get oasis 21 and the mode gakuen spiral tower in nagoya ( not to mention the railway museum ) , you also have osu kannon temple , the t\u014dgan-ji green buddha and the tokugawa museum + gardens for something more traditional . 
  for me the star of nagoya would be atsuta jingu though ( it enshrines amaterasu ! ), 
  i think we 'll have to agree to disagree xd, 
  miyajima itself has a beach you could swim in , it 's pretty popular in summer . 
  a few islands in the area also have beaches , like okunoshima ( rabbit island ) , etajima island , innoshima island ( shimanami beach ) , atata island , shiraishi island ... if i remember correctly , shimo-kamagari island also has a beach on the southern side . 
  going to the beach during summer is a normal thing in japan , although it is n't seen much as a tourist attraction and is n't mentioned much to visitors of the country . 
  but along the coast there are many spots to have a swim if you wish . 
  ps : you might want to check out this page : http://visithiroshima.net/things_to_do/sports_and_activities/beaches/, 
  between kyoto station and kumanoshi station there 's about 4h if you use the shinkansen and express train ( going to nagoya before transferring onto the kisei main line ) . 
  if you use only locals it 'd be impossible to get there and back in a day . 
  from kumanoshi station there 's a bus going to the rafting area ( kitayama village bus to `` okutoro koen '' ) , but there are very few every day , so you 'd have to be there early and make sure you do n't miss it . 
  reception for the rafting closes at 10:20 am , so that 's the latest you can be there . 
  i do n't think there are any shinkansen + train connections that will get you there from kyoto in time to catch the bus . 
  personally , i think it may be a bit difficult and a lot of work to get there for just a while of entertainment . 
  i would wait for a future trip when you are closer or have more time and can sleep there , or try to organise some sort of taxi pick-up or tour that will ease the transportation problems ( no idea how you 'll go about finding that though ) . 
  here 's the bus timetable from kumanoshi station to the rafting , by the way : http://www2.tb-kumano.jp/en/transport/pdf/kumano-shi-kitayama-bus.pdf if you somehow manage to get there and take the bus , you can show the bus driver a picture of the log rafting and he 'll know where to stop . 
  it 's a bit hard to offer recommendations without knowing your interests , but you should check http://www.japan-guide.com/ for ideas . 
  there 's nothing wrong with staying in hachioji , the thing is ... three ( four ) days ? 
  mount takao will take about half a day even if you start late , what do you plan to do in the area for the full two days and a half left ? 
  i think you could spend one or two days in fujikawaguchiko ( there is a lot to do there ) , then do a day for mt.takao and hachioji , and spend the extra day left in tokyo . 
  there is much more to do in tokyo and the two days you 've given it is a short amount of time even if you only want to see the main sites . 
  it 's not a waste of time to stay in magome if you want to see something different from tokyo and kyoto . 
  i think the whole itinerary sounds more or less feasible , but do try to spend a little time for a walk around nakatsuyama since it is also very beautiful . 
  i think i read once that hiking tsumago to magome has slightly more uphills , but walking either way is fine . 
  have in mind that the luggage forwarding service is available from mid march through november but not during the winter . 
  three days in tokyo is n't too much . 
  i spent two weeks there on my first trip and there 's still a lot for me left to do . 
  other options that the others have n't mentioned could be fukui ( especially eiheiji ) , omihachiman , hikone , uji , the kiso valley ( magome-tsumago ) , kurashiki ... kinosaki is a popular onsen town , and if you 're going there you could also go to amanoshidate ( one of the three top views of japan ) , tottori , himeji , or even matsue / izumo if you do n't mind the distance . 
  or you can always add an extra day to places you 'll be going to , like nara or kyoto could easily do with an more time . 
  i agree that many people know of nara and do it as a day trip . 
  1 ) kyoto-tokyo-osaka are the places along the golden route , so for someone who does n't know much about japan they will go to the places that are easy and have heard a lot about . 
  since everyone goes to kyoto and tokyo , the new travellers will have heard great things about them and will also want to go there . 
  but maybe if they are staying in kyoto they think they do n't have to see more temples and shrines since there are already many in kyoto , and nara is also very traditional so they decide to skip out on it . 
  2 ) personally , i do n't really read japan-guide anymore since it is a good guide for first-time travellers , but maybe more superficial for my style of travelling . 
  i read a lot of trip reports and blogs during the year , and that 's where i get most of my ideas from . 
  when i 'm searching for a specific place , the first thing i do is check google images .
