  if you do n't want to do long distances like the journey tokyo-kyoto ( although it really is n't hard ) , i would definitely suggest making a few day trips to towns and cities nearby . 
  i went to mt.takao , kamakura and takasaki and i kind of regret not making the most of my time in the country to see more places , even if * yes * , tokyo certainly has enough to keep you entertained . 
  there is so much to do close to tokyo , so do n't limit your days to the city alone , that way you can still base in tokyo and not have to look up other hotels . 
  good link , thanks !, 
  though i do n't usually visit all these sites , i mostly just type it in google or zoom in on google maps :p, 
  there 's a hike i 've been wanting to do for a while in the area . 
  there are two different courses , but both start ( or end ) at hakone sengokuhara plain and end ( or start ) at jizodo . 
  they pass through the sites where kintaro , legendary folklore hero , was born , but it 's still a good walk anyway if you do n't know about him . 
  the mt.ashigara course should take longer , closer to 4h , and focuses on the views and mountain , while the kintaro course is slightly shorter and passes a waterfall . 
  from jizodo you 'll have to take a bus to daiyuzan station ( amazing temple , by the way , do n't skip it ! ), 
  and then transfer to the train to get to odawara station ( do n't miss odawara castle either ! ) . 
  from there , hakone is another train ride away or the shinkansen/local trains back to tokyo . 
  so you 're basically walking from hakone to minamiashigara then ending in odawara . 
  this fellow did something similar if you 're looking for an english report : http://aichaobang.blogspot.com.es/2014/04/the-old-way-into-kanto-ashigara-pass.html, 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/japantravel/comments/553eix/share_your_planning_spreadsheets/ there it is . 
  i love tohoku , glad to see someone going there !, 
  so when you say tokyo --  morioka --  nyuto onsen , does that mean you 'll stop at morioka for sightseeing , or simply going there to rent the car ? 
  i would suggest spending the day in hiraizumi and morioka and renting a car later in the day to go up to the onsen , especially since you 'll already have a full day there the next day . 
  again , i 'm confused as to the itinerary of day 6 . 
  are you spending the morning in the onsen , stopping at morioka or planning to spend the day in hirosaki ? 
  the shinkansen does n't stop at hirosaki , which means you 'll have to change trains at aomori to get there . 
  maybe check out that city along the way . 
  hirosaki 's star attraction is the small castle , but may be hard to full a whole day of sightseeing . 
  there 's seibien garden nearby , and since you said you 'll be going soon maybe the tsugaru railway of goshogawara a bit further north will interest you ( http://www.en-aomori.com/activities-002.html ), 
  if you are having trouble filling in some more time , you can stop at sendai on your way back to tokyo , from there yamadera is a short train ride away , as is matsushima , and together they can make an awesome day . 
  i do n't think you can really call it food anymore once it 's reached that point . 
  kakunodate is also near lake tazawa , worth checking out !, 
  thanks !, 
  the location is 36.77326 , 139.71024 on google maps by the way , walkable from shin-takatoku station near nikko . 
  [ edo wonderland theme park ] ( http://edowonderland.net/en/ ) is also close by . 
  love the channel !, 
  i 've subscribed !, 
  i do n't really know what suicide sect you 're talking about , but there have been recent explosions ( + a maybe suicide note ) in utsunomiya city , which is close by . 
  thank you !, 
  sendai is easily worth a day , but i think half a day and coupling it with matsushima already mentioned would be a good idea . 
  check out the loople bus discount if you 'll be taking a few rides within the city , or you can just walk to zuih\u014dden , sendai 's main site . 
  for another day you should n't miss yamadera , also near sendai but in the other direction , and couple it with a town or city in yamagata prefecture like tendo , yamagata itself , kaminoyama or yonezawa . 
  also look into aizu-wakamatsu and nikko further down . 
  the problem i see is that day 2 it 's telling you to take the shinkansen to hakone for 3940 yen , which would be an hour from tokyo . 
  but if you take the jr tokaido line until odawara then the hakone tozan railway the price should be around 1620 yen which would be more or less 1h30min . 
  i honestly think you would save a lot of money ( from 7880yen to 3240yen , which is 4640 yen saved ) if you do n't use the bullet train . 
  i think the jr pass would be good for the other days if you 'll be using the shinkansen . 
  why does it say jr-west kansai area for day 10 ? 
  yes , it says ` day trip to kyoto ' on days 7-8 . 
  yeah , the pass starts on day 3 anyway . 
  the page does say that the jr-pass starts on day 3 , which would mean on the nikko day instead of the hakone day , but counting it does seem that it should start on day 2 , hakone , rather than on day 3 in order to make use of the seven days the pass lasts . 
  i thought hakone was n't included for this reason which is why i pointed out the cheaper train , but it seems there 's a mistake on the calculator since it only factors in 6 days for the pass . 
  dude , calm down , i 'm not attacking the tool you created , i 'm trying to help out . 
  it 's confusing since it does n't have a line for ` day 5 ' even if it does have a line for all the other days and i did n't see the ` 2 days ' at the end of the line of day 4 . 
  i did n't realise the line was n't there so this is what i was seeing : http://imgur.com/a/qqrfd, 
  honestly , if people do n't understand by a simple glance what the itinerary means and they have to ` put on some glasses ' to read it properly , then i 'm not sure it 's entirely perfect . 
  i know you made the tool and it 's great to have feedback to make it better , which is why i pointed it out . 
  but if the pass is activated on day 3 , using the shinkansen on day 2 does n't make sense , so my initial comment to use local trains would still save money . 
  thanks !, 
  it works much better now . 
  haha , this was a long conversation , i hope op was n't left more confused now than at the start . 
  to op : yes , a jr pass is worth it !, 
  also use local trains on the trip to hakone !, 
  can i advise against zao fox village ? 
  it 's true that photos and reviews make it seem like a nice place , and really the foxes are cute , but they are n't treated that great . 
  the workers throw them their food and the foxes fight over it , some of them being left injured because of it . 
  tiny cages with sick foxes , some even chained , cages for breeding ... they mostly just exist for the excitement of the tourists . 
  ( also the souvenir shop sells things from norway made out of animal fur , a truly horrific industry , and kind of not the thing one wants to think about after seeing the foxes . ), 
  i really do n't think it 's the best place to visit for an animal lover . 
  i do love the surrounding area it 's in though , miyagi prefecture and tohoku have a lot to offer . 
  maybe consider sendai , matsushima and yamadera , hiraizumi and geibikei too if you 're okay with going a bit further north . 
  shibu onsen is awesome , also maybe naruko or ginzan onsen if you are going up to sendai . 
  nozawa onsen is n't exactly along the way to sapporo -- [ green marker on the map ] ( http://imgur.com/a/fzmlc ) . 
  you would probably have to go up to nagano with the shinkansen , transfer to a local line and then it would take about an hour and a half to walk from the closest train station ( there might be a bus ) to the onsen itself . 
  so ginzan onsen is definitely more accessible , but i 'm not sure if it has an outdoor bath . 
  nyuto onsen is a favourite of many , naruko onsen is one of my personal favourites , both with outdoor baths . 
  there are also onsens in hokkaido . 
  [ onsen map ] ( https://www.google.com/maps/d/edit?hl=en_us&amp;app=mp&amp;mid=1k8lbwlhqz1kluina-hp-r4fc8b8 ), 
  did you say scenic train ? 
  how about the [ tsugaru railway ] ( http://www.en-aomori.com/activities-002.html ) ? 
  how about looking into nikko , aizu-wakamatsu , hiraizumi and tono ? 
  i 'm guessing you already know of matsushima near sendai as well as hirosaki near aomori . 
  i usually recommend yamadera but the mountain will be completely snowed and difficult to reach the top of . 
  ah , thanks for clearing that up . 
  i never use the shinkansen so i 'm a bit rusty on the routes :p, 
  i 've found this short trip report about the train btw https://www.scikick.me/posts/tsugaru, 
  i have n't had any similar experiences , but i have heard similar stories . 
  although it is a rare thing and it 's strange that so many restaurants refused you . 
  it could be anything really , from not being able to stay without prior reservations to them being about to close down . 
  there are some establishments whose owners feel uneasy about having customers that ca n't communicate with the staff ( as in , foreigners who do n't seem to speak japanese ) , not so much racism as it is a feeling of discomfort at not being able to understand someone . 
  the worry of how to handle foreigners in case of an emergency or other troubles , worry that the foreign guests cause inconvenience to other customers by not knowing the local customs and not being able to give a proper degree of service expected from them . 
  no service over bad service kind of thing . 
  maybe try a convenience store if something similar happens again , they always have lunch boxes and a microwave and are easy to find . 
  i know what it 's like to be in another country feeling down and it 's not cool . 
  hope you feel better , tomorrow will be a different day !, 
  this question was asked a day ago by someone else : https://www.reddit.com/r/japantravel/comments/59r7yg/where_to_propose_in_osaka/, 
  in kamakura i recommend the entrance to jojuin temple near gokurakuji station , at the top of the stairs there is a great view of the sea and beach and it 's really nice . 
  especially at sunset . 
  i travel once a year and i start planning as soon as i get back , so a long time . 
  but i really just discover lots of different places at first , i do n't actually decide where i 'm going until 3-4 months before leaving and i buy the plane tickets . 
  then i start the proper planning and make reservations a month before leaving . 
  once a year !, 
  if i 'm lucky maybe i can do twice next year . 
  it is a bit of a strange itinerary . 
  if you swap tokyo for shibu onsen on day 8 you could really do with a 7 day jr pass ( considering you arrive to tokyo at the end of day 8 rather than sleeping the night and reaching tokyo on day 9 ) , starting on day 2 .
