  really recommend it if you 'll be visiting a few museums . 
  this is a great map ldodb !, 
  i spent a couple nights in kamakura and there is enough to see there if you have more than a day . 
  the third day can be a mix of enoshima and yokohama . 
  if you do go , i really suggest staying at [ kamejikan ] ( http://kamejikan.com/?page_id=10039 ) . 
  it 's still one of my favourite places i 've slept in japan . 
  however , optimally i would say just a couple days there would be nice , spending one full day in kamakura , a morning in kamakura to reach hokokuji and that area , with the afternoon in enoshima and night in yokohama . 
  my favourite day trip from tokyo was [ takasaki ] ( https://tokyoanecdote.wordpress.com/2016/03/06/shorinzan-daruma-ji-temple-takasaki-%e9%ab%98%e5%b4%8e%e5%b8%82/ ) . 
  takasaki is a small city in gunma , it has enough to consider it worth visiting but it keeps a sort of rural charm to it . 
  i did takasaki on my first trip , i did n't know anything about anything and i really just showed up without knowing much what to do . 
  however , as well as everything i managed to do in one day , i would really recommend haruna shrine and ikaho onsen for a second day in the area . 
  it is a couple hours on the slow train from tokyo , so maybe you could stop at nagatoro and chichibu the third day en route . 
  if you have time after visiting nikko , you might want to stay a day in utsunomiya and visit the stone museum and area . 
  i was taught not to swear and have never said a single swearword in my life . 
  swearing does not come naturally to me , it 's not that i 'm purposely censuring or filtering it , it simply does n't exist as part of the vocabulary i would use . 
  i would have to make a conscious decision to swear , so it would n't make sense it it were me in such a situation . 
  i have n't sweared even when having nervous breakdowns in the past . 
  however , i guess this does depend on the character . 
  if it is a person who is purposefully filtering their language then it would make sense , or if it 's someone who swears when they are alone / when writing online / in their mind rather than out loud , etc. 
  as u/djinnequip has said , for me swearing also minimizes the impact of an important scene . 
  i feel like a writer should be able to evoke a feeling and narrate a situation without using swearwords as a description . 
  thanks , that 's a great link . 
  yeah . 
  i did n't understand the first time , but when i saw the last few episodes again it was better . 
  why do n't you write something then ? 
  geez . 
  mind the gap . 
  sorry , it 's just the voice is stuck in my head forever ... 
  i do n't use social media to communicate with friends , i use social media to communicate with strangers and people i do n't know in real life . 
  ^ this . 
  while i agree that anyone can invite anyone on a date , people of every gender should get paid equally , etc. , saying `` everyone '' and `` anyone '' really does nothing to solve the problems that exist . 
  refusing to say `` man '' and `` woman '' is n't going to change the way people think about men and women or these issues , it would simply be an obstacle in language . 
  there is nothing wrong with saying `` men '' and `` women '' or showing a difference . 
  the harm in these examples is n't in words , it 's in actions and thoughts . 
  if people actually believe that women can and should pay the bill if they invite their date , then why should saying `` woman '' matter ? 
   ideologies that promote violence [ ... ] must be silenced with force if necessary [ ... ] . 
  slightly contradictory ? 
  i did n't even know it was tonight . 
  700 usd for four days ... that 's like 19,700 yen a day . 
  that 's a bucketload of money . 
  i 've travelled very comfortably at 7000 yen a day , including accommodation . 
  willerexpress tends to have the cheapest prices . 
  of course , it depends on when you 're looking to travel . 
  making a reservation for this week or next week is obviously much more expensive than doing a reservation a month in advance . 
  it 's very late to be paying for a bus departing this week , you 'd end up paying 2000-3000 yen more . 
  travelling on weekends is also much more expensive . 
  however , there are buses at 3900 - 5400 yen departing tomorrow , you probably wo n't find cheaper prices so close to the date . 
  it is still much cheaper than the shinkansen anyway . 
  i 'd just go for it . 
  even if the prices of the bus are n't what you hoped for , 700 usd in total is still a lot of money and should n't be much of a problem . 
  try this site too : https://www.kousokubus.net/jpnbus/en#245_130092_270010_0_, 
  all of these questions were very hard to answer , since none of the options seem to be what i 'd do in that situation . 
  for what 's it 's worth , i would n't put up much of a fight . 
  being bitten and having my insides eaten seems pretty painful , living in a post-zombie attack world does n't seem very attractive so there is no reason for me to want to fight and suffer through pain simply for survival in a world i do n't like . 
  i 'd just stick with my family and when they die end myself . 
  i live in the middle of the forest . 
  i 'd have to walk for nearly an hour to the closest small supermarket , and nobody would find me if i stay home . 
  so , i 'm locking myself in . 
  the route is tsuruoka --  bus to mt.haguro --  bus to gassan 8th station --  walk up to gassan shrine and down the other side to yudonosan --  bus back to tsuruoka . 
  there is no direct connection between hagurosan and yudonosan . 
  the easiest way to get from hagurosan to yudonosan is going through gassan , as you said , though that would require going up the mountain . 
  the shrine is closed until july because it is ** very dangerous ** to climb in the snowy conditions and strong winds . 
  you can not take this route . 
  needless to say , there are no buses going to gassan until july . 
  the other option is to take the bus from tsuruoka to hagurosan , take the bus back to tsuruoka and then take a different bus to yudonosan . 
  the buses to yudonosan generally start in june . 
  it 's true there are many jr lines in which you can use your pass . 
  however , unless it 's long distance and using the shinkansen , it 's unlikely to pay off since inner city train travel is cheap , as are close daytrips . 
  people do do hiroshima + miyajima in one day . 
  it 's not recommended if you actually want to get to know the place rather than rush through , but still is * possible * . 
  however , i would n't put the train journey right in the middle of the day . 
  that 's wasting precious day hours sitting on the train , and you already have very limited time . 
  i would suggest :, 
  evening shinkansen kyoto - hiroshima ( or very early next morning ), 
  day 3 : kyoto, 
  apart from clothes and shoes , everything else i bring includes :, 
  - money belt ( and passport , money , insurance , printed plane ticket ), 
  - wallet, 
  - tablet + charger + plug converter, 
  - camera + extra memory card, 
  - espidifen ( that 's a spanish ibuprofen brand ) + a couple pads, 
  - one or two padlocks just in case, 
  - foldable day bag, 
  - toiletries ( toothbrush + paste , comb , deodorant , shaver , a few packets of shampoo just in case some hostels do n't have any ), 
  - very small pen and paper, 
  while in japan , i usually buy an umbrella if needed , as well as a * tenugui * to use as a towel . 
  later the * tenugui * doubles as a souvenir . 
  i do n't bring anything else . 
  if i 'm visiting tourist spots and sleeping in hostel dorms , it 's not the japanese people i 'm worried might steal from me , it 's the other tourists . 
  better safe than sorry . 
  also i like to have one with me so if i forget my bag somewhere , i do n't lose my passport . 
  i never said it was essential , i just said everything i take with me . 
  the start of my post goes :, 
   apart from clothes and shoes , everything else i bring includes :, 
  k 's house hostel is a very popular chain and slightly on the fancy side , so they will have body wash , shampoo and the like . 
  they likely also rent toothbrushes and towels , you can check their website : https://kshouse.jp/index_e.html, 
  it is cheap , but not strange either . 
  it might be a small towel . 
  i would prefer to live forever , even if i hate my life , if that would mean my family would n't have to live through the pain of loosing me . 
  can we really be happy about this though ?
