  but in takahashi i 'd also like to see the samurai residences , the soy museum , raiky\u016b-ji , the folk museum , sh\u014dren-ji and yakushiin . 
  maybe i could go to takahashi and stop at soja on the way back to okayama to see the couple of museums there , but i really do n't think i can fit the whole bike ride in the same day ... 
  or maybe i could split kurashiki in half ;, 
  do look into getting a jr pass , like caiobrz said . 
  - june 8 - bus tour + skytree . 
  - june 9 - maybe go to asakusa ( and see senso-ji ) in the morning , then take a boat from asakusa pier to odaiba ? 
  and robot restaurant later in the evening ? 
  do n't miss the last train back to tokorozawa , or you can stay in a capsule hotel this night . 
  - june 10 - ? 
  - june 11 - kawagoe museum + ? 
  ( going to tokyo after the museum might be a bit of a loss of time having in mind transportation time , so maybe find something to do closer to kawagoe or tokorozawa , like the sayama prefectural natural park http://www.sayamaparks.com/english/ ), 
  - june 12 - akihabara + harajuku ( you can fit shibuya into the same day you go to harajuku , since the shibuya crossing and hachiko are within walking distance ), 
  - june 13 - osaka / kyoto, 
  - june 14 - rice planting festival . 
  - june 15 - osaka / kyoto, 
  the bamboo forest in arashiyama is open 24/7 , so if you 'd like to go out hiking somewhere ( you might be interested in kibune-kurama , mount hiei or mount atago from kyoto ) , you can go to the bamboo forest when you come back . 
  that half-day bus tour in tokyo , which places does it include ? 
  sunday is a good day to visit akihabara because it 's when the road closes for traffic and in both harajuku and akihabara it 's when more people are out and about , so you 'll see the atmosphere of the place . 
  but if you 're wanting to go to akihabara for the manga / anime / electronics and to harajuku for shopping or funny crepes , then really any day is fine , and you might want to move it up to june 10 and spend an extra day in kyoto / osaka . 
  ( forget all about the jigokudani monkey park ), 
  ah ok , i though maybe i did n't make it clear enough . 
  thank you for your answer !, 
  yeah , shizutani school is 3km from the station . 
  taking a taxi is too expensive for me , so i do n't have many other options haha, 
  i wo n't be passing through the tunnel you are talking about though , there 's actually a small trail turning off from the road before the tunnel ( cars ca n't go through here so they take the longer route and turn around , coming to shizutani school from the other side ) . 
  but i will stick my thumb out in case someone passes by on the road :p, 
  also on tripadvisor :p, 
  i think there seems to be a few ups and downs that could be sorted out to make it easier and travel less . 
  for example , meiji shrine and monster cafe are right next to each other ( unless you 're talking about a different caf\u00e9 than this one ? 
  http://kawaiimonster.jp/pc/en/concept/ ) it does n't make sense that they are on different days . 
  also have in mind that the robot restaurant is open from 5-11 :30 pm , so that 's more of an evening activity . 
  i would do harajuku + shibuya ( includes meiji shrine and monster cafe ) in the same day since , again , they are right next to each other . 
  and you might have time to fit in shinjuku gyoen and robot restaurant in the same day too ( i only spent half a day in yoyogi - harajuku - shibuya , but i 'm not much of a shopper , so it depends on what you like really ) . 
  there are two pokemon stores in tokyo ( okay , three , but the other one is pretty far away ) ; one at tokyo station and the other in ikebukuro . 
  i do n't know which one you have in mind ( http://www.pocketgamer.co.uk/r/3ds/pokemon+omega+ruby+and+alpha+sapphire/feature.asp?c=64780 ) but you might want to check with the trains you 'll be taking and see if any pass through tokyo station one day and make a stop there . 
  maybe you 'd want to move asakusa to your first day with skytree instead of meiji shrine , and then ueno and akihabara together since in both cases they are only one train stop away from each other and it would be cheaper and easier to move between those two pairs . 
  if you plan to go to himeji castle especially avoid weekends , you can check which days will have most crowds on their website :, 
  if you really want to save money , think about the jr pass before getting it . 
  there are cheaper ways of travelling long distance , like buses or local trains . 
  check out willer express ' bus pass , which is only 10.000 and lasts 3 days ( do n't have to be consecutive ) from which you get three long distance buses a day to choose from . 
  and if you get one of the night buses it also saves you having to pay accommodation for a night . 
  and for the record , i spent two weeks in a capsule hotel/hostel and i found it very comfortable . 
  apparently many people do n't seem to like them much , but i found it very enjoyable and i 'm going to stay at hostels and capsules my next trip too . 
  some hotels ' websites have the measurements of the pods , so check before booking if you fit  ) . 
  you can easily find hostel dorms at around 2500-2900 yen/night with a bit of research too . 
  if you enjoy your food or like trying new cuisine while you 're travelling , then i 'm sure you 'd want to use a bit more than 2000 yen/day on meals , but that 's about the amount i used on food in tokyo ( count up to 3000 to be safe ) . 
  this amount of money gave me a bento ( lunch box ) breakfast bought in the konbini ( sometimes just an onigiri , other times i went for the whole sushi set with soba and boiled egg ) , a lunch -- usually at small cosy family restaurants -- for 600-800 yen , and a dinner also bought at the konbini ( sometimes cup noodles or some other fast food , sometimes any bento that were on sale ) . 
  i do n't drink beer so that 's not included , but i usually had a vending machine drink every day at around 130\u5186 . 
  maybe not the healthiest way to eat , but for two weeks while travelling i survived just fine . 
  alternatively you could cook your own food at the hostel . 
  so that 's 3000 ( food ) + 3000 ( sleep ) . 
  you still have 4000yen for sightseeing / transport / whatever you want to buy , etc. 
  during my trip to tokyo i had 12,000 yen/day including accommodation , and i had plenty of money to buy whatever i wanted . 
  i had 30,000 yen spare at the end of my trip !, 
  i 'm going for 7,000 yen/day including accom on my next trip . 
  i think you 'll be fine with 10,000 a day if you do n't buy anything too expensive or have a huge kaiseki meal with five extra side dishes . 
  good luck !, 
  ps : here 's my google maps i use to plan trips to honshu-japan and it includes lots of accommodation options i 've found ( all under 5000 yen , but most around 2000-3000 yen ) . 
  depending on where you 're going to it might help you find a cheap place to sleep . 
  just tick the ` \u30db\u30c6\u30eb ' layer to see them . 
  you can find the price in the description , sometimes along with a link to their website ( if not , then look below under their address to see the link ) and their name in japanese . 
  his grave is in kumamoto , but his birth place and home town are in a small town half-way between himeji and tottori . 
  the station is called , wait for it , ` miyamoto musashi ' , and you can find a museum dedicated to him , a couple of statues and a shrine he built . 
  if you like samurai , nearby is the town of ako , where the 47 ronin are from ( their graves are at sengakuji in tokyo though , since the attack was done in edo ) , and mt.shosha and engyoji temple from the movie ` the last samurai ' . 
  ganryujima at shimonoseki is where the battle between musashi and sasaki kojiro took place and the famous sekigahara battle was near nagoya ( search for \u95a2\u30b1\u539f\u753a\u6b74\u53f2\u6c11\u4fd7\u8cc7\u6599\u9928 on google maps for the location ) . 
  i 'd recommend going to uji just south of kyoto if you are interested in tea and the tea ceremony , since that is what it is famous for . 
  the last chapters of ` the tale of genji ' are located here so you can see many statues , a museum and many other things related to the novel . 
  uji bridge is also the bridge belonging to the tale of hashihime , if you 're interested in yokai / legends . 
  sado island is known for the taiko players and has a very important group called ` kodo ' . 
  they do regular performances throughout japan , so check out their timetable to see if you can see one of their shows : http://www.kodo.or.jp/news/index_en.html there 's also a drum/taiko museum in asakusa , tokyo http://www.miyamoto-unosuke.co.jp/taikokan/, 
  akihabara is a must , as you already said . 
  also look into nakano broadway in tokyo and doing an ` anime pilgrimage ' for finding locations that appear in anime series ( that 's something i really enjoyed ) . 
  for example , elfen lied is set in kamakura , tamayura in takehara , the movie ` a letter to momo ' is based off osaki-shimozima island , durarara in ikebukuro , and the list of course goes on . 
  this guy http://likeafishinwater.com/ does a weekly post on anime locations throughout japan . 
  kobe is indeed a good gateway to osaka / kyoto ( and uji that i mentioned ) , and even into southern kansai , shikoku through awaji island and chugoku region . 
  so good luck . 
  i 'd say , if you want to go to ` hidden spots ' , the stations along the shinkansen line maybe are n't the best bet ( well , it depends on how hidden you want it ) . 
  while of course they are great places , since they are more accessible they usually feature on tourist routes since many have the jr pass . 
  in kobe do n't forget to check out akashi-kaikyo bridge ( well , that 's technically akashi and not kobe ) . 
  it 's the longest suspension bridge in the world !, 
  there 's a museum right next to it about it 's construction , as well as the maiko marine promenade with a glass floor that you can walk on to see the water below . 
  and okayama prefecture is where the legend of momotaro took place and you can see many of the locations that appear in the original tale ( like kinojo castle and kibi plain and its shrines ) as well as many references to the more modern folktale in okayama city . 
  kurashiki next door has the momotaro museum . 
  along those lines , kintaro is from mount ashigara area near mt.fuji . 
  by the way , there 's a legend about susano-o and amaterasu that you may be familiar with ( and if not , then yes , those are the names of techniques that appear in naruto haha ) . 
  susano-o seemed to have a few anger management issues , and when he gotjealous of his sister 's power and popularity and destroyed amaterasu 's land , amaterasu fled and hid in a cave , taking the light from the world as she was ( is ) the sun goddess . 
  with the earth in darkness , the land soon became infested with demons and the people tried to get amaterasu to return and shed her light once again . 
  after many attempts to convince amaterasu to leave the cave , it was uzume who did so with a beautiful dance . 
  that dance is said to be a kagura and also the origin of japanese dance in general . 
  there are regular kagura shows every week in hiroshima http://www.rcchall.jp/bunkac/html/kagura/ at a really good price and it 's pretty easy to get tickets to get in . 
  and the cave amaterasu hid in is close to amano iwato shrine in miyazaki prefecture . 
  and since we 're talking about her , know that amaterasu is enshrined in atsuta jingu , nagoya . 
  takasaki is hometown of the daruma doll , zao ( around togatta onsen ) is where kokeshi come from , and aizu-wakamatsu is where you want to go if you have any interest in crafts and lacquer https://www.tsunagujapan.com/22-things-to-do-in-the-aizu-wakamatsu-area/ ( wajima town is also known for urushi ) . 
  aizu has one of my ever favourite temples sazae-do , i think it 's amazing architecture-wise . 
  20 boys also committed seppuku at mount iimori next to it after seeing their lord 's castle in flames ( turns out the fire was n't from the castle , but the loyalty is what counts i guess ) . 
  following with miyamoto musashi , you may find reigando cave interesting https://www.tofugu.com/travel/reigando-cave/, 
  i honestly could n't care less about food , so someone else should help you with that :p kasukabe , home of shin chan and next to tokyo , has some cool purple udon ( \u304b\u3059\u304b\u3079 \u85e4\u3046\u3069\u3093 ) though . 
  you asked for specific places to go to ( i think i 've given you a few ideas ) , but i think it depends a lot on every person . 
  my ` favourites ' list starts off with hiroshima and continues through beppu , narita , aomori and niigata in the top 5 . 
  but this varies a lot on every person .
