  sad to austria !, 
  so happy that putin never misses it, 
  russia will be more peaceful and ready to cooperate turkey , on the contrary , more agressive . 
  erdogan 's position will continue to fall usa - many words , little deals . 
  eu - in transition to something new, 
  [ novy novy novy god !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cpv6md2ofyu ) s novym godom to all europeans , especially for those , whose it is the main winter holiday, 
  okay but returning is not a solve of this problem , is n't it ? 
   very unpopular like the opposition , 
  did i say something different ? 
  maybe my poor language, 
  what 's your point ? 
  what do you disagree with ? 
   but how realistic is crimea being returned to russia edit : ukraine ? 
  close to non-existent , i 'd say . 
  you underestimate stupidity of our opposition forces . 
  if they somehow will come to power , crimea will be returned . 
  and i do n't want to know how, 
  okay , maybe . 
  i call every press staff `` journalists '', 
  yeah , i meant russian, 
  federal customs service site . 
  they need more professional journalist - text is awful . 
  some book from one defector - not a valid source . 
  and there are no reasons to trust him . 
  this quote was already known as a quote from napoleon iii, 
   is he in jail ? 
  his brother , he 've never been  was it all fabricated ? 
  who knows ? 
   what happened with navalny by the way ? 
  trying to become new president, 
  same as navalny, 
  his style of speech was parodied by shostakovich in his anti-formalist rayok . 
   its not who votes that counts , its who counts the votes . 
  fake quote , like all `` stalin 's quotes '' . 
  his real quotes were pretty boring . 
  is it already done ? 
  do n't know full algorithm, 
  but maybe now , when they know what would happen without their vote , they would come, 
  sad that not of r/germany, 
  always thought that bulgarian is the russian with the stress in the first syllable ( \u0447\u0435\u0440\u0442\u043e\u0447\u043a\u0430 \u0438 \u0431\u0443\u043a\u043e\u0432\u043a\u0430 \u0441 ), 
  the idea of communism is awful . 
  any left-wing ideas completely unsuitable to the russian mind . 
  it is the worse place where they could start this experiment . 
  ussr as a country was complicated . 
  i can only say that it is a part of history i am not ashamed of . 
  i think some people can be positive , but still do n't want to be a part of . 
  i can say that i in russia very rarely meets somebody prorussian ( who shows it ) . 
  with our 88 % supportance . 
  just because i 'm living in spb and talk with people of the same interests . 
  but anyway your 53 % seems stupid . 
  some reforms @ war with turkey @ some expansions @ war with turkey @ some reforms @ war with smb else @ war with turkey @ some reforms @ war with turkey @ ... 
  most of the video tells `` russian version '' of russian history . 
  as i read in west books , your looks of that are different . 
  and for western people it can be sound as propaganda, 
  west part celebrates 25th , most part 7th ( in reality nobody here except very religious people does n't celebrate christmas on 7th and celebrates new year ) . 
  as i understand it, 
  ukraine on the first 15 seconds . 
  should be a anti-russian propaganda . 
  because to post series like that is stupid , who is interested , would find by himself . 
  belarus should be green or neutral, 
  i 'm telling only for myself . 
  `` our contry '' - my and my countrymates, 
  it makes sense . 
  just to look how much attention was devoted to bringing up patriotism - completely does n't look like a left-wing heaven . 
  great or not , this is our country . 
  ukraine is not great too , but you still prefer to wear this flag, 
  i meant state , ok . anyway we officially are `` the continuator state of the ussr '', 
  not a fan of soviet government , they can blame only yourself . 
  but the day when your country was destroyed by a few marginals , can only be sad ( not for a europe of course ), 
  we do n't celebrate christmas , we celebrate new year, 
  relax - i found this opinion in comments on almost all my russian sources of news . 
  and in some of them it was upvoted, 
  moreover it is map from russian source . 
  how can all these people imagine that we invested so many resources and reputation in this and even not mark it on the map . 
  [ who is this guy ? 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/user/the-realdonaldtrump ), 
  everyone knows but nobody do anything, 
  of course europeans do n't rape and kill anyone . 
  never . 
   could not have happened wtf man ? 
  are you serious ? 
  you are just a hater , and all world you look at this view . 
  if all russians died , all world would be better , without wars and any other bad things . 
  do n't post quotes without a source , please . 
  and do n't judge people who you ca n't understand, 
  in our barbaric society people still consider themselves part of the country . 
  how non-progressive !, 
  of course , greate latvian army , at first win vs ussr , at second vs germany , at last conquer the world . 
  do n't you find it funny yourself ? 
  no matter for the reasons - if you were fighting against soviets , you were fighting for the nazies . 
  i repeat - i do n't think that your should make excuses . 
  in your tradion soviets are worser than nazies , okay . 
  but in our it is completely different and we ca n't understand your position in any way . 
  i do n't understand why you should do it . 
  in your tradition commies are worser than nazies , so is it true or not , does n't matter . 
  our tradition is different and when common russian looks at your marches , he feels aggression, 
  it does n't mean that nato are nazis , it means that last time who began with it , finally attacked us . 
  baltics are nazis cos you glorify nazies , it is different . 
  maybe you do n't find it strange , but for many russians it sounds as if you eat children .
