  to legitimization of what ? 
  did you read it ? 
  at least in comments here  no one will help them and no one wants to help them . 
  i doubt that causal relationships works well in your head . 
   there are plenty of stories out there from victims of domestic violence who got flat-out ignored or threatened by the police . 
  it is right and it due to the distrust to the police when people distrust the police , they get used to solve their problems without it . 
  and then they do n't call the police in case of domestic violence . 
  but it is not the only factor . 
  the main is that they are so poor that often they do n't have a choice . 
  not like all evil russian policeies does n't help people . 
  and that is not because laws do n't forbid it ( they still forbid repeatable violence ) , that is because the victims does n't contact the police . 
  how they would live without a worker husband ? 
  do n't forget that criminal penalty can completely broke your life . 
  and the boundaries of this `` assault and battery '' are very blurred . 
  repeatble actions are still forbidden . 
  just removing the holes in legislation . 
  de facto it will change nothing, 
  i do n't know anybody who can mistake in it, 
  the day of the complete liberation of leningrad from the nazi blockade ( 1944 ), 
  yeah bad gyus and good gyus . 
   the eu does not have political bias . 
  really ? 
  the fully idea of eu is left to the core, 
  local news, 
  both are leftists shit . 
  he does n't recognize russian claim to crimea , if you asking about that, 
  yeah , wwii ... ... . 
  yeah , i forgot about it . 
  and photoes from yakutsk , so better to delete it . 
  it is hard to imagine common open conflict with these three countries . 
  eirther nuiclear war or cold war, 
  i think 0 $, 
  expected less number for france, 
  why ? 
  never heard about norway wars, 
  who was trying ? 
  none of european politics did n't do any significiant help to us . 
  only harm , supporting different freaks and thievs . 
  maybe some humanitarian help to poor , but it was also terrible as hell . 
  i do n't find it cynical or heartless . 
  why should you care about our low wages and our governent fails . 
  any foreign intervention in the internal affairs of non-unite country should be unacceptable . 
  i hope that europe will respect that rule . 
  maybe not enough , but crimea is not our only subsidized region , we 've plenty of them, 
  there are many russians , so somebody can, 
  in russian too, 
  the crisis get started before ukraine occasions, 
  there were much less misery when su helped them . 
  the punishment by whom ? 
  there is an easy way to end all wars on planet - to kill all people, 
  again ? 
  if brussels agree with them , maybe they have a reason ? 
  it ca n't be so smooth as you described, 
  thanks for sharing this interesting document !, 
  of course i wo n't read it, 
  thats why he will lose, 
  you even ca n't understand what we talking about . 
  so do n't teach me, 
  but it is stupid when everywhere writes this shit only about soviet army and it is always based on something like `` cia agent said '' , do n't you find ? 
  you want to like russia , but also you want to live in beutiful caramel world , where something is right only because good gyus said that . 
  it is hard to defend against xenophobic slogans , yes, 
  i 'm not denying it . 
  i 'm denying some unhistorical gossips , like in this article ` soviet soldiers attacking polish girls ' . 
  i like the source . 
  some cia agent says . 
  just like all other `` soviets were murderers and rapits '' evidences, 
  yeah but that was memorable, 
  not too much to be honest . 
  not a single person/incident comes to mind . 
  only defeat by them in football, 
  and share some siberian territories ( before than it would be annexed by china ), 
  it does n't sound in english, 
  are you serious ? 
  she is very popular, 
  i agree with your position on israel and usa , but in your discription it still does n't look like following the international laws, 
  people ofted do n't know what they want . 
  europe civilization is rich , mainstream , it is everywhere and it is fashionably . 
  it is easy to make themselves astray, 
  it sounds sweet but have nothing with reality . 
  in their case even more than in our, 
  you are right almost in all , but  the three ( ish ) large cities and the rest are different worlds it is not true maybe to divide moscow/other cities , would be more correct . 
  and what will be interesting ? 
  what can russia do with usa ? 
  we will bomb them with nukes ? 
  would be another `` diplomatic war '' where only victim is russian people, 
  i think you highly overestimate this will, 
  and why usa is interested in it ? 
  europe 's foreign policy is fully under amreican control , europe is a good trader and with its big taxes it does n't luring businesses, 
  i think the protests like that cause opposite effect, 
  serbia . 
  germany, 
  it does n't look like they had a choice, 
  it is far from putin, 
  only here it is assumed to think that putin rules everything in russia, 
  our snow now is melting too, 
   it 's also about the fact that our values are simply better than the us . 
  oh , so neo-marxist . 
  congratulations , chechnya !, 
  he is completely not an idiot - freak , but very well educated, 
   and everyone thinks putin follows it because he did one thing from it .
