  it is so strange that i ca n't understand it . 
  nobody here thinks in that way . 
  press loves stories like that , so many people will see the slogan . 
  and they also had the reasons . 
  just histrorical process , all that happens in russia now is very logically, 
  maybe they think that it should be -137, 
   in st petersburg , some of the year the sun never sets fully below the horizon in murmansk this effect is much more intense, 
  if you ask about the writers that russians themselves consider as `` great '' , it is gorki and many other was n't mentioned . 
  maybe it is just our tradition , to call this way every our famous writer, 
  soviet version was written more talented, 
  for germans, 
   in russia they do n't drink beer but kvass instead . 
  no , it 's wrong ) kvas is not alcohol , so it ca n't replace beer, 
  i think you overestimate the influence of this ideas . 
  it is something that intended for the initial masses , to hide simple things by loud words, 
  maybe you are right in most statements , but i still ca n't agree with dostoevsky - at least he influenced the concept of modernism . 
  but come on - `` influential writers '' it is just a stable expression, 
  i find this described marxist world very decadent, 
  i suppose his message was only for expressing dissatisfaction of this meaning, 
  i found my information [ here ] ( http://www.avtovzglyad.ru/avto/avtoprom/2017-01-15-hyundai-solaris-stal-samym-prodavaemym-avtomobilem-v-rossii/ ), 
  you sound like a putinbot now on ukrainian standarts . 
  the fact that you are upvoted tells that nobody here is interested in situation . 
  becuase the same comment from russian would be highly downvoted, 
  where is your pride , polsha, 
  it is the first time in history when it happened btw . 
  even renault logan ( that was literally everywhere ) did n't up to 1st place, 
  oh , so we can also say it about baltics ? 
  i suppose they would n't understand, 
  escaped from trump ? 
  maybe in poland , because they consider themselves as europeans and `` to be a good pole '' can be replaced with `` to be a good european '' . 
  but in russia no way . 
  maybe forcibly , in some ugly form , for a little time, 
  russia is highly dependent of its oligarchs , and the question is do they interest in it or not, 
  and should choose pro-european , liberal government . 
  and should support the separation of chechnya . 
  and should share the wealth of siberia with our west friends, 
  do you feel good when people here upvote comments like this ? 
  most powerful ? 
  what kind of power ? 
  heidegger was in nsdap, 
  he is `` putinist '' , like almost all of our representatives of mainstream culture . 
  they are based on the mass audience so i find it normal . 
  it is very easy to praise putin , when you are rich, 
   communist poland poland , not ussr, 
   just count out the communist dark ages and you 're fine . 
  :d you are ignorant in this, 
  in last 25 years many of famous russians works abroad and have foreign citizenship, 
  to use electric cars only for destroying your political rival ? 
  they buy cheap petrol here, 
  how can you imagine it ? 
   protectionism + heavy government intervention in the economy since when these are right-wing ideas ? 
  it is description of ussr, 
   it does and i am far from defending it . 
  why ? 
  i think that it should be officially allowed , but blamed in social propaganda . 
  like light drugs, 
  you personally maybe not , but most of the comments on this subreddit , when tu-154 was crashed , was that it is not a tragedy and they deserves it . 
  so if we recognize american actions as a crime ( i personally do n't do it , btw ) , their soldiers should be punished too, 
   sure , jail american soldiers . 
  holy shit , you are delusional . 
  your opinion that massive death of russian soldiers in not a tragedy is different ? 
  ca n't understand the message . 
  why toilets should be changed ? 
  what 's wrong with current ones ? 
  sad that almost nobody talking about it there . 
  even in opposition media, 
  german nationalism looks dead , so nobody is interested in it, 
  the idolizing of the soviet union and communism is based on fact that it is our histrory , our past and sometimes present . 
  we ca n't , like other , just say `` we were occupied ! '', 
  and throw all responsibility . 
  62 % upvoted 62 % upvoted, 
   all of which has been proven to be faked so ukrainians do n't kill innocent people ? 
  interesting proofs, 
  i can understand them , ukrainians , who are blamed for it , were officially justified, 
  it looks boring as hell, 
  why are you so enthusiastic about it ? 
  we have already visa-free regime , but i 've never thought about travel there lol, 
   all positive statements can also be rewritten as negative ones . 
  you know nothing about it, 
   they excuse murderers , thieves and mass rapists over their victory . 
  maybe because most of them has n't any historical proof ? 
  mannerheim ca n't be our hero anyway https://pp.vk.me/c638926/v638926740/18322/kxoydjsvl_8.jpg it is absolutely unacceptable to think in that way, 
  very informative, 
  `` brother '' ? 
  it was n't made by ukrainian , for sure . 
  like all maps without statistic facts, 
  this is the strongest argument i 've ever seen, 
  russians do n't hate romanians . 
  dislike , like all other european post-warsaw states , yes , but do n't hate . 
  we hate poles , cos it is a long story . 
  all we know about romania is ceausescu , so we have n't reason to hate . 
  all our romanian-jokes are gypsie-jokes ( and even they are rare ), 
  strange that even in russia most of people call you gypsies , but in our language \u0440\u0443\u043c\u044b\u043d\u044b and \u0446\u044b\u0433\u0430\u043d\u0435 are completely different words . 
  we do n't have analogue to the word `` romani '' ( with the same root ), 
  ~ ~ do you really need ? ~ ~ fuck , you are slovenian, 
  what is the question ? 
  almost all classic movies are european ... ca n't choose one or several, 
  literally the same here . 
  any incident where the victim is not mother teresa is `` complicated case '', 
  when this region was controlled by russian empire , how many russians lived there ?
