  what are you talking about , ukraine do n't fight for crimea . 
  crimea is calm now ( fortunately ) . 
  yeah , how they should live in a non-bankrupt country ... i really do n't know, 
   what you did for those people living in there , was the bringing of destruction , death , instability and war . 
  did n't you mixed up us with other slavic country ? 
  we speak in similar languages , it was n't hard, 
  it 's wrong , we did a lot for people living there . 
  more than everybody else, 
  it is not a poll results , so, 
  okay , so that is kind of philosophy that everybody should do something critical . 
  sorry , i 'm not interested in it, 
  his left ideas are foreign to me , but he is really great writer, 
  still actual, 
  but you of course know enough to make such statements, 
  tatars are completely civilized people and they are respected here . 
  i did n't ever hear any xenophobia to them , even in internet, 
  you meant that you just a retard . 
  all that you meant . 
  i hinted at another trusted german politician, 
  i 'm a little jealous that you are able to read him in original . 
  him and heidegger, 
  did you guys read him ? 
  not kind of ideas that are in demand here, 
  i suppose it is other marcinkiewicz ) ), 
  i llike more his concept of russian dasein, 
  why ca n't we blame both ? 
   lol , us saved your hungry ass in 1990th . 
  laughing out loud, 
  to participants of the student battalion in wwii, 
  to be critical and to do actual protests are different things . 
  other media are not controlled by the government . 
  russian youtube sector is pretty big and the content is very different . 
  from entertainment to philosophy . 
  how many so engaged people watch tv ? 
  yeah all other are much different, 
  syria is the only example . 
  and there are not so many our troops there . 
  military production should be rise also because it is something that we can do good and so sell it to others, 
  just look at the map and think how many troops is needed for the maintaining all this multinational territory stable . 
  when your west friends always openly support all kind of subversive activities in the world . 
  because it is latvia , with big russian minority . 
  but latvia and other post-warsaw countries does n't want any russian in their countries ( for both rational and irrational reasons ) . 
  mainly because russia is poor , compare to germany or to france and our methods of helping our friends are very archaic ( we just give somebody money ) . 
  countries , for which this is ( or was ) enough ( ukraine , belarus , kazakhstan ) still use russian language as the main language . 
  so the problem is not with some cultural things , the problem is that russia is n't attractive economic partner and is n't the most attractive place for investment , work , education . 
  i do n't see any problem , russian language is just more spread that it deserves to be . 
  the things are becoming normal, 
   the question of course arsises why does the nation have this need to remain a military superpower ? 
  you guys live in some different world, 
  it is the fact that he participated in russian marches . 
  how many redditors [ find it ok ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dq8g8bpabhy ) ? 
  it is 2nd in trending because it was posted everywhere , including opposition publics, 
  wtf , how is it tied ? 
  you can say it to all non-english languages . 
  you wo n't watch tv on language that you do n't know and do n't need . 
  our culture , that can be interest somebody , is mostly underground, 
  my argument is that nobody do it because of culture , it is not simple thing . 
  i guess that  95 % of people who started to learn russian because of dostoevsky , dropped it after . 
  what can we say about modern authors, 
  how many people started to learn latvian lanuguage because of interesting in latvian culture ? 
  is n't the_donald kind of satire itself ? 
  forums are dying now . 
  yes , expected it . 
  baltics people are the only from post-soviet republics that compeltely not represented in our internet society . 
  how many young baltics understand russian language ( at least on basic level ) ? 
  if you will hear russian song , will you understand anything ? 
  lol what do you expect in 40 years . 
  it is very little time for such global processes, 
  nah , all understand that this message directed to their own population . 
  0 % informative, 
  the problem is not only with this data , but with the solutions of this problem that are proposed . 
  it is n't clear situation and the questions and doubts about it are absolutely normal, 
  fuck global politicial protests . 
  there is legalized way of changing the government . 
  protests should be against government actions , that hurts you or your group , not against the government itself . 
   nevermind that a climate change denying lunatic in the same way as claiming that it is absolutely truth at the level of round earth, 
  one thing is critisizing , other - to pretend that all other do n't exist , they have n't any rational basis , only scum can follow them . 
  there are many smart , educated people who voted for brexit , for trump and they look at this situation for different angle . 
  but here it is looked that such people do n't exist if this situation looks ok for you , i ca n't understand why do you call putin or erdogan as dictators . 
  they just use all their resourses to promote their politics and then became democratically eletcted, 
  should be for all time . 
  wonder who would be first, 
  aldous huxley was wright . 
  this `` harmless '' informational noise do its job . 
  sooner or later people wo n't see anyone who can somehow disagree with your , only look at these nice pics, 
  this post is literally the politicial propaganda and can only spread hate to people who voted diffrently from the majority here . 
  piketty raises important problems but his methods are radikal and strange , solving one problems with it he will create many others, 
  not only in poland - in all eastern europe . 
  in russia snow in april is normal though, 
  i like these buildings even now . 
  my home town is full of them . 
  it 's something exciting me in fact that all of them looks the same , but when you lived somewhere for a long time , each building becomes individual because it associated not with appearance , but with people who live in it, 
  it 's funny how they resemble each other . 
  i ca n't find any difference betwenn this and house , where i lived, 
  bad expirience with tourists ? 
  some of them really do not know how to behave , that 's true, 
  compare to ukraine everything looks good , but compare to all others the salaries of course are very low . 
  about education - school education is still pretty good ( i studied in a provincial school , i think that i got very decent basic education ) , because most of the teachers are from soviet era ( when it was much more prestigious ) . 
  universities are different story , all of them are very corrupt . 
  the number of universities who is engaged in real science about 30-40 in a whole country ( outside moscow and spb around 10 ) .
