  in any other case you will destroyed . 
  why is he jailed ? 
  is n't it violation of an individual 's rights ? 
  i disagree that gold belongs to people ( it belongs to government that sponored the museums , of course ) but how can it be good for people ? 
  one of them said that our nation has an extra chromosome \u00af \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af, 
  okay but i meant not his words and actions but his personality, 
  compare to the many other our ministers , he is very intelligent and likable, 
  competent opinion from the nobel laureate ( lul ), 
  not surprised that it is the only fact that you know about hitler, 
  and what hitler did with this resistance ? 
  gave them awards ? 
   if you think hitler was justified justified by whom ? 
  usa , ussr and some part of europe ? 
  of course not , but how it does matter here, 
  you can support annexation or not , but when it 's done , the protest against it is separatism, 
  of course , should somehow to find an occasion for the articles, 
   because russia does n't a good relationship with protecting non russian minorities it means absolutely nothing . 
  without this minorities the reaction could be the same, 
  and now everyone will pretend that somebody cares . 
  i bet that most did n't know about their existence before 2014, 
  i like how you divide countries on normal and others . 
  nice description of the georgia conflict, 
  \u0414\u0435\u0434 \u041c\u043e\u0440\u043e\u0437 for new year , not christmas . 
  because of this report ? 
  you are very smart, 
  who is paying for that ? 
  croatians by taxes ? 
  great video , but those propaganda insertions ... 
  ofcourse - if you are oppose to the free social preferences to the minorities - you are against them . 
  and a far-right fascist , misogynist , racist . 
   and then you act surprised why women and minorities strongly vote against them , sheesh . 
  i 'm not surprised . 
  no one should vote against against those who feeds you . 
  the system is wrong , not people, 
  maybe when you choose the government of your country , where you will live , you should n't do this only for to spite someone ? 
  i can say that it is normal to fight with feminism in modern sense when all women always vote for the lefts no matter who they are, 
  maybe he was just a fighter for a freedom, 
   charlie hebdo and pussy riot are radical atheists charlie hebdo are ( are they ? 
  they are , like all radikal lefts , but in reality they only care about putin and everything associated with him . 
   i sincerely hope we 'll resolve these divides one day sometimes when russia will be comletely poor and desintegrated, 
  oh i remember the arguments that trump-situation was completely different from brexit , and the chances were much lower, 
   religious-critical groups strange defenition, 
  how is it possible to think that such outrageous persons as trump and le pen can ever become presidents, 
  good . 
  all that i knew about macedonia before that it is not macedonia, 
   essential to protecting human rights ? 
  yes . 
  i think it is not correct question . 
  human rights and democracy both are parts of modern western world . 
  for western countries it is self-evident . 
  other just do n't operate with such terms, 
  are they really `` far-right '' ? 
  ethnic cleanings or not - should n't be your buisness . 
  who chose the judges ? 
  `` belyi '' means white in russian, 
  oh i lived most of my life in a 200m of coast of white sea . 
  here is only bay, 
  it shows that we still have decent education , it is right `` economic quality '' even overvalued , i think with `` governance '' , `` buisness enivronment '' , `` health '' i agree `` safety '' ? 
  do n't know , i 've never felt myself unprotected in russia , although i lived in different places . 
  but maybe your standarts of safety are different . 
  `` social capital '' `` natural environment '' - do n't completely understand what does it mean but `` personal freedom '' looks really , really strange . 
  our gdp is quite low too . 
  but maybe you are right, 
  salaries are 2/3 of moscow 's , in other ways it is the same or maybe even better - not as dense traffic , lower prices ... oh , much harder to find a good concert : / maybe muscovites will add some else, 
  do n't understand the question , sry . 
  `` qol wise '' - what does it mean ? 
  quality of life ? 
  141 of personal freedom ? 
  it is not ok here , but 141 ? 
  seriously ? 
  we can easy criticize the government in our internet , even in very tough form , and almont nobody punishing for that . 
  we can leave the country if we want . 
  even different minorities can almost easy live here , moving to the one of `` two capitals '' . 
  yes , there are a lot of problems too , but 141 ? 
  what 's so wrong with natural enviroment in israel ? 
  democracy will due to disintegration and growth of separatism, 
  what will happen without taking ? 
  we will again push there pro-russian president ? 
  western ukrainians were always anti-russian . 
  somehow we need to live in this world , right ? 
  ( however , your do n't think so , i know ), 
  was hard to predict it in 1917, 
  he is not estonian ), 
  we do n't worry about invasion in russia , but worry about lost of spheres of influence . 
  liberal progressive open-minded europeans ca n't identify the propaganda themselves ? 
  russia was always ruled by the `` dictators '' . 
  it ca n't / should n't be changed only for `` respect '' your values . 
  sometimes , people 's ca n't `` respect '' it without destroying their own government . 
  funny , we have potatoes-meme about belarusians , nobody jokes in that way about latvians . 
  moreover , i 'm sure that a half of other 20 % also supports most of the government decisions ( but they prefer communists party , f.e. ), 
  maybe you should sometimes leave moscow and look at the russia, 
   but you have already agreed , that russia is hospitable only to a specific group of people - heterosexual cisgenders it is not specific here , it is common . 
  and everywhere else , i guess  by your own definition , a place who is only hospitable to some specific group of people , could not be called hospitable . 
  not . 
  in my difinition we just ca n't say `` hospitable '' to some group of people . 
  sometimes we can , but it happens when there is no difference , what word to use . 
  10 % of people ? 
  are you a turk ? 
  protected by whom , interestingly, 
  euronews , no ?
