  not `` west ukrainians '' but they are still called ukrainans ( at least here ) . 
  pointless ? 
  to protect themselves is not pointless  which has cost thousands of ukrainian lives . 
  it was ukrainian choice , to start this war, 
  he had georgian ancesters, 
  nobody doubts , so, 
  you 've already do it, 
   both of these were genocidal repressive totalitarian states . 
  okay but it is still better than state without any working political institution ? 
   but you can be - national identity is not founded in an instant . 
  and with current government , which even ca n't protect russians from caucasians , nothing would changed . 
  of course , average russian thinks that europeans are poor and hungry . 
  tell me more, 
  russians are not a nation . 
  we missed this stage , thanks to commies . 
  every russian living alone . 
  if russians are on mass protests , things are really really bad . 
  and will be even worse , for sure  the russian federation , at least the government , right now is a fucking mess , a disgusting neo-imperialist oligarch-infested mess . 
  and how is it better than su or re ? 
   but do n't talk to me about dogma when you spout terms like `` cultural marxism '' just a generalization  but i ca n't see why you would n't try to take some wisdom from it . 
  who would it try ? 
  russia is a broken country . 
  all that here somehow works either from the private sector or remains from ussr . 
  russia is a country without a nation ( thanks to commies ) , so nobody is insteresed in it . 
  maybe because we are not little romania and we ca n't afford to mass protests ? 
  it never ended well in the past, 
  russians who is starting to learn english can say it to the western news ( in lesser degree , but ) . 
  you are just used to nonsense and lie of your media and do n't find it strange . 
  26 points r/europe , please, 
  maybe i should change my flair to talk about smth ? 
  ofc compare to russia anything looks rational, 
   so , taxes and the state - which represents the people - looking out for the people . 
  i do n't understand what does it mean `` for the people '' , sorry . 
  looks like dogma  and yet they have high taxes and a well functioning social safety net . 
  and what i mentioned before - high levels of social trust - helps them to build it without falling economy . 
  but i 'm sure that it is just postponed  that 's not a factual statement . 
  of course it is not and it does n't pretend to, 
  it is not because of your taxes or `` welfare system '' or different cultural marxist ideas . 
  it is because of homogeneous population , high levels of social trust , social participation and cohesion , culture of individual responsibility and a strong work ethic . 
  you current system is just the cancer , that can somewhen destroy all that was built before, 
  i 'm not argue with that . 
  i just do n't understand where did i mentioned russia, 
  due to unseco , we had 3rd educational system in the world  complete opposite of critical thinking . 
   scandinavian countries also see what the taxes are used for . 
  dogmatic  yet it 's russia that effectively takes 50 % of your salary ... did i say anything about russia ? 
  your taxes are inhuman . 
  it ca n't be considered as normal ( to me ), 
  20k is not bad for poor provinces , many somehow live on the 10-15k  how much are apartments where you live ? 
  many old people had free apartment , that su gave to them . 
  and after their death , their ancestors inherit them, 
  specific propaganda, 
  i do n't undestand how we can call scandinavians critically-thinking due to their strange irrational societies . 
  their temporary success based on the other things , i suppose  it 's no coincidence countries with shit education are also the ones most susceptible to dictatorships and kleptocracies . 
  su had one of the best educational system , how did it help ? 
  i do n't think that you can somehow educate people to prevent this . 
  my country had cult of education and it did n't help, 
  education has nothing with this, 
  and why russia is special here ? 
  for spb this opinion looks strange, 
  to switzerland ? 
  it should be a great campaign, 
   russian-separatists forces triggered, 
  so sad for us, 
  i always feel awkward when i see posts like this . 
  how does it work here ? 
  what 's wrong with fillion ? 
  it does n't look like his relationship with putin will influence his politics, 
  i 'm disagree . 
  most `` common russians '' that i 've talked about politics , know something about poland ( much more than about hungary or romania f.e. ), 
  and have strong negative relation to poles . 
  i 've never met anybody who consideres poles as `` brothers '', 
  `` russian troops '' ? 
  even if you are absoultely sure about it , is it correct to write this in the title ? 
   honestly quite depressing to see someone so brainwashed that they ca n't see people from the other side as actual human beings . 
  hmm looks like the description of r/europe, 
  kill some donetsk ' civiliains, 
  because the article is highly biased and changes nothing ? 
  what a terrible hypocrasy . 
  your never thought about it before, 
  their beautiful cinema . 
  it touches me even more than russian/soviet . 
  stanis\u0142aw lem is the best science fiction writer ever . 
  poles have very specific sense of humour . 
  poles are always crying about smth . 
  poles do n't like us , but we are not so different , as they think . 
  i do n't think that this statue has something with this uprising . 
  how is it vital ? 
  what 's our benifits from this ? 
  it will be not `` win '' , if crimea will still our, 
  the main reason was to push the boundaries from leningrad and we succeded with it . 
  but the price for it was much higher than we expected, 
  it will happen sooner or later , independently of ukraine 's actions , but i ca n't understand how the result of all this can be considered as `` win '', 
  there is the question when you try to sign it . 
  if you are not a brit , you ca n't vote, 
  leftists will be angry, 
  80s reminds me old soviet photos which are beautiful , imo . 
  maybe to poles it is bad memorie , i can understand , but modern version of warsaw from this foreshortening looks more boring, 
  maybe just to quartered them ? 
  why not the crime must comply with the punishment . 
  i do n't understand what you try to talking to me , and how your facts correlated with your conclusions  this new law is equal to a legitimization .
