  what will be changed in 2024 ? 
  putin will recommend somebody and people will vote for his choice . 
  there are no reasons to think that navalny can came to power . 
  none of our elites would benefit from this, 
  kind of . 
  and he also attends russian marches, 
  i suppose so , because what we have now is not serious . 
  look , at least , at the programms of `` clown parties '' kprf and ldpr , even they looks much more complicated and specific, 
  we do n't really know who is navalny . 
  his programm looks very populistic , for all good , against all bad, 
  he stands for tax cuts and buisness supporting, 
  navalny is pretty right wing, 
  i can say that most russians do n't think about it . 
  you are so fucking rich for us , that it seems like you can do everything , even to pass a law that everyone should walk on arms , the rich have their quirks . 
  i asked my parents and thier friend what they think about some eu taxes , they answered me `` okay , if i would earn as much as they , i would n't complain about taxes '' . 
  european live is idealized here even among those who dislike it . 
  different liberal progressive ideas meets with hostility . 
  franco and mussolini were less authoritarian than putin ? 
  putin is fighting against nationalism though . 
  i do n't think it is so distant that you described . 
  the europeans simply forgot that not long ago they also had authoritarian regimes , that 's why russia looks so strange . 
  is it ok to post extremist propaganda here ? 
  vtsiom is big but not really independent . 
  so , despite what irimiash said , i 'd take their reports with a grain of salt ( however , not as an outright lie , but somehow skewed maybe ) . 
  i think thier dependence is n't manifested in lies , but in questions that they ask . 
  anyway i do n't remember major scandals with them, 
  i do n't know but it is the biggest russian polling institution , so i think that most of the time we can trust them . 
  they have some reputation and would n't spread total bullshit, 
  gt : russians sympathize with the nationalist marin le pen in the second round of the presidential elections in france . 
  about this show the results of a telephone survey of vtsiom . 
  61 percent of respondents preferred le pen 's victory , while only 8 percent expressed support for her rival emmanuel macron . 
  at the same time , about 71 percent of russians heard something about le pen , while about macron - 50 percent . 
  russians consider elections in france to be important for russia , 57 % of respondents hold such points of view ( the sum of the answers is `` very important '' and `` quite important '' ) . 
  every tenth russian closely watches their election , from time to time - another 45 percent . 
  is n't ukriane do all for this `` stereotypes '' ? 
  how does it matter , `` fascist '' they or not , if they treat their own people like that . 
  it 's like you guys will take offense at russia for the occupation of moldova and start to bomb moldovian people . 
  maybe russia would n't be right in this case , but for russian soldier the situation would be clear from a moral point of view, 
  sobaka ( dog ), 
  sub-headings should be more clear, 
   a european arrest warrant was issued a few weeks ago for the suspect , who supposedly fought on the ukrainian side against the pro-moscow separatists , the spokesman said . 
  so he was just an ukrainian patriot . 
  for what do they judge him ? 
  their and only their, 
  so , ukrainians scenario would be fortunately , i understood right ? 
  okay ? 
  another fairytale , he will lose nothing, 
  they look much better than other similar organizations, 
  facepalm, 
  35 is too crazy , i 'd prefer blocked city, 
  and love gays, 
  these protests have nothing with it . 
  i can say that western media pay too much attention to all russian protests , considering how few in number of people they are, 
  he is judged not only for this video , but for all his content and for drug possession . 
  the story with this video is popularized by media, 
  i do n't like this rhetoric , `` goes to people '' . 
  nothing would be good if some socialist party would came to power and nationalize this enterprises . 
  the problems of russia are in a different . 
  to associate democracy only with prospeous western countries is a mistake too, 
  the most benefit that germany has from eu is because euro as a currency is too cheap for its giant economy . 
  you guys do n't use euro , so i do n't think that germany would lose much with your out . 
  other question that it can starts chain reaction, 
  these arguments can only say that you are not north korea, 
  more like a journalist . 
  public figure, 
  is he significiant or not , fact that he is n't a politcian in russia , he do n't decide anything in russia, 
  it exist but it out of poltics, 
  obviously has n't . 
  he is as far from russian politics as we all here, 
  local news , should be removed, 
  what about georgian ? 
  it is already allowed, 
  are find ok that all these countries join nato ? 
  is it how the world should be ? 
  i really do n't understand this, 
  i 've never bought montenegro wine , is it good ? 
  maybe last chance, 
  then you spread some shit here and try to rewrite history because of personal delusions, 
  who is third ? 
  `` far left '' scandinavia, 
  [ nobody doubts ] ( https://pp.userapi.com/c626328/v626328118/58876/mduqy-lyits.jpg ), 
  how often we discuss here advatages of possible le pen presidency ? 
  it is n't butthurt , it is just how it is . 
  to mix soviet architecture with this ranibow - what kind of taste should be to find it ok, 
  ugly . 
  just destroy it , if it disturbs you . 
  stop mocking at the great monument, 
  the most beautiful name of country . 
  our empires were friendly . 
  overrated music . 
  why not north korea ? 
  also a big threat to all of us, 
  what is going on in italy ? 
  maybe they are at war ? 
  otherwise i ca n't understand how is it harder to do buisness there , than in russia . 
  elits are people who is satisfied with the current situation ( otherwise they would n't be elite ) and do n't want to change it for better, 
  projected 20 % is n't close, 
  it was n't bad , it was just worse than in the west . 
  as i know , we have much more social services . 
  but anyway , considering how many people live there , they are far ahead,
