  i am proud of soviet past and not going to abandon it . 
  poles can hate me, 
  lol maybe he should start from 16-17th centuries ? 
  there were great polish-russian wars, 
  some of suicides becouse of lack of medication that relieves pain for oncopatients . 
  it is famous problem, 
  like your ancestors with hitler ? 
  he does n't deny it, 
  he is not just a `` man '' , he is popular video blogger, 
   after the crimean events though , they thought their neighbors would suddenly hate them or something and at first stopped socializing with the neighborhood , but thankfully soon realized that people did not hold them personally responsible for what is happening . 
  interesting . 
  not a obvious behavior for us . 
  lol does it change that he was putin critic ? 
  so what ? 
  did i talk about russia ? 
  scary that if you would give them flags of isis , the result would be same . 
  it is not their choise 403 forbidden, 
  these chilldren too small for that . 
  they did it only because somebody told them that it is good . 
  it looks like a soviet union, 
  looks scary , to be honest, 
  okay , if someone would kill the oppositionists in gulag , but also destroy all this mess , that drags my country to the bottom of the modern world , i will be not against it, 
  do n't know about your , guys , but compare to the modern russia , ussr looks like a heaven, 
  what 's wrong with yugoslavia ? 
  that will never happened without external support . 
  we have a lot of asian mentality , so we 'll never change something by ourself without the vital necessity, 
  everybody knows that esti strong in sports, 
  on the political level it is . 
  but if you would ask common people - some do n't like germany because it is associated with all of europe , but almost nobody recalls of ww2, 
  we have lost much more in ww2 , but i do n't see anti-german sentiments in russia ( anti-american , anti-european yes , but not exactly anti-german ) . 
  maybe some other causes ? 
   i do n't think it will last for long if ukraine will keep its current course . 
  why not ? 
  your are so similar in this, 
  our opposition is not involved in politics , they are engaged in exposing corruption , some social sphere , but not politics . 
  so they are not really opposition, 
  what kind of countries will we annex ? 
  sorry but almost all of them are in nato . 
  nobody wants to fight with nato here in a open war . 
  and it is revealing how quickly it was destroyed, 
  i think the reaction on this laws is exaggerated ... russia has never looked like a libertarian paradise, 
  why ? 
  brexit = britain + exit urine = ukraine + in holy place is never empty, 
  i again believe in humanity, 
  what kind of disease ? 
  i just said that there is a way to be not bad influenced, 
  many of us get their salaries in a `` black '' money . 
  i think in ukraine is the same . 
  almost all your posts about russia and ukraine, 
  germany has strong trade ties with us . 
  is it corrupt them ? 
  are you really a swede ? 
  did i make some conclusion ? 
  i just said that country need * some * ties to improve their economy . 
  i do n't live in ukraine , but maybe they just ca n't do anything with this ? 
  their nazi 's are numerous and consists a strong power . 
  besides they are fighting in the east, 
  how will they do it without eu 's help ? 
  euromaidan was supported by all main europe leaders , it was the reason why ukraine decided to destroy all ties with its largest trading partner . 
  now your are responsible for them, 
  technocratic version, 
  very dry and uninformative . 
  i think we have the most interesting history , but this way of storytelling is not suitable for it . 
  it is not about the events , it is about personalities, 
  it would be also a disaster for the crimeans . 
  just imagine , how it would be occur . 
  returning to the country where everyone considers them a traitor . 
  once again change all internal structure . 
  who needs this ? 
  i did n't support crimea annextion , of course . 
  but now there must be other ways to resolve the situation . 
  maybe some annual payments to the ukraine in exchange for the lifting of sanctions ( will look like we bought crimea ) . 
  i think not , 
  why not ? 
  words can be a strong power, 
  [ our  ( http://www.prikol.ru/2011/10/10/v-moskve-poyavilis-dorozhki-dlya-velosipedistov-15-foto/ ), 
  in theory - inability to respond to a nuclear attack is a threat to us . 
  but i 'm not compitent . 
  anyway i do n't believe in a world , where russia will friendly to usa/europe . 
  maybe after disintegration of russia, 
  compare with 90-s ? 
  about putin - if he would be really right-wing authoritarian ruler , like he want to look - i would n't have anything against him . 
  but all that i see - he just exploits weakness of our nation . 
  we have advanced enough economically during his tenure , but it is not his merit and kind of illusion - wages are increased , but not a production . 
  his government and party is completely incapacity . 
  it is well shown on the `` a straight line with putin '' where he gets more than 3 million questions . 
  it says a lot of our vertical of power . 
  peronally i terribly outraged that the government has made to science . 
  he was good at the first term - when country really needed to stabilize that shit that remains of eltsin and he coped well with this . 
  i do n't believe that crimea annexation is so important that our tv represent it . 
  it is more like a personal whim of putin . 
  perfect way to gain popularity - russians were always sad about khrushchev 's crimea transfer and i do n't know enough facts about rocket shield . 
  kind of agression , of course , but nato protecting their own interests . 
  i can undestand them . 
  sry , to learn this language is really hard to me . 
  strange questions , everybody knows how russians support putin and crimea . 
  are you asking about my personal attitude ? 
  it is diffrent from common and rather banal, 
  what exactly interests you ? 
  or it is just rhitorical question ?
