   russians probably have a much more positive view of russia than germans of germany do n't think that russians are strong unite nation that pulled together around its country and leader . 
  that 's far from it , really . 
  russians are very individualistic people nowadays . 
  most of them will leave russia as soon as they have the opportunity . 
  patriotism and putin are more like a `` drug '' that helps people to live here, 
  you know who would lose nothing in this case, 
  so the rich can do everything that he want ? 
   consequences of using nuclear weapons would be very grave . 
  it is kind of propaganda . 
  of course nuclear war wo n't lead to the end of the world , not even close to it . 
   there would be no sanctions that 's pretty naive . 
  as long as russia exist as a whole state , there would be reasons to sanction it . 
  you can understand why in this thread, 
  but it works . 
   responsibility who will ensure this responsibility ? 
  it can be democratically elected socialist 's government , but it ca n't be just people themselves . 
  what should people do , catch offenders and beat them or what  it 's way too simplified view of things it is how ruled parties call themselves  conservatives and nationalists are very pro-censorship . 
  solely for the purpose of protecting ( i do n't support it , but the fact that lefts do n't support it i find hypocritical ), 
  if you think that people * should * do it , you are for somebody that will control it . 
  if not the government , who else ? 
  i do n't want to discuss different marginal groups . 
  in the civilized world the most of people are either social-democrats/left-liberals/socialists or conservatives/right-liberals/nationalists . 
  other do n't have enough influence, 
  in general lefts tend to be more authoritarian . 
  they try to control the market , to control the income distribution , to control the human relashionship ( no hatespeech , no discrimination and etc. 
  it is pretty obvious , you have more freedom of speech in usa than in europe or canada . 
  hint : people who can somehow find reddit do n't watch government media, 
  strange that here is left front protesting for internet freedom . 
  traditionally freedom of speech is the right-wing value, 
  are not you ashamed to post this here ? 
  the number of people says only that nobody cares, 
  sad that kazakhstan does n't fit , its image is awesome, 
  it is not your georgia bro, 
  that was the only real choice . 
  everybody understood that sooner or later germany would attack su - it is pretty simple to understand . 
  all western countried tried to put the war away from itself . 
  i do n't see how su has more guilt here than britain or france . 
  i do n't have any delusions about soviets - one of my fellow has finnish roots . 
  and your finnish ancestor was the one who survived in his village - all others were shot for no direct reasons . 
  i just do n't understand how it can be an excuse for others . 
  you speak like we had a choice . 
  sometimes you should do what you need to do to protect your country . 
  we tried to come to an agreement with other western countries before the war but negotiations failed, 
  in the ussr , the brezhnev period there was a rumor that bulgaria was asking to join the union as the 16th republic , but it was denied that there was no common border and everything . 
  still there was a saying : `` the hen is not a bird , bulgaria is not abroad '' . 
  be that as it may , for the majority of soviet people , bulgaria was almost the only foreign seaside resort where one could get at least theoretically . 
  therefore , bulgaria rightfully became part of the general historical memory of the soviet past . 
  you can think so , bud i do n't see why should i treat nazi colloborators other than they deserve just because they fought against soviets for different reasons . 
  i really do n't care about it , they contributed to the killing of our people, 
  just create a country special for refugees like you did it for jews, 
  he is n't competent . 
  park chung-hee was competent , lee kuan yew was competent , franco had competent advisors , but putin is not ( or not enough ) . 
  with his giant power he should instill the necessary social institutions in the country , to make capitalism work , to ensure high economic growth . 
  what we have instead ? 
  stagnation and unclear prospects, 
  and i know not rural classroomes that looks much worser than this . 
  russia is big, 
  the class on the op 's pic is like russian class after the repairs . 
  but they are rarely repaired . 
  so the same but all is worser ( walls are not so white and etc. ), 
  idk , it looks pretty good for me , maybe my stardarts are very low . 
  it looks better than average class in russia , for sure . 
  see how convenient that you have russia , so much space to write notes, 
  she is a citizen of usa and she excuse chechen terrorism . 
  she is not somebody that deserves better analysis . 
  i do n't try to create some image of `` not all russians are bad '' people , i try to talk like everybody else in this sub, 
   they will instead demonise any form of pop culture and will waste their money trying to destroy it in russia that 's just bullshit . 
  and i do n't see you point . 
  almost all modern pop culture is coming from u.s. your examples are single , i can find in russia something too , masha i medved ' , idk, 
  low quality really, 
  usa 's *, 
  are you ok to post this here ? 
  there are plenty of armenians here that feels yourself comfortable , make their buisness here , build their life . 
  most russians do n't have any problems with them . 
  i do n't understand why are you so agressive , there are no reasons for our nations to confront . 
  sad that almost nobody today knows anything about georgia conflict . 
  i mean , people really do n't know anything , just judge by the opinions of other people and , at best , wiki article, 
  this kind of actions will just unleash the war . 
  we somehow managed to avoid this during the soviet period . 
  who is interested in it now ? 
  maybe i do n't know much , but it looks really strange to me . 
  in all places where i lived/studied/rested , attractive people were never offended . 
  even in a very agressive society, 
  do you want to nuke your own territories ? 
  you are awesome guys, 
   and generally if you are like that your intentions are not good . 
  not necessary . 
  the history knows the dictators that buildt rich , developed country . 
  south korea , singapoure . 
  anyway i do n't see such person on the horizon . 
  most propably russia will slowly approach to the south america level . 
  putin or his follower will be replaced by some stupid left populist , then again by another putin and etc. 
  should n't be here . 
  even for local level it is not important news . 
  only for people who are interested in the activities of these comrades, 
  the problem with musk is that his buisness is unprofitable and keeps on investments . 
  you can give a lot of money to any not-dumbass person and he will do something useful . 
  but this does n't mean that he deserves this money, 
  is honey in hot tea not harmful ? 
  i do n't know , maybe it is a myth , but so it is customary to think here,
