  but when he become a leader , su was very poor country . 
  hard time requires hard decisions, 
  i do n't know , maybe he unleashed the war that ended with the destruction of his own state ? 
  it is stupid to call eastern block `` occupation '' . 
  putin should do much more . 
  stalin did all that he could . 
  if we miss human victims caused by him , what exactly so terrible he did ? 
  stable and relatively prosperous decades after him are based on his work . 
  i 'm absolutely not a fan of communism but among all soviet leaders stalin was the most talented imo i understand that your guys prefer gorbachev , but please , try somewhen to take a look at the situation on our side, 
  should n't you be banned for that speech ? 
  your opinion, 
  the symbol of slavic separation also funny how they believe that west people can somehow distinguish them from us, 
  such behavior does n't fit a decent communist !, 
  it is a bit hypocritical from you, 
  ha-ha , i love your current mentality , always know all about who sell something to your, 
  you 've waited enough that no one except me noticed this , 
  depends on situation and on the reasons of it . 
  if you will show spb flag on the place where you always show national flags , it would be strange . 
  i find it ok . russia is completely ouf of european society . 
  we ( 99 % ) even do n't use english-language internet . 
  i 'm sure russians also do n't feel much empathy about european terrorist acts, 
  because it means that you do n't want to show our flag ? 
  we are proud of our flag , so if you do n't want to show it , do n't show anything, 
  the worst thing here is when somebody tells smth like `` they were just russian people , maybe they did n't support putin ! '', 
  it is stupid as hell . 
  and than these people will talk about some freedoms careless comments are ok, 
  no , it would be very disrespectful for every russian , if you would show this instead our national flag . 
  to not do anything is much better, 
  nobody here understand what it is actually means . 
  these people did n't pay this taxes before sanctions because they already pay taxes in the west countries, 
  on that logic ukraine can claims to be commonwealth, 
  belarus is far from other two . 
  today they have much more passengers, 
  if we compare the sites with the same level of audithory - it 's not like we were happy about it , it is just our common style of discussing such things . 
  [ on the topic of current explosion ] ( http://pikabu.ru/story/sanktpeterburg_vzryivyi_4953954 ) there are also not many sentiments and condolences . 
  we are used to that this is taken for granted, 
  also we have a lot of muslim immigrants, 
  i think now lgbt rights are more social thing , so the people who fighting for them rather socialists than liberals . 
  liberal is more about individualism . 
  it ca n't ever happen . 
  why ? 
  because our support to the government is based on a simple arrangement - your do n't touch us , we do n't touch your ( your can steal what you want , we are free from social commitments ) . 
  so i really do n't believe that government has leverage for mobilization . 
  we are too lazy to fight with someone ( in a major war , not with only proffesional army ), 
  wrong data . 
  in baltics should be 50 %, 
  yeah that 's interesting . 
  i think they just show that they can do what they want , nobody will care, 
  the main information that you should know is that only 0.1 % of population ( in which city ) are involved in these protests . 
   what are you then ? 
  giant multinational country with `` hot '' regions  the citizens of those countries are n't better than russians the citizens of those countries have strong democratic institutes . 
  `` western mentality '' . 
  to bring it to some eastern country will take a huge amount of time and effort . 
  for japan and korea it took  50 years . 
   cmv , i never understood statements like this . 
  how should i interpret that other than `` russia sucks so we need a putin '' ? 
  i ca n't be that 's what you mean , right i did n't say it . 
  i just say that `` liberal democratic pro-western '' government would be horrible for russia now . 
  i think every meating in turkey is much more numerous , so, 
  democracy is not a panacea for all ills, 
  we are not just a western country, 
  the difference between honest and fabricated elections would be maximum 10 %, 
  these pompeous speeches wo n't change the fact that nothing happened today . 
  90 % of population are still against there meetings . 
  9.9 % support , but too lazy/too scared . 
  0.1 % actually care, 
  wow , 0.1 % of population ( in which city ) are protesting !, 
  big deal, 
  yeah , that numerous oppressed `` silenced '' minorities around the world . 
  your ca n't let them down, 
  all 5 of them ? 
  some of my university teachers was also his teachers . 
  i missed this one , sorry . 
  they are not nazbols , just commies, 
  it is terrible how you mixed them, 
  is russia special here ? 
  country 404, 
  [ you missed ] ( http://main-designyoutrust.netdna-ssl.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/03/11-32.jpg?iv=805 ), 
  is it correct to count ira attacks here ? 
  paris was pretty calm under 2015, 
  gt : defense minister of ukraine stepan poltorak says that russian troops may be involved in the explosions at an ammunition depot in kharkiv region . 
  he said this at the briefing , which was broadcast channel `` 112 ukraine '' . 
  poltorak linked the incident with a hybrid war , which russia ostensibly waged against ukraine . 
  `` we have a very '' friendly `` country - the russian federation . 
  i think , first of all , it can be representatives who help terrorist groups and perform combat missions , as we today they number in the zone of the ato to 4.5 thousand personnel of the regular forces of the russian federation , well , and , of course , representatives of terrorist groups dnr and lc '' , - he added . 
  compare to africa you have . 
  do n't forget that world is not limited to europe and usa, 
  university is not the place for politics, 
  if they have n't any system to invastigate it , they can easily ignore it now . 
  but they did n't , for obvious reasons . 
  not like i accuse them of something but it 's not like they did n't have a choice, 
  it is not a stereotype . 
  i am bad with english ( i 'm here only for improve english skills ) but still better than 90 % of my friends . 
  maybe because we are very rarely facing with english in our life , russian-language internet is enough big, 
  no russian television channel will broadcast the eurovision song contest 2017 , which will be held in the ukrainian capital of ukraine , after the decision of the ukrainian side not to let julia samoilova from russia participate in the country . 
  the corresponding decision was made by the leaders of the largest russian media holdings , vesti.ru reports . 
  recall , the security service of ukraine ( sbu ) for three years banned samoilova entry into the country - for the fact that in 2015 , the singer performed in the crimea . 
  the ukrainian side considers the peninsula occupied by russia . 
  so these facts made him hitler ? 
  are you kidding me ?
