  the way to get this visa is n't so difficult , as many here describe . 
  maybe it will facilitate the agreement on accession to the eu though, 
  nobody cares about it in russia, 
  like it acted in libya , syria and iraq, 
  if this idividual soldier burned your village and then shot all survivors , you would n't have a choice, 
  who appointed you a gendarme of the whole world ? 
  russia will deal with its problems itself, 
  how is it connected ? 
  why ca n't you do both, 
  those who order was also ordered by somebody . 
  thus we can say that the only bad guy was hitler, 
  to forgive ? 
  some things are unforgivable, 
  200 million, 
  to defend the country against germans was wrong ? 
  you personally ? 
  good carreir , congrats, 
  it is n't controversial, 
  old data . 
  new one say about 10 millions, 
  the only reason is to offend russia ? 
  try to read more books, 
   what happened then was not all black and white . 
  you want to picture it as purely white and deny any grey or black spots . 
  people here do abosolutely the same . 
  everything that does n't fit into your picture of the world is `` denialism '' . 
   so why should others take your side and only chant praises to your motherland ? 
  nobody expected it . 
  people tend to think in the way , that is most profitable presently . 
  so it is easy to undestand why you emphasize one facts and forget about another . 
  nobody needs to have a good relationship with poor russia . 
  what are you trying to say me ? 
  celebrate what you want , who cares . 
  i just tried to say that to post this topic here was pointless, 
  estimates of this mass rape are , at best , doubtful, 
  you 've found an information about m-r pact , great . 
  now find also about all west agreements with hitler and his allies . 
  look what nazies did in occupied soviet territories and imagine what would happen if we lost . 
  we celebrate the fact that we still alive, 
  you seems to be happy with forgetting many other agreements that west did with hitler . 
  m-r pact was the first that su did . 
  it 's our celebration , do n't try to find any understanding here . 
  for r/europe users we should forget these date and be ashamed of it, 
  why did you see them, 
  he want you paying more taxes, 
  hmm , what can go wrong ? 
  i do n't even know, 
  you guys know about him much more than we, 
  how do you feel selling your own history for european money and us army ? 
  yeah . 
  literally the same, 
  hollande is the last worthy socialist . 
  next will be populist clown, 
   the reason they 're not doing it , is because it 'd be a blatant attack on the russian people themselves , the regime would just suffer because the state would collapse . 
  there are no reason for it , nobody would gain something from this . 
  so i do n't think that it will be isolated , why ? 
  because somebody thinks that we hacked macron ? 
  nobody will support it, 
  they call themselves `` antifascists '' , what are you talking about, 
  what would n't ukraine do - here we can always find people who can somehow justify it , 
  same scum , even worser , because hide behind good ideas, 
  do n't want to upset you , but russia is pretty stable . 
  it wo n't collapse at least for next 2 decades . 
  not something that makes me happy though , i prefer economic growth to stagnation, 
  nuclear war is n't so scary as it often described . 
  i very doubt that more than 100 millions will die and , of course , no end of the world will happen, 
  let 's defend anti-fa . . 
  it is us official language , what is he talking about, 
  what do you mean ? 
  comments here are on the level of youtube comments, 
  the thing is opposite . 
  russians criticize putin for weak economy , but praise him because of syria , ukraine , hacks . 
  we just do n't like that europeans forget about many other agreements that they did with hitler ( much more than su ) and concentrate only on m-r pact, 
  i can only add that not only post-communistic countries had economic growth since that time . 
  with your far-left views you are looking for renaissance of \u041f\u041d\u0420 . 
  socialism does n't work , at least in not rich-as-hell countries, 
  intrigue was short-lived, 
  gender stereotypes !, 
  posed in staged photos ? 
  big deal, 
  do we have any investigation about results of this politics ? 
  god bless the emperor, 
  what if people respect their culture and do n't shout to everyone that they are gay ? 
  lol wtf . 
  maybe you will leave a girlfriend if she will vote afd . 
  i think normal people would prefer to stay away from such companies , so it is n't painful, 
  would be disrespectful for that guy who suicided because of legalization, 
   honest referendum with the help from international observers the west will never agree to this . 
  this will mean the actual recognition of the legimateness of the annexation of the crimea . 
   abandon assad and join the west coalition against isis . 
  introduce the visa regime with the central asia . 
  abandon the euroasian ideology and start to treat russia as a european county both in the external and internal policies . 
  de facto it means rejection of any foreign policy . 
  good question , how will this affect russia in the long term . 
  so this article is about another . 
  he 've never said that this is key point , he will try to bypass . 
  it is n't breaking news , everybody expected this, 
  misleading title, 
  this incident is pretty clear . 
  but for some people is better that it looks complicated,
