  lol, 
  obama is everywhere, 
  paradox : when these people were still coming to power , things were n't change for the better . 
  i have nothing against navalny , but mostly of our oppositionists are as stupid and far removed from the people , as officials and politicians . 
  yeltsin also wanted this . 
  so what ? 
  in spite of the political leanings , ukrainian song is far better than any other on this contest, 
  by european standards , each of our rulers - dictator, 
  [ oxxxymiron - \u0413\u043e\u0440\u043e\u0434 \u043f\u043e\u0434 \u043f\u043e\u0434\u043e\u0448\u0432\u043e\u0439 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xblenfmksca ), 
  so what ? 
  to imitate the americans is very common for russians, 
  they are not small, 
  from the future ? 
  well , at least we were guessed by all, 
  it is not a correct question . 
  i ca n't ( maybe other can , do n't know ) immediatly distinguish russians who lived in the western provinces from those , who lived in the eastern . 
  to distinguish provincial russians from the russians , lived in the big city ( especially two capitals ) is much more easier . 
  maybe you should ask about the rest of the asian peoples living in russia . 
  i did n't speak with them a lot . 
  they do n't have an internet , so they ca n't response to you, 
   who needs development or cooperation anyways , especially with fascists . 
  most in russia really thinks in this way . 
  post-imperial syndrome . 
  distant past is closer for the people than the not always pleasant reality, 
  he was moving like a terrorist, 
  zaldostanov is a friend of putin , it is political project . 
  they do it only for the videos like this . 
  it causes a reaction in our society and distracts from the domestic problems, 
  does anybody know about these bikers outside russia ? 
  - post a shit - smb noticed that - kokoko russian scum, 
   you cant judge a whole community of people by 10 % of their individuals do they call to bomb muslim countries ? 
  not a historical evidence, 
  anyway i 'm repeatedly met people , who assumed that it is the same, 
  so better to keep away from this western world, 
  what ? 
  how did you make this conclusion, 
  i do n't argue that there are gays in russia , but they prefer other society , i guess . 
  easy to say it , when you live far away and ca n't give me examples, 
  i ca n't hate something that completely not existing in my life i just want a society where people are free who they can hate, 
  not surprising that eu ca n't make any single decision, 
  nice trolling but next time be more informative, 
  the main holiday on r/europe, 
  and the problem , of course , in me , not in your people, 
  lol , that 's opinion about trump ( all opinions about him ) only based on the words of his opponents . 
  trump himself never speak something specific about foreign policy, 
  [ beautiful country ] ( https://hsto.org/getpro/megamozg/comment_images/6ce/76c/25f/6ce76c25fb25e413b54cc8d4e499c73e.jpg ), 
  maybe i 'll answer when you will stop use demagogy, 
  i am happy that you understand that it is the same thing, 
  sorry i ca n't argue with you . 
  it is like to talk with jehovah witnesses, 
  it means that all that you claims here is meaningless . 
  it is not a logical statements . 
  you are just repeat some axioms that only exist ( and developed ) in your western world . 
  it is just a a set of words that does n't make any sense if you are not in current european discourse, 
  just add some magic words like `` human rights '' and you are automatically right, 
  so sad . 
  2017 and we keep teaching people for how to live in their country, 
   russian citizen i think here it means that he has citizenship of russia, 
  let 's play the game - guess his nationality, 
  i do n't believe that the ways of rallying europe are exist . 
  eu is not an exception, 
  i do n't blame anyone , i just tell that there are no easy decisions for russia . 
  we ca n't just elect pro-eu government and all will be ok . 
  to desintagrated and poor as hell russia not your personally, 
  but your perfect advices will lead exactly to what i mentioned . 
  actually , they already did, 
  we wonder that people will like only desintagrated and poor as hell russia, 
  yeah , why it is n't work in the east of ukraine , i do n't know , but omit this . 
  maybe , at least , because we spent a lot of money in their infrastructure and still want to earn something from these regions ? 
  maybe because it is historically unfair , our soldiers shed blood for these lands . 
  maybe because it can launch the chain reaction that will lead to desintagration of the whole country . 
  maybe because it is very dangerous regions that should be under control . 
  maybe because it would be hard to say what actually their citizens want , when radicals will come to rule, 
  how do you imagine it ? 
  you represent russia as modern ussr in it 's hardest time . 
  it is far from reality, 
  your guys do n't understand how poor is ukraine and how awful their current situation is . 
  we are closer to them and see it better . 
  and it is not kremlin propaganda, 
  yeah . 
  and then chechnya and dagestan will revolt . 
  and after the suppression of this revolt russia will called fascist dictatorship again . 
  propably we should lose half of our territories to please your, 
  we should lose half of our territories , i suppose , for it, 
  do n't you find strange that these war crimes always happen when it is very favorably for the west actions, 
  no matter what really happened , you can easily predict all these reactions, 
  i do n't want to gloat now ( forget that i 'm russian ) , but do n't you understand how awful your current situation is ? 
  your economy is on zero level , the country is almost a bankrupt . 
  free visa 's are good , but the way from this point to joining the eu is giant . 
  optimism is ok , but comments like this ... you guys live in a parallel universe if you really can compare russian economic problems with your, 
  the current rusophobic line here is not something that i want to follow, 
  i do n't justify repressions , but it not the only thing that stalin made, 
  you are pretend to be occupied too ? 
  i told about poland , chechia , hungary, 
  i do n't know how to say [ it ] ( http://bigslide.ru/images/24/23558/960/img3.jpg ) in english, 
  to lie on the oven and wait for a miracle, 
  germany will always look good . 
  that 's their mentality , they have very strong social institutes . 
  that 's why they always found the decision for bad times, 
  maybe you are right .
