  why japan is so low ? 
  what a trolling , looks like we have n't our own great person, 
  what about [ this one ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9r_qgzauz08 ) ? 
  average russian have never been in europe and never will be . 
  those , who can afford it , commonly does n't concern, 
  there were some conservative monarchies who were in good relationship with us ( but that was also hypocritical ), 
  why not ? 
  it is saga , it always written in that way . 
  it is not about historical reproducing , it is about battles and heroes . 
  and , as i understand , `` viking '' is about initial conflict between two russian princes, 
  as `` west '' i implied progressive part of west . 
  sometimes we were allies but it was forced . 
  hmm , almost any part of our history can be perceived as anti-west propaganda . 
  we must n't make historical films ? 
  everywhere ? 
  they are far-right , rights are conservative and do n't support progress ( especially in leftish sense ) . 
  so i do n't understand why you found it weird, 
   russians play with black bands ? 
  what it was some sport match or what, 
   volhynia ca n't find it . 
  can you link ? 
  and did it translated to english ? 
  i 'm agree with nazi argument , but on r/europe i can see only polish indignation . 
  on all topics your are always say that russian occupation were worser than nazi . 
  so thought upa and fought with russians . 
  yes , your had a conflict , but why ca n't you understand them ? 
   or trying to imply that there 's a bigger difference between russia and other european countries than there actually is . 
  it 's pretty silly . 
  do n't think it is silly . 
  imo , the difference is bigger than it looks like . 
  we have different religion , at least . 
  we look like asians , who were raised as europeans, 
  do n't understand why you are so care about it . 
  it is not anti-polish march , i 'm sure that these people are recognize poland as a friend . 
  rze\u017a wo\u0142y\u0144ska should be forgived - these ukrainians glorify upa for the other reasons, 
  it is a popluar view among the historical friks ( russia is rich in them ), 
  we 'll destroy them all, 
  another war with poland ? 
  not the greatest part of our history, 
  sorry but we do n't have polish history in our schools . 
  destroy it all with all civilians . 
  that must help, 
  lol are you seriosly expect that common people should know about this ? 
  they are just never interested in it and answered first thing that came to mind, 
  our official history was also fake before the ussr . 
  it was simply invented by the order of catherine . 
  set of some fairy tales without any evidence . 
  but we have many independent historicans, 
  i saw that you called our history `` fake '' . 
  soviets lied = all that soviets said is lie . 
  great logic . 
  molotov -- ribbentrop pact was ok, 
  now you yourself sound like a propagandist, 
  ofc , but some focuses on one facts , some on another . 
  and both sides like to ignore unpleasant facts . 
  ca n't describe it in a few words . 
  your and our representations of this war are completely different ( even on a historical level ) , so disputes on this subject are only emotional, 
  like a cold war, 
  [ here ] ( https://pp.vk.me/c604624/v604624055/aa54/npwlacfe1cy.jpg ) he reminds me medvedev ), 
  https://klimbim2014.wordpress.com/page/2/ link to wordpress with other photos ( not only of russia ), 
  because you need to build logical bridges like that to proove its necessity ? 
  and then it can be contested, 
  democracy = / = universal suffrage, 
   these are the euroskeptics arguments . 
  europe also allows a lot of us to travel between countries easily , work and study anywhere we like , help other european countries like ireland , slovenia or any other former communist country developing quickly , protection of customers ( health in particular ) against international companies ... these things are not good in themselves ( except the last ) . 
  you just happy that european countries are friends, 
  did n't your want to kill all of the separatists in serbia ? 
  maybe in syria ? 
   russian invasion to georgia in 2008 wonderful, 
  of course , i can . 
  it 'll be used in norway . 
  norway is richer, 
  ofc , we all know that we threatened them to kill them all if they did n't vote and behave naturally further, 
  / sssssssssss, 
  maybe you know more ? 
  your 2 % wo n't stop our tanks haha, 
  all of your population want to joun us ? 
  maybe we can solve this issue peacefully ? 
  from the law of identity, 
  lol need to be really stupid to think that russia will attack some nato country . 
  just a populism, 
  secret - zhirinovsky 's party won the elections in 1993, 
  nevermind . 
  fact that you do n't hate political movement . 
  you hate authortarian ussr that invaded some part of european world . 
  russia was also authortarian and tending to the expansion before the communism regime . 
  wow i can watch it without translation . 
  great , 
  i seriously thought that your have at least 80 % of atheists, 
  you hate russia , not communism, 
  so we were also fight for the land which we considered as ours, 
  make greece great again, 
  we can offer your many other ways, 
  mb because swedes nowadays look like they never had imperial past . 
  hard do associate with, 
  not sure about poland , but in russia battles with swedes are well known, 
  this hatred was also up to the soviet union . 
  there will always be reasons . 
  different fundamental values your are much more efficent , so they look like common, 
  quickly you decided for all russians .
