  how can ukraine be recovered without authoritarianism ? 
  art is valuable in itself . 
  like chokolate or alcohol . 
  plebs logic, 
  oh , come on , 99 % of them just spread basic left-wing ideas . 
  it is n't main task of art, 
  it is an island, 
   ffs , ofc russia is the number one suspect . 
  among reddit users propably, 
  why do you ask, 
  what can we do without being called propaganda-pusher ? 
  russians did it . 
  it was you who used this term . 
  i thought it means `` ruled by communist parties '', 
  ruled by communist parties, 
  we are talking about europe here, 
  both belarus and yugoslavia were communist, 
  and belarus , yugoslavia, 
  you forgot thatcher !, 
  lefts are so triggered because of all successful policies were conservators, 
  usa hero, 
  why do you ask stupid questions . 
  he was n't a foreigner , we were one nation ( ? 
  do n't know how to translate soviet term narod ), 
  you have another flair, 
  i was only talking about parent comment, 
  it is n't radical it is common pro-us propaganda , and it is very powerful . 
  you would never be so rich without capitalism, 
   if you need examples of socialistic countries look a bit northerner ( tip - nordic countries ) . 
  did you destroy your private property or what nordic countries are in the top-30 [ here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/index_of_economic_freedom ) , to call it `` socialism '' does n't make sense . 
  always funny to look how you 've get upvoted, 
  ok now what does it all mean, 
  why did you read it ? 
  just why ? 
  tell me 1 reason why did you start to read this book . 
  high corruption would be a problem in any political system, 
  yeah , trial by combat, 
  if not russia , then some more poor post-soviet country, 
  how the fuck it can be good ? 
   why not let him run . 
  because he is a criminal and criminals are not allowed to the president election ? 
  what should putin do - to give him amnesty ? 
  what a dumb questions you ask guys, 
  it is arguable what is better for the underdeveloped country - democracy or authocracy . 
  we have many examples of successes and failures for both systems . 
  so i do n't find this an insult, 
  they are not in the eu, 
  just a sequence of coincidences, 
  everyone who is n't working for your propaganda machine, 
  who is the next ? 
  inter ? 
  do n't understand why socialists are so `` ashamed '' of him . 
  he is pretty left-wing, 
  i just explained you why it is downvoted, 
  because 3000 dead poles , that fought for the russian territories is comparable to 30\u00a0000\u00a0000 dead soviets , that fought for the russian terrotories, 
  removing assad is the only thing that west wants , how can it not be a priority . 
  now waiting for somebody who will be triggered because of `` belorussia '', 
  the only reason why they did it is the different titles . 
  and this is common form , you [ should know it ] ( https://uk.wikipedia.org/wiki/%d0%9d%d0%b0_%d0%a3%d0%ba%d1%80%d0%b0%d1%97%d0%bd%d1%96 ) . 
  in a tradition where we currently born and grew up . 
  without stalin this whole system could just collapse with enourmous level of further poverty . 
  you ca n't really build a country based on that ideas . 
  stalin 's move to relative right wing was needed, 
  ukraine independence war ( 1941-1945 ), 
  the propagandists are not homosexualists themselves and they do n't just `` telling kids gay people exist '' , at least in russia . 
  the problem is not exactly in ideas , but mostly in people , who spread it, 
  it is pretty left-wing idea , to unite people under some humanistic ideas, 
  oh , we are represtented twice , nice, 
  we do n't celebrate it whole year , we celebrate it one day , what 's problem with it , i do n't understand . 
  every europop band which albumes were released in ussr , was very popular , but abba especially . 
  now we ca n't even count this popularity , cause it mostly was spreaded by rewriting, 
  it 's almost all russians , every ukrainian and belarussian hero is glorified on an equal footing with all , nobody even notice the nationality, 
  i can say that we should care more about ww2 . 
  firstly because some of the veterans now suffer from the poverty and it does n't look like somebody cares about it . 
  secondly because some young dumb idiots now think that war is pretty funny and cool . 
  we have cosmonautics day, 
  under certain circumstances , we could become their colony abba was the most popular foreign band in ussr the best science ingmar bergman , watched most of his films, 
  yeah but i do n't see any about italy or spain . 
  only about evil russia, 
  til there are countries , where postal systems are worser than here . 
  i 'm shocked, 
  why do you answer if you do n't know anything ? 
  i do n't know how to describe kissel , but for me it is a beverage . 
  we deffinetely drink it , not eat, 
  secular islam does n't make sense, 
  would n't argue with western hegemony , if your colonies would be prospered . 
  does n't look like countries that endured western intervention feels good now, 
  what kind of policies ? 
  should he ask him are you a hitler ? 
  or what, 
  firstly i thought that telegraph is so dumb to insert `` climate change '' in this title, 
  so many marginal articles about history of russia on this sub . 
  dunno who is interested in it, 
  the are a little bit biased , do n't you think ? 
  i do n't see how it is a threat, 
  somebody should be a judge, 
  a threat to whom ? 
  you should choose one, 
  it is n't our war, 
  care to elaborate ?
