  what do you interest of ? 
  hope they will just jailed, 
  they are quite calm here . 
  fighting only in the wood , far from civilization, 
  what can rfs do ? 
  hooligans are free people , they are not controlled and not supported by anyone else . 
  club is responsible for its supporters becouse he can influence on them ( forbid them to visit the stadium for example ) . 
  but it happens not on our stadiums and not on our ground . 
  lol it is not our current system is much worse it is just a part of anti-soviet propaganda of 90-s, 
  so do i. unsubscribed from the group of my favorite team on the time of euro . 
  thnks , will listen to this no , do n't have exactly it . 
  but maybe you will intersted in [ michail elizarov ] ( https://new.vk.com/wall-2017887_1194 ) . 
  he mixes folk-like music with funny vulgar texts . 
  it is not only about fun , texts are really good composed . 
  but if you do n't completely understand russian , maybe it will hard to translate it and songs will not be interested . . 
  many our people think that putin is continuously fighting with corruption , but the officials steal so much , so he have n't time . 
  this myth is supported by show trials . 
  hence they continue to vote for the main party , because it is supported by putin . 
  we even have a proverb ` good tsar , bad boyars ' . 
  it costs like a cheap laptop, 
  not tricolor tv that device supported by tricolor tv and have integraion with it . 
  you can watch satellite tv by tricolor with this console , but it is not the only way, 
  i do n't claim that everything made in russia is shit . 
  but if someone make something useful , then rhytoric of the developer is different, 
  looks like our typical `` russian answer to the west '' ( [ russian smartphone ] ( https://yotaphone.com/ru-ru/ ) , [ russian game console ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fveb67z6pku ) , [ russian national search system ] ( http://www.sputnik.ru/ ) etc. ) . 
  nobody knows why is it needed and who uses it, 
  maybe because the country is big . 
  in two capitals it in not so hard to be gay, 
  some names of countries are incorrect, 
  we also have a brazilian, 
  this boxes are everywhere . 
  people adapt to such uniformity - each of the boxes in my native town looks originally for me . 
  okay , you mean that they can move to the west of ukraine , away from war . 
  do n't know how this is regulated . 
  he said that come to russia in not easy now . 
  if you do n't have money for bribe , you should queue up for weeks . 
  he found the job , ok , but it can be much more difficult for the less educated . 
  russia does ' t provide him shit opportunities , she provides shit opportunities for the insolvent refugees . 
  he thinks that if russia started this war , she has such an obligation . 
  but russia left them, 
  shit , it is unsolvable contradictions . 
  will have to try with someone else, 
   if he 's a programmer he should be able to get a good job almost anywhere . 
  hmm why ? 
  do n't forget that ukraine is not in eu . 
   also paying a bribe should n't be that big of an issue why not ? 
   i do wonder , what 's his alternative to moving to russia ? 
  do n't know , it is not easy to move somewhere even for us, 
  oh man , maybe you 'll forget children 's grievances and join our great mission ? 
  who , except us , slavs , would resist the evil westetn world ? 
  we both drink vodka, 
  joke that your speech sounds for us like you just repeat `` pshe pshe pshe '' similar jokes that it is very easy to be polish poet, 
  lol we will post same pic every month ? 
  if your are latvian , maybe you a little understand russian ( maybe google translate will help ) . 
  for many it is hard to throw their houses without the guarantees . 
  it is a strong desicion . 
  they do n't die of hunger yet . 
  most naive of them still believe that russia will annex them . 
  less naive do n't believe in anything good . 
  just want to leave that dead place and never return . 
  but do n't know where . 
  encounter with bureaucratic difficulties and with the lack of prospects for a slightly decent job who was in time to arrive here , got considerable privileges ( many of them even just stoped search the work ) , now it is much harder, 
  we took around a million of them . 
  but today obtain this status has become more difficult than 1-2 years ago . 
  many of donetsk people complain that they had to leave their family, 
  how this fact prevents us to hate each other ? 
  because , that i here , it was n't so popular everywhere i prefer 1 too ( 3 is not for my pc ), 
  we are playing your witcher ( even the first part ! ), 
  and reading stanislav lem more than average european . 
  i also love polish band [ kult ] ( http://www.last.fm/ru/music/kult ) . 
  what have you interesting else ? 
  i 'm not completely deny it , ofc , but it was enough rarely to compare how often our `` allies '' betrayed us, 
  they were choose rusofobic government ( okay , they have a right ) . 
  the process of this `` choosen '' passed with chants that claimed all our nation deserves a guillotine . 
  okay , they have a right to think so and our answer is unacceptable . 
  but were we betray ? 
  if you are talking about all history , i 'm disagree . 
  who we were betray ? 
  if you are talking about nowadays ... have we an ally ? 
  belarus ? 
  lol looks like you just wanted to write some shit, 
  yep , you are completely right about china . 
  most people just see the news , when our leaders shake hands and sign contracts . 
  those , who is interested in politic , have no illusions about china, 
  because we are not living absolutely separated anyway . 
  ukrainians are regulary using russian-language internet , so we are always dispute about current political situation . 
  and i can say , that i do n't sure that the rest of the internet contains more mutual insults than we both have written since 2014, 
  i do n't know anybody who knows about `` rus.delfi '' ( what is it ? ), 
  russia has only 2 dependable allies : her navy and army ( c ) -- alexander iii, 
  who exactly will be judged ? 
   communism is deserving of no respect or glory . 
  for people with europian mentality , yes , it is . 
  and i can understand ukrainians . 
  but the world is not limited to europe, 
  your are paying much more propagandists here, 
  but belorus and ukraine did n't exist  okay we have some other experience too . 
  should we fear polish invaders ? 
  or maybe anti-soviet revanchists ? 
  i want to be prepared, 
  how could we start fight with them ?
