  i do n't recognize them as a nation , if they even do n't want to talk on their language . 
  they have no difference with us , nobody can distinguish russian from belarus, 
  relashionship with russia - it is the only criterium , that your need to know , when your will elect the president ? 
  9/10 of articles of france elections are about it . 
  i thought that france is no longer a monarchy and your parliament will can influence fillon or le pen, 
  holy shit, 
   i do n't understand . 
  care to elaborate ? 
  if you will allow them to marriage and wo n't do anything else , they will face with aggresion . 
  i do n't know how is it possible to remove this aggresion . 
  i do n't believe in it . 
  maybe by destroing our nation as a whole ( it is already destroyed , but ) . 
  or very strict rules in this regard . 
  or very intense propaganda . 
  i do n't want this to my country and i do n't find all it healthy, 
  but there are other reasons , when you ca n't marry what you love . 
  it is sad , but you should deal with it . 
  equality ? 
  only slaves can be equal, 
  because it due to huge campaign to protect them from other people . 
  i do n't find all it healthy . 
   real issue at least it is forbidden by church, 
  why do we need this specification ? 
  maybe i love my horse . 
  but i ca n't marry to it !, 
  is it inequality ? 
  because we live in society . 
  natural or not , it does n't matter . 
  it is not normal not because of nature , but because of people who has tradition , has culture , has religion . 
  who we are , to judge them ? 
  they have the same rights as all other - if they want to marry to the other opposite sex person , the can do it . 
  their problem that they do n't want to do it, 
  why any ? 
  not any , only that unsuitable to people , who living there  ideology loving enough that what you are trying to do now , i ca n't claim it only because it differs to your ideology, 
  if it is normal to people of your nation , why not . 
  but otherwise , why we should do it by force ? 
  i do n't find it dumb and his point is ok . russians ( like all other slavs ) are really white niggers in western europe . 
  and they should n't have the same rights there as white europeans . 
  if you are a guest , you should respect the majority, 
  to destroing all national and go to the left-wing ideas ? 
  at least to economic fault . 
  left politics ca n't be effective, 
  do you understand that it is not churches problem ? 
  to fuck your own culture ? 
  okay . 
  will see , where these suicidal ideas will lead, 
  your choice !, 
  we 've already not wanted in europe , and most russians know it, 
  does singapore have true meritocracy ? 
  authoritarian, 
  yeah , something is really wrong when all traditional , rational and pragmatic faces with a flurry of discontent, 
  i think that we should respect our \u0441hristian culture . 
  so , yes , some group of people should have less rights , if they do n't suited to it . 
  i dream about the society , where they realise it themselves and respect majority . 
   ussr had no legal rights to latvia how this fact can change something ? 
  leave it to historians , de facto latvia during 40 years was part of ussr . 
  why we need to compare ? 
  i just say that now it is hard for them to work cooperative . 
  donetsk citizens will never ( okay , at least next few years ) forgive ukrainians for what they did . 
   you do realise chechenya was n't rebuilt out of kindness ? 
  nothing is doing out of kindness . 
  what does it change ? 
  donetsk region should be rebuilt because of their natural resourses . 
  and if ukraine , after the war , would do that , it can help to reconcile their nation . 
  but it wo n't be enough , like it was n't enough to chechens . 
   if they did n't want war , they would have not supported their local warlords to go to war against ukraine . 
  they did n't want war , but even war is still better than just shut up , when other part of country shows that their opinion now does n't count . 
  yanukovich was elected mostly by east ukrainians, 
  so you think that they lie only because it gives them pleasure ? 
   surrender to the ukrainian armed forces and work on rebuilding both their states , and their relationships with the rest of ukraine . 
  just imagine that we in 1991 started the war with latvian separatists , bombing your cities and killing you citizens . 
  what would you feel about it ? 
  we did it in checnya and they still hate us for it . 
  but we copletely rebuild their land and still pay them . 
  will ukrainians do the same ? 
  i doubt . 
  even if they want , the have no money . 
   the ukrainians are only '' good '' as they are victims of russian aggression . 
  are n't the east ukranians are victims of ukrainian agression ? 
  they never wanted to war with, 
   the latvian government not exactly latvian , but west world  has sent any lethal aid . 
  i do n't understand why , to be honest . 
  if usa will do it , it would be considered as normal act . 
   because you view the rebels as some opressed peoples . 
  not opressed , but they are on the other side . 
  i do n't understand why one side is good gyus and other are bad . 
  when west people blame russia for crimea , it is clear , but here i ca n't understand, 
  does n't look like a fake . 
  it was watched on russian tv , they do n't have reason to lie here, 
  what kind of agression ? 
  crimea ? 
  because of crimea they started this war ? 
  and after returning this territories , they will fight with us for crimea ? 
  very interesting  russian soldiers or '' tourists '' to come to donetsk and wage war against anyone . 
  just some help to rebels . 
  like your help to ukrainan government . 
  do n't see any difference . 
   their blood is on the hands of those who voted for putin ? 
  i too doubt that ukrainians had resourses to kill most of leaders of separatists, 
  most of them are .
