  then lee kuan yew is a real devil, 
  so what ? 
  do you expect that he will start wwiii and burn all curds in ovens ? 
  if not , he is completely not a hitler, 
  if george bush was able to do it , everybody is able, 
  and how many people do it ? 
  come on , they allow many russians , who was in crimea , to visit their country . 
  but now they have gone on the principle, 
  so every russian that was in crimea since 2014 has no chance to visit ukraine ? 
  it is not true, 
  just finished reading , very interesting !, 
   because of the perception that they were n't smart enough . 
  i have the perception that people generally are n't smart enough  gender are not indicators of someones ability . 
  if genders are not idicators , just do n't tell your gender to voters . 
  if there are no difference , why we should know it ? 
  are you guys ok with these analogies ? 
  seriously ? 
  hmm , one of the greatest leader in our history was woman . 
  and women are not minority, 
  in a society where nobody would care about transgender he or not . 
  is it real in the world where everybody will talk about it ? 
  i do n't believe that people can find golden mean here, 
  okay i 'm not old but i 'm afraid too . 
  the idea that the whole society should adapt to the group of people makes me sad, 
  do n't forget that russia is kind of empire , so not surprising that most of its land is not original for russians, 
  we have this claim . 
  here it is common to think that kievan rus was our state . 
  hmm , here police system of usa is an example to follow , people often say something like `` look at the usa , why our cops ca n't be the same ? ) . 
  at all , american justice laws are popular in public here ( the right to bear arms , right to self-defense . . ) . 
  we are the most depressed nation , but we drink tea !, 
  i do n't understand how is it possible to drink so much coffee . 
  european union is not the only type of cooperation, 
  you are not complicated, 
  what did he expect ? 
  not a descendants of ancient greeks, 
  german colony ? 
  it was n't despite . 
  communism and even socialism did n't supposed to be constructed in one day, 
  it was n't classical, 
  dirty insinuations, 
  what 's sense for pvv to be a part of establishment ? 
  what 's the reason to vote for them after it ? 
  it 's a fake, 
  i doubt in china too , they can repeat japan 's failing, 
  maybe swap colours ? 
  why is it so highly downvoted ? 
  are you disagree with it or what ? 
  i thought it is a simple fact . 
  germany gains a lot from eu because the euro rate is cheap compare to their economy . 
  did n't i say the same ? 
  money that germany spent to rise poland , bulgaria and others are pennies compare to what it gain from the euro rate, 
  lol germany gets the most benefit from eu , among all countries . 
  it is so stupid to think that it should leave eu, 
  do n't know , ukrainians in russian internet are very pro-polish . 
  not always . 
  the last navalny 's investigation was highly upvoted, 
  i do n't know a single one . 
  we do n't use forums , we use vk ( our facebook ) mostly . 
  in vk you can be banned by creator of the group for any reason . 
  highly opposition [ lentach ] ( https://vk.com/oldlentach ) has 1.3 million subscribers, 
  or just to prevent organization of unauthorized rallies . 
  better now than later, 
  what a pompeous speeches here about just a conversation with the police . 
  he is not charged or smth, 
  of course you are suprised . 
  because you do n't have a access to the russian internet , obviously . 
  your nick tells me that you are sincere, 
  i meant mostly economic power, 
  do n't understand this optimism . 
  eu supposed to be much more influent and rich that it currently is . 
  at the beggining of the century ( and before it ) people talked about new power that will dominate in the world and replace usa . 
  now this is out of the question, 
  no reason for post this russian video here . 
  it is about nothing , just a well-groomed village, 
  you lost cause-effect relationships, 
  what west do in foreign countries , supporting ( and organising ) all protest movements , has nothing with respect, 
  very intersting , man , tell me more how we should live and what we should think to make you happy, 
  i understand it , but i do n't think that you should justify yourself , because nobody requires it . 
  for us collaborators are collaborators . 
  the is no way for different opinion for people who helped to kill 25 millions of our people . 
  i just said that a few years ago that was common opinion in europe , now it is only ours , other think that they were a patriots who fought with bigger evil . 
  that 's why i find these kind of questions incorrect , only for prove this trend , not for discussion . 
  opposite to whom ? 
  politicial-biased question . 
  all post-nazies countries now are friends of europe and usa , russia in not a friend , so obviously crimes of nazism lose significance every year , crimes of soviets gain it . 
  which country do n't have this culture, 
  over 100k would be also interesting, 
  so what ? 
  did you read what i said ? 
  maybe you know many ukrainians , who ca n't speak russian , idk, 
  but they all speak like a native speaker . 
  for some lithuanians russian is also second language , but most of them speak much worse, 
  you already do it lol . 
  not you , but your big brother, 
  i 'm not sure that you do n't forget what we are talking about, 
  are they enough strong for [ bulgaria ] ( http://mecometer.com/image/piechart-country-data/bulgaria/import-partners.png ) ? 
  not strong arguments for such decision . 
  i do n't see any reason for russia to attack any eu country . 
  but even if - how would it help ? 
  i meant , to bring an emagro to a large trade partner for now real reason will only increase eurosceptics popularity .
