  we do n't even borders ( lol , if we would translate our troops to kaliningrad it would be noticed ), 
  your are nevertheless in eu , nato . 
  it is hard to protect themselves for the small counrty , especially in times , when russian empire was created . 
  now you have allied commitments and can be sure that nobody will injure you , in the past it did n't guarantee you this, 
  behavior of their majority causes this . 
  i do n't blame them ( it is stupid to blame people for their natural behavior ) , we need more control at the border and stricter migration rules, 
  anyway novgorod had different serious problems , because of the climat and poor soils maybe you are right but this despotism created the empire . 
  do n't think this is regrettable, 
  you just did n't see arkhangelsk http://cs630027.vk.me/v630027392/185ed/agxittie6fq.jpg, 
  russia 's too . 
  so what ? 
  okay we are not the first, 
  do n't think that it is important . 
  important to believe the west lies , to believe we do anything in law, 
  do we earn enough friendly points to annex somebody else ? 
  yes , free elective leaded by their coach ( not for this contest only , as i heard ), 
  i 'm studying at the same faculty that these guys, 
  did you read the defenition ? 
  i do n't want to justify anyone , i want to understand what the article says, 
  it can be the revenge on racial grounds . 
  it is diffrent from racism, 
  racism assumes dominance . 
  if it did by musim or black people , it is not correct to call it `` racism '', 
  why do n't leave people wave the flag against human rights ? 
  same reason, 
  we do n't pick anything , we are just forced to fight, 
  is it an only one a true view on the world ? 
  hmmm . 
  someone commented 5 of my commentaries, 
  lie about what ? 
  we need more levels, 
  all of our history we were behind in that, 
  they have russian coach  all that i know, 
  ni leader flag is also red , mb they are merge ? 
  mmm enough to look how eu refers to the various types of revolutions . 
  we do n't want to another one . 
  sufficient to divide on the small regions, 
  we do n't want to lost our country ? 
  like a ukraine, 
  funny that you ca n't find most of these article about russian agression on russian sites . 
  even on the opposition resources ( we have enough of them ) on the front page . 
  sure that nobody knows about it in my surroundings, 
  hockey invasion, 
  do you want to say it is not ? 
  did n't notice watermark, 
   the us 30 years ago was just as homophobic as russia is now . 
  but their society needed to fix that ( it was expressed in the human-rights activists ) . 
   fundamentally we 're pretty much the same people , regardless where we 're from . 
  sure it is completely not . 
  on every level . 
  `` special '' ? 
  you calls every not-europian civilization `` special '' ? 
  nice, 
  theory that it prevents crimea war, 
  occasion in georgia have different interpretations even in your press crimea is a base of the black sea fleet . 
  different people, 
  what for ? 
  each country has their own social progress . 
  and progress is to modernize national fundamental values for the present context . 
  when the usa legalized gay marriages in each state , it was their progress . 
  if russia would do that it would be something weird that does n't suppose to be . 
  common people that should be mobilized for so big war . 
  ( i am ~ ~ afraid ~ ~ forgot that you claims that nato would n't support baltic countries ) i think they would support , why not . 
  if it would indeed happens , it would be a much more danger agression that listed examples, 
  why do we need it ? 
  people can just refuse to war . 
  it would be hard for propaganda to justify such war . 
  do n't believe in social progress too . 
  but your position is clear, 
  only because of a reference to my flag . 
  any russian is wrong a-priory ? 
  second variant . 
  i have nothing against gays . 
  so what ? 
  is it disrespect to gays ? 
  do n't support it too, 
  because of the reference to the flag, 
  where did i disrespect somebody ? 
  i just only said my world view, 
  our financial elites keep money in europe . 
  they would n't allow to unleash the senseless war . 
  in addition , my fellow citizens not so aggressively tuned, 
   dictatorship of one opinion, 
  your are in nato , it will be suicide for us, 
  do n't believe in human rights , sorry . 
  you should have as much rights as your government gave it to you . 
  if it is not your and your countymans tradition , so change the government . 
  maybe the system , that is worked in the most civilized countries , the most efficient . 
  but imo it is silly to think that your can modernize in that way any country . 
  to force people to respect gay it is a violence, 
  it is a dictatorship of the one opinion . 
  as a right-wing , i do n't support it . 
  it is worthy of respect ? 
  they just please us and gb, 
  our opposition sucks because they are engaged unclear what . 
  instead of strengthen its position in the regions , they are fighting with putin ( war , which he does n't notice ) . 
  and do it with silly rusofobic ritorical , which ca n't convince anyone to support them ( even to hear ), 
  it always has matter . 
  it could not be saved from the crisis , but it could reduce losses . 
  not to mention the fact that the current authoritarian putin 's rule is on the basis of the yeltsin 's changes of constitution .
