  it is known myth . 
  yes , financial condition was deteriorated , but only for ~ 20 % . 
  the main reasons are in a completely different field, 
   honestly still kinda baffled why did n't the soviets start to slowly shape the system into a semi capitalist one from 1960 's -1970 's onwards like the chinese did . 
  they did it . 
  each new su leader carried out new market reforms . 
  but they were not talented enough to anticipate the future . 
  and very rarely replaced, 
  do you think that mentality can be changed ? 
  it rests on tradition, 
  it is hard to explain that . 
  it is not only military power . 
  the reasons are in philosophical field . 
  you need to understand , that the mentality of russians is more eastern , that considered to be . 
  i think that there were two ways hitler went to the east on su ( as he wrote in his works ) , during the poland . 
  gb and france were not intervene to war , but prepared for it ( expecting attenuation of hitler 's army ) or hitler went to the west and su were not intervene to war , preparing to own defence . 
  as it happened i really do n't see a variant in which 3rd reich started the war and gb+f rance + su respond together ( or not started the war all ) after the failure of triple alliance negotiations . 
  stalin did n't going to divide europe between him and hitler . 
  his actions were just a defensive strategy , to protect self interests . 
  the country was n't prepare to the so big war in 1939 . as for poland - su had claims on thier lands long before the beginning of war . 
  they were part of the russian empire . 
  it is strange for me that you are doing emphasis on it . 
   further escalation where ? 
  why ? 
   there was poland in between , and it had an alliance with the west that was honoured . 
  alliance meaned nothing at that time . 
  if it would be disadvantageously , gb and france would never help them . 
  only m-r pact forced them to do it . 
   i know they lie to you in russia that ww2 began in 1941 , but maybe it 's about time you actually looked past soviet propaganda as to when the war actually began and who started it - hitler together with stalin . 
  what a demagogy, 
  so odious persons are mentioned in this article :d . dugin is absolute freek ( but educated !, 
  it makes him more comical ) . 
  why do you think , that if hitler attacked ussr in 1939 , france/uk would intervented in the war ( from the beginning ) ? 
  their policy before that did n't tell us about it . 
  they also tried to set on hiltler to a su . 
  it is senselessly . 
  they do n't constitute a serious power p.s. 
  mb i did n't understand what ** riderer ** meant, 
  you are not in the subject , i think, 
  did n't try to judge , just a fact, 
  im not live in crimea , but it is naive to think so, 
  do n't think you are right . 
  there are many evidence , show that su had n't illusions about hitler 's plans ( but not expected him on june ), 
  russians are not so interested exactly in wwii . 
  the great patriotic war almost completely replaced it for them ( for us ) . 
  so , they are not seriously angry at any of su-s allies . 
  they usually just do n't know their role in this events . 
  only superficially interested people agree that any of the main allies ( gb , france , su ) is guilty , because they had n't been able to agree . 
  thanks , we have enough of their, 
  i think it was originally implied, 
  oh , you are unjust . 
  and forgot about other events ( like the munich agreement ) , that also helped, 
  as expected, 
  if we look back at history , we can see that it was often combined, 
  [ ruslan and ludmila ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ruslan_and_ludmila ), 
  must be the second referendum . 
  and the third one if failed again, 
  dugin is just a supported freak . 
  but very educated freak . 
  some of his lectures are really awesome , if divide the facts from the rave, 
  oh , there are many russians who completely hate their own country . 
  especially in the internet . 
  especcially on the foreign sites . 
   bulgaria was always ally with germany ( in both wars ) check your facts on wikipedia , at least ... oh i used it in a meaning `` against russia '' . 
  sry , in russian `` with '' can be used in this sense, 
  we 've the same, 
   sadly this will continue to happen , because we keep teaching our children that russia `` freed '' us from the turks , then they `` freed '' us from the nazis . 
  it is strange according to the fact that bulgaria fought with russia in both world wars . 
  patriotically-minded russians call your a betrayers, 
  come on , they are all `` right-wing '' only in european leftish sense . 
  except poland, 
  totally agree . 
  space programmes should be sponsored by benefactors, 
  i thought vk is the most popular in ukraine and belarus too, 
  propaganda or not does n't matter . 
  it is not historical fact, 
  are you reading it in hystorical book ? 
  something tells me that you are just listened it somewhere and repeat, 
   men , women and children alike - when they reached germany proper in 1944 and 1945 shit without any strong evidence, 
  strange logic - refugees are leaving our countries =  we will not allow them to settle here maybe you should invite them and anyway they 'll leave ? 
  i missed something ? 
  is british economy already fucked up ? 
  hmm , i 'll not argue , really , if you 'll stop your hypocracy after that, 
  democracy does n't mean universal suffrage, 
  hmm they called for the murdering any russian on their revolution before the crimea occasion, 
  i really do n't understand what author tried to tell . 
  looks like he comletely does n't understand why people respond in this way, 
  but if we 'll look to the polls and votes , we 'll see different picture, 
  now it is only artificial tie . 
  serbians , in the majority , do n't like russians and do n't support russia 's politics . 
  russians think that they like serbians , but nobody knows anything about serbia . 
  goulash is very common in our ration - never thought it is hungarian lol, 
  it was not once , but not long, 
  how unexpected ( no ), 
  debatable question - ukrainans on their revolution called for killing russians long before crimea 's occasion our governemnt do it , you are right . 
  does it change something ? 
  i ca n't belive that people can choose everything, 
  humanism is not in our tradition . 
  enemy is enemy, 
  what does it mean `` free expression '' ?
