  common people yes . 
  those , who really like tea , no . 
  maybe in their rivers tea instead of water , idk, 
  notice that people here are much less excited about musk ideas than in russian internet . 
  that 's really interesting, 
  smaller nations think in the most beneficial way , it is pretty simple, 
  i have the same nubmers for poland and bulgaria ( literally the same , in my previous post i wrote from memory ) . 
  for ukraine i [ still have ] ( https://pp.userapi.com/c836726/v836726000/48efd/ihvfi-agupy.jpg ) 2.7 k, 
  i suppose google just counts the results , where these words are separated . 
  for the '' '' ( exact match ) requests , 2.7 k for ukraine , 3.2 k for poland , 33k for bulgaria . 
  39 ( only ) for chechia, 
  the oiriginal is about bulgaria . 
  maybe there are some modifications , but i 've never heard them irl it does n't make sense for poland though . 
  it is not about imperial ambitions or something , it is about an opportunity for soviet people to be on holiday in bulgaria, 
  all slavic languages are beautiful ( especially when they are written in cyrillic ), 
  the fact that russia violated the law does n't allow ukrainians to do whatever they want, 
  which side are you on ? 
  from those who can manipulate with it, 
  i do n't support the violations of the international law . 
  it does n't justify ukrianians though . 
  i just hope that sometimes we will not speak about gay problem . 
  everybody should be judged in the same way , to feel contempt to gays is not part of descrimination of gays . 
  if i 'm free to hate blondes , why should n't i be free to hate gays ? 
  if they do n't feel comfortable in my society , they can change it . 
  the worst meme ever really, 
  looks scary, 
  did n't you guys tired of this shit yourself ? 
  really, 
  i 'm sure russia does n't care will you watch it or not, 
  oh , i have no doubt , considering what is your current form of government . 
  but after the 2014 occasions it became much easier to offend russia or russian people for all of europe . 
  so to try destroy russia is morally justified , good point . 
  you are basically a fascist, 
  the statement that soviets were worser than nazies is relatively new . 
  i hope you pray every night for it, 
  propably they were just made by some dumbass , not by putin personally , you can also find russian billboards with wehrmacht tanks on 9 may, 
  yes the are trying to bring about the downfall of eastern civilization . 
  people should be free to express their own opinions and views , even if it does n't fit to your beuatiful progressive world . 
  it is you who does n't fit to the community , not others , so it is you who should change something in your life ( propably move to the more liberal country ) . 
  cases of real violence should be investigated on an equal footing with all , there are no excuses for the police that do n't investigate the case just because the victim is gay . 
  like all other people they should respect others , they are not unique in this, 
  because the best way to stabilise something is west bombs and west money to dissidents , we all know it, 
  what romaina do ? 
  jesus , who are they then ? 
  brave fighters for independence ? 
  what a fucking world where we live in , sometimes i ca n't believe . 
  r/europe : where we unconditionally believe to any of the anti-putin sources, 
  sometimes propaganda based on truth . 
  there is a third way though but you guys would n't aprrove it, 
  actually ukrainians singed `` death to russians '' long before crimea or donbass occasions, 
  that 's sad for you , you should learn from baltics ' more, 
  why do n't we blame people bacause they vote wrong ??? 
  democracy defender in a nutshell, 
  you mistakes a lot if you think that it is common russian view, 
  putin is n't a dicatator proof, 
  what about womanspreading, 
  til poland has thier own geopolitics, 
  it does n't look bad , even the doors can be closed, 
  it is n't only sohr, 
  they are not butthurt about anything btw, 
  plan something else ? 
  we have a good example in botswana , but the country is too small, 
  also ukraine ( in europe ) and moldova ( in europe ), 
  not neccecarily , soviets were talanted propagandists . 
  but yeah , it should be proofed, 
  as long as they are young, 
  patriotism, 
  it looks a bit hypocritical . 
  people want to destroy their destructive culture , but do n't want to show it . 
  but religion is not only about to believe or not, 
  but why is it called islam ? 
  it makes no sense to me , why do n't just spread atheism, 
  first of all it means lack of private property , it is hard to imagine europe without it, 
  poles actually did many shit to east slavs too, 
  what ? 
  i repeat - i do n't claim anything , just my personal view . 
  these numbers are not something that i argue with, 
  just because it sounds , i use only common sense here . 
  the number of multiple millions is bullshit , i am sure of it , and you can find historian who would agree with me . 
  the numbers lesser than 100k look like denial of reality . 
  i do n't claim that this is correct , just my view ( it is n't important here ), 
  why ? 
  there were investigation about the numbers of raped german women . 
  but this investigation used awful methodology that is n't currently used anywhere . 
  so it should n't be considered as a fact . 
  i do n't claim anything , but it at least sounds reasonable . 
  because it is pretty obvious that the actual numbers are higly inflated because of lack of proper methodology of counting, 
  i do n't have but at least it looks sensibly . 
  what we know is that we ca n't count the number of victims by simple generalization, 
  i do n't agrue with the fact of rape , but with enourmous implausible numbers of millions raped women . 
  i can agree with 300-500k, 
  the methodology that was used to count the victims of this rape was awful, 
  the problem with north korea is not their dictatorship , but that they are poor as fuck, 
  the director was n't belarus but it is about belarus and in belarusian language . 
  \u0411\u0435\u043b\u0430\u0440\u0443\u0441\u044c\u0444\u0456\u043b\u044c\u043c helped to do it , so it can be called belarusian i think . 
  actually it is soviet film, 
  not this shit again . 
  stop it . 
  despite many econimic problems , belarus is n't really poor country as it supposed to think . 
  belarus has good relashionship with both russia and ukraine .
