  does eu so stable now to decide things like this ? 
  does it forbid me to comment it ? 
  what eu countries are you talking about ? 
  ban them for actions like this , if you want . 
  if you do n't want , do n't ban . 
  what 's problem ? 
  so the problem is with gov , not with parties ? 
  is it not obvious ? 
  i can understand your feelings , but is it what eu really needs to do ? 
  who exactly is interested in it ? 
  do n't you have your own problems ? 
  actions like this can only separate eu people from each other, 
  even higher than in xiii century ? 
  they are good in lost of trade partners, 
  what kind of reaction did you expect ? 
  tell me . 
  i suppose that reaction from rural trump supporters also was n't pleasant, 
  where the fuck was i angry ? 
  do you think that disabled people should getting advantages only for being disabled ? 
  would it be fair for the rest ? 
  and they were right , are n't they ? 
  it is not a disgusting cynicism , it is cynicism for the justice . 
  somebody wanted poland , so turkey has a chance, 
  i read somewhere in our internet that these are the west deals . 
  so that not all so clearly !, 
  what does it mean - helpless . 
  russian people every time voted for them . 
  it is strange to doubt in it, 
  for me rights are for authoritarian , traditional society with free market . 
  lefts are for free , progressive society with closed market . 
  so , exactly what commies did in russia ? 
  interesting right-wing ideal, 
  nothing good, 
  for poland or only for polish leftists ? 
  are n't right-wings support free market ? 
  when some west guy start to praise russians , it still looks like we are the second-rate people in his eyes . 
  if you want to know something particular about 8 march in 1961 - only a month separate it with gagarin 's flight, 
  i do n't understand the question . 
  march here is a month . 
  8 march is a international women day, 
  yeah . 
  maybe evening school, 
  putin ca n't fly all day through russia and make all decisions . 
  he is completely support the united russia , but i doubt that he directly controlls all their work . 
  i think that all that is needed from them is to be loyal, 
  it is a long russian tradition . 
  we have a proverb - tsar is good , boyars are bad, 
  i lost the topic , sorry . 
  on that logic we can detach half of our regions, 
  putin ? 
  what exactly putin do in that way ? 
  i do n't find it positive . 
  it will be positive when our economy would n't depend on oil prices so high, 
  nobody wants to live in a poor , destroyed country only for democracy . 
  democracy is n't a goal , financial growth is . 
  and there are no correlation between these factors , there are studies on this topic, 
  you should understand that russia does n't have strong democratic institutes . 
  russia does n't have a strong nation . 
  democracy in russia will due only to chaos and poorty , like in venezuela . 
  if we wa n't to live better , we need an authoritarian ruler who will change direction and begin to make us europeans ( is it worth ? 
  disputable ) . 
  like it was in south korea , singapoure , japan . 
  imperial russia also did it , so, 
  we are completely opposite to what west means under `` gender equlity '' but our women also work at a factory, 
  it should be a proletarian revolution . 
  it never ends well, 
  come on , we have a lot of opposition mass media in internet , almost nobody check western news even among people who disagree with the authorities . 
  btw it due to the idealisation of it , they speak as if western journalists 've never been biased and always tell us the absolute truth . 
  are you so naive ? 
  how the hell it will end suffering . 
  it 'll due to the another giant crisis for decades, 
  this title , what the fuck . 
  are your ok ? 
  who is `` human '' to you ? 
  how do you divide humans from non-humans . 
  all your ideology based on this division ( not only biological ) , but i find it the same belief as the things that you critisize . 
  all these statements about human rights only matters if we will consider that `` humans '' have some \u0441hristian `` soul '', 
  in this authoritarian meanings human rights should n't be exist . 
  there are no rules that can be suitable to all people, 
  the rise of nationalism does n't appear out of nothing . 
  it always based on the needs of major reforms, 
  i do n't understand why you are so happy about it . 
  macron looks to me like just a postponing of changes , that is demanded in your society . 
  am i wrong ? 
  nobody now can tell what will happen to eu itself , when ukraine will ready to join it . 
  it is not the stablest time we leaving through . 
  the process of joining is very long . 
  the rise of nationalism is always paired with the necessity of large reforms . 
  it happens when all countries are dissatisfied with their position in the world . 
  last time it was in 80-s , due to thatcher and reagan . 
  and it was many times before . 
  more posts like that and fillon supporters will choose le pen instead of macron, 
  even miss your russophobic context ( really sad that such petty people constitute the majority here ) , it would be also true to rephrase your statement as `` su existance was greatest tragedy to the russia '', 
  when it goes beyond the boundaries of your state, 
  he was n't extreme right , if we use common sense of these concepts . 
  at least the reliance of his power was ordinary , worker people . 
  it is the myth that was forced by left french philosophers, 
  i made a mistake , not homosexuality , but rights of homosexuals  it 's not like you can turn from gay to straight or vice versa . 
  i think homosexuality is complicated phenomenon . 
  for some gays you are right , for some not,
