  triggered !, 
  it was war preparations , it is pretty simple for me . 
  finland was n't easy to beat , we 've lost much more than expected . 
   there was no great war in sight yet in 1939 ? 
  are you kidding ? 
  read about deporation of germans, 
  the aim was to move the border from leningrad , who cared about finland in the run-up to the big war, 
  btw i protest !, 
  we have much more reasonable system of potato-jokes - all of them are belongs to belarus . 
  it makes much more sense , who the hell here invented that latvia is potato-queen ? 
  keep in touch, 
  so what ? 
  democracy is n't ideal and appropriate to all . 
  i do n't like `` full democracy '' . 
  i think that you should gain the right to vote only if you pay more taxes than receive subsidies . 
  that was an investigatement about it , but i 'm lazy to find it . 
  besides singapur it is also a south korea under general park . 
  spain under franco ( but only for a some period ) had big success . 
  today 's china . 
  free market can exist without democracy . 
  ok i 'll try to find some information in russian and ask some historian, 
  do you know how people solved their problems in novgorod , when voices were divided ? 
  with the fists . 
  also novgorod abandoned democracy of its own free will . 
  when moscow conquered it , most of the its civilians were really happy about it, 
  i do n't agree . 
  it was n't like we earned more money because of them . 
  we all earned less because of uneffective policy, 
  i want some sourse about it, 
  economically - yes , how it ca n't be confirmed ? 
  all we see the results, 
  nato is american project , not all of your decisions we are support ( personally i support most of it , except this shit in yugoslavia , that was horrible ) , but my countrymates will be dissatisfied . 
  anyway it would be waste of money , mostly from your side . 
  of course, 
  lol . 
  maybe because western germany were growth under much better economic system ? 
  have n't you think about it ? 
  i did n't say that usa helped them a lot, 
  is it so huge danger that the world 's biggest armies should unite against it together ? 
  it is n't about democracy , it is about institutes . 
  you ca n't find in our history period , when our corts were fair , our officials were clear , our laws were executable . 
  thanks to soviets we missed the time , when it should be formed . 
  ukraine has the same problems , even more notable, 
   russia is free to join nato if it pulls out of crimea , donetsk , southern ossetia and abkhazia . 
  wtf man . 
  what 's the reason of existing nato , if we 'll join it, 
  it is n't about a blame something , or who is guilty for that . 
  it does n't matter really . 
  it is about understanding the processes that is going on in russia ( if you want ), 
  democracy is n't directly correlated with living standarts, 
  are you kidding ? 
  we gave these countries much more money ( maybe without our control they would earn more , but it is different question ) . 
  do n't be stupid, 
  maybe sometimes trump will mix up them, 
  `` neoliberals '' for socialists , `` left-liberals '' for fascists . 
  they are just too boring for these groups of people, 
  and usa !!, 
  russians are historically close to their government . 
  people here should understand that russians , who are trying to communicate with western world , in general , not the common russians . 
  yeah man i undestood that you ca n't live in a world where russia exist, 
  you should n't . 
  just call it by its name . 
  and i do n't think that all people around the world should know it, 
  it 's a hate to anything right-wing, 
  the saddest destiny got to russians in central asia, 
  but we have much more people . 
  france is also very rich compare to us . 
  i think here the situation is reverse . 
  people do n't care about polish government , but we have many bad stereotypes about poles . 
  i can agree that without other reforms it would be meaninngless . 
  but it is one of the main reason why we have so high taxes ( for our economy ) . 
  it strongly inhibits economic growth, 
  which period of russian statehood you do n't hate ? 
  the beginning of xvii century ? 
  it is n't only about putin , all our history is terrible for reddit user 's . 
  all `` about russia '' threads are full of offended ukrainians , baltics , poles . 
  i believe it too . 
  it is obvious to me . 
  they look at the history from very anti-russian biased view, 
  another `` russia is bad '' map . 
  how inventive, 
  i suppose that most of the people you call putinbots , are real people . 
  maybe 10 % of them are really paid . 
  which views and opinions are unquestionable ? 
  if he would dead , he would n't care ? 
  people live less because of lack of proper medical service , not because we are genetically faster getting old, 
  officially we are called russian federation , but most of people call our country russia . 
  and we do n't have any issues . 
  i do n't understand your problem, 
  i do n't know . 
  we have 60/55 . 
  and it is fucking low , for the country , that should work more than everybody else . 
  is n't it already 60 ? 
  i expected funny meme , not the article : /, 
  it looks like an average ukrainian 's view . 
  but i 'm sure  95 % of them do n't understand most of these notes . 
  if you do something like this , you should at least include well-known stereotypes, 
  wtf how it can be not allowed . 
  your shops are closed at sunday or what, 
  shahorable 's view of europe,
