  it would be russian pinachet lol ), 
  i understand it , but still not enough for such title . 
  misleading article . 
  he did n't said it , he compared the methods . 
  our country is big and i think it was also the aim to specify each our big region in some sport . 
  siberian teams are traditionally more rich and strong in hockey , f.e. 
  biathlon is very popular in russia , sad that our current results are far from the best, 
  biathlon, 
  i like the idea that we are asians , who is brought up as europeans . 
  khanty-mansiysk is in asia , not europe . 
  should n't be here, 
  the implementation of any russian ideas could led to the misery for them . 
  besides , maybe , the ideas that can completely destroy russia as a country . 
  the problem is not ideas , the problem is big problematic neighbour with big army . 
  by the way , `` nothing but misery '' sounds stupid, 
  until results of these referendums would n't be counterfeit , all is ok . 
  not totalitarian , but democratic . 
  people themselves decided to gave eu power to control market and movement . 
  and they can always change the decision . 
  but eu already united them, 
  and maybe they were right, 
  after what `` that '' ? 
  what changed after this ? 
  gays will unite europe, 
  if to count all surrogate alcohol , that 's right . 
  samogon is still pretty popular . 
   is it discussed a lot in russia as a crises or no ? 
  do n't think so . 
  more wealthy russians usually do n't face with this problem . 
  and , to be honest , they do n't care how much people will die from this . 
  it is normal to find in the upvoted comments , under this news on russian , something like `` just a natural selection '' . 
  less wealthy just do n't find it so unnormal . 
  it sounds overestimated . 
  only poor ended alcoholics drink it , we 've a lot of them , but not 10 % of population , i guess . 
  this shit kills you so fast , that if it is right , we would have become extinct, 
  let 's be honest - you are already happy, 
  ca n't find it in your article . 
  and russia , of course , did n't do it . 
  no reason for . 
  maybe separatists or ukrainan army - facts say that more likely separatists, 
   what the russian army heroes do . 
  brought from russia = / = crashed by russia, 
  maybe they are fight , but to think that all ( or most of the ) soldiers on that side are russian regular army is just stupid, 
  no more :( . 
  now she is just a duma deputy . 
  and her rating fell after several contradictory statements, 
  google translate : access to the site can be blocked on the territory of ukraine . 
  prosecutor 's office of crimea has opened a criminal proceedings against the booking.com website `` for trafficking in stolen . '', 
  this was reported by people 's deputy gregory logvinsky . 
  `` the dutch company booking.com ... actively cooperates with the gang of impostors power , but also openly advertises , makes transactions and sells accommodation in stolen ukraine crimea sanatoriums and hotels . 
  the insolence comes to the fact that sell tickets , even in the '' depressed `` at the verkhovna rada and the . 
  administration of the president of the sanatorium , actually stealing money from the higher authorities of ukraine accordingly , it is an accomplice of the crime under article 332-1 , 191 of the criminal code of ukraine, 
  you really believe that your armies fought only versus russian forces ? 
  how can you even imagine that , i do n't understand . 
  i do n't deny that russian forces play significiant role in this war , but radikal opinions like that are just weird . 
   not sure if ambassador counts as one . 
  should we fear about our embassy in ukraine ? 
  at least two and both are quite big . 
  does n't mean anything , just a tradition, 
  google translate : ukrainian mp volodymyr parasyuk vnefraktsionnyh unexpectedly responded to the murder of the russian ambassador andrei karlov in ankara . 
  on his facebook page , he wrote that the killer - 22-year-old policeman , disgruntled russian policy in syria - can be called a hero . 
  `` when a person with my life is ready to go to extreme measures , for the idea , for the sake of truth , we can say with confidence - hero '' - parasyuk said . 
  later deputy in the comments under the post attributed to that hero is a murderer ambassador for his people . 
  former police officer killed by shots in the back of the charles . 
  he was later killed special forces . 
  it is a prerequisite, 
  that 's the main what we need to know from this news, 
  depend on what do you put in this term . 
  if you used it in philosophy sense , you are right . 
  but i meant far-right directionality of the apf, 
  party against which this protest, 
  but this party looks like real fascists, 
  warplanes should were given in 1999, 
  was it neccesary to break the law for this protest ? 
  99 % of europeans are already anti-fascist, 
  without this system both you and me would have never existed . 
  maybe as a slave of some german, 
  was i wrong ? 
  so ... look at the comments now . 
  and tell me i was wrong, 
  so ... look at the comments now, 
  very convenient . 
  much easier to hate foreign conqueror than to hate your own country, 
  they claim that they were occupied, 
  another post only for discussing how awful was soviet regime, 
  it is oxymoron . 
  `` war crimes '' are the crimes versus western world, 
  of the last 1000 years i can say, 
  to be a woman in russian male prison ? 
  seems not like a good plan, 
  why ? 
  what good is it ? 
  i 'm not argue , but ca n't understand, 
  it 's bad because it prevents to build ideal left-wing world - world with democracy in any state , world without wars and military conflicts . 
  to be honest - we do n't so much talk about estonia and other baltics . 
  as for me , i found out that `` fascists live in estonia '' only recently . 
  and i 'm sure that many of my friends do n't know it, 
  i like how polish ( and other slavic languages ) sounds , but it is too monotonously . 
  i 'm really do n't understand how your can speak everyday on language with too many hissing sounds, 
  i feel like i 'm living in 1984 when only jihadists on the other side can somehow justify authoritarian type of board and war versus separatism .
