  what exactly he destroyed, 
   around 15k from 250k . 
  only those who deserted, 
  we are haunted by a ghost , the ghost of communism, 
  just to make you sure that you are bad in cycling, 
  why ? 
  what 's wrong with him ? 
  what will changed ? 
  nah , facebook is horrible, 
  i found [ this ] ( https://vk.com/live_ukr ) page . 
  propably this site under foreign occupation . 
  we should close it, 
  show me russian propaganda on banned sites, 
  when you and your friends are the only power in the world , all of your actions would be legal, 
  for the 20 years the usa was way more agressive than we . 
  nobody cared about it . 
  do n't prevent us from expanding our zone of influence , you wanted to say, 
  eltsin , then putin , then medvedev tried to imrpove relations with west . 
  what did we received in exchange ? 
  all of eastern europe in nato , west leaders support russophobic laws and arrange revolutions near our borders, 
  good relations ca n't exist without mutual respect . 
  russia tried a lot , but it was always one-sided will, 
  it 's like `` do n't mistake putin and united russia for russia '', 
  the most stupid thing that eu should do now - to quarrel with its members, 
   edv\u012bns \u0160nore ( born 21 march 1974 , in saulkrasti ) is a latvian film director and politician . 
  very unbiased view . 
  consume this shit if you want, 
  just repeat `` russia '' and things will change for your will, 
   the maidan popular movement thus began . 
  yanukovych , urged on by putin , quelled the uprising with brutal violence , which left more than 100 dead in the streets of kiev . 
  every day you learn something new on r/europe, 
  actually ukraine started this war, 
  shock, 
   shit what do you prefer ? 
  i tried to use fb ... and i 'm not sure, 
  you are so funny guys , maybe at least check what is banned, 
  28 million people from ukraine are registered in vk . 
  1.3 million are currently online ( almost the same % as for russia ), 
  sometimes rt is the only source that can qualitatively translate some important local news, 
  [ this is ] ( https://vk.com/live_ukr?w=wall-55297091_1026358 ) how directly control looks like, 
  so important information . 
  do n't know how our military will live without it . 
  i doubt that posts that are currently on the bottom of page are downvoted . 
  for new posts the script is different here , i suppose, 
   wow , they downvoted you to oblivion in like a blink of an eye . 
  how do you know it ? 
  rt in banned on r/europe , nobody find it wrong, 
  they ban an resourse , not a possibilty to expess some opinions, 
  what does it mean `` controlled by kremlin '' . 
  the have some influence on it , yes . 
  but you still can find here groups like [ this ] ( https://vk.com/live_ukr ), 
  who cares about these blocks - it is easy to get round them, 
  5 $ is really cheap even for us . 
  if we talk about decent hairdresser, 
  swiss flag always triggers me, 
  really ? 
  it reminds me either flag of extremist organisation or flag of african country . 
  red + black looks very agressive, 
  union jack , for sure finnish and estonian are awesome too, 
  how did he ruin it ? 
  ~ 50 % were against brexit . 
  it is far from `` no support '', 
  in vain did you write it here, 
  so you do n't ask me anything , you just want to tell all us about how much you hate the ussr . 
  keep in touch, 
  because it is funny that 10-15k protests get 1000 upvotes here, 
   do n't you think russia should abandon the usage of communist symbols nowadays i would be really ashamed of this . 
  i 'm not a communist and i think that communism did n't bring russia anything good . 
  but ussr period is still our history , still something that our ancestors built and it should n't be forgotten . 
  if my country will do this , i would stop consider myself as russian and would n't care about anything that is going on here . 
  this country would be dead for me, 
  why do you care, 
  ok thanks , i 'll delete, 
  propably 59 %, 
  is it ok to show russian signs ? 
  i do n't know , maybe it is already forbidden too, 
  upvoted, 
  most russians that i see on this sub can only apologize for their stupid countrymates, 
  why belarus is red . 
  i understand nothing, 
  so stupid, 
   and let 's be frank , we can all name a number of very active users with ru-flair that are far from being friendly to europe and/or ukraine it is more of a myth . 
  serbia can not into eu, 
   how many times it ruled in favor of the russian opposition ( e.g. 
  navalny ) and the russian government basically ignored it ? 
  zero times ? 
  russia fulfills all the requirements of the european court, 
  i can say that `` similar laws to russia '' means nothing , cos problems in russia not with laws , but with its implementation, 
   sometimes nicknamed parasha very quality article, 
  not many . 
  currently he has 320k abstracting from the incident , he is pretty dull schoolchildren-orientated `` cynical '' blogger . 
  and what did you do to stop this war ? 
  the only side that does n't accept negotiations is ukraine, 
  and after that people here talk something about stupid putin trolles, 
  http://usa.mfa.gov.ua/en/legal_aspects downvote yourself, 
  where did you find propaganda, 
  what, 
   georgia triggered, 
  okay maybe it will help ... in 20 years, 
  minor benefit .
