not interested, 
  he has low rating now, 
  i was saying about nmd . 
  sry for the bad english, 
  anyway increasing military potential around our borders it is not a friendly behaviour, 
  anyway it brokes the nuclear parity . 
  most of the disputes between ussr and usa were of that , now it is forgotten . 
  does n't it an act of agression ? 
  national missile defense . 
  not again, 
  nato 's behavior is not friendly too ( not only in recent years ), 
  just a word, 
  ofc people think so , but not because they do n't know history , i 'm sure maybe because your are in nato ? 
  if you are afraid that it will be a casus beli , you should n't . 
  we are not a complete suicidal idiots . 
  sometimes was an impression that we should shame of our soviet history . 
  i 'm not a communist , but i do n't think so . 
  do n't know what is now , maybe worser . 
  anyway i do n't believe that it can help . 
  when i was studying , it was nothing like this textbooks were quite liberal . 
  more than they should , in my opinion, 
  but russia is not rich now, 
  ofc . 
  most of russians do n't support it ( even if they support government on the whole ) so they ask questions, 
  never heard that our history education worse than in europe . 
  the fact that people are searching this , says nothing . 
  it is your misconceptions, 
  in reality the question is why we should we give them money, 
  people just want to know the details . 
  the fact in itself is known . 
  to choose between these two , i will also choose trump, 
  you can try to said that you are gay , somewhere in chelyabinsk and observe the reaction . 
  maybe it will crush your illusions . 
  our culture ( in that meaning ) is very diffrent from europe . 
  much closer to the asia, 
  3 % of jews were the scientists other jews were not the scientists no information about the number of scientists overall that logic it is, 
  okay but how it is directly related to the appearance of villages ? 
  so , many , of what you have listed , absent and is now, 
   a lot of russian villages look almost exactly like this today actually much worse, 
  why are your always completely denie anything that sounds too loud ? 
  on r/europe russians are awful !, 
  but not not not , they ca n't be so awful . 
  it ca n't be true !, 
  i do n't agree with ukraninan guy , but , at least , he is consistent . 
  he does n't fear to say that the majority is thinking . 
  people just want to believe that country has n't lost a great part of the soviet legacy without creating anything of its own . 
  they want to live in mirage , that nothing has changed , supported by the authorities . 
  lived in the su , people were not accustomed to responsibility . 
  they were accustomed to that everything is decided for them . 
  this is what putin exploits, 
  hard to choose among the great soviet actors maybe [ andrei mironov ] ( http://qps.ru/hek74 ), 
  even if she did what she is accused , it is not russia 's buisness there is international court for that cases, 
  i know it , but is it the answer ? 
  i talked about economic orientation, 
  society stands above the individual like in many other eastern countries . 
  this is , in general , typically for the eastern civilizations . 
  do n't understand what exactly surprises you, 
  sry for my eng my question was : what is the conventional wisdom in eu ? 
  what is the conventional wisdom of this tragic events in eu ? 
  i 'm really do n't know, 
  to reselling import products is more efficient than to produce own starting from scratch . 
  it due to the lack of businessmans , who is intersted in it . 
  we 've the same problem but we can at least sell resources i do n't understand why ukraine has not started since 1991 to do everything to please europe . 
  why did they choose pro-russian president in 1994 ? 
  and after kicked him ? 
  such short-sighted throwing . 
  if there are ukrainians here , may be they will explain, 
  soldier 's , who are fighting there , relatives and friends anyway gave some information to the people, 
  so many plane crashes in russia ... 
  i think the significance of the nord stream is overrated . 
  it wo n't influence on global policy, 
  that guys really behave as gay , do n't they ? 
  maybe it is forbidden ? 
  it is just a political realism . 
  i do n't see anything wrong in double standards , if it will help your own country . 
  the strongests impose their rules of the game, 
  he 's old ), 
  odin in not about slavs ? 
  the funniest thing is that they emphasize their slavic origin, 
  therefore , they were forced to be enemies . 
  i think it is different that enemies of the country , enemies of the nation ( to answer the top comment ), 
  there were already precedents, 
  completely agree with you . 
  it has been continuing much more than one century . 
  ant it will end when russia will cease to be russia, 
  were they the enemies ? 
  in this formulation , i can only agree with you . 
  but there are no way to improve it artificially, 
  ca n't understand how it is possible , to erase it . 
  even if you very want, 
  like tom hanks, 
  why `` improving '' must also mean approximation to the european level ? 
  only because your economy is more efficent , than ours ? 
   upgrade their mindset how are you calculated , that one mindset is better than another ? 
  thanks , but it is hard to read my countryman 's article in a foreign language : / i agree with most of the your statements . 
  but i , nevertheless , think , that is not about oil prices . 
  the prices are show resource-oriented economy , show its inefficiency . 
  but if we would count pure losses , this would n't be a critical number . 
  you can see on this graphics , that oil prices did n't go to the absolute minimun - they even went back to the 60-s level, 
   after the oil prices decreased after 1985 , the soviet union 's fiscal condition deteriorated dramatically , causing unrest and eventually leading to its break up .
