  what are the positive stereotypes ? 
  i 'm asking as a foreigner who moved to poland and married a polish woman . 
  your username goes * great * with your comment . 
  anyway , i 'm fairly sure the aussies are training drop bears to go after the emus so it wo n't be too long before the emu is also , ahem , extirpated . 
  famous last word !, 
  the church gets to make the rules for its members , not society , and i am not a member of any church so none of it should apply to me thank you very much . 
  what did they do right ? 
  a lot of roads got built . 
  no one did anything that embarrassed poland on the world stage . 
  we became closer with the rest of the eu . 
  with the above , there has been a lot of foreign companies opening up locations in poland , doing real things like manufacturing and service-type stuff like outsourcing . 
  with the above two , poland 's economy has been one of the very few that has continuously grown throughout the economic downturn . 
  no - have you seen babcia shoving her way on to the tram ? 
  she 'll be the first to pick up a cobblestone and knock someone 's brains out for wearing the wrong thing or worse , not promptly giving up a spot for her to sit in . 
  because we 're part of a bigger community . 
  well , i guess up until 9 pm tonight . 
  i 'm an american that emigrated to poland a decade ago . 
  no one gets on me for bush , they 've never heard of wbc , etc. 
  i have had debates with people about guns and religion in the us , but no one is accusing me of anything nor , in any way , punishing me for anything . 
  the phrase `` what could possibly go wrong '' springs to mind . 
  i 've had a used '98 citro\u00ebn xsara ( 1.8 l petrol w / an lpg kit + 35l tank ) , a new '08 citro\u00ebn c4 ( 1.6 l diesel ) , and now a new '15 vw cc ( 2.0 l diesel , acquired late last year ) . 
  lpg is cheap but even driving carefully the 35l tank did n't give great range and it was a real pita to find lpg outside of poland . 
  it was also annoying because , in poland , you 're not allowed to pump your own lpg ... and because of the different fittings across europe , i found that the adapters tended to leak a bit when filling . 
  not nice . 
  i 've always known that nox was one of the byproducts of diesel fuel combustion ( and that it 's even a bit worse with biodiesel , unfortunately ) but obviously thought it was more or less kept in check . 
  as far as co2 goes , obviously diesels can do an excellent job of keeping that in check . 
  and , as far as pm10 goes , a reasonably well-maintained diesel is n't bad but it is sad to see so many shitboxes spewing black smoke . 
  the 1.6 l diesel in the c4 was n't loud but was n't whisper-quiet either . 
  not really louder than a petrol engine , imo . 
  the 2.0 l diesel in the cc is very quiet and a joy to drive - it 's one of the quietest cars i 've ever driven . 
  oh , and as far as the maintenance goes : we had the c4 for six years and made exactly one visit , each year , to the dealership . 
  the synthetic oil was n't cheap , but other than that we never paid for any diesel-related maintenance as far as i can recall . 
  the first annual maintenance visit for the cc is about to come up but we have n't made any other maintenance-related visits for it , either . 
  i do n't think i 'm ignorant . 
  fyi : just because someone disagrees with you does n't automatically make them wrong ( or left wing ) . 
  they just damaged our image in europe and the world by making us appear to be a bunch of nationalistic , racist , paranoid backwards asshats . 
  po is n't great but at least i did n't feel ashamed to say i was from poland when they were running the show . 
  with pis and that round-faced moron running around ... * sigh * . 
  pis may or may not be wrong but they are * definitely * assholes . 
  true story . 
  my wife and i visited it twice last summer since it was the first taco bell we 'd seen in europe . 
  the only taco bell in reykjavik also seemed to be doing pretty good business , but nothing like dd in this photo . 
  sneakysnakex , you 're one of the good ones . 
  now snatch up those russians !, 
  i 'd say it 's because there appears to be very little skill involved - after all , everyone that has enough money seems to be able to do it - and they 're not hunting deer but going after lions , bears , etc which there tend to be too few of anyway . 
  so when someone has a big , shit-eating grin on their face and is holding up the head of some threatened-status , blood-flecked , glassy-eyed corpse it tends to irritate people because it just seems like they 're doing it because they find it diverting and enjoyable rather than to feed their family . 
  [ amazon ] ( https://www.amazon.co.uk/fazer-salmiakki-milk-chocolate-100g/dp/b004trjfo2/ref=sr_1_5_a_it?ie=utf8&amp;qid=1472148104&amp;sr=8-5&amp;keywords=salmiakki ) . 
  just add some to your next order . 
  the only salmiakki i had that i disliked was a `` super salty ! '', 
  kind that was also rock hard . 
  all the rest i 've enjoyed . 
  salty liquorice and chocolate , though , those things go together very well . 
  i brought some back to poland after a visit to sweden . 
  no one except my boss was willing to try any and he spit it out after about 30 seconds . 
  i personally love salmiakki . 
  there is some chocolate bars with salmiakki filling that is awesome . 
  also , when i visited denmark i tried and loved tyrkisk peber ( * original * ) and also bought a bottle of hot 'n' sweet back with me as well . 
  it 's really not possible . 
  the people that joke about british cuisine being terrible are also joking about poles being stupid , germans being humourless , the french being afraid to fight , and so on ... and believing it . 
  i 've visited 21 countries in europe along with growing up in the us , multiple visits to india , and australia . 
  british food - that is , the native cuisine of the u.k. not food made by people in the u.k. - is as good as any anywhere else . 
  the u.k. may have many problems but getting good food is n't one of them . 
  it 's lrrr , actually . 
  with three r 's . 
  xir just sounds ... made up . 
  yeah , the [ news ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-36634786 ) . 
  probably because a vocal minority of leave supporters think that the referendum win means that everyone in england that is n't white with ancestry going back 20 + generations should be immediately deported . 
  they are not likely to be literally worried although as others have pointed out , professionals with options will look at the political climate in the uk and wonder if it is really such a stable , long-term place for employment/family/life . 
  some of them might be turned off by the persistent immigrant hate and conclude that a bit less cash or prestige elsewhere is a fair trade-off . 
  and we 'll mandate that all periodic tables in the uk must refer to element 13 as aluminum . 
  cause of standards . 
  rejoining is definitely an option - as long as all the other member states vote in agreement . 
  which they only will if they can extract an - pardon the pun - pound of flesh . 
  if they lose , lets see if we can get brussels to force them to drive on the right . 
  it 's one of my favourite features of res - tagging dickheads as dickheads . 
  yeah , ok , being called a nazi is n't nice . 
  so you agree to withdraw your support for committing large scale war crimes and i will talk to the other poster and see if she/he will withdraw their name-calling . 
  then maybe we can go out for beers . 
  i think he was saying that a lot of assholes in the past have rationalised war crimes and that he does n't think much of you for doing the same thing now . 
  you , elsewhere in this thread , have already conceded that sending a bunch of poison pills to isis is not a great idea because some of them could end up in the hands of innocent people . 
  why not just walk away from this one ? 
  as long as pis retains support from the voting population change is n't really possible . 
  it will take awhile before folks wake up and realise that it 's not possible to hand out 500 pln to every family and make cheap homes and everything else that pis wants to do without raising taxes or not spending money on other , less glamorous stuff that people also like ( roads , police , schools , etc ) or someone will find out that they 've been raiding the pension fund or doing something else crooked and * then * will be the time to call new elections . 
  it would also be helpful if , in the meantime , po or someone else put forth a concise list of stuff that pis has fucked up and how they ( po or other ) are going to address those points * and * how they are more than `` we 're not pis '' because we expect that pis 's wrongs need to be addressed but also a different government should have its own ideas on how things should be run other than `` opposite of pis '' . 
  i do not come from licorice land and think that chocolate bars with licorice fillings are stupefyingly awesome . 
  last time i was in denmark a month ago i made a mistake though and bought some `` super salty '' licorice . 
  too salty for me . 
  :( i 'd still try those crisps tho . 
  while at the same time fervently loathing previous governments for , apparently , doing the same thing . 
  the cognitive dissonance is truly astounding . 
  i honestly thought it was mandatory . 
  you 're absolutely right , though , it seems as though * everyone * changes from summer to winter tyres . 
  ... if people drove accordingly there would be like 98 % fewer accidents . 
  several years ago - 7 , 8 ? 
  - i was in norway during constitution day . 
  it was really heartwarming to see so many people that were so happy with their country . 
  tell that to krakow . 
  seems like everyone here bought a filter mask this winter . 
  so not only is there a mix-up with the two counties , even the name is n't spelled correctly . 
  burn !,
