  they specifically requested * bags * of peanut butter m&m s be brought back with me . ), 
  oh a link - citing sources to prove your point , eh ? 
  well , pardon me !, 
  i will just pop over to / r/britain for a moment and cite some sources regarding the quality/taste/abv of american beer and how hershey 's chocolate is n't the only kind made in the us and that there is chocolate from the us as good as or better than lindt !, 
  hell , i 'll even get some links to show how all of those gun-toting religious nut jobs ... ermmmmm ok so that last one may be tricky , but the other two i can cite some sources on , sir , and so you 'd all better stop calling american beer and chocolate disgusting filth , sir !, 
  it 's walia in polish , so that 's something . 
  you 're missing out but that 's life i guess . 
  i 'll never understand why good things are n't more popular , that 's for sure . 
  the last time i was in sweden i happened to spot some brunost ( tine brand i think ? ), 
  and snatched up a big brick of it and brought it back with me in my luggage to poland . 
  luckily it survived the trip just fine . 
  brunost is awesome , but you really ought to try some 20 + month aged cheddar , red leicester , double gloucester , and many more . 
  in the meantime , can you start exporting brunost to poland ? 
  there are no outcries when there is nothing to outcry against . 
  i agree that it 's the driving culture and lack of enforcement that is the problem . 
  i 've spent years watching poles drive , and my conclusion is that they are often either not really paying attention to what is going on around them when they are driving and/or they have a false sense of entitlement . 
  those two things are often coupled with a very dangerous lack of understanding of the laws of physics . 
  the lack of serious enforcement and serious fines allows for poor driving . 
  the fines have been getting tougher in the last few years but they are no where close to putting the fear of god into polish drivers and until that 's the case , people will drive without proper care and caution . 
  the roads are a red herring , of course , because if the roads suck you slow down , not continue on at 90 kph ( or more ) . 
  it 's really simple . 
  i 've heard that `` oh the roads are terrible , that 's why so many die in accidents ... '' argument so many times though ... 
  i assume your comment about germans slowing down on such roads are facetious , otherwise it would be an example of poles failing to recognize a dangerous situation . 
  in poland getting a license requires - off the top of my head - a vision test and a basic medical exam before you 're even allowed to drive with an instructor . 
  then you must spend 30 hours driving with an instructor . 
  in the meantime , there are about 1000 ( not a joke ) questions you need to know the answers to and some of these are truly obscure/minutiae ( knowing how to perform cpr on an infant ) , then after your instructor signs off on your 30 hours of driving you 're allowed to register for an take the written exam ( available in polish or english ) which has 30 ( of the 1000 ) questions on it , after which you may take the practical exam assuming you pass ( passing grade is 85 % correct answers iirc ) . 
  the practical exam may last anywhere from about 45 - 80 minutes , depending on the examiner 's preferences . 
  the practical exam involves city driving along with some basic vehicle maneuvers ( reversing around a corner , pulling into/out of a parking spot , taking off on a hill , etc ) . 
  i believe that you are only allowed two or three small mistakes on the practical exam . 
  i 've also taken the exam in the us ( admittedly it was 20 + years ago ) and found the polish one much more difficult . 
  the cost varies but i think the instructor time is the most expensive , around 1200-1500 pln ( i do n't recall , it 's been awhile ) . 
  the medical tests and exams are each < 100 pln . 
  `` plonkers '' . 
  hmmm ... 
  we like to spread out hate around . 
  if you let it concentrate and focus on just one country like russia then you miss out on a lot of other good countries to hate like the faroe islands . 
  yes . 
  ** they know what they did . 
  definitely not . 
  dressing up , presents , etc happens on the 24th in poland . 
  the 25th is for just hanging out and drinking from 10 am onwards . 
  not only that but there is no meat eaten at all on the 24th . 
  carp is only one of the fish on offer , though , along side herring ( usually prepared a few ways ) and one or two other fish that will turn you vegetarian pretty damn fast . 
  fortunately my in-laws are a tiny bit liberal in this regard and serve some lovely salmon and cod along with the standard issue carp and herring so no veggie-only options for me . 
  i wish , but at this point , i think that most poles have moved far beyond being distrustful of the euro and right over to being outright terrified at the thought of converting to it . 
  it is relatively easy to heat things up and relatively difficult to cool them down . 
  if i 'm cold , i put on a sweater , heavier socks , a hat , etc. 
  if i 'm still too cold , i can go out and shovel snow or go for a run . 
  i 'm i 'm too hot , i get down to shorts and a t-shirt . 
  after that , it 's drinks with lots of ice ( which takes electricity ) , fans , and or at worst sweating a lot and being miserable ... unless you crank up the a/c . 
  i 've been in and out of arlanda a few times this year and thought it was ok in terms of walking distances - at least in that it was no worse than anywhere else . 
  not great , mind you , but not terrible . 
  berlin tegel : i was there because of air berlin and that was the last damn time i 'll ever fly them again . 
  every leg of the flight was 15-20 minutes late taking off with the last leg cancelled requiring an overnight stay . 
  next morning , there were a couple hundred people in the airport with two check-in people for air berlin handling the chaos and , i seem to recall , two security scanners processing them , so we stood around forever . 
  yup , flying in/out of krakow . 
  i do n't think they 've ever lost my luggage . 
  warsaw delayed my luggage once and i think that brussels did once as well . 
  i try not to go through * any * airport when the layover time is less than an hour in case my flight shows up 20 minutes late . 
  i do n't recall missing a flight through fra but i do hate that goddamned long tunnel and the interminable bus rides . 
  at least i have n't gone through it hundreds of times - only maybe 4-5 times a year with munich getting another 4-5 and warsaw getting a few more if i ca n't avoid it . 
  frankfurt sucks . 
  you land and then go on a 25 minute bus ride to the actual airport all while thinking `` why did n't we * fly * here ? '', 
  and then when you get to the airport you find out it 'll be a 1.5 km walk because your flight is invariably on the other side of the airport . 
  it 's been 10 years since i 've gone through cdg and while at the time i thought it was fine , i was surprised to see ( smell ) airport staff casually smoking in the airport . 
  there 's some pretty country up into where the arctic circle crosses sweden , although i think it gets even more beautiful as you go further north and into norway . 
  anyway , check out gunnarn - it 's about 30 km south of storuman and 200 km nw of umea . 
  -21 c right now and they 've got a little hotel and an airport . 
  seems like it might be a nice place . 
  i spent a couple weeks in sundsvall in january and absolutely loved it . 
  brisk weather ( -10 to -15 ) , a bit of snow , and wintery short days . 
  ... and i 'm not being sarcastic ; you guys have good winters . 
  ** auuuuggghhhhhh !!!!!!!, 
  ** this is n't like not knowing how an internal combustion engine works or how to wire a plug , this is about just knowing what 's going on down the road !, 
  rather than making silly things like religion or calculus mandatory in school , we ought to make `` getting passionate about current events '' mandatory instead . 
  i do n't want to think about it . 
  i can accept that people vote differently than i do because they have different priorities or opinions or whatever ... 
  i ca n't accept - i literally ca n't understand how - people have * no idea * what 's going on . 
  to quote futurama , * `` are you familiar with the old robot saying , ` does not compute !, 
  ' '' * a hundred ... no , maybe a hundred and fifty years ago i 'd believe this . 
  i ca n't believe it today , any more than i can believe that anyone takes / r/theworldisflat seriously . 
  if it 's true , it 's depressing . 
  i 'd thoroughly agree with you if you 'd said * if there is one country to accomplish not * ** being affected by ** * the eu , it has to be the uk . 
  * i occasionally hear stuff about politics in australia and i have absolutely no connection to that country . 
  i think that if the statement `` i live in the uk and have never heard of the eu '' is true for someone then the statement `` i live in the uk and never watch the tv news , never listen to the news on the radio , never read a newspaper or even glance at the headlines when i happen to pass by a newsagent 's , my time on the internet is spent at sites that are never affected by or interested in the current events happening 200 miles away in paris/brussels , and any discussions i have with friends , family , or strangers never revolve around the politics of the slightly wider world . '', 
  it is a very improbable set of conditions to have never * heard * of the eu . 
  if op had said that he never * cared * about the eu or never felt * affected by * the eu , i would n't have bothered commenting because it would have seemed ( sadly ) very typical and probable . 
  the daily mail and its readers are bitching and moaning loud enough about the eu for even a zygote to hear about it . 
  my guess is that / u/cheakz is joking because it does n't seem realistically possible to not know about the eu ; that is like living in manchester and not knowing that london exists . 
  agreed . 
  he has a golf course ( or courses ( plural ) ? ), 
  in scotland . 
  maybe you should have let them become independent after all ? 
  i absolutely agree with this assessment . 
  source : american who has lived in poland for 10 years . 
  not everyone under 30 in poland speaks english . 
  of those that speak english , not all do so flawlessly . 
  there are , though , loads of under-30 's that speak english quite well and many more that speak it well enough . 
  i do n't think my fashion sense is all that great . 
  otherwise , yeah .
