  actually , most of what i play these days is board games . 
  most recently , tokaido , forbidden island , and occasionally catan , munchkin , and talisman with a bunch of expansions . 
  nope . 
  i spend the occasional evening in the gnomish mines and beyond , identifying wands/rings/potions / etc , and trying vainly to ward off death . 
  still stuck on nethack . 
  new zealand . 
  australia is nice but nz is just a bit nicer . 
  i lived on the edge , near the czy\u017cyny carrefour . 
  i did n't think it was all that bad , really . 
  a little run-down . 
  i never saw any violence over there , though ... but as i said , i was on the edge of huta so * shrug * . 
  what kind of stuff happens there ? 
  i used to live about 1.5 km to the west of that but never noticed anything . 
  might have been far enough away that we did n't hear a lot of stuff though , i do n't know . 
  india ( bangaluru 2016 , kolkata 2015 ) : a really weird mix of mostly very , very poor and spots of wealth ( hotels , business parks , some shopping centres ) . 
  anyone in a service position is deferential to the point of it being uncomfortable . 
  having just visited the cities ... 
  i know that there are natural areas in india but have never seen them . 
  also , the driving in india is appalling . 
  and it 's usually too hot and humid . 
  australia : brief visit to sydney earlier this year . 
  australians in service positions are quite friendly and helpful . 
  pretty good public transportation system in sydney . 
  i was surprised by the number of asian-looking folks in sydney , it seemed to be around 30 % of the total population and at times ( public transportation ) 80 % . 
  it was too humid for my preference and the internet speeds too low but otherwise a strong contender . 
  yes , it is nice . 
  good square ( rynek ) . 
  i just got a second opinion from a polish friend of mine and she agrees that poznan is very nice and well worth a visit . 
  so there ya go . 
  a few years back i had a chance to visit utrecht ... and it really is a very pretty city . 
  for poland , i think it would be wroclaw . 
  it 's not a huge tourist destination - not like warsaw and krakow - but it 's a very nice city . 
  yeah , i was thinking `` this guy 's from texas , he probably eats mexican or tex-mex food a few times a week not to mention the chilli ... '' i had some `` red hot '' potato soup today at the office canteen . 
  i 'd rate it as 3/10 in terms of heat - around the same amount of heat as you 'd get from tabasco . 
  if i could get a job ( with the same kind of work , security , vacation , commute ) and have the same kind of lifestyle or better , and a home as big or bigger than my current domicile ... my choices in descending order or popularity would be norway , sweden , scotland , ireland , finland , the netherlands , denmark , germany , switzerland , and finally austria . 
  the problem is that the ol' cost/benefit analysis does n't pan out on this one for me , so i 'll stay put in poland . 
  no shit . 
  i live in krakow but keep an eye on british subreddits like / r/britishproblems , / r/ukpolitics , etc. 
  most folks seem to be quintessentially british : down-to-earth , polite , mildly phobic of confrontation , tea-guzzling . 
  then there 's brits in krakow . 
  it seems to be a contest of who can be the loudest goddamned drunken stag/hen party-having morons and the losers are everyone in their vicinity . 
  i have a hard time imaging that it 's that bad in the uk ; i 've visited - most recently spring of 2015 - and i do n't recall such obnoxious behaviour . 
  ps : i 've seen poles elsewhere , especially in ireland . 
  they are n't winning any medals for being model citizens but , generally speaking , the ones i have seen have been ok . their worst sin is that they forget that there are * other * poles around who know polish and , but for the grace of god , are spared having their heads caved in with any handy heavy object in retribution their poorly chosen comments . 
  it 's true for the western us . 
  basically , from colorado to the pacific ocean - i think all of those states have at least some wilderness areas where if you really want to get lost ... you can get lost . 
  i guess i 'm in the `` not practising '' category . 
  i grew up in a village about a 45 minute drive from portland , lived there as a young adult for 6 years , and now live in krakow , poland . 
  i 've been here just shy of 12 years ( i 'm getting close to 40 ) . 
  - portland 's central business district - the couple dozen blocks around courthouse square - are very much business-oriented . 
  if you want to meet up with friends for drinks or food , you are probably doing so a bit elsewhere . 
  seems i always met everyone on the other side of the river . 
  - it 's still weird to me that , here , schools and sports do n't go hand-in-hand but i guess it works out here . 
  i just do n't feel that < 18 sports are all that important here but even in oregon such events are reasonably well-attended by other students and parents , and if its a popular sport like american football or basketball then it is often very well attended . 
  i do n't have kids though so do n't know if my feeling about such attendance here is correct or not . 
  - your host parents must not have been drinkers . 
  when in high school i have an exchange student friend from denmark . 
  when he was getting ready to return they threw a huuuuge party for him . 
  they took our keys and let us get drinking . 
  just one example . 
  your insight here , though , is generally correct . 
  - regarding the social fabric : it all depends . 
  out where i grew up , i 'd say that most folks knew most other folks . 
  my cousin was a volunteer firefighter , neighbours would help out other neighbours with summertime chores ( hay cutting and bailing in particular ) , etc. 
  i 'd say that , at least in poland , families are way more close . 
  too close sometimes , at least from my pov . 
  it 's weird when people still live with family and are 24-25 . 
  - regarding your mobility comment : yeah , stuff is closer and ( i think ) people tend not to move around as much . 
  plus , public transportation here is a magnitude better . 
  - i do n't watch polish tv , but i stopped watching american tv more than a year before i finally left because i got so sick of how insipid it generally was and how , specifically , the commercials were . 
  polish tv commercials seem to be all about how shitty you feel and how some otc medication will sort it out . 
  :p - stuff here is open on sundays , thank the good lord . 
  extra comments : - most people in europe - although i will exclude finland , sweden , and norway from this - have no idea what being really alone in nature is like . 
  i miss being able to do that sort of thing ; driving for an hour or 90 minutes and being able to get away from everyone else if you feel like it . 
  - many things are more sane in europe . 
  in the us , it 's dog eat dog and the winner takes all . 
  there 's less of that here . 
  it 's not that there 's none of that , far from it , just a bit more compassion . 
  medical care is often covered , the police tend not to shoot first , many politicians and regular folks are interested in being green ( often to save money , but then again electricity is expensive so do n't waste it ) , and so on . 
  - poland , for being so catholic , does n't have poles wearing it on their sleeves like you see so often in the us . 
  no one has ever , once , gotten preachy with me . 
  virtually no one starts babbling about god/bible/whatever . 
  - there are hundreds of additional comparisons , but this is plenty . 
  it 's one of the two sports i actually like ( other being ice hockey ) but i would n't call it very popular ... anywhere . 
  they 've held wrc events in poland a few times in the last few years and i think they 've been well-attended , so that 's something . 
  the only other motorsports i like is wtcc . 
  as to why wrc is n't very popular in the us : there 's no accounting for taste . 
  it ca n't help , though , that no wrc events are ever held in the us . 
  poland : the block of flats i live in was finished about five years ago and the office building i work in was completed less than 10 years ago . 
  did n't go inside anywhere else today . 
  it would be nice if , in addition to nationality , there was also a `` country of residence '' . 
  nationality is about , very simply , who issued your passport ( s ) . 
  country of residence then covers folks that have immigrated but not yet obtained citizenship . 
  kebab if i 'm out , welsh rarebit if i 'm drinking at home . 
  the test sounds silly but having visited india twice it does n't sound unrealistic . 
  indeed , i ( from krakow ) even saw a black guy today and two people that looked like they were from the middle east . 
  multi-cultral woohoo !, 
  i 'm an american in poland . 
  i 'm male , under 40 , atheist , and an immigrant . 
  between the american part and the atheist part i 'm a minority but as long as i keep my mouth shut it is n't immediately obvious .
