do they actually deny it ? 
  poland . 
  my comment was fairly broad but , personally , i agree with you . 
  i do n't even put on a ski hat until -10 , but i 've seen italians in full scarves-winter coats-gloves when it was 21 in october , so it is relative . 
  ps : a/c is rare in homes here , so it 's 27 inside right now . 
  the fan does not do enough . 
  celsius is simple and nice . 
  5 - cool . 
  10 - a little cool , but still comfortable unless you are from some hot place . 
  15 - warm-ish but not quite shorts weather . 
  20 - close enough for shorts but long trousers are still fine too . 
  25 - most people think the weather is very nice . 
  30 - it 's too warm . 
  35 - it 's too hot . 
  40 - what is this , riyadh ? 
  45 - seriously , it 's hotter than it is in riyadh and it 's 50 % humidity , we must nuke the sun . 
  50 - this is the lowest temperature my oven goes to . 
  maybe it was warmer there that day ; it was 35 where i was at . 
  also , i 'm sure there are a bunch of studies that show that you can get heat stroke in 30c + but even if there are n't it 's still relative and maybe there were loads of people from norway , iceland , and some of the more obscure ( northernly ) canadian provinces there . 
  i 've been to auschwitz and live in poland . 
  yes , there are some negative connotations to this , but what are they supposed to do ? 
  let people stand around when it 's 35c ? 
  hand out ice lollies/popsicles ? 
  any solution will have negative connotations - it 's a negative kind of place - but at least they did something nice . 
  that was really inappropriate . 
  i upvoted . 
  pretty much like it is everywhere else . 
  we work , we go home , we have a beer and watch cartoons on netflix . 
  actually , tonight , it 's margaritas ( resposado tequila , grand marnier , a tiny bit of agave syrup , and some fresh-squeezed lime juice ) and slacking on reddit but you get my drift . 
  mmmmm homogenised . 
  anyway , yay , i 'm one of the three percent in poland helping to keep the country interesting . 
  i knew it was something like that but could n't remember and did n't feel like trying to find out for sure . 
  you meant to post in / r/europeans or , perhaps , / r/racistdrivel . 
  would the us ? 
  when my wife and i were looking for a place in krakow , we discounted anything too close to a church because we knew it would drive us insane . 
  briefly held ... what , long enough to get some autographs and share a joint with him ? 
  of course snoop dogg has been using illegal drugs , sheesh . 
  yeah , wtf . 
  are oil rigs just floating giant klieg lights ? 
  wow , i 've never been so happy to hear that we 're not cultural enough . 
   https://www.facebook.com/kavoswasready/timeline * `` contrary to what the national press have said i am not a fed up local greek ... 
  i am very much a brit and this page is not an attempt to shame brits , it is indeed a badge of honour !!, 
  wear it with pride !!!!, 
  that does n't happen . 
  we know that young russian professionals have plenty of good , well-paid jobs in russia . 
  there is no reason for them leave . 
  they do not leave . 
  all is well in russia , it is a springtime of light and happiness . 
  * they 're on vacation !, 
  * how many times do they have do they have to launch mortar attacks to make this clear ??? 
  i live in poland . 
  last winter we turned the heat on when it got down to 16c inside ... so we turned the heat on maybe four times that winter for a day or two at a time . 
  the rest of the time we just dressed up a bit . 
  lately , though , it 's been in the mid-30 's and our little budget standalone a/c unit has been running continuously and it 's still about 27c ( and 50 % humidity ) inside the flat . 
  not very nice . 
  sorry - i get serious when it comes to my alcohol budget . 
  shop around - there are good deals to be had on vodka . 
  i always try to stock up when makro 's got something nice on offer . 
  we 're in the top 2 !, 
  yay , poland representing !, 
  ps : i 'm being facetious , they were probably just tourists that got a tiny bit drunk and alarmed the local police with their playful antics . 
  usa ( oregon ) , poland , probably poland but i 'd consider sweden , norway , finland , or scotland . 
  yup . 
  there wo n't be a chance to get that park back - you ca n't just plonk down 30 year old trees - but that goddamned supermarket could have been put * anywhere * . 
  so now the traffic will be worse , people will get to shop at a joyless craphole , and the government will wonder why lots of people do n't move back to poland to raise children . 
  who establishes the `` safe zones '' in libya ? 
  what if they do n't feel like doing that ? 
  also : `` safe zone '' sounds like `` camps '' which end up being `` a shithole full of crime and corruption that you will do anything to escape '' from . '', 
  the people on those boats know those boats are n't very safe , but they do it anyway because being poor in europe is a hell of a lot better than being poor where they are coming from . 
  they wo n't have to worry about diseases as much nor crime as much and they wo n't have to worry about their personal safety as much . 
  these are extremely powerful motivators and turning back boats or telling them they are going to end up in an asylum center in europe does n't sound like the worst deal ever to them . 
  it will take far , far , far more in aid - monetary and non-monetary - to get the places these people are coming from to stop leaving . 
  there are , effectively , no alternatives . 
  saying `` turn the boats back '' or `` let them drown '' or `` no asylum for illegal immigrants '' or any forceful measure will be politically very unpopular - normal people do not like illegal immigrants but they also have a bit of compassion and know that these people need help and if they reach europe then we 're obliged to help them . 
  otherwise , we end up looking like stingy , hypocritical dicks and rightly so . 
  also : while some immigrants are lazy bastards , so are some of any group . 
  most of them want jobs because they have some self esteem . 
  living off the government is not the path to the good life - not for citizens nor immigrants . 
  i lol 'd at this . 
  obviously , the answer is the gentlemen beggars that used to be lounging about , not like the poorly-dressed , haggard types you get these days . 
  following the thread then , it 's the former british beggars that have taken the jobs . 
  * bastards * . 
  when the government is your main healthcare provider , it is in its best interest to keep its citizens healthy . 
  things my girlfriend and i have argued about by mil millington . 
  i 've also had a bunch of audiobooks on at work , one discworld after another . 
  nothing deep or heavy right now . 
  yay , poland is better than the us !, 
  i like how , in the summary of where we landed ( 3 - average openness ) poland was one of six countries in that category that they could n't be bothered to say anything about . 
  so , doing it myself : looking at the specific scores we received , though , it looks like the score ( 3.8 ) was significantly pulled down due to a 3.0 for trade openness and the fact that trade openness is weighted at 35 % of the overall score . 
  our trade policy score ( 4.6 , also weighted at 35 % ) brought things back up fdi openness ( 3.6 , 15 % ) brought it down a bit and trade-enabling infrastructure ( 4.2 , 15 % ) brought it back up again . 
  it is curious to see that poland scores the same as portugal for `` trade-enabling infrastructure '' but in the [ logistics performance index ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2zw332/europes_logistics_performance_index_2014/ ) we did n't score as well as portugal ( there portugal scored a 3.37 whereas poland received 3.08 ) . 
  dang , poland was .01 away from green . 
  hopefully , though , we get there next time as there has been a lot of money going into infrastructure . 
  in poland the minimum charge used to be 10 pln ( around 2 eur ) so it was n't too bad , but now with lots of nfc paypass-enabled terminals , it seems like the minimum charge thing has gone away . 
  just about everywhere will take cards . 
  restaurants , clothing/goods retailers , grocery stores , etc will take card payments . 
  if you ( or someone from a hotel/hostel ) orders a taxi for you , be sure to state that you will want to pay with a card . 
  if you 're getting a taxi off the street ( there are taxi stands around the city ) be sure to ask before getting in if paying with card is ok . 
  the only thing i 'd say is that if you 're doing a bar crawl , have some cash just in case . 
  many are happy to take a card and if you have an nfc paypass-enabled card , even better .
