  i do n't see it as a `` growing up '' thing ... it 's just that families are so , so tight here . 
  it 's not something i actually like - i think it 's a little weird , personally - but it is a fact of life here . 
  not visiting in a year sounds really , really odd to me . 
  however , i guess with stuff like facetime/skype it is easier . 
  and , really , i know a little about immigrating ; i immigrated from the us to poland 12 years ago . 
  it 's hard to judge these things but i do n't * feel * like we 're particularly socially progressive . 
  anyway , time will tell i guess . 
  we need to make friends with some people that are under 30 and start asking questions i guess . 
  i have n't seen that statistic or any stats on the percentage of gay folks that get married . 
  i 'd be surprised if that stat was true in all places but even if it is ... equality is good , even if it does take place amongst a bunch of noise and hand-wringing . 
  again , anecdotal evidence ... but it does give me hope . 
  thanks . 
  could you comment on this a bit further ? 
  i 'd like to know * why * you are `` rather conservative '' . 
  well , a generation and about a half . 
  but , yeah ... maybe . 
  however , would you say that finland was reasonably progressive - other than the homosexuality stuff - otherwise ? 
  there 's a jokey saying here that goes '' * poles do n't believe in god but they do believe in the catholic church . 
  * '' ... and more to the point it is the * polish * catholic church . 
  ever since jpii died poles have been somewhere between ambivalent and open rebellion when it comes to following the various pronouncements of the pope . 
  benedict is not very well-liked here and even more so when he talks about being nice to/accepting of refugees/immigrants . 
  and yes , i 'd say they 've got a very good grip on society here . 
  i wish that was n't the case , but ... 
  i 'm surprised to hear this ... because of exactly one word . 
  `` family '' . 
  as in `` what about yours '' ? 
  i know people in their mid-to-late 30 's that still see their parents multiple times per week . 
  people in poland are incredibly tight with their families , so how are loads of young people ignoring all of those traditions not to mention pressure from mamo i tato and their `` you never visit !, 
  when will you visit ??? '', 
  regarding your `` former '' : that 's depressing as shit . 
  enough said . 
  i do n't know hardly anyone under 30 now ; i 'm going to be 40 soon and my youngest of friends or acquaintances are at least in their early 30 's . 
  so it 's hard for me to say whether or not this appears to be true ... 
  i * hope * that it is n't , though . 
  i 'd have to talk to them ( the folks you know ) to understand their logic on `` gay is ok but gay marriage is not '' . 
  i 'm sure they have their reasons but since i do n't know them i ca n't comment much further on this point . 
  on the second ( gay folk flight ) ... well , a lot of young folks of all stripes have left . 
  it 's not clear if they will come back or not but , if they do , they will likely have broader views on things . 
  this is a good thing , imo . 
  they 've got a hell of a grip right now . 
  i think it 'll take a couple of generations . 
  good job , finland . 
  folks in poland will have to wait a lot longer . 
  sorry , i knew it was something like that . 
  except you should really do that with coke ... and a nice ch\u00e2teauneuf-du-pape . 
  `` french wine tastes fine when mixed with coke and ice . '', 
  even at 140 on the a4 i still see dicks in audi/bmw/mercs trying to do 170 + . 
  ps : i wonder where the speed limits are most ignored ? 
  absolutely . 
  a family member is still undergoing the occasional physical therapy when a tyre hit the back of her head . 
  she was in a taxi that was going too fast , got off the road and came to a sudden stop . 
  the taxi driver , in his infinite wisdom , had a loose spare tyre floating around in the back of his combi/estate vehicle . 
  so , during the fast stop it kept going . 
  good point ; i do not want projectiles - living or otherwise - in my car . 
  just about every taxi driver ( at least in krakow ) i 've ever seen is n't wearing their seatbelt ... and most passengers seem to think they 're optional . 
  i do the same whenever i drive . 
  everyone has seat belts on or we do n't move . 
  i tell them that i do n't want them to die in an accident and they seem to accept it . 
  even if your kid received mediocre or poor grades despite studying hard ? 
  i doubt it . 
  if you want to support your local school , do a fundraiser and donate the money to the school because if a teacher can reasonably expect a `` gift '' at the end of the year then it may very well influence how harshly or not they grade . 
  someone else mentioned the highway ; i 've obviously not driven this route recently so my apologies . 
  i know the route from gdynia to lodz has been massively improved but did n't realise there was the same quality of motorway between wroclaw and lodz developed in the last several years . 
  i obviously need to get out and drive a bit more in central poland . 
  it 's not really about `` issues '' . 
  i did about two weeks of driving between krakow and northern finland and back via lithuania , latvia , and estonia and we did n't have any * issues * . 
  it 's more about the quality of the roads , whether or not they 're routed through every godforsaken village , level crossings , frequent speed adjustments due to traffic entering from side roads , etc , etc. 
  that sort of thing tends to slow everything down . 
  it make driving a chore and when you have people trying to do 140 + , tailgating , rapid lane changes , etc then it 's a chore and its dangerous . 
  i 'd much rather do a steady 90-120 through france , belgium , germany , denmark , and southern sweden than to attempt the same through poland , lithuania , latvia , and estonia . 
  i will admit , though , that the roads in poland at least have been steadily and quickly improving . 
  when i first moved here it took 11-12 hours to drive from krakow to gdynia and now it takes around 6.5-7 .5 . 
  it 's just that it does n't take much in the way of construction , two-lane roads through villages , and other similar stuff to slow everything right down . 
  i 'd be willing to bet that if op drove one route going from france to finland and the other route on the way back then he/she would find that it was the ee/lv/lt / pl route that took longer . 
  i 'd be happy to be proved wrong though . 
  i might have taken a different route , but as i recall when we crossed the border from lithuania into latvia a few years ago there was a remarkable difference . 
  i definitely enjoyed my time in latvia but not the driving - sorry . 
  from warsaw to bialystok : maybe it 's been upgraded in the last two years - which would n't surprise me ; we have been building a lot of roads . 
  when i drove it in early summer of 2014 it was not a nice journey . 
  i mostly have been driving around lodz from south to north and vice-versa but have n't gone that route in 9 + months . 
  i heard that they finally opened the ring road around lodz and so maybe that linked up with something from wroclaw . 
  every few months i drive from krakow to ( near ) lodz and everything from the moment i get off of the a4 ( nearish katowice ) to my destination is crappy even if it is often four lanes . 
  no , sadly , i was not . 
  i doubt both are within 15 minutes of each other ; in my experience the roads in lithuania are ok but are pretty poor in latvia and mediocre in estonia . 
  and that long route through poland wo n't be a lot of fun , either especially between wroclaw and lodz and then warsaw to bialystok . 
  while a lot of roads will be marked 90 kph , they 'll be single lanes in each direction so you 'll have people constantly tailgating and passing dangerously . 
  i 've done about 200,000 km in poland and have n't had a flat yet . 
  actually , poland and germany 's english fluency is [ nearly the same ] ( http://www.ef.pl/epi/compare/regions/pl/de/ ) . 
  poland has an ef epi score of 61.49 while germany has an ef epi score of 61.58 . 
  poland is ranked # 10 out of the 70 countries in the ef epi . 
  there 's no damn way that krakow is in the east . 
  we 're centre-right and you know it . 
  a friend of mine called it `` the shit shelf '' . 
  is the so\u0142dek a museum ship ? 
  it was moored there when i visited that part of gdansk perhaps five or six years ago . 
  first of all , if someone writes an editorial or an opinion in a newspaper and says `` fuck you '' to some president or pm , i do n't really care - and nor should anyone . 
  as soon as we put arbitrary limits on free speech then we open the doors to all kinds of limits ... which , as you full well know , in poland includes `` hurting '' someone 's `` religious feelings '' . 
  not to mention that you can not say something like `` the president is a jackass '' even here on reddit because that is * illegal * . 
  i really , really dislike what a lot of people say . 
  i try very hard to avoid listening to a lot of it because i think it 's utter shit .
