  there are also some obvious holocaust-deniers and racists as well , of course . 
  i ca n't think of any here in poland that are * universally * mocked ... which , perhaps , is part of our problem . 
  even korwin-mikke , a misogynistic , racist , holocaust-denying , conspiracy theory-believing , ... well you name it , he is probably guilty of it ... even this jackass gets a fair number of votes . 
  usa -  poland . 
  i moved because it was easier for me to move to poland than my then-girlfriend ( now wife ) to move to the us . 
  plus i was irritated at gwb getting reelected . 
  unamusingly pis got briefly into power shortly after i moved . 
  even though they 're back again i 've got no plans on ever moving back . 
  hmmmm ok . fair enough . 
  poland did n't get grouped in with the slavstria group ? 
  / r/poland is the english-language version . 
  just like there 's / r/de and / r/germany . 
  the frothing-at-the-mouth , shut-the-borders , muslims-will-invade-and-kill-us-all , whatever-pis-does-is-good nutters in / r/poland are some kind of joke ... 
  i work in finance - and travel a bit - so i 'm familiar with a number of countries ' currencies . 
  i was already aware of cad , usd , and mxn ( a few years ago i found it was preferable to use mxn rather than mxp ) . 
  my exchange rate guesses are below . 
  i do n't know the exact usd to eur rate since i 'm in poland and apparently we 're too cool for school , but whatever . 
  1 usd = approx 3.9 pln ( i looked it up just now and see that it 's down to 3.75 , huh ) 1 cad = approx 3.0 pln ( i looked this up too and see it 's 2.8 pln ) 1 mxn = ??? 
  pln ( i do n't normally convert mxn so i was n't sure of the exchange rate ), 
  actually , you can buy stroopwafels in poland . 
  iceland , to me , felt like a weird mix of the us and europe . 
  lots of pickup trucks around ( well , lots more than i 'm used to in poland ) and stuff like kraft mac-n-cheese in the stores . 
  plenty of little european hatchbacks and foods , though . 
  i liked it , to be honest , but it was quite unexpected . 
  how do i feel ? 
  annoyed . 
  norway and switzerland should be included at minimum if at all possible . 
  only if you do n't need oxygen , nitrogen , argon , and some trace gasses in order to live . 
  the most correct answer here i think . 
  like others here , i get the occasional ( 1-3x / year ) `` blink '' where the lights flicker off and back on in a tenth of a second or so . 
  not long enough to reset the clock on the oven but just long enough to notice . 
  i ca n't remember the last time the power was out . 
  i 've been in krakow now for 12 years . 
  clam chowder ( white ) . 
  split pea soup . 
  split pea soup is seriously underrated . 
  i 'm not sure they can even see that far . 
  next week , maybe . 
  `` let 's just get through this week , ok ? '', 
  this is also why the stock market is such a phenomenally bad idea . 
  it forces shorter and shorter-term thinking . 
  someone is going to short some stock then start wwiii just to get rich for five minutes . 
  i really dislike groups like that because whatever the solution is must be 100 % aligned with the group 's vision/goals otherwise total opposition . 
  are wind turbines the complete answer ? 
  obviously not , but they can * help * . 
  as can tidal , as can geothermal , as can nuclear , as can solar . 
  when you have things decentralised and spread across multiple techniques is when the system is the most robust . 
  i always like the `` but they kill birds ! '', 
  argument . 
  bitch , your outdoor cat kills more birds in a month than a turbine kills in a year . 
  we are closer than i would have thought . 
  also , i see references to boardgames , photography , astronomy ( astro-photography perhaps ? 
  ) , linux , and you have a brother . 
  just like me . 
  actually , i do n't dabble in linux any more . 
  i have fond memories of debian though , and not-so-fond memories of getting fucking x+kde working . 
  what now ? 
  are you me ? 
  let 's check . 
  - do you have a substantial lego collection ? 
  - do you have an equally substantial collection of alcohol ? 
  - do you like to mix the above two with a healthy quantity of animated tv shows ( futurama , simpsons , south park , archer , rick and morty ) ? 
  - are the first two above competing with a fairly substantial quantity of books ? 
  - is your wife utterly , throughly , absurdly horse-mad ? 
  eh to each their own , i guess . 
  and , yeah , i guess i am not much of a proper adult - i 'm 40 this year but not very properly grown-up . 
  anyway , i 'm happy to eat sandwiches , open-faced sandwiches ( kanapka ) , bagels , bagels cut in half with a bunch of stuff inside , wraps , burritos with ( or without ) a bunch of salsa and stuff on top , enchilladas , quesadillas , hot dogs , nearly-cut-through baguettes with a bunch of stuff between , wasa , or whatever else ya got . 
  kanapka in polish . 
  i do n't understand that , though : the extra slice on top prevents your fingers from getting into the stuff on the sandwich while , at the same time , allows you to slightly compress the contents ensuring they do n't all fall down on your plate . 
  how is this a negative thing ? 
  unless you want to avoid some arguably unnecessary carbs , that is ... 
  a bunch of apiologists just suicided . 
  i , however , laughed a little . 
  hey , is it really a semi-dictatorship ? 
  how so ? 
  i 'm genuinely curious and have n't heard this before . 
  i assume you missed the part of my comment where i said that i wanted a national park where you could * really * get away . 
  or perhaps you did n't understand what i meant . 
  or , of course , perhaps i was n't as clear as i could have been . 
  i meant that there are no places here where you can be truly alone - no one else in , say , a 10 km radius . 
  i am aware of the parks here and i am not denigrating them . 
  they are nice ... but they are not like us national parks and even less like us national forests . 
  it 's just hard to do that in a country the size of poland with a population of 38mm that 's as spread out as it is . 
  when i drove through northern finland it felt like there were - at times - more moose about than people . 
  and we did n't see a huge number of moose . 
  yeah , i hear ya . 
  my wife and i were in tromso a few months ago . 
  a few pints at the pub and then a few more store-bought beers back at the hotel room . 
  the beers we did have ( in pubs ) were excellent though - a lot of beers from tromso and throughout norway . 
  you 're doing it wrong !, 
  you bring some vodka , gin , whisky , rum , etc ( whatever the legal limit of booze is ) with you and drink that . 
  norway is expensive , yes , but ... ya got ta pay for quality . 
  that means some expensive beer/food/etc but you get awesome nature in return . 
  usually some pretty good beer/food as well . 
  that 's one of the reasons i love norway . 
  as long as you 're 100 meters from an inhabited dwelling you 're free to camp . 
  this is n't very realistic but ... american national parks and national forests . 
  i wish there were places to go where you could * really * get away from other people . 
  here , there 's always someone near by . 
  northern finland in particular is about as close as i 've ever seen here where there were loads of trees and no one around .
