  to be clear , i 'd be happy to live in any of them ... but the question was about my preferences . 
  a couple times a year , usually . 
  a few times on business trips and once or twice for holidays . 
  this year , on business : india and australia . 
  this year , on holiday : denmark ( bornholm in april for almost two weeks ) and slovenia ( all over for almost two weeks in late september ) . 
  i always do my bolognese with fusilli . 
  tricolore if i can get it . 
  spaghetti is annoying . 
  at least you tried plenty ; i guess that 's something . 
  i personally get tired of all of the light lager/pilsner/bock and related stuff that tends to be the prevailing beers on tap in most european countries . 
  although the hardon that the micro breweries have for over-hopping everything is n't nice , either . 
  i moved to poland over 10 years ago ; this is my home now . 
  it just bugs me when people needlessly generalise . 
  i feel the same way about people that visit a single state in the us , like florida or illinois , eat at fast food/fast casual places and buy the cheapest beer they can find , then complain that the food and beer is terrible and that the us is rubbishy . 
  if people visit the us and say that there are shocking class distinctions , or loads of fat people , or the fetishization of the whole guns-and-christianity thing ... i mean those are at least valid criticisms . 
  but saying that there was * no * good beer , * no * good food ... that 's ridiculous . 
  there are 26 michelin-starred restaurants just in chicago and * nine * of the [ world 's best beers ] ( http://www.worldbeerawards.com/2016/the-americas/u-s-a.html ) are made by deschutes brewery in my pokey home state of oregon . 
  one of the reasons we bought a citro\u00ebn c4 back in 2008 was that the egs ( semi-auto ) transmission version was the most fuel efficient version . 
  we had it for six years without a single problem . 
  i 've driven a mix of manual/standard , semi-auto , and full-auto transmissions . 
  with the latest egs/dsg transmissions ... 
  i honestly doubt i 'll ever go back . 
  it makes long motorway cruises ( 10 hours , 800-1000 km ) easy and driving in stop-and-go even easier , especially when coupled with self-adjusting cruise control and lane-keeping equipment . 
  a manual will be more fun on a twisty , empty , countryside b-style road but a fuel-efficient automatic is better for day-to-day reality . 
  especially for my wife , who is not a fan of manual transmissions , an automatic is a damn sight better than replacing a clutch every 50k km . 
  that being said , they still have a ways to go ; dsgs are n't as efficient as citro\u00ebn 's egs . 
  i 'm originally from the us but immigrated to poland over a decade ago . 
  i 've shot a .22 ( various rifles and handguns ) , .38 , 9mm , 12 gauge shotgun , a colt ar-15 , and probably some other stuff i 've forgotten about . 
  my polish wife and a friend have gone shooting with me when i 've been on visits back . 
  my wife in particular was very apprehensive about it at first but turned out to love it . 
  the only time we ever had anything less than * exactly the right amount of friendly * was when , around tromso , some kids were riding our ass and honking because we were driving on poland reg plates and they apparently did n't like that . 
  kids are stupid everywhere tho . 
  i 'm originally from oregon in the us . 
  i grew up out in the forest and like natural , wild , beautiful places . 
  there is a lot of that in your part of the world . 
  also , i 've found the residential architecture very familiar ( especially the red barns with white trim ! ), 
  and the people very easy-going and friendly . 
  poland has loads of history so if that is something you enjoy then you will have many , many opportunities to satisfy that particular need . 
  i 'd suggest starting in krakow or perhaps wroclaw but anywhere will be fine . 
  poland ( i live here ) , germany ( several visits ) , netherlands ( a couple of visits ) , denmark ( a couple of visits ) , belgium ( a couple of visits ) , france ( one short visit ) , uk ( a couple of visits ) , ireland ( once ) , norway ( several visits ) , sweden ( several visits ) , finland ( once ) , estonia ( once ) , latvia ( once ) , lithuania ( once ) , czech republic ( several visits ) , slovakia ( several visits ) , slovenia ( a couple of visits ) , austria ( once ) , italy ( once ) , spain ( once ) , bulgaria ( one short visit ) . 
  liked most : norway , sweden , finland , denmark . 
  liked least : belgium ( sorry ; me and b just did n't get along ), 
  room temperature scotch , ideally laphroaig 10 year , bunnahabhain 12 year , glenfiddich 15 year , lavavulin 16 year , glenlivet 18 year ... or whatever you 've got on hand . 
  it 's an family-oriented time of year so whether it 's ballantine 's or balvenie 12yr double wood it 's best enjoyed with the important folks in your life . 
  and with a bit of water to open it up if you want . 
  my wife and i visited bornholm earlier this year . 
  it was n't stupefyingly beautiful like norway but it did have a certain nordic charm . 
  i 'd happily return . 
  5 years old . 
  it 's a small condo/block of flats ; i think there around 35 places in the building . 
  that 's not really fair ; people - especially older people - in rural poland stare at everything . 
  yes ( married ) . 
  not planning on doing it again , though . 
   why ? 
  a variety of reasons , but mostly because we both wanted to . 
  on the emotional side , we wanted to show that we were happy with each other and wanted to announce to the world ( or at least our guests ) that we wanted to spend the rest of our lives together . 
  we also liked the idea of a big party , dressing up , having my parents meet her parents ( my parents are in the us , hers are in poland ) , and so on . 
  on the logical side of things , we knew it 'd be easier to get a home loan and other similar things together . 
  it would also make it easier for me to stay in poland on the basis of a `` he 's married '' visa rather than a `` he 's employed '' visa . 
  it is also easier to deal with rest of the non-visa paperwork when you 're married . 
  joint bank account . 
  things like that . 
  i 'm a bit outside the age range but * shrug * . 
  anyway , i know a few people that were n't baptised ( fairly rare in poland ) and are atheist or `` do n't care '' . 
  as / u/vertitto [ said ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/askeurope/comments/5dbhms/to_the_youngyounger_generation_of_europe_1730_how/da3bnhh/ ) most people are `` culturally catholic '' . 
  i only know one polish person in their early 30 's that is actually religious ( catholic , of course ) . 
  everyone else goes to church for weddings , funerals , baptism , first communion , easter , christmas . 
  so , usually , that 's about 2-3 visits a year for such folks . 
  i 've tried to stick to places i 've visited or stuff i 've had ... but i 've never been to luxembourg . 
  got any beverage recommendations ? 
  actually , i keep reading that [ vodka sales are declining in favour of lower-alcohol beverages ] ( http://www.euromonitor.com/spirits-in-poland/report ) . 
  however [ we still drink a lot of spirits ] ( https://www.kpmg.com/pl/en/issuesandinsights/articlespublications/documents/2015/the-alcoholic-beverages-market-in-poland-2014-part-i-online.pdf ) . 
  edit : i should note that i am not a huge fan of most european beers , although there are some exceptions . 
  london pride , h\u00f6vels original ( de , altbier ) , modern drinking ( pl , apa ) , and guinness foreign extra stout . 
  lager , for me , is boring though it is awesome in the summer when you 're hot , tired , and do n't want to think about what you 're drinking . 
  so my list is obviously biased towards spirits and wine . 
  i 've never had unicum before - have n't made it to hungary yet - so i do n't know if it 's any good or not . 
  also , i see that they are emphasising the `` zwack '' rather than the `` unicum '' on the new-style bottles . 
  disappointing , really . 
  here 's what i 'd recommend from each country : - ireland : teeling small batch irish whiskey . 
  alt : aberlour 12yr double cask - wales : penderyn single malt madeira finish whisky alt : penderyn myth - england : martin miller 's westbourne strength gin alt : plymouth gin - netherlands : bols genevere . 
  alt : bols zeer oude genevere - france : la fee absinthe alt : a nice wine from ch\u00e2teauneuf-du-pape - belgium : something from le trappiste i suppose alt : ??? 
  - denmark : aalborg akvavit ( jule version ) alt : hot n ' sweet - norway : linie aquavit alt : ??? 
  - sweden : herno old tom gin alt : carlshamns flaggpunsch ( yes i know it 's now made in finland ) - finland : lapponia cloudberry liqueur alt : kaski single malt whisky by teerenpeli - estonia : vana tallinn liqueur ( ? ), 
  - lithuania : ??? 
  - poland : ostoya vodka ( wheat ) alt : sobieski vodka ( rye ) - germany : barenjager alt : riesling wine - spain : cardenal mendoza solera gran reserva brandy alt : a nice wine from rioja - portugal : graham 's 20yr tawny port alt : fonseca terra prima port - italy : cynar artichoke liqueur alt : vecchia romagna 10yr brandy - austria : stroh 80 rum alt : mozart dry chocolate - slovenia : almost any vipava valley wine alt : vipava valley wine , trust me - czech republic : becherovka alt : frankly , i 'd get more becherovka - slovakia : tatratea 72 % alt : ??? 
  i have some of the aalborg jule akvavit from 2014 . 
  it 's really , really good . 
  i think i 'd recommend [ ostoya wheat vodka ] ( http://www.proof66.com/vodka/ostoya-vodka.html ) . 
  i do n't think it 's quite as good as sobiekski 's rye vodka but it is still very good and comes in a really pretty bottle . 
  re software : whoops !, 
  my bad . 
  re distilling alcohol : ... we seem to both agree that it is illegal ( ? ), 
  - insulting the president - abortions - insulting a person 's religious feelings - edit : forgot about marijuana . 
  it ought to be legal to buy , sell , possess , and ingest/smoke . 
  there are probably ten thousand little , stupid laws that people break every day but the three above are those that first came to mind . 
  - legally driving faster than 85 mph ( 140 kph/86 .9 mph ) - selling alcohol 24/7/365 . 
  bonus points for selling beer , wine , and liquor in petrol stations - selling/buying equipment for distilling alcohol ( distilling alcohol is n't legal ) - prostitution ( but not brothels or pimping ) - downloading copyrighted software ( uploading is not legal ) also you could include things like `` heavy restrictions on gun ownership '' but i do n't think you were looking for that sort of stuff . 
  nope !, 
  the only other thing i 've ever played a lot of is gran turismo .
