  article that deals with the issue : http://www.bloombergview.com/articles/2013-02-12/glut-of-foreign-students-hurts-u-s-innovation, 
  yes and over 50 % of science and engineering post graduate students in the us are foreign born and not american who end up taking their skills home with them ( although this is mainly to asia ), 
   but once it comes to post secondary ( the one that actually matters ) , us crushes anyone , and russia falls far behind . 
  you forget the lifetime of debt that comes along with an american education so you can serve your glorious corporate masters well and not complain :p my serous point being access and cost of education is a big thing that you do n't consider here . 
  in russian 54 % has a higher education degree while in the us that drops to 40 % how does that filter down into the overall base education level we do not have statistics for . 
  yea and you have n't given me any studies or research to prove your point only your opinion . 
  if you are going to use the pisa scores to say it 's not relevant in relation to third level education i will also say s korea , singapore , japan etc who score highest and teach in rote manner have some of the most technologically advanced economies in the world so even that proves you hypothesis bunk . 
  i have at least stated my hypothesis and added to it 's credibility with facts that back it up whil you have pretty much just said , `` west is better , there is no facts to prove it yet but look at where the growth in our economy is coming from '' despite the fact asia and russia are far outpacing us in growth . 
  asia espically so in the tech area . 
  ok look , do you even know what we are talking about any more because the goal posts seem to keep moving . 
  i simply asked you to tell me if not pisa what is the best benchmark to determine how educated a populous is and all i seem to have got is a basic `` the west is just better '' answer . 
  i 've showed you figures to show outside of pisa russia goes on to have the 4th highest level of third level graduates in the world . 
  i 've showed you finland rates very high on pisa even though we do n't teach in a rote fachion here either showing it 's not just about rote countries doing well on that metric . 
  i 've linked you to other studies which consider all levels of education which put russia 's combined education system at 20th best in the world . 
  you keep saying pisa is irrelevant but do n't give any alternative , you keep saying 16 is irrelevant but that is the age where where standardized tests start to decide who is the best from the rest and who will get into higher level education so it stands to reason those in third level education are probably those who did best at 15/16/17 years old . 
   all education up until that point is positioning for either university or vocational schooling . 
  the point is the best way to prepare children for university is the long way rather than the easy way thats the whole point of measuring at that age . 
  if you want to cast out half the people in society by only comparing university students and be a snob about it go ahead but in that case i 'm out of this conversation . 
  after that point there are way too many variables in play to even be able to determine who has a smarter populace or where has the best education system . 
  for example i might agree britain has a few good universitys at the highest level but the cost of good ones is so expensive only a tiny fraction of the population will benefit while in russia univeristy is cheap and maybe not as prestigious but a lot more people will benefit from a very good university education . 
  what is the net effect ? 
  well nobody knows because it 's impossible to really measure but i can see is 56.47 % of russian people hold a third level degree which is the 4th highest in the world . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_25-34_year_olds_having_a_tertiary_education_degree  the schools that dominate the pisa rankings are universally the schools that teach kids to learn in a way that will prove ineffective later on in practice finland is pretty much the polar opposite of rote learning but yet we are always near the top , can you explain that ? 
  good thing we can rely on the opinion of / u/g _ morgan for imperical data then , the educational estabilshment must be delighted they have such a valuable resource as you to add new context to all their findings . 
  sarcasm aside if we are not got going to use data then there is no point having this conversation . 
  16 is still a very relevant age in my opinion as at least here in finland it 's the age where most either go to vocational school to learn a trade or continue onto higher education . 
  i 'll also note from personal experience the kids who were smartest at 16 in my school are still the smartest today so i do n't see how thinigs really change that much in a few years . 
  but here if you want another set of results that considers higher level here you go : http://www.mbctimes.com/english/20-best-education-systems-world i do n't see russia very far down on that list either , one might even see a trend starting to form from all these different studies . 
  please tell me then what you feel is a better metric then as pisa scores are the most quoted worldwide . 
  anyway to stay on point no matter what metric you look at the russian system is always on a par with the west if not above average, 
  funny thing is they have been going on about this in russia of all places for a long time . 
  [ carlsberg warns russia on plastics ban ] ( http://www.ft.com/intl/cms/s/0/72e559fa-fda9-11e1-8e36-00144feabdc0.html#axzz35e9fyobr ) [ ncbi study | polyethylene terephthalate may yield endocrine disruptors ] ( http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmc2854718/ ) the russian guys on some fitness forums i frequent keep saying over and over to not eat or drink from plastic containers whenever possible because they leach xenoestrogens and that it 's a deliberate ploy to make western men more placid and docile and more stuff people here will cast off as conspiracy . 
  i just find it very interesting they might not be crazy after all and where possible i eat from paper or glass packaging now, 
  after the west and their economic advisors let yeltsin mess up the whole reform process russia had enough of it . 
  if anything the west needs to blame themselves for trying to turn it into a saudi style gas pump state with power resting in a few rich individuals hands . 
  now while russia is still like that to some extent today , putin now at least has control over the olligarchs which is the same power the west wanted . 
  yea i just pointed him to the pisa scores which are a much better and accredited metric of education level, 
  the pisa scores ( which is pretty much the global benchmark ) beg to disagree where they are above the usa on most categories http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pisa_2012#results the fact most russians are educated in forign univeristys is nothing new , same goes for china and far eastern states . 
  because screw the eu and their new found decision to become geo-politicial players . 
  what you stop being about trade and start playing politics that 's then things go south . 
  if it 's a good deal let them build it . 
  good for them, 
  a neoliberal will tell you if you dd n't need to purchase an expensive government licence and jump through all the reglatory hoops of becomming an operator then there would be much more competition and lower prices would have always been there from the start . 
  an yet everyoen trusts the usa who wo n't let germany have their gold back, 
  yea i got a raging clue too, 
  no it 's because one eu rep for for every half million or so of us does n't give a shit what we ask for . 
  it 's the same reason the us congress is a boys club that only has time to cater to lobbyists and corporate interest 's and the common person has n't got shit . 
  still does n't put back the sovereignty . 
  they do n't listen , there is one of them for every few , hundred thousand of us . 
  the eu is on too big of a scale for any of us to have an impact and that 's i prefer small scale politics . 
  well i ca n't say for sure but i had a feeling i solved some of the confusion . 
  iirc , ireland gives more to charity to capity than most nations . 
  then there is that massive douche bono, 
  you seem well travelled so you should know then that not all peoples are the same ( espically within europe ) rules for germany wo n't always be practical for spain and vice versa . 
  why create needless problems and culture clashes by forcing one for all democracy when people already voiced their opinion in the polls lately and that is for less eu . 
  loss of sovereignty is also a big issue for me on an economic standpoint because as someone living in a smaller country why should i trust the bigger members with more say will have my best interests at heart when shit hits the fan . 
  i dunno , the in your face unbridled nationalism i guess, 
  you sound like someone from cavan, 
  will there be hookers or not ? 
  thats the question, 
  -10 feds stole half your gold and now posess unlimited monetary influence, 
  free movement of people and goods within the eu is fine for me . 
  let everyone make their own rules after that . 
  a referendum on new members and changes would be nice once in a while too but i do n't expect an auzzie to understand that most of us were never even asked to vote our opinion on a single currency/enlargement . 
  chances are if we were the current eu might be in a different form and even be stronger since it would have popular support from all member states . 
  every economist that deals in metals thinks it 's gone/sold/kaput and i guess now we know for sure . 
  man germany really has been taking it in the ass from the usa of late . 
  grow some balls already, 
   to create the list , researchers ** considered the size of a country 's economy , and then ** assessed its global contributions to science and technology , culture , international peace and security , world order , the planet and climate , prosperity and equality , and the health and well-being of humanity . 
  might want to make use of those native language skills there limey, 
  jesus , nobody is going to invade poland already, 
  i hate the idea , i want a smaller eu and not a bigger one . 
  keep it at a trading alliance and nothing more, 
  yes there is , i like to eat 100 % natural , organic foods, 
  yea because you have have to be a conspiracy theorist to want to eat natural organic food / s, 
  i want smaller government not bigger government and a lot more of the eu now want the same, 
  it 's a long long time since it was worth a actual pound of sterling silver, 
  after all this dick sucking talk i think i have to get me a polish woman in my life or is it the lack of head that has the subject on the tip of ever polish politicians tongue ? 
  you are free to make a different subreddit to not talk about it too . 
  yay more censorship, 
  i sometimes thing this is part of an overall larger deliberate attempt to break apart the traditionally strong social ties in the scandanavian states because most these people never truely integrate . 
  either way the far right just got more votes, 
  hopefully someone might actually fall now, 
  fuck that, 
  haha , i agree 100 % sometimes it 's great to wind them up . 
  if you want an even better challenge try / r/anarcho _ capitalism where all questions they cant answer are met with `` how do we know when it 's never been proven not to work '' they have their whataboutary set to level ten with unlimited ammo to rant for hours and hours hack enabled . 
  there are some extremely eerie coincidences between what the nsa is doing and the police state future set out in george orwell 's 1984 but if you say that 's where we are going you are labeled a crackpot . 
  my point being human brains are wired to make order out of disorder , find patterns based on previous experience and all that . 
  her claims were provocative and out of order and if you will let me bring some humour into this i find it typical of the way lots of women chose to argue a point they know they are wrong on  [ bill burr - how women argue ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=inst3wjxzk0 ), 
  that is the most on the spot analysys i 've heard and you get downvoted for it . 
  i guess / r/europe is a anything anti-russian circlejerk now too . 
  you do n't think national socialism is `` historically outdated '' too ? 
  pity she did n't think of that when making hitler references, 
  my last hope for america lost in that case, 
  i 'm half irish so i also half agree, 
  some might say europe risked going broke over greece to retain a vacation resort , 
  oh yea , that part too . 
  i guess there is also the not allowing aid either . 
  what fuckers, 
  should you not be out getting drunk or is the weather too bad :p but yea i have the exact same opinon as you and no way i can look after kids when i have pensioners to pay for .
