  it never ceases to amaze me how politicians say we just have 60 % percent debt but never consider how much they are going to have to pay out in future . 
  anyway i 'm just going to enjoy my life in this moment but it is sad we pay so much taxes and will probably see very little of them . 
  only good thing i sometimes think about finland is , if the money disappeared tomorrow most people would probably just carry on and go to work/farm the food and it might not be such a disaster with the chaos and looting i would expect in uk/usa, 
  i meant there is an irish guy buying a brit dinner with bitcoin , if only they could have done the same for the irish during the famine was my point ... i think, 
  and that 's why i 'm having kids unless i can support them . 
  even in finland i do n't trust the state will be there to help out in 10 years time, 
  now if only the brits had reddit and bitcoin during the famine, 
  and right they should since the us has no problem pumping the ukranian protests every day in their media but never gave the same airtime to protests in turkey or any other allied state . 
  i hope next there is an occupy movement in the west lavrov comes out to urge the protestors on the same way chin face kerry and marmonger mccain did in kiev, 
  no and insulting me is n't going to win you any favors either , western media downplays stuff that 's not in their favour all the time . 
  for example when the tapes were released showing top turkish advisors planning a false falg on their own country to blame it on sirya no westerm media mentioned the huge story contained in the leaked recordings and only ran with the line that there was `` sensitive information '' if anyone is a `` useful idiot '' it 's you acting like the media inspector . 
  is my privilege ok ? 
  oh and learn some better geography too http://www.buzzfeed.com/summeranne/americans-try-to-place-european-countries-on-a-map, 
  `` to talk to ** us ** in a respectful manner '' i 'm from finland/europe this is / r/europe you are from the states if you do n't like it you can get the fuck out yank, 
  everyone has been talking in western circles for years about how russia and chna have been buying godl with theri huge foreign reserve stockpile so as to not hold so much dollars , on another note do you have you got a source on those gold reserve figures because last i heard [ federal reserve admits - we have no gold since . . ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pl305n56cgy ) if they have so much gold why are they stalling on returning germanys gold until 2020 . 
  you will have to tell me more about this industrial base as last i heard most heavy industury has moved overseas and most of what the us exports is scrap metal to china . 
  mnay people say the fracking bubble is just that ... a bubble . 
  just look at cali where the estimated recoverable reserves had to be revised down by a whopping 96 % ( quite a fuck up in the estimates there ) http://www.latimes.com/business/la-fi-oil-20140521-story.html like i just said russia and china have huge reserves fo gold which which is the perfect hedge against a collapse and will be sure to increase in value two/three/fourfold . 
  the way i see it in a global mentdown countrys that have good domestic economies will fare well and countries that import most their goods will have trouble . 
  do you not see a run on the dollar being the first casulty considering there is so many of them out there, 
  i can see how russia might gain but the us will lose it 's reserve currency status for sure with the imf 's sdr 's taking over most likely . 
  all brics countries have been buying up huge stockpiles of gold as an obvious hedge against the dollars demise and tehy have announced today the creation of their own version of the imf . 
  so perhaps a return to bipolar world would be in store in my view . 
  in any case i 've been buying up gold and bitcoin since the start of this year and both are doing well . 
  i would say europe and the us are equally fucked , the us has been trying to pick up it 's exports but still has a huge trade defecit while europe at least has a great export economy that exports goods people want regardless of the currency situation . 
  that 's not how / s sarcasm works or either that it 's just not funny, 
  oh really , well your compatriot does n't seem able to distinguish what a legend is, 
  taking into account unfunded liabilitys it 's bound to happen sooner or later so lets just get it over with . 
  would n't be hte first time the whole world had to sit down and reorganise the power structures, 
  it was a good excuse i 'll give it that, 
  in other news , americans still useless at reading maps, 
   even the worst unemployment rates by state in america are comparable to ordinary unemployment rates in europe well i think they are `` comparable '' which is how you first described it . 
  and not much to choose between them . 
   even the worst unemployment rates by state in america are comparable to ordinary unemployment rates in europe the following article answers your point much better than i could but the short version is more people just gave up looking for work in the us when their benefits ran out , benefits do not `` run out '' in europe : http://online.wsj.com/news/articles/sb10001424052702304703804579381112025475836  looking more closely , the picture is more nuanced . 
  the unemployment figures flatter the u.s. labor market . 
  that is because a major contributor to the fall in the u.s. unemployment rate has been the withdrawal of large numbers of americans from the workforce . 
  the number of people employed has expanded -- though data suggest only in line with the working-age population . 
  but the labor-force participation rate -- the number of people both in work and seeking work as a percentage of the total population -- has shrunk . 
   by contrast , this rate has stayed largely unchanged in the euro zone . 
  `` if the euro area had seen a drop in the labor-force participation rate proportional to the decline experienced by the u.s. , its unemployment rate would be 9.5 % , below where it was at the beginning of the sovereign-debt crisis , '' wrote thomas klitgaard and richard peck , two economists at the federal reserve bank of new york , in a blog post this month . 
  thats a very arbitrary figure but doe 's it consider the amount of population increase , what about the number of people employed in the economy which continues to drop . 
  sorry but every positive figure i hear released by the us govnernment is equally offset by another metric they conviently ignore , they sound like someone trying to pump a stock, 
   bly blunt implement , the correct solution is to build houses . 
  the chancellor is actively helping the bubble with help to buy . 
  thats true , help to buy is no better than the similar scheme that caused the 2008 sub prime bubble in the us . 
  give people who are out of work a job building houses then i guess, 
  i do n't know , i think a lot of it is hype too , how do you even overestimate the amount of recoverable shale oil by a whole 96 % http://www.latimes.com/business/la-fi-oil-20140521-story.html, 
  yea it 's also his job to do somethng about it , normally that means an interest rate rise but he wont do it . 
   on your final statement it 's worth noting that city bankers are no longer really driving the bubble , a hell of a lot of our property is brought by those overseas not london based bankers ( although they obviously contribute ) that is true , i think the climate of not asking too much questions about the forign money has something to do with it as well though as in if you are a rich chinese millionaire looking to escape that smog come on in no questions asked i just feel bad for ordinary young london people who do n't play any part in this madness and see their rents rising while salarys are stagnating, 
   the only question is what happens after this event and will the eu manage to use this once in a century opportunity to take the leadership role in world finance ( hopefully without uk bankers ) thats the one variable i do n't have an answer to , given how much leverage the us seems to display over germany , e.g : not returning their gold from the fed when asked , germany taking being merkel being spied on without any fuss , backing them on ukraine it seems quite obvious europe is way too interconected . 
  ironically enough the policy of austerity of the last 5 years over money printing which was americas solution to the 2008 crisis puts us in better shape for recovery since there is less foreign reserves to come home and cause hyperinflation . 
  unlike the usa , europe also has a balance of trade surplus so even without banks people will still buy our stuff . 
  all i can say for sure is america is fucked, 
   steadily if by steadily you mean outpacing wage increases by a good margin . 
  sorry but your `` guvenor '' is an idiot , he wont raise interest rates to control the property bubble which is what he 's paid millions to do . 
  instead cheap 0 % interest money is being invested in housing with the sole purpose of that house being worth more in a years time . 
  sorry but bankers have him by the cojones where he ca n't actually do anything . 
   within the next decade a lot of people think signs point to within the next year or two or whenever the banks are forced to raise interest rates . 
  if you look at the history of the us bubble economy ( which is what it is now ) these events seem to take on a < 10 year span . 
  there was the crash in 87 , followed by the dot com bubbe in 2000 and then the housing bubble in 2008 each seems to reaccuring with closer and closer frequency sicne every time it happened nothing was fixed and the cracks were just covered over . 
  this sovern debt bubble will be of epic proportions, 
  houses in london are mainly being bought by investors in order to make money and not by the normal working class who can no longer afford a house . 
  london alone seen a 14 % increase in prices last year mainly in the high end market . 
  the problem is rich people using cheap bank of england liquidity to feed another asset bubble which will explode all over the poor any month now . 
  mark carney ca n't exactly speak , his job is to regulate speculative bubbles by minipulating the bank of england interest rate yet he allows annual house price inflation of 7 % go unchecked feeding another huge bubble as we speak . 
  [ ireland ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1adazq-66da ), 
  a better metric might be , american kids from more wealthy ethnic groups do better then kids from poorer ethnic groups . 
  chances are race has nothing to do with it, 
  you should add , `` america : worse than the russians '' into that one too :p, 
  i think finalnd is about to make it illegal and i believe the idea is based on a law that has already made it so in norway http://yle.fi/uutiset/mps_back_anti-begging_motion/7155475, 
  there is no way we can really have an informed society while people are forced to work meaningless jobs flipping burgers and such , the sooner automation takes over low skilled jobs and people have time to be more educated and informed the faster society can progress in this direction in my opinion, 
  thats fair enough but i do n't think one sector should be allowed to hold a country hostage either . 
  i suppose in reality most their jobs are being made redundent since i no longer need a stock broker to trade and i no longer need a physical bank to take care of my daily financial transactions but somehow the investment banking sector has kept growing and growing . 
  you were saying you think banks should be bailed out by someone because you do n't want people to suffer en masse for idealogy but people need to consider what does the banking sector actually contribute to society and why has it 's percentage share of world economies grown so much over the past 50 or so years when in reality they do n't make or produce anything and in fact have a net money draining effect on society . 
  banking is the perfect example of an business sector that can pretty much be entirely automated by technology but the only side we see that happeing in is the retail side of it . 
  yea so you can shut up saying we have it easy as a `` small , nimble , democracy '' then, 
  great quote , i 'm going to save that one . 
  i 'm sure glad i left ireland so if people still do n't see what was wrong here about private investors + bondholders not losing money they gambled in the first place . 
  i 'm sure you heard the phrase `` do n't throw good money after bad '' well iceland did just that and they are enjoying a much more spirited recovery than ireland . 
  you swalled the wrong pill along with the media fearmongering my friend , there will be no recovery and all you had to pay for it was your sovereignty . 
  give more power to your member states and break it all up then if you think it 's as easy as being a small nation . 
   did you know that just last year the amount of obese people surpassed the amount of starving people for the first time in human history ? 
  do you know how incredible that is ? 
  that is directly due to the economic system first established by the british and then reinforced and strengthened by americans ( with considerable help from western europeans ) . 
  i 'm filing this under , `` shit only an american could say '', 
  after the us `` opened up '' russia in the 90s they used to get 10 cents on the dolalr before putin nationalized the oil as well , in some ways i think this is all cause and effect as well . 
  if they actually tried to help the country get back on it 's feet rather than attempt to turn it into a new saudi arabia via yeltsin russian might be in a much more friendly place today, 
  i do n't mean to be ~ ~ racist ~ ~ a dick but fuck off with that 19th century attitude . 
  it 's americans like you that make people want to blow themselves up , hell you nearly made my head explode with that garbage, 
  i thought it was great too , good job, 
  thank fuck that cunt is gone . 
  best news i 've heard from ireland in a while, 
  nothing personal i just see modern finance to be a non productive zero-sum industury and a leech on society . 
  if we tax bad habits like smoling and drinking why not tax bad habits like speculating and if the uk does n't want to change it 's ways so be it . 
  in the past i 've been on site implementing software in many city banks like dexia , ft , citi and others and just found the culture around me quite revolting . 
  do n't let the door hit you ... 
  and then russia will say they riged the vote . 
  interesting article and thanks for the link as it was an interesting read but i think make them solvent at the time of bankruptcy . 
  assets being stripped and sold at current rates which thanks to the re inflation of the stock and housing markets means that they are worth more today then they were back then but it does n't make the bank any less infeasible . 
  in ireland many of hte toxic assets taken on by the state are now being sold at profit but when you take inflation and market forces into account it does n't make the banks any less insolvent that that time http://www.irishexaminer.com/business/nama-set-to-make-profit-on-money-paid-for-18bn-oflynn-loans-259998.html,
