  how would europe react if russia started saying how europe would be best split between the industrial north and the lazy south because they clearly have nothing in common, 
  but yet nobody calls them on it . 
  i do all the time but it 's like talking to a wall . 
  now the same bullshit is being spouted regarding ukraine but when point out how austerity and imf vultures will just make it worse i get called a paid russian shill, 
  lets just not mention the one in power right now though shall we  that said unlike merkel her nudes are something i could look at . 
  just wish we had leftist politicians that could speak like that here too . 
  thats cool , it just grinds my gears every time i hear of us spreading more democracy and fucking up nations . 
  how are people fooled time and time again , to quote russell brand , we do need a revolution, 
  pwc will say anything for a price, 
  yea and i would say the same about the usa and their colonial aspirations . 
  less arms/more education , i say, 
  hitler did a lot of preparing for war despite being told not to and he got his war as well, 
   if he was an obedient dog like the gulf arabs he 'd have been just fine . 
  you are showing your colours right there , so essentially everyone must lay down to the west or be killed ... nice good to know things have changed so much since the colonial era, 
  you tell me then but i know gadaffi had plans to stop selling it in usd and the as we know the americans do n't take threats to the petrodollar lighty . 
  also  the starting pistol has been fired on bids by britain and other western powers to secure a slice of the oil prize in libya when france said it was `` fair and logical '' for its companies to benefit . 
   at the moment , the libyan oil industry is in limbo . 
  real progress wo n't come until the next licensing period , during which the government will offer new onshore and offshore zones for exploration and production . 
   the last round of divvying up resources began in 2005 under the exploration and production sharing agreement iv . 
  to win bids for joint ventures under the epsa iv framework , international oil corporations had to offer huge shares of production -- often approaching 90 percent -- to libya 's national oil corporation , or noc , and agree to significant risks and huge signing bonuses . 
  http://www.theguardian.com/world/2011/sep/01/libya-oil i expect they will do a bit better than 90 % this time, 
  not exactly , google should have local servers anyway and if you book through a russian site i ca n't see how it would post an issue . 
  europe has already considered the local data idea as well, 
  and that 's why defense integration and corporation is what 's required and not more spending . 
  everything does n't require money and europe combed already has the second biggest military in the world , unless we plan on taking out the us we do n't need more money thrown at it . 
  being tied to the sinking american ship is not something i want for sure however, 
  nato plundered libya pretty well in the form of oil contracts for their nations backers ( corporations ), 
  yea that sure worked well all through history / s, 
  good thing we do n't want to join an aggressive military alliance then, 
  i suppose if you see someone getting beaten on the street you ignore that as well . 
  personally i prefer to engage those i disagree with, 
  inforamtion and while american media does n't twist things in the same war russian media does , it often just omits events and details that does n't fit the narrative . 
  there is a reason we do n't shit about ukraine in the american media these days even though more people are dying there than ever right now, 
  well there was the `` exploding air conditioner '' story for a start, 
  oh come on , even the bbc is just as bad these days too . 
  i 've barely seena single mention fo the shelling and humanatarian issue in ukraine right now but when there was protests it was front page every day, 
   russian propaganda you mean news you do n't agree with . 
  do n't get me started on how ukranian propaganda is just as bad or do you even recognise this ? 
  ugh , feed lot beef is nothing like grass fed ... no thanks, 
  totally agree , you do n't just install democracy , old generations pretty much have to die off before anything really happens . 
  the yeltsin years and his oh so great `` imf advisors '' are the reason russia is so wary of the west now . 
  they tried to plunder the country and hand it over to a few olligarchs the west could rely on to keep power ( ala saudi arabia ) but it failed . 
  russia is a transitioning country , give it time, 
  shit like this is why bitcoin  paypal, 
  referendum on new members mandatory in all states, 
  i thought to limit myself to the economic sphere of sterotypes but maybe i could have thrown in some free market , coorporate welfare as well, 
  go bet your pension on the heavily manipulated stock market and hope it all works out yankee doddle, 
  i sure got enough downvotes to tell me that anyway . 
  ok , anglo then . 
  sound so typical of an american perspective though , `` cut public spending and invest in the stock market '', 
  i guess an ~ ~ american ~ ~ anglo publication had to give them something back after hearing the bj remark ... or maybe it 's just because they are the americans bitch in europe :p, 
  so just the usual `` trololol '' from the uk then, 
  so in other words no privacy rights . 
  or do we now get swat teams and militarized police killing bursting into our homes holding us at gunpoint now too ? 
  take your downvotes and go home , you 're not making any sense, 
  yea it 's a possibility but it 's also a possibility today . 
  in the end it 's a lose-lose scenario since the other company will do the same back to you . 
  for the same reason we try to avoid war because both sides stand to lose more often then not . 
   so you will impose a rationality test on people who want to run mobile phone companies ? 
  i 'd assume the barrier to entry , ( having enough equipment to provide service to a wide enough geographical area to make your network useful ) would mean you realistically would not be dealing with that many individuals and with amount + resources invested to make a network i 'd asume the interests of these people are aligned so i cant see where disagreement will come from . 
  of course if the existing service was good enough that it 's not feasible to add a nother player to the market than no need to worry , if your company is lazy and inefficient than maybe you need to address something . 
   also , as game theory has taught us , there are often strategies which allow one party to sabotage others and still benefit , especially in complicated situations . 
  that 's interesting , i 'm not sure what sort of strategies you are thinking of but i 'm always interested to hear . 
  as it stands i do n't hear of too many people with vendetta 's against phone companies investing in signal blockers or the likes but feel free to inform me of your thoughts, 
   that is the definition of extortion . 
  in the us that 's capitalism baby : =p if you do n't like it go and find someone else who will sell it for less but not blackmail and extortion . 
   i see no reason why the same could not be the case with russia and there is no reason to think the us had some malicious hidden intent in the immediate aftermath of the collapse . 
  you make some good points but let 's face it they did n't do a very good job with russia now did they ? 
  after ww2 the us was a real democracy and not the ironic plutocracy it is today and yea it sure did help get germany and japan back on their feet but iirc the thinking at the time was , this was necessary to stop the dreaded spread of communism . 
  by the time we get to the 70 's 80 's and 90 's the us was more about taking down governments who were unfavorable to them and installing ones who would do as they were told , i 've read confessions of an economic hitman and what they did in south america was criminal so i dont blame those states for hating the us today . 
  america built up a huge debt fighting the cold war and unlike ww2 there was n't going to be the same post war boom due to it 's cold nature , none the less the cost was the same so i see perfect logic when thinking about their actions in other states around the same time how they would want to get a payday from the fall of the ussr . 
  during the 90s i read the russian state was getting 15 cents on the dolllar for it 's oil and gas with a huge amount going to shell and other companies who got to pump and refine it , in any case it was a terrible deal for the state . 
  if america really wanted to help get russia back on their feat why would they see to it they get as little as possible from their own resources ? 
  as far as i can see up until 2012 [ bp owned russian oil ] ( http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2012/10/30/russia-re-nationalizing-its-oil.html ) so the only people who seemed to profit were a few olligarchs and western corporations who did the work . 
  i 've read up a lot on putins rise to power and it seems all he has done ( while also making himself very rich ) is take on and fight the olligarchs even though they initally backed himand take back russian resources from private and foreign control . 
  while this might not suit the west from a purely neutral standpoint he 's not been the world leader given the lot he got when he came to power . 
  sigh ... 
  your first link is in relation to ukraine but you just misread i guess or just happened to not put it in context but in any case nothing was up with the lithuanian supply and nothing was cut for them . 
   the european union and russia traded charges of blackmail on friday over the future of ukraine . 
   the kremlin threatened the country with trade losses worth billions and costing hundreds of thousands of jobs if it signed up to a strategic pact with the european union , senior lithuanian officials said . 
  your second link is firstly relating to oil products and not gas and in fact cites russia saying it was a brief cut for maintance but again you leave that out your third link is well fox news so need i say more ... . . but all i will say is small countries will always have less bargining power than large ones like germany and the price they pay for gas is on par . 
  fox news ( why would i expect less from them ) are of course happy to quote prices from 10 years ago as relevant to today . 
  oh and lituania 's problems can be pointed toward belarus and not just russia but i know they love to blame all their problems on russia http://www.euractiv.com/energy/belarus-stops-gas-transit-west-news-495494, 
   that 's not really true though . 
  russia ( and several other former soviet states ) did a horrible job at privatising assets -- something the west really can not be blamed for -- how can the west not be blamed , it was western advisors and the same economic hitmen who messed up south america along with the imf who steered them through the whole thing . 
   when resource rights were sold , they were not put on open market auctions for the highest bidder ; they were privately sold to well-connected individuals with government links ( especially kgb ones ) . 
  that 's not strictly true although in the end it did go that way , to begin with there was the vouchers system where state assets were divided up in a sort of national lottery iirc , the shares were given out to the population but 1/1000th of some factory worth to a person living through the worst times in russian history who needs to eat . 
  not to mention the fact someone who lived through communism their whole life has no idea what such shares are worth so very soon those who were smart and not so desperate could buy vouchers for pennies on the dollar and build themselves up huge business out of nothing . 
  all of this was done under the eyes of the west who were more than happy to watch power move to a few private hands who could be easilly be influenced . 
  yes the whole thing was botched but they werent exactly getting the best advice imo , i mean why could the state not keep most assets nationalized instead of giving them away for nothing if they were not under pressure to do so ? 
  i 'll admit i do n't know the in 's and out 's and the whole story but regardless of whatever side you like to take when putin came to power and took the power back from the olligarchs it was the best thing someone could have done to help rebuild the russian state . 
  i believe the west wanted to make sure there was no russian state hence the botched way it was let go into private hands . 
  i do n't agree , any rational group of people could decide on a concensus that works for all and would be cheaper too since the huge government bribes you have to pay for access would not be needed . 
  as it stands spectrum is widely underutilized anyway, 
   its not like russia could/would blackmail europe like they do/have done with ukraine and other eastern european countries that dared to turn towards the west . 
  russia cut off gas to ukraine over unpaid bills and the fact they were stealing gas destined for eu clients . 
  yes russia offered them below market prices but removal of that because they turned down the offer to join the eurasian union over the eu is no more blackmail than the eu not paying agriculure subsidys to a country who decides to leave it 's zone . 
  how has russia blackmailed , finland , lituania , poland , estonia , germany ? 
  oh yea they have n't because they did n't break terms and pay as agreed . 
  pretty rich coming from the guy who wo n't source his claim russia spent 50 billion propping up the `` stock market '' the figures are there but i think it 's about time you learned to do some independent study of your own :p bty : i do n't claim they all go home i said they are foreign born so can and often do go home after their studies are completeted .
