thats true . 
  i wish i could say that i would be different , but i doubt it . 
  you see footage of children there beeing brainwashed to hate and kill everything foreign to them and so they do . 
  its sad to see , but i totally understand why people do stuff like that after growing up in that society . 
  never claimed that they are . 
  just saying that christians did the same thing back then . 
  sure it was 500 years ago , but it also was in the name of a god . 
  the only thing im saying is , that i find religion just stupid . 
  living your life in the name of a god is just a thing i cant wrap my head around . 
  i might be ignorant but thats just the way i see it . 
  what does it matter ? 
  the tools change , but war stays the same . 
  its all for religion - in the lower ranks and might and money in the upper . 
  its always been that way and always will be . 
  even christianity fought major wars for gods sake ... how ridiculous . 
  this is absolutely right . 
  also it can be hard to determine wether you are bombing isis members or civilians . 
  plus its a very huge area to oversee and from the air it all gets exponentially more difficult . 
  air strikes are really hard to coordinate if you dont know where to bomb . 
  man i dont know how to feel about that . 
  i always imagine finnish beeig exactly like this https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=4om1rqkpiji , 
  hey we have nothing against you !, 
  - germany, 
  might have to ask the danish . 
  no idea . 
  never said i was for that law . 
  just that it made sense to fine someone for breaking it . 
  does n't matter how stupid it is . 
  in court . 
  phew , i understand the reasoning , but i 'd never do that . 
  if you are searched extensively and your actual firearm gets found ... you do n't only lose your permit and get all your firearms taken away , but there are probably other charges against you aswell . 
  yeah i would n't risk that . 
  you can carry gas pistols with a `` kleiner waffenschein '' since its considered a ptb-weapon . 
  a knife can be carried by anyone as long as its blade does n't extend over 12cm . 
  what / u/deutschleerer said is generally correct . 
  there are things like `` notwehrexzess '' though , which means , that you basically kill an unarmed home invader and you will not be prosecuted if you can convince the jury , that you acted in fear or confusion . 
  you can also argue that you did n't have the lights on and shot an invader because you assumed he had a weapon - in that case you should also be safe . 
  but there is no real black and white when it comes to that . 
  you generally have to act with the least harmful , yet effective way you can . 
  sure thing . 
  you can buy them , but not carry . 
  i have one of those myself , but i would n't want to have that against any potential thread whatsoever as its singleshot . 
  im aware that there are some with magazines , but anyway , youre not allowed to carry them . 
   it is illegal to possess and use pepper spray , so she will likely be charged for that thats fair enough i guess . 
  she does n't face charges for selfe defense , its just how law works . 
  i do n't see anything wrong with that . 
  she was lucky that she had the spray and its a good thing she was able to use it in selfe defense . 
  but carrying it is still illegal so ... as i said i 'd happily pay my fine in that situation . 
  were any bystanders sprayed though ? 
  then i could understand the fine . 
  also i 'd be happy to pay a fine any day if that meant that i would n't get raped . 
  i ca n't really believe that she got fined because of selfe defense though ? 
  well maybe . 
  but i have n't seen an unusually high influx of new shooters at my range . 
  can just speak out of personal experience of course . 
  so who knows . 
  i do n't know honestly . 
  i 'm no expert in self defense . 
  probably pepper spray is the best you can get yeah ? 
  as of now i do n't really feel unsafe yet . 
  im coming from a rather small town with a big refugee camp , but i did n't personally experience anything negative yet . 
  then again , i do n't really run around after dark , so that might influence my thinking . 
  taser is a big nono . 
  it 's considered a forbidden weapon and ca n't even be purchased . 
  pepper spray is kind of a grey zone . 
  anyone can carry it since its considered anti-animal . 
  will see if they change the law for things like pepper spray . 
  as of now anyone can legally purchase and carry it . 
  even the quality of violence in the u.s. is superior . 
  aww shit !, 
  not that i knew of . 
  that regulation refers to real guns , when you are `` transporting '' them ( to the next competition or shooting range ) . 
  the law refers to the transport and carrying differently . 
  as with transporting your weapon has to be in an enclosed case with a lock , and by carrying you can have it holstered ( just for police or `` feldj\u00e4ger '' though ) . 
  you are never supposed to have ammo in the weapon when transporting aswell . 
  hope that clears it a little . 
  thats our secret , we dont , 
  exactly . 
  the `` kleiner waffenschein '' just gives you permission for ptb-weapons - alarm , signal and irritant gas guns . 
  i do n't really think those weapons are really effective in a dangerous situation . 
  its often more likely that weapons escalate the situation more instead of defusing them . 
  and the least thing you want is finding yourself without a real weapon in a potential life threatening situation . 
  just my 2 cents, 
  i laugh at that . 
  you dont just get a gun permit in germany . 
  i have one myse\u00f6f for competitive shooting and it took well over a year to get it . 
  thats because you have to be in a shooting club for one year before you can even suggest to get one . 
  the other way would be to get a hunting licence which is actually pretty hard . 
  because the tests are not easy at all . 
  after all of that , you are still not allowed to carry a fireaem in public no matter what . 
  you are also not allowed to store your firearm anywhere else than in a safe when you are at home . 
  you could get the small waffenschein which would make you able to carry gas pistols , but other than that i dont see a use for gun permits for selfe defense ( maybe home invasion at best ? 
  i had a conversation with an old lady at a train station a few months ago . 
  i was just standing there minding my own business and there she comes . 
  deutsche bahn beeing one minute too late she instantly rants `` ahh immer zu sp\u00e4t schei\u00df bahn '' and i was like `` mh hmm '' and thats it . 
  i hate having conversations at train stations . 
  well the thing is apart from the refugee politics ( which are horribly bad ) the current poitical leadership is doing a pretty nice job in my opinion . 
  at least in terms of education , economy etc. 
  most small parties have a good idea about one single aspect in their political view , but have no idea what to do other than that . 
  and that is the scary thing .
