  you 're clearly informed an intelligent , you 're somebody who can clearly see both sides of an argument . 
  in an orwellian reference , much of what salmond says feels like * doublethink * for instance , he says he wants a currency union , and wants to join the eu . 
  these two things are totally incompatible . 
  you ca n't join the eu without a central bank . 
  promised entrance to the eu fasttracked , despite presidents saying that wo n't happen . 
  does this concern scotland ? 
  it was interesting talking to you !, 
  i came into the beginning of referendum very neutral , but was convinced to be a no because of alex salmond . 
  poor debating skills and evasive . 
  i 'm pretty against my country losing influence on the global field , and dropping down tables and owning less land , and fewer natural resources without me getting a say . 
  that 's a fairly reasonable thing to think . 
  well , the scottish parliament gets a say in how england is run . 
  ( i believe it is called the west lothian question , but citation needed on that ) as well as how wales is run , and northern ireland , whereas the reverse is not possible . 
  scotland has had the best of both worlds for a long time , has voted on issues affecting england , and now wants to leave . 
  think how that must come across to a welsh person , or an irish person . 
  just because it 's on the news , does n't mean people could go toe-to-toe with the politicians . 
  i have been actively following this issue since the beginning , and have spent time in scotland . 
  i 'm also politically minded and have done quite a lot of reading into the matter , going in with an open mind , and willing to learn . 
  what i could say is , i would not like to go into debate with salmond or darling . 
  i would be absolutely ruined by either of them . 
  now , if i am a politically minded person , who has an active interest in the issue , and i would feel far too uninformed to possibly make a decision on an issue of statehood . 
  ( so naturally i would vote no , in this case because that would maintain the status-quo ) . 
  now , your average scot , who really does n't care about politics or economics or is n't poltically minded . 
  this person is not informed enough to debate the finer points of an independence movement . 
  as a result , this election could easily be won by either side by appealing to hearts over minds . 
  and patriotism is not a viable reason for a split . 
  well no , realistically , the whole of the uk should get a vote on their country being cut in half , or it should be compromised on elsewhere . 
  scottish people are getting the option to potentially ruin lives in wales and northern ireland , and the vote could come down to one person voting , or one person not getting out of bed in time to vote . 
  i just feel a simple majority is unfair , and two thirds is n't fair either . 
  i would be happy for scotland to leave should they be in the range of 55-45 or 60-40 . 
  i do n't think it should separate over a few people . 
  it should need resounding support to split . 
  well that 's the same here though . 
  we have no resentment for scots . 
  holyrood however is a completely different matter . 
  but we have to cut benefits , this is n't a tory plot to make everyone poorer . 
  our country had a choice . 
  raise taxes and lose business , which in turn would lower tax income . 
  nationalise profitable companies and make ourselves less investible . 
  or cut benefits and other unnecessary services . 
  scotland * will * face this decision in the future . 
  scotland is a completely viable state , but not in the way it has been outlined to the population . 
  it will not be smooth , and it will not be cushy , and the poor * will * get poorer before they get richer . 
  as an englishman , i am happy to pay higher tuition fees to ensure the safety of my state in the future . 
  i would sacrifice a lot to keep our union together . 
  at the moment , scotland has free prescriptions , free universities and a devolved and representational parliament . 
  english people from the poorer regions do n't get this luxury , and scotland becoming independent will threaten the continuation of these benefits for you . 
  for instance , if we become two seperate countries , scotland wo n't be able to stop hundreds of english students flooding its university expecting free tuition , and scotland will not be able to stop them . 
  denmark tried , and they 're getting told off by the eu . 
  a lot of strain will suddenly be on very newly formed organisations . 
  i just fear for the future of an independent state . 
  out of interest , what will you be voting ( if you want to say ) , and would you have changed your mind should max devolution had been an option ? 
  i buy english bacon . 
  in the real world though , i could n't really care less about the current internal issues of scotland , and i would assume scotland does n't really care about england . 
  no resentment , just ... apathy . 
  what i would be utterly pissed off about would be . 
  after a decade or two of devolution , scotland fucked up our universities , voted on english issues , and then leaves . 
  that would cause resentment . 
  that would cause hatred of scotland . 
  i mean , we do n't like the tories either , my seat has only ever elected one tory in it 's entire existence . 
  but we are n't calling for independence , despite having a reasonably valid reason for it . 
  it just is n't fair on any of us . 
  the amount of devolution scotland has now should afford them the ability to take control of a lot more internal affairs than the snp has used . 
  it feels to me , as if the snp has not made the most of their devolved powers , in order to strengthen their case for independence . 
  things are being fixed though , britain entered a recession which was n't its own fault . 
  it 's not recovering , and quite frankly very quickly . 
  scotland leaving could , and i will lean towards saying would , jeopardise this recovery for england , wales , northern ireland and scotland . 
  we 've seen how the market reacted to narrowing polls and the drop in the value of the pound . 
  becoming independent isolates scotland , and with a smaller budget , and lower ability to repay their debts , could really hinder trying to fix things . 
  that 's just my take on the situation , i understand there are many different takes on it . 
  no still in the lead really , but it will be tight . 
  to be honest , this should n't be decided on a simple majority . 
  the future of a country should not be hinged on a simple majority of an uninformed population . 
  i 'm not saying the scots are stupid , or any less educated than anyone else , but this is a big political issue , and really not a vote for getting rid of the tories or patriotism , it is an important decision ... 
  scotland could ramp up its taxes in the event of independence to make up the deficits it will have . 
  but the big businesses are unlikely to want that . 
  your capital would be edinburgh , a historic seat of where the rich go to get richer and the banking sector runs rampant . 
  there would be such a powerful lobby against the government that taxes would likely stay the same , and instead services would be cut . 
  this could backfire so horrendously for scotland should they have to implement austerity . 
  they will still be living like that in glasgow should scotland become an independent state . 
  independence will not solve anything , although it risks ( no definite ) creating more issues . 
  i think england and scotland get along pretty well . 
  i was n't aware of any resentment . 
  it just seems that catalonia is making things a lot more difficult for themselves to try and make themselves feel oppressed . 
  this is from an outside viewer . 
  they have autonomy do n't they , is n't catalonia an autonomous region . 
  the spanish government likely can not lord any large degree of power over the catalonian people . 
  it just seems that this idea of independence has come from years of the catalonian people self inflicting . 
  this may not be the case , but it is how it came across . 
  why bother to learn catalan . 
  cornish has fallen out of popularity , so has the languages of the channel islands . 
  because it was more convenient to just speak english . 
  as it would likely be more simple if someone in catalonia spoke spanish and spoke catalan at home . 
  yeah . 
  he says , `` we 'll join the eu '' and `` we will have a currency union '' . 
  no salmond . 
  you can have one of those things . 
  he neglects to mention it , and when questioned on it , he said that he will have it . 
  a grade debating from salmond . 
  it 's from denmark .
