  always wanted to learn danish , nowhere to achieve my dream . 
  except denmark . 
  french and english are arbitrary adventures in pronunciation . 
  seriously though , dessus and dessous . 
  get on that france . 
  denmark tried that , they 're in battles with the eu , who told them they need to offer the grants to every eu citizen if they offer it to the danish . 
  as a wulfrunian , i am curious as to why you suggested wolverhampton . 
  lot 's of people need help here , and it is completely valid , but people tend to forget we exist . 
  we 've recently had a tech and industry surge , which is promising , but a counter-balance to london in the region would be helpful . 
  and expanding birmingham 's sphere of influence would be a good thing , at the moment it drains up all the funds we desperately need . 
  ( they 're considering a fucking monorail while we struggle to keep out council running ), 
  it does seem odd when other people seem to be jeering at a really important decision in the history of our countries as some kind of entertainment . 
  yes i get historical ireland and historical uk had some disagreements , which i shall not comment my stance on because of the nature of the argument , this is n't the point . 
  just because it seems like a scene from braveheart , it really is n't , and it is n't really for outsiders to comment on in this manner . 
  just my opinion . 
  i sort of want scotland to go just for that flag . 
  and so we can be the kingdom of england again . 
  i found the comments on this article far more informative than the article . 
  the article really did n't say anything , just bumbled around for a while . 
  whereas the comments had quotations and cited sources saying the contrary . 
  british isles are fairly reasonably split up . 
  combining parts of germany and france is a bit up , but sweden looks like a reunification of their empire, 
  there seems to be a really odd alliance in the eu which i would n't have predicted . 
  the uk-hungary-netherlands-sweden resistance to quite a lot of things is strange , but generally , they 're a tad more valid than france 's veto on this case . 
  the uk really does need to calm itself down , i 'd like to see veto 's like this done away with so we can actually progress within the parliament why do n't we just move the whole parliament to france permanently ? 
  would there be strong opposition to that ? 
  i literally put an example right underneath the quotation you have made . 
  the movement of the parliament to strasbourg , for literally no reason . 
  why would you do that . 
  why . 
  the benefits and expenses that meps get is also concerning , and is apparently extremely open to fraudulent claims . 
  this is fairly well documented . 
  overall , this is a tiny amount when compared to eu gdp , that 's true , but even if they just put the parliament in one place , you would eventually save hundreds of millions of euros which could be directly reinvested into europe . 
  and for your second point , i completely understand he is n't really in the position of what one would normally consider to be a president . 
  however , when we act as a single organisation ( and this is a political organisation ) it would seem fair to allow the people who head it up . 
  especially when some countries have such strong opinions against him . 
  i considered how this would be possible , but it would require a country to give away some of their land . 
  i propose we just build a european parliament on the falklands . 
  just a giant shining monument , preferably visible from argentina . 
  i completely understand what ireland does , and it is n't the worst idea ever , but it could really get into the way of political processes . 
  it feels like it is a way to get the pressure off the politicians backs . 
  people just do n't know enough about politics to be allowed to have a vote . 
  each member of the public has an opinion , but i would trust 1 think cameron said over 100 people in the public . 
  it 's his bloody job . 
  to be honest , i would propose quite a lot for the future of the european union . 
  their money wastage is really concerning . 
  moving the whole parliament around for literally no reason except for the fact that france would throw a hissy fit is annoying . 
  the parliament should be centralised and permanent . 
  ( i 'd propose there should be a vote about where it should be hosted , but that could be expensive ) at the moment it feels like it is run like a company . 
  very important positions , such as the recent `` election '' of juncker really cause people a lot of issues . 
  president should be voted on , or they should drop the image of pretending to be a representative government . 
  i am so pro eu , i am a federalist , but there are deep seated issues over there on the continent . 
  this really is the case , they 've done the hardwork for the mainstream politicials by highlighting the flaws , but retard themselves but proposing awful situations . 
  if they toned themselves down a bit , they might begin to get backing from economists and business people, 
  i love you france , do n't worry < 3 . 
  now if you would just give all of your lands to the crown and remove your independence and right to self-determination , i think we could get along jut fine . 
  i do n't think britain is particularly arrogant , the least arrogant , no . 
  we 're more arrogant than that . 
  but i 'd say we were probably pretty low down the table . 
  if france would have attacked germany at the start of the war , france would have crippled germany . 
  but france did n't want to fight , and in being reluctant , germany built up enough forces to crush them . 
  i do n't feel comfortable calling the nazi 's germany after writing that . 
  germany is an excellent place , and it makes me feel odd imagining the atrocities of the past . 
  i mean , it 's not that bad , but it definitely would n't be my first choice . 
  land of hope and glory would be the first i 'd suggest, 
  i like it , but it is a bit boring . 
  land of hope and glory is amazing though . 
  i love the russian anthem , i honestly think it is so uplifting and rousing . 
  but the eu one is amazing . 
  latin and german are my favourite lyrics , but the english is a bit lame , which is a shame . 
  i mean it does n't really matter in the end , this wo n't change any votes . 
  but darling had that argument because it is fairly strong . 
  it 's a fundamental question , and what 's telling is that salmond still has n't prepared an answer for it . 
  what was extremely interesting was salmond 's response . 
  he was happy , and said that essentially , he would n't mind forcing scotland to default on its debts , just to spite england , wales and northern ireland . 
  now if the no campaign get onto that , this could be a killer blow for them . 
  it would be completely logical that maybe women do n't want to be politicians . 
  there 's similar gender imbalances in primary teaching , social care and nursing , but nobody is pressuring them to accept more men . 
  in all fairness though , there are just fewer female politicians here . 
  not necessarily because of discrimination , just , women do n't want to be politicians , probably . 
  we 've had female heads of state , and a head of government , and a cabinet comprised of a load of women . 
  to say we 're not representing women is just silly . 
  i like cammers . 
  but this was a bad play , really . 
  he should have forwarded a decent candidate , male or otherwise and had a verbal protest . 
  realistically the `` undecideds '' probably are n't going to vote . 
  lots of people put down joke answers . 
  i mean , all these polls are pointless , there 's only one poll that matters , and it is next month, 
  i live in wolverhampton . 
  shit is going down over here about this . 
  groups of people are calling it is just racism , but it really goes deeper . 
  whole boards of executives fired , governors removed . 
  there was something seriously wrong with those schools . 
  the most shocking one was a school in birmingham , who 's governors voted to reduce spending in school , and save up to send all of their muslim students to saudi arabia for free . 
  but only the muslims . 
  so what happened is , selectively kids were denied a fair education , then denied a trip . 
  i am also worried about sending these kids to mecca . 
  wahabbi trap or what . 
  i had a few liberal muslim friends . 
  they were raised in britain , and had never experienced try arab living .
