aldi bratwursts are nearly as good as some of the ones i had in germany . 
  way cheaper and way nicer than a british sausage . 
  it is quite pork heavy , and kasespatzle ( ? ), 
  was absolutely delicious . 
  it feels more like german pasta than grits ( i can only say that from wiki searches , i ` be never experienced it first hand ) when we think of german food , we do only think of bavarian , there is some damn good fish in northern germany too !, 
  i do n't pay much attention to them . 
  america and the uk dominate and it is n't fair . 
  i believe they take into account the amount of government funding they get . 
  uk and usa can afford ore . 
  scotland has the power to change taxes , the snp pretends they do n't to strengthen their case for independence . 
  we 're relying upon everyone to vote for no , upsetting the ignorant might lose us the vote . 
  it 's like bloody 1984 ... iscot , devomax , and salmond does a bloody good job at doublethink ... 
  but essentially , scotland would be governed like the bavaria of britain . 
  there is n't really much difference between our cuisines is there ? 
  irish food is nice enough !, 
  hearty , not necessarily refined , but tasty and filling . 
  i came here to say bavarian !, 
  i have never eaten as well as when i was in a village near erding . 
  my lord . 
  i 'm glad that our relations have improved to this point . 
  at one point in our history , that would have been set on fire . 
  countries which were pressured into accepting the euro would n't be happy with it . 
  like four lions , but on a party bus . 
  it would probably go through the various sit com problems , they end up in ibiza , etc. 
  like four lions but better ,, 
  but when we look at football matches , there is a tiny population , of about 22000 people . 
  out of these , 100 people might have a bit of a fight . 
  i 'm not suggesting scotland are hooligans , by no means . 
  scotland is no way more barbaric than the rest of the uk . 
  but when we have a population of 6million . 
  there will be idiots , like the knobs at football matches . 
  i feel like a post referendum scotland will be a powder keg , whether or not it will kick off is a different matter . 
  it was made very clear that she meant it in a completely neutral manner !, 
  she wants no to think just as hard as yes . 
  i 'd like to hope so , but i somehow doubt it . 
  people nearly have riots if their favourite football teams lose . 
  the argument sort of makes sense , the execution is poor . 
  this is what i am worried about if there is a yes vote , there will be a massive unionist reaction . 
  if there is a no vote , there will likely be a large , but less massive seperatist reaction . 
  this is n't going to be a good period whatever the result . 
  i think there will be violence . 
  i think there will be individual response referenda . 
  islands will be pledging themselves to the crown and refusing the result and towns will be declaring themselves independent . 
  border towns will probably be in uproar . 
  this is nothing like , as you said , norway and sweden , this is going to leave 3 million people upset whatever happens . 
  the manner in which the debt will be decided could go either way . 
  at the moment , i believe they 're leaning upon it being divided by population , which would be fair . 
  but when it comes down to it , scotland will have to generate most of its revenues by tax , which makes sense . 
  that 's how any other country would make money . 
  but salmond is promising quite a lot of things , all of which sound lovely , but are possibly not in the realms of feasibility . 
  he 's said he wants to reverse the years of `` austerity '' that britain has been in , which means ramping up spending . 
  once more , that 's fair . 
  however , he plans to introduce free child care , free school meals , maintain free universities ( which will be absolutely flooded with english people wanting free education ) among other proposals . 
  taxes can only be raised so high before businesses will want nothing to do with you , and it would be against the socialist ethos to lower corporation tax . 
  so it 's likely , tax revenue wo n't increase very much , whereas spending will , likely scotland will have to borrow money to cover it . 
  to adress the university point , denmark recently introduced a system where they charged people for university . 
  this allowed them to charge eu nationals to come to danish universities . 
  what they then did was give grants to danish nationals who wanted to go to university . 
  the eu jumped in and shut this down almost instantly . 
  what it looks like at the moment is that scotland will be allowed cultural opt outs , perhaps on eu nationals living in the shetlands and such , but universities might have a bit of an issue . 
  on the eu . 
  it has been made very clear that scotland would be given a completely fair chance to join the eu . 
  that 's completely fair . 
  however , jos\u00e9 barroso , the former pec , backed up by juncker said that they would have to fully reapply to join the eu . 
  which is fine , scotland meets all of the requirements . 
  where the issue comes is from spain , belgium , france the the kingdom of england . 
  catalan independence has surged , and spain will look to stop that . 
  flanders wants to be independent , and belgium will fight to stop it . 
  i 'm not saying they will directly veto it , i could n't predict that , but they will certainly fight to stop scotland having special opt outs . 
  it 's also very unlikely that scotland would have the opt outs that britain enjoys , due to them having to fully reapply . 
  this is n't a problem , most european nations handle pretty well without them . 
  however , at the moment , we enjoy opt outs on the fishing industry , which scotland may not get . 
  we 've opted out of schengen , and very important to this campaign , the euro . 
  which brings me on to my next point . 
  to join the eu , scotland as an independent country , will lack one thing . 
  alex salmond has become so hooked on a currency union , he has forgotten something . 
  to join the eu , a country * needs * to have a central bank . 
  if there is a currency union , scotland will not have one . 
  this could lead to them having to adopt the ecb as their central bank , and they could be left with the decision . 
  adopt the euro , or do not join . 
  thanks for you being so cordial and answering , nice to see that on reddit . 
  i 'm not anti-yes , i 've just got to support the side which has answers to questions . 
  while i believe no might have gone in with the scaremongering , salmond just did n't answer questions . 
  he legitimately does not have a plan b for anything . 
  he is assuming everything will be perfect , which does n't happen in the real world . 
  i am scared for scotland , because that could be a disaster . 
  an english parliament would just stop welsh and scottish votes , and would n't change anything except mean the tories will be in power for ever . 
  literally for ever . 
  a federalist state will allow the north to be labour , the south to be tory , and for us all to get along better with each other , while still maintaining the monarchy and a central government in westminster . 
  it just seems like the natural solution if scotland is so desperate for independence . 
  i 've seen some reasonable propositions for a federalist state for the uk . 
  england about 6 regions , scotland 2 , then wales and northern ireland could leave us with 10 states , and a central government , and quite frankly , everyone would be happy . 
  i 'll completely point out the flaws of the tories , and that they should tax the rich more , but that was never going to happen . 
  it can be passed off as `` dave helping his mates '' but that is n't particularly the case . 
  on the case of university , i believe scottish mps actually voted to increase tuition fees in england . 
  citation needed , but i am almost certain that that was the case . 
  england holds university important , but it was a very expensive thing . 
  an independent scotland would likely be swarmed with an unstoppable flood of english students wanting free university . 
  scotland does n't have those things because it holds them important , it 's because it merely had the means to do it . 
  i feel worried , not about voters like you , but the general population .
