  ( their parents shielded them from it as they thought it was harmful . ), 
  their parents were very mild muslims , and came here to flee persecution . 
  they were very thankful to britain . 
  however , they went on holiday to visit family from pakistan , and quite frankly , their kids came back pretty fucking mental . 
  they suddenly thought they were being oppressed by british culture . 
  their parents did n't know what to do with them . 
  they went from `` would n't know they were muslim unless you spoke to them '' to `` radical hate preachers '' in months . 
  suddenly , he hates gay people , suddenly he is encouraging conversions to islam . 
  it 's absolutely crazy . 
  interestingly , the sister came back the same way she was , completely unchanged , but the two boys . 
  quite similar to poland , the others , not so much . 
  that 's why i 'd first propose a unification between germany , france , uk , netherlands , belgium . 
  the western states first . 
  we could drain the english channel and finally be together, 
  take the example of switzerland , they are rich , and act like this perfect land . 
  but they 're essentially an extension of germany . 
  their irrelevancy causes them to just be taken up by the nearest most powerful country . 
  sure they think they 're doing fine , and on a civic level , they are , but everyone would n't care to tread over them and dictate their future, 
  i could see france , germany and the uk transitioning fairly quickly into a single state , that would probably work well together . 
  the issue comes when trying to add new states , it would stall , britain does n't like eastern europe , france does n't get on with the southern europeans and germany hates the turks . 
  our people are fairly similar , but their opinions change too much, 
  durham is nice enough , but it is a bit , much of a muchness . 
  it 's a very nice gothic looking church , one of the nicest in england , that 's for sure . 
  but at the end of a day , it is one building , which is n't as nice as its european counterparts . 
  bath is pretty unique in the aspect of an entire city of one base material . 
  does n't happen very often , churches are everywhere . 
  i am pro-federalist , and i struggle to explain why , but i think you 've hit the nail on the head here . 
  people really do n't realise quite how similar we are to germany and france . 
  and how different we are from the usa . 
  it is purely and simply just the fact of language . 
  it is easy to compare ourselves to the us because they speak english . 
  but england and france have a much longer shared history than the us . 
  we 're incredibly similar people . 
  if somebody could find the correct words to propose federalism to the uk , i reckon it would take off . 
  the thing is , switzerland is so small , that would be a disproportionately large amount of stations and would be unnecessary . 
  that would be like having stops between , london , birmingham , liverpool , machester , glasgow and edinburgh . 
  you can easily catch local trains/coaches/buses in some cases between these cities . 
  it 's this exact reason that the government is facing opposition from fascist parties in the uk , and in france too . 
  the fn control a huge amount of councils in france these days , and it is because the established government wo n't deal with radicals . 
  but it seems like britain may sanction air strikes in iraq today , i wonder what reaction it will get from these people . 
  to note on the construction empires , my city ( in england ) had a massive reconstruction and redevelopment program they 'd been saving for for years and it sounded incredible . 
  it was all managed and sorted by an irish company . 
  boom , global crunch , company folds , dumps the regeneration project . 
  our city tries to tank it , ca n't tank it , tried to get it from ireland and our government , ca n't get it . 
  bankrupt councils redundancies all over the place . 
  pretty bad times for everyone . 
  it was n't ireland 's fault that this happened , but with their overextended industries , they set themselves up for a bigger fall than other european countries . 
  it 's a shame really , but i am glad to hear that ireland is recovering . 
  it was a joke friend . 
  based on the fact of the culture of taking longer lunches , such as the two hours in southern france , and the ingrained stereotype of siestas and such . 
  which are completely acceptable , it is n't safe to be in the sun that long in southern europe . 
  i do n't really think italy and greece are lazy , perhaps over reliant on tourism and not enough industry , yes . 
  but not lazy . 
  nah , they want to commit to western europe and scandinavia , but they come with baggage like the lazy south . 
  teach us how to love again , denmark . 
  turkey really is n't anything european . 
  although down in the roots of time if was part of the roman sphere of influence , so was morocco and nobody would argue that is european either . 
  turkey is just trying to leech of the eu , and i am pretty happy german politicians are standing up against that one . 
  they need kicking off the candidate list . 
  you 're a good op, 
  midlands is all about the vauxhall astras . 
  i think they look really nice as police cars . 
  my county uses vauxhall astras a lot of the time , but has a few more . 
  i 'm pro federal so that 's why i am completely happy to stick with it . 
  i can , from my perspective , see nothing more beneficial than the formation of one sovereign state as a federal republic . 
  my argument is that we should n't leave , and fight to stay in the european union , and deny the referendum attempts . 
  not particularly , at the moment it offers many great opportunities for me . 
  a guaranteed job overseas , european grants for me to move there , no borders , a pretty sound immigration policy with a right to work and travel . 
  if there was drastic reform , i might lose some of these rights . 
  i would never vote ukip , i would rather have labour continue to dominate than have the scum of the earth take the seat . 
  i do n't want eu reform either and i do n't want out of the eu . 
  there is n't a decent pro-europe party to vote for either , which is annoying . 
  likely i wo n't vote tory though , but to be honest , it does n't really matter what i vote , my constituency has only ever had one non labour in its entire existence , and that really only looks set to change to ukip ... 
  i want tories to win a successive term , but i do n't want them to propose a referendum . 
  i 'm pro eu for various reasons , but i am scared the general population would vote to leave based on ukip scaremongering for a lot of people . 
  that 's the most beautiful thing i have ever read . 
  i always wonder what david cameron has put in his letters of last resort . 
  i reckon he said never use/retaliate with nuclear arms but i would n't have put it past him to say nuke the shit out of everyone . 
  and i dunno , i think even putin would rather lose russia than to kill millions . 
  in all fairness , in history no , because horses got cold and people got cold . 
  that does n't matter anymore . 
  well , i do n't think even russia would use a nuclear weapon , for sure not . 
  hopefully not . 
  maybe not . 
  god save the queen . 
  the first verse sort of translates to : europe , now is united , and long may it remain , as one in [ our ] diversity , world peace increases . 
  it 's pretty cool !, 
  i love playing as england and just getting the civ instrumental version of it , it 's what made me fall in love with the song . 
  i like god save the queen , but some of the later verses maybe ? 
  however , my vote would always go for i vow to thee . 
  i would always vote i vow to thee , over land of hope and glory . 
  the english version is so cheesy , it really does n't translate well !, 
  have you heard the latin one though the latin version is actually very nice , political and faith neutral too . 
  it will be good for romania though . 
  romania needs this , and i am sure they will be very careful to preserve wildlife . 
  i would assume lots of it would be protected in a national park status . 
  at the moment , very few people would consider romania to be a place to go for tourism , but with the danube being developed , i would image it would open up the river cruising market a lot . 
  from what i can say as an english french speaker is that i have noticed this . 
  i am far more comfortable speaking in english than french , obviously , but i try my best while in france . 
  when i start a conversation i start with `` hello '' because that 's natural , i say hello like , 8 times a day so it just comes out .
