  yeah , pretty much the same here . 
  british first , then irish , then the rest of europe would be the main way i would try to buy things . 
  it 's in the interest of france to let them go to the uk . 
  because then they do n't have to pay for them . 
  once they 're in the uk , it 's the british problem . 
  in all fairness , this just means france needs to build more detainment centres . 
  because until france sorts this out , britain will keep building its barriers higher and higher . 
  france needs to address this issue . 
  and this really is france 's problem . 
  the issue could come from the fact that cameron agreed to a simple majority . 
  so 50.01 % could cause scotland to split . 
  literally one person could cause a split . 
  should a different party come into power , they could say that 's not a valid margin and ignore the result , and we 're literally powerless to stop that . 
  i want scotland to pick it 's future ( i 'd rather that be in the union ) and i would personally respect the outcome . 
  but should a hardline party come in , bad luck scotland . 
  you 're with us , and forget devolution . 
  how does this work in the real world though . 
  how can a country , especially one such as spain have developed this kind of split . 
  in the uk there is obviously the main language of english , but then there is welsh . 
  one would expect a welsh speaker to speak english , but not expect an english speaker to speak welsh . 
  are signs in catalonia bilingual as they are in wales ? 
  why would a catalonian bother to learn it , as opposed to just speaking spanish ? 
  it just boggles me about how this could have happened . 
  so catalan and modern spanish , are they mutually intelligible was what i was getting at ? 
  is there a worthy distinction in teaching , or is it more of a few changed words and an accent . 
  personal taste , i am so anti-independence . 
  i am a unionist and ultimately a federalist . 
  i always weigh in my point of wanting tri-lateral talks between the uk , germany and france to form a northern european state . 
  that would likely go down well in the uk ( where they like the eu , but not the east and south ) but i am not so sure of the reactions from the french and germans . 
  the issue is , that would n't be the case . 
  would people really vote for the snp after independence ? 
  there would just be a huge surge of labour voters , and you would have a similar government to in london , except there would likely be some dilution of the numbers with unionist parties forming . 
  edinburgh is a city of financial services and will be lobbied just as much as westminster ever was . 
  go to wolverhampton , blackpool or bolton . 
  there are problems in england , and scotland is in no way worse off than anywhere else . 
  according to some calculations , scotland already benefits from the union without separation moreso than england does . 
  spain has far too many autonomous regions to even try and function as a unitary state . 
  while i do n't support catalonian independence , i support the federalisation of spain . 
  ( while maintaining the monarchy ) catalan becoming independent would just leave a small , isolate state , which would probably not be able to resist external influences as well as spain . 
  i speak and am learning a few languages , but never touched on iberian ones . 
  are catalan/spanish/basque all that dissimilar ? 
  sorry , i should be a bit more clear . 
  in england , people are notoriously lazy , and refuse to learn anything except english ( the type of people who do this generally do n't speak english very well either ... ) but then expect people to understand them . 
  like , they do n't speak german , but would approach a german while speaking english and expect a fluent response . 
  they also dislike people who do n't give english style service . 
  they accuse all foreigners are being rude , just because of the way they do things elsewhere . 
  my tl ; dr would be , the english are rude to foreign people , then get annoyed if they 're rude back . 
  if i were in germany , i would have a damn good go at trying to speak german , rather than just expecting english . 
  it 's reasonably expected for them to speak english , but do n't take it for granted . 
  i think that would be included in scotland . 
  take them both . 
  please . 
  the uk pretty overwhelmingly wants to be in the eu and wants our outspoken minority to shut up . 
  yeah , at the moment , ireland really is n't in a place to take on quite a lot of land full of people who might be quite against it keeping things how they are is probably for the best for all 3 of us . 
  thanks for the reply !, 
  you know what . 
  why not . 
  why not . 
  spent some time in bulgaria . 
  strange place , but very nice , and decent people there too . 
  it 's a nice building to take a picture of though . 
  my time in munich and the surrounding areas was the greatest time . 
  although , i was staying in a small town/village , and the food was so great . 
  all little traditional pubs and restaurants . 
  this is something about london in general though , the easy to find places are shit . 
  birmingham always ones up food over london for me . 
  it 's got a lower-key tourist scene , and the food and restaurants have survived . 
  yeah i do n't get this . 
  i was just in spain , and lots of english people were moaning about wine and paella and people not speaking english ... of course they are n't speaking bloody english . 
  we 're not all like that , my time spent in greece was off the beaten track , and was one of the most enjoyable times of my life . 
  trade you scotland 's oil for whatever it is that ireland exports . 
  i 'll trade you our inedible black liquid for your edible black liquid . 
  yeah , i mean , this could have been a better map , but it would have required far too much research than it would have been worth . 
  out of interest ( i am not too up to date on all of this ) is there much of a serious sentiment that ni would want to join roi over the uk , or that the roi would like ni to join them ? 
  or is it just lots of vocal minorities , and the majority just want a quiet life and to stay the same ? 
  we 're pretty chill with canada , new zealand and australia . 
  the falklands are perfect just the way they are !, 
  our african colonies do n't seem to like us very much though . 
  how about , we give you scotland ? 
  nah ireland , i 'd definitely like to see us getting along better than someone over the ocean . 
  although the people have calmed down , our governments will reconcile one day . 
  ( i do n't mean a union , i mean as proper friends ), 
  i 'd have thought ni would have rather been it 's own country rather than a part of roi . 
  i get the impression the northerners do n't really like either of us , and just want us both to shut up . 
  england is cold australia with animals that just jump around . 
  that 's strange mine is germany !, 
  i feel more at home in bavaria than i do in the uk . 
  similar buildings , but cleaner , and more friendly people over in germany . 
  everyone just seems a lot more , happy as well . 
  i love it , i would give up a lot to live in germany , sheerly because of how similar we are , but you have better weather !, 
  ( also i am a sucker for german food . 
  my god , i have never eaten as well as when in germany , best world cuisine , hands down . ), 
  we can veto it easily , belgium , france , spain are also countries with vetos who are seeing movements for independence and would possibly vote to veto them . 
  yeah , scotland wants to join nato , but does n't want nuclear weapons and does n't want an army . 
  ( they want a `` small national defense force '' ) . 
  they just want the best of all worlds , without considering all of the external powers which will directly try and stop them from doing that . 
  i have been waiting for this for a while now !, 
  as a brit , you really do n't notice the eu policies , they 've probably made no difference to us , or just not changed much ( as britain generally had higher than the eu minimum standards to start with ) also , the british are generally in favour of the eu , but there is an extremely vocal minority . 
  it 's fairly composed of muslim-haters and immigration from nonwhite countries . 
  independence from eu parties spin this , and turn it into an anti-eu cause , and somehow it seems to work ...
