you never heard of bread and circuses ? 
  well , they still are going up against the big fox news and cnn machine in america . 
  really , has their been a time in the last century when the us did n't interfere in global affairs once they got to a point that was as bad as the rhetorical one we are talking about ? 
  i mean , the united states has almost been constantly at war through out it 's history , yet this trope appears on here that american 's ca n't stomach war . 
  it 's not the casualties that made the average american want to pull out , it was the amount of money being spent and total mismanagement of the war . 
  people were still totally game for catching osama , even at the height of the war 's unpopularity . 
  people here in the states wanted it over because it was total cluster fuck to begin with , to the point that obama was voted in because he campaign on being the complete opposite of george bush . 
  people like him ( and his critics fear him ) because of how effective and brutal he has been with the military actions through out his presidency ( namely orders to kill and drone attacks ) . 
  when the 9/11 attacks first happened , people went into it expecting a big glorious war like world war 2 . 
  instead , after we quickly knocked out saddam 's regime , it turned into us policing the area for years . 
  it 's a totally different type of war then what would happen with russia . 
  the us is good at quickly dispatching governments , protecting it 's allies and change out countries policies , not keeping an area under constant surveillance because of a rising insurgency/civil war . 
  ukraine also is n't a nato country , if one did get attacked , a big part of it would be the us ( and average american ) wanting to ensure that it 's diplomatic system and power goes unchallenged . 
  another part that i want to add is that the united states has been fighting a global war for nearly 15 years now . 
  in that time , their military has gained a ton of experience , pioneered new technology/forms of warfare and had a whole new generation of american 's raised on it being glorified . 
  just look at how quickly our local police forces have been militarized . 
  yea , russia quickly took over the crimea and there was that incident with georgia , but has russia seen anything close to the war on terror over the past 25 years ? 
  edit : i say this not as ignorant overly proud america who has been brain washed by our media , but as a realist who has some rather big issues with both the united states military and government . 
  we are by no means perfect , but if there is one thing that could be said about america , it 's that we created the industrial military complex to begin with . 
  basically , i am very weary about russia poking at a big hornets nest and the us/other nato countries all out attacking it based on the united states actions over the course of my lifetime . 
  where and who are they going to get it from ? 
  i do n't know man , i think you are under estimating the amount of people in the us who have eastern european backgrounds . 
  the north east and great lakes especially have a lot of former immigrant families that came from places in the balkans , ukraine , poland and eastern germany . 
  there is a much deeper attachment to those regions than the middle east plus many of them are nato countries . 
  hell , most of my family lives in poland or the ukraine and we keep an open dialog going with them . 
  i also think you underestimate how much americans like going to war . 
  most people in upstate new york do n't want to be a part of new york state anymore ( although they receive a significant amount of their tax revenue from nyc ) . 
  on the other hand , new york city and long island would never be able to survive without upstate region . 
  they get most of all of their electricity from the niagara falls hydro-electric power plant , clean drinking water from the adirondacks , public college education from the upstate suny schools and a million other little things . 
  even back during the state 's early days , nyc would of never blown up into being such a major city without buffalo and the erie canal . 
  it 's a two way deal with new york state , upstate and downstate depend on each other , to say that one has a better claim on the new york name is pretty weird . 
  if they did split in two though , new amsterdam or the state of niagara would be good fits . 
  american 's would most defiantly go to war to protect the balkans or europe . 
  even with the wars in the middle east , we still do n't want to totally give up on the region ( even though the whole last 14 years have been a total disaster ) . 
  the united states does a lot of things wrong and has some fucked up history , but over all american 's usually rise to the occasion when help is needed . 
  as a new yorker , i totally prefer the name new amsterdam . 
  especially if the upstate area were to ever break off from the down state nyc area . 
  the united states ? 
  i live in buffalo and walk everywhere . 
  there are still a lot of american cities that have a dense walkable urban core . 
  you can do that all over new york ( at least upstate ) , the last call is at 4 am too . 
  i thought this was a polish thing . 
  it 's celebrated as dyngus day here in buffalo , ny . 
  never knew hungry had a similar festival . 
  i thought green land was in north america ? 
  this is pretty cool . 
  i would like to see one for north america . 
  i know there are a shit ton of states and provinces that want secede . 
  ontario and upstate new york could probably form it 's own sizable country , texas would probably swallow the top part of mexico . 
  it makes me wish there was a schengen zone type deal with our borders , but that 's something that seems way off for now . 
  do you have a source for this ? 
  i never heard daesh being a literal arabic translation of isil . 
  i thought it came from select letters from the isil acronym that sound like daes when put together ( meaning one who crushes one under a foot ) . 
  i 'm not trying to start a fight , linguistics are fascinating to me and i would to leave up more . 
  yes , i am aware of all this . 
  daesh is bring used similar to how we called germany during the 30 's and 40 's , nazis , even though they never actually referred to themselves at that . 
  it was used a way to discredited and knock down the administration . 
  daesh actually comes from another arabic word that is very derogatory ( some one might want to look up the source for this , i do n't have time now ) . 
  it does n't mean isis , the correct for name of the islamic state is the islamic state of iraq and the levant ( or isil like obama says ) , this was prior to the declaration of the new caliphate and transformation into a pseudo nation state ,, 
  well people using isis make it out to be as if they are just another paramilitary terrorist group , which they are n't ( isis is n't even the correct acronym for the group , that 's why obama uses isil ) . 
  ever since the declaration of the caliphate , they have become a full function pseudo baton state , the only thing keeping from becoming a full on recognized country is that major world powers refuse to recognize them as one ( despite having a functioning economy , government , military and territory larger than the uk ) . 
  this is a fundamental reason why fighting the islamic state has been so hard , they are n't al qaeda or just some other random terrorist group . 
  you probably think you are some smart ass , but this is a pretty crucial issue that the average person just does n't get and it needs to be pointed out instead of `` rofl , isis , amirite ?!? '', 
  do you mean the islamic state ? 
  they dropped the name isis and the country goes by the is now . 
  america and the other western allies specifically launched the d-day invasion to not only stop the nazis but also stop the soviets . 
  they main reason for the normandy landings were to gain a foothold in europe before it was completely swept over by communism . 
  the soviet union had nothing to do with the liberation of france . 
  no , i am trying to give a reasonable explanation as to why people would think the us has been funding isis and for some reason you are trying to turn it into a hostile debate by twisting my words . 
  i never claimed or even think that either the bush 's or obama 's administration created isis ( although i do think bush 's mismanagement of the war played a big part ) . 
  like i said , i was trying to give an explanation to where all the talk about the us funding them comes from and you completely took it in another direction . 
  you are putting words into my mouth to make you point , whether they were waiting for us to pull out of iraq or not is debatable but the truth of the matter is that they were sunni militants that did join up with isis after the us withdrawal from iraq . 
  the original post i responded to claimed obama had been funding isis ( which i asked for a source , not to start an argument but because i am generally interested in the topic and thought it could help with a research article for school ) . 
  what i was saying was basically how money from the united states military ended up in the hands of the daesh . 
  you can spin it which ever way you want or take it how ever you want , but the bottom line is that a us general funded a militant group in order to fight a counter insurgency and had it back fire after the us withdrawal ( which should n't of been that big of a surprise considering how sunni politics work ) . 
  this is why so many people are skeptical over the role that the united states played in the rise if isis . 
  http://america.aljazeera.com/articles/2014/6/19/isil-thousands-fighters.html yes , at first they fought against the al qaeda cell group that the core of isis came out of but once that money they were receiving stopped flowing they quickly changed their allegiance ( as was expected by a whole lot of people ) . 
  petraeus was pretty much banking on a long military occupation of iraq to keep them in line and hold them over on to the us side , but no us citizen wanted this . 
  the truth is that although they may have started fighting against al qaeda , they were still sunni militants who eventually joined with the daesh ( which should n't be a surprise considering that cell split off from al qaeda and is now currently at war with them too ) . 
  nah , it happens when you are typing it out on a iphone when you got other shit going on . 
  in what world do you live in where the occupation of iraq is comparable to the occupation of germany and japan ? 
  i was n't aware of japan or germany going through a civil war when we occupied either country . 
  it was n't even so much a occupation and restricting of the country as it was a full on counter insurgency during a extremely violent civil war.we are n't even five years out of the last occupation we had there and it was easily the bloodiest/worst military occupation the united states has ever had . 
  we were fighting a daily insurgency that was resulting in thousands of civilian/american troops deaths . 
  you can keep putting the blame on obama but the real honest truth is that bush 's administration created this problem ( from the illegal invasion of iraq , to lying to the american people and all the way up to general peteraus funding the soon to be isis ) . 
  be real with yourself here , we should of never went there to begin with and no one in the us wants another long occupation/counter insurgency of the middle east again . 
  plus when we did pull out of iraq , it was right during a huge economic crisis where the us just literally could n't sustain sending trillions of dollars there to continue the counter insurgency . 
  when i read comments like this , it makes me think you are either to young to really remember the war on iraq or you have your head stuck so far up your ideological ass that it does n't matter what the truth is . 
  you say kid gloves but really what else could we do ? 
  the daesh are only going to be defeated by a full on ground war in iraq and syria , but then what ? 
  no one in the us or europe wants that , it will call for another long and lengthy occupation of the country . 
  plus on top of all that , the islamic state is committing these terrorist attacks because they want us to have a lengthy ground war in the middle east . 
  it 's there fucked up plan for further diving the western and muslim worlds . 
  i got ta ask , how old are you ? 
  because everytime i see comments about us fighting them `` with kids gloves '' seems to forget that we just fought a decade long insurgency in iraq while we occupied iraq . 
  it 's not like there is a simple solution to this , we ca n't go in an fight a quick war against them and knock the daesh out , there will always be another insurgency to take there place . 
  the best bet would be to partition the country into three parts for the kurds , sunnis and shiites , but that would take years to work out and we have to go up against nato countries like turkey who absolutely do n't want to give ethic groups like the kurds a legitimate territory . 
  i never heard anything about obama funding then but it is a fact that general peteraus did under george bush 's administration . 
  at the time they were known as the sons of iraq , they started receiving funding from the us military in order to pull them on to our side and fight al qaeda . 
  it ended up being a really shitty move because they were essentially waiting for us to leave iraq so they can sweep in a take over .
