those were cosmopolitan cities ages before nyc, 
  report it to that site asap, 
  report it to that website, 
  makes life better, 
  even worse, 
  sprinkles on top of mayo and hot dog . 
  umm wow, 
  omg that 's my favorite one . 
  with bacon and onion on top . 
  u win, 
  krakow deserves the hype, 
  yummy, 
  krakow poland for sure, 
  i really think that 's a horrid idea, 
  investigating itnfor what, 
  why would one find the need to do it so much a toilet was made just for that ? 
  what is one looking for ? 
  i dont understand why til some older european toilets had a shelf . 
  for what ?? 
  idk, 
  they got issues, 
  wtf ?? 
  russia looms over poland, 
  poor poland . 
  right next to that country their whole life . 
  i must see this madness, 
  is there a picture of said toilet ? 
  what does it look like . 
  a shelf in the toilet ? 
  whoopsie so sorry, 
  beware of gypsies . 
  for real . 
  they get all up in your business demanding money . 
  learn how to speak loudly in that language . 
  do n't touch me . 
  get away from me and police !, 
  try to drink your drinks slower because if your cup is empty your host will keep refilling it . 
  do n't say no . 
  just sip it super slow, 
  ohhh the cofee is not gon na be what you expect . 
  there is no drip coffe . 
  i had lots of espressos and flat whites . 
  my mother in law preferred the americano which is expresso with water added . 
  i travel a lot . 
  i am polish but liv in america . 
  so i got polish covevered and english . 
  while my husband was born in south america , so we have a spanish speaker as well . 
  so when we travel to countries in languages we do n't speak we learn in that language some basic phrases . 
  the most importance ones are . 
  good day , good morning , hello to begin then the next big phrase is learning in their language `` does anyone speak english ? '', 
  ( for us we also would add or polish or spanish ) . 
  this is by far the best thing to do instead of busting in there speaking english and rude as hell . 
  this shows that you have manners ( good morning ) that you are requesting in their country in their language help from hopefully someone that may speak a little english . 
  you will notice appreciation . 
  also learn in that language . 
  thank you or have a good day . 
  also good words to learn is `` where is '' so you can then insert toilet or coffee or a place of interest quick story . 
  i spend weeks at a time in europe ( not just poland ) and other parts of the world visiting places of interest with my husband and kids . 
  i use my iphone and just buy micro sd cards of the mobile cell company of the country i am in for oay as you go minutes to use as needed . 
  2 years ago we spent 1 week leg of our trip in france . 
  we flew from poland to paris . 
  took the metro to the airbnb apartment in the 11th district . 
  the deal was that i was to text my airbnb host when i was on the metro . 
  well my polish sd card had ran out of minutes ( as we had planned ) and i planned to buy a french cell company sd card as soon as we got out of the metro . 
  well lo and behold shops were all closed on a sunday and i had no way of getting ahold my host ( i had the adress but they did n't live there so i needed to contact them as we had planned ) it 's raining . 
  i ca n't find any store . 
  we are like half a block away from our apartment . 
  my two small kids were tired hungry cranky as was my husband and my mother in law . 
  i was in a foriegn country not understanding the language . 
  it was scary when my plan did n't work . 
  sooo what did i do ? 
  i went to the first bistro and asked in very broken french the phrases i told you to learn . 
  good morning , do you speak any english , spanish or polish ? 
  and they found a waiter and i explained in basic english that i needed to contact a person to arrange a key pick up so we can get into an apartment but my cell is n't working . 
  i pointed to my miserable , wet and hungry family as well !, 
  i even showed them the number which i had saved as a contact and showed him my polish as add . 
  they handed over the bistros phone and then 8 called ( instead of texted ) my host and quickly arranged to meet . 
  the staff was extremely friendly . 
  we even popped in for a few minutes to refresh ourselves with a drink and a snack while we waited . 
  and even though one does n't tip there i tried tipping and they refused to take my tip . 
  i then said merci beaucoup . 
  thank you so very much !, 
  so instead of charging in like a bull in a china shop . 
  use your manners . 
  and learn a few phrases it will take you a long way, 
  i am polish . 
  now living in america since i was a kid i can understand some ukranian and russian words and phrases . 
  i do this for any country i visit . 
  ( i learn some basic phrases and i always learn `` does anyone speak english , polish or spanish '' ) . 
  2014 was the winner right ? 
  well it is abbreviated . 
  but it is also written on the machine n, 
  poland has gone through a lot of shit . 
  it 's no wonder it 's still trying to figure itself out , it seems like you need to move on to do your own thing . 
  more power to you . 
  yeah i agree with poland being americanized . 
  listen i love my america too . 
  but i like l some of the things , but in america . 
  it sucks to see it in other countries to the degree it i have seen it . 
  awesome .
