  but i am prepared for it . 
  a child born to a polish parent is a polish citizen at birth . 
  this applies whether the child is born in poland or elsewhere, 
  i have never denounced my polish birthright, 
  polish nationality law is based primarily on the principle of jus sanguinis . 
  children born to at least one polish parent acquire polish citizenship irrespective of place of birth . 
  the concept of citizenship refers to the state of belonging , and is something other than nationality ( ethnicity, 
  and polish citizen by birthright, 
  i am a female . 
  and according to polish law i am a citizen by birth right . 
  just got to square away the paperwork, 
  does it count that i visit the shrine in poland as well as here in america ?? 
  i am as polish as you can get, 
  in poland it 's automatic . 
  it 's a matter . 
  of doing the paperwork as is for me . 
  according to other here, 
  their degree needs to be recognized in americ though . 
  what colleges in europe should i look into ? 
  for european union membership for myself and my kids . 
  as my post mentioned we are global citizens . 
  we travel to all parts of europe for 3-4 weeks at a time . 
  and although i have a life in america as so do my kids , i do n't know what my future holds ( buying a second home , be part of several business some of my family have very large scale dairy farms , several restaurants etc , plus i have family still in poland , also who knows where my kids will end up . 
  maybe not poland but somewhere in europe ) . 
  i will not denounce my american citizenship ever . 
  i own a home have a career etc. 
  how does one get it and how much does it cost, 
  lol . 
  i got pics of pope john paul in my own home and a cross . 
  bammmm i am so over vodka and spyrytus when in poland i use kilometers . 
  and i know the difference . 
  my dad who has now lived in ameirca as long as he lived in poland ( 40 years in poland and coming up this wigelia it will be 40 years in america ) still uses kilometers i am a female and females do n't curse . 
  lol . 
  but i know wayyyyyy worse curse words . 
  nice . 
  tnx for the link . 
  i will forward this link to my mom . 
  she can help me fill it out . 
  i can read polish at a 10 year old level . 
  but i can write in polish at a 7 year old level !, 
  so where do i go to get it all sorted out ? 
  how muc does it cost ? 
  who do i prove it to ? 
  does it cost money ? 
  my dad has a current polish passport my mom became a naturalized usa citizen . 
  i can get their long form birth and marriage certificates, 
  i am a female so hoe does one apply to get the papers sorted out ? 
  `` a child born to a polish parent is a polish citizen at birth . 
  this applies whether the child is born in poland or elsewhere . '', 
  according to polish law, 
  my american passport is always current as my kids i need to ask why my parents never got me a polish passport as a kid but i presume that it was a communist country and unstable so maybe they thought it was n't w good idea at the time . 
  but i was always told i am a dual citizen by my parents and other family both here and in poland, 
  they were born and raised and married in poland . 
  we trace our roots as far back as 1500 in a tiny north eastern pocket of rural villages ina 50 mile radius . 
  well i kinda always knew that . 
  sooo wait . 
  i do n't need to apply for citizenship . 
  i just go straight to embassy and get my passport ? 
  just like that ? 
  i forgot to mention my parents were born raised and married in poland . 
  even my brother was born in poland . 
  i also lived in poland ( but not born there ) . 
  my mom is now an american citizen but my dad still has his polish citizenship, 
  thats my point too, 
  everytime i am in poland visiting family for months at a time . 
  no one uses it in the summer in the car . 
  opens the window . 
  same in my country of poland ( i am now an american ) . 
  also same reason in france and peru ( although that 's not europe ), 
  lived in poland as a kid and visit often as an adult , in a pretty affluent area and it 's rare to see one or use a cars a/c . 
  even during 90 + f weather . 
  i have also spent weeks in france and england during their heat waves late july and august dates and again can confirm . 
  , no a/c i just spent a month in peru ( in cuzco , lima and miraflores ) and it 's always hot in peru and i spent time in affluent areas and they also do n't use or want to use a/c ( i know it 's not europe ) the reason i keep mentioning affluent areas , is that people can clearly afford them . 
  they refuse to use a/c because they think it 's unhealthy that brings me to ice in drinks or ice cold drinks . 
  even on the hottest days i have been offered hot tea . 
  if i ask for water or juice or soda or even a beer it is usually room temperature . 
  if i ask for ice to cool down my room temp soda , they give me two baby ice cubes ( if they even have any ) . 
  again . 
  all the places i mentioned earlier apply to the lack of ice or ice cold drinks . 
  they think it 's unhealthy to drink such ice cold things . 
  or be in a cold room, 
  * they are half ... 
  both my parents and thousands of years before them hail from a small little area of north eastern poland ( where i also lived as a child ) i always love visiting my country . 
  that being said . 
  my kids and their kids and so on will not have that same connection . 
  ( although my 2 small kids have spent a month in poland twice already ) . 
  they hate half polish and half peruvian/italian . 
  such is life in america . 
  if they allowed a dual citizenship flair , i would post two flags . 
  american and polish i was born in america by default ( my older brother was left behind in poland from birth ) . 
  my sister was born in america about 1.5 years after me . 
  then we went back to poland to live for many year . 
  we returned back to america we i am educated and work and married and have my own kids ( born in america ) . 
  that day was the worst day ever just wanted to show how it was drilled into our heads . 
  not a bad thing at all . 
  they did the same for my brother, 
  that 's how we are . 
  idk why . 
  most of us ( females ) are beautiful . 
  and we were always taught to dress presentable .
