  i like keeping their options open we do live near nyc and we have so many great ones here . 
  i see poland still trying to figure itself out . 
  my parent no longer feel connected to poland as it struggles to form an identity . 
  the poland i grew up in is no longer the same today . 
  i think it 's heading in a great direction but going through growing pains hey good luck in germany . 
  i agree that poland is less expensive ( i live in the nyc area but i love super comfortably here ) . 
  but i love poland and i am still connected legally and it 's culture is paramount to my american culture ( it 's equal of not more from poland ) . 
  i am in no way renouncing my american citizenship . 
  i am a global citizen . 
  well what would be wrong with being part of my country . 
  i jut do n't understand, 
  lol . 
  i think you have it all wrong ci always felt i was born in america by defaults my parents never meant to stay in america for long and then we did go back to live in poland . 
  but i love being an american i make great money here money set aside for college house paid off in full the good career but i see myself a world citizen a world traveler and of the law allows for me to make my polish citizenship formal why not ? 
  my husband was n't even born in america although he renounced his citizenship of his country when he became a naturalized in america, 
  my parents dont speak english well . 
  guess what my first language was ? 
  polish . 
  in america . 
  i did n't have american food until i was a preteen in america . 
  cuz i lived in a polish neighborhood and went to catholic school run by polish nuns . 
  guess who lived in poland for several years as a child . 
  all me . 
  i can read it at a 6th grade level and i speak it ( 8th grade level ) . 
  lol . 
  thanksgiving and 4th of july and such all those american celebrations we started celebrating by the time i got to hs . 
  i am patriotic to america and poland, 
  omg i did n't even think about that . 
  how could i live in poland ( during communist times btw ) for several years with just an american passport . 
  see , we just never talked about the legalities with my parents . 
  my mom is working now and i am dying to ask her . 
  once she is done with work i have a big question to ask her . 
  how did i live in poland . 
  is it because i was automatically a polish citizen it was acceptable ? 
  they never cancelled my american passport ( that i know ), 
  also i have always been told that me and my kids are polish by birthright . 
  it seemed odd but i never researched it . 
  i thought they were fucking with me cuz most countries do n't have that in their law . 
  that 's what my mom said the other day as we drove down embassy lane and then to polish embassy in washington , d.c. . we live near the nyc one and that 's what my mom says all the time !, 
  no i was . 
  i will always be a polish citizen as i never renounced it so when they were born , boom there it is, 
  good question . 
  my parents came to america to make a few buck and then they planned to go back to poland . 
  then i was born . 
  then my sister all in america . 
  then my parents packed us all and moved back to poland forever . 
  i grew up in a communist country and then the solidarity movement started and threats of civil war became very real . 
  my mom was born after ww2 but my dad married late in life and he was actually born pre ww2 and remembers hiding in the woods and dead people ( we are not jewish but we were 30km away from russian border and our family was half destroyed by russian forces ) . 
  we fled back to america . 
  i remember returning back to poland for the summer after communism fell ( i was a preteen ) and it was insane . 
  poland was going through growing pains and i really did n't go back for years ( i started visiting family and friends and explorinf poland more starting about 10 years ago ) . 
  i just assumed my american passport was enough . 
  now that the eu has formed and poland has entered it , i see that making it formal would be interesting for me and kids . 
  as i get older and my kids get older and my family get more global , who knows where we will be in 10 years or where my kids will be in 20 years . 
  maybe not poland or maybe somewhere in the eu as i get older , i find myself wanting to buy a second home in the world . 
  my husband and i speak often about retiring and living in europe for a few years . 
  why not make poland my home base ? 
  he is not polish , he was born in another country but renounced his citizenship officially to that country and he is an american citizen he loves visiting poland with me . 
  so in the last few years i have been thinking about it off and on . 
  nothing to serious . 
  but i find myself really thinking about it more seriously this last year . 
  this weekend in was in washington dc and my mom and kids and husband passed through embassy row . 
  my mom made a comment along the lines that everytime she goes to our polish embassy in nyc she says she feels good to be in her country . 
  when i posted this online last night . 
  i was tossing and turning and thinking about this . 
  tried to do some research but could n't get anywhere . 
  i figured it will be morning in europe so i posted on reddit, 
  once i clear myself formally . 
  i will start on my kids, 
  in america ? 
  the idea hit me last night . 
  everything was closed . 
  but i will continue in a more formal way . 
  i know in the netherlands it 's different . 
  but poland and i think italy have this process that you are so not understanding yourself, 
  tnx . 
  i like keeping their options open . 
  by virtue of law by virtue of law , a minor acquires polish citizenship if : 1 ) at least one of the parents holds polish nationality at the moment of the child 's birth ( right of blood ) , or 2 ) he was born on the territory of the republic of poland and his parents are unknown , hold no citizenship or their nationality is undefined ( right of soil ) a child acquires polish citizenship if found in the territory of republic of poland and his parents are unknown . 
  if a minor foreigner before reaching the age of sixteen is adopted by a person or persons holding polish citizenship , it is assumed that the foreigner acquired polish citizenship on the day of his birth http://www.migrant.info.pl/how-to-obtain-polish-citizenship.html look at # 1 . 
  does n't say passport . 
  just hold nationality . 
  my parents born and raised in poland . 
  by virtue of birth in america ( this is for poland only not all of european union ) i am a polish citizen i do n't need a passport although it 's highly advised ( i never got one because i did n't know about this polish law ) . 
  i also lived in poland for many years as a child by virtue of my polish citizenship since i did not denounce my polish citizenship and at the time of my kids birth they are polish citizens . 
  it does n't state that u need to have a passport, 
  by virtue of law by virtue of law , a minor acquires polish citizenship if : 1 ) at least one of the parents holds polish nationality at the moment of the child 's birth ( right of blood ) , or 2 ) he was born on the territory of the republic of poland and his parents are unknown , hold no citizenship or their nationality is undefined ( right of soil ) a child acquires polish citizenship if found in the territory of republic of poland and his parents are unknown . 
  if a minor foreigner before reaching the age of sixteen is adopted by a person or persons holding polish citizenship , it is assumed that the foreigner acquired polish citizenship on the day of his birth . 
  copy and paste from your source i was born in america to polish born parents who never reminded their citizenship ( although my dad still has a polish passport but that is not a mandatory ) by virtue of law i hold that nationality without a polish passport being that i am a polish and i never renounced by polish citizenship at the time of my children 's birth here in america , they are also dual citizens it 's done by paper trail . 
  i do n't see that . 
  can you cite the source, 
  a child born to a polish parent is a polish citizen at birth . 
  this applies whether the child is born in poland or elsewhere, 
  we were in poland 2 years ago . 
  we plan on spending a few weeks in poland next year . 
  maybe i can continue to the process out there as well, 
  do n't i get what is the equivalent of a american social security number ? 
  well that will be my next step . 
  plus i will speak to my parents as well . 
  they were just at the polish embassy in nyc ( dad just renewed his polish passport ) . 
  i have a feeling it will be a long haul .
