  new zealandish 2 . 
  australian 3 . 
  singaporean our top three guesses for your native ( first ) language : 1 . 
  english 2 . 
  swedish 3 . 
  romanian, 
  i ignored whom too . 
  i made a mistake in the images at the start tho which might have affected my result and also ignored a couple of sentences later that might have been technically grammatical but really not idiomatic . 
  i 'm from nsw . 
  our top three guesses for your english dialect : ? 
  new zealandish 2 . 
  south african 3 . 
  australian our top three guesses for your native ( first ) language : ? 
  english 2 . 
  romanian 3 . 
  greek interesting that my dialect came up 3rd . 
  new york , miami / hialeah , pembroke pines as a native speaker of australian english . 
  yep . 
  m\u00e4dchen has grammatical gender of neuter but natural gender is feminine . 
  grammatical and natural gender do n't necessarily align although most of the time they do . 
  english still retains some natural gender too , but grammatical gender is gone . 
  that 's natural gender not grammatical gender . 
  thinking of them as categories does n't make them any easier to learn or make them seem any more useful . 
  okay , so it 's just * the * scary alphabet . 
  the hebrew alphabet is n't scary ? 
  quite a few times but never undeserved . 
  born early 80s . 
  my point is that the americans are n't wrong either and it 's actually uk , australia english etc that has changed pronunciation . 
  the h in honour is n't pronounced for the same reason but did n't get hyper corrected like herb did . 
  we pronounce the h in australia too but dropping the h is the historically `` correct '' pronunciation as it came from old french like that . 
   from middle english erbe , a borrowing from old french erbe ( french herbe ) , from latin herba . 
  initial h restored 15c . 
  after latin but remained mute until 19c . 
  ( and still is for many ) . 
  was originally founded in australia too , it then relocated to the us . 
  worst australian export ever . 
  aioli yum !, 
  or gravy . 
  wikipedia says most of australia uses a 570ml pint . 
  south australia looks like the exception with a 425ml pint and calls a 570ml pint an imperial pint . 
  sounds only very mildly south african , this would n't even stand out much on australian media because it sounds very `` neutral '' . 
  do english speakers really have bad dutch accents ? 
  i 'd have thought of all languages dutch would be the easiest accent wise . 
  i 'm on disability in australia and i had to move back in with my parents a couple of years ago because rents are too high and i 'm too sick to live in a share house with 5 + other people . 
  now unemployment benefits here is % 40 less than disability . 
  i do n't know how anyone would manage . 
  they definitely still teach cursive in queensland . 
  i 'm pretty sure both are taught at different times . 
  same in school in australia . 
  most people end up doing non-cursive by the time high school arrives . 
  looks mostly the same as what i learn in australia in the 80s . 
  later in schooling we were allowed to do non-cursive like op 's english picture . 
  a lot of people do n't care what the lyrics say . 
  i personally take very little notice of lyrics in any language . 
  yeah . 
  i 'm not a fan either . 
  i live right on state border between queensland and new south wales in australia and only nsw has day light savings . 
  so annoying !, 
  we do n't do that either . 
  that saying predates metric so is common in english speaking countries with metric as well . 
  i 'd include iran but i 'm australian . 
  this image fits the description perfectly for me . 
  i genuinely laughed when i opened that subreddit . 
  not sure what i was expecting . 
  australia had the biggest mcmansions for a long time until we recently got overtaken by the us again . 
  https://www.businessinsider.com.au/australia-is-no-longer-home-to-the-largest-mcmansions-2016-10 i do n't live in a huge house by all means but it 's probably still above average by european standards . 
  i 'd hate not being able to get away into your own space . 
  i do n't think you 'd be allowed to do that in most of australia . 
  i 'm not european but that mcmansion hell blog had an [ australian edition ] ( http://www.mcmansionhell.com/post/157157014086/mcmansion-hell-australia-edition ) . 
  i was hoping things had improved . 
  sad to hear it has n't . 
   it should have expanded slower but with more integration . 
  the second part would have prevented the uk joining at all no ? 
   as the school staff usually turn a blind eye even when the bullying happens under their noses i 'm from australia and it 's been a long time since i was in school ( graduated in 1999 ) but this is exactly my experience . 
  i was bullied quite severely for being gay and it seemed like the teachers avoided having to deal with it as much as possible . 
  i 've seen mentioned before that the accent in tours is closest to standard french . 
  how different are the accents in paris and tours ? 
  nice to know we 're not like the brits ;-), 
  any experience with australians or kiwis ? 
   like it 's somehow important that they drive an american car or own a japanese tv . 
  the concept really is n't that weird . 
  if you buy goods manufactured in your own country you 're supporting your own economy and producing jobs in your own country instead of overseas . 
  in australia it 's getting harder and harder to do . 
  with the high cost of living people often ca n't afford to support local manufacturers as much anymore . 
  so it 's the way the words are used rather than the words themselves . 
  that 's funny considering sense was originally an old french loanword . 
  everything is a thing on reddit . 
  that was n't the question . 
  according to wikipedia there were still 140,000 native in 2012 . 
  you ca n't be a native speaker without actively using a language in a more than `` symbolic '' way . 
  / d\u0361\u0292 / for g seems to be the accepted pronunciation for ecclesiastical latin . 
  https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/regina#pronunciation  ecclesiastical latin ( also called liturgical latin or church latin ) is the form of the latin language used in the roman rite of the latin church of the catholic church for liturgical and other purposes . 
  it is distinguished from classical latin by some lexical variations , a simplified syntax and italianate pronunciation . 
  these are both really interesting , especially the first one . 
  nice find . 
  pretty sure i read not long ago that the norman 's left very little genetic footprint on the population . 
  do you know any research that says they did ? 
  fiji has a high hdi anyway . 
  also helps when a portion of the population ca n't afford to be in the waiting list at all . 
  sadly it has infected the political discourse in australia too .
