of the 670 cases scrutinized , 234 jihadists returned to germany , and 23 are currently in jail . 
  why are n't more of them sitting in jail ? 
  ridiculous . 
  maybe you should check how it works in a lot of countries . 
  [ here 's the us for example ] ( http://www.irs.gov/uac/related-statutes-and-penalties---general-fraud ) the idea is that paying tax ends up being much nicer than going to jail , so people pay tax . 
  well other countries with similar penalties for tax evasion do n't have jails full of tax evaders . 
  the idea is that the penalty is disincentive enough that they pay taxes . 
  i honestly ca n't think of how a tax system would work without steep penalties . 
  it would basically be voluntary . 
  what are the penalties currently for not paying tax in greece ? 
  i ca n't find any info . 
  maybe going to jail if you do n't pay taxes would be incentive enough ? 
  your bribes may have just not been large enough . 
  australian football in romania ? 
  there would also have to be a comparable level of victims reporting and of recording the statistics too . 
  yes . 
  that 's the whole point of the `` how quickly things can change '' remark ... 
  70 years is n't that long for something like this imo, 
  japan no projection power ? 
  including economy . 
  the comparison is pathetic and pointless . 
  comparing apples with oranges . 
  the commonwealth will never be anything like what the eu is . 
  integration is as tight as it 's ever going to be . 
  unfortunately the non-corrupt ones do n't tend to rise to the top . 
  wonder why australia is so high up on the list . 
  these current affairs shows also tend to be intentionally provocative . 
  they 're generally looking for a specific kind of story and everything goes from there ... 
  he feels like not a very good father . 
  or maybe eesti ca n't into nordic . 
  and has a head cold . 
  last paragraph says it all :  it seems fair to conclude , then , that even if scandinavia and the u.s. have different innovation rates , it 's not because of income inequality . 
  if that 's true , then the authors ' model does n't hold , and a swedish levels of equality , and the welfare state needed to achieve them , seem entirely compatible with high levels of innovation that can drive growth . 
  you can definitely get `` gourmet '' hamburgers in australia . 
   france is mcdonald 's biggest market in the world outside of the us and was practically the only nation in the world where the chain posted a rise in sales last year . 
  seems the french are keen on both hamburgers and * hamburgers * . 
  let 's just stop manufacturing condoms then and just use abortions instead . 
  that 's pretty insane . 
  check under vowel table : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/help:ipa_for_italian, 
  third link does n't work . 
  is that even complete ? 
  no mention of moscow ? 
  in a way this is really unfair to countries bordering conflict regions . 
   will allow for the norwegian authorities to reject asylum seekers who do not come directly from a conflict area does this basically mean that norway will only ever need to accept refugees if there 's is conflict in russia , sweden or denmark ? 
  interesting that eu as a whole is n't projected to decline . 
  even so , 1,82 is below replacement level . 
  i hope she drives better than my grandma -- who should n't be driving at all but is . 
  a lot of non-poles died in auschwitz . 
  in australia locker room nudity is even not that common . 
  immigrants and refugees are n't really the same thing . 
  i did say most , 2 countries is n't many . 
  except that most of the countries accepting refugees are n't accepting them from former colonies ... 
  maybe , maybe not . 
  reads like only half an article . 
  same thing for abc in australia . 
  the public tv stations here are definitely the least biased . 
  just as normal in australia , perhaps even more so . 
  lucky i 'm from oceania i guess . 
  or maybe we should just call it australia seeing as the rest of it is irrelevant . 
  in australia it 's typically christmas morning ( 25th ) , but as we got older it tended to happen the night before . 
  never been to the snow , so that would probably be me . 
  does n't appear to be a server in oceania . 
  many citations needed . 
  what are the differences between the swiss and norwegian models ? 
  that 's not very assisted though . 
  someone can do that now without changing any laws in basically any country . 
  this is just a bit weird , imo . 
  i wonder how the medical professionals responsible for having to carry this out would feel about ending the lives of healthy people . 
  australia can not into instagram . 
  how is adolescent fertility rate a sign of inequality ? 
  seems they did what they wanted and are now living the consequences ? 
  i do n't mind if we keep taking your doctors ;-), 
  the problem with this is different countries have different policies on who they send to the games . 
  for instance , some countries will only send `` sure '' bets to the game , or athletes with a relatively good chance of a medal , while other countries like australia wo n't deny anyone who can qualify the olympic experience . 
  very imaginative . 
  this tactic is used by both sides of the political spectrum . 
  australia not in nato :-\\, 
  only because they missed the boat so to speak . 
  had to look it up myself . 
   san escobar is a non-existent country , a blunder of polish minister of foreign affairs witold waszczykowski . 
   on 10 january 2017 , waszczykowski told reporters that , in a bid for a non-permanent seat for poland on the un security council , he had meetings with officials from various countries , including some caribbean nations , with some of them `` for the first time in the history of our diplomacy . 
  for example with countries such as belize or san escobar '' . 
  the chinese think so . 
  i doubt they can . 
  any idea why crete would be such an outlier ? 
  do they perhaps host some kind of institution that inflates their numbers ? 
  sadly much the same as australia . 
  seems like of the high wealth countries australia has the smallest difference between mean and median . 
  should n't that reflect low inequality ? 
  i would n't have thought inequality would be that low in australia . 
  thanks for the correction . 
  always thought the jewish expulsion was a part of the inquisition as well . 
  definitely had lasagne and chips in australia . 
  using whom at all in colloquial speech comes off as pretentious . 
  two separate but related issues . 
  quote from article about a new mine that i just added to my original comment :  it will mean massive and continual dredging and dumping in the great barrier reef world heritage area and will fill the reef with thousands of coal ships every year . 
   australia could stop all emissions tomorrow and it will die . 
  has nothing to do with stopping emissions and everything to do with the location of a new mine near the reef . 
  see link i added above . 
  destroying the great barrier reef is a lot worse than destroying a village .
