just to clear things up , the launch was n't by nasa , it was actually by a private company , who were actually using russian right rockets . 
  so the ruskies can remain as gleeful as they want . 
  well since the russians are denying claims that they have a sub there , i guess they wo n't mind if the swedes do a live fire exercise with depth charges ... 
  oh gee , i am soooo surprise to see that giant dark smudge on the eastern area of the map , who would have known !?!, 
  i ca n't say i have sympathy for her ... 
  wow , what a surprise !, 
  my objection is the title of the post stating that 1100 children were captured and a third if them were lost . 
  that was misleading information right there . 
  it did n't seem like the op really read the thing at all . 
  it would also mean a lot if you guys do too , us taxpayer money can then be diverted to actually be beneficial to the taxpayers . 
  it says 777 of the 1100 hostages were children , and of those 777 children 186 were killed . 
  it 's still a horrible number but can you at least fully read through it before posting that misleading title ? 
  yeah , they 're not meant to hold off an invasion . 
  they 're more on the lines of `` trigger troopers '' , and if the ruskies dare pull that trigger it might would mean escalation to war . 
  you see , it 's a double standard when you 're an american because if we send troop amid a crisis , we 're then blamed to be escalating the tension but then if we do n't send troops , we 'll be acused of neglecting alliances . 
  so it can really be any way you see it , but lately people are just critical of americans no matter what they do . 
  still in better shape than china 's 2008 olympic venues considering the fact that it 's older too . 
  that channel 's become a joke , are people really still watching that ? 
  that was clever , you sir , deserve more upvotes . 
  that 's not saying much really since they still spy on american citizens anyways . 
  i did n't say that socialism is complete communism . 
  what i 'm trying to implies is that capitalism allows more room to move around . 
  thanks obama ... no seriously , i remember him promising to allow visas for poles when he first visited early in his presidency ... still waiting on that though . 
  socialism vs. capitalism ? 
  idk ? 
  i heard gypsies were a usual cause for crime in europe , but it seems as though it 's often stuff like petty theft from atm machines . 
  i know that anger and hatred will slowly build up into deeper feelings from these petty crimes , but to do this to another human being is just inexcusable . 
  well counting russia ... one too many . 
  you 're dead on with that . 
  i 'm not dumb and fat ... then again i 'm asian american . 
  well then they partially achieved their goal then considering how so many eastern europeans were sent to gulags in siberia for what is practically slave labor . 
  says here poland is in second place of countries to have loss the most proportion of it 's population . 
  modern day russians would brag about how their country that lost of the most in wwii , but it 's actually in fact modern day belarus that bore the brunt of it . 
  granted , many belarusians do consider themselves to be russians and somewhat wants to be part of russia again though . 
  not a lot of those people seem to really want the soviets to stay afterwards though . 
  in a way , the soviets achieved what the nazis failed to , and that was oppression over eastern europe . 
  saw it in a bbc documentary a while back . 
  i 'm afraid i do n't remember specifically what though . 
  details include that by the time the great depression hit , germany was worse off of all western countries . 
  there was no way possible for them to have recover that fast without breaking several international laws . 
  they started big spendings on public infrastructure like the autoban . 
  stealing from the jew helped quite a bit though . 
  i love german engineering and all , but germany 's rise back to power in the 1930s was a bit more grim than you think . 
  they stole a lot of resources from their neighbors indie to do so . 
  i do n't get it , what 's wrong with governments spying on other governments ? 
  that 's what spy agencies do !, 
  you think the russians are n't doing it ? 
  the chinese have been cyber hacking other countries for years and everyone knows it , yet no one batted an eye . 
  hate america if you want , just know that doing things like tapping politicians ' phone lines are nothing new . 
  i think it 's just something that everyone should understand that all cultures are simply different . 
  actions and behaviors should not always be considered weird , or strange . 
  i can tell you right now that not everything stated in the article above is true . 
  individual statements can not be representative of all . 
  of course i 'm just reiterating what 's already been said before . 
  no offense europe , but i rather have my country use that $ 1 billion on america 's infrastructure and education . 
  the u.s. has been the only nato member to have kept their minimum defense budget pledge since the mid-1990s after the fall of the soviet union . 
  if europe wants to be independent of america then they need to pick up the slack . 
  well the french operations in mali would n't have even happen in the first place without american help , or at least it would have been delayed for a considerable amount of time . 
  i 'm hypothesizing here , but what if the u.s. does n't have to spend so much on defense of other nations ? 
  as part of the nato alliance agreement , member states must meet a certain minimum defense budget . 
  no other members besides the u.s. since the mid-1990s have uphold their promises after the collapse of the soviet union . 
  the way it should be is that the u.s. should commit only as much as their allies are committing to the alliance . 
  all the money saved can do wonders to improving america 's infrastructure and provide better education . 
  bring back all those good programs that have been canceled due to cutback . 
  that 's good to hear . 
  it says a lot about their `` special relationship '' with us americans ... one of us !, 
  one of us !, 
  one of us !, 
  one of us !, 
  one of us !, 
  i wish i did n't had to squint to see the map ... anyways , it looks like st. petersburg needs a few `` rehab '' centers . 
  edit : my bad , like i said , i had to squint . 
  i guess i was too busy trying to see what is where that i did n't even notice it said `` legend '' right there . 
  i 'm not economist , but i think a lot of it has to do with the drought we 've been having ; and many farmers are suffering from it . 
  i agree , we share many similar if no the same technologies , but my argument still remains the same : the problem is that the eu is still too uncooperative with each other to have a solid unified military . 
  i agree with you that the eu could be able to defend themselves . 
  that 's why i said that `` so far '' i have n't seen europeans been able to demonstrate any cohesion between each other . 
  however that is case though , so far they can only protect themselves as independent countries but not as a singular eu force . 
  and until they do , they need american assistance , and i do n't mean to brag or be nationalistic or anything , but they especially need our logistical expertise . 
  the libyan intervention was suppose to be lead by mostly european nato forces but half of it ended up being spear headed by americans anyway since the european contingent started running out of supplies and ammunition and lacked aerial refueling capabilities . 
  the french mission in mali had to also be supported by americans : http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/01/22/us-mali-usa-idusbre90l0dr20130122 again , i 'm just reiterating what have been said so many times by others before . 
  the u.s. have been wanting to shift our focus to asia , but we simply ca n't reallocate all our resources over there because european nato allies still needs it . 
  and they will continue to rely on it until the eu become cohesive enough to be able to act as a singular military force - if the eu ever decide to of course . 
  as of right now , it seems as if the eu is the economic component of europe , while nato is the military component . 
  `` si vis pacem , para bellum '' / `` if you want peace , prepare for war '' - vegetius, 
  and a lot of americans like myself agree . 
  one the agreements for the nato alliance is for each country to uphold a certain minimum defense budget . 
  since the mid 1990s after the dissolution of the soviet union , no other countries in the nato alliance have fulfilled that pledge . 
  so no , many americans feel that we do n't want to be in europe anymore . 
  the u.s. wants to shift our focus to asia due to china 's recent aggressiveness toward american interests . 
  apparently murphy 's laws still holds true till ' today , `` if anything can go wrong , it will . '', 
  we were hoping for a smooth transition but then the ukrainians started asking for help due the ruskies ' encroachment on the crimea . 
  you claim that europe is fully capable of defending itself but so far you have not demonstrated any of it . 
  seems like the u.s. wo n't be leaving anytime soon after all . 
  i 'm reiterating what others have been saying countless times already but people keep asking the same question , therefore you will get the same answer . 
  the u.s. have been wanting to withdraw from nato for quite a while now due to that . 
  i 'm just hypothesizing here , but if we do , reallocation of funding may be able to bring back all the programs and benefits that had been canceled due to budget cuts . 
  you 're right but , i left the british empire out because it 's not quite at any end of the spectrum but somewhere in the middle . 
  commonwealth states like canada , australia , or new zealand have good relations , but not all of the indian population have come to terms with the british , nor the pakistanis . 
  you should read the book `` the world and a very small place in africa '' by donald r. wright .
