  destinations of said ships include syria , afghanistan , and other countries of the persian gulf . 
  the u.s. has always been importing more than we 've been exporting for a while now . 
  our economy is quite self reliant so we do n't really need to export all that much . 
  in fact , a lot of the smaller countries ' such as those in meso and south america , whose entire economy are pretty reliant on exports to the u.s. 
  i find odd that it 's the opposite for america yet it also said that we seem to think religion is important . 
  god , or at the at least the idea of one can be considered a force outside our control . 
  it is a nessitiy if you want more opportunities [ in america ] . 
  the issue that everyone overlook is that these kids are n't living within their means . 
  they take a ton of loans to go to an expensive school to get a useless degree that did n't offer many opportunities at all . 
  while they could have simply go to a different school that offers affordable tuition and a degree that is useful . 
  they do n't understand that employers in the us do n't care about the accreditation of your education but on experience and ability . 
  i remember reading that the exercises quite similar to what alaskan based troops practice , but the major difference is that this exercise employs the use of skis instead of snow shoes considering that was one of the defining factors as to why the fins absolutely rekt the soviets during the winter war and the continuation war . 
  the soviets may still claim victory , but that does n't mean they walks out of finland without a gaping anus . 
  wow , i really like the uk one , it 's very reminiscent of the romans . 
  this . 
  i read on a another recent post on this sub asking what european think of americans and one of the replies was that he or she do n't like urbanism and how we have suburbs . 
  something i stress is that , that really hard to avoid when you live in a country that is so large and spread out . 
  european cities are much closer to eachother and public transit is a much more easily achieved . 
  most american cities are far apart , and the only place where reasonable railway tranportation is needed is the northeast where the geography and urban layout is much more similar to that of europe . 
  it takes me 15 minutes to drive to work on a trafficless day and biking the equal distance is really just a waste of time . 
  i can always take the bus and bring my bike on it but then the issue of living in a really large country arises again and the inconvenience of not having a car in a really nearby when i really need it will just bite me in bum . 
   maybe due to the suing nature in america for any damn thing . 
  awww common ' now !, 
  that 's just a stereotype that the media keeps proliferating . 
  ffs , germans and canadians are more litigious than us !, 
  well like i said , it 's not a full time thing , just a part time . 
  i 'm not saying as a job but out of your own spare time to go and help your community - maybe one day out of the week . 
  i guess it 's just difference in culture , forget i said anything . 
  i agree , in my experience though , community service as a part-time thing can be quite enlightening . 
  vietnamese american here , can confirm , we like practically everyone ... 
  except those ** fucking dirty chink fucks !!!, 
  fuck them !!!, 
  ** ... ^ but yeah ^ we like everyone . 
  the uss winston churchill has a permanent british member onboard all the time . 
  i remember reading an article a while back when one of the super carriers docked in northern austrailia for a visit . 
  the crew of the aircraft carrier alone pumped pumped around $ 4 million in revenue into the city . 
  there were so many sailers , the local brothel actually had to call in girls from other provinces of austrailia . 
  basically , kansas is english , while arkansas is french . 
  wait , i 'm confused , i thought merkel was pushing for multiculturalism ? 
  wait , i 'm confused , i thought merkel was pushing for multiculturalism ? 
  yeah but it 's best that these supplies be left there in case of that emergency does arise . 
  what i 'm saying is that there are depots all over the us filled with unused equipment that is just sitting there gathering dust . 
  it 's costing tax money to upkeep . 
  these are modern up to date , and yet will probably never see any action and will eventually be scrapped . 
  it 's just plain wasteful . 
  there 's literally over 4,000 abrams , many of them unused and brand new just sitting around until they 're gon na be scrapped . 
  the us military will never use them and for stupid reasons my government keeps building more and more of them even though we do n't need more . 
  i 'm not disagreeing with you . 
  it 's good that we have these caches around the world but until the need to use them arises we should the use auxiliary before we need the essential . 
  honestly , i think most americans really care right now . 
  i do n't mind at all handing over a few hundred or so abrams to the batlic states . 
  leopard iis are n't cheap but we have literally thousands of abrams sitting in depots gathering dust . 
  we 're not using them so might as well hand some over or at least sell them at a reasonably cheap price . 
  right ... because european colonialism played absolutely no hands in drawing maps of what they think the middle east should look like . 
  the country that it 's entering has like what ? 
  edit : not to bash on our croatian allies , but i gave them too much credit , their airforce has only 12 mig fighters . 
  the argument of the f-35 is inferior because it lost in a simulated dogfight is invalid . 
  dogfighting is a thing of the pass . 
  modern engagements are fought in beyond visual range ( bvr ) engagements . 
  one side or the other will have been destroyed by the time they are close enough to even see eachother to commence in a classic style dogfights . 
  that 's why in a world where there is radar homing missiles , it beats to be invisible to that radar . 
  people can say how russians planes extremely maneuverable and can dogfight well , that 's that 's really useless when it has a giant radar signature . 
  the cobra maneuver is pretty useless when there 's an amraam being shoved up your ass from almost 100 nautical miles away . 
  sunni-shia divide is pretty much one of the biggest reason for the conflicts going on in the mid-east . 
  i 'm not trying to justify the invasion of iraq , but technically it was going pretty well at first , but the mistake was dismantling the iraqi army and assuming the two religious sects would n't fight each other . 
  even without the u.s. nato has an armed force of some 4-5 million . 
  russia has around 3 million . 
  not to mention the amount of military spending europe has compared to russia . 
  the real issue with a european combined military would be cohesion and cooperation . 
  you flair says romanian , so i just kinda assumed , my bad . 
  you ... ^ have ... ^ ^ no ... ^ ^ ^ idea ... 
  in case of russian invasion , go west . 
  i can see how it can might be viable in the eastern seaboard states since the population density is somewhat similar to that of europe , but for the states further to the west , national railways are pretty much useless . 
  it takes me 15mins to drive 14km to class/work everyday . 
  so that would be 1.15 hrs i spend every week in a car . 
  however , before i had a car , i took public transport , which took me 45mins to get to class/work . 
  regardless , the point that he 's making is that the u.s. has an issue with the urban sprawl . 
  we need to focus more on inner-city development rather than suburbia . 
  as a result , we have shitty public transportation and potentially long commute times . 
  i 'm a against developing inter-city transportation because the distance between cities here can be extremely vast . 
  however , i fully support intra-city transportation developments . 
  ahhh , yes , the long beach ... one of the ugliest fucking thing we 've ever put to sea . 
  since there 're being less railways i thought that means that things are getting more efficient , but because this is looked at negatively , i 'm gon na assume no ? 
  edit : sorry if i irked some of you , i just simply thought that the decrease in railways was due to increase in efficiency and streamlining not due to deterioration in infrastructure or something of that sort . 
  as someone who works with data , i like to see more . 
  can i see what the numbers were before the exit , who 's commuting the crimes ? 
  you mean france and the uk lead the way but the us got dragged into it . 
  the nationalism in europe is more akin to ethnic nationalism than cultural , the main exception is france where it 's a bit of three types , ethnic , cultural , and civic . 
  i suggest checking out ` blood and belonging ' , it 's really good read . 
  possibly , american newsites like cnn and fox are garbage so i usaually look for non-politically bias sites , some of them are european based like the bbc . 
  i 'm pretty sure that 's not an inherently american thing , i 've seen plenty of european political comics that 's does the same thing . 
  yeah , private catholic schools in the us teach exclusively evolution , none of that creationalist nonsense . 
  it 's hard to determine with the national guards because they 're suppose to be state level militia/reserve , however national guard units get deployed pretty regularly . 
  sure they can , they just got ta ' remember how badly you guys kicked their asses back in the 40 's . 
  i remember reading an article saying this years ago as well . 
  i assume it was n't quite news either . 
  sigh ... fine i 'll say it , why the fuck is austrailia in it then ? 
  as an american , i was really sad at first ... then i remembered that we do n't use metric . 
  dude , a quick simple google search will tell you otherwise :  a total of 33,169 deaths related to firearms ( excluding firearm deaths due to legal intervention ) - 2013 statistics straight from wikipedia . 
  oh yeah , thirty-three thousand is such a close number to the million ( ** s ** ) of deaths that you claim .
