  it 's about the history of gambia which includes colonization by the british empire . 
  the british did n't always support every one of their colonies and commonwealth countries , most often they will take more than they give back . 
  which is why canada and australia have good relations but india does n't . 
  the alliance the south koreans and japanese have is out of necessity , else negative sentiments about wwii would have push each other apart . 
  camouflaged fatigues and military grade weapons ? 
  they seem pretty militant to me . 
  now that you 've mentioned it and got me thinking , it does sorta ' seem that way . 
  that 's a somewhat accurate explanation of american news media . 
  you definitely got the washington and new york posts right , they are only handful of reliable source of news you can get . 
  everything else is politically aligned and have their own bias agendas . 
  a renewal of polish-lithuanian commonwealth just might be a good experiment for the `` cohesive eu military '' that has been a subject of debate for a while now . 
  although they may wan na ' change their official name up a little to actually include ukraine . 
  the best way to avoid negative sentiments with those whom you 've wronged is to acknowledge and accept the fact that you done them wrong , apologize , and work to undo what has been done . 
  from my observations , this is the whole reason why most of eastern european / former soviet-warsaw pact countries have bad sentiments towards russia . 
  they see the russian acquisition of the crimea as a backward step towards the old oppressive regimes of stalin . 
  the same can also be said for japan . 
  they have absolutely made no acknowledgements of the atrocities and crimes made against humanity during wwii . 
  it is straining japan 's worsening relationship with china , and especially south korea , japan 's closest ally in the region . 
  countries like germany on the other hand seems to have made these acknowledgements of what the nazis have done , and is now one of the leading nations of the eu with close relationships with it 's neighboring states . 
  i like to know what they represent though . 
  feminism has different ideals in different groups in different areas of the world . 
  i curious as to know what this group 's goals are . 
  that 's the kind of one-sided view that 's causing all this separation in our country . 
  you ca n't be more wrong , america still needs a few more decades to adjust . 
  we may be pioneering it , but we 're still far from living cohesively with each other . 
  it was black slaves in the late 1800s , asians in the 20s-50s , blacks in the 60s-70s , and since then there 's been immigration issues with spanish speakers from our southern neighbors . 
  are you referring to how the u.s. is getting annoyed at the fact that european nato members have not met their military budget pledge since the mid 1990s ? 
  if we remember what just recently happened to fifa , we 'll have a good glimpse of what might clocks to vw 's doorsteps . 
  so which is it ? 
  one day , i 'm yay , and the other i 'm hearing nay ? 
  [ what are talking about ? 
  all their developments are original !, 
  ] ( https://www.flickr.com/photos/42854151@n03/8434983411/sizes/o ), 
  interesting how hong kong drives on he left while mainland china is on the right . 
  well its true that we 're wealthier but if both countries have a 20 % poverty rate , then sweden would have a population of 1.9 million ( out of 9.5 million ) living in poverty while america would have 64 million ( out of 320 million ) people living in poverty . 
  i 'm graphic designer and often have to work with percentages , but always have to stress what kind of numbers that percentage represents . 
  also remember that when comparing stats between two countries , these two countries often record their data differently so numbers often are skewed . 
  it 's just simply demographics . 
  remember , sweden barely has a population of under 10 million , while the u.s. have 320 million citizen tens of millions more undocumented . 
  the numbers started to actually get really skewed with that kinds of difference . 
  in all seriousness though i still ca n't tell if he 's being cereal or not lol . 
  i was surprise when i learn about this in geography class . 
  the gulf stream is warm due to the heat from the sahara desert , and the winds from the rockies transport it to europe . 
  as someone from colorado , your welcome norway ... well at least its a blessing for you guys , for us americans , its a nightmare with these tornadoes . 
  looks like a japanese porno . 
  as an american , trust me on this one here , it wo n't work !, 
  well ... 
  it 's slightly larger than western tanks so i guess that 's sort of something . 
  drug users can always have the potential to relapse, 
  something tells me that the norwegians are gon na get bit on ass eight years from now . 
  stereotypes always do have some truths to them . 
  just like the gypsies , there are blacks in america that integrate with society and are supporting of the community ... and there are those who just practically fuck everything up for everyone else . 
  i would be surprise if it was the other way around . 
  from experience , i guess it 's only mostly known to those anglosphere , but even then , the lesser educated have used it very little . 
  american here , i did n't understand the entire first sentence until he wrote the second . 
  deeds were written on the back of death certificates of people building stadiums . 
  most of the ammunitions currently being used by the u.s. military have been switched to tungsten , only the the abrams tanks and the gau 8 avengers on the a-10 warthogs still uses du rounds . 
  mexican cops or american cops ? 
  because i understand that there 's a high level of corruption within the mexican police force . 
  hahaha , did n't know the czechs have so many american flags lying around, 
   usaf is upgrading 178 f-15c / ds with the an/apg -63 ( v ) 3 aesa radar , [ 36 ] and upgrade other f-15s with the joint helmet mounted cueing system . 
  [ 37 ] the air force plans to keep 178 f-15c / ds along with 224 f-15es in service beyond 2025 . 
  the f-15e will remain in service for years to come because of the model 's primary air-to-ground role and the lower number of hours on the f-15e airframes . 
  [ 6 ] [ wiki ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/mcdonnell_douglas_f-15_eagle ) the a and b models have been phased out but the c , d , and evare still in service . 
  edit : formatting, 
  no they still use all models, 
  it 's just simply the communist doctrine of public land redistribution . 
  to spread it evenly between the masses but as you said that you 've witnessed on a a post above . 
  they just kinda keep it for themselves really . 
  basically they take your lands and then charge you for living on it what is now their lands . 
  yeah , the government have been taking lands owned by families for centuries . 
  my family used to own a few acres of land prior to the war but now it 's all reduced to a small hut and the family cemetery , and even that they want to tear down and take away as well, 
  no your right , it 's really how it works there . 
  its the kind of socialism that really does meant equality = everyone is poor . 
  of course the conditions there hve improve since i left , it 's still one of the vestiges of human rights violations on earth . 
  i 'm from the mekong delta region . 
  specifically the province of vinh long - a little bit south of saigon . 
  of course cambodia is in a more of a dire situation than vietnam so i ca n't really compare the educationif the two countries . 
  well that 's another thing to highlight too is that while most european are secure with all these social policies you guys have , the people in the us on the other hand need to work hard to earn what they want . 
  wealth gaps are mostly caused by people who works hard to earn what they have and those who do little work at all . 
  i 've seen both sides of this since i was born dirt poor and immigrate to the u.s. with little to nothing but because i worked hard , i came from living in a hut made of bamboo shoots to coconut leaves to brick and mortar in an american suburb . 
  from skin and bones to flesh and bread . 
  the implementation of social policies here a much different from european countries and the situation is different as well . 
  i think there needs to be social reforms but both current american and europeans models just simply wo n't work out there . 
  there 's needs to be a whole new different policy altogether to help the poorer populations . 
  well the only thing i can think of are those remote controled 50 . 
  cal mounts . 
  so you can sit in the safety of the armored vehicle while blasting away enemies through a tv screen like a video game ... 
  except it 's not, 
  i do n't see the big deal . 
  judging by those strykers , that 's just a small light infantry unit . 
  `` why does n't it annex portugal ? '', 
  - spain sigh ... 
  typical china, 
  [ we can refurbish some from our boneyard for even cheaper ] ( http://www.pogo.org/assets/images/straus/2012/davis-mothan-usaf-base-boneyard.jpeg ), 
  not saying it 's latin american , more of not respectable . 
  the same way al jazeera is ? 
  this is why americans do n't even take our own news sources seriously anymore . 
  i go to like bbc now . 
  almost all news sources that we have nowadays is just garbage .
