  so ... we 're in the future !, 
  there are more than 2 groups , matey, 
  is n't it possible that those are 2 different kinds of people , and that in your head , you made a complete strawman out of their arguments , coupling them together cause you 're way too dim-witted to understand any kind of complexity ? 
  what utter bullshit , investors are investors , i.e. 
  anyone that has savings , businessmen are not investors , businessmen are the ones receiving the investment, 
  you 'd assume [ wrong ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/asylum_statistics ) , the ratio among children is about 60-40 . 
  and besides what 's your point , we should let kids die cause they will be adults in the future ? 
  i 'll give you the relevant part , for the rest you 'll have to pay  women and children now account for more than half of all refugees arriving in greece , marking a gender shift at a time when some policymakers are fretting about the social risks posed by large concentrations of male immigrants . 
   last june , men accounted for 73 per cent of those who risked the dangerous sea crossing to europe from turkey , via greece . 
  but according to new figures from the un high commissioner for refugees , they have accounted for just 45 per cent so far this year . 
   at the same time , the proportion of women has nearly doubled from a low of 11 per cent last summer to 21 per cent now . 
  children account for the remaining 34 per cent . 
   the ratio of male and female migrants has come under scrutiny in the wake of the new year 's attacks in cologne , when hundreds of german women were assaulted by a crowd of men , many of whom were migrants , according to witnesses and police . 
   some analysts have pointed to the gender imbalance among the recent arrivals -- and the large concentrations of young men separated from their families -- as a possible explanation for the extraordinary mass assault . 
   one reason for the sudden gender shift is the fact that men who made the initial trip last year are now attempting to bring their families to join them . 
  another is the fact that women and children tend to have a higher chance of receiving protection in eu countries , resulting in more risking the journey , according to the unhcr . 
  january 20 , 2016, 
   90 % of them are like 20 year old men . 
  you 're [ full of shit ] ( https://www.ft.com/content/dff3b5ea-bf99-11e5-9fdb-87b8d15baec2 ), 
  how can germany expect to maintain a good relationship with britain if it keeps caling it gro\u00df ? , no wonder they brexited, 
  looks fine by me, 
  # * sniff, 
  see the [ larger context ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6f6whc/man_drinking_pint_while_fleeing_terror_becomes/dig21sq/ ) of you are replying, 
  he 's defending mister khan , i do n't think that the mayor of london is a terrorist , do you ? 
  talk to your parents and try to find a psychologist so he can counsel you, 
  sick burn bruh !, 
  in fact so sick that it died in the hospital before being able to burn anyone . 
  it is burning angels now , rip in peace, 
   richest people in the world yeah ... , let 's , let 's not go overboard with this one, 
  dear diary today i learned that mocking the world 's second largest religion is not mocking the powerful, 
   because we rock , of course . 
  blatant lie , the rock belongs to the uk :p, 
  one of the top 10 countries to live in terms of quality of life ? 
  who in their right mind would be okay with a couple of dozens of people dying ? 
  is n't it possible that you 've been misinterpreting what those people were saying ? 
  reddit really is a poor vehicle for sarcasm, 
  still wrong friendo, 
   uncle sam wrong continent matey, 
  we should the markets decide , after a couple dozens people die of food poisoning from a specific brand , we know that that brand is a no no and we switch to another, 
  everyone loves a patronizing cunt , how can she lose ? 
  ireland is not part of schengen , neither is the uk, 
  the point is russia wo n't get nasty if nato appers solid . 
  why would putin and his bitch oligarcs put their confort in the line and risk living in a nuclear waste land just to control estonia against their will ? 
  it 's good to have them in nato regardless of what they spend , boosting nato 's budget , man power and capital is not the point of having them , just an furtunate externality , the only thing worse than having estonia as an ally would be having estonia as a foe, 
  nato is a deterrent , even if the us does n't have any intent on defending any nato country they should say they do nevertheless , if nato appers solid , even if it is just apperence , no other country would be foolish enough to declare war on a nato country and there would be no need to the us to sacrifice it 's blood for other countries , but with the duffus in chief casting doubts all over the place , it becomes more tempting for a country like russia to put the solidity of nato to a test , resulting in a war , to wich the us might need to eventualy be obliged to intervene . 
  nato as it stands is an unopposable monolith that no other one country can even dream to face , even if the us slashed their military costs to just 1/4 , what makes it that monolith is garantee that if you mess with one of us you mess with us all, 
  how can peasants be against feudalism if they use the tools created in feudalism to plow their fields ? 
  check mate hypocrites !, 
  every dog is special , vertittu, 
  best of luck mate , you 'll certainly need it, 
  as you can see by [ this map ] ( http://www.essential-humanities.net/img/history/his109.png ) , eastern europe is an historical part of portugal, 
  give it time, 
  for an alien i 'm pretty regular and my school was also quite big , what 's the next step ? 
  and it 's not like they would get attacked by anyone so to nato having luxemburg is only beneficial , regardless of the amout they spend, 
  come on , trump is not ** that ** fat ... 
  they provided no sources for their claims , you should n't be so trustfull of strangers on the internet expecially when they provide you no source, 
  [ yup ] ( http://www.economist.com/blogs/graphicdetail/2016/05/gender-pay-gap-0 ) , although not as big as is usually claimed, 
  stay out of creative accounting and you 'll be fine, 
  what you mean turn to portugal , becoming a champion at everything all the time for now and always till the meaning of the word champion becomes obsolete and you start to only care about who gets to be second ? 
  i can attest to this , i was in spain , it looked quite shitty , it was eastern europe for sure, 
  look to your sins lord trump , europe is great and full of wonders . 
  the guy 's german , dingus, 
  schengen is a lie , wake up sheeple , it never existed, 
  i agree , i too dislike to see proof of my bulshit , gtfoh with your fancy graphs and figures , we had enough of you experts, 
  i do n't think u/haptoh was born yesterday , i think that he already has debated that guy 's opinion and come to the conclusion that it is a retarded opinion and it was about time to move to other opinions , that does n't make him a bigot , that makes him a healthy human, 
  you do know that there is usualy more than 2 opinions about anything , right ? 
  the ritual we did on saturday worked . 
  by the power of benfas , europop and pastorinhos with the pope 's blessing we summoned o encoberto , the hidden one . 
  soon all the world will be portugal !, 
  everything 's coming up portugal, 
  because the map creator did n't check his own source properly, 
   this map for the most part is simpyl disgusting , and it saddens me deeply of course , it is indeed disgusting for being so wrong ( [ check the source ] ( http://www.johnstonsarchive.net/policy/abortion/ ) ) . 
  it saddens me deeply that someone can see such outrageous claims and not even check the source of that claim . 
  i mean 90 % of pregnancies in some areas ending in abortion !, 
  what kind of twisted sence of whats real or not you do you have to have to belive such a ridiculous claim without even checking !, 
  i leaves me physically sick to think that someone can be this delusional and not be getting any medical treatment from some mental institution !, 
  for fuck sake , is it that much of a burden to question your ridiculous preconceptions ? 
  mate , sorry to tell you but those numbers make no fucking sense , this map is completely wrong , and you are way too naive for beliving in it take a look at the [ original source ] ( http://www.johnstonsarchive.net/policy/abortion/ ), 
   the abortion rate in some places on the map is up to 90 % . 
  have you ever considered the possibility that this map is wrong ? 
  i wish i was not poor so i could gild you, 
  [ yup !, 
  remember us , [ we exist !, 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/liberal_democrats_\\ ( uk \\ ) ), 
  thank god for your dikes , if the ocean comes some day to reclaim your land you would surely drown for being so dense, 
  russia did n't got the memo, 
  lots of people call for reform , not many propose what exactly they want to reform or any practical measure , the uk did n't ask for any reform , they asked for special treatment, 
  yes , yes , yes , no communist state ever existed and so on and so forth . 
  every single state that tried to run on communist ideals was a protectionist hellhole , north korea , cuba , urss , ethiopia , china , cambodia ... 
  pick your poison, 
   the eu showed it 's true colours where they red white and blue ? 
  what the hell do you mean by this ? 
  protectionism is the weapon communism uses to murder millions, 
  we 're all french on this blessed day !, 
  vive la republique !, 
  how is the pope a catholic ? 
  i guess you 're right , i personaly think that it 's burundi doing the hacking , ca n't trust those guys ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ / s, 
  sick response bruh !, 
  by lunatics i think he was referencing to his voters, 
  what a load of crap , no party had won a majority , so they had to form some kind of coalition , the left had more than 51 % of the votes so they formed a coalition between themselves .
