  not exactly left wing . 
  edit : small typo, 
  to fulfill the prophecies : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fifth_empire, 
  yes , let 's kill the people runing away from isis , that will surelly show isis not to mess with us . 
  absolute genius , if only the people in charge would listen to you . 
  so you want to control what other countries do without giving any control of your country to them . 
  he 's not insane , he is a kleptocrat, 
  so lets kill all the old people to avoid the refugees, 
  i studied in andalucia no so long ago and the police was quite nice and civil , what do you mean gestapo like ? 
  the people that are in one moment in time in one of those areas is not on another of those areas at the same time , unless they are at the border . 
  that makes the people in one of those areas very distinct from the people in a different area . 
  they represent 3 different areas, 
  relatively it is , and the unpeaceful places of the world are n't exatly places where centrism reigns, 
  the most prosperous and peaceful time in human history ? 
  in less than 2 years we will be seeing russian tanks in estonia, 
  fuck you whale and fuck you dolphin !, 
  then start short selling dollars , you can make a pretty penny out of this debacle, 
  what does that have to do with anything , and why have you deleted your comment ? 
  who the hell do you think you are to tell us what does or does not represent the british people, 
  bbc are traitors for playing one of their country 's most famous and influencial songs ? 
  and brexit unthinkable, 
  and look where that kind of thinking got him, 
   i 'd rather fuck a pig . 
  ftfy, 
  i heard that some guy named bob was building an army around that time , never heard of what happened to him afterwards , hope he 's alright he seemed to have a fair cause, 
  i 'm 12 and those 18 year olds are kidz to me, 
  cause they have n't choose their pope yet, 
  ireland is n't getting out , when they lowered their rates they were gaining competitivety , the uk will just keep some of the competitivety that they already have . 
  no , we are saying that we gave you money and killed no one so stop comparing us to stalin . 
  is it that difficult to accept ? 
  russia is not that far, 
  what jobs created ? 
  it wo n't create jobs , it will just , hopefully for the uk , make the people that already have a job keep it . 
  you are lowering it to keep yourself as competitive as you are now . 
  and less 3 % tax income is a huge number to add to your deficit over the years . 
  but that 's just the beauty of brexit , everybody loses . 
  just think of what you are gaining with these , you are lowering a lot of your government earnings just to keep the same appeal that you had before the exit . 
  that loss of revenue will either be debt or an increase in other taxes , either way you and everybody else loses, 
  more separatist movements per capita ? 
  what more do you want ? 
  saying fuck you greece and fuck you italy is n't good enough for you ? 
  i heard that jeremy corbyn 's one was eaten by otters, 
  no , i mean a chinese one, 
  wait and see , and try to get a european passport if you can , like nigel did . 
  just in case , 
  getting back on [ topic ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xddlxtxbaay ), 
  a brexiter enters a pizzeria and asks for a pizza , the pizza man asks him if he wants the pizza cut in 4 or 8 slices , he answers he wants it cut in just 4 slices cause he 's not feeling particularly hungry that day . 
  curb your enthusiasm, 
  th\u1ea1t, 
  saudi arabia is a piece of shit of a country , let 's not be like them, 
  because it 's in our interest to get them a proper education to stop them from blowing up , even if we end up sending them back it is still in our interest to have peacefull somewhat educated neighbors , besides the cost wo n't be that big , the money spent will be given teachers that pay taxes on the greek economy and were reciving unemployment benefits till now . 
  you are absolutely right , let lebanon pay for it all, 
  so , if the ones who could currently afford them are already buying them , this law wont lead to an increase in more attractive ads because the ones who could not afford them will carry on not being able to do so , or will only be able to buy shitty ones . 
  but if those ads are more attractive , why would n't the companies be doing them already ? 
   on the other hand , it will muck with the price of an essential food in russia , which does have an economy under stress . 
  [ that 's the idea ] ( http://edesknews.com/artem-chaika-became-the-owner-of-one-of-the-largest-producers-of-salt/ ), 
  they have nothing in common , the only thing remotely close is the first lady 's hair , and even that is not that close, 
  yeah , i understood, 
  yes , and the rest of russia while we 're at it , nothing can possibly go wrong, 
  yes but those are undistributed profits , as soon as they are distributed they are taxed in 20 % which is a higher tax than in ireland . 
  the exemption on undistributed profits is only beneficial to make your company grow , what apple is looking for in ireland is not that ( if they were they would have stayed in the us ) , they are looking for a way to take money out of the company to give to the shareholders at the minimum tax . 
  and why is his name popular ? 
  the problem is that with ttip and a similar case phillip morris could had won . 
  the reguration that already exists functions good enough to prevent the hipotetical case that you have mentioned . 
  do n't you have google in your country ? 
  i think that what he wants to avoid is something like [ this ] ( http://www.ictsd.org/bridges-news/bridges/news/tobacco-company-files-claim-against-uruguay-over-labelling-laws ), 
  they are not demanding special toilets . 
  if a guy cutted his dick off , i do n't see why he should not be allowed to use the girls bathroom , the same way i do n't see why a woman who now has a dick should be using the girls bathroom . 
  just think about it for a minute , if you are a woman who do you prefer to have beside you on a toilet , a man who looks like a woman whithout a dick and with womans hormones , or a woman with a dick that looks like a man pumped up on testosterone ? 
  there has been wars in georgia , cyprus , the balkans and now ukraine . 
  you should n't take peace as granted . 
  without the eu you would be seeing proxy wars everywhere , and russia would possibly be more bold in their excursions in other people 's countries and eastern europe would be more aligned with them , in their boldness they could even try some funny business in a nato country, 
  you are thinking on utopia that does n't have any semblance to the reality of anywhere at any moment in time , excluding maybe north korea . 
   keep the german culture the dominating culture in germany or vice versa the portuguese culture in portugal . 
  nothing against that , but do it in a positive way by promoting german culture , not by going around threatning other people that do n't like certain aspects of it . 
  as i said the most important thing is respect for the law , if they want to get on board of your bratwurst train is a completely different thing and , in the limits of reasonability , should be respected, 
  i studied in spain for half an year , the difference was n't that big , found out i have more in common with people of my own age from other contries than with old people from my neighborhood, 
  my friend , i do n't want to integrate in my father 's culture and my father did n't want to integrate in my grampa 's culture and we were all portuguese , there are hippies , fascists , communists , conservatives , catholics , liberals , atheists , freemasons , college graduates , blue collar workers , lgbt people and what ever , they all have sometimes interposed and sometimes completely different if not even oposing cultural values , and that is totally fine . 
  if migrants want to integrate is meaningless and pointless , the only important thing is that they follow our laws . 
  i do n't see how you can feel your culture being thretened by migrants , if they can keep parts of their culture in an ambient were they are a minority , how can you not keep yours if you are in the majority ? 
   people feel their way of life is being threatened by immigration and multicultural policies . 
  how is it being threatened ? 
   people want to preserve their cultural heritage preserve it then , what 's stoping you from doing it , and what does preserving ones culture has to do with getting rid of the other people 's . 
  for example if i wanted to preserve some traditional portuguese dance i would create some kind of association or join an already existing one , what i would n't do is going around demanding that people close down the kizomba schools . 
  you are right that it is not a pragmatic or sustainable choice , but that 's what you do in a emergency , the reception of the syrian refugees is only a short term solution , but still necessary . 
  those people are running from a war , you ca n't talk about solving the long term problems and ignore the short term . 
  when there is a fire you call the firefighters to put the fire down , you do n't call them to install cease-fire cans while the place is burning . 
  never underestimate the power of idiocy, 
  not true , sometimes they also take livers . 
  that makes them idiots , not lazy, 
  people who have not read the entire article are not lazy , it would be impossible to read every single article that slightly interests you every single day , unless doing that is your full time job, 
  `` a must read !, 
  i was skeptical first , but after trying i could not get enough '' - teodoro obiang nguema mbasogo, 
  so subtle  but i think he was just thinking on the pkk, 
  i saw one in 2004 losing a euro to a greek, 
  you are overreacting a bit mate, 
  i agree , but i did n't call it insensible did i ? 
  you have no idea what you are talking about, 
  have n't you been paying attention to their flag, 
  yeah , but the brits in spain are n't migrants mate , they 're expats , learn the diference pleb ,
