  suck on that europoors i 'm going to be a millionaire, 
  hahaha , spain sucks so much , look how uncompetitive it is, 
  who killed batman 's parents ? 
  what does it justice ? 
  the jpeg ? 
   so on what do you base that cuba is a second wold country ? 
  the defenition kid . 
   you are more likely to be in prison if you are an american than a cuban . 
  i never said that the us was a great place  you were probably more likely to be tortured by being a generic muslim in afghanistan such high standards you have xd  sure , tell me which country close to cuba 's per capita gdp ... that 's exactly the problem , the country should n't be so poor , especially when compared with other countries that had somewhat similar dictatorships like brazil , argentina , chile , peru , portugal , spain , uruguay . 
  when cuba went from batista to castro , it got better , but if it had gonne straigth from autocracy to a market based democracy , it would be light years away better than it is now , health care included, 
  cuba is a second world contry , and i 'm comparing it in just one metric to countries like chile and slovenia and costa rica too . 
  when you sacrifice everything , like personal fredom , freedom of expression , purchase power , risk of being tortured or killed , for good health care , and you see that your health care is not even that remarkable when compared to other contries in which those sacrifices are not being made , you start to realise that you got a rotten deal, 
  if cuban health care is so great , why is it the 32\u00ba in life expectancy , behind countries like spain , portugal , greece , slovenia , chile , costa rica , and even countries with shit health care coverage like the us ? 
  and my ax, 
  [ so much fixing , i got tired of fixing ] ( https://imgur.com/a/em35u ), 
  i 'll just do it to ease my economic anxiety, 
  one is a stretch the other is just wrong, 
  no , i 'm just saying that you can make an argument out of this , not that i would agree with it, 
  all of them puppets, 
  you can also say it was austria dictating germany 's policies , if you stretch it a bit, 
  thanks to all polish friends for this act of raising awereness to the iberian forest fires, 
  with russians, 
  ken m ?!, 
  you 're here ? 
  was a nato country attacked ? 
  nice try russian spy , loose lips sink ships, 
  he 's drinking sagres so it sure is lisbon, 
  so merkel is n't pressing europe to adopt shakira law ? 
  i 've been training my hips for nothing :(, 
  do they know that ower words are backed with nuclear weapons ? 
  paying for your own inheritance has to be the worst trade deal in the history of trade deals , and having to conquer it afterwards is just ridiculous , what happened ? 
  have they lost the receipt ? 
  what you mean they have that right ? 
  it 's a luxury , have n't you heard him ? 
  indeed , i 'm fed up of those f * cking scots and welsh just waltzing into england 's green and pleasant land as if it is their right , what are we waiting to border control those thugs, 
  and the notes should also have a motivational sentence , like `` hang in there '' , so that the people would be inspired to work harder to get more of them, 
  remember when they instaled all those cctv cameras all over london they said they were just for violent crimes and terrorists , now they use them for minor traffic infractions and all kids of petty shit, 
   so we can have a single market , but not a singular quality standard ? 
  we have minimum quality standards on lots of products , [ that was one of the reasons the uk left ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s_2_4corxbw ) , bendy bananas and all that . 
  indeed , not just anachronistic , but also unfair and not very economic sound , but neoliberalism is quite a wide concept , most do n't look back to classical laissez-faire pre-war economy as something particularly desirable . 
  do n't confuse it with anarcho capitalism, 
   ** even ** among neoliberals . 
  this part, 
  i did n't ask what 's neoliberalism, 
   even among neoliberals . 
  what do you mean by that ? 
  indeed , they were a great success , that 's why today the orthodox church is practicaly inexistent throughout all the ex-soviet territory , wait ... 
  no only that , but the entirity of the balkans and moldova are there and so is ukraine without crimea , and cyprus without the north . 
  what a stupid and silly map . 
  mate , romans threw christians to be eaten by lions in mass public spectacles , it only empowered christianity . 
  it 's the same with islam , you ca n't stop a religion by force . 
  i think the girl is saying she is both sunni and shia , so su-shi, 
   i 'm not going to vote for the lesser evil . 
  this reminds me of a story : pavel , the wise pole , was traveling the countryside until he got kidnapped by ivan , the sadistic ruskie . 
  once pavel was restrained , ivan gave him 3 options to escape , one option he should pay him 45000 zloty , second option he got his left arm cut off , third option he should pay him 150 zloty . 
  pavel thought and thought , but he being a very smart person he was n't going to fall for obvious evil russian plot , so he said , you 're trying to trick me , all the options you give me are bad , so i wo n't make a choice . 
  ivan cut his arm and took of all the money pavel had in his wallet , about 380 zloty , and ran away . 
  pavel 's genius is the stuff of legend , and till this day his deeds of outwitting the mischievous russian plot are still told to every child in the planet, 
  your sense of humour is as poor as las hurdes, 
  since 2017 apparently , 
  weak and wobbly is the spanish motto, 
  you said he was lied to , what you might not have accounted for is that he might be one of the ones doing the lieing, 
  dumber than spending energy trying to end it , is spending energy defending it , what a despicable person, 
   i know it 's bad and barbaric , but whatabout ... 
  you should n't reddit when you 're drunk , it makes you ramble incoherently, 
  why are you bringing regular migration to a talk about refugees , regular bangladeshi migrants are not a part of the quotas . 
  why do you try to murk the discussion ? 
  on a 2 days account , are you being paid to sow contention or are you just an idiot for the fun of it ? 
   because it 's not their problem . 
  indeed , fuck you italy and fuck you greece , amirite ? 
  more expensive tourism, 
  thanks for informing us mister legal expert, 
  the door 's always open, 
   if you ca n't tell , does it matter ? 
  no , but i think the point that he was trying to make is that it does n't matter even if you can tell, 
  ok then , suck on that soros , the japanese might disappear in 100 years , but you 'll never take glorious nippon land , hahahahaha you were n't counting on that ; unless ... unless ... unless you wait a tiddy bit longer and take the land after there is no one there to protect it \u03c6 ( \u25ce \u30ed \u25ce  \u03c6, 
  my point is that soros and his cabal of islamists are plotting to genocide all of japan has we speak , [ it has started long ago ] ( https://www.economist.com/blogs/banyan/2014/03/japans-demography ), 
  you forgot vegetarians and cyclists, 
  there might not be a japan in 100 years, 
  7 hours , still nothing :(, 
   you know what all those have in common ? 
  they were all propped up by the ussr . 
   khmer rouge were supported by the usa : /, 
  stalinoids , maooids , dergoids , maduroids , castroids , rouge khmeroids , kim jung oids , the list goes on, 
  maybe greece or turkey, 
  then the solution is quite obvious , stop being a gross motherfucker , get a wife and make some kids, 
  deport them all to poland / s, 
  this is some bona fide r/beholdthemasterrace material, 
  should had gone for this [ video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hybegkcv7gg ) or [ this one ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fkmhx7lzs6o ), 
  what 's not to love about imprecise legal wording ? 
  the food market is probably the furthest thing you can get from a monopolist market , you wo n't starve , just buy something local and move on with your life, 
   its shittier and it costs more !, 
  then why the hell do you keep buying it ? 
  what part of they were n't in french waters , can you not understand ? 
  it 's only terrorism when the others do it, 
  neither , more like disgusting misery, 
  say whaaa ^ a ^ a ^ a ^ a ^ ^ at ? 
  if you have to start a sentence with `` if you think that was crazy '' , when nobody has told you so , it might be an indication that you might be a little out there , if you catch me drift . 
  seek help, 
  what a dumpsterfire of a comment,
