  you heard it first here , your political conviction is n't serious till you try to kill someone, 
  no it would n't , this is from 2016, 
  now i want to see the crime numbers for extreme centrists, 
  the false dichotomy strikes again, 
   hundreds of thousands you on acids ? 
  neither did pol pot , such a nice fela he was, 
  yes , as we all know there are only 2 options of government , repressive fascism and repressive comunism , nothing more , gtfoh with your false false dichotomy, 
  the truest cliches are the most tired ones , the more appropriate they are the more use they get, 
   kadyrov ordered his security forces to shoot uninvited russian security forces on sight ... where have you read that ? 
   i think you meant ~ ~ `` thriving '' ~ ~ thieving ftfy, 
  in post-soviet russia , russia chooses you, 
  do you get paid for being this stupid or you just do it pro bono ? 
  first you act like you never heard of the guy before , and now you have such a profound knowledge of him that you claim to know his personal thoughts on nationality, 
  you should have some english classes so you can learn the meaning of words, 
  he 's hungarian, 
  and that man 's name ... albert einstein, 
  good luck in calling the army when a police officer wrongly arrests you, 
  so ... lawyers ? 
  do you reconize your problem and swear by the old gods and the new to make an effort to avoid falling in it again ? 
  i do n't recall making any affirmation , can you please point me out ? 
  ask an historian , i 'm not qualified to answer, 
  have you ever heard about the science of archeology , it 's not a science the religious would tell you . 
  it 's an historians legend . 
  archeology was a science , so powerful and so wise it could study human activity by recovering artifacts from the times of old ... it had such a knowledge of the past , it could even keep the cultures it cared about from being forever lost . 
  ironic , it could save other from being forgoten , but not itself, 
  do you know for a fact that no one knows , or you 're just assuming ? 
   ** i 'm not sure ** that `` mariage '' existed before `` organized religion got their dirty mitts on it '' . 
  you see your problem ? 
  you 're talking without knowing, 
  politicaly i 'm more than a dead horse , even the thought of running for a political position in france is completely denied to me . 
  does that mean that i can go around committing crimes in france without consequence ? 
  and swamping those swamps, 
  shit , shit , shit , shit , i should 've invested in eastern poland !, 
  now it 's too late , will my son ever forgive me ? 
  no , it would be regressive , the word backwards should have given you a hint, 
  sultan do n't like it , [ rockin ' the casbah ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bj9r8lmu9bq ), 
  and timor , nasty business that was, 
  yes he is , he came from a poor family and today he is one of the richest and most powerful in the planet . 
  you do n't get such an ascension by being an idiot, 
  what this guy is spouting is n't neoliberalism , it 's just nonsense, 
  light years away, 
  they ask for cutting the hands of thieves , leaving them even worse of in a position to get a proper job . 
  we give thieves an education so that they can be productives members of our society when released . 
  see how our system is superior ? 
  but do n't take my word for it , go to a country with the kind of laws that you want and see for yourself, 
  yes , let 's make our laws as different from theirs as we can, 
  you are the one asking for a system that more resembles their backwards ideology . 
  i know , i know , but in all seriousness , when are you turning yourself to the cops ? 
  i 'm quite afraid for my own safety knowing you can run around freely, 
  then move to a country that does n't do that and bask in the glory of their system, 
  that 's the kind of argument i expect from someone who is willing to kill someone on false pretences , killing inocent people is a dreadful crime , acording to your logic , that makes you a threat to our society . 
  when are you going to turn yourself to the police ? 
  they do go somewhere else , it 's called prison mate, 
  fair point, 
  how 's that different from what i wrote ? 
  do go on, 
  it 's the same logic that you use mate , i really do n't care about your point , if your logic it 's nonsense , only by blind chance will your point be correct, 
  brilliant , so stalin is n't really far left , there was only one party in soviet republic , if you compare that party to the others in relative terms you will see that it is neither to the left of them or the right , it stands perfectly on the center of soviet politics . 
  stalin was the perfect centrist !, 
  you heard it first here !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 1 !!!!, 
  i was expecting it to be a bit more polished, 
  cars, 
  but it 's provocative , it gets the people going, 
  what killed the dinosaurs ? 
  trump has kept his promise of bombing them back to the stone age, 
  why have n't i done that !, 
  by that time why should the eu care, 
  the uk had way more than 100,000 muslims in the 70 's , the trucial states and brunei were part of it at that time , and if you go 20 years back you get places like india , pakistan , bangladesh , palestine , you name it, 
  why does god hate russia so much ? 
  or too crazy . 
  mental health is the most important aspect of homelessness, 
  [ or are they ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p_mufruv2xm ) ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ they ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ are, 
  it 's the logical conclusion of what your wrote, 
  yes , everyone dreams of being burn to death with all their loved ones, 
  your problem is that you are assuming that there is no alternative , when there clearly is . 
  the only way you can prove me wrong is by making a chart with homelessness by country in one field and the amout of fire regulations per country on the other and see if there is a correlation . 
  i 'm very sceptical that you will find anything . 
  if a company ca n't provide the minimum security standards for their products , they should get the fuck out of the way , they are fucking up the market for the others that can . 
  good , if you ca n't supply a safe product get out of the market , you 're taking share of those that can, 
   there might be a part of article 50 that says we can stop it if we want . 
  yes , there is , if the other 27 agree unanimously, 
   i was ok with the soviet union i guess you can find all kinds of idiots on the web, 
  sorry to tell you but it 's not a decison for macron to take , he 's 1 in 28, 
  i think it 's golden, 
  the yellow one, 
  they kicked some german ass, 
  this does n't look like an artificially imposed quota , macrons thinks that there is value to the female point of view , woman are generally are more in the possession of that point of view than men , therefore there is relative more demand for women . 
  and who says that these are not the most capable to the position even if we set aside the previous point ? 
   ever single aspect or trait a person does not choose to have should be irrelevant . 
  nobody choses to be insane , yet i would not be happy with insane people in parliment . 
   if women want more women in positions of power they should vote for them that 's what just happened !, 
  hey guirigger , we do n't take kindly to your types around here . 
  not a racist , i have lots of them lobsterbacks friends, 
  the hellenic nation has forsaken the old ways of old , lord poseidon is n't pleased, 
  of course it is , it 's in their name silly, 
  and the worst part is that dei wil tuk ower jabrs, 
  another one falls victim of [ the proofster ] ( http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/facebook/001/098/113/33d ), 
  i do n't want the mainland to get full of brits , they refuse to integrate , they never learn the language of the contry that they go to , and just look at what they did to the coast of spain !, 
  lord poseidon has heard our prayers and punished the infidel scum from his lands , all glory to his earthshaking wetness,
