deep-fried mars bars, 
  hope it 's not a war theatre, 
  are you retarded ? 
  if you exclude the refuges from syria the amount of people coming from other places should be about the same as it as been all the other years prior . 
  if the measures have been good enough for the other years they should not need major changes to the years to come, 
  the way we been doing until now, 
  i 'm talking about the syrian refugees only , to the rest of them , most wo n't be given refugee status, 
  there are not 40 million syrians in the world , the frog is being boiled slowly , and the maximum temperature is 4 million, 
  it 's 4 million max , a totally manageable number, 
  austria and germany introduced border checks temporarily , they didnt built a fence . 
  eu is falling to adress the problem because of oposition from countries like hungary . 
  regarding the ones that are not runing from war , i agree that they should not be granted stay , but that is no reason for treating everyone the way the hungarian goverment is treating them, 
  you ask can all people from poor contries come , when you should first ask do all peoples from poor countries want to come . 
  and the answer to that question would be no . 
  the refugees are not runing from their country because they want to , they are not runing because they were poor , they are runing because of war , because there is no more life to be had in their place of origin , because there are mad men running around wanting to cut their heads and enslave their women and children . 
  that 's what makes them want to come . 
  and when you realise this , you realise that there is a limited number to those who can come , and that number will be the answer to your question . 
  that number is around 4 millions and they dont need and indeed are not coming all to europe , only about 5 % are coming , and that number is completely manageable . 
  people from all over the world can and indeed come to europe . 
  there are lots of nigerians , congolese , bangladeshi and so on living in europe right now . 
  your premise makes no sense, 
  i fail to see the competence in beating up unarmed people runing from war or erecting walls whith other schengen countries , and boicoting the only viable solution to the crises . 
   very poor people from all over the world like from hungary, 
   most people i know applauded hungarians the proverbial circlejerk, 
  that kind of thing tends to happen when you are ruled by a discount autocrat, 
  are you crazy , the guy is russian , he can get killed for saying that, 
  ukip is a very special party , pretty much like a kid who stands in the corner eating glue, 
  yes , they are way funnier and usualy feature a clown doing an impression of charlie chaplin . 
  train stations, 
  i do n't understand what your point is , ex-islamic state fighters should be arrested , but that has nothing to do with the refugees, 
  it looks like finland is finnish https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mr3jnw2kcus, 
  ca n't see it , twsj is asking me for money , what does it say in there ? 
  if they come back it wo n't be as refugees , they are european citizens . 
  you do n't need to send those who joined isis to arab contries , they kinda did that by themselves , did n't they ? 
  you can always go back to the place you came from , refuges ca n't, 
  you won, 
  even a broken clock is right twice a day, 
  then he was an outstanding person , but probably a bunch of his frinds punched their wives . 
  the ironic part is that it is . 
  old people are ` nt known for their progressive ideas, 
  they are criticised not because of this but because of their methods , they are the reason why feminism gets such a bad rap nowadays . 
  if you do a quick google search on them i think you will agree . 
  but that being said , this protest was hilarious . 
  so not only emigrants steal our legal jobs they also steal the criminal work of our criminals , bastards, 
  nice try erik the red , but i wo n't fall for that again, 
  more like putonium, 
  given orban 's comments it gets kind of hard not to take that opinion, 
   what you call `` whole attitude '' is the general impression you get from watching the media . 
  no , that whole attitude is what i get from listening to orban, 
  after seeing your comment , i see that there might still be hope for hungary , after seeing all the comments from your country mates i was wondering how could a entire nation become so retarded in so little time, 
  they do n't get much crimes , so they ca n't gain experience in solving them, 
  true the saudis and russians are to blame as much as the west , but do you really expect autocracies to do humanitarian work, 
  they might have been arrogant , but they were right though, 
  bahh , you win , enjoy it !, 
  you are king of the yugoslav facts !, 
  once portugal gets out of the crisis i will shower you in gold, 
  yuguslavia of course . 
  yes , yes i know about the stalin-tito split , but that happened to late , the name eastern europe had already settled . 
  he is right though , only the former soviet bloc countries in eastern europe get called eastern , greece , turkey , and cyprus are pretty in the east , but never get called eastern , while czechia is as west as austria but always get called eastern . 
  how come ? 
  chickens are decent people and never suported isis , turkey on the other hand ... 
  i literally know nothing about belarus so i ca n't really comment on it, 
  they have no border with russia, 
  not as good as [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zksrutujoye ), 
  there is no such a thing as a [ / r/uk ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/uk ) you lying twat, 
  extremely right dad, 
  so can we put ` im out of nato ? 
  with the lack of women china is having , i m pretty sure they wont be called leftovers for long, 
  i agree with you on this , but it 's as he said , that is a problem with the content of the agreement , not with the way it is being negociated , you or your elected representative will have the chance to shut it down once the negotiations are over, 
  i think that what he is saying is that too many cooks spoil the broth , you should wait till they end up cooking and then decide if you want to eat it or not . 
  so i 'm being ruled by pregnant women and handicapped people ? , is that why they get privileged parking spaces ? 
  god damn leeches sucking all our welfare , if only we could find a way for people to have more unwanted children that problem could be solved ... 
  really effective , no doubt about it . 
  it 's so effective that they have been doing this for decades and the terrorist atacks have n't stop yet, 
  in russia he does, 
  formidable interpretation, 
  we are not dying out , we are spreading out , you will find portuguese people having babies everywhere , just not in portugal, 
  no , but they are the victims in this one, 
  i know , these are beasts of no nation , but the still point stands , being rutheless migh make you fell like you are doing something , but in reallity it 's like fighting a dandelion infestation by kicking them around , you are just sowing the seeds for more problems in the future . 
  remember in roman times cristians used to be trown at lions in public gory spetacles , but that did n't got rid of cristianity , it just helped it grow faster , and jews were persecuted viciouly throughout the ages but that didnt got rid of them , comunist were brutaly hunted down in latin america , and that didnt stop them either . 
  it doesnt matter the ideology , you ca n't crush it by sheer brute force . 
  even if we do all of that the attacks wont stop , franco tried that in spain and it didnt stop eta , tatcher tried that in northern ireland and it didnt stop ira , erdogan tried that and it did n't stop pkk , even putin and xi jinping are relatively powerless against terrorists . 
  try harder , one day you will, 
  why are they so oposed to muslims if they share so much political views with them ? 
   gypsies straight out refuse to be a part of the society . 
  that 's true , lots of gypsies are cunts , but you can not claim gypsies in general are cunts , gypsies are like you and me and react to the same incentives in the same way as us , when a gypsie comits a crime you should blame the individual and not everyone as you were doing , i think that that is just common sense . 
  what you were claimming about the gypses is exactly , almost word by word , what in western europe used to be claimed about eastern europeans , i once was robed by an eastern european , but guess what , i do n't think that every eastern european should be put in jail or be deported , only that single cunt, 
  what you mean gypsies do n't integrate , there are gypsies that won nobel prizes ( wich no slovak ever did ) , their contributions to european art ca n't be overstated , like the contributions to flamenco either as dancers or players , there are artists that defined eras like django reinhart , or were descendant from gypsies like charlie chaplin , there are gypsies that became nobles in europe or elected as presidents , like juscelino kubitschek , the founder of the brazilian capital and arguably one of the best presidents of brazil . 
  about the crime statistcs you do n't hear much about gypsie crime in the usa or south america or other places outside europe , it 's not that it is inexistent , it 's just that it is more or less on the national average , i would guess that the lack of oportunities for gypsies and the prejudice people have against them in europe are the force stoking the flames of gypsie crime, 
  you were the one who said you were seing it first handed, 
  yes , slovakia on the good old days was such , a paradise , but now the brown people destroyed it , all 7 of them, 
  they do n't , they just dislike him less, 
  you can sign up [ here ] ( https://www.ryanair.com/sk/en/ ), 
  yes , only now terrorist groups will start to target western looking people for kidnaping, 
  who are you quoting ? 
  if turkey is european , then spain is african and france is south american, 
  1 more than sweden, 
  what about this for a rule , if a statue is self erected by a cunt , then it should go down ( unless it is really old ), 
  people have always been like that . 
  the only ones really pushing for measures curtailing freedom of speech are [ victor orban in hungary ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2014/mar/23/turkey-twitter-erdogan-ban-a-blunder ) , [ the pis party in poland ] ( http://news.yahoo.com/polands-president-signs-media-law-despite-eu-concerns-134955559.html ) , erdogan in turkey , [ the pope in the vatican ] ( http://time.com/3668875/pope-francis-charlie-hebdo/ ) and putin in russia .
