  still , i do n't pretend that there 's not racism . 
  i know that there 's skinheads in my country who 've done some violent things against people like me so i 'm always wary of people with shaved heads ( and here 's my prejudice . 
  i 'm guilty of this too . ), 
  not to be mean but french people can be smug about a ton of things . 
  i was born when my country was in the eu already and my parents , who lived through the transition , can admit that things are better now . 
  refugees and immigration do n't seem like big issues where i live when i take into the account all the advantages . 
  as a non-white european , i 'd rather stay in the western side , thank you . 
  at least the terrorists dispise me for reasons not related to race . 
  if things go really bad and i have to join the military , i 'll gladly defend the nation where i was born . 
  my biggest problem was how many entered the eu all of a sudden ( 12 countries in less than 4 years ) . 
  let 's remember that portugal and spain had some trouble joining in because greece was n't into the idea of other poor countries joining or something . 
  only nine years later austria , sweden and finland were able to join in . 
  wow , i 'm dumb . 
  i did n't even take that into account . 
  no , and 3 out of 4 of my grandparents came from those overseas territories ... 
  i 'll be visiting macau this summer though . 
  my friends made fun of me for watching it religiously every year to becoming super interested , this year . 
  screw you , i had to suffer with the possible humiliation our country would endure when we almost sent cristiano ronaldo 's sister in 2016 ( good thing the plans were canceled due to `` no money '' ) . 
  so yeah , eurovision was something almost no portuguese cared about until 2017 . 
  let 's see how long it 'll last . 
  massachusetts . 
  there 's a lot of portuguese people there . 
  just kidding !, 
  oregon . 
  between california and washington ( both cool places ) but seems more relaxed . 
  afro-european ( my family has been here since the 60 's , my grandmother is white though ) . 
  never had a problem with the police . 
  my primary school , which had a police station really close by , had us engage with the policeman quite often and we saw them as our friends and not the `` scary authority '' . 
  i 've been stopped three times at night and whenever they asked me if i have been drinking , when i say no , they believe me ( if they still wanted to test me i 'd be ok with it ) . 
  in the end , i actually feel safer when there 's police around . 
  and as someone who travels quite a lot , i 've never had a bad experience with the police in other european countries either . 
  what ? 
  that 's actually funny because we usually are n't a very optimistic nation . 
  women ? 
  `` portugu\u00eas '' , officially . 
  `` tuga '' is the slang . 
  i 'd try for sure . 
  i like how it sounds and plus , why not ? 
  there 's not any disadvantage about it . 
  i second this !, 
  i 've been to austria too and never felt out of place or had any rude interaction . 
  the austrians i met in erasmus were the friendliest . 
  czech republic was the first country where i had a negative experience . 
  for some reason , russian speakers in portugal learn the language really fast . 
  and in lisbon , even an old lady could help you with broken english . 
  ahahah , good one !, 
  in here they just recently allowed a child to have two biological mothers in the id ( something about the egg of a woman and the womb of another ) , so things seem to be going well for gay people ( gay marriage , gay adoption , and now this ... ) . 
  * what if you 're portuguese * ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ) ? 
  i can see why . 
  euro is cool and all and i would n't go back ( now ) but in the beginning , the inflation was ridiculous . 
  several times a week ( the person i 'm dating is half asian ) . 
  in my country , very rarely . 
  less than 5 times a year probably . 
  i know i can !, 
  the sand creeps in everywhere !, 
  you 'll be fine in portugal . 
  black people are not uncommon ( due to the colonies the country used to have ) and younger people here ( < 35 ) follow the american culture a lot so the moment they realise that you 're a tourist ( from the usa !, 
  ) , you 're cool . 
  edit : most people know english . 
  older people might try to speak to you in portenglish though . 
  never . 
  not in my country neither the other european countries i 've been to ... 
  now i realised how stupid `` estou sim ? '', 
  sounds when translated , but that 's how i do it sometimes ... 
  a renault clio from 1994 that my parents bought after i was born and gave to me when i turned 18 . 
  i have a big attachment to it and the 400 $ + gasoline i spend with it yearly still seem worth it , for emotional reasons . 
  not always . 
  i 'm half cape verdean but i do n't consider myself cape verdean because i do n't know anything about the culture/country ( even if i do look like one ) . 
  my grandparents did n't even teach the language to their kids , who were all born here . 
  our traditions are mainly portuguese . 
  i do n't even get half of a pass with other africans . 
  oh , i get it now . 
  glad that you had such opportunity and found a school ( and place ) that suited you more . 
  i ca n't imagine being in such situation . 
  i 'm slightly confused : so you moved to paris before university because of school or your family was already in france ? 
  my dad has worked in both spain and france and i had the opportunity to go live with him but i guess that i was luckier with the schools i attended ( all in oeiras municipality ) and did n't find a good enough reason to move . 
  in the south the water can get warmer . 
  true . 
  my great-grandfather ended up married with a portuguese girl but a lot of his siblings moved elsewhere . 
  some of my grandmother 's cousins live in israel now . 
  maybe to our brothers in the east ... 
  this man was n't exactly hated or adored `` trump style '' but in the last century , probably antonio de salazar ( yeah , it has been said that j.k.rowling called salazar slytherin in harry potter after him but it might be false ) . 
  the older generation ( even my grandfather who immigrated from cape verde to portugal whilst salazar was the prime minister , in the 60 's ) say good things about him , how the country was in a better economic situation and everyone had food and shelter . 
  most people despise him for being associated with the dictatorship years and everything that is bad and is associated with such political regime ( oppression , censorship , etc ) i personally respect him for our neutral stance during wwii and his stance with the war refugees . 
  i would n't exist if it was n't for him , ironically ( my grandmother is of jewish descent and her family came to portugal as refugees ) . 
  there 's an american store in town and besides the peppermint canes and other sweets i 've got to taste , which i honestly love and ca n't find similar in my country , some brands like hershey 's ( soapy chocolate ) twizzlers ( plastic with a twinge of strawberry or other flavour ) and extra gum ( loses its flavour really quickly compared to trident ) taste kind of fake . 
  who hates us ? 
  i do n't get it . 
  who 's `` they '' ? 
  true , specially upper class people . 
  a friend of mine has < first name  < second name  < mother 's first surname  < father 's first surname  < mother 's last surname  < father 's last surname  . 
  from all those surnames , three of them are kind of uncommon and two of them are connected with important families in some regions/business . 
  so in the end , carrying all those names is a way to show how `` important '' you are . 
  my parents decided to have fun and my last name is my mother 's middle name ( my grandma 's last maiden name ) . 
  kind of uncommon . 
  my parents share the same last name ( from my father ) but my siblings and i do n't have it in any part of our full names . 
  i 've eaten 0,39 $ chocolate bars from the supermarket 's brand that tasted way better . 
  no joke . 
  when i eat chocolate , i like to feel it melt in my mouth . 
  i do n't think that it happened with the hershey chocolate i tried .
