i 've been to koln and i really liked that city and have been considering the suburbs nearby for a long time . 
  but i do n't know , when i get the chance to move , maybe things will be more difficult for emigrants and all . 
  i got ta be honest : we 're on the other side of the continent so the only refugees from syria i have knowledge of came on a plane and in a considerable low number . 
  i think that most of them are young adults that came to study so i do n't even know if they 're part of this big wave of people coming . 
  but days ago on the news , it was pointed out that some villages in portugal are ready to receive refugees ( not in high numbers , maybe tens of them ) and well , they interviewed a woman who was all pissed off because she 's worried about the houses that are for sale in her town being occupied by migrants and decreasing the value or something . 
  besides of my finance teacher , who claims how lucky we are and how these people want to the same opportunities to study and work i 've honestly not heard a lot of opinions . 
  share debt problems , really ? 
  when countries like greece hid the real numbers for years and had the public sector milking a lot of money without regard to efficiency i do n't think that it 's fair making everyone pay for it . 
  not all countries can handle as many migrants as germany but portugal , for example , can handle some of them . 
  edit : but yeah , i still agree that when germany 's open door it 's what 's bringing more migrants . 
  australia, 
  my only opinion about georgia comes from eurovision . 
  so the greeks are able to afford toyota ? 
  or is this the big last investment for the next ten years ? 
  i 'll be in dijon ( universit\u00e9 de bourgogne ), 
  i 'm actually lucky that my university got most things online but still , not as fast and convenient as ireland . 
  thank you for the heads up regarding the administrative processes in france . 
  about the formality and hand a sheet to professors , that 's just like in portugal . 
  well , now i feel a bit more prepared . 
  thank you !, 
  yeah , probably . 
  they only point out things like the agriculture that suffered with the quotas and how salazar made a better job with the portuguese economy . 
  i 'm not saying that they 're lying , but i do n't see portugal being much better outside of the eu . 
  my russian friend always told me that the media is the one ruining things for russians in europe . 
  she even told me that black people are perceived as cool and exotic in russia !, 
  i would n't put greece in there . 
  not even portugal . 
  it 's sad to hear about this but it does n't surprise me a bit . 
  even in my country i can find people ( even university students ) that think that portugal would be better off without the eu . 
  their arguments are so stupid that most debates just end with `` i 'll not argue with you , you love eu too much '' . 
  they are in a horrible situation but when i heard about how they took advantage of the social security system it makes me mad . 
  http://www.wsj.com/articles/sb10001424052970203370604577263863362854348 unfortunately , its a cultural thing and i see it also in portugal ( not so much now , thanks to troika and the need to cut expenses , which started a huge search for people that presented fake children and other things to get more money ), 
  so , we could have a change in the regulations for the use of pesticide in products but the thing regarding toys inside food would be untouched ? 
  if we think about the economic impact of kinder eggs , kinda makes sense ... 
  stupid question : would this partnership make the kinder egg disappear ? 
  wow !, 
  it bothers me a lot when they start screaming and crying like they 're the victims ... 
  wow , what a bunch of ungrateful bastards !, 
  true . 
  only this week i found out about the gypsy student in my college . 
  everyone was surprised about it . 
  plus , he got into college with a very high grade ( 17 out of 20 ) and when erasmus application came along , he was in the top 10 of applicants . 
  i work with gypsy kids every weekend and i can tell that he was n't raised like the kids i engage with . 
  if a kid is successful in school and the teachers tell the parents that , instead of making the kid drop out , they start to make him miss classes with the `` we 're poor and we need his help to sell stuff in the street market '' . 
  then the kids fails school by missing to much and the process repeats itself until they get him married . 
  edit : word, 
  neither did i. 
  we ca n't get it right , ahah !, 
  i thought i was watching the show with attention , until i saw people giving 8 , 10 , 12 points to russia . 
  still ca n't remember seeing that performance ... 
  true . 
  they brought their cultures into the music and made it fun !, 
  true . 
  people are taking eurovision too seriously . 
  only israel and a few others brought the good old eurovision acts . 
  plus , now we 're seeing hipsters singing too . 
  shame ... 
  the only muslim i know told me that his sister is married to his cousin and he did n't get why we were surprised ... 
  you 're right . 
  gon na edit . 
  all rapes are equally bad . 
  poor kid . 
  edit : ranted something very stupid and deleted it . 
  he was fifth in nine candidates . 
  the ones that had less votes than him were all university graduates, 
   for a start , you would be downvoted by every portuguese redditor ever i see that you know r/portugalcaralho, 
  integration that will end up with everybody being happy is impossible . 
  i had this in my university residence ... 
  in my erasmus the percentage of girls there was around 80 % for sure . 
  some czech girls ended up disappointed because they did n't have as much sex as they 'd like ... 
  what a delusional prick . 
  can confirm . 
  romanians whooped my ass in an english course . 
  edit : and easily whooped french people asses too !, 
  those numbers for france are bothering me the most . 
  i ca n't believe that the percentage in france is that high . 
  studied abroad there and i was shocked that even the tumblr generation struggles a little . 
  ugh , tell me about it . 
  i 've been here doing my erasmus , and even though i choose france to improve my french , sometimes i really need to speak in english and i was really surprised with how bad some university students are ... shout out to the ones who try hard , tho ... 
  maybe this question is a bit dumb , but i 'm seriously curious if anything would happen to the euro . 
  from what i can gather , the ttip would affect the market access and probably the trade rate between eu and usa . 
  so , would the euro be affected in any way ? 
  hello sub . 
  in two months i 'll be in france for one semester and in the last months i noticed that i ca n't get that much feedback from other people . 
  in my country , people do n't choose france as destination that much since it 's not famous for the parties and such . 
  so , can you share with me your experiences ? 
  i 'd like to say 20 but i only spent around 20 hours in hungary . 
  does it count ? 
  most countries i 've visited have such rudimental used for the atm , i 'd never think that portugal would have one of the most advanced atm systems out there . 
  he just generalised it to `` 2004 enlargement '' . 
  in my opinion it was just too many countries at the same time . 
  even my 12 year old self thought the same , when i learned about it on my school 's european club . 
  de gaulle always knew ... 
  exactly what i thought . 
  just go to south portugal and there 's a some mena looking men in there . 
  they still seem closer to european standards than turkey , nowadays . 
  or maybe i 'm wrong . 
  he 's a disgrace to his greek ( ? ), 
  last name . 
  that 's so nordic .
