  the carreira family . 
  it started with the father and now both his sons sing too . 
  they mostly do it in portuguese but if i 'm not wrong there was the occasional spanish/english song . 
  ironically , their last name can be translated to `` career '' . 
  i do n't consider them the best but the dad is the portuguese singer with most cd 's sold , my mom and grandma love him and honestly , thank god for the new wave of portuguese music from singers of african descent because honestly , even if i do n't appreciate them also , at least they shook is reign . 
  we had for earthquakes too , but mostly fires , yeah . 
  a reason why it has been known since the 90 's as the orgasmus exchange program . 
  it did n't disappoint ( only academically ) . 
  well , i real life , i 've never met a divorced eastern european . 
  and i know dozens ... 
  if it was n't it would n't be featured on assassin 's creed , that 's for sure !, 
  but seriously , changing the capital just because of a natural disaster would be a bad idea . 
  in that century lisbon was already an important place for economic trade and the marquis did a good job with its rebuilt , making it easier to navigate and more appealing to the eye compared to other important cities ( porto is cool and also close to the sea but it feels darker and tighter . 
  still a great place to visit ! ) . 
  the town i currently live in ( west to central lisbon ) was affected too and i know that if something similar happens again , the sea will be at my doorstep ( after my house crumbles ) , but i 'm not even thinking about moving 3km away north ( to the place where the allegedly water stopped ) because of it . 
  it 's all relative . 
  i bet that if disaster happened , i would probably change my mind . 
  just think about california/la area . 
  one of richest us states , a lot of investment and also at risk . 
  i do n't think it 's illegal but in portugal you have to be very careful . 
  drivers do n't stop for you like they do in france , for example . 
  jaywalking it 's such a common thing , tourists have picked it up from the locals in lisbon ( compared to a few years ago , now i notice then doing it more often ) . 
  there 's some stupid unofficial rule that allows you to get more breaks to smoke compared to a non-smoker . 
  there 's also a tendency for friendships with co-workers outside of work ( even if it 's just the occasional beer after work ) and invitations for birthday dinners . 
  since i do n't smoke and never get too close with people i work/study with , i find both dumb . 
  just personal opinion , though . 
  for some years i listened to cro a lot . 
  did n't understand anything but i enjoyed driving whilst listening to it because it was connected with good memories of my summers in germany . 
  regarding this issue , i always think about the guy who did the killings in utoya , murdered all those young kids and probably wanted to be dead and be a martyr to his fellow supporters ( from the far-right ) . 
  i 'd rather see him suffer the consequences of his actions than dead . 
  i `` loved '' the occasional updates we got from his , complaining about his isolation and the playstation 2 he has on his cell . 
  i agree that isolation is awful and might be prejudicial for his mental health but he took the life of dozens of people so in the end , death would be a easier punishment for him . 
  a way out of his misery . 
  he deserves to suffer for a long time . 
  plus , he has n't change his ideologies ( and probably wo n't ) . 
  martim moniz area ? 
  that 's the place where women with hijab are more common . 
  saw a girl working at the mall with one today . 
  the last time i saw someone with a hijab was in march , in the metro . 
  really uncommon , even though i live in lisbon . 
  i second this . 
  there was a wave of vegans/vegetarians after cowspiracy and you can find a meat-free menu in a good number of restaurants . 
  but it 's truly hard . 
  if you 're a vegetarian tourist , you 'll have to rely on the pastries to taste the portuguese gastronomy . 
  some people are just ignorant/dumb . 
  happy birthday buddy !, 
  we just call him `` trump '' , but i have yet to see someone say his name without making fun of him/disgust/frustration / an eye roll . 
  well , they 're not considered dumb but it 's very surprising if they ca n't engage in a simple conversation ( even with gramatical errors ) . 
  we only dub kids movies so any other form of entertainment is delivered in english with subtitles ( which would make you used to listening to it ) . 
  it 's seen as a big plus for the majority of better paying jobs and in university , some schools give more importance to your english capacity than final grade ( for example , my university had english classes with 4 levels ( cefr levels : a1-a2 , b1 , b2 , c1 ) . 
  for master 's admission , they prioritised students with b2 and c1 . 
  my classmates that got into the program with lower levels already dropped out ) . 
  i know some young adults who completely ignore english because they `` do n't like it '' and that bothers me because it 's honeslty about lack of confidence around the language . 
  so spot one !, 
  the only yankees cap i had was bought in 2004 and i only bought it because i found it cool , not being aware of the connection with baseball . 
  during my school years i visited numerous portuguese cities but the only international trip i had was in 8th grade , to paris . 
  it was optional for students in my town who took french instead of spanish . 
  it can happen , but it 's not likely . 
  my people sometimes might engage in conversation when/after helping tourists , specially after you tell them where you come from . 
  right after the election they would do it for sure . 
  now ? 
  probably not . 
  trump is not mentioned on the portuguese media that often so someone who does n't follow politics closely will think that things are fine . 
  i 'm just thinking about the guy helping some french girls with the train tickets , after the euro 2016 final and they joked around about it . 
  harmless fun . 
  yeah , model minority is not an expression here . 
  and maybe , if looking at the `` success '' numbers , you would find ( in proportion ) , a big percentage of african immigrants than asian immigrants as more educated and well integrated . 
  asian immigrants are interesting to look at in portugal . 
  do n't cause trouble , have their stores with cheap products and restaurants , work hard ( same could be said about immigrants of arab countries in here ) . 
  but they do n't integrate much with the portuguese people ( as in being part of a group of friends , seeing them in jobs besides chinese stores and asian restaurants , following through the education system beyond 12th grade . 
  a good number of them drop out to work with family ) . 
  in my life ( born and still a resident in the lisbon area ) i 've known 3 asians ( one of them , adopted ) who were well integrated and only 1 in university . 
  that same asian uni student told me that asians keep to themselves in here because they feel uncomfortable around portuguese people . 
  i only have one half-asian friend ( but his mom is from macau , an ex-colony of portugal ) . 
  so talking specifically about koreans in portugal is hard . 
  we mostly have chinese immigrants . 
  the first koreans i met where in france during my semester abroad and they were so different from each other , i could n't build a general description of them ( but i had a positive experience . 
  they were very fun to hang with ! ), 
  another bad thing about the import of halloween is that i 've had kids in october 31st asking for candy and in november 1st asking for `` p\u00e3o por deus '' ( the original day for portuguese kids to ask for treats ) . 
  the same kids on both days , at my door . 
  fortunately they have n't done it for some years . 
  very complicated and it 's quite common . 
  there 's also some type of hierarchy between the africans in here , which depends from the country ( ex-colony ) of origin and white relative in your ancestry . 
  i only learned about this in uni , when i got to meet more people with african backgrounds . 
  in the end , it 's all just ridiculous . 
  basics : kindergarten . 
  i attended an irish catholic school where they thought us some vocabulary and songs . 
  moderate : i was having a stupid time in my life when i was 12 . 
  thought english was pointless to learn and started having bad grades in my english classes in school . 
  my parents put me in an intensive summer course . 
  `` fluent '' : mostly through books , media and internet browsing . 
  i started getting more comfortable with it around 15/16 years old . 
  i also had c1 level classes at university but only scored an 8 on my ielts ( the written part did n't go well ), 
  i do n't know what to exactly say regarding your comment . 
  having been in spain and italy several times , i never had problems . 
  the first time i encountered racism ( which i would n't be aware of if my friend was n't a local ) was in czech republic , outside of prague . 
  but i 'm black , born in europe and with no traditions besides the ones from the country i was born in and raised in a very non-stereotypical way compared to other black people in my country . 
  my town has a ton of portuguese people who lived in the african colonies and might have a bigger attachment to angola and mozambique than my own parents . 
  but maybe i 've been lucky but i ca n't talk for other people ( muslims , slavs , gypsies , indians , etc. . . ) i 've listened to white friends of mine talk about other minorities and it could go from harmless prejudice to downright disrespect , mostly based on ignorance . 
  but i have yet to see them treat someone badly solely based on race .
