  they notice streaming and setting , and respond appropriately . 
  kids in lowers sets will often stop caring or trying . 
  why bother , they 're already here . 
  so , the grammer/sec-mod divide ends up acting like a giant streaming system , which really hurts the low-set kids . 
  and this is avoiding the pupil subcultures that can form , the effects of putting low skill and high skill kids in the same classes . 
  source : sitting in a sociology lesson , textbook out . 
  beautiful city . 
  stupidly thick walls . 
  to be fair , soldiers have been known to pinch their bomb disposial robots to take them on leave with the rest of them . 
  iirc , ` death to ' for an iranian is basically ` fuck ' . 
  so an iranian taxi driver might say ` death to this traffic ' . 
  he does n't literally want to kill all of them , just luck if he said ` fuck this traffic ' he would n't want to whip his dick out . 
  i must admit , i 'm not familiar with the inner workings of the us justice system . 
  however . 
  a ) other parts of the fbi . 
  such organisations are rarely monoliths . 
  b ) other arms of law enforcement that do n't know/care that they 're arresting the fbi . 
  part of the power of the law is that it provides an alternate source of authority . 
  the man can scream that he 's fbi all he wants , but , well , it 's kidnapping to you . 
  into the paddy wagon he goes . 
  that is something that ca n't happen in a dictatorship btw : because there is no independent law , if he says fbi , then there 's nothing you can do . 
  c ) the existance of an independent law can encourage whistleblowers to exist & come out . 
  if there 's no independent law , then , well , it 's horrible , but there 's nothing you can do to stop it . 
  d ) law enforcement that does know it 's arresting the fbi , whistleblowing having happened etc. 
  this can also include such things as parliamentary/congressional inquiries , which can compel things like the fbi to cooperate . 
  the law . 
  in a dictatorship , the law has no power , essentially . 
  authority stems from the dictator . 
  should they be discovered , nothing happens to them . 
  in a ` non-dictatorship ' , authority is derived from the law . 
  the fbi could do so . 
  but , they would be breaking the law should they be discovered , in accordance with the law , they will be arrested , tried and ( hopefully ) convicted . 
  either from the law instill a fear of retribution or somehow breeding better men , the law protects the common man from the power of the state . 
  if the law fails to do so ( and , very arguably , it does so currently ) then it is not a peremeant state of affairs . 
  the next parliament/government can rectify/change it . 
   i honestly have no idea what is wrong in dictatorship if dictatorship leaves average citizen who does n't give a fuck about politics alone and is capable of creating good economic situation . 
  because in a dictatorship , the only thing ensuring that the average citizen is left alone is ... well . 
  nothing . 
  personal whim at best . 
  this is , of course , disregarding all the citizens who give a fuck . 
  `` first an exploratory committee ... '', 
  such a diaster . 
  so many dead ... 
  oh , we 're not being ignored . 
  we 're all but being called traitors . 
  not with brexit it does n't !, 
  hmph . 
  yes . 
  and it was wrong to conquer bits of the world because someone else would , because it would be profitable . 
  the us did it , russia and the ussr did it , china did it . 
  to the extent that they can , they still do . 
  and yet you mock the first and defend the other two . 
  does a piece of paper acknowledging legitimise the occupation of a country and the onging cultural destruction ? 
  and does the fact that the ussr was an imperialist power * excuse * them ? 
  and china is occupying tibet . 
  and russia held eastern europe in essential bondage as long as they were able . 
  i am now a masochist , apparently . 
  you can judge individuals off statistics . 
  ` they ' and ` xe ' are also used . 
  ... yup . 
  and yet the eu pays attention . 
  ... what , so the money can , in it 's entirety , feed the gaping maw that is london ? 
  well , they met like 2 of the 26 or so . 
  i think that he thinks/knows that he has the backing of the grassroots and the party at large , meaning that the plp vote of no confidence is representative of just that , the plp . 
  typically , i think , the plp is expected to be in step with the party at large . 
  this no longer appears to be the case , meaning that the vote of no confidence does n't bear the ... gravitas , the significance that it would typically have . 
  that 's not true !, 
  it 's also great at starting barbeques !, 
  i 've been seeing ` virtue signalling ' being bandied around a lot these past few days . 
  did the alt-right discover a new stick to beat people with orr . . ? 
  i 'm ... 
  trying not to thinking it too much . 
  which sucks plague-infested * arse * . 
  my dad works for an asset management company ( head of financial complience . ), 
  the uk looses it 's passporting rights , his company will almost certainly fold , given that it was set up by an indonesian group ... to invest in the eu . 
  hell , the whole sector will likely collapse ( take it from my dad , he wrote part of a ` what will the effect of brexit be on the asset management industry ? ', 
  report . ), 
  so either my dad has to move to frankfurt for work ( ca n't retire yet , ) somehow his company sticks it out ( extremely unlikely , given that they 're barely profitable/not yet profitable as is ) or ... 
  i do n't know . 
  he gets a new job ( much like one of his old job ) at one of the regulators re-writing large portions of the uk 's financial regulation , for less money . 
  ... why did my country do this ? 
  although , on another ( repeated ) note , i 'm entirely unsure whether or not the french-offered deal is even legally possible . 
  full single market access includes passporting rights . 
  i 'd do n't think that eea & migration quotas is actually legal within current eu laws ( note : not an eu law professor ) no idea what an associate partner . 
   banks have already started their moves to paris/dublin/amsterdam / frankfurt . 
  well , we 're bleeding , might as well cut ourselves open . 
  well , as for the first two ... 
  if that happens , the financial services industry packs up for frankfurt . 
  how small must your imagination be if you think that the * only * two ways of doing things are for-profit and state-run ? 
  for the nth time , not for profit ! = state controlled/owned . 
  it 's all the difference in the world . 
  though i am picky , especially with food . 
  for-profit ! = state owned . 
  for-profit ! = state owned . 
  them . 
  i despair . 
  i despise the very idea of for-profit press . 
  `` go ask your mom . '', 
  `` but you are my mom ! '', 
  `` other mom ! '',
