  `` we 're leaving . 
  btw , please do what we say . '', 
  i despair . 
  we already are . 
   i personally do n't think europe will punish britain . 
  but a purely pragmatic deal will take away all the shiny the uk got for staying in every time they threatened to leave . 
  exactly . 
  exactly . 
  do n't suppose you know what universities in the eu are good for sociology ? 
  preferably english taught ( hell of lot less incentive for that now ... 
  unless i 'm overststing our importance , perfectly possible ) as i just do n't have the head for learning languages , at least so far . 
  ( italian , french , german . ), 
  eu over the uk , i think . 
  finish college , may uni as well , see how it goes . 
  then out . 
  if this is england , i want no part in it . 
  did you see my flag ? 
  we * are/were * ( given that we 're in a limbo state currently ) a special snowflake . 
  we 're not in the euro . 
  we 're not in schegen . 
  we got our own special clarification on the charter of fundemental rights . 
  we can chose what to opt in or out of legislation for the area of freedom , security and justice . 
  the lisbon treaty provides us with an opt-out for police and criminal justice legisation . 
  no ever close union to us . 
  our own special rebate . 
  and do n't give me this ` more to offer ' bullshit . 
  if that was the case , germany and france would have the same number , if not more , opt-outs . 
  instead , they have none . 
  we 've got the most opt-outs of * any * eu member . 
  we had an opt-out for the social chapter as well until blair got rid of it . 
  you 're right . 
  large chunks of the population apparently do n't like cooperation , solidarity . 
  because all we 've ever tried to do is take , take take . 
  apparently , comprimise did n't work , as for all our special snowflake status within the eu , we still pissed on their heads and told them they had n't done enough to keep us sweet . 
  * we * need to evolve and change , given how much of the leave vote appear to stem from pro-past positions/delusions ( depending on your point of view . ), 
  err ... eu parliament ? 
  ... for one thing , the eu has comprimised with us time and time again . 
  rebate , schengen , euro , opt-outs galore . 
  the common market is considered to require the free movement of goods , services and labour . 
  in that if it does not have all three , then it is not a common market ( and access to the common market is what we 're not angling for . ), 
  ahh . 
  not sure . 
  try migrationwatch . 
  are you complaining that democracy went with the majority because we we did n't get our way ? 
  no reason for it to be messy , complicated or emotional ? 
  the economics alone fulfil the first two criteria , and if it were n't emotional , we never would have had a leave vote in the first place . 
  you have to abide by many of the eu regs as part of a norway deal . 
  and pay in to the eu . 
  just without , you know , any say in the matter . 
  we currently get about 1/2 of our migration from the non-eu , so if you want any significant reduction ... 
  double it , subtract that percentage from the non-eu migration . 
  eg , want a 10 % drop , cut off 20 % of non-eu migration . 
  it 's just not viable in this day and age . 
  well , there 's that at least . 
  ... my dad works for a assest management company in the city ( head of financial complience . ), 
  his company ( finally clawing itself into profitability ) was founded by an indonesian group ... to invest in the eu markets . 
  course , they 've been incompotent little shits ( the indonesians ) so the md ( managing director ) of the company has been trying to sell it ... 
  but who 'd buy a uk assest mangement company now if not to asset strip ? 
  ah well . 
  he used to work for the regulator . 
  maybe he can get a job helping re-write a solid chuck of our financial regulations . 
  ... for you , sure ... 
  fair enough . 
  and you say that because . . ? 
  edit : i am enlightened . 
  how so ? 
  right , thanks . 
  thank you very much of this . 
  how many of them are expected to have a change of reaching the run off ? 
  ... surely by that definition all mps are just elected bureaucrats . 
  i would say so , but i 'm not the sum total of human knowledge . 
  who would you characterise as elected bureaucracy and why ? 
  is ok . is either spelling error ( in which i get to be a pedant ) or you used the wrong word not knowing that it was brakes rather than breaks ( in which i get to correct errors and improve your english ! ), 
  * brakes . 
  a breaks is something you ( should ) get at work . 
  elected bureaucracy ? 
  i 've been enjoying it so far ( even though i skipped one book in the series shortly after starting it . ), 
  the time period and characters are interesting , though if you 're expecting high mystery , do n't , because the fates of most of the characters are already known . 
  i like it , but the characters are somewhat ... unapproachable , simply due to the fact they 're more & less than human . 
  not , i think , for everyone . 
  well , ok . 
  the horus heresy series is written by a number of authors , who have coordinated so the continuity fits . 
  to be honest , the horus heresy is more a. . . enfranchised player 's thing . 
  it uses a bevy of characters previously mentioned in the lore ( the books being set 10,000 years before the ` current era ' of the 40k universe . ), 
  and for the most part , these characters are ... 
  either more than human ( space marines ) or even less human than those ( primarchs . ), 
  it should n't be an introduction to the 40k universe . 
  because a big part of the appeal is * knowing * the important of the period and wondering just what it was like back then . 
  the horus heresy ? 
  as for cain , either amberley vail is already involved , cain gets her involved ( in a purely professional capacity , you understand , ) she involves herself , or it 's pre-597th ( i had to look that up ... ) he 's chasing a skirt , or a skirt has already more or less imposed itself upon him and he 's struggling to get away from it ... 
  asides from basically anything dan abnett has written , the horus heresy series has been excellent ( although i skipped the one book in it so far . ), 
  * reach your hand up miss , if you 'd really like to know ... *, 
  my view being is that polyamory should be normalised/accepted . 
  polygamy as a cultural practice is incredibly iffy . 
  nope . 
  government was going to invoke article 50 with executive powers ( or , to use the proper british terms , the royal perogative . ), 
  it was an anti-brexit group suing the government that got the hight court ( second highest court in the land ) to rule that invoking article 50 needed parliamentary approval . 
  and , of course , the government is , at presently , planning to appeal . 
  so , things left as they were , there would n't be any debate in parliament . 
  nonsense they 're a hive mind .
