  also , the rash of insane whoppers from farage ... 
  in 1950 , the ussr was boycotting the un . 
  yeah . 
  grenades require a seperate explosive liscence . 
   557 of which he had liscences to own . 
  he had more than 557 . 
  and it need never have stopped !, 
  mexico ? 
  did we consult the irish , welsh ? 
  annexation now !, 
  they 're even not catholic !, 
  i 've always thought the united kingdom of great britain , ireland and the netherlands would be the best thing ever . 
  hate speech can also be a popular opinion . 
  fuck me it 's freezing . 
  surely subjective , the ` right/wrong ' way thing ? 
  how so ? 
  barcelona : lets talk . 
  madrid : no . 
  has been the rule of thumb . 
  it 's bp , not rp !, 
  suck it putin !, 
  well duh . 
  westminster negotiated with holyrood , and promises to respect the result of the referendum . 
  madrid has not done the same with barcelona . 
  nailed it ... 
  a book can easilly be formatted to fit to a wider screen , as it 's a text medium . 
  as in , if he 's being silly ` try literally stretching it !, 
  really ! ', 
  or meaning something i have n't quite grasped . 
  ca n't . . tell ... if ... serious ... 
  the problem is that when i zoom i can only see about a third of it . 
  so it fails in it 's vertical format as well . 
  petty thing , but the map is formatted incorrectly for a computer screen . 
  it 's far too tall and not wide enough . 
  better yet for spain to have no eu membership even for mutual splits . 
   catalonia is a completely different kettle of fish not to spain . 
  giving newly independent scotland eu entry sets a dangerous precedent for spain . 
  spain wants the going for newly-independent states to be as tough as possible . 
  i imagine 119k : notice the space between 118 and 956 , but the comma between 956 and 145 . 
  i ended up replying to why in a different comment . 
  why it might ? 
  england is under a benevolent , ceremonial monarchy . 
  as such , i might be prone to projecting that situation onto spain , where the above might not be the case . 
  i assume you mean wikipedia ? 
  fair enough . 
  any sources you can suggest ? 
  if you are correct , then i shall change by view !, 
  and yet he seems to have completely disregarded what he was taught . 
   you mean he had a choice ? 
  you think he wanted to ? 
  you tell me . 
  it seems to be that yes and yes are the answers , but feel free to correct me . 
  ps : catalonia has a nice flag . 
  for bringing spain back into the democratic fold ? 
  ( which may influence my views a bit . ), 
  so let the kipper have . 
  i 'll be all the happier when they fail . 
  it 's a shame . 
  i have huge respect for king juan carlos . 
  * first past the post . 
  * it 's the electoral system of choice in the uk . 
  parliament is made up of members who are elected by constituencies , one mp per constituency . 
  each constituency elections goes like so : * everyone gets one vote . 
  * you use that vote to vote for a candidate . 
  * everyone 's votes are counted up . 
  the candidate with the most votes gets the constituency . 
  notes , the most votes . 
  not 50 % or more . 
  the most votes . 
  this produces a bias towards united ` wing parties ' rather than smaller , more representative parties . 
  * eg : * in the small ( made up ) scottish consistency of the falkyrie isles , there are 100 voters . 
  sixty of them are left-wingers of some description , with an inbred hatred of thatcher for closing their beloved pit . 
  forty of them are right-wingers , normally retired pensioners who moved here to get ` some peace and quiet . ', 
  due to a falling out among party leadership , there are now two left wing parties , the labour party and the recent off-shoot social democratic party . 
  there is one right wing party , the conservatives . 
  election day !, 
  * conservatives : 40 * labour : 30 * social democratic party : 30 conservatives win , even though the 30 sdp voters would much rather labour win and vice versa . 
  that ' one way . 
  here is another : let 's say there are three political parties nationwide , left , right and center . 
  as a percent of the popular vote ( which is irrelevant under fptp , see above ) left/right poll 40 % each , and center 20 % . 
  left polls well in the cities , right in the countryside , and and center has it 's support spread out accross the land . 
  election time , center hardly wins a single seat . 
  why ? 
  because they have no heartland . 
  they have nowhere where support for them exceeds support for any other party , and thus , they win no seats , despite gathering the support of 20 % of the plebs . 
  welcome to politics . 
  welcome to hell . 
  it 's not ` marketing research ' , not really . 
  the problem arises when a fptp system forms a left-of-center ( loc ) party and a right-of-center ( roc ) party . 
  due to them being the only parties on their wings ( due to fptp 's bias against smaller parties , ) they are assured of their radical bases support whatever they do . 
  as such , they move towards the center to attempt to sway the centrists . 
  it 's not really ` market research ', 
  fuck it . 
  if you guys go alone , take me with you ? 
  so far , ( according to wikipedia ) they have 1 mep . 
  so i doubt they 're setting european left party policy . 
  left ! = communism . 
  sorry , i should have amended that to ` classical liberalism . ', 
  and in any case , how is that superficial ? 
  classical liberalism : laissere-faire economics .
