  i kept asking questions because i wanted the parent ( i assumed you to be him , my mistake ) to justify the  it was n't for any project , he was just trolling for someone to victimize him . 
  most of his teachers saw through it but one stupid one fell for it , and it had the desired effect . 
  bit . 
  therefore ? 
  and this is proof that ahmed did that too because . . ? 
  proof . 
  provide it . 
  because not everyone understands that it 's true . 
  or often they forget . 
  who came up with the ` sunrider singh ' ? 
  do n't get me wrong , it 's awesome . 
  well , it may just be the views of , say , french and british leaders at the time . 
  or , you know , economic reasons . 
  never did actually blame germany for them you know . 
  not 70 years since germany united , we had two world wars , each of them with germany at the centre . 
  well , it that case you have reason to trust it . 
  in that case , i rescind my comment for this instance . 
  ah yes . 
  facebook statuses , those paragons of truthiness !, 
  ( note truthiness , not truthfullness . ), 
  ... where ? 
  must be all of that empty housing they have lying around from pre-crash . 
  two things !, 
   scot  livestock &  prostitute  village girl what 's the difference ? 
  that such a bad thing ? 
  historical determinism . 
  shows you how desperate she was . 
  gordon brown ?? 
  well , one of the reaons why snowden whistleblowed , iirc , is because there were no effective reprisal systems in place . 
  and would there be ? 
  they 're in no way accountable . 
  yes , and ? 
  something being easy does make it right . 
  you appear to have forgotten that the surveillance is carried out by people . 
  got any naked pics ? 
  maybe yours , or you so 's ? 
  [ want them passed around the office ? 
  ] ( http://www.businessinsider.com/edward-snowden-guardian-interview-on-naked-photos-2014-7?ir=t ) you 're not ` just a number . ', 
  i imagine they find suspects however they were finding suspects before mass surveillance . 
  mass surveillance did n't stop the boston marathon bombings after all . 
  did n't catch the benghazi attack ( despite what the repubs in the usa waffle on about . ), 
  has n't stopped any number of school shootings . 
  mass surveillance has n't worked . 
   i do n't want a police state , but i do n't really care about most mass surveillance programs . 
  alright then . 
  just give me unrestricted , ongoing access to your computers , tablets and phones . 
  nothing to hide , hey ? 
  and while you 're at it , be sure to tell when and where you 're calling people , and for how long . 
  and this is proof that it does ? 
  ( mass surveillance , btw , is what reddit is bitching about . 
  not surveillance of people they actually suspect . ), 
  you overestimate the number of people with three or more neurons . 
  `` hold on , let me roll on the table ... '' * clatter-clatter * ok , random creditor table ... * clatter-clatter * `` you are no longer able to pay back the money you owe to ... 
  the russian mafia ? 
  this was n't designed for countries . 
  we 'll call it russia . '', 
  `` do n't suppose you have any russian-friendly sepratists ? '', 
  `` make a solvency check . '', 
  tell me , then , about the united states of nato . 
  poor bastards , one and all . 
  is that just mechanicism though ? 
  people make choices i do n't agree with !, 
  shame !, 
  your point ? 
  i do n't see ` unarmed ' in that list . 
  evidently , you 're not actually interested in doing so . 
  nice of you to relieve me of my ignorance . 
  in the sense that those who benefit from a system typically wish to maintain that system , in order to secure their position , yes . 
  i guess i 'm thinking of a more general ` establishment ' as opposed to ` party establishment ' . 
  trump is a walkimg special interest . 
  he 's anti middle-man , not anti-establishment . 
  ... yeah ... 
  fair enough . 
  other people may put further stock in their wish for nation-statehood . 
  i , personally , do n't think that makes them selfish . 
  it 's a question of identity . 
  you can identify as catalonian and european , whilst being , legally , spanish and european . 
  it 's not ` them being selfish ' , unless you consider ` wanting what everyone else has ' ( nation-state ) to be selfish . 
  well , with scotland/catalonia , they do n't want ` independence from eu ' , they want ` independence from spain ' . 
  it 's a distinction . 
  and plus , they may not be using a ` help help , i 'm being oppressed ' argument , but a more conceptual ` we are a nation , we want our nation-state ' argument . 
  hey , i want in !, 
  i 'm just wondering about places like catalonia . 
  or if the north of italy does vote itself out of italy ( basically kicking the south out ) for example . 
  do they get to be eu members ? 
  why ? 
  is n't it the european union ? 
  scotland ? 
  well , here 's the thing . 
  it 's very , very difficult to move up from sec-mod to grammer , because the grammer schools were always oversubscribed , and therfore by implication always full . 
  because of that ( and their prestige , ) parents are very , very reluctant to give up places there . 
  and , because they 're very oversubscribed , there wo n't be much downward movement , as the people that might have moved down likely never got there in the first place . 
  so , basically , upward mobility requires downward mobility , downward mobility very minimal . 
  because grammer schools , intake , selected by exams , creates a ` failure state ' in the form of the local secondary modern . 
  for the more educationally invested middle classes , their children going to the sec-mod is a social stigma , a failure as a family or a parent . 
  for the less educationally invested working classes , getting sent to the sec mod is a justification for giving up . 
  it 's the sec mod , what can you do ? 
  when the sec-mod is seen as a failure state , it 's * ` kleinegeist ' * ( ` little spirit ' , a riff of zeitgeist that i jammed together ) is effected . 
  why would teachers care , when all these kids failed already ? 
  kids are n't dumb .
