  hmm ... 
  thanks . 
  i 'm british , but since i spend so much time ... here my ` libertarian ' definition is tuned towards ` free market good/regulation bad no-i 'm - not-selfish ! ', 
  i 've never seen a proper definition of liberal . 
  it seems to be one of those words that 's used by everyone and anyone . 
  to offset the russian fury of raised gas prices . 
  hold up . 
  quote and sentiment . 
  oh piss off . 
  yes . 
  you have been banned from / r/pyongyang, 
  what 's the alternative ? 
  luckily , the government ca n't control select committees . 
  your point being ? 
   because ... logic you used naught but a straw ( wo ) man . 
  jottacloud !, 
  technically , yes . 
  technically . 
  it 's the internet , it 's hard to tell . 
  * facepalm . 
  * i am fully aware that the kingdom of the netherlands is fare more than holland . 
  i was merely lightly trolling ( as is , on occasion , my wont to do . ), 
  what / u/dimetrans is talking about is actually a liberal democracy . 
  damn hollanders ... 
  the word ` nazi ' is a contracted form of ` national socialist ' . 
  hmm . 
  advantages to being in the eu , then ? 
  i recall from andrew marr 's history of modern britain that efta members saw less of a benefit that eec members . 
  is this replicated today ? 
  consisting of switzerland , norway and lichtenstein . 
  iceland , for the moment , but they 're moving towards eu membership if i recall correctly . 
  tell that to my school ict department ... 
  it may be to do with the encryption they use ? 
  i was talking about jottacloud . 
  sorry for the confusion . 
  one thing that really bugs me about it , though : no uploading using the website . 
  nice ... 
  again , i imagine it 's an offer they introduced for new users after i joined up . 
  i imagine it 's an offer they introduced for new users after i joined up . 
  i should have migrated later !, 
  jottacloud ( http://www.jottacloud.com/ ) is norwegian , so not even eu . 
  7gb of free storage . 
  edit : 10gb of free storage ( for new users only ... ), 
  i 'm in . 
  i think something in the uk stole that idea . 
  pretty please ? 
  we need something in the power structure that is sucking america 's dick . 
  telling the truth does not equal saving the world . 
  do they deem themselves the saviours of earth ? 
  united kingdom ? 
  indeed . 
   wind parks and overhead power transmission lines and such . 
   i must have missed those . 
  they would have improved my image of the city considerably . 
  i never thought concrete and appealing would feature in the same sentence unironically . 
  really ? 
  for me it was concrete , concrete , cement . 
  parliament , palace . 
  edit : the spelling of parliament eluded me . 
  not so much if your were in the indian textiles industry ... 
  ** london : ** the british empire of course !, 
  ( although that 's not really a gift as such ... 
  but it 's certainly famous ! ), 
  veey nice . 
  now , if it could not be nyc ... 
  it kicked of a chain of events that started wwi1, 
  oh , god , you added a bibliography . 
  yea . 
  now you understand taxes !, 
  only if you 're a banker . 
  i think it 's the entire ' i have done everything worthwhile here ' attitude . 
  to be fair , they deserted so that they could fight against the nazis ... 
  we want attention !, 
  well , the question remains of a ` hoax bomb ' is actually a valid charge , and not the local pd bullshitting . 
  his dad is an activist , as has been mentioned . 
  do n't think that it was planned really , but i bet his dad was willing and able to improvise the social-media campaign . 
  he saw a lawyer ... 
  the day after being arrested , quite possibly illegally ? 
  depends on the publication ? 
  i mean , fox news would n't be pressing the ` innocent muslim ' angle . 
  i can see it . 
  i think the media * rarely * makes stuff up . 
  it just takes what it 's given and runs it through a mincer so they can get what they want out of it . 
   ca n't he just talk to people honestly ? 
  with today 's media ? 
  nope , nope , and nope . 
  you can talk honestly because there is no guarantee , at all , that the media will treat you , or what you said , honestly . 
  ... because he became the internet 's / nation 's sensational issue for the day ? 
  if i were in his position i 'd certainly want some pr help . 
  hmm . 
  can i get a link to those sister allegations ? 
  that does n't sound like a dawkins thing ( imo ofc . ), 
  got a link ? 
  huh . 
  so we actually agree !, 
  related matter : not entirely sure he should have been offered the space camp thing ( if it was a garunteed place . ), 
  breaking entrance rules for a political point ... not sure if it 's ok . 
  if he can hack it though , go him . 
  i never thought that he invented a thing . 
  ffs it 's a clock .
