  i guess we should ignore the past 5 years where women have been complaining about this shit at other german events . 
  october fest alone : [ 2014 a man was raped ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/germany/11127814/british-man-raped-at-germanys-oktoberfest.html ) [ 2012 `` a safe oktoberfest for girls and women '' was founded to deal with sexual assault ] ( http://abcnews.go.com/international/initiative-aims-young-women-safe-oktoberfest/story?id=14223078 ) before we jump on me about `` only 15-20 rapes are reported annually '' a : fuck off that 's still despicable . 
  b : [ experts agree the number is probably closer to 300 . 
  ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/germany/wristbands-against-assault-new-initiative-aims-to-keep-young-women-safe-at-oktoberfest-a-778148.html ) please tell me more about how it 's only those damn migrants that are assaulting women . 
  sure this one was terrible too , but it 's not like germany has n't been dealing with sexual assault from the ethnic germans as well . 
  the article sourced comments from the 1600 's to prove their point but did n't source a damn thing from 2015 to support his point . 
  smh . 
  nedit : by that i mean point to the articles , not just say someone said it . 
  i get it in fuck-off-why-am-i-hear missouri a lot . 
  you ever driven a back-road for an hour and a half into the hills ? 
  i get roaming when that happens , if i even get a signal . 
  att is the only company that has decent penetration there . 
  man that price is amazing . 
  i spend about $ 50 on my plan and it 's considered cheap state-side . 
  still , my roaming charges are about 0.07 usd a minute most for phone calls . 
  side note , does your gps work well in europe ? 
  my us phone does about as well as sat-nav in the eu but it is does not feel as accurate as my gps does in the states . 
  you guys get hosed on traveling costs . 
  i have a us plan and while in europe i get free data and messaging as per my plan . 
  meaning when i go to the eu i have 2 gb of data i can burn through over the month and it 's applicable in all western europe countries . 
  phone calls are expensive , but i can just grab a voip number and am good . 
  standard phone calls do cost a similar amount . 
  i have to fully disagree then . 
  some cities have dedicated lanes , one-way streets , street-cars round-abouts , etc. 
  all roads in usa have weight restrictions , you just do n't see most of them because the weight restrictions do n't usually kick in until you are driving commercial vehicles intentionally . 
  the us even have dual use lanes , as in different times of day the lanes go different directions , something i have not seen in europe . 
  basically , everything you mentioned except dual function round-a-bouts i 've operated with in the us . 
  i will admit amsterdam 's usage of taxi/bus lanes and standard automobile lanes was new to me , but that was due to the barrier between them . 
  the concept itself is something i deal with where i currently reside . 
  and yes , your lanes are more narrow and the uk has the ridiculous 18 round-a-bout . 
  roads are not as different as you are pretending , in fact i 've seen more one-way streets in some us cities than i have in europe . 
  the only real difference is that eu roads are more narrow . 
   a lot of the older parts of town * inner cities * where not designed whit cars in mind but for walking / horses . 
  yeah , and you have non-motorized walking areas unlike most of the us . 
  do you not know how the us traffic laws work ? 
  where in the us have your driven ? 
  would you define complex ? 
  i already asked , and you failed to answer . 
  i 've driven in a few cities in europe , and i have no idea what your definition is . 
  i admit to not having driven through paris , but brussels was hard because of other drivers not the layout . 
  i 've been in us cities with layouts just as rough as the eu cities i 've been too . 
  i 'm not discussing the highways between metropolitan areas , that 's way different for sure . 
  but the actual cities can be much more similar than you are expecting . 
  downtown dortmund and nantes are surprisingly similar to places like kc and denver . 
  have you actually been on us roads ? 
  it does not seem like it . 
  i do n't think your roads are more complex or `` organized '' . 
  tighter , yes . 
  what makes you think the roads are more complex or `` organized '' ? 
  and can you define organized and complex for roads ? 
  as for climate , the roads in the pnw most closely mirror the conditions you are talking about and that is not where roads in the us suck . 
  they suck in places like nyc and stl . 
  where i currently reside we have roads deteriorate over roughly a year , some of that is due to cheap patches , but enough is due to the conditions the road survives in . 
  my source on road conditions is an engineer that works for the department of transit in my state . 
  wow , that is nothing like my experience . 
  for me it was show up at 15 take the written for my permit . 
  then i had to drive with a legal guardian until i was 16 , no time limit on how many hours were needed and no logging it . 
  at 16 i got to decide to take a driving test with a state trooper who pass/failed me . 
  finally i had to buy insurance ( ~ 100 a month for my car ) . 
  the course was optional and a request from my insurance , no way was it mandatory . 
   all in all our infrastructure is more professional and strict than the us and requires more professional drivers to make safe use of it . 
  can you source that ? 
  are you discussing road quality ? 
  if so , you should know a big reason the us has worse roads is climate , many cities in the us can see a temperature swing in one day equal to what some cities in the uk see over a year ( 25c swing in one day has happened this year a few places . ), 
  that large of a swing along with water in the concrete will cause structural issues which increase potholes . 
  that shows that the authorities did n't want to call them by their racial make-up , not that they let it happen because the ones in charge were asian . 
   because the majority of perpetrators were asian or of pakistani heritage , several council staff described themselves as being nervous about identifying the ethnic origins of perpetrators for fear of being thought racist ; others , the report noted , `` remembered clear direction from their managers '' not to make such identification . 
  the last sentence really drove it home , the authorities did n't care because they were minorities . 
  they let it go on because the victims were n't the right race . 
   the report noted that the police showed lack of respect for the victims , who were deemed `` undesirables '' i still do n't see where i am wrong . 
  it 's terrible , but it was n't allowed to happen because people were scared of racism , racism made it so the people did n't do their jobs as well which allowed it to happen . 
  this is the argument that shows up in belgium right now as well . 
  letting a group into a city does n't include them , it just lets them live there . 
  countries have to stop treating foreigners as others work on integration . 
  ghettos keep people separate and separation does not foster community . 
   one home office researcher , attempting to raise concerns with senior police officers in 2002 about the level of abuse , was told not to do so again , and was subsequently suspended and sidelined that 's all there is , and they told her it was because of how she referred to them , not that it was allowed to happen . 
  sure it 's crazy that she gets in trouble for calling them asian , but that does ** not ** mean the authorities let them do it because they were . 
  people sucked at their jobs , but even critical pieces show that authorities here wanted to refer to them in ways separate from their ethic background . 
  but that you for the source . 
  it was nice to read . 
  in the article i did n't read anything to say the authorities were afraid of seeming racist , just your hear say . 
  i 've seen no clear indication that authorities in europe are racist in either direction as well . 
  so instead of throwing out conjecture that sounds like right-wing propaganda , i decided to temper my immediate response and instead of saying `` this is terrible and racism ! '', 
  i 've stuck to just `` this is terrible . '', 
  why is it so hard to believe that i do n't think racism was clearly the biggest issue here , let alone an issue ? 
  incompetent authorities yes , but that does n't mean racism was the motivator in people failing at their jobs . 
  can you source something that says authorities are n't doing their jobs due to racism as you seem to be claiming ? 
  i would like a source that is n't the ridiculous fox news ( like the entire `` paris neighborhoods thing ) as well , something with sources and data . 
  this is all i 've ever asked for when i said racism was n't part of it . 
  no-one has done anything except that i 'm an idiot for , i imagine , asking for sources . 
  i responded to a comment that this was allowed because the people in charge were not white with facts showing that even when the people related to the facts are white the cops do less than they should . 
  you are looking for something that is n't here . 
  what ? 
  i refuted the statement that the police allowed this to happen just because the people in charge where non-white . 
  i 'm a rape appologist because i think this was bad , but not because i think race was the problem here ? 
  get the fuck out . 
  [ for you ] ( http://energy.gov/sites/prod/files/styles/borealis_default_hero_respondlarge/public/door_5481543.jpg?itok=joanz-zx ), 
  i can tell you there is clear bias towards white victims in the western world , but nothing i have read shows a bias * against * arresting non-whites in favor of not appearing racist . 
  in the us non-whites are actually arrested at a higher percentage for the same crimes . 
  it 's not like there are any long standing child abuse issues occurring in the u.k.
