  that right there is clear proof the system started off unequally before we get into the genocides that drove certain countries economic progress . 
   no one here is blind to it . 
  what have you been reading ? 
  my entire thesis is that the person i responded too is simply blind to how bad capitalism is because of their hatred of communism . 
  and no !, 
  communism has n't been dangerous at best , it took russia from an agrarian culture to space in one lifetime and it beat the largest scientific country to space at the same time . 
  you need to remember just how far behind russia was in 1905 , it was n't even close to modern economies at the time and now it 's considered a modern economy 110 years later . 
  that 's a stupid level of advancement no matter how you cut it , it 's even more impressive when you look at how the knowledge bases in the world were effectively at war with it for most of it 's life . 
  it 's hardly perfect , but you are downplaying just how much communism updated the country in such a short amount of time . 
  you are n't taking all of the risks . 
  everyone working for you is taking a risk as well ; the risk you are going to treat them well , the company wont close and they will be without a job , the moral risks involved in companies . 
  if i work at a company and make the company $ 1 but the company pays me 50 cents , the company is taking 50 cents from me by virtue that it exists . 
  if that is n't theft , what is ? 
  at least when governments tax you you have representation in the government . 
  why is it crazy to ask for a similar level of representation at a company where you are working ? 
  that 's all this is about , anyone who works at the company gets a say and you have walked into basic socialism . 
  the idea here that if you do n't have anything to do with a company you do n't get to profit from it , either work there and earn a paycheck or do n't . 
  honestly , how is making money off of people working while someone else is not considered anything but a form of welfare to anti-socialists ? 
   there 's nothing unfair about profiting from one 's ideas , innovation or pragamticism . 
  what ? 
  the entire basis of patents was that society benefits when works are in the public domain and this is backed up scientifically . 
  the idea is that people invent and should be able to make enough off a work to live comfortably for a bit but society benefits most when these things are in a public domain . 
  [ uk think tank on it . 
  ] ( http://rufuspollock.org/papers/value_of_public_domain.ippr.pdf ), 
  everyone here is peddling muddled views and i guess i should be smart enough to correct everyone individually but , well you know relevant xkcd and all . 
  everything you said has nothing to do with socialism or capitalism . 
  the us rebounded so well because of it 's size . 
  to this day the us 's economic size is what keeps parts of the us so rich . 
  roughly half the us states take more than they pay in taxes and they are still relatively poor , that is why the entirety of the us floats , they are able to push around risk better and yet still have huge issues . 
  it 's a bit like the euro-zone is now , greece did n't fully collapse when their economy did because germany was able to pick up the risk . 
  you forget ( or it was n't taught , i do n't know your education system ) that the us had many of the same problems that germany and communist poland did at different times . 
  people literally starved in us streets and were locked up for being political prisoners , minorities , or simply poor and all of this was less than 100 years ago . 
  the socialism you hated is also what allowed the us to advance like it did after ww2 . 
  the hoover dam was a huge electrical spending project that made western usa something people could settle , before it it was sparsely populated . 
  the tva is what allowed parts of south usa to update it 's infrastructure supplying people with electricity and updated roads . 
  as i said , your view is skewed . 
  everything you hate happened in the us in a different way except inflation . 
  the us had `` stagflation '' which is where the us economy was in such trouble it was cheaper to buy a bunch of shit on credit cards instead of cash because the us dollar was n't carrying it 's weight , look it up if you think modern countries ca n't have the problems you are talking about . 
  what 's your narrative for the us breadlines then ? 
  or when people literally starved in us streets ? 
  or were locked up because they could n't pay debtors ? 
  or people having their houses , which were fully owned by them , repossessed and forced to live on the streets ? 
  capitalism gets a shit ton wrong too . 
  being blind to it does n't help anyone . 
  i 'm just asking for intellectual honesty . 
  they are just as relevant to capitalism as communism , he said he does n't like communism because of bread lines and inflation , both of which happened under capitalism as well . 
  i 'm only asking him to be intellectually honest here . 
  this being reddit most people are n't , but i can still ask . 
   makes my blood boil and it 's why i am a capitalist , through and through . 
  you realize that with capitalism germany ended up in a position where it was cheaper to burn money than buy fuel , deutsch marks were worth 4 trillion to the usd . 
  martial law is not unique to bloc countries nor are bread lines . 
  please do n't pretend one is great only because the other sucked . 
  it 's a false dichotomy , with your logic my grandparents would hate capitalism simply because they dealt with the same problems in a capitalist country . 
  that has nothing to do with what you said . 
  i said we ca n't write off political ideologies just because they diametrically oppose a different viewpoint . 
  i am saying any discussion of political actions and beliefs need to be refuted by the points , not because there is a diametrically opposed option that is terrible . 
  i guess the people near me did n't get that message . 
  there are about as many around me as i remember when i was in the states . 
   i never argued that , but you ca n't accept one , and dismiss the other . 
  why ? 
  one is literally in favor of progress and the other is literally in favor of moving back towards an older style of government . 
  you are propping up a false equivalence . 
  one should not be anti-democracy simply because an anti-monarchy party exists yet that is what you are directly suggesting . 
   why is socialism better than capitalism ? 
  or is everything social related and not economics included ? 
  the idea is that once the economies have been set up you no longer need to exploit people to such a heavy extent that capitalism encourages . 
  you need to understand that markets can be fully realized inside socialism , absentee ownership can not . 
  this means that if you own a business you have to do work at the business to have any income and the workers themselves get to decide how the business operates . 
  maybe when the us claims the me as a new state ? 
  it 's so komisch for me . 
  germans keep complaining about how expensive their phone services and internet is but coming from google fiber land in the us the prices are still all so cheap for me . 
  i spend 30 euros a month for 50.000 kbit down . 
  i spent about 80 a month for twice my speeds in the us . 
  do n't even get me started on how much i love the price of aldi-talk . 
  if you can drive and spend 5 euros in gas and have to find parking spots , or you can take public transit and spend nothing it 's a different equation people balance compared to 5 euros for transit * or * 5 euros for gas . 
  he has an absurdly correct view . 
  compare the usa and its nationalism to eu counties and there is a stark overall difference . 
  do you really think saying the pledge of allegiance everyday in school is not really nationalistic ? 
  or saying the us is the best at everything `` that matters '' ( not soccer ) , or having the world series with only 2 countries ? 
  or the talk about how the us needs to be the world 's police ? 
  these are the easy things to point out , go talk to people and it gets even more clear . 
  they are `` pay to play '' still . 
  europe has a habit of letting you go to school for cheap and pay back later ( via taxes etc ) while the us makes students pay all up front . 
  [ the us absolutely has vocational colleges ( you start around 18 ) , we call them trade schools . 
  ] ( http://www.trade-schools.net/programs.asp ), 
  i fully agree with you and this is why i did n't want tpp to go through . 
  in many ways i think the most strict regulation is what trade deals should use as their base metric but the other side of that problem is things like the internet or ip law . 
  imagine if every country had to use frances ip laws , google would have to drop half their product line in na and eu . 
  blagh , i fucking hate how complicated some things need to be . 
   obama lost the popular vote to hillary in the '08 ** primaries ** . 
  he `` won the election '' by losing popular vote . 
  come on , these comparisons get easier as you try to jump through hoops to make them seem more different . 
  hitler also lost the popular vote , what 's your point ? 
  edit : i 'm not sure why i need to point it out , but primaries are not the actual election . 
  primaries are akin to the uk 's party leader election . 
  not every uk party puts their leaders up to popular vote and the democratic/republican parties works the same way . 
  the official vote however is different , for starters the people allowed to vote are very different . 
  could you at least do your homework before you start trying to cast these stones ? 
   us has a lower murder and crime rate than a few european countries . 
  which ones ?
