  in reality i said `` she is as good as every other candidate i expect to see in the us , so calling her anything other than ordinary in us politics is delusional '' . 
  seriously , not a supporter of her i just do n't hate her specifically while ignoring the rest of the politicians . 
  she comes across as corrupt compared to who ? 
  george bush or dick cheney ? 
  most members of the us congress ? 
  seriously , i 'm tired of hearing that she is corrupt when she seems just as bad as the other choices we 've dealt with for 15 years . 
  the problem lies with the `` democracy '' in the us . 
  there are fixes , but the biggest reason we do n't fix anything in the us seems to be the `` tradition '' that we must be the best because we said so . 
  basically , do n't call her corrupt . 
  she is n't any worse than the politicians who take money and push corporate laws , which is most of them . 
  if anything she is `` par for the course '' . 
  edit : not sure why i need to say this ; but i do n't support hillary . 
  she is only as good as every other us politicians . 
  reddit is really bad at understanding irony . 
  it 's a shame , but reading comprehension seems to be about grade 7 in popular subs . 
  yes , except as i understand it we do n't really use them and instead use arbitration . 
  it depends on where you are but the crux of the issues are food perpetration and safety , ip laws , and general trade . 
  europe has much more strict food laws , for example cultural food which is not protected in usa the same way . 
  another example is that you can not use wooden boards while making cheese in parts of the us . 
  if these laws are reflected to europe most of your cheese makers would be breaking the law . 
  ip laws are ugly as well , and i wont get into it too deeply but on the surface the usa has harsher punishment but the eu has harsher laws about protection . 
  as i said , i just touched the surface but i hope that gives you a little insight . 
   so say you sue and then the court just says `` yup ... that 's the law '' . 
  it 's not their job to determine if a law is fair . 
  this is a big deal , but i do n't think ttip is how we should handle it . 
  i am personally in favor of an international court similar to how the us supreme court is set up except between the eu and nafta ( if uk ` brexit 's ' then i would suggest they replace the eu where issues of uk are involved . ), 
  create a system where the country being sued directly is not allowed a judge and the 5 judges are made up randomly from the remaining countries who signed ( uk gets the short here , but it would be there fault so i 'm not fixing this system until i have to ) with at least 2 from each group . 
  when a law is passed that someone sues over , the judicial panel sees over it . 
  the judges are elected by the executive branch of each country every 2 years . 
  the court would hear the countries defense that the law does n't violate the trade agreement and the oppositions position that it does . 
  now we have countries being held accountable for the decisions and not a faceless court . 
  if the spanish do n't like how spain votes on an issue the government does n't get to hide behind a faceless court , they have to address it clearly . 
  even sovereignty would be better than giving it to a faceless court . 
  welcome to the world . 
  the in the us people do n't discuss the heavily difference in our cultures , they are all just americans . 
  if you think someone in rural mississippi is culturally close to someone from boston or colorado or la then you are making the same mistake you are upset at germany for . 
  innately i believe educated people all have an understanding that countries are not a monolith but we treat them as one for many reasons , most of the reasons being how much easier it is . 
  unless you can tell the difference between the cultural ethnicities in somalia or congo , you need to calm it down and realize why turkey gets treated as one group . 
  we have very different thoughts on what advertising religion is i guess . 
  that 's a bad argument . 
  i do n't think we should enslave other people , but slavers do n't agree with me , that does n't mean we should enslave people now . 
  why would the rooms that already exist not be reasonable ? 
  the students can sit next to their seats between classes and pray . 
  now we 've come to a solution to let kids pray at school , not used any state money on it , and we have n't interrupted anyone else 's day . 
  that is n't deporting the refugees . 
  i would need information on the us removing the 10,747 haitians afterwards to prove my point . 
  damn , learn something new . 
  germany bucking the trend on that one . 
  i did n't realize they refused to renew bosnian immigrant 's settlement permits in order to force them to leave , even if they had children . 
  was it only germany that really did that now ? 
  every other country i tried to find info on expelling their migrants keeps pushing me to read about germany doing it . 
  i bet part of that is google poisoning my results since i have done lots of germany googling recently . 
   but by 2017 , if the syrian war is over , they are to be returned right ? 
  there is no longer a threat in the country , so they no longer need protection , right ? 
  refugees are rarely returned home . 
  look at the us if you do n't believe me , we have n't sent refugees home ever even when you include conflicts as recent as the bosnian civil war where to this day some bosnian soccer players grew up in the usa and their families are still there . 
  countries do not push out refugees when conflicts end from any example i can find , can you find a counter example ? 
  germany does n't grant reunification to anyone loosely related to like your grandparents or cousins . 
  we are pretty close to a schengen zone with the usa alone . 
  look at land area and you will see how close the sizes are . 
  then we should back up a little bit in history and remember we used to have visa-free travel with canada for a long time which is what the schengen is to the average person . 
   outsiders can not fix it -- though their actions could help make things a bit better , or a lot worse . 
  the criticism i 've seen falls in line with this sentence from the article . 
  i do n't know anyone that thinks the me would be shangrala without the west , instead we say that the wests interference has exacerbated things and actively caused additional chaos and destabilization . 
  the iraq war is a great example , but let 's not forget reagan and his secret war , or any of the other things the west has done to inject more problems in one way or another . 
  i 'm pretty sure the eu treats it as a chemical weapon and eu countries do n't like committing war-crimes on their citizens . 
  they leave that to the good old usa . 
  [ incase you do n't believe using tear gas counts as a war-crime . 
  ] ( http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2014/aug/26/facebook-posts/tear-gas-was-banned-warfare-1993-police-1997/ ), 
  where does that line of thinking change btw ? 
  do you think the french revolution should have been without any blood shed ? 
  i 'm not taking a side here , i want to know where your personal position goes from `` it 's still a person regardless of what they are doing '' to `` they are the tools of [ something ] that is taking advantage of us '' . 
  do you just think it 's never ok to kill someone for exploiting , even if you are working at near slave labor in destitute conditions like the us robber-barons did ? 
  is it only ok to kill those using force against you , like the pinkerton security did ? 
  or do you think it 's never ok and you have to try and talk it out ? 
  i do n't really know for sure , i do n't live in texas . 
  i can tell you that a lot of high profile texans have held the position that texas should leave the union , people akin to david cameron saying these things i mean . 
  not that everyone in texas wants to leave . 
   no referendum is going to put this issue to bed , acceptance might over time , if it operates anything like the us , there will always be people who think leaving the larger body is a better idea than taking the good with the bad ( see the texas statements about them seceding from the union . ), 
  we are getting more sensitized though . 
  death on the global level has gone down , but we care more now . 
  i think they are talking about how the eu countries owe the us money for not spending enough , not that the eu countries are not spending enough . 
  that does n't change the fact that the countries that make up the eu existed and were the countries being discussed . 
  do you mean 20th ? 
  if so , why not ? 
  the eu has been around since the 1950 's , just ask belgium . 
  so we are going to ignore the bosnian communities that a few us cities grew and still have ? 
  or are you going to argue that the yugoslavian wars are n't what i was talking about clearly because the same time-frame and the neighboring country clearly should be ignored when discussing refugees ? 
  edit : or the irish population that came to the us because the eu countries were unable to house them during their famine ? 
  the us has a long history of not only killing some people , but housing others that europe did n't . 
  the difference is the us has n't deported most of them afterwards , while the eu generally has . 
  it 's not bad , it 's about how both have treated the situations differently and some are trying to discuss the others actions based on what a different country did . 
  germany has a history of deporting refugees after the conflict has ended , the us however does not generally deport refugees from what i can find . 
  specifically i would note the return of the kosovo refugees and how the eu and us have handled it differently . 
  so really it seems people are noticing how the us handles the situation and are projecting the us 's execution onto the eu . 
  the checks do n't reflect his political position , they reflect the government . 
  i 'm asserting politically trump is a fascist , not that the us is . 
  how is it * quasi * - fascist ? 
  aside from the killing jew things which was really more hitler than fascism , since i do n't remember italy ever considering that , it seems like trump at least ticks the boxes for fascism . 
  hell his party ( republican ) has been attacking union 's for years and is responsible for almost every curtailment in union power since reagan which is the group fascists go for .
