  germany on the whole is about 8x lower in murders than the richest area of the last us city i lived in . 
  i think safety . 
  i mean it 's not like germany has ever had issues with germans killing other germans in terror attacks . 
  / s since i doubt most people are going to get it . 
  i think automation will bring it 's own jobs and people will need to train for them . 
  are you suggesting east asian people are somehow better suited for this or that you would only like east asian people instead of s-west asian ? 
  hey , you are the one who said :  what the hell would be benefits for our society of bringing in an additional 1 million migrants , for example ? 
  that 's literally all you said that i could respond to . 
  adding a younger workforce for a population that will soon be aging out of the workforce will definitely help . 
  or do you think europe will begin to lose jobs near the rate we are losing workers and do n't need any replacement ? 
   nationalism is now dirty [ `` nationalism '' ] ( http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/nationalism ) has been dirty since ww2 , i am sorry it took you so long to get the memo . 
  note the top definition , `` a feeling that people have of being loyal to and proud of their country often with the belief that it is better and more important than other countries '' . 
  it 's the feeling that has caused so many of the atrocities people do n't even want to talk about and that is why it 's dirty . 
  germany 's nationalist policies were a big driver of ww2 before we get to armenia and bosnia . 
  the other two deaths were police officers who were in a helicopter accident . 
  they are counted in the number , i guess because they were working because the protest needed extra manpower . 
  they were not actually at the protest though . 
  i did n't realize germany was such a strict place to be . 
  strange how without freedom of speech ' by your own standard , they have a higher ranking on freedom of press [ ( germany 16 - usa 43 ) ] ( https://rsf.org/en/ranking ) . 
  consider what happened yesterday in the us and yeah , you can be confident there 's a chance he is an actual nazi . 
  remember , they had a protest and march that ended in someone protesting the nazi 's dead in the states yesterday . 
  the very least you can say is that when your country has a very real concern that it 's falling to fascist politics and literal nazi rallies ending with the nazi 's killing someone , you do n't go to a country that does n't really like that stuff and show off how much people should hate you . 
  art on the base of the supports , clearly not in the us . 
  i believe the us currently operates this way as well . 
  not all us states have the same credit rating , but the us has a separate system as well with a unified currency . 
   the threat to force euro clearing from london feels like it is sensible and being done from a position of strength , but if implemented would effectively mean the implementation of currency controls and signal to the world that the euro is a closed , local currency not really . 
  if the eu let 's anyone with a trade agreement clear then it 's fine , the uk rejecting the eu and not having a trade plan in place only signals that countries ca n't clear the euro without any form of eu cooperation . 
  not a crazy thing really , in fact it would n't really change the status quo except to move the clearing house to a different country , one which has an agreement with the eu . 
  i love that people who are considered `` out of touch '' are the people who are generally required to interact more with the other pieces of society . 
  billionaires are n't out of touch , they are smart , savy , and know what 's best for the country . 
  those professors who deal with people from hundreds of different backgrounds every week are the real people who do n't understand what the world is like !, 
  do you really not see how free military movement for most nato members ( hint , they are eu countries ) to other nato members is related to nato ? 
  you 're simply wrong . 
  i 'm going to post direct quotes from the wiki [ on it ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/information_technology ) , let 's remember you already rejected fortune magainze 's definition of it companies . 
  the term is commonly used as a synonym for computers and computer networks , but it also encompasses other information distribution technologies such as television and telephones . 
  several industries are associated with information technology , including computer hardware , software , electronics , semiconductors , internet , telecom equipment , and e-commerce . 
  [ 4 ] [ a ] so yeah , aside from apple being both a big player in computer hardward and software , the also produce electronics like the iphone and ipad . 
  it company . 
  you can also jump down to the commercial section and read where `` devices '' are listed as part of it . 
  once again , if an ipad , iphone , and macbook are n't devices you will need to explain to me why . 
  additionally , apple has it 's own [ developer website . 
  ] ( https://developer.apple.com/ ) so you also now need to convince me that autodesk is n't an it company . 
  i mean , you ca n't do any of this because you are in an inane corner made clear by your need to keep attacking me as a person instead of how you are correct ( except because you said so , which is sadly a common answer on reddit ) . 
  additionally , i immigrated here from ks . 
  even republicans in the us recognize it as `` real '' america . 
  guys just bitter he was wrong . 
  yes they do . 
  fortune 500 even lists apple as the largest it company . 
  then what is apple if not an `` information technology '' company ? 
  so nato handled every nato problem that has existed including ` defending ' ( yes , that 's what it was called ) the us in iraq yet a non-nato country is attacked and that 's proof positive that nato ca n't defend itself ? 
  wtf are you on about ? 
  seriously , you ca n't invoke non-nato countries and then say nato failed . 
  otherwise we can say the us is a failed military because there was a rebellion in congo , or nigeria had a conflict . 
  [ nato members ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/member_states_of_nato ) notice how none of the nato members have had trouble with their own defense . 
  the hardest conflict nato has dealt with was the iraq quagmire followed by the kosovo crisis . 
  neither of which was in a theater of war that was nearly impossible for those countries to handle with their current capacity . 
  it 's telling that you think nato needs to be attacking other countries instead of being used for defense . 
   article five of the treaty states that if an armed attack occurs against one of the member states , it should be considered an attack against all members , and other members shall assist the attacked member , with armed forces if necessary notice how it 's focus is defense , and you are trying to use it for offense , which is literally what the iraq war was about and why it keeps coming up . 
  if you crash a car and then complain that you 're a great driver do n't be surprised when people keep bringing up how you crashed . 
  kosovo is another projection of nato force , but it was n't something the us wanted in on anyway and it did n't destabalize the whole region . 
  do you think nato ca n't project force into the mediterranean ? 
  honestly ; where do you think nato , a defense organization , needs to be projecting force that it can not ? 
   someone has to step up and provide the difficult and expensive capabilities . 
  if we are n't interested in destabilizing countries , we do n't need all of that capacity . 
  where does nato need to defend that is out of range of local military installations ? 
  outside of the me , which was the us using nato to help destabilize a region , nato has n't needed the large capabilities you are talking about . 
  or are you suggesting germany and other countries should up their spending so that they can launch proxy wars themselves to destabilize regions and cause global problems like wars and the associated refugees as well ? 
  crytocurrency is n't even directly tied to money , some of the new platforms deal in kwhrs and other things that need to be counted and traded . 
  it was a huge shock to learn for me when i moved to europe . 
  i had never heard of it before and suddenly i was surrounded by it and technically assisting erasmus students figure out our new city . 
  still , it 's super cool . 
  we saw italians and spanish head back to their countries when the eu single market showed up . 
  this agrees with the theory that creating better economic systems will get people back to their home country . 
  my suggestion is to create economic loans targeted to third world countries focused on building their infrastructure . 
  think kiva or similar with a few billion backing and you start to see the idea . 
  we have the technology where we can start these systems nationally and internationally . 
  my personal preference is to invest in micro-level grid and water security in the third world , solar panels in villages and clean water sources . 
  i think clean power is overlooked personally , as being an energy producer of +5 kwhr a day is a big deal in these villages but a joke to you and i . additionally proper set-ups are expandable to country wide grids if they go dc ( which also reduces their need for expensive metals like copper ) . 
  basically i think the west should be investing in basic infrastructure of poor countries , not highways but water and power . 
  power is already strongly tied to gdp of developing countries . 
  that 's my solution . 
  yeah , but we still have a significantly lower rate of random violence than the us so i feel justified when i say that putting a bunch of people into a contained area and removing their rights will breed additional discontent among those in the population it is done too . 
  i 'm sorry , you think not deporting people to a random place is not observing fundamental rights ? 
  you 're a fucking monster and deserve to be randomly deported to a country you have no say in either . 
  especially when you expand it to realize we are observing the preservance of human rights by not exporting them to a literal war-zone . 
  i 'm so glad my other country men are n't as disgusting as you . 
  the good news is your retort embodies exactly what the afd is , so it 's great to have a clear example . 
  good thing you are the minority in the world , or europe would be a warzone again since you seem do n't seem to give a shit about other people . 
  i would argue article 55.c says we have to take in refugees and ca n't deport them to random countries . 
  but the un is n't binding , that 's all of the eu laws we 've signed . 
  far right are literally killing people even in the netherlands this decade ; the far left literally killed people in germany within many of our lifetimes , and almost killed a us general . 
  also , what is `` islamist ideology '' if not a far right platform ? 
  maybe you should pay a bit more attention ? 
  you 're assuming putting a bunch of upset people together and telling them they are unwanted wo n't radicalize them . 
  i personally think that is faulty logic and instead will breed more discontent . 
   the european union is like all countries in the americas being given an equal vote about what happens in the americas overall you realize that 's literally how america works to a degree ? 
  like , literally what the senate is . 
  and the eu has a second branch as well just like the usa . 
  the subsidies also work that way . 
  you really did n't make that point too well .
