  texas is barely chugging and they are just getting lucky that they can extract their wealth at the moment from the ground before they collapse . 
  the debate carries over to the national stage too , it 's why we have had so many funding shut downs . 
  so yeah , you are so far away from reality it seems that you need to go get more educated on the topic . 
  thank you for this post . 
  it 's worth noting that while the uk taxes at least 5 % more on it 's high-earner income tax compared to the us . 
  in reality it 's even higher , since we do n't require people to pay social security on more than ~ 100k of earnings . 
  i 'm also aware of how skewed our economies are towards the finance industry , i do n't have to like it and i can think it 's a terrible policy while understanding that it is occurring . 
  i 'm not trying to argue with you , just clarifying my initial point more . 
  yes ; giving billions to the banks is a better choice than letting the banks fail , jailing everyone who broke the law , * then * shoring up the businesses that suffered from the poor investments . 
  letting a bank fail does n't have to mean letting all of its assets collapse . 
  i 'm no expert but you really think there was no other way to handle the failing of an entire sector made up of imaginary money than to take money based on real things to deal with losses made by gambling ? 
  let alone the lack of accountability given afterwards ? 
  i ca n't accept that there was no other , better option . 
  i can accept that those with money built the laws and now the laws work for them , but that does n't mean it 's the best choice . 
  we need to take a step back as i fear we have crossed into poe 's law . 
  i was being sarcastic and think everything i 've named does n't work even though it is constantly peddled as working where i live . 
  i can not tell if you sincerely believe what you wrote or not . 
  i was actually referring to the bank bailouts the us and uk gave out . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/emergency_economic_stabilization_act_of_2008 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2008_united_kingdom_bank_rescue_package that , and the whole trickle-down theory the us keeps pushing . 
  i hear if you give the big banks a lot of money , it will stimulate the poorest classes . 
  he has since deleted the comment , but he was saying the americans brainwashed the germans and / u/divolinon was just a brainwashed person . 
  i am assuming you read that part . 
  americans are not divided like you pretend . 
  ask any irish-american which country they identify as and it 's the us . 
  we are torn in our allegiance north/south less than the belgian 's are ( flanders/wallonia ) . 
  we all do share a common identity , most americans will tell you they are anything but , even if they say they are not typical . 
  what you hear in politics represents about 30 % of the us citizens on average , including succession . 
  as for why american 's bring up their ancestry , it 's because we have no sense of history when compared to europe . 
  i 've been to bars in europe older than my state is . 
  my heritage is mostly polish and viking ( nowegian/swedish . 
  ` resettled ' to france long ago . ), 
  but i am an american . 
  knowing that about me does n't make me any less american . 
  if you think europe does n't have a race problem you are blind , in many ways europe is worse than the us on race , just go to france and ask an algerian about their experience . 
  in summary : you are talking out of your ass and do n't know a goddamn thing . 
  interesting . 
  i heard that too , but i do n't want to stand by that without a source . 
  i 'm an american and agree with him 100 % . 
  the problem lies with you , not with others being `` brainwashed '' , but nice job trying to shift the blame . 
  let 's not forget the big sting operation in belgium . 
  5 houses raided with arrests . 
  that was just the high profile push . 
  we know they can do that , but we should assume they have done nothing ? 
  thank you for being reasonable . 
  i reread my comment and understand how you could have taken my statement as anything but sincere . 
  you realize that since about 2014 the prices have gotten relatively small again right ? 
  they are like $ 5 usd apart as i write this . 
  there is no way that cost difference accounts for the huge difference is oil costs . 
  unlike the eu tax worth twice the us cost at pump . 
  it 's not that our fuel is necessarily cheap , it 's more that we do n't tax like europe does . 
  europe has a tax of about $ 6 usd per gallon , while we only even pay about $ 3 . 
  you win , i was confusing belgium for nl . 
  it 's only 5am where i live . 
  i imagine france is mocked the most in the be because flanders gets it 's digs in at wallonia at the same time . 
  edit : it 's to early to get my geography right . 
  at least the two countries speak the same language . 
  well labeling is a big one . 
  additionally , workers rights keep coming up along with how the us allows animals to be treated . 
  i 'm literally shooting from the hip here but without being prepared to answer you i 've come up with 3 . 
  the us also has banned wood for being used with cheese in some fashion and this would really hurt traditional methods as they use wood commonly . 
  [ usa bans wood aging boards ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.com/culture-magazine/fda-bans-wood-aging-board_b_5481885.html ), 
  i think a lot of the worry for tpp comes from the same place europe 's ttip comes from . 
  we are worried about the lowering of our safety standards to meet vietnam 's . 
  at the same time , europe is worried about a lowering of the eu 's standards to meet the us 's . 
  honestly , if the us had to begin packaging food for eu consumption and meet their health and safety requirements i would be all for this . 
  so allowing more people to ` travel ' to netflix without charging netflix money for the service would be within this stature . 
  allowing 100 tb/s connections from your network to netflix because netflix uses so much bandwidth would be reasonable if you were also taking steps to let users reach hulu as needed . 
  all of this while not giving news.yahoo.com 100 tb/s connections because it does n't need anywhere near that much . 
  seems pretty reasonable policy at first glance . 
  this and thank you . 
  disclaimer : i have not formed an opinion on this , but i am initially against the eu decision . 
  it looks like this proposal could be used to allow an isp to hook up extra trunk lines to a service that gets heavy use consistently ( ie ; netflix ) while letting them explain why nazisdoingfunthings.com does n't have the same capacities to allow nearly as many concurrent users . 
  this is the only reason i can think of that would be acceptable . 
  while fair , the usa has been a good team for the past 15 years or so . 
  2002 germany deserved a loss against the us in the quarter 's and they went to the finals . 
  2006 we played against italy with a ref that if he was n't bought off , does n't deserve to ref a u-16 game . 
  red cards everywhere and the usa was the only team before the final to score in italy , france scored 1 also . 
  2010 usa lost to ghana after a great game . 
  ghana went on to not advance to the semi-finals due to a last minute hand-ball on the line against uruguay . 
  they then went onto lose in pks . 
  2014 usa did better than brasil , we can argue if you want , but i think the usa had a great wc . 
  the usa had a hell of a hard draw and still did great . 
  we may not have been historically strong , but we sure as hell are not a joke any more . 
  we 've been out performing mexico for the past decade . 
  i guess what i am saying is , we want in !, 
  that mean 's turkey is n't part of the eu , but to call a country that has a shot at joining the eu `` not european '' would be laughable . 
  us checking in , it seems more and more like turkey is european . 
  turkey is also a candidate for full eu membership , so apparently the eu thinks turkey is european enough . 
  i am currently under the impression the central banks were pushing for austerity across the eu . 
  am i incorrect ? 
  so i 've been reading that document and it looks like it 's full of pies in the sky with no specifics ( which is the be expected at this stage ) . 
  why should i take something serious when it looks very one sided . 
  `` food safety '' is where i just want to start poking holes in this boat ( it is most easily worded ) ; why is the eu able to uphold their food standards to export , but the us seemingly has to meet eu standards ? 
  i 'm not saying the document is wrong , but it looks like it 's propaganda ( of course it is , that 's not necessarily bad ) telling only half truths . 
  it 's not the most trustworthy way to spread information imho . 
  the only thing it has going for it seems to be that it 's hosted on the official eu website . 
   primarily funded by central banks you are giving me reasons not to trust this group hand over fist man . 
  be a little careful with that . 
  once the draft hits it will most likely be in high gear as the us will be under pressure to get it finished too . 
  if you have any concerns ( granted you 're in the uk ) i would send one off to your representative and voice any concerns about things that could be in it .
