   their issues primarily concern mexicans no they do n't . 
  net immigration relating to mexico is roughly zero . 
  in fact i bet [ what you think you know about mexican immigration ] ( http://www.pewhispanic.org/2015/11/19/more-mexicans-leaving-than-coming-to-the-u-s/ ) is wrong . 
  unless you think all middle american countries are the same , in which case fine but then clearly the phillipines/india/saudi arabia are identical . 
  i do know why you think not giving a country preferential treatment is not considered punishment , otherwise norway would have been `` punished '' the whole of it 's etfa membership and they are n't whining about it ; that is a distinctly uk sentiment . 
   75 % of the uk economy is internal , only a quarter of it involves imports and exports . 
  right , but losing even 20 % of your economy is a huge deal . 
  especially when you consider that 20 will have an impact on the rest of the countries economy ( they can no longer spend money ) . 
  so you need to keep as much of that as you can . 
  nothing you are talking about happens in a vacuum and competing with countries at things below cost when you do n't have any other fta 's means you are putting your self in jeopardy . 
  these internal companies would have to compete against cheaper us products ( like chicken ) , while the formerly internal companies would either have to hope for the best in the eu ( which would likely not be fta 'd and therefore less competitive ) or retool for a cheaper version of product ( chlorine washing here , but maybe even new farming styles to get competitive ) . 
  this will hurt this industry and it 's not the only industry this will occur in , so giving up these types of things to trade with the us will be a big deal and the uk keeps talking in ways that look like they are n't prepared for it . 
  there 's is a reason the largest economic zones have the most amount of free-trade and movement between workers . 
  no part of what you said matters to my point . 
  if the uk adopts us standards of chicken production , they ca n't sell to the eu if they also changing their chicken production . 
  that 's not negotiable , thems the facts and the wto does n't change that . 
  meet the standards or do n't sell is n't even new . 
  and yes , the uk can get chicken from anyone who meets their standards , exactly like i said . 
  but the uk chicken industry will collapse if they want to sell chicken to both the eu and compete against us chicken since 70 % of uk chicken is sold in the uk . 
  either they would have to give up on the eu market and take ~ 30 % reduction in chicken sales , or give up the uk market and lose ~ 70 % either way that 's a huge chunk to lose overnight . 
  none of that discusses the uk going without chicken to eat , it discusses the uk chicken industry itself . 
  maybe you should take different advice to heart ; people should n't comment on things if they do n't understand what 's being discussed . 
  https://www.austrade.gov.au/news/economics-at-austrade/the-worlds-leading-trading-nations note that for exporting china and the us are top 2 , followed by 4 eu countries , then the uk . 
  so the uk is # 5 on exporters in the eu already . 
  imports ; uk is number 2 in the eu right now , behind germany . 
  so the uk exports less than 4 countries in the eu but imports more than all but 1 of them . 
  so your first point is bunk . 
  the uk needs the trade and clearly the biggest traders in the world are china , us , and eu with the eu being the clear choice geographically . 
  you really should n't shut that door then . 
  so we come to local regulations ; the reason you tend to use regulations consistent with places you intend to export is so that you do n't have to run special ` lines ' to achieve the required specs . 
  this eats into profit as every change costs money to retoool . 
  so the uk , if it intends to trade with the eu in any of these products as well , needs to keep it 's production in line with the eu or it ca n't trade/incurs large cost reduction in it and is therefore only able to look at the us ( smaller population over there ) . 
  so either the uk can adopt us regulations and most likely price it 's own product out of home markets and completely rely on the eu to buy it 's chicken ( and high end local consumers ) which ties the uk even further into the eu after they just brexited ; or the uk can reject us regulations on it 's local products if they do n't meet eu standards so that they can continue to create their local products as they have been and remain competitive in europe . 
  this is clearly a simplification , but the general idea stands , anything made in the uk should be considered something the uk want 's to be able to trade with both europe and the us with the us generally having more lax consumer protection laws so they should be considered the `` easier to trade with '' country . 
  https://www.bloomberg.com/view/articles/2017-07-18/trump-just-came-very-close-to-killing-the-iran-deal hopefully that , in addition to all of the other antics our idiot-in-chief has been pulling , explains why europe is seeing the us as an unreliable partner and making plans without us . 
  this was an issue when the deal was initially passed , if the us did n't get involved the eu would do it without us . 
  now it 's passed and trump thinks the world revolves around him because he is about as mentally mature as a 5 year old . 
  it does n't , and this is the world preparing to move when he does something stupid . 
  i 've been thanked because me and the authored went drinking every weekend . 
  i do love the comments sections . 
  you are trying really hard to compare a country of 380 million to a country of 84 million or greece with it 's 10 million . 
  you know what , you can have it . 
  i hereby cede that germany is the exact same comparison as the us and the fact that germany has fewer exports overall is a failing of the german people . 
  if germany ca n't hold it 's own without the eu it 's because the germans are a failure as a country . 
  that is the point you keep arguing for ; that germany should be compared only to the us , a country with significantly more landmass and 4x the population instead of a more measured calculation . 
  whose fucking cherry picking ? 
  california has 10 % of the us population , that on state can carry the us in so many terms it 's not funny . 
  but if 35 us states score on greece levels for their metrics do you really think people would continue to think the us is so much better than the eu ? 
  no , you and most other people make the same mistake , thinking the us is somehow more socially contiguous than the eu when in many ways it 's not . 
  the language borders and government structure are the only real difference between the two areas . 
  the us also gets dragged up heavily by a relatively few places . 
  i 'd prefer a break down of us states to eu countries for a decent idea of how nice it is to live in the us . 
  especially considering the crazy disparity between california and most other states . 
  fine , if you want to count losses on electricity transmission start counting the losses on gas transmission . 
  gas requires power to move as well . 
  you kids and your double standards for energy types . 
  i have big issues with the lack of international cooperation . 
  asking western europe to spend a bit to bring the former soviet countries up to speed faster and move them off of fossil fuels for european safety and strength is such a big hill to climb i get frustrated just talking about how insular most eu countries look . 
  that 's nothing to say about how insular the us is , they are even worse . 
  can you dig deeper and give me some better information ? 
  i am woefully under-equipped to discuss air pumps and have n't found good information on them personally . 
   are you absolutely opposed to nuclear not a bit . 
  the reason i discount nuclear is because of public perception not personal belief . 
  if you gave me full run we would have phased out coal years ago for fission reactors ; they are safer than coal in every way . 
  unfortunately most people do n't know that . 
  as for mitigation , well that 's hard and i do n't really want to get into it . 
  suffice to say , i think without international pressure fossil fuels will still be heavily used since their externalities can be forced onto everyone else . 
  it 's a case of punishing someone for pooping in the pool , if no-one gets up-set people will poop in the pool ; it happens . 
  `` for fuck 's sake '' i 'm talking about the wealthy countries subsidizing the countries you are telling me about . 
  did i miss something and poland suddenly counts as western europe now ? 
  this is a discussion on europe working together , which is the only way the world gets out of this effectively anyway . 
  https://energy.gov/energysaver/electric-resistance-heating i 'm getting my info here , this site says 100 % . 
  you may be construeing two things together though . 
  i 'm talking efficiency , but it seems more effective ( on that site as well ) to use heat-pumps to move heat . 
  this however is definitely different as many heat pumps probably wo n't help too much in january . 
  i 'm hardly an expert on germanys carbon tax . 
  i ca n't read the legal text so i have to rely on translations or my very poor understanding of the words , but yes that is my understanding of the law . 
  if carbon was taxed at the acceptably calculated levels based on today 's value the german energy bill would rise another ~ 160 eur based on the epa and a collection of averages from us firms including yale . 
  microsoft 's data suggests a 320 eur increase for average german electrical bills . 
  [ the ln2 cable ] ( https://www.extremetech.com/extreme/182278-the-worlds-first-superconducting-power-line-paves-the-way-for-billions-of-dollars-in-savings ) does n't have your questions fully answered yet . 
  i 've no idea if it 's cheaper to ship the ln2 or if they have an easy way to create it on-site . 
  most of what i know is covered in the linked article . 
  as for time-frame for this happening , 2020 will be a good idea of how far forward we are moving , but realistically 2025 is a good time to see if we have implemented heavy renewable investment or if we should treat it as a failure of the human race . 
  if we have begun the investment by then , 2035 would be a good number to finish at , just pulling numbers out of the cuff . 
  near future is still a pretty long term thought process when you compare the health of nations and infrastructure to the lifetime of a person . 
  as for costs , i expect many of the costs will come from governments dealing with market failures like you are asking about . 
  governments can encourage this stuff , but the meat of the problem will be how we change grid operations based on the new tech and operation methods . 
  the old form of grid operators charging per kwhr is doomed to failure if we move to microgrids . 
  that seems unlikely . 
  i do n't know anywhere that is taxing carbon near reasonably . 
  if they were , the average us household would pay about 285 more dollars a year in electricity based on the [ epa 's calculator ] ( https://www.epa.gov/energy/greenhouse-gas-equivalencies-calculator ) [ and calculated social cost 's ] ( http://costofcarbon.org/faq ) . 
  or to put it another way , [ the us would pay 2x what germany does for electricity by carbon costs ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/environment/datablog/2009/sep/02/carbon-emissions-per-person-capita ) . 
  but the us does n't pay any where near germanys in the first place . 
  since the usa is one of the few countries with such high pollution per person , i find it unlikely emissions are being taxes properly . 
  in fact the only co2 tax germany has is on cars , not energy production so it 's very clear co2 is n't being taxed in many wealthy nations . 
  i can only really speak to the german `` carbon tax '' , and to that i would point out it 's not really a ` carbon ' tax as much as it is a surcharge being used as an investment into renewables . 
  it 's kinda difficult to succinctly explain , but the important part here is that germany 's tax does n't do what a proper tax should . 
  unique and novel ways is interesting . 
  by far the easiest would be if we invest in short distance ev 's ( 70km or less get 's vast majority of people to work and back in germany ) and use the batteries for load shaving . 
  the battery impact would be minimal ( less than the impact from improper charging , which most people will be doing unintentionally . ),
