  trump is clearly anti-press and has talked about how he wants to enact laws to stop them from reporting facts he does n't like , again the thing mussolini did too . 
  he 's talking about taking the us back to make it ` great again ' which is a direct translation of one of hitlers slogans . 
  please , ignoring the jewish angle of hitlers reign and the wars , what is trump doing that is only sort of related to what hitler and mussolini did while in power ? 
  this is interesting . 
  do you have a legal source for the germany bit ? 
  my understanding of eu germany pre-unification/the year i was born is pretty weak . 
  you are n't understanding how automation will work , but do n't fret . 
  things wo n't be made more local to you through automation , they will be made more local to the cheapest place to produce them . 
  this will most likely be a port city near the mining operations ofthe most expensive part of the material so that most of the weight can be removed in refining and additional materials can be shipped in as short of distance as possible . 
  this means the uk will not do well but third world countries will start to do better and better ( manufacturing wise ) . 
  the west is only strong economically right now because of their intelligence and parts of the west seem to be trying hard to make sure that something that is disappearing . 
  the us and uk are making it hard for smart people to stay in their country and they are making higher education more unattainable every year . 
  meanwhile countries like germany are doing the opposite and trying to attract smarter people to stay here . 
  what do you think will happen when china starts hiring engineers who produce steel of a quality near the us ? 
  i 'll tell you , the pacific lining countries will start buying the high quality with the low price which wo n't likely be the us without large changes to their system . 
  who do you think is going to hire us engineers when germany has more engineers of a similar quality who also speak english and are a 6 hours flight closer ? 
  the us and uk do n't seem to understand what the future will look-like , but we know that the higher the skill the harder it is to replace with automation . 
  unfortunately the us and uk are trying to keep the highly educated workers away . 
  both countries are going to get hit hard in the near-future with the understanding of their mistakes . 
  i expect the uk to feel it first , mostly due to it 's size . 
  i give them 5 years post brexit and they will feel the first wave of damage when the doctors and engineers with foreign backgrounds are really gone . 
  the us i give about 25 , they wo n't even start to fix their problems in the next 5 , and they are big enough and isolated the damage will take a while to really reverberate but then it will cause another global issue . 
  / chapter 7, 
  or white people after all the murdering they do based on ` culture ' and ` country of origin ' . 
  it 's a soft rule , which i guess is less common in germany but i 'm pretty used to them in the us ( see : resisting arrest as the only reason to be arrested ) . 
  from http://www.germany-visa.org/student-visa/ : `` if the applicant is considered to represent a risk for the security and public order of the schengen area the visa will be rejected '' now you need to remember that i do n't have a permanent visa , it 's in effectively temporary at all times . 
  i do n't use a better source because i ca n't read legal german currently , even the grundgesetz is too much to dig into and i ca n't find a fully translated visa document , i have to deal with the websites that have aggregated things for me . 
  there is something big that everyone saying my visa ca n't be revoked are missing , they just do n't have to renew it and it 's effectively revoked . 
  split all the hairs you want , the difference between germany saying `` you have to leave tomorrow '' and `` you ca n't stay past next month '' is nearly nothing . 
  so as i said , if i go to the wrong demonstration/protest germany can decide to not renew my temporary visa . 
  it 's not that i just ca n't go , it 's that i ca n't be at the wrong one so it 's safer not to do any of it unless i 'm willing to risk deportation for the protest . 
  i may be allowed to in the first place , but germany still gets to decide on my visa status afterwards based on what i 've seen . 
  remember there is more than 1 type of visa , and i do n't have a permanent residence visa yet . 
   non citizens are not even allowed to demonstrate a lot of eu citizens do n't know this and get surprised when i tell them . 
  if i 'm caught in a political demonstration on my current visa germany gets to decide if i am allowed to keep my visa . 
   i gather from the replies that americans do get questioned we do but it 's hilariously bad . 
  i walked in on a visitors visa , told the lady i was going to go to school here , and she told me to have fun . 
  when my wife overstayed her visa by a little , they asked her just to get her paper-work in asap and not wait . 
  it 's pretty damn relaxed to go us -  eu, 
  the argument seems that if you add sauce , a culinary item itself , you have ruined the dish . 
  this of course is a patently ridiculous thought , that 's like saying adding potatoes to a dish ruins it . 
  you must be new to this ; the us has a publicly funded program ( npr ) who uses more right-wing sources than left-wing sources for their news programming . 
  they are considered a `` left wing news source '' in the states . 
  it 's fucking mind-boggling that you can use right-wing sources predominately and then people call you left-wing non-ironically . 
  i enjoy it immensely more . 
  i 'm a much happier person here for sure , even in grad school where i spend 60 + hours on campus and i 'm not earning good money right now , i am happier . 
  i miss the food the most . 
  i know the jokes , but in the states i could eat a different style of food everyday and not repeat for a week . 
  french , bbq , german , thai , ethiopian , japanese , sushi , chinese ( well , american chinese ) , etc. 
  the list just goes on , over here i 'm much more limited , i ca n't even find kolache in my current city . 
  so food is what i miss the most , followed by my friends and family . 
  i 've done well making friends over here , but it 's always sad to have a friend you used to be very close to and then move 7000 km away . 
  what do n't i miss ? 
  well most of it . 
  i do n't miss the fucked up politics and the climate change denial . 
  those were such a focal point of what i used to do and the people i used to live around and had to interact with . 
  i wo n't miss the absurd costs of food or rent . 
  in the states i was paying a portion of my disposable income on par with what one would pay in belgium , but i was also paying for health insurance in the states and that was also far from cheap . 
  here the relative cost of food and everything is so much cheaper it 's crazy . 
  my wife is the only one working right now , but with her paychecks we make about 400 less than we did in the us except now we pay two different rents and add in 100 euros a week to see each other so i think overall it 's almost even for relative ability to buy things . 
  it 's also crazy to be able to travel for 3 hours and be in amsterdam or paris or bremen from where i currently live . 
  i honestly laughed at your third question mark , so thank you . 
  although i do n't actually live under trump , i 'm over here in sharia land with the rest of you blue flaggers . 
   almost all economists agree a short-term stimulus never actually gets the economy anywhere then why was that the recommend response response to the economic collapse ? 
  and [ why do people think it worked ? 
  ] ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/ezra-klein/post/did-the-stimulus-work-a-review-of-the-nine-best-studies-on-the-subject/2011/08/16/giqathbibj_blog.html ), 
  same with the edrogen comment in germany . 
  these laws exist , people often forget about them . 
  when someone finds the law and we are reminded of it , we can then fix the problem and remove the law . 
  however it is a law and should be `` enforced '' in as much as a lawsuit about the validity of the law is enforcing it . 
  it 's funny because the riot started when the swedish police started acting like us police with their escalation of violence . 
  so basically , as long as countries do n't act like the us the people living their are better off and safer . 
  it 's an ironic thing that i doubt will be the focus of discussion . 
   do you think shooting is a proportional used of force against someone violent but unarmed ? 
  there are us states where it 's legitimately an argument for why you shot someone to death . 
  on the other note , dealing with the us and teaching them that they ca n't do whatever they want anymore may inspire them to pull their head out of their asses a bit . 
  right now trump can walk out of any treaty he wants ( the us is set up that way , yes ) . 
  he can also upset anyone he wants as he is the head of state . 
  maybe the us needs to learn that just because you are important does n't mean everyone will do what you want , and when you throw a fit the other countries can move along without you . 
  they need to learn to act like adults . 
  sure it 's not that simple , but i really do think the us needs to learn by example that the world is n't us centric like they think , and when they try to do whatever they want it can backfire . 
  instead of letting trump do what he wants , we can tell him when he is wrong and explain why he is wrong . 
  yes he has an ego , but i think the us population in general needs to hear the world talk with power against him as well . 
  unfortunately this ca n't happen to cohesively until after the euro elections as europe is the real power that needs to be unified . 
  i think you are blind a little here , the us needs canada pretty badly too . 
  yes the us has resources , but my understanding is that canada gives the resources away pretty cheaply as well . 
  a small retaliatory tax on the us if they limit market access with hurt the us a lot while making exports to the rest of the world a lot more economical suddenly . 
  your economy may take a hit , but the hit will most likely be smaller than it would be otherwise . 
  additionally once other markets start getting your product the us will have a hard time stepping back in since all of your production chains could possible by tied up somewhere else now . 
  i get that the us has a big economy , but the money maker is n't services which are like 15 % of the us economy . 
  what 's really going to hurt the us economy more than material trade is limits on intelligence , so small taxes on earned income could cripple the us economy in many ways . 
  the us exported a net of ~ 140 billion in 2014 , of that 15 % was services . 
  if the us starts imposing tariffs on their imports from mexico and canada the cost of those exports will go up and and the us will make less money from the exports . 
  canada can come out relatively ahead ( everyone will lose , i get that ) if the us starts a pissing war specifically because it will be everyone against the us . 
  everyone else can work together to stop the douche-nozzle from ruining everything and instead keep it in the living room . 
  i can find it in my local store , but it 's fucking 6 euros for 250ml . 
  the cheapest whiskey is 7 euros for 700 ml !, 
  your link is broken . 
  for future reference , when citing a wiki article that ends with a parenthesis place an underscore afterwards so it works properly . 
  so like this : https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/berichtigungsanspruch_ ( medienrecht ) _,
