  i 'm pretty sure you are the breadbasket of millennials . 
  from what i can tell , the general definition involves digital natives on the upper side of the age scale . 
  the weird ages tend to be those born between 84-89 since most of them are n't digital natives but are close enough to get lumped in with them . 
  then again , i have no idea what the computer penetration is like in non-western eu countries . 
   the eurozone is both poorer than the us and have had less growth since the financial crisis no , shut the fuck up and no . 
  the eurozone has about 0.4 trillion more gdp than the us and when balanced for ppp it is about 4 trillion larger than the us . 
  so no , fuck you and your lack of facts . 
  even more , the eu is at 2009 levels of unemployment which is n't so bad considering that is under 9 percent . 
  there are arguments you can make , but if you do n't stick to facts i 'm going to berate you just like everyone else should as well . 
  [ here , use real numbers when you speak next time ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/economy_of_the_european_union ) . 
  i 'm sick of fuckwits like you pretending we have to take you seriously because you spoke . 
  letting you say such dumb shit without berating you is exactly what put an idiot like trump in power in the first place . 
  i was talking to a friend and i think the best way to do this would be to have the eu create a basic api for things . 
  a european api for a map service would be pretty simple . 
  a barebones map that only shows sattellite images would be the lowest level . 
  then allow countries to add their own streets , postal coverage or what ever like google has . 
  the benefit here is that the eu can add basic protections to it like the ability to red zone sections . 
  think pokemon go where protections are given to dangerous places ( mountains , the autobahn , high security places ) . 
  additionally , letting governments control the information they provide makes it easier to keep streets up to date and other things . 
  there really is a lot that could be done with a map api alone . 
  imagine a barebones structure for a lot of other ideas , and an it ` council ' with which new ideas for backbone api 's could be suggested and given due merit . 
  i think that would give the eu as a group a huge jump start while allowing them to control levels of access at a separate government level . 
  can you please link me a decent place to brush up/learn about the current parties and candidates ? 
  it 's about time for me to learn about this stuff but i do n't know where to start looking . 
  german sources are ok . 
  i 'm not worried about the people . 
  if the us starts breaking treaties the eu will be in a place sheets it no longer needs to honor us visas as it has been and that is my concern . 
  it 's silly to pretend a shared history makes two countries close . 
  ethnic germans were a huge portion of the us population before ww1 and we were clear about our position in that war . 
  why should the eu now ignore the aggressive actions of the us . 
  i 'm on your side . 
  i just hope i do n't get deported when the foot starts dropping and the eu starts responding to the fuckwit in chief . 
  i guess this may be true . 
  germans do n't seem to mind dressing up as native americans . 
  ya 'll does that . 
  it 's tied to the south which is tied to a poor view of education hench the idea that people saying ya 'll are rednecks/dumb . 
  it 's weird , but we do n't really have a third person word for direct conversation with multiple people . 
  edit : to any english speaker who wants to get smart , no we do n't . 
  we used to use thou and ye for informal second and informal second plural . 
  those are gone and you does n't fully replace it . 
  but we give poland an army ? 
  i mean they have part of prussia as well . 
  the problem with your sarcasm is that it sounds exactly like us rw politics . 
  i do n't complain because i ca n't wear springer boots and bomber jackets without funny looks now . 
  it 's just what it is . 
  if you are so concerned about it , buy a wig like trump wears . 
  what about sz ? 
  people tell me all the time that they are good . 
  true or not , they were the second most killed . 
  call it what you want , when the second most killed group says they had death camps . 
  it was jews at about 5 million , pows at 2-3 ( they are a bit different in that they were captured ) , then ethnic poles at 2 million then serbs at 500,000 . 
  sure jews were the highest , but that 's what happens when they live in the country they were being killed in , poles being second highest by a solid number should n't be overlooked . 
  and technically they were just death camps , i do n't remember any of them only killing jews by decree . 
  fucking english . 
  are these death camps that were in poland they are denying , or death camps for the polish ? 
   this is a money grab . 
  read the fucking article . 
  they are suing for status so their family can come to germany and they can legally work and legally take german language classes . 
  money is n't the focus of these suits . 
  hell , i know people who grew up in germany and look like they are from china or india . 
  what makes this guy think skin color is a great baseline ? 
  let 's ignore the netherlands , belgium , and germany so that you can be right . 
  or do you not know that they are doing it as well , and some belgium 's were concerned they had been setting up these ghettos 4 years ago ? 
  oh look , now we are up to 4 countries of the eu and i do n't even know what spain , italy , and portugal are doing in regards to refugees and other minorities . 
  you know there are a lot of differences between the past and present right ? 
  for starters , the immigration thing really only crumbled societies when they could n't feed everyone . 
  that 's where the sea-people came from . 
  unless you are going to suggest we ca n't feed everyone i would n't be too worried about the immigration issue collapsing society . 
   60 years ago saint denis was not a breeding ground for islamism that 's a huge time frame . 
  60 years ago black people had just won the right vote in the us and it was being challenged by a new set of laws . 
  i hope you understand why 60 years is too long to use as your metric . 
  i mean hell 80 years ago the holocaust happened , should all germans expect their country to still be that way ? 
   the truth is , in france , like in most countries , we parked our poorer and our minorities in some place others would n't come . 
  it 's because europe wo n't learn from america . 
  the us already did all the leg work and we know ghettos do n't work , so it only made sense eu countries would ignore all the previous information from the us and make the same mistakes . 
  god forbid people learn from others . 
  is this a case of a falling median income , mean income , or drop in employment ? 
  this is always my question as they all show different problems . 
  a decrease in the mean could well mean that only the highest incomes dropped , it 's not clear . 
  likewise , a decrease in the median income would be the biggest issue . 
  i ca n't read the russia source , does anyone know if it explains my concern ? 
   every business is born out of debt to a degree , but it 's also built on private property which is a different argument anyway . 
  people are so weird , it 's generally not okay to take someone else 's land without repayment unless it happened 300 years ago and some sections of the citizenship were n't allowed to own it anyway . 
  you know , the entire way europe and na were divided up initially . 
   this means even more debt piles onto the name of the one or ones who created the company . 
  only if you do things wrong . 
  there is a reason people incorporate as they do , to divorce debts from the person in case the company goes under . 
   they merely have to buy some of the existing and future debt from the person who is currently 100 % responsible for it you are now advocating socialism ( if this option were required , which it 's not ) in a text dump over how you think people in favor of socialism are uneducated . 
  i do n't actually disagree with you btw , you are just trying to explain how i 'm an idiot by taking my side which is delightfully ironic . 
   so tell me exactly what 's wrong with a system whereby the person who accumulated the debt of starting a business is the one who owns it , since he also owns all the debt as covered lightly , most of the debt was incurred from people who stole the money in the first place . 
   or what 's wrong with people not wanting to own debt and merely work for a wage ? 
  this option is laughably unavailable to the absolute vast majority of people in the world . 
  that 's the problem , the availability . 
   let me guess why - because you simply are n't informed enough in economics to even think of the fact companies go into debt . 
  awww , adorable , moving to ad homeniem to try and prove your point . 
  still ironic to me , since you are basically on my side then calling this side a bunch of idiots . 
  like the king saying all monarchs should be killed . 
   there is nothing unfair about how it is set up at the moment so close !, 
  as i 've said though , the current system is inherently built on inequality which makes the current system steeped in inequality . 
  it 's a system literally created by enslaving people , forcing them to work for no wages , then saying they were n't allowed to buy property or own companies once they were emancipated .
