  especially one concerning white people , authorities would stop that quickly and make sure to prosecute everyone involved . 
  [ it 's not like police waited 30-50 years to even sort of deal with a white person doing this stuff . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jimmy_savile_sexual_abuse_scandal#police_and_related_investigations ), 
  islam is n't a race ; the ethnic group you are referring to when you refer to the minority of the religion is the `` race '' . 
  that 's what race is , ethnic groups we are clustering together for ease of categorizing . 
  it does n't help that there is n't a great name for the ethnic group outside of `` middle-easterners '' or `` west-asians '' , but that does n't excuse your inability to understand that you are actually referring to an ethnic group and not a religion . 
  but it is the raw number and why you are racist for the statement . 
  you are saying that 20 % of a population is clearly the majority . 
  the ethnic background is what is being referenced when you are calling people `` muslim '' , it 's clear because you do n't mean south/east asian people which is 62 % of the global islamic population . 
  your stance would be like saying that whenever germany does something they speak for all chrisitan 's because they are the majority there . 
  also ask yourself why you blame muslims for anything done by middle easterners when the majority of muslims do not live in the west asia they live in the south and south-east asian . 
  well , you clearly have a loose if any grasp on reality . 
  you do n't even accept an openly communist revolution as leftist , and refute the origin of the political definition left which came from france and the revolution . 
  good day . 
  what short sighted moral compass are you referring too ? 
  no-one i know on the far left is short sighted or soft-hearted , as you seem to imply . 
  treating people like people is not weak , although it is `` left '' . 
  western europe does owe much of what it is to the exploitation of everywhere else , do you not know what happened in africa and the americas ? 
  as for kindness , what undeserved kindness do you know comes from the actual left ? 
  the left of course is ; the side that over-threw the french government , the side that overthrew russian rule , and finally the side that has been responsible for numerous revolutions in south america . 
  the left is n't soft like you think , it is just fair to everyone and does n't demonize people for no reason . 
  do we have to have a lesson on colonialism and wealth/resource extraction ? 
  in order to correct your gross misunderstanding of the difference between an established modern economy and a rapidly modernizing economy i would have to teach a class to you . 
  something i am unwilling to do . 
  sorry , i thought you realized that economies are not zero sum . 
  sure it wo n't be fixed over night , but what kind of idiot thinks any crisis of this magnitude can be dealt with instantly ? 
  remember japan where they did n't engage/encourage immigrants and their population and economy is looking at numerous issues because of this ? 
  http://geronj.oxfordjournals.org/content/47/3/s98.short http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/s0922142502000178 and one about eu migration from the perspective i just used : http://www.jstor.org/stable/2138166?seq=1#page_scan_tab_contents, 
  that 's simplistic and short term , but dead on for that type of review . 
  long term you end up with more people purchasing which increases overall jobs which , if handled properly , results in larger employment overall which allows an aging population to retire and not harm the economy . 
  western europe needs to remember that they are aging . 
  they also need to remember that more people consuming means more jobs to produce in most cases . 
  edit : apparently i have to point out that there is a built in assumption here that not all increased wealth from refugees purchasing things will go to those who are at the top . 
  or maybe this sub has n't heard about discretionary spending and does n't understand that as people get more discretionary spending they tend to spend more . 
  are you denying the trail of tears , smallpox blankets , or the actual wars with the native americans ? 
  as for the german past , maybe next time one accuses a group of people of something one should make sure one is not so wrong that they are literally the opposite of correct . 
  in this case , germany has literally pushed it 's citizens into other places to make them `` more german '' . 
  to pretend that people fleeing wars are somehow similar in their `` attacks '' on german culture as was done above in the comments is not only ridiculous but a blatant disregard of germany 's own actions in the mostly recent past . 
  i 'm not calling modern germans nazi 's , but i am pointing out that less than 100 years ago the germans were more active and effective at what these refugees are being accused of . 
  i am not unaware that france has done similar things in response to the alsace/lorraine territory disputes ( although much less killing that the other two examples ) . 
  similarly the us has done as much to native american populations , and there are plenty more examples . 
  the difference is each of these were orchestrated by governments , not people fleeing war zones . 
  as for why germany was the topic of my point , that is because germany was the topic of discussion . 
  discussing history as it relates to current events is not persecuting your precious country . 
  if you are unwilling to discuss actual events and how they pertain ( or do n't pertain ) to what is occurring maybe a debate in politics is not for you . 
  native american 's were also wiped out by genocide perpetrated by the us gov. 
  unless you are suggesting that immigrants will start killing thousands and forcing them to move ( something germany has done in the last 100 years ) you are in fact very wrong with your equivalency to the native americans . 
  he has to ignore 50 years of global policy to claim that rational actors will make the right decision , so it 's a good bet to ignore him . 
  we have known lead in gas was bad but the `` rational actors '' ignored it for years . 
  we have known cigarettes cause cancer and are bad for you but the `` rational actors '' still tried to sell them to kids . 
  we have known humans were causing climate change for decades but the `` rational actors '' still lobbied against it . 
  it 's nice and easy to say the market is perfect , but it 's very clear when you look at the past 100 years alone that `` rational actors '' do not usually work quick enough to prevent the big issues from occurring first . 
  so it 's not only easy to ignore him , it 's actually dangerous to take anything he said seriously . 
   you have to read through political lines . 
  no , absolutely not . 
  either we are supposed to believe what elected officials say or we are not . 
  if you are arguing that we can not trust what any politician says then you are arguing against democracy and i ca n't sustain that because our other options give us less control . 
  what we should do is hold our representatives accountable for what they said and elect people based on what they actually say and if they follow through . 
  to claim that it does n't matter what they say during the election cycle because they can do whatever they want afterwards is increadibly undemocratic and dangerous . 
  there is a reason we have forms of checks . 
   you leftists fail at absolutely everything you do , you 're absolutely unaware of history and that 's fine , but history has continuously fallen further `` left '' . 
  climate change is real , but rational acting is for companies to ignore it and make profits because they will all be dead when it finally hits a head , but our children wo n't be dead and neither will the countries . 
  the only option i can think of to deal with that would be even heavier tariffs for doing business with us companies to off-set their increased co2 usage . 
  which means you better get excited for your ocean front west germany property !, 
  i think that 's an artifact of listening to a language that is n't your first . 
  i would swear people are mumbling when they do n't speak english around me yet everyone else swears the speaker is fine . 
  my german is about as good as google translate is for a lot of my emails , which is to say i 've had to ask friends to help me translate things before . 
  germans turn phrases in a format that does n't always do so well with gt . 
  no it literally does unless you mean the definition of `` murder '' is the definition of murder in which case take your tautological shit and leave as that is n't a conversation . 
  if you kill someone it is murder , unless it is manslaughter . 
  so the entire point i made , that the dictionary definition of murder could be the legal definition of murder or the legal definition of manslaughter , is correct and you have done ** nothing ** to show an other answer . 
   murder is murder that is what i replied too . 
  legally we have different levels of killing people . 
  accidentally killing someone is different than intentionally regardless of culture . 
  i did n't give a value judgement on * this * case , just on the nearsightedness of the post above me . 
  caught and punished does n't mean `` punished a specific degree '' it means there was a punishment . 
  the severity does n't matter much . 
  ignoring that this case is being kicked up the chain not away from it , if the kids have had any punishment at all they fall under the `` being punished '' part . 
  that includes some jail time or what-not . 
  the us we disagrees , that 's why they have `` manslaughter '' charges . 
   so while this might be the best for the perpetrators , the question is , is it best for society if `` would be rapists '' are not deterred . 
  http://nij.gov/five-things/pages/deterrence.aspx looks like punishment is n't really part of the deal at all . 
   also their is no way russia pay for a war . 
  yes , but europe would have to deal with a large lack of erdgas , which would be hugely detrimental in the winter . 
  the writer is non-native and probably german . 
  it 's a mistake i hear surprisingly often over here . 
  the writer meant `` unlike '' . 
  based on everything i have read i would say yes , although i am much more familiar with soveriegn citizens myself . 
  honestly i thought i had left that shit when i moved . 
   maybe because these religions do n't glorify and justify violence under certain circumstances . 
  maybe they are more educated and in general less religious anymore . 
  what ? 
  you mean there is n't a christian terrorist group in africa using the bible for it 's purposes ? 
  or people burning and killing others while using the bible to call them witches ? 
  have you not paid any attention to central and southern africa in the past 10 years ? 
  we do n't even have to get into judaism and the violent conflict that is currently going on in israel due to it 's holy book disagreeing with the islamic holy book . 
  all of the religions advocate violence for some reason , do n't pretend only islam does . 
  if the germany government feels that vw should be around after such an aggressious act against their citizens yet the fine cant be paid i would imagine the german government should believe in vw enough to offer them a loan on a repayment plan . 
  this would allow vw to keep operating yet give the german government the ability to make money for operating costs as long as vw survives . 
  or the german government does n't believe vw can come back from it in which case liquidating assets to pay for their damage should n't be such a big deal .
