  this would allow the temporary peaks to be localized to the near-by ev 's both reducing losses because of the short distances and allowing better optimization of power plants which wo n't need to ramp up and down as often as they do now . 
  also fun are microgrids , this would allow neighborhoods to work in small areas on their own as needed included optional local storage . 
  maybe your street has a battery made specifically for leveling out peaks or grid disconnects . 
  with enough information ( and we have it ) you can design best use algorithms to encourage load useage over the day . 
  maybe everyone loads their washing machine at 8am and the grid is smart enough to turn on your washer at sometime before noon for optimal energy use . 
  things like this seem small but with large deployment you can start seeing large savings overall . 
  of course security and privacy matter , but those do n't change the general application . 
  hvdc grids are also a good discussion . 
  as most things are or will be dc , moving to dc is a smart choice . 
  additionally , dc has fewer losses so you need even less energy generation ( ~ 3 % on recent estimates ) . 
  these savings add up , and it 's not even all the options . 
  all of these things i 'm talking about are 1-2 % alone and they are n't even real ` changes ' outside of how we do things . 
  imagine if all of these changes are tacked on top of storage implementation in the sense of fly-wheel storage or geothermal . 
  really i think a unified eu energy policy is the best way . 
  we have a unified currency , but we see how much the lack of currency policy hurts . 
  likewise we have a unified energy plan ( 50hz , voltages are agreed upon , etc ) but we do n't have a real plan which is where the smart savings can show up . 
  line transmission of power is n't too bad actually , it 's better than any other way i have seen . 
  you may be thinking of hvdc which i touched upon . 
  it 's pretty awesome in general since it can be switched to ac with fewer losses than ac itself would incur over large distances ( few hundred km at least ) . 
  efficiency ratings are above 90 % for dc and maybe 89 % for ac . 
  inside cities you need to use ac at the moment , but it 's actually pretty efficient as i mentioned already . 
  using liquid nitrogen you can get a lot of power out of small amounts of materials while at the same time nitrogen venting into the atmosphere is n't a problem ( already 78 % ) . 
  last i heard it was cost effective but the cost of the risk was so high because of how little implementation it has had . 
  in the energy sector your first few implementations are very hard to do . 
  often `` dummy '' line will be used just for proof of concept . 
  i 've seen 5 km lines parallel to working lines just so the company can show the experimental lines have worked for 15 years without trouble already . 
  this is what i do so i get a bit excited over it . 
  sorry for the walls . 
  my problem here is that you ( and everyone else ) is n't factoring in the carbon cost of doing things that way . 
  it is a problem we will have to deal with , or the world will become a very hostile place for us humans . 
  so this is n't generally true . 
  we have fantastic forcasting on when we will have renewables and which power they will produce . 
  additionally , we can overbuild capacity and support the few downturns we do have with quick-response generators and batteries ( generally not electro-chemical here ) . 
  when you saw renewables you think solar i 'm sure , but wind is very important as well and between the two of them they cover generation throughout the day pretty well . 
  [ note wind speed is time invariant compared to pv ] ( http://www.omafra.gov.on.ca/english/engineer/facts/03-047f3.gif ) . 
  so we end up with generation throughout the day with peak production during daylight hours thanks to pv . 
  most of the complaints about renewables not being enough also ignore the carbon costs of other generation methods . 
  a simply carbon tax based on what it costs to remove the carbon different generation sources create also would clear this up fast . 
  renewables are just cheaper than you think . 
  yes storage is needed , but not at the level i hear people generally suggest . 
  in fact there are many unique and novel ways we could store much of that energy , but we could also build out a large grid to distribute it based on peak load over the continent as well ( super helpful , especially in the us ) . 
  for example portugal and sweden are 2 hours apart , so swedens main power usage is about 2 hours different from portugals letting countries share that a bit with a more unified eu energy policy may help decrease the total amount needed ( although by how much i ca n't say ) . 
  i agree with the nuclear comment , my point on it initially was that it 's politically untenable to meet our current needs , not that there is something wrong with the physics . 
  the fear creates over-complex and - engineered items so that people feel safer even when not needed . 
  for example properly placed fear on the effect carbon release is having on the world would make nuclear look better , but still not better than renewables generally do due to their lack of downsides health-wise . 
  build out is the term for building things . 
  in this case renewables build-out just means the building and install of the renewables and the associated infrastructure ( switching stations , connective lines , etc ) . 
  everything takes time , but renewables do n't take that long to roll out especially when compared to nuclear power . 
  i 'm not suggest we can build it out within a few months , but 2 years to install hundreds of mw 's is completely attainable with proper investment . 
  heating is easy to do with electricity . 
  in fact electricity is about 100 % efficient for heating while gas is around 80 % . 
  just got ta produce the electricity . 
  it 's not a long way off , it just requires a build out . 
  we have the general amount of data we need to forecast our needs we just need to start buying ( this includes supporting infrastructure ) . 
  i 've heard that a 1c tax/tonneco2 makes german coal too expensive to continue to run when compared to renewables today . 
  unfortunately nuclear is pretty much dead in the water for our future generation needs . 
  renewables are cheap now and the public fear of nuclear makes it too expensive to build in comparison to renewables . 
  no-one is forcing these countries to use russias gas . 
  if these countries do n't want to be under russias thumb they just need to expand their own energy infrastructure and use it to heat as well . 
  it 's not like there are no other options , people just get uncomfortable when you suggest doing what actually needs to be done to break fossil fuel dependence . 
  do you , for example , suggest the eu give generous subsidy to central european countries to build out their own renewable system ? 
  it 's not cheap , but it 's what is needed to break carbon based energy production . 
  a carbon tax would do it as well , but people get just as squeamish there . 
  it absolutely does make sense . 
  if the something sells for 4 dollars and you need 3 dollars to eat in the eu but 5 to eat in the us , the eu is relatively making more money on the sale than the us is . 
  ergo , ppp makes sense . 
  as i 've said , i have my issues with ppp using too many luxury goods in the basket , but that does n't mean the idea is trash . 
  the fact is it 's generally cheaper to live in europe , or at least germany , so using ppp makes more sense . 
  you always pull outliers out if there is no other datum near them . 
  that was taught in my first grade class when we learned mean , average , and mode . 
  you also do it in research , if one piece of data out of 30 is n't clustered , then you can assume there is something special about that 1 datum and usually do n't use it to extrapolate for the remaining 29 . 
  why do you think europe ca n't defend itself it has a nuclear arsenal , gdp per capitia is a fallacious metric , and what makes you think europe is n't bleeding edge in research ? 
  do you think nothing special is coming out of europe ? 
  most of the research the world will be using is coming out of germany in terms of renewable infrastructure . 
  the problem with claiming research is n't happening somewhere is that you have to be invested in the research to actually know what 's going on and what 's important . 
  i can only talk to a small section of research , but it exists more heavily in germany than the us for sure . 
  in fact the us companies that are doing the work are partnering with german counter-parts in order to get things done well . 
  http://economics.mit.edu/files/9922 it does n't , the rates are about equal for children being born ( this is good ) . 
  the problem is care afterwards where the us picks up it 's discrepancy ( this is bad ) . 
  read the paper if you want to know more . 
  i see your point , but if you pull the outlier of greece out it seems the eu would still be on par generally with the us . 
  3 seem to be more than 1-2 points lower than the us while 7 are higher ( ca n't really be a point higher ) and a large number are clustered right below the us . 
  i would prefer a per capita breakdown weight , but i do n't have the time for that . 
  why do you think the eu needs a specific person in charge to be a leader of the free world ^ tm ? 
  to me it seems the eu is the defacto leader of the eu ( compare gdp 's ) . 
  the eu has ~ 20 trillion gdp adjusted ( which i think * undersells the real ppp , but eh ) when compared to the us 's 18 . 
  i know that 's a gross simplification , but in almost every considersation the eu wins . 
  life expectancy , infant mortality , happiness , and others . 
  hell the us and cuba are next to each other in life expectancy , that 's huge . 
  the us is on par with bolivia for infant mortality , which should be more disturbing since it 's # 38 globally compared to cubas ' # 31 ranking . 
  basically the us is surprisingly low in almost every ranking i can think of which should matter to citizens , but since the us keeps buying large fireworks ( read munitions ) much of the population thinks they are the best . 
  edit : how is the eu lacking real military power without the cookie-biscuits army ? 
  they still have nuclear deterrents ( france ) , really the only thing it loses is force projection with is a different argument completely . 
   why would n't you want to invest internally and have a highly educated populace ? 
  i ca n't really help you with that question seeing as most of my country still thinks of education and non-leaded water as a luxury and not a right . 
  ok , now why does that impact the rest of the formerly eastern bloc countries that are also strong on putting out highly educated adults and are also heavily investing internally ? 
  it 's not like poland does n't have the premier story telling company at the moment . 
  if i had to guess i would say since the eastern bloc fell and the east saw both rapid leaps as their infrastructure was brought back into modern terms and the need to change their education systems so systemically , the countries then noticed that the huge difference in sol for their citizens when they modernized showed what a boon being modern was to their average citizen . 
  with that basic ( unless you 're in the us i guess ) understanding , it 's hardly a surprise to see how much [ inward investment formerly eastern bloc countries tend to have . 
  ] ( https://www.ft.com/content/e99daf62-90a7-11e6-a72e-b428cb934b78 ) this investment generally shows up in the form of educated workers and not rnd , so you have a population generally well informed but not in place to abuse their information ( large manufacturer of these devices , for example ) .
