  `` they called me ` the cassandra ''' said mr. giannitsis of the headlines during his unpopular push for reforming the pension system . 
  cassandra , in the greek myth , was a clairvoyant doomed to always be right , but never believed . 
  she went crazy . 
  if it was put to the european tax payers greece would n't have many sympathizers . 
  until the first guy arranges a mugging . 
  it 's not going to stop them . 
  good to see they finally released euclid from [ shawshank ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/incoming/article9706513.ece/binary/original/the-shawshank-redemption.jpg ), 
  hey now . 
   the dutch prime minister , mark rutte , warned athens that if it does not accept the creditors ' reform demands `` it is over '' . 
  `` did greeks really think that if they voted no , we would come and ask : ` how else would you like it ? ''' he said same question i was asking myself . 
  schaeuble is stroking it as we speak, 
  no guts no glory . 
  did i really have to put '' / s '' at the end ? 
   what 's the motive ? 
  just like how the turkish opposition gives credit to the akp for the economic developments / s. 
  greek politicians and the platforms on which they were elected seem to be aliens placed clandestinely in greece without the knowledge of the people . 
  greece is beating both of you . 
  life itself is a bazaar . 
  turkey took in 2 million syrian refugees . 
  during the kobani crisis turkey took in 200,000 kurds . 
  that shows the percentage e.g. 
  if the armenian population of armenia is 95 % with a total of 3 million what 's the percentage of armenian diaspora in the rest of the world with a total of 11 million and which total is greater ? 
  those statistics would highlight armenia as red and the rest of the world as a very light pink . 
  need to see the face, 
  think of this scenario . 
  south east of turkey is turned into a kurdistan however the majority of the kurds live in the western and central part of turkey and have not moved to the new kurdistan . 
  20 years down the line , these kurds just like the previous kurds say they want an autonomous region where kurds are a majority in istanbul or in central turkey and if turkey does n't grant these autonomous regions or `` cantons '' then they will start terrorism again against turkey and this time they have an independent kurdistan which will back them up with money and weapons . 
  why would turks accept this ? 
  if kurds want a separate homeland it 's a one time deal , separation and no more dealing with kurdish terrorism and independence demands and this way everyone will be happy . 
  [ austerity has n't hit the greek hanky panky underwear market yet ] ( http://i.imgur.com/tj4to7i.png ), 
  they wo n't go . 
  even the kurds who say they support the pkk would refuse to live under their control . 
  they want turkey to be split with a kurdistan in the south east and watch it from a distance while they kick it in istanbul . 
  if you guys pay attention many of the kurds actually have turkish names , speak fluent turkish and do n't speak kurdish at all . 
  the pkk supporting mayor of the biggest kurdish majority city in turkey ( diyarbakir ) admitted his kids do n't speak kurdish to him , only turkish . 
  also let me add that many ministers , many mps from all parties , many singers , actors , businessmen are kurdish . 
  there 's no discrimination . 
  it 's a really odd situation . 
  turks have had enough though , many would welcome a separation if it would mean the end of terrorism and end of seeing terrorist supporters in the parliament ( the other day they refused to sing the national anthem at the swearing in ceremony ) . 
  many isis members are kurdish themselves . 
  they say that now because they ca n't afford to go fully independent as they lack the resources . 
  `` autonomy '' just means `` i 'm biding my time until i get my shit together '' . 
  the problem is the majority of the kurds now live in the western part of turkey and not the traditional south east . 
  the only way the secession would work would be to have all the kurds move to the south east and then give them the south east to create their own country , this idea would be supported by a lot of turks . 
   half a month ago a man screaming allahu akbar in istanbul tried to burn down a church . 
  i submitted it to / r/europe [ 1 ] and it was delisted by everyone 's favourite francophone as `` random local news '' . 
  the mods were right . 
  he was a mental health patient who burnt the door of a church . 
  it 's great , let the people decide and own the responsibility . 
  if the venetians were n't actually bombing the parthenon no gunpowder would be lit now would it . 
   http://www.shaunriordan.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/06/image2.jpg, 
  two years you say, 
  [ `` why ca n't greeks live like romanians ? 
  why do they need so much money ? 
  realization is slowly creeping in . 
  it might already be too late though . 
  application itself was an advancement of the science . 
  it was n't an extension of a proven technology . 
  if a country now develops a combustion engine it 's not an advancement of the science since we know all about it , it 's just an engineering and manufacturing challenge but if a country develops a warp drive that would be advancement of the science itself . 
  so the manhattan project did n't contribute to the science you say . 
  innovation can be a nice little side benefit . 
  [ it 's pretty accurate at its core ] ( http://i.imgur.com/u08xlaz.png ), 
  and humble too . 
  hey every dollar counts . 
  bingo , that worked . 
  thanks . 
  yeah why is mine missing the left arm ? 
  i copied your one and it 's still missing it . 
  turkish economy grew for 22 consecutive quarters . 
  we privatized a lot to pay off the imf debt so that we would n't pay more interest on it . 
  you guys do n't want to privatize either and europeans wo n't give us any free money so no deal sorry . 
  then you 'll ask us to pay your debts . 
  with all these news pieces i think europe is preparing the ground work for this \u00af \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af after greece defaults . 
   yeah , because i 'm sure the pkk lined up all those 40,000 people and put a bullet in each and every one of them . 
  the turkish army in its 30 years of counter-insurgency never once killed a single human being . 
  yeah because the al qaeda lined up all its victims and put a bullet in each and every one of them . 
  the us army in its 70 year middle east meddling never once killed a single human being . 
   thanks for taking war refugees from a city that was less than a kilometre from your border , i guess ? 
  nice sarcasm while europe cries about every north african immigrant that washes up on its shores from across the pond . 
   do n't get me wrong , the refugee efforts of the neighbouring countries in syria are admirable . 
  oh this makes it up for the sarcasm . 
   it 's not like i 'm advocating europe not help people while shitting on turkey for not helping people enough . 
  well pardon me because all i saw was shitting on turkey , show me the part where you 've been advocating europe to help again ? 
  you 're shitting on turkey with this thread you posted , show me your other posts where you 're advocating for direct european involvement ? 
  let 's see how balanced you 've been . 
   ypg 's success in fighting in syria , due to its affiliation with the pkk , is in the long term a bad thing ( as far as turkish authorities are concerned ) . 
  best outcome for turkish authorities then is isis and kurds to wear eachother down . 
  exactly . 
  why should turks try to help the pkk ? 
  do you guys realize that the pkk is responsible for 40,000 deaths in turkey ? 
  it seems like it 's a bit of a joke for you guys . 
  it 's like asking the us to help al qaeda because `` isis is worse than them '' . 
  they 're both terrorists . 
  by the way turkey took in 200,000 kurdish civilians from kobane to save them from the conflict not including the 2 million syrian civilians it took in . 
  where 's the god damn appreciation ? 
  `` no turks you go and get killed fighting the isis barbarians and we 'll watch you from home . '', 
  if europeans are really that worried they can take the 2 million syrians off turkey 's hands since they 're not offering any sufficient humanitarian aid either or even send soldiers to fight the isis douche bags . 
  they can easily arrange to have european troops deployed to iraq and syria . 
  1 trillion dollar one or the 2 trillion dollar one ? 
  i did n't see this coming .
