they 're not getting attacked because they 're kurdish ignoramus . 
  they 're getting attacked because they 're the political arm of the pkk terrorist organisation which they openly support and try to prevent operations against the terrorists who 've been killing turks daily in hit and run attacks and scurrying away like rats . 
  did i also mention that the head of the turkish intelligence is kurdish ? 
  the head of the main opposition is kurdish you ignoramus . 
  is that why turkey 's finance minister is kurdish ? 
  half of the mps are kurdish ? 
  prominent presidents turgut ozal and ismet inonu were kurdish ? 
  if you do n't know anything about a topic , stop talking shit . 
  not the mama . 
  wow 7,000 . 
  turkey has 2 million syrian refugees . 
  `` worse growth '', 
  in fact i was saying the article is ridiculous for saying people are avoiding turkey and flocking to greece when turkey last year received 41 million tourists twice as much as greece . 
  the tourism numbers in turkey have been steadily increasing . 
  do you understand now ? 
  all these articles are have a hidden anti turkish bias which you seem to share . 
  you must be a moron not understanding what you 're claiming . 
  i 'm not hating on greece , i wish the best for them . 
  it 's you hating on turkey . 
  by that rationale only 32 million tourists visited uk , that means uk sucks . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tourism_in_the_united_kingdom greece has tourism and shipping and nothing else . 
  turks are getting attacked by the pkk on a daily basis but apparently they 're supposed to put all their resources in fighting isis instead who they 're also fighting . 
  the other day isis threatened turkey as well , yet turks are still the bad guys and morons continually post anti turkish articles without knowing anything of the related topics . 
  this article is ridiculous , 41 million tourists visited turkey last year . 
  how many visited greece ? 
  you 're a comedian . 
  why could n't the evil turkish soldiers just let these pkk members attack and kill them with their rpgs . 
  it sounds like you did n't read the article and have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  it 's the other way around , the us asked turkey to stop bombing isis . 
   the united states officially asked turkey to stop its independent aerial strikes against islamic state of iraq and the levant ( isil ) positions in syria until it actively joins an international coalition so as to ensure coordination between the turkish army and coalition members . 
  we 're carving up the turkish map now are we . 
  so pkk attacks the turks , turks respond but in reality it was just a sneaky plan by erdogan to get pkk to attack turks , have i got that right ? 
  [ greece escaping the grexit ] ( https://i.imgur.com/ihat0tv.jpg ), 
  jesse never had to face the wrath of schauble , varoufakis can handle it . 
  he enjoys the spot light . 
  let him come out of the woodwork and be grilled by / r/europe . 
  honestly i think he 'll enjoy it too . 
  only if he buys his wife a helmet . 
  i think so too . 
  http://i.imgur.com/1aiozca.jpg http://anonhq.com/charlie-hebdo-fired-anti-semitic-cartoonist-ridiculing-judaism-2009/, 
  you 're not serious are you ? 
  what a hurtful thing to say . 
  what percentage of ethnic russians are muslims ? 
  simply put , yes they are . 
   you do n't seem to understand how bailout works . 
  if they pay off your debt there is more money left for your unsustainable pensions !, 
  i see many greeks simply disowning the greek debt . 
  this is the issue in comprehension of the problem . 
  they keep repeating most of the debt goes to the bailouts , bailouts that greece has applied for to pay greek debts . 
  i ca n't believe i 'm still seeing the same arguments here . 
  total deflection of real issues . 
  you ca n't make major governmental decisions because your feelings are hurt . 
  greece should 've implemented these reforms years ago and it 's in greece 's interest to implement them within the euro zone instead of outside where it has to implement them anyway . 
  it 's a no brainer . 
  she 's a roma girl from a roma world always inspected , simply tragic . 
  ... she 's a roma girl from a roma world she can brush hair , but she 's watched everywhere these accusations , it 's all in your imagination . 
  poor guy honestly . 
  this is pro greek . 
  there were greek politicians with foresight who saw the dangers coming . 
  the article : athens -- a note from greece 's finance minister to his prime minister warned that the country needed tough economic overhauls if its economy was to live up to its european aspirations . 
  `` we can take on the task to truly lead the country to a european direction , on condition that the greeks -- those who are living well , not those who are suffering -- will make the necessary sacrifices , '' the finance minister wrote . 
  that was in september 1996 . 
  the finance minister was alekos papadopoulos and the prime minister was konstantinos simitis , but the letter could have been written today . 
  in the past quarter century , greece has had a handful of reformist politicians who foresaw the problems that are now threatening the nation with bankruptcy . 
  their reform proposals were fought by their colleagues in parliament and savaged by the media and labor unions . 
  they invariably found themselves sidelined . 
  greece 's international creditors , the eurozone and the international monetary fund , have long been insisting that the country push forward , ignoring vested interests , with `` structural '' reforms . 
  they are demanding deep changes to the rules and habits of government , both within the state apparatus and in its interactions with citizens and the private sector , for example via taxation , professional licensing or pensions . 
  since the eruption of greece 's debt crisis in 2010 , successive governments have prioritized fiscal austerity -- trying to raise government revenue and cut expenditure -- instead of tackling deeper reforms of the system head on . 
  many foreign officials involved in greece 's ill-starred bailout efforts over the past five years say they have learned what greece 's past would-be reformist politicians always knew : in greece , hurting vested interests is harder than taxing citizens to death . 
  mr. papadopoulos learned that early on . 
  he held three senior cabinet positions between 1993 and 2002 , and passed key reforms as finance , home affairs and health minister . 
  as finance minister , he brought in a team from the u.s. internal revenue service , which consulted greece on how to set up its own tax-crime squad . 
  he introduced taxis , the digitized tax platform greeks still use today . 
  his tenure marked some of the first important steps greece took toward a modern tax system . 
  they were also among the last . 
  tax avoidance , evasion and fraud are now fingered by greece 's international creditors as chronic problems keeping greece from recovery and growth . 
  by 2002 , mr. papadopoulos , who was elected with the center-left pasok party , could see greece was veering off the track he had try to put it on as finance minister . 
  he had been part of the pasok effort to lead greece into the euro area , and felt at the time that the country was bingeing on the cheap credit that had come with the common european currency . 
  just as the euphoria of spending euros was spreading through greek society , mr. papadopoulos told mr. simitis the country 's finances were out of control . 
  they fell out and mr. papadopoulos resigned from the cabinet . 
  `` my fight with simitis came because in 2002 , instead of accelerating reforms within the euro , they stopped completely . 
  the way things were being managed in the economy was leading us straight to bankruptcy , '' he said , resting his head on his hand at a quiet cafe in central athens . 
  mr. papadopoulos 's cotton-white hair is testament to his battles : `` i was attacked in brutal ways even by my comrades inside pasok whose constituents were upset because of the reforms i was passing . 
  it came at an enormous personal cost . '' tassos giannitsis is no stranger to this kind of war : his tenure as labor minister was more short lived , and the battles against him even more visceral . 
  mr. giannitsis in 2001 , again in the pasok government led by mr. simitis , put forward a comprehensive proposal to reform the pension system . 
  trade unions , opposition parties and pasok itself unleashed menace on mr. giannitsis . 
  ` they called me ` the cassandra '' -- former greek labor minister tassos giannitsis `` giannitsis was annihilated after his pension-reform proposals . 
  there are few precedents for this kind of universal attack on a politician , '' said loukas tsoukalis , a prominent economics professor here . 
  mr. giannitsis 's proposals , which would have reduced the pension levels greeks receive and made the system overall more sustainable given the country 's demographic and labor-force trends , were never taken to parliament . 
  `` from the fridge to the bin ! '' said the front page of newspaper to vima on april 28 , 2001 , as the frozen pension-reform plan was scrapped for good . 
  `` when i told my colleagues in the cabinet about the reforms i was proposing -- which mind you were not the toughest available -- the attitude i got was that i was spoiling the party , '' mr. giannitsis said in an interview . 
  `` they were , like , ` everything is going great right now , why are you bothering us with a problem that may implode in a decade ? ''' mr. giannitsis had one supporter in that cabinet meeting : mr. papadopoulos , who not only agreed that the reforms were necessary , but famously added that they should be tougher , with deeper cuts to pensions and an overhaul of benefits , because what mr. giannitsis was proposing was `` peanuts '' compared with what was needed . 
  stefanos manos , a market-oriented politician on the conservative end of the political spectrum , came before messrs papadopoulos and giannitsis and left a legacy of overhauls in privatizations , tax administration , opening of closed markets like mobile telephony , and reforms of the murky land registry -- a key institution in any modern economy that however continues to be a problem in greece . 
  few senior politicians in greece have been as unpopular as mr. manos , mr. tsoukalis said . 
  in 1998 , mr. manos was kicked out of the conservative new democracy party for supporting a proposal by the opposition , pasok . 
  `` he was the one key person who so early on talked about the bloated state , the unsustainable pension system , and was blocked repeatedly because of resistance from his own party and from society , '' says mr. tsoukalis of mr. manos . 
  `` i could n't understand how so many people would want to have so much , to the detriment of the public good , '' mr. manos wrote in the foreword of his book . 
  `` i made an army of enemies . '' the firebrand mr. manos has since been involved in liberal politics in greece , with parties that seldom get more than 1.5 % of the popular vote . 
  today , more so than in their times in government , these three politicians and a few others are coming to be seen as among the minority of officials who spotted and attempted to change early on some of the core problems that have led to greece 's almost intractable crisis today .
