  same difference . 
  if you 're a european nationalist then you 're a european nationalist , you do n't have to dream of it . 
  make it happen son . 
  so you 're a european nationalist . 
  maybe he 'll dig a hole and dump 600 seeds in it and have a smoke . 
  you voted for the pkk right ? 
  turkey . 
  heheh . 
   local corruption rather than something at the national level . 
  despite what you heard from the turkish opposition on reddit ( 98 % of turks on reddit ) that 's always been the case . 
  they used it to justify their loss . 
  they lost now as well but `` not as bad as they thought they were going to '' so it 's a victory for them . 
  if they had again lost as bad as they usually do you would 've heard so many more complaints about fraud . 
  it 's a tactic they use . 
  this is from 2012 and mind you the greek recession started in 2008 :  ** from 2002 through 2006 , greece was the world 's fourth-largest importer of weapons . 
  despite the country 's ongoing debt crisis , it remains the tenth-largest military importer . 
  **  as a proportion of its gdp , greek defense spending is nearly double that of any other eu member . 
  http://rt.com/news/eu-greece-bailout-arms-spending-273/ the debt crisis started in 2009 , the request for the first bailout came in 2010 and at the same time they increased their military spending . 
  military spending as a % of gdp | 1995-1999 | 2000-2004 | 2005-2009 | 2010-2014 -- | -- | -- | -- | -- | -- greece | 2.7 | 2.5 | 2.4 | 2.5 turkey | 2.4 | 2.2 | 2.3 | 2.3 even with the looming bankruptcy greece spends more . 
  source : http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/ms.mil.xpnd.gd.zs, 
  those are common words that 's why she was embarrassed . 
  yeah ? 
  are n't you guys accusing turkey of doing that right now ? 
  so why are n't you squashing ? 
  turkey 's `` place '' is to unleash the 3 million syrians to europe . 
  then you 'll learn who needs to learn whose place . 
  assad gone and the refugees are returned home . 
  ypg totally not terrorists . 
  the greek cypriot leader makarios asked turkey to intervene to stop the greek junta 's take over . 
  get some perspective . 
  turkey has taken close to 3 million refugees on humanitarian grounds , spent 7 billion last time i checked . 
  on top of all this turkey is asked to take more in or for eu to be able to return them to turkey by bribing the turks . 
  it 's seen as the usual european hypocrisy and bias against the turks . 
  the bias is real . 
  the majority greeks had been killing minority turks for a while in order to create their enosis . 
  this is why turks had to intervene . 
  absolutely nothing . 
  `` for the second time this week , the state department rejected claims by russian president vladimir putin that turkey 's government is colluding with isis to smuggle oil across its borders . 
  `` our assessment is there is not a lot of smuggling happening of any significant volume between isil-controlled territories and turkey , '' said a senior department official speaking on background to reporters friday.the official said he believed that smuggling operations have decreased over time and credited both the turks and u.s. military strikes for making it harder for isis-controlled fuel trucks to gather in one place and smuggle oil inside syria . '', 
  the us also confirmed it yes . 
  also it did n't take me anytime to find it as you could 've if you actually did some research before spouting off claims . 
  i asked you a very simple question . 
  why is the krg saying the oil trucks entering turkey are their very own . 
  then why did krg say it was their own oil trucks going to turkey ? 
  turkey is not buying oil from isis . 
  that is ridiculous . 
  there may be individuals involved in the black market but as a state turkey is not involved . 
  turkey has been supporting the free syria army along with the united states since 2012 . 
  by your rationale you should be blaming the states but of course neglecting iran and russia for propping up a dictator . 
  he 's taken in 2 million and spent 7 billion on the refugees . 
  if you were right you 'd see what a refugee flood really was . 
  eu should be thanking the turks for all they 've done and have been doing . 
  consider the impact of an additional 2 million refugees hitting eu and that only being a start . 
  he 's not wrong . 
  how much would those refugees cost in eu . 
  tell that to reddit . 
  no there is n't . 
  in the butt, 
  improvements in economy , healthcare , education . 
  send back to turkey ? 
  turkey is n't in the eu not its problem . 
  also it 's interesting to note that turkey had suggested years ago two options to the eu : a ) let 's get rid of assad together so the syrians can stay in their country . 
  b ) turkey is housing close to 2 million refugees and have spent billions of dollars to create camps for them and that it should be assisted to bear the load . 
  both were rejected . 
  only when the refugees finally hit europe in large numbers did the eu come to turkey to discuss options again . 
  well he 's not wrong . 
  this is a good summary . 
  the russians thought they could get away with this shit with the [ turks ] ( http://i.imgur.com/gdqk9gq.gif ) . 
  he was suggesting that maybe turkey was sending soldiers to hide its oil trade with isis . 
  another reddit genius . 
  you 're not equipped to debate anything , go back to your trailer . 
  amazing . 
  simply amazing . 
  putin says has proof they 're isis . 
  so the russians can find an alternative source but turks ca n't find alternative markets . 
  good one . 
  enjoy the higher prices . 
  the prices of fruits and vegetables have already dropped by 50 % in turkey due to the russian sanctions and the subsequent reduced exports . 
  the same prices in russia will increase . 
  yes, 
  wow i 'm actually seeing some actual factual comments on / r/europe which has n't been downvoted to hell . . yet . 
  that 's exactly what 's happening , russians are bombing anyone who 's against assad and then claiming they were daesh . 
   there is a very big difference between personally financing and aiding isil and not stepping up hard enough to private citizens financing and aiding isil . 
  you guys either only hear what you want to hear or get exposed to a massive propaganda campaign against turkey . 
  only 2 months ago 2 turkish police officers died in an operation against isis within turkey . 
  http://www.cnnturk.com/turkiye/diyarbakirda-isid-operasyonu-iki-polis-sehit 3 months ago there was a joint operation against three terrorist groups ( isis , pkk and dhkp-c ) at once in 22 cities in june . 
  590 people were arrested , majority from the pkk but also a lot from isis . 
  the head of isis in istanbul was arrested : http://www.aljazeera.com.tr/haber/22-ilde-3-orgute-operasyon-590-gozalti in november : turkey arrests 8 isis suspects at airport , thwarting their attempt to sneak into europe as ` refugees ' http://www.christiantoday.com/article/turkey.arrests.8.isis.suspects.at.airport.thwarting.their.attempt.to.sneak.into.europe.as.refugees/71194.htm turkish police have arrested 20 people suspected of links to the islamic state group in antalya a week before the city hosts a g20 summit , reports say . 
  http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-34744060 in return turkey gets insults and slander . 
  the country you 're so righteously talking about took in 2 million refugees , spent 6 billion dollars on of its own money to build camps to house and feed them while the europeans are freaking out over a few thousand . 
  it 's obvious who does n't believe in human rights . 
  directly or indirectly . 
  there 's a propaganda war taking place . 
  yeah if putin says so, 
  yeah russia just murdered 40 + civilians , this is a war crime . 
  russia should be prosecuted, 
  you 're quoting anf . 
  anf is pkk terrorists ' news source . 
  they constantly lie . 
  if the turkish police fired into the crowd , were they just bad shots ?
