he is as far from pro-russian as it gets . 
  he has a lot of authority among local terrorist organizations and keeps them in check in exchange for receiving immense funding from federal government . 
  `` breaking arch '' was a thing a decade ago , nowadays official repos are completely airtight and updates do not cause any trouble , provided your system is managed correctly and you do n't just - syu twice a year . 
  it 's funny when incompetent people repeat stale unfounded clich\u00e9 phrases . 
  hertog jan is nice , grolsch is tolerable , the rest is piss . 
  microbreweries in amsterdam are outstanding , though . 
  shame you ca n't get their product anywhere else . 
  so , what you are saying is population is responsible for every action of its government . 
  next time just post `` i 'm 15 years old and very smart '' , so i do n't waste my time . 
  being an expat with lots of connections and actually visiting russia every now and then , i 'd argue i 'm infinitely more fit to comment on the situation than some frothing internet justice warrior . 
  blaming russians for the ukraine situation is as sane as blaming every frenchman for the crimes of vichy regime . 
  you know absolutely fuck all what most russians understand or not . 
  i doubt anyone would object if you tried to pay thousands of euros for a sandwich in france . 
  strasbourg is absolutely fantastic . 
  indulge yourself and visit this gem of a city at least once in your life . 
   clogging festival that 's one really exciting plumbers ' competition . 
  yeah , it 's hard to argue with people , whose geographical expertise comes from reading wikipedia articles . 
  it is entirely wrong . 
  the rightmost bright orange part is russian far east and has nothing to do with siberia . 
  russian far east covers over 3 million square kilometers and has virtually nothing to do with siberia except for the fact that eastern part of the latter is included in administrative district for statistical and economical reasons . 
  please stop spreading bullshit . 
   siberia stretches to the pacific coastline at least use google before embarrassing yourself . 
  there 's many things one could complain about in munich , but `` being in a sea of nothing '' certainly is n't one of them . 
  half a million can buy you a 3-bedroom within 10 walking minutes of altstadt . 
  munich is surely expensive , but there 's no need to exaggerate so blatantly . 
   he has enabled the proper atmosphere did he light some scented candles and put on george michael in the supreme court ? 
   germany are only in this for germany that is rich coming from a brit . 
   an appeal-to-authority fallacy is actually in the context of logical reasoning . 
  you ca n't just smash words together and expect them to make sense . 
  gema is love , gema is life . 
  she 's also probably tired of the clown fiesta organised by tsipras & co. 
  yes , but only friesland is orange . 
  scrub , please . 
  get plutocratic , then switch to offensive and the dutch are unstoppable . 
  ams and muc . 
  no competition . 
  really ? 
  * really ? 
  in this subreddit mentioning ttip is a standard way to summon savannajeff . 
  this conclusion is a testament to the fact that neither the author nor you know how to interpret statistical data . 
  all the graphs are actually showing that uk is behind on social spending , be it private or public . 
  it is also repeated many times in textual form . 
  the only thing the last diagram shows is that a major portion of spending in uk is managed by the government , whereas in most other countries this task is devolved to independent social funds . 
  the sheer volume of spending in percent of gdp is still one of the lowest ones in western europe and actually lies below the eu average . 
  all of this can be found in [ oecd ] ( http://www.oecd.org/social/expenditure.htm ) as well as [ eurostat ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/tgm/refreshtableaction.do?tab=table&amp;plugin=1&amp;pcode=tec00026&amp;language=en ) data . 
  both sourced in your article . 
  so once again , study the material before arguing instead of making snide remarks and a fool out of yourself . 
  did you even bother to read your own links ? 
  of all the western european countries only ireland and switzerland spend less on welfare than uk . 
  it was true in 2007 , it is true in [ 2015 ] ( http://www.oecd.org/social/expenditure.htm ) . 
  the original question was about uk . 
  what does bavaria have to do with it ? 
  sometimes it 's better to chew , than talk . 
  uk spends less on social welfare than any other country in western europe , while cost of living is only surpassed by scandinavia and switzerland . 
  please stop talking out of your ass . 
   bayern  reasonably priced ha ha ha , oh wow, 
  ah yes , like the old saying goes - `` it 's better to be rich and healthy , than poor and sick '' . 
  marvellous thread full of [ * neidige sauprei\u00dfn * ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ioliu2ni66w ) . 
  it does , if you consider that laparoscopic heart surgery has been a thing for nearly 20 years . 
  british people have been force fed `` the evil eu '' narrative for a better part of a decade now . 
  there is no doubt eu has many flaws and needs a lot of fixing , yet i 'm sure the brexit issue would n't be as big as it is today , had it not been for the constant scapegoating by her majesty 's government . 
  i know . 
  that is exactly what i posted . 
  go to the bathroom . 
  you would n't loudly fart amidst dining people and the auditory effect is largely the same . 
  passports are only checked and/or stamped when entering or leaving schengen . 
  it 's fairly safe to assume he took a flight back to london . 
  blowing your nose in public . 
  when i first moved to germany it was quite shocking to hear someone loudly fill a hanky with snot in a caf\u00e9 / restaurant . 
  got somewhat used to it over time , but still do n't understand , why is it considered acceptable etiquette . 
  nice link . 
  literally the next paragraph after your quote :  in his interview with abc news , the ex pakistani prime minister and chief of army pervez musharraf said that western countries , chiefly usa and united kingdom , had given aid of about 20 billion dollars during the 1980s to pakistan specifically for training taliban personnel and providing them with arms and ammunition . 
  please , save your preachy nonsense about protecting democracy for the children . 
  us has orchestrated plenty of coups , toppling democratically elected governments in chile , brazil , guatemala and installing loyal dictators solely to protect it 's commercial or geopolitical interests at the expense of hundreds of thousands of innocent lives . 
  take off your rose-coloured glasses already . 
  democracy is preferable to dictatorship , but us has little to do with promoting the former . 
  the last decade has clearly shown us , that while usa has become incredibly efficient at removing existing regimes , it is still struggling to establish or even facilitate the development of democracies with libya , afghanistan and iraq trapped in perpetual civil wars and the emergence and rise of isis being a direct result of failed us policies in the middle east . 
  you may argue that usa 's intentions in those cases were pure and that may very well be true . 
  yet , in the real world it is the actions and their consequences that matter , not words and justifications . 
  us financed , supported and trained mujahideen , who would later go on to form al-qaeda and taliban under saudi and pakistani patronage . 
  it did n't have any problem supporting people , whose ideology , albeit slightly varied from one group to another , directly contravened with democratic principles . 
  and yes pol pot was just as bad and undemocratic and inhumane as the soviets , much like pinochet and suharto . 
  still us supported them . 
  to this very day saudi arabia , which has no respect for human rights whatsover , is considered key ally by us . 
  * this whole argument is not to denigrate or besmirch the us , but rather to point out the naivet\u00e9 of your image of us as a paragon of virtue selflessly protecting the democracy around the world . 
  * i did not condemn us for being isolationist in 30s , rather just mentioned that it was completely comfortable coexisting with a fascist regime and it 's atrocities right up until it became a direct threat . 
  just like any sane country , first and foremost it protects it 's own interests . 
  yes , the us is the biggest and most important political entity in the world , but your whole `` captain democracy beats the baddies and protects the weak '' stance is pretty childish . 
  also , i ca n't help but wonder , how a person who attributes spread of democracy in europe and the end of colonialism to us has the gall to accuse me of being ignorant . 
  please do read up on the french revolutions , spring of nations and general history of europe in 20th century . 
  the topic was absolute strength of the military and relative strength in case of aggressive war against russia . 
  how is stating that italy has higher local power projection than russia ( which is true of any two countries with sizeable armed forces ) helpful ? 
  also your comparison of equipment is fantastic comedy material . 
  i 'm not sure whether this is some half-baked trolling or you 're legitimately the epitome of `` american patriot '' stereotype . 
  the western world has existed well before america has been discovered , let alone us became a global power . 
  the us was dragged into both world wars and while it did indeed provide a formidable contribution , `` defending the democracy '' and `` fighting for ideals '' were the last reasons for their involvement . 
  up to the point that many large us corporations have openly supported the nazis and supplied them during the 30s . 
  as far as `` everything we do '' part , i 'd recommend to read up on such upstanding democratic allies of us as augusto pinochet , pol pot and suharto as well as taliban and saudi arabia . 
  and yes , i have lived in russia for quite some time , it is indeed less pleasant than living in western europe and usa , though not really quite as funny as reading your awe-inspiring patriotic tirade . 
  it 's always nice to hear about civilized behaviour and democracy from someone , who bears a flag of a country directly responsible for more foreign coups , revolutions and invasions in the last 50 years than the rest of the western world together .
