even us americans agree it 's fucking atrocious . 
  the problem is that no one in the united states can agree on what to do . 
  of course . 
  politics is impossible without a heavy dose of hypocrisy . 
  [ god bless england ] ( https://youtu.be/1cysri9rauq ), 
  bannon is not libertarian . 
  he calls himself an economic nationalist and subscribes to a very conservative foreign policy . 
  he 's pretty antithetical to libertarianism . 
  sure , he 's on the record saying the idea is good in theory , but he also despises ayn rand 's objectivist libertarianism ( which , to be honest , so do most libertarians ) and the idea of an unfettered free market . 
  it 's almost like no country is * good * , and that this is especially true of great powers . 
  you heathen . 
  god shall have his vengeance . 
  just make canada a british dominion then . 
  problem solved . 
  some folks thought that kennedy was a papal puppet . 
  til . 
  i 've heard people mention stuff about this , but it always seemed like a rip off an old stereotype . 
  really interesting stuff . 
  is it really that intense of a grip over society ? 
  the uk may well be an exception in this case , but france is known for for its hlms in the poorer banlieues and these are typically associated with immigrants , mainly those from french colonies like algeria , tunisia , etc. 
  wow , that 's crazy . 
  maybe some of the burden lies on european states integrating the migrants better . 
  france , for example , treats arab immigrants pretty shitty . 
  came across this while giving dan carlin 's * prophets of doom * a relisten . 
  russia is still one of the dominant powers on earth , at least militarily , and certainly within its near abroad . 
  even though russia is far less powerful than in the past , it ca n't be ignored . 
  interesting . 
  could you point me in the right direction to find some of that stuff ? 
  have n't heard anything about it . 
  way more useful than op lmao cheers !, 
  nah , tolkien noted that mordor is approximately sicily . 
  * you will take republic credits . 
  i have 100 republican credits that says i did !, 
  yup !, 
  sure is . 
  istanbul is the more well known city though . 
  ankara is there , but no istanbul !, 
  it 's called the dark enlightenment, 
  and their grandparents warned them about !, 
  godspeed from the united states !, 
  it still speaks volumes that more people voted for his opponent than him . 
  at least try to be original lol, 
  not entirely . 
  but rome did n't have much to do with it , that 's more my point . 
  i think it 's got less to do with rome and more to do with the mongols sodomizing everyone east of hungary long enough to facilitate a black death that raised the value of peasant labor , forced europeans to look abroad to avoid trading with heathen societies , and happened to chance upon the americas . 
  europe got on top by 1500 because the rest of the world was ( largely , but not entirely ) still recovering from mongol destruction and , in the case of china particularly , massive plagues and social upheaval . 
  well aside from the phrase not being literal ( because you physically can not be ahead of your time ) , it 's just a way of describing a society as advanced . 
  civilizations develop in their own timeline . 
  it 's not always helpful to compare development of a society to others . 
  they all develop at their own pace and in accordance to their own domestic politic . 
  the glory that was greece , the grandeur that was rome . 
  they were all ahead of their time in certain ways . 
  rome was certainly ahead of its time . 
  kinda . 
  it really becomes more latinx . 
  miami is more similar to bogota and rio in some ways than it is to boston or philadelphia . 
  this is true . 
  i am baffled at how people lived here before ac . 
  it 's a lethal environment in many ways . 
  welcome to the south !, 
  i doubt all of them are yankees , but enough of them are to warrant ( at least me ) calling them such . 
  hearing y' all 's stories about the weather is fascinating . 
  it 's hard for me , a floridian , to look at these numbers and think they are bad . 
  but then i remember how relative hotness is to what is average . 
  we are having highs in the upper 90s ( f ) , so ~ 35c , right now , but typically we do n't see those numbers until late july of early august . 
  i dread the heat of those coming weeks . 
  for me , 29c is the upper limit of what i consider comfortable . 
  i hope y' all stay safe over there , and wear lots of sunscreen , even if it is cloudy out . 
  is this summer on track to match the heat wave in 2003 ? 
  they have . 
  ever been to florida in the winter time ? 
  so have a fuck ton of yankees . 
  they fly down with the birds and as soon as it hits 90 , they are back in their northern nests . 
  the udhr is pretty vapid in terms of `` violating '' it since there is no way to enforce it . 
  it is both too vague and not really even meant to be enforced . 
  more of a guideline than anything else . 
  hell , even saudi arabia signed the declaration ... 
  you sure do flashback often !, 
  i was under the impression that tax evasion is a pretty popular pastime in greece as well , or is that exaggerated ? 
  right , just like how you * feel * that you could possibly know whether someone is at home anywhere without them telling you . 
  your feelings are as irrelevant as theirs . 
  to put that another way , they can live wherever the hell they want , regardless of how it makes you * feel * about your culture . 
  that 's rich . 
  consider that many came to europe because they felt more at home there than in their native country . 
  hey , the austrians called . 
  they want their empire back . 
  not . 
  yet . 
  dew it, 
  well iirc , italy votes in december ( ? ), 
  on whether to stay or leave the eu . 
  the five star movement is the fn/ukip italian rendition . 
  yup . 
  that when paired with his statement on mexicans and what he said about mccain being a pow , it blows my fucking mind that people 's perception of him did n't change . 
  [ '' she may be an idiot , but she 's * our * idiot . 
  '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anastasio_somoza_garc%c3%ada#.22our_son_of_a_bitch.22 ), 
  you might think like that if you are a protestant , but catholics certainly believe that faith alone does not bring salvation . 
  the fact that she was even considered with all that baggage is baffling to me . 
  * never * run a candidate who has years or decades of scandal . 
  truth in the allegations is irrelevant because as long as there is a perception of corruption , that person might as well be corrupt .
