  slovakia did it , even though the czech half was the bulk of the economy . 
  besides , `` real ` muricans '' would n't care about the economic impact - `` muh freedoms '' and `` no more libtards '' would over rule any pleas to look at the bottom line . 
  if it actually came to the crunch i suspect the entire left coast plus great lakes states would seriously consider joining up with canada , but probably not actually go through with it . 
  maybe the great lakes would . 
  i doubt canada would * want * the north east . 
  nyc alone would be too heavy an impact on their political balance and there is no way nyc would put up with being anything other than a dominant partner - and that would go badly inside canada . 
  ahh !, 
  it 's joined up now ? 
  man !, 
  la is growing like a cancer !, 
  makes sense , although i would have thought your great lakes 6 and the nw 6 would be fairly culturally homogenous ( outside of the greater chicago metro which is going to be different regardless of where it gets attached - the rest of illinois does n't really see themselves as having anything in common with chicago ) could easily make a north central band which would work . 
  hmm , i 'd chuck chicago into the north east state , it has more in common with nyc et al than the mid west . 
  then the rest of illinois can stop moaning about it . 
  edit looked at a map , that 's not going to work , oh well :-) for some reason i always mentally swap illinois and ohio ( the latter is in my head as rural midwest for some reason ), 
  to me sf is exactly like sydney , weather , cost of living , ethnic mix , food . 
  santa monica is nice , many of the pluses of sf without many of the minuses , however like the others in the `` would consider '' it 's a bit small town . 
  sorry , seattle is n't small , it gets dropped to maybe because of the weather . 
  where would you spilt it ? 
  to me the pacific coast , north east , mid west , south would seem logical , but the first two and second two have enough in common to call it two . 
  san francisco ( assuming the wage offer was hefty ) austin would consider boulder , seattle portland santa monica, 
  we did it first , you did it better, 
  essex , please , do essex furst . 
  boston is one of only 3 places in the us i would live if i had to go back , it 's very european , i like that . 
  and mosquitos the size of small planes :-), 
  umm , do many tourists really go overseas to look at skyscrapers ? 
  sure if you 're there and it 's something particularly special ( burj khalif , empire state ) , but outside of a geeky civil engineer convention i ca n't see it . 
  i went to chicago for music , and it delivered ; but i would n't fly to anywhere in the us other than nyc for theatre - anything particularly good that leaves the broadway run will be appearing in paris or london ( which makes it a couple of pounds and minutes on the tube to see rather than a # 1000 on a plane ticket and hours on a plane ) . 
  i disagree chicago has the best food scene in the us though , but that will turn into a long argument . 
  my short version is each of a dozen cities are great in a set of niches . 
  lol , you see/hear this so much . 
  the hatred between `` the coasts '' and `` real murica '' is so full on , you guys really need to split into two countries . 
  :-) yeah have n't been to canada yet , we probably will . 
  i 've been there many times myself , but i wo n't be taking my young family there any time soon . 
  the overly aggressive customs staff which started a few years ago ( there 's a long list of horror stories i can relay assuming i can be arsed digging them out ) , the demands for social media passwords and access to your phone , the latest restrictions where you ca n't even carry an ipad onto the plane ( seriously ? 
  how do you think i 'm keeping a 7 year old entertained for 12 hours without electronics ? 
  ) , the laws where the cops can literally seize your cash and your goods with no explanation just because they `` think '' it 's illegally derived - and no comebacks even if you prove otherwise . 
  sorry , no , grand canyon and niagra falls are wonderful and all , but there 's plenty of good stuff in europe and asia without any of that grief . 
  it 's a holiday , who needs the stress . 
  lol , thank google translate . 
  i have sketchy german , enough to get the idea of what was going on . 
  i 've no idea how good their translations are but it was enough to understand it . 
  ahh , thanks , yeah i got the gist of the content , was just curious about the source . 
  i 'd not seen it before but it read like a soliloquy from a play or movie !, 
  it 's quite a speech , someone needs to insert that into a movie now !, 
  picked the wrong username by accident ? 
  i assume that 's a quote from something given that 2 people separately referenced the `` ach berlin '' where is it from please ? 
  i googled it and just got the same narrative , no explanatory notes, 
  lizard person found . 
  ok alien , you can report back to your planet that no one eats ketchup here , it 's a table ornament . 
  ( quiet aside that should make it easier to spot them ), 
  are we talking about donbass/crimea here or * actual * russia ? 
  nope . 
  no imaginary friends here . 
  yeah , very true hence my `` close enough '' comment - key difference is a view on whether there should be * any * laws / governance in my understanding . 
  noting modern usage of libertarian is also diverging from traditional liberal so extensive definions and footnoting required :-), 
  like many things , americans took an english idea and ~ ~ improved ~ ~ messed it up the original meaning of liberal coined back in the 17th c when the usa was merely a bunch of colonies and well before they started moaning about king george and taxes encompasses what an american would mostly call libertarian . 
  refer john locke , david hume etc https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/liberalism the term has always meant a political concept of minimising state intervention to the extent necessary to balance between maintaining a viable state ( as opposed to anarchy which can be seen as libertarianism taken to the extreme ( nb not really true but close enough ) ) and not infringing upon the rights of people to do what they wish if it causes no harm to others ( refer js mills utilitarianism ) at some point in the 20th c the us redefined liberal as meaning `` progressive '' which is about making changes to the state and laws to improve society ; that is proactively improve society , this is at complete odds with liberalism 's minimisation of legal/societal impact ( ie `` positive discrimination '' aka quotas for minorities is progressive but not liberal , decriminalising drugs is both liberal and arguably progressive ) and freedom of choice . 
  note american libertarianism seems to only come in an economic flavour and ignore social freedoms such as drug legalisation in the main . 
  op seems to be trying very hard to not make any such point , as he said `` trying to be politically neutral '' i do n't see anywhere that he has made any justification of the sort . 
  you 're going out of your way to find offence . 
  `` most '' make `` more than minimum wage '' so not all ( there 's the wage uncertainty part ) and in a country where minimum wage is a couple bucks an hour that certainly is low wages . 
  so , as i said , the flip side of the tipping culture is most end up earning a volatile wage that is on average quite low ( when your wage is so low you qualify for food stamps there is a problem with this equation ) . 
  edit , deleted unnecessary snark . 
  they 're good subreddits , friendly people . 
  not sure what we could do here that is n't already done - horse maybe ? 
  not very european ( more middle east ) but goat shoulder works rather well . 
  i 'm sure as hell not smoking a badger !, 
  education makes you nauseous ? 
  you may wish to see a doctor about that . 
  most anglos too even if / u/bobkellylikes does n't . 
  we did solzenitsyn ( sp ? ), 
  in high school for english for example, 
  oh come on , you 've never heard of the book that has gone into the english language as a euphemism for writing a ridiculously long narrative ? 
  * that * `` war and peace '' ? 
  you guys already long since exported everything good ( and some bad ) , there 's little left that 's not already here for better or worse, 
  the kit is already widely available here ( i bought cherry and hickory wood for smoking from my local sainsburys literally last weekend , wholefoods and waitrose also stock it and stubbs bbq sauces is on the shelf as well for example ) and there are plenty of bbq restaurants selling it made . 
  american tipping culture is something i explicitly * do n't * want to see come here . 
  its corollary of low wages and wage uncertainty for employees is awful . 
  sorry , no , not exit polls , it 's actual votes counted but using a statistical sampling method . 
  certain polling stations are selected as being statistically representative and a portion of their votes are counted and the result extrapolated from that . 
  exactly the same methodology conceptually as a poll but using actual votes , and locations rather than demographics for your sample spread . 
   europe becomes `` united '' . 
  it becomes one single political/economic block so you 're starting from a false premise . 
  op did n't suggest ( and nor do many ) that a single political block is a good goal . 
  in fact you even quoted op saying the status quo arrangement ( i.e ** not ** a single political block ) is good albeit needing a few tweaks . 
  few like the idea of a single eu govt with the implicit loss of national govts your wording implies . 
   a group of states seceding would be significantly more viable than a single state i genuinely wish you guys would get on and just do it . 
  your country has two irreconcilable mores and ethos ' - just give it up and split in half , everyone will be happier . 
  australia , nz and uk have apprenticeship systems for trades ( plumber/builder etc ) , is there something unique about the german/austrian system ? 
  canadians also have milk in a bag, 
  i thought andalucians were the spanish rednecks ? 
   non-voting members of the house of representatives are congressional representatives who are not allowed to vote on proposed legislation not really much representation then , is there . 
  ahh the land of no taxes without representation ( unless you 're puerto rico , american samoa etc etc ), 
  i suspect being a chef would meet the `` work '' criteria he mentioned , no ? 
  he 's as bad as his campaign suggested , the faint hope that it was an act he would shed has been disabused . 
  truly truly awful . 
  how the hell a republican president can fail to pass legislation when he has a majority in both senate and house is just gobsmacking incompetence . 
  edit guys you 're probably wasting your time giving thought out replies , he 's a cheerleader for the tangerine caesar it 's not an impartial/disinterested question . 
  see replies here in previous iteration https://www.reddit.com/r/askeurope/comments/5x6pcg/now_that_hes_been_in_office_for_a_good_month_and/, 
  no , the ire was n't about ruining the guiness .
