  umm check out his flair , hungary is already 3/4ths there, 
  53 days `` floyddit dick eating bet on french election . '', 
  i love stuff like this - it shows a level of community that you do n't see in the big cities . 
  can you imagine someone in london ( or amsterdam ) saying `` ok , we do n't have a hall or a school anywhere near we can use , so we 'll do it in our lounge room '', 
  that 's very cool - i 'm guessing it 's in a small rural village ? 
  does n't that usually go `` here , hold my beer and watch this ! '', 
  while there is some truth to that , my saffer mate is rather dirty about the quality of the coaching lately . 
  well that assumes london does n't drag any of the surrounding areas in , i 'd imagine a lot of the bankers living in surrey would want the border to be a little larger , but ok , let 's call the m25 the border . 
  i honestly do n't see how it would be terribly hard to reach a deal for supply of power and water and a free trade agreement . 
  we have had free trade and fom with republic of ireland for nearly a century now . 
  so i ca n't imagine a blockade being seriously considered , that is an awful lot of farmers and etc doing without a lot of income . 
  even then , those with the chequebooks can pay for assistance and that ignores the current military chain of command which currently ends in westminster / no . 
  10 if i 'm not mistaken . 
  because france has spent 230 years homogenising and beating the languages out of the regions . 
  occitan is all but dead ; the number of speakers of basque , breton and catalan are significantly fewer through deliberate policy ( laws ) . 
  edit here 's some details https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/language_policy_in_france#french_revolution, 
  or make sure asterix gets his potion !, 
   ok buddy , here ya go . 
  show me where the right to self-determination is in the udhr . 
  you 're going to need to step one higher than that . 
  right to self determination is article 1 of the un charter https://www.un.org/en/sections/un-charter/chapter-i/index.html also refer https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/self-determination http://www.un.org/press/en/2012/gashc4051.doc.htm http://www.unpo.org/article/4957, 
  so where is the police force coming from in the republic of dave ? 
  hospitals ? 
  there is a minimal viable unit to have a hunter gather lifestyle ( tribe ) it 's a bit bigger for an agrarian lifestyle ( village ) , it 's bigger again for a modern tech society . 
  if you ca n't provide the usual services than the unit chosen is too small and will collapse through crime , invasion , revolution or a peacable decision to aggregate with a nearby state to pool resources . 
  there 's a critical mass required to provide services , so no it would n't be a good idea for an apartment building to be a seperate country . 
  but like kids swiping matches to play with , some are dumb enough to burn themselves before they work out what is smart and what is n't , shrug . 
  darwinism . 
  come to force you say ... hmm where is the money coming from to pay those forces . 
  i do n't think it 's as cut and dried as you suggest . 
  your argument is built on a logic flaw though , why do you assume an independent london would refuse any debt obligations ? 
   does it mean that my village can vote to be independent ? 
  of course not . 
  san marino , lichtenstein , luxembourg , andorra , monaco are all tiny independent states , so yes , if your village has some driving reason to need to differentiate itself and be independent then yes it should . 
  nations have formed from combining smaller areas over the last few hundred years , it 's only been a 150 years since germany and italy were formed from a collection of smaller nations , they did so because there are many advantages to being part of a larger state that outweigh the autonomy they gave up . 
  the same goes in reverse , if a group of people who have something they perceive in common see less value in being part of a larger state than in being independent then you are an oppressor ( by definition ) if you prevent that schism . 
  that does n't mean states have n't subjugated other groups or ethnicities , has been done many times , but it is oppression when it 's done . 
  sometimes revolution/war is the only way to achieve independence ie yugoslavia ) , sometimes it can be done peacefully ( czechoslovakia 's split ), 
  fairly neglible secession movements in either state as yet , 10 % ish last i looked . 
  texans always love to brag how they retain the right to secede from when they were previously independent , in their constitution or some such . 
  i 've never cared enough to check . 
   i dunno , the famine would probably be in london since the rest of the uk could blockade most of the imports and stop supplying them with fresh food . 
  we have an estuary , the remnants of a port and 1 or 2 airports depending on where you draw the border . 
  i think we 'd get on just fine . 
  i 'm in favour of it to be honest . 
  the miserable gits in brexit land can have their independence and good luck to them , and london can go back to being the financial hub of europe . 
  not much . 
  hence why i asked what we had done , it 's a long list of options . 
  whatever the answer is that has you convinced the eu is going to give the uk a free trade deal without fom . 
  i think the fact that it takes about 10 minutes from walking into the local hall/school to walking up to the sausage sizzle after voting might be helping the turnout . 
  i 'm lead to believe that queuing for hours to vote is not unusual in the usa . 
  fixing that might help turn out . 
  oh and having polls open for 12-14 hours on a weekend rather than a weekday might also help . 
  so scotland has a free trade deal with the ruk post independence and until they enter the eu ( however long that takes ) . 
  why would n't ruk want to sign that ? 
  spite ? 
   the uk is far , far more important to scotland 's economy than the eu so it 's absolutely a worse trade off anyway the same statement is true of the uk and eu , yet we have brexited . 
  ( i.e eu is more important to uk trade than vice versa ) . 
  so scotland does n't have the option to be as dumb as the rest of the uk / rate other things higher than the economy ( depending on which side of the argument you 're on ) ? 
  iow uk chose to brexit knowing our biggest trading partner was eu ( with the leave argument that it would all be fine they need us buying their exports as much as we need them to buy ours - a wobbly argument imnsho ) . 
  if ruk can take the hit of 10 % tariffs or whatever wto rules mean it 'll be when we brexit without a deal ( as seems certain ) , why ca n't the scots make a go of it in the same way ? 
  i 've always wondered though , the `` your economy will be ruined '' argument is predicated on the costs that are applied to outcomes by westminster , what 's to say that scotland ca n't do things like running welfare more efficiently . 
  i genuinely do n't know , i 'd be curious to know if someone has done an actual deep dive and pulled out the numbers that are scotland 's share of the general expenditure and assessed whether they would be going up or down post #sexit, 
  oh lord onion man did n't did he ? 
  pretty sure you 're both right . 
  the monarchy was indeed combined under the act of union , but the separate legal systems was not in there and hence did n't change ( ie pre-existed so continued to exist because not wiped out ) . 
  could be wrong , recollection of reading it a couple of months ago . 
  - union of crowns 1603 created one royal holding both crowns . 
  - acts of union 1707 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/acts_of_union_1707 single parliament customs union monetary union single crown kingdom of great britain replaces kingdomof scotland & kingdom of england wales as dual crowns of the monarch - acts of union 1800 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/acts_of_union_1800 united the kingdom of great britain and the kingdom of ireland ( previously in personal union ) to create the united kingdom of great britain and ireland ( ie same concept as 1707 - move from personal union to single entity ) edit formatting, 
  lol, 
  yeah that was the point of the second half of his sentence that you cut off  but i would n't go round dublin making that argument . 
  it 's an important cultural ritual in the antipodes, 
  i 'm sure you 'll still be able to import a bayonne ham after they get independence :-), 
  also the snp made it clear that another indyref was off the table * unless * something major changed . 
  being pulled out of the eu against the will of the majority of scots meets that criteria . 
  worried about the french basques are we ? 
  that 's the equivalent of sticking your fingers in your ears and saying `` la la la la ca n't hear you '', 
  it only took 800 years , you ca n't rush into these things :-), 
  from a base inside your own country !, 
  what did we do this time ? 
  lol . 
  that 's it , i 'm moving to rotterdam . 
  thank you, 
  stupid question but how the hell do you pronounce taoiseach ? 
  because they ** are ** retarded ? 
  he ca n't run out of money , the illuminati own everything including all the money . 
  that money in your wallet ? 
  not really there , it 's the mind control from the chemtrails that makes you * think * it 's there . 
  if you put on this nice al-foil hat i 've made , it will block their signals . 
  ca n't argue with that, 
  i 'm not op but i 'd say the biggest threat french territories in the carribean/south america is the tangerine caesar , that 'd get rather messy though . 
  your post is only clear if you understand the `` something something x '' meme . 
  i was n't clear on your intent even with that context sorry . 
  thank you for the detailed reply , i now understand the grey area he 's managed to use to avoid culpability . 
  it 's pretty clear he 's been dodgy , the question is whether he can be proved to have done something legally wrong . 
  very interesting , thanks again . 
  hmm . 
  are the facts at all in question ? 
  it seems fairly straight forward corruption from here . 
   if an eu military got its shit together and put a bunch of nuclear subs off the east coast , i have a strong feeling that a huge proportion of us citizens would sup i understand your desperation but even if we pretended the eu * could * pull together a navy big enough to give the us pause in under a decade , even the most virulently anti trump of your countrymen would go incandescent with rage if the eu interfered ( not unreasonably either , much as i hate trump ),
