  because the people at the controls were very happy with a flood of cheap labour ( and they got to blame someone else for the problems they caused ) . 
  double win for them until brexit started to gain traction . 
  key difference is buzzfeed inserts journalism into their site more often than the daily heil . 
  rarely beats never . 
  you 're right , i read czechia where he 'd written czechoslovakia , brain fade :-), 
  sorry , i actually missed your point entirely . 
  i 'm old enough that `` czechoslovakia '' seemed so normal it did n't even register - despite saying czechia in the post above :-) ooops . 
  hmm interesting / u/zelenejlempl implies in the above that it 's east of czechia ( ie czechia is central europe ) . 
  lol , yeah good point !, 
   the best way to bond with russians is to get drunk together with a group of us that 's bad advice ? 
  uh oh , i 've been insulting some russians who i thought were friends for ages now . 
  where does central europe stop and eastern europe start out of curiosity ? 
   shout the good ole scots salute : `` up the ra ! '', 
  out of curiousity , what would be the red rag to a celtic bull equivalent ? 
  i 've heard that a lot , but my fractured french with an atrocious ( australian ) accent was listened to patiently and no one gave me any attitude , not even in paris ( where i can understand people would get sick of tourists ) . 
  i have to wonder - is this as stupidly ill founded a meme as the surrender monkey thing , or is it just 50 years out of date ? 
  lol . 
  this is deliberate bad advice not good advice . 
  the scandinavians are even more averse to this than the uk, 
  appreciated , i 've stopped visiting / r/worldnews because it gets so brigaded by the / r/the _ dolan 's troops . 
  ahh ok , you 're right i misunderstood your intent . 
  most developed countries are represented to some extent , you can find / r/australia for example to ask the question ( it already was btw , the answer was mostly `` oh fuck , what have you guys done ? 
  are we going to have go fight another pointless war with you ? '' ), 
  i do n't know of any `` grouping of countries '' reddit subs though , sorry . 
  there can not be such a thing as a singular global perspective on trump , any more than there 's a single european perspective . 
  individual countries will have majority or consensus viewpoints but most of the world is n't on reddit , china for example is pretty unrepresented . 
  some of the major non european countries have subs but not all that many . 
  thank you !, 
  that 's how you avoid `` tasteless white goo '', 
  yes , along with bringing back pounds and ounces and the death penalty . 
  fucking old people . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/full_breakfast  distinctively scottish elements include scottish style black pudding , lorne sausage , and tattie scones . 
  it commonly also includes fried or grilled tomato and/or mushrooms and occasionally haggis , white pudding , fruit pudding or oatcakes . 
  you did ask . 
  that 's what polandball do - you can add text to the flag flair, 
  everything i know about lithuania i learned from / r/polandball, 
  damn !, 
  that 's british levels of sarcasm , well played !, 
  cool . 
  good to see the sport growing . 
  what ? 
  the americans have started letting other countries compete in the world series ? 
  when did that happen ? 
  yebbut that 's because foxtel has most sports tied up other than those they specifically wrote a law to prevent them having monopoly rights on ( cricket , afl and nrl ) . 
  you 'll get all the american nfl , baseball and nba on foxtel ( nba is by miles the most popular in oz ) . 
  no nhl though as at when i left a few years ago . 
  basketball and soccer have hugely cannibalised both the player base and fan dollars of the `` traditional '' australian sports ( nrl and cricket particularly , afl have done an excellent marketing job and have prevented much erosion ) edit and tennis was on the no monopoly for pay tv list, 
  both flavours : the catalan dragons are quite competitive in league too , and the french union teams are chock full of internationals . 
  it 's more south of france than paris and the north though . 
  no , only in swinglish :-), 
  what 's your stadium and who usually plays there by the way ? 
  depends on what game level , rwc was # 140 for the nosebleed section and # 400 down the front i think . 
  internationals umm , # 80 in the bring binoculars seats and 140 and then # 200 iirc ( take with a grain of salt ) . 
  i saw a wasps game there for i think # 80 for the family ( 2 adults 2 kids ) . 
  beer is about the same ( 5 quid sounds right ) . 
  prices from memory , i 've not looked them up and checked . 
  ahh ok , just saw your flair , so given it 's a minor sport in the us ( although you guys areactually getting a lot better at it , your rwc campaign was nothing to be ashamed of and you 're doing very well at rugby 7s ) i would n't expect prices to be high , the equivalent level matches ( amateur/semi amateur ) here would be similar prices , a nominal fee to enter # 5 or # 10 . 
  i 'm glad it 's cheap where you are , my nearest - twickenham , is quite expensive !, 
  ( ok there are cheaper options :-) on the nfl , foxtel in australia used to do a `` highlights '' condensed version of the games , that was quite watchable i could n't watch a whole game live though, 
  yeah it 's a solid minor sport in uk but big internationally , but compared to the southern hemisphere where rugby or rugby league is number one ( oz is league first , union is about 5th whereas in sa and nz union is solidly number 1 ) it was surprisng to me how little interest the majority of the english have ( it 's big in wales though ), 
   like anyone from a town can tell you the history of the nearest third division club . 
  hell uk fans will be able to tell you the stats for real madrid , barcelona , bayern munich and ajax as well !, 
  my kids are assimilating , they know all this esoteric stuff , it 's unfortunately the one sticking point for me integrating - i do n't mind watching it but i 'm not about to memorise stats !, 
   i fully get not liking the pace but the pace is really part of the game . 
  etc etc for paragraphs < shrug  what-evs , you 're welcome to love it , to me it 's boring as bat shit unless you condense it down to the core plays . 
  i * personally * find rugby to have all of the strategy of american football but with 10times the pace and hence to be much more interesting . 
  you will undoubtedly disagree . 
  yeah , this . 
  it 's actually not too bad when they do a highlights edit and squeeze it down to 10mins of action, 
  there are a lot of us and canadian expats in the uk , so that 's the primary support base for the nfl tours , support outside of north american expats is negligible . 
  nfl gets shown on the cable sports ( sky ) but it 's mostly very late at night ( 2am or what ever ) i do n't even recall seeing nba or nhl on the late night slots but it 's probably there . 
  uk is obssessed with football ( soccer ) , even the two codes of rugby ( which were invented here ) are minority sports . 
  it was the biggest culture shock coming here from australia - everyone has a footballteam and knowing esoteric football stats is part of general conversation , i follow rugby but it 's not a major topic of conversation , more an after thought if england is winning . 
  baseball . . 
  i played rounders at school , that 's the same thing is n't it ? 
  argentina . 
  a significant slice of the population is from italian , german , welsh and spanish populations . 
  they 're the most european of the south americans . 
  i think most tourists would appreciate it , although some may be suspicious of a scam . 
  i think it leaves a more positive feel of the city if people are offering help unasked , it is always daunting to ask for help in a foreign language . 
  i often used to help lost looking tourists in sydney , here in london i tend to get asked and be unable to help ( 3 years in and i still struggle at times ) , would always help if i could though . 
  any unbiased sources ? 
  the spanish govt has spent centuries trying to get it back including numerous attempts in last 50years i ca n't see how it could be unbiased . 
  repeated aggressions over time ? 
  that 's not something i find in the wikipedia page on the subject . 
  where do i find an unbiased source documenting them ? 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/disputed_status_of_gibraltar i do note however the spanish govt in 1966 admitted that britain possessed them legally ( despite spanish attempts to break the treaty and take them back by force several times in the 1700s and fair enough , they were ceded as a byproduct of war attempting to take them back by war does n't seem entirely unreasonable ) . 
  the only aggressions i can see since they were legally ceded under a treaty have been done unsuccessfully by spain . 
  what is missing that is n't documented on wikipedia ? 
  you ca n't do that !, 
  we 're english !, 
  what 's colonialism got to do with it ? 
  it was the settlement at the end of a war . 
  now you can argue that , like the treaty of versailles , it was a bad idea/unfair but to be honest the losers in a war have rarely been happy about the concessions forced on them in return for peace . 
  that does n't make it illegal ( `` robbing '' ) . 
  quite the contrary , peace treaties are upheld in international courts and have been for centuries . 
   did you by any chance read the question that started this thread ? 
  that was humour mate . 
  he was taking the piss , making a joke about it . 
   ( the uk pretty much required spain to put up with the status quo as a condition for accession into the eu ) ahah !,
