  lol , i have had to consciously tone down my swearing since i got here . 
  it 's a lot less acceptable than australia . 
  australian in the uk . 
  i know london to moscow is sydney to perth , but it is `` bigger '' than you think . 
  or to be more accurate , travel times are longer than you expect ( density ) . 
  reduce the number of countries and locations down to a manageable size or go the bus tour route . 
  the tours will let you physically be in a huge number of places in a short time , but you 'll remember none of it . 
  most europeans are pretty good with tourists provided you are n't being a loud mouthed drunken twat , please do n't be that guy if you 're going to be wearing the kangaroo t-shirt . 
  leave that to the british stag parties . 
  if you 're being a human you 'll be generally treated well . 
  there have been a million aussie tourists before you , and we 're mostly friendly and fun , so marking yourself out as not american ( and in some locations not british ) can be helpful ( france in particular ) . 
  be aware though that around the peak tourist destinations ( eiffel tower , the coliseum etc ) the locals are so swamped with tourists they 'll hate everyone including their own . 
  on the `` wanted you to introduce yourself '' - i 'm sure you did n't mean it that way but be careful of entitlement - you are there for the holiday of your lifetime , they 're just trying to get on with living ( usually ) . 
  you 're the one who `` owes them '' if anything . 
  yes , shitloads . 
  the balkans for one ; all of the adriatic coast is brilliant and much less touristy than the med . 
  scandinavia is wildly expensive but fantastic . 
  this item alone has a thousand words worth of answers . 
  a lot of europeans speak english very well , it 's fairly much the lingua franca , but you 'll get a lot more mileage out of nailing a half a dozen local phrases across the 4 to 6 countries you go to and let them swap to english when you 've obviously run out of vocabulary rather than just jumping straight into english , be a bit humble about being in their country and not speaking their language and most everyone will play nice ( even paris who have a reputation for not doing so were fine with me murdering their language and i suspect swapped to english before their ears started bleeding ) . 
  the generally the further east you go the less english you 'll find ( but with some exceptions ) , the younger the person the more likely they have english . 
  the germanic and scandinavian countries generally speak better english than your average bogan . 
  flying can be very cheap with budget carriers like norwegian and ryan air but be aware they often fly into weird airports - a bit like jetstar flying into that airport out east of melbourne instead of tullamarine . 
  rail is often the best choice as you can do an overnight trip and that saves one night of accommodation . 
  yeah , no . 
  try and curb the tongue a little , unless you 're in ireland who are just as sweary as us ( probably where we got it from ) . 
  you 'll probably be hanging out with other backpackers from all over , and they probably wo n't mind , keep the fun extrovert stereotype going but try not prove that fuck can be used as every part of the sentence , every sentence !, 
  summer is the most expensive time as july august is the same as the xmas school hols , so all the kids are out and the cost of everything is dialled up to 11 . 
  look at going end of summer start of autumn when the weather is usually still good but the high season is over . 
  ( september into october ) . 
  if you 've got plenty of money then by all means go july august of course . 
  ps , do n't expect to be exotic anywhere in europe , even the remotest part of the least developed country will have seen aussies there before you or have relatives down there . 
  we seem to travel a lot . 
  have fun . 
  edit deleted grocer 's apostrophe, 
  true , better than german !, 
  and that 's a good tip actually - assume male if mixed . 
  noted . 
  my french is awful but every bit helps :-), 
  yeah , the sugar in everything got to me . 
  i think that lands squarely in the dunning-kruger quadrant !, 
  as someone who has an accent that would probably make you wince and start speaking english to me , yes quite likely !, 
  there 's a good chance that words i think are homophones just have subtle differences i ca n't hear . 
  oh wow , that 's a cool piece of trivia - thanks . 
  that does actually help my understanding . 
  now can you start sticking those carets above all the other letters that do n't get pronounced please !, 
  i 'm being utterly hypocritical given how unintuitive english pronunciation is , but knowing what letters to not voice is tricky . 
  at least a letter/syllable in french has fewer ways it can be pronounced assuming you do articulate it . 
  also the whole masculine / feminine thing for nouns . 
  how is le divorce masculine , it 's usually one of each gender involved !, 
  that is always a true statement in any context !, 
  no , try reading . 
  lol re-read what i wrote , and when you realise you 've assumed i wrote the opposite to what i actually wrote , get back to me and we can have a conversation , if not , whatever . 
  lol did you write george w 's `` mission accomplished '' slogan as well ? 
  way to go comprehensively misreading what i wrote and prematurely patting yourself on the back . 
  whatevs with your reading level no point having a discussion, 
  and vice versa , plenty of france was `` english '' for long periods thanks to the normans, 
  new potatoes is what i 'd call them, 
  fine by me , pretty sure i 've had this in poland and germany ( looks the same ) . 
  beef cheek slow cooked is a great cut by itself . 
  edit , lord that 's just brawn , grew up eating that ( although not home made ) . 
  i do n't know , but you seem pretty certain , do you have any facts to back that up ? 
  i am under the impression that the level of violent crime in first world countries has been falling dramatically over the last 300 years , it 's certainly a statement that has been made or inferred many times by people more learned than me . 
  so , as i understand it , yes , it was . 
  your logic is also one of false equivalence - my statement was that my understanding is that in america the majority of murders are done by the poor against the poor . 
  now as we all know , correlation does n't equal causation , so i would n't consider that in and of itself to be proof , however i think there is sufficient sociological data to agree that when people are struggling to survive their willingness to `` do what ever it takes '' increases . 
  if poverty * is n't * a factor then please explain the correct causal chain that leaves the us poor overwhelmingly the victim of gun crime . 
  lol , you mean `` received pronounciation '' i assume ( ie `` posh '' english ) ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/received_pronunciation there are a zillion regional accents in the united kingdom . 
  cockney is just as much a `` proper '' accent as any other ( although it 's pretty near non existent nowadays ) . 
  chav is n't an accent it 's a social group - they could just as easily sound brum as essex, 
  unlikely as most first world countries do n't have as many weapons freely available and as cheap . 
  poverty ( and in particular the huge schism of inequality in earnings ) is ** one ** of the factors impacting your murder rate , but it certainly is n't the only one . 
  the biggest reason is the availability of guns and the lethality of the weapons available . 
  there is a very good skit by a comedian which absolutely takes the piss out of the american gun laws https://www.liveleak.com/view?i=89d_1411198955 the easy availability of high lethality weapons ( high capacity magazines with high rates of fire ) to people with mental issues or even just someone who loses their temper and pulls it out while they see red , is a much bigger factor in my opinion . 
  lastly as a pure opinion i think the attitude to policing is very different in europe - i suspect the very confrontational and paramilitary attitude i 've seen in a lot of the us cities is less common . 
  not entirely absent , but less common . 
  weeellll , it is a factor , mind you the ubiquity of guns in the us is a much bigger factor . 
  edit : clarification : poor people shooting other poor people are the majority of us shootings last time i looked . 
  yeah . 
  true , that 's the baked version . 
  boiled with skin on , not common but it does happen . 
  the irish like them that way i think ( i 've had them served that way there ), 
  they did fairly well at invading britain after the romans left :-), 
  weird . 
  more for us then . 
  pretty common in australia , new zealand , uk and ireland in my experience . 
  they 're usually referred to as jacket potatoes ( jacket meaning they still have skin ) . 
  maoris do n't use facial tattooing to make themselves more attractive to the opposite sex . 
  https://www.maori.com/tattoo https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/t%c4%81_moko ta moko is performed by a tohunga ta moko ( tattoo expert ) and the practice is considered a tapu ( sacred ) ritual . 
  the design of each moko is unique to the wearer and conveys information about the wearer , such as their genealogy , tribal affiliations , status , and achievements . 
  it is important to distinguish moko from kiri tuhi , tattoos that are not regarded as having the cultural significance attributed to moko, 
  it 's not unreasonable to be concerned . 
  the current state of affairs resonates strongly with other times which have led to war . 
  that does n't make it certain , but it is certainly possible . 
  trump has made it clear he 's not terribly interested in usa being the world 's police . 
  therefore the strength of nato is compromised given that the usa is the only current superpower ( albeit china is within touching distance ) if they walk away . 
  the accusations of him being in putin 's pocket also raise serious questions about whether the usa would help defend europe . 
  the eu is a significant power bloc while ever it remains cohesive and aligned - prior to brexit it has 2 nuclear powers , 2 major military powers ( both being uk & france ) , and several quite capable second rank powers ( germany has unfortunately allowed its military to deteriorate , but it 's still capable , ditto poland , spain , and the scandinavians ) . 
  putin has been taking a two pronged attack to weaken europe - one trying to break countries out ( funding marine lepen , probably funding ukip etc ) , and two creeping annexation of what ever he can manage ( crimea etc ) . 
  russia is n't terribly strong but she 's a nuclear power and has a significant standing army and some good tech .
