  genghis khan conquered most of the known world in a couple of decades and changed the course of a hundred nations and much of the world 's population . 
  the romans also conquered the known world and ruled most of the world 's population . 
  do you really think the usa will be viewed in the same terms in 500 years time ? 
  the usa might * just * be able to match the spanish empire if you can manage to not collapse into another civil war in the next 50 years . 
  american exceptionalism is in the mind of the american citizen , it does n't stand up to close scrutiny , you 're really not that special i 'm sorry . 
   but if you think about it , america has had it 's government in its current form much longer than most european countries . 
  lol . 
  different markets . 
  no chance of getting to number one while ever us is pouring 4 % of gdp into military and has ( rightly ) preference for supply by us manufacturers . 
  larger is n't neccessarily better , thales and saab are effective and efficient , merging them would n't improve them imnsho, 
  lockheed are a lot larger as the us spends 10times as much as anyone else , the following are the biggest defence contractors in europe bae in uk almaz antey russia sukhoi russia irkut russia airbus france/germany saab in sweden finnameccanica italy thales france http://news.bitofnews.com/the-9-most-powerful-weapons-manufacturers-in-the-world/ i 've probably forgotten a couple . 
  there are a bunch of firearms manufacturers in the eu and cis states, 
  thanks for that link , i 'll have a look . 
  certainly all my visits to germany struck me as a safe place , but , y' know , hard to seperate facts from noise . 
  yes . . well , the uk ge . 
  i 'm a remainer so , take everything with the appropriate skepticism - no one is truly objective . 
  labour was not officially against brexit at the ge but were at the referendum . 
  you need to look at the underlying drivers and demographics to understand why . 
  short version , the poorest and oldest demographics were those strongest for exit , for quite different reasons . 
  the poorest parts of the uk have been told for a decade that all the austerity cuts that are hurting them are the fault of the eu ( bullshit ) . 
  even if they did n't believe that the bottom line is `` how we are now is n't working for us , any change has got to be better '' desperation ( unfortunately not true , they 'll actually be worseoff , but understandable ) . 
  the other key demographic were older , wealthier people who believed the eu was holding the uk back from being great ( i confess to struggling to understand this , the best i can do is provide articles ) , bottom line it was an offence to their very being that someone in brussels could tell an englishman what sort of lightbulb he was allowed !!, 
  it was pure emotion as far as i can understand . 
  the poor and working class are labour 's traditional demogrpahic , but they 've been ignoring them since blair , and relying onthe middle class . 
  they ( quite rationally ) walked away from labour and either stopped voting or swapped to ukip who at least had a story about them . 
  so corbyn turns the labour party on its head , the tory lite blairites do n't like the focus on the working class at the expense of the urban middle , fighting ensues . 
  corbyn wins , his mildly eu skepticism is a function of the fact that the current setup is n't working for his supporters , so he is now ( and at ge ) arms length from both leave and remain . 
  he campaigned for remain at the referendum but that was as much about the then party platform as his convictions . 
  he ditched that position post referendum , and his ge policy was quite neutral , in short , let the tories tear themselves apart on it , do n't get involved . 
  tl ; dr corbyn will support whatever is most likely to benefit the poor and working class who support him , a soft brexit staying in customs union a la norway would suit him fine i think edit , minor corrections, 
  < shrug  ok , but point is still valid , your govt believed it but did n't action anything because they could n't prove it . 
  i think that answers the query `` what if your president was assassinated ? '', 
  the answer ( as i said above ) is nothing happens unless it was done on camera as an execution and televised or something similar . 
  thanks , that is the impression i 've gained , but if you do n't live there it 's hard to know what 's true . 
  the russians knocked off a bunch of your political leaders in a very sus plane crash a couple of years ago . 
  my point was , it 's going to have to be pretty blatant ( shoot him on camera or something ) to be clearly an attack , russia managed to assassinate several senior polish figures with no ramifications because they managed to have a little deniability . 
  well this guy having a rant in the context of the fire that killed 50people and counting ( toll will probably be a 100 ) in a high rise a couple of days ago is a pretty good summary of one of the key issues ( first half , about 3mins , do n't worry about the rest when the sky interviewer starts trying to take control ) https://www.reddit.com/r/unitedkingdom/comments/6hril3/this_guy_sums_up_the_hatred_towards_the_media_as/ https://www.theguardian.com/politics/commentisfree/2017/jun/12/paul-mason-jeremy-corbyn-defeat-ruling-elite-antonio-gramsci and this guardian article will give sense of the context and what would need to change . 
  ( longish read , sorry ) tl ; dr the country has always been run for the benefit of a small number of elites , nothing has changed lately and brexit will continue to make things worse , the middle class as well as the poor are slowly being disenfranchised and marginalised . 
  the current path continues us towards an indian/american/russian outcome where the bulk of the country live in poverty and a small number of elites unfettered power . 
  i 'm not much of a socialist but the political economic path we 're on can not end well . 
  compared to that , germany looks great . 
  ok that sounds like a definite turn for the worse , i had no idea . 
  well we 've never not been lied to , so i guess it 's different for us . 
  ask poland ... 
  the british do n't get taught about the us revolution particularly , umm we do n't actually care that much . 
  there are too many far more important events in our history which the curriculum struggles to cover . 
  the american war was just one small piece in an ongoing struggle with france and spain that flared up on and off for centuries , this was just another set in the cycle . 
  if you do history at a higher level it is of course an option as a specific focus point . 
  please understand the american colonies were n't terribly valuable to britain at the time compared to say india for example . 
  we kept canada which at that time was far more valuable as well ( furs ) . 
  nb none of that paragraph is mentioned in school afaik the last part is laughable ( no offence ) why would we be taught a blatant untruth ? 
  we lost a war , < shrug  we kicked froggie arse at the next innings , mind you napoleon did play a good game . 
  interesting , i was expecting uk as we 're a cluster fuck , is germany that badly run ? 
  it does n't look too bad from here . 
  no flair , which country ? 
  defence is justified , offence is n't, 
  the same things we did before you broke up with her, 
  very true , but australian cities have the same physical layout as the us ( and limited public transport ), 
  works ok in europe too , so i do n't think aussie teenagers are particularly special, 
  and deaths by drink driving in australia when they introduced random breath testing in the 80s ( ie enforcing the no drink driving law ) and then teenage drink driving deaths dropped even further when introduced a 0.02 bac limit with a publicity campaign that said basically 02 means do n't drink at all but we 're giving you enough leeway to drive to work the morning after . 
  iow you do n't need a 21 age limit to achieve the outcome . 
  australia has pretty much the same laws as western europe on drinking ages, 
  you did n't he 's confused you with / u/don _ camillo005, 
  american culture ? 
  that 's a great idea , get back to me when you 've got it working ? 
  pippi longstocking by her was well known , but i 've not previously heard of the bullerby children . 
  thanks very much for the explanation . 
  edit ok having watched the vid yeah makes sense now , your analogy with loch was spot on , except most english speakers will mispronounce that too ( lock vs loch with the gaelic ch ), 
  til more than i expected about swearing in spanish !, 
  thanks, 
  ok , so it 's a mispronunciation of the j not the `` ca '' vs `` co '' ? 
  damn i 'm going to have to listen to some more spanish , it sounds like an english h to me, 
  if you have time and money then i suggest you enrol in a masters degree in the country of your choice . 
  most student visas will allow you to work part time to supplement the cost , and most countries will give you credit on your visa application if you have studied a higher degree there . 
  uk certainly does , and i 'm pretty sure both germany and netherlands do . 
  go to https://www.reddit.com/r/iwantout/, 
  ok , to me scottish `` loch '' is a kh sound at the back of the palate , does that sound like what you mean ? 
  edit , oh hang is , the issue pronouncing ca-hones rather than co-hones ? 
  trying to learn here and feeling thick !, 
  shit mate , i told you it was n't my area !, 
  :-) i would expect you to be the expert !, 
  at a quick google : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/category:aerospace_companies_of_italy, 
  i have no idea why you 're getting the down votes , but anyway , if you 're keen to make a move then your positive mindset will allow you to be successful . 
  however to make it a positive experience you 're going to need a job , and there are only a few countries in europe that have strong aerospace sectors . 
  i 'm no expert in the field , but in my understanding the countries with solid aerospace industries are france , uk , sweden , germany , italy in that order . 
  you obviously have decent english and native portuguese , so the obvious candidates are uk , france and italy ( it 's probably going to be easier to learn french or italian than swedish or german given the similarities between the romance languages ) . 
  uk is busily trying to stop immigration while desperately needing to keep taking it in , if you fall on the right side of this schizophrenia it 's comparatively straight forward to get a visa ( ie your quals give you an `` in demand '' tick in the box ) . 
  on the other hand it 's also busily brexiting from the eu and hence is now a considerably less valuable landing place . 
  france has a stronger aerospace industry than italy in my understanding ( do check this is n't my area ) , and hence may be a better bet , however immigration may be difficult ( i 've never tried ) . 
  sweden has a high level of english usage , so may be easier than i assume ( not clear how much you would need swedish initially ) but i 'm not sure how large the sector is and how much employment is available . 
  edit : also , i think portugal has some easier immigration rules for brazilians ? 
  if true you might be better off landing there in a comparatively familiar culture and finding your feet there first - jobs will be harder though , it has high unemployment also changed wording of swedish comment, 
  errm excuse my ignorance , i thought a spanish `` j '' was pronounced as an english `` h '' ? 
  is that not correct ? 
   american stereotype of uk is n't too bad as it 's generally much better than the reality . 
  every villain in an american movie being english is reality ? 
  going on the way politics worked for brexit they 'd be promised unicorns and kittens until they 'd voted for it , all naysayers would be called unpatriotic and then they 'd deny their documented lies once the vote was won . 
  still waiting for # 350m per day for the nhs to materialise . 
   who said anyone would ask canada ? 
  ouch,
