  russia designs and manufactures everything locally mostly from locally sourced resources . 
  the american arms countries like saudi spend their petrodollars on are firstly made in a country with a higher cost of living ( so everything from design through build is usually more expensive like for like ( there are some exceptions ) ) , then the arms manufacturers make a nice fat profit on it when they sell it overseas . 
  lastly even ignoring the cost of production , the training and capability and sheer military experience of a country like russia evens out tech differences to some extent . 
  i 'm definitely not a fan of putin but do n't underestimate russia , they 're good at war and they 've been practising for decades , the saudis have lots of toys but questionable ability to use them well . 
  edit : the last bit about `` backing him into a corner '' is pure putin misinfo , it 's bollox , he grabbed georgia and crimea and part of ukraine because he could and to test how far he could go before the west bit back, 
  well i hope he 's a doer not just a talker , because that would be a great vision if fulfilled . 
  except there is a gulf between what the mps of both parties want , and what the electorate voted for . 
  roughly 75 % of mps are `` remain '' . 
  pretty much all of the labour party and better than half of the tories ( plus all of libdem and snp ) are actually pro-remain . 
  labour plp ( mps ) have continuously shown they 're not interested in doing what their leader and constituency want them too , and labour has not pulled a 3 line whip on them ( compulsory voting in a certain way ) . 
  it is certainly not a done deal that a. 50 will get waved through , in fact if the remainers in both camps have any sense ( yes i know that 's a very big assumption ) they 'll get together and do a backbench cross party deal for a soft brexit ( stay in eea ) , that will piss off the hard core leavers ( because it 's not the fortress little england they want ) but will save the economy from disaster . 
  particularly if they do it as a transition plan ( ie say 5 years and then vote on pulling out of that too for example ) . 
  i hold little hope for sensible realpolitik though - we 're heading over a cliff . 
  not correct but i do n't have time for a full reply . 
  look up oliver cromwell , magna carta and then read the judgement, 
   why would you bring up the history channel ? 
  because it is where the majority of those in the us who do n't have an active interest in history ( ie most people ) get their info . 
  sure , if you were into history in highschool you probably delved further than the superficial narratives and `` murica fuck yeah '' stories that comprise the majority of history teaching in the us , but that makes you a very small exception . 
  very few do . 
  most americans have a vaguely remembered understanding of how they saved the world every decade or so buttressed by wildly inaccurate hollywood films they take as gospel and reinforced by occassionally watching something on the history channel when channel surfing . 
  i accept that may not be you , but it is most . 
  the only reason europe is any different is because people in living memory passed down stories they lived through , and because language barriers meant american revanchism was more limited . 
  russia is just as bad , it 's a superpowr cultural imperialism thing i guess . 
  the average american is not taught the same history as the average european , and the history channel is an often unreliable source of perspective ( it 's not all bad , but some of it very bad ), 
  `` brexit helping make the financial industry more profitable '', 
  poland has good historic reasons to be concerned , i ca n't reassure you because i have no sway over the goverment , and the us and uk are currently turning away from europe which is why putin is emboldened . 
  i can say that many britons are well aware of the injustice meted out to poland after ww2 and putin has precious little support in the uk , most of what he has is paid for as far as i can tell . 
  i also sincerely doubt many do n't see the threat , it 's why the uk was a strong proponent of sanctions , if i may remind you it was germany and france that had to be persuaded on that count . 
  nato is supposed to support you if you are invaded , i can only hope the alliance holds together when it comes to the crunch . 
  heartbreaking is n't it, 
  err i assume you mean their contemporaneous airforce flag ( ie the air force flag when the poster was printed ) not that it is actually their airforce 's symbol in 2017 ... 
  thanks btw , i assumed it had to be finnish from the location , but knowing they were very careful about their legal relationship with nazi germany ( ie they were n't allies but were co-combatants against russia/ussr or some such ) i thought i 'd better check edit : current airforce symbol https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/finnish_air_force they did n't change it much !, 
  bird for swatstika swap, 
  please do n't think of / u/kinggeorgecommands as speaking for any significant minority in the uk let alone the majority . 
  he/she is a nutjob who would struggle to get much agreement even in the most virulently anti-english household in ulster , let alone any other country of the uk . 
  who are the blue and white swatstika representing ? 
   so london should declare independence , and drag itself to just off france ( but not touching , because france ... ) and then it can be like singapor channel islands ... 
  supposedly spain is ok with scotland joining eu as long as they had exited britain first in a way that was approved by the british govt . 
  they have no intention of allowing catalonia an independence vote they can win . 
  lol , did you read what i said ? 
  it 's not just fuel consumption , it 's also design parameters - the squidgy suspension which is perfect for us freeways sucks on windy roads , the fitouts at the cheap end are awful ( which is why asian cars are the top 5 selling cars in the us - note excluding trucks ) . 
  they 're also bloody ugly ( the aztek being the pinnacle ) . 
  the us do muscle cars and trucks really well , i love the dodge viper and the f100/f150 etc are brilliant pickups , but they simply do n't work in europe . 
  anything bigger than a 3 series is a pain to park , and wallowing suspension is terrible on a windy road . 
  the cruze sold in oz was made in thailand to a korean design and the suspension adjusted to suit australian roads , it 's about as american as a kiwifruit . 
  as for the czech republic , so what , you 're wearing a kiwi flag , own it or do n't use it . 
  why be weird ? 
  lol , because american made cars sell so well in australia where fuel is literally half ( or less ) than fuel in eu ... oh hang on , they sell almost none . 
  it 's not just about petrol consumption ( although that hurts ) , it 's also about design parameters . 
  american cars mostly fail on both counts . 
  yes there are exceptions ( tesla for one ) but us cars just do n't sell well in europe because they are n't made to eu preferences , it 's not complex . 
  yes , i 've lived in us , au and eu and driven cars in all of the above . 
  edit , apologies , on the small screen i mistook the colour of the stars - same argument holds but how many us cars do you see in nz ( which is closer to euro style roads in the main - nice driving roads ! ), 
  no they 're not . 
  there are models made in each country that are not available in the us or in the other countries . 
  the hsv commodores were uniquely designed and built in australia but were only sold in uk in small numbers ( and not at all in germany ) due to eu import protectionism ( they were limited to 50 per year iirc ), 
  holden was until very recently firmly australian . 
  now that it no longer makes its own cars then the holden badged cars will be thai , korean and german mostly , not many american cars are made in a way that can be produced in right hand drive . 
  similarly many vauxhalls are definitely british although some are rebadged australian , german , korean etc edit corrected lhd to rhd ( doh ! ), 
  just extend that black strip vertically and make it a black cross , sorted, 
  must have been an oversight, 
  i 'm told the boys are also doing well in brazil, 
  sense of humour fail . 
  it 's actually the rational conclusion to the eus drive to become a federal state . 
  if your primary/overarching allegiance is the eu not germany ( or spain/uk ) then it makes more sense to reduce to a local ethnic allegiance ( hmm not expressing that well , may have to come back to it ), 
  yeah but erdogan hates the kurds more than isis . 
  he 'd rather accept dead citizens killed by isis than give the kurds any succour, 
   there 's no reason to break english spelling rules and create more exceptions the english language treats spelling rules the same way the french treat road rules and the greeks treat tax rules : as guidance for everyone but themselves . 
  it 's the warantless part that shits me . 
  if the goverment has enough cause to convince an independent judge to approve a warrant then knock yourself out , surveil away . 
  what we have now is a pan opticon , everything is recorded and watched without any probable cause , not even a piss weak cursory one . 
  show me a labour economist who has taken the last few year 's advances in automation into their model and then maybe that would be a useful statement . 
  back when the demographic bulge was looking like causing a big problem more immigrants was a good plan for supporting the welfare state . 
  i know of no mainstream labour economist who is truly across the tech wave coming and has put it in their modelling . 
  poor generals always plan to fight the last war , not the one coming ... 
  source : economist : amongst several hats i wear . 
  and then you guys promised the pensioners a shed load of money would be tipped into the nhs kitty ( and we all know how badly it has been bled dry over the last few years ) , and granny , quite rationally said `` yep , that 'll do me , more money to make sure i 'm not waiting 15 years for a hip operation '' and so the wool was pulled over their eyes , they 're not getting a brass razoo more into the nhs , it 'll keep getting cut , and the economy will also suffer . 
  ahh but we stuck it to the man , hey ? 
  yes , yes you 're right, 
  well it must be the evil lying toilet paper because we do n't get any of that hot burny thing, 
  interesting . 
  the eu has an even worse democracy problem than i thought . 
  if so much of what is going on has such lukewarm support it 's hardly surprising it has ambivalent support . 
  does n't change my mind that 52/48 is an insufficient majority to blow up an economy with , but i 'll certainly grant there is precedent . 
  i would point out that pretty much everything there had a clear `` thing '' that people were voting for ( as opposed to the very unclear brexit - even ignoring the porkies told , is it out of the eu and stay in the eea ( soft brexit ) vs hard brexit . 
  would be nice if we could at least get a say on how much we 're being screwed up . 
  oh well i moved here ( uk ) to be part of the eu , i guess i 'm going to have to move again . 
  lol , you are the one who requested i do so , here 's the screenshot of the prefs http://imgur.com/a/ambcw and umm  foreign language subs are still in english . 
  lol i fail to see what being australian has to do with anything , please do enlighten me with your glorious shining knowledge of the world outside bumfuck idaho, 
  well , thank you for the exhaustive list , i 'll take it as read that you are truthful and accurate . 
  i 'm certainly not about to check !, 
  i do n't think you 've addressed the core issue though - i suspect that all of the above went through on substantial majorities ? 
  the core problem with this vote is that it is so close . 
  to use one example you have referenced above - i know that norway went to a second vote because the first one was so close , it would seem logical to me that if the country is split evenly simply saying ( for exaggerated effect ) `` look , 45million voted against , 45million and one voted for it , so suck it up '' the norwegian response to the first knock back was to look at the proposal and try and find a way to make it clearly more palatable ( and yes i know that did n't work ) . 
  i still think that should be done here . 
  a second vote is the only democratic thing , not the least democratic thing . 
  democracy is not meant to be the tyranny of the majority . 
  edit : the point is that if you want a cohesive country working towards outcomes that most people can live with is worth the extra effort . 
  belittling people ( on either side ) for their concerns is inimical to respect for governance and buy in . 
  the latter being a significant and growing problem .
