  good on the netherlands ( and germany and austria ) . 
  nfi what the uk position is , something wishy washy probably . 
  exactly what i came to say . 
  it literally is n't going to matter what you choose , both are going to mess your life up , and everyone you care about . 
  they 'll do it in different ways , and some individuals may do better in one than the other , but how selfish do you have to be to choose one because you think you might prosper at the expense of the rest ? 
  uk i assume ? 
  our railways , they 're an utter shambles and yet we were once world leaders . 
  they usually get mentioned by their regional names in western media not the acronym . 
  thanks . 
  the could of bot needs a medal, 
  sorry for my ignorance but dpr and lpr are which countries ? 
   `` do n't blow arabians '' blow as in `` exhale air '' or blow as in `` fellatio '' ? 
  ahh , thank you . 
  what are slingers ? 
  lol . 
  applause . 
  clever guy , saved himself a $ 400 fine and got 20 years in prison instead, 
  try getting a work visa into the eu if you 're from australia , nz , usa ... it 's not impossible but it 's not easy . 
  britain will be in the exact same position as those countries ( and will behave in the same way in reverse - sure as eggs ) . 
  yes , * some * people will get visas , but it will be excruciatingly hard , which is exactly how ms may wants it to be . 
  easy to say when you do n't have to bet your future on it . 
  have a look at mrs may 's track record in her previous role and statements about immigration to date and assure me that immigration * is n't * a focus . 
  ireland has a treaty with the uk going back to 1920 's / 1930 's for free movement . 
  this means a pole can live there ( part of eu ) and a uk citizen can live there ( there is no reason it would be wiped out under brexit ) . 
  get jobs in eire, 
  nope , not at all . 
  rhyming slang was definitely a strong part of the cockney patois , it used to be a major part of a significant uk dialect the reason it is suspected to have originated in oz was because while they both use rhyming slang only one of the two countries has a strong tendency to shorten every word and add a vowel at the end . 
  septic for yank , probably cockney ; seppo , shortening of septic and add a vowel , probably australian . 
  if you 're familiar with ( older ) australian colloquial speech , a typical sentence would be something like : jacko and dazza came over for a barbie , scorched a few snags and they settled down to watch the footy . 
  pretty much every word more than a syllable is shortened if possible ( noting this type of speech is more typical of ww2 through 80s it 's dying out now same as cockney is pretty much replaced with `` estuary '' english ) edit translation `` jack and darren came over for a barbecue , cooked some sausages and then settled in to watch rugby league/australian rules football ( state of origin determining the translation of footy ) '', 
  it comes from world war 2 an era when rhyming slang was still a thing . 
  septic tank rhymes with yank and is then shortened to seppo . 
  it 's far more common in australia and nz than uk and was quite possibly brought to the uk rather than originating here, 
  yanks , not yankees is very common in uk , nz and oz . 
  the only time i 've heard anyone say yankees was with reference to the sportsball team ( baseball ?? ), 
  yebbut from blair onwards it 's not been a left party , that 's why corbyn is now leader , to the despair of the media and the neolibs in the plp , he 'll never succeed but he 's trying to bring it back leftwards . 
  the media have almost won their campaign though he 'll be gone soon . 
  well they do call us rosbif for a reason !, 
  they should n't be surprised an english ( wo ) man can knock out a decent roast !, 
   although i suppose it could be seen as strange that someone has actually thought about a law before implementing it !, 
  i 'm confident * that * wo n't happen again, 
  i do n't speak either but to me they sounded like the same language with a different regional accent . 
  ( i hasten to add i get they are different , but they sounded very similar ), 
  lol was n't expecting australian comedy in this thread . 
  nah that does n't sound at all like norwegian or swedish to me , very pleasant to the ear though , very ... musical ? 
   wonder if that 's the same reason why we 're compared to simlish sometimes ? 
  a guess : because the scandinavian language families have so many root words in common with english ( we swiped a bunch of your words thanks to the parts of england under viking rule , and then we have common germanic roots ) that some of the words sound like i * should * know what you 're sayng , but i do n't ... 
  disappointing really :-) it was a great mental image for a while !, 
  which meaning of pants ? 
  illegal to wear knickers or illegal to wear jeans ? 
  imagines the gendarmes walking around lifting dresses to check the pussy is n't wrapped :-), 
  i think he was suggesting that they would be included . 
  the americans tend to refer to all of the former `` eastern bloc '' ie warsaw pact/soviet ally states as eastern europe , without differentiating that countries like hungary , czechia and poland are more correctly central europe . 
  it comes from the term eastern bloc rather than actual geography, 
  it was pretty ( architecturally ) the castle was cool . 
  the street food and mulled wine at the markets was great . 
  had a really nice vibe . 
  it was my friend 's home town so he was passionate about it which helped too . 
  i suspect we 're looking for different things when we visit a city :-) i 'm guessing ibiza is more your speed ? 
  mother/wife , daughter/aunt . 
  incest, 
  hmm i had a czech plaintively request we do n't use czechia as it sounds like a sexually transmitted disease , is there a big split on the word ? 
   i do n't remember any such periods for russia feb 1917 to oct 1917 iirc that 's it for the millenium , tried it once , did n't like it :-), 
  might be helpful to specify which cities you perceive as hyped ... 
  well deserved in my opinion , i loved krakow, 
  unfortunately not currently available on netflix in the uk but i 'll keep an eye out for it, 
  damn !, 
  thanks for reminding me , i was halfway through watching ocho apellidos catalanes on netflix the other night and fell asleep - will go back now and finish it . 
  ines garcia, 
  that was surprisingly good when i tried it . 
  mind you it was about a million degrees below zero in warsaw so anything warm to prevent turning into an icicle would have been good . 
  marmite with peanut butter ? 
  really ? 
  except texas , as every texan loves to tell you !, 
  indeed , but also i think that as it was an act of parliament that united the two kingdoms , it would be illogical for it to not be able to undone by an act of parliament . 
  the us has the same `` problem '' as spain - with the exception of texas it is an `` indissoluble union '' in their consitution iirc . 
  texas gets an out because they negotiated that as part of the entry deal during the 30seconds they were an independent country . 
  agree wholeheartedly . 
  i 'm pleased i live in a country where few regularly attend church ( circa 10 or 15 % i think ) . 
  religion had some marginal positives a long time ago , post renaissance it 's a blight . 
  spanish constitution does n't allow for secession . 
  while uk parliament can allow a scottish referendum to lead to a split , supposedly that is not possible in spain ( based on media articles on the subject i 'm no expert ), 
  not transferred , but there 's no reason you ca n't be added as a second driver to the insurance provided the insurance provider / policy allowed it . 
  if you have a mate in britain who is willing to buy and insure the car for you that is definitely the easiest route . 
  just make sure you get one in lhd drive rather than rhd and get him to put you on the insurance . 
  put it this way , could you get your mate to buy a car and you drive it around in australia without it being a problem ( as long as it does n't get reported stolen ) ? 
  same here . 
  not a problem . 
  just make sure you have a copy of the insurance policy in the car ( legal requirement in much of eu ) that shows you 're on the policy, 
  yes . 
  eu rules allows any eu registered car to drive within the eu find out about insurance before you fly in , anecdotally i 'm told it 's very hard to get if you 're not a resident , that may influence which country you buy in . 
  uk * may * be easier if you are insured in australia with a company like allianz for example that also has offices here ( no claim bonus transfer ) . 
  do bring copies of your current insurance policies to prove no claim bonus . 
  well that one is the same answer as given above for romanians , the basques held a difficult to invade mountainous area and were able to retain practical autonomy well into the second millenium . 
  tl ; dr shitty hard to invade , and not good enough to settle even when invaded compared to nearby options . 
  yeah you 're right corn syrup not sugar, 
  good advice on 5 . 
  paris to london centre to centre is just as fast and a lot less painful on the train , and if you book in the less preferred slots well in advance it can be fairly cheap, 
  berlin is fine , and definitely worth visiting . 
  the antipodean ghetto is in clapham nowadays ( earls court no longer ) ;-),
