  the key thing missing is some sort of why and how of the cause of break up . 
  i 'd actually disagree with the consensus , anything extreme enough to cause the eu to fragment despite the deliberate tightly woven ties currently in place is quite probably extreme enough to disrupt the existing status quo . 
  also do n't underestimate the ability of a country to make stupid irrational choices . 
  at the very least there will be a natural tendency to strengthen existing regional alliances at the expense of more remote ones . 
  scandinavia , visigrad 4 , benelux etc will naturally draw together in the absence of the eu , but that does n't necessarily mean they 'll be as supportive of members outside their own clique as they are now . 
  will not do so while ever erdogan is in power, 
  in the uk motorcycles are comparatively rarer than the us , mostly because it rains a lot i suspect . 
  you get inner city scooters but not the flocks you 'll see in rome or paris . 
  bikes are mostly weekend toys for when the weather is fine - a sunny july sunday in wales you 'll see plenty , middle of january , not so much . 
  my great grandfather was on the somme and was gassed . 
  i asked about the great war when i was 7 , he told me i could n't understand how bad it was . 
  that 's it . 
  would n't say anything else . 
  even yanks thinks received pronunciation sounds posh !, 
  ok , so it 's an acceptable spelling in jamaican english to refer to that dialect . 
  lol , i love the translations . 
  that they ai n't standard - ugly even ? 
  interesting , in what language is it spelt patwa ? 
  it 's patois in english and french ( from which english borrowed it ), 
  england - my kids go to primary ( reception to 6th ) - ~ 150kids - local high school/secondary school circa 1500 i believe, 
  estonia , east germany , czech republic , poland . 
  i suspect i might like others ( like latvia ) but i 've not been there . 
  do n't know anything about the rough riders , but the answer to the second question is `` the same reason poor whites have a very high enlistment rate , lack of alternative opportunities when you 're not privileged '', 
  yeah but the interactions between scotland and the island of ireland have been complicated over the last 2000 years . 
  france has been a solid ally to scotland . 
  whereas scotland and ireland have been combined kingdoms , enemies , allies and reluctant co-combatants, 
  very surprised the gop even know australia exists , ca n't count the number of times the conversation has gone `` yup , we were there with you in korea , and vietnam , yep , gulf war 1 , aghanistan , iraq , pretty much anytime you 've asked '', 
  ok but fyi `` born in a barn '' is n't closing doors specific in english ( it 's broader bad manners ) or at least it was for a northern father/irish mother , dialetical differences probably abound, 
  yeah `` were you born in a tent '' was common where i grew up , to which my smartarse sister used to reply `` no a hospital with automatic doors '', 
   the english expression `` raised in a barn '' refers to not closing doors behind you ( a lot of barns never had doors ) . 
  errmm no , being raised in a barn has the implication that you have the manners of a cow or horse . 
  it might be used in reference to failing to close a door but could equally apply to not wiping your feet when coming in doors or some other social faux pas . 
  ahh of course , the super close presidential election yeah i could see that result annoying the losing side and leaving them feeling a little less patriotic . 
  i 'm curious , what is your suspicion as to why ? 
  hmm `` widely '' though would be geographically dispersed though would n't it , not volume of people ? 
  prcs national day is n't celebrated in the chinese diaspora ( mostly because a non trivial slug of them are there because their ancestors were on the losing side ), 
  how is it that the canadians constantly get ribbed about that but the norwegians do n't ? 
  there 's something wrong with that map , australia got independence jan 1 1901 ( we do n't celebrate it as a national day btw , we celebrate the british landing 125 years earlier on jan 26 ) . 
  ditto for the kiwis , they got independence just after us ( 1903 i think ) delayed slightly because of arguments about whether they would become part of oz or not . 
  they 're still listed in the aussie constitution if they ever change their minds :-), 
  well , it 's not bizarre if you want to be clear who you 're referring to , if i just say ireland that could be the island of ireland or the republic of ireland . 
  if i say \u00c9ire or roi it 's immediately clear what i 'm talking about . 
  possibly related , i 've only been pinged for calling it \u00c9ire since my flair changed from australian to uk , coincidence ? 
  thanks for your considered reply , it 's good to see a different viewpoint . 
  i did n't reply immediately because i was biting back waves of sarcastic replies . 
  i will certainly agree there has been a bunch of positive impacts from immigration , unfortunately the brexiteers do n't and wish it to stop . 
  yeah i think we agree it 's got an important place in german culture now . 
  regardless of its antecedents :-), 
  ok , so this guy is the one who made it popular in germany ? 
  `` several people have been credited with being the `` inventor of the d\u00f6ner kebab '' in germany , but such claims - including that for nurman - are widely considered inaccurate . 
  [ 4 ] the familiar rotating d\u00f6ner kebab meat , roasted on a vertical spit and sliced with a sword , has been well known in turkey since the mid-1800s . 
  its invention is generally credited to \u0130skender efendi of bursa . 
  [ 5 ] '' i dunno , maybe he created one variant , but even the pita bread versus flat bread thing is n't consistent . 
  look it really is n't important , i just do n't see a convincing argument that the move from vertical spit roast in the 1800s to serving that meat on bread with salad only arose in germany and was exported rather than rose organically as a logical next step in multiple places . 
  yeah i saw that , but it 's contradicted elsewhere ( on the wiki ) with stories of the same development elsewhere simultaneously . 
  the claim seems dubious to me . 
  sorry , no , the turks invented it and exported it all over , it was hitting london and new york and etc at the same time as it came to germany https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/doner_kebab, 
   there are other factors that make the uk very attractive though i do n't suppose you 'd mind reminding me what they are would you ? 
  i think you 're confused , there are just remarkably few civilised countries, 
  yebbut hang on , a bunch of your countrymen got very snotty when i used \u00c9ire , apparently that 's only ok if you 're writing in irish ( or something , i 'd have to go back to the thread ), 
  it 's a quality rant :-), 
  yeah umm , it was an `` aliens '' reference https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=acbfmkh940q, 
   why would they not simply ~ ~ blast ~ ~ nuke us from orbit ? 
  it 's the only way to be sure, 
  ditto , add me to the uk list of never heard of it, 
  the dutch g i get , but zee is zay ? 
  you buggers are nearly as messed up as english , that makes no sense . 
  ( pot , kettle black ... english pronounciation makes no sense at all either ), 
   edit : it 's the way glas and zee are pronounced that would throw an english speaker off if anything ... oh ? 
  i assumed glas would be a `` short a '' version of glass ( long a ) . 
  ie same a as apple . 
  similarly i assumed zee would rhyme with sea . 
  how would they be pronounced ? 
  huh ? 
  you have glaciers in denmark ? 
  ahh that makes more sense to me now , just used for this thread , not really common usage, 
  heh , brilliant , yes i get it , easier with your transliteration into english spelling but yeah you can understand that ( makes sense if they 're borrowed from english in the first place - i 'm surprised that russian did n't already have those words or equivalents ), 
  ahh - that phrase has two meanings in english , one literal one figurative - the introverts meaning is also valid in english ( ie if you said `` still waters run deep '' about a person it would be that meaning ), 
  what would it be phonetically ? 
  ( i have no idea what sounds the cyrillic letters map to ), 
  ok that works ( provided j is pronounced as a y ) the man drinks a glass of seawater by the sea, 
  still water has deep ???? 
  gronden sounds like ground - is it equivalent to `` still waters run deep '' ? 
  the danish one above i could get but not that one - which language was that norwegian ? 
  ie isbjerg and iceberg are cognates but i 'd not have guessed isfjell was an iceberg, 
  lol . 
  you betray your ignorance with your opening gambit . 
  go on then , explain how the united kingdom has changed in governance so dramatically since the mid 1700s that it is entirely unlike what it is now . 
  never said the usa was n't influential . 
  read what i actually wrote . 
  why would i study a minor war in north america instead of the mongols or rome , they changed the world . 
  why study usa empire rather than spain 's when you 've barely yet equalled their achievements and we fought dozens of wars with them ? 
  yes , there are many political systems and countries in europe that have been unchanged for more than the 250 years of the usa 's existence . 
  not to mention the idea that only the last 250 years matters . 
  there 's thousands of years of european history and hundreds of countries that have lasted 250 + years . 
   we were the first independent american country , sure , you were the first in a sequence of american countries gaining independence but that does n't make you any more special than bolivia or mexico . 
  what is particularly exciting to learn ? 
  it may have changed your world but it was a minor hiccup for us . 
  it 's not like you guys were actually of any significance for another 125 years . 
   and the global superpower we became sure , but at this stage you still have n't out done the roman , mongol or british empires by any measure ( land conquered , people subjugated etc ) , and exactly how long do you think you 'll be sitting in that hot seat with your current leader busily dismantling all your alliances ?
