  at its largest its empire had norway finland greenland estonia and down into what 's now poland and eastern germany i think . 
  i visited a museum in katowice poland where they had a battle with the swedes circa 1500 . 
  the vikings had a big slug of british isles at one stage , not sure if that 's the ones from what is now sweden , probably the norwegian ones . 
  ruled norway until very recently ( 1880 maybe ? ), 
  people from gothenburg love it when you guess there instead of stockholm in the `` where are you from '' conversation because everyone forgets they exist ( swedes from stockholm will jump in at that point and suggest there 's a good reason for that , banter ensues ) like a high level of personal space and are much less demonstrative than southern europeans . 
  mostly tend to be well organised and outcomes rather than people oriented ( hmm generalisations about a nation oh well , `` not all swedes '' etc ) edit : oh and saab , who can forget the quirkiest cars that did n't come out of france, 
   anyway this has become stupid as you went full retard . 
  as you sow , so shall you reap . 
  i do n't need to convince anyone , and they would n't be fighting for lithuania anyway , they 'd be fighting a preemptive defence of their own countries against the biggest threat to europe . 
  the political leaders of the countries in question have already signed up for this defence pact , and they have already started sending troops . 
  now if your dictator in chief can manage to not start a war with the eu as he seems so determined to do the med and balkan peoples can stop keeping a wary eye on you guys waiting for a knife in the back, 
   eu armies ( leave france and britain aside ) do not take mission in any conflict zone . 
  well that 's not true , there were troops from most eu nations ( outside of france and uk ) in afghanistan and iraq ( poland and netherlands most notably in some serious fighting ), 
  lol . 
  france has a very strong military and is quite prepared to use it . 
  i do n't agree with the rest , but you are absolutely correct about the budgets . 
  russian military spending gets twice ( or more ) value for the amount spent as the eu . 
  salaries are lower , there are fewer niceties and none of the weaponry is imported . 
  eu does n't get the same value for money spent compared to russia . 
  edit thanks for the downvotes putinbots , you always hate it when anyone points out the `` russia weak and incapable '' line is bullshit, 
  would n't matter , war would be declared when a hostile power attacked our troops stationed in lithuania ( or latvia/estonia ) and yes , the country leaders certainly would risk their people ; as belgium well knows , better to have the front line in another country than your own . 
  it does n't matter . 
  the disincentive is that as soon as russia fires on the troops there they 've just declared war on pretty much every eu country , latvia and lithuania are n't particularly defensible but france , germany , uk and ( assuming it lives up to its treaty ) usa will be fronting up with serious arms shortly after it kicks off . 
  no nato troops makes it too easy for russia to send in the little green men again , and then dare nato to do something, 
  no but they are ineffective and over ruled by eu law until we leave, 
  tried to post it . 
  mod killed it . 
  the far left and the far right rarely get a look in , yeah rev nile might have had the balance of power innsw once but he did n't get a lot through . 
  i ca n't recall the far left ever having that level of influence . 
  western europe may be ignorant of hk and china , but australia is very aware of its largest trading partner and the former british colony that is a major trading hub, 
  pfffttt if they can do eurovision why not eu ? 
  stone cold sober son . 
  good idea though , let 's do it . 
  picky picky , you and your technicalities, 
  i understand your point , but sincerely doubt it getting any traction . 
  i ca n't disprove it however , so < shrug  . 
  an opportunity to join a large collective with values much closer to mainstream australians than the americans and chinese ? 
  why would n't you ? 
  particularly with the yanks and the brits losing their minds lately . 
  the 2 largest non european minorities are chinese and indian subcontinent ( india/pakistan ) both of whose immigrants have been often shown to be strongly pro-trade and against trade barriers . 
  it would be more likely to be pushed back on by the one nation and bernardi `` ringe fence the country '' crowd , but they get at most 10 % , the far left fringe who might get worried about `` colonialism '' have limited traction at the best of times , and the eu has a brilliant track record on rights of the minority and generally soft left cultural platforms so the odds of them getting any traction would be near enough to zero . 
  do n't forget just how high a percentage of our population backpack in the eu and work here , there 's like 200k in germany along with the decent numbers in many other parts other than the uk . 
  i genuinely think it would be popular . 
  but i ca n't prove it . 
  never happen anyway . 
  wtf ? 
  have you been taking corey bernardi 's drugs ? 
  edit to respond to the edit , given uk is out of eu i ca n't see your point ( and yes i 'm an aussie in the uk ), 
  most australians would love to join the eu . 
  the equivalent of ukip ( one nation ) and a small percent of the conservatives would n't be pleased , but the average aussie would love it . 
  never happen though , murdoch owns 75 % of the papers and similar oligarchs have too much sway . 
  there always has been a subset of people who wished to leave , they only went from a single digit minority to 40 % because consequences of austerity and everything else wrong with the uk was blamed on the eu . 
  now the truth of where the blame lies is seeping through , support for brexit and tories has ebbed and will continue to ebb ( imnsho ), 
  < sings  `` you do n't know what you got 'til it 's gone '', 
  oh sorry , i had n't seen anyone actually explain the acronym , was just being helpful :-), 
  bce is before common era and ce is common era, 
  ok , cheers . 
  i 'll come back with a better answer , and to be clear i 'm not a professional historian , i just find this interesting : i 'd need to go back to sources to get you good info but in broad sweep not just the usual slaughter of the losing armies ( par for the course ) but massacring women and children including torture `` as an example to the natives '' , hunting irish for sport , displacement of entire areas populations to areas unable to support anyone so they starved . 
  implementation of laws that treated them as subhuman and allowed few rights . 
  basically everything that was done piecemeal to any of their conquered lands wasdone wholesale to ireland . 
  to compare , the aboriginal population of australia was reduced from about 1.5 m to 200,000 in under 100 years , ireland lost several times that many in a similar time say 1550 to 1650 . 
  the treatment of the aboriginals included deliberately poisoning them with arsenic laced flour , * possibly * ( it 's contentious but there is evidence ) deliberately giving them smallpox , and deliberately massacring them . 
  however with the exception of atrocities like the myall creek massacre and tasmania , women and children were much less likely to be slaughtered ( not saying they were treated well ) and i do n't believe any cases of public torture ( at a time when they were still flogging convicts to death ) . 
  awful yes , somewhat less awful , also yes . 
  i 'll get you a better answer with sources tomorrow from the pc ( one finger typing on ipad is slow ) edit think ramsay bolton from game of thrones, 
  yes . 
  unequivocally . 
  and that 's as an australian with a decent understanding of what was done to the aboriginals ( and it was very bad ) . 
  yeah , very true , the process that made the inverse true had an horrific civilian death toll both directly and indirectly though . 
  the methods used to displace the irish were among the worst across britain 's imperial history , there 's only a handful of other instances at the same atrocity level . 
  technically correct but very misleading iirc i think ireland was the most free in 1500 of any time from normans to 20th c - king of england was the nominal monarch but place was being run by the locals , tudors had to reconquer it https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/history_of_ireland_ ( 1169 -- 1536 ) not mentioned on wikipedia but i thought there were also still a section in the west outside the english crown edit yeah here it is https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tudor_conquest_of_ireland#ireland_in_1500 the english controlled `` the pale '' about a third of the island in the south and east . 
  ( hence the phrase `` beyond the pale '' for things that just are n't ok ) `` beyond those territories large areas of land previously held by authority of the english crown were taken by the resurgent gaelic irish , particularly in the north and midlands . '', 
  i love your optimism that an international corporation would let slide an opportunity to screw us , but i hope you 're right . 
  as brexit has n't happened ( only article 50 notice ) the uk telcos will have to abide by it until 2019, 
  apologies for shortchanging you :-), 
  true , true . 
  i guess ivf quads do happen . 
  kinda rare circumstance though . 
  while i 'm sure that is also true , where i grew up that was the colloquial abbreviation for millimetres . 
  points quietly at the bottom of the post ( 7hours before yours ) where i say 1,2 & 4 pints get most of the shelf space , 6 does n't get much . 
  perhaps had a pint or two of lager before posting that one ? 
  sure , but younger children would n't consume the volume of milk that would cause you to buy 3l/6pint milk would they ? 
  yeah , that cuboid layout would be a pain . 
  they 're wider not higher though . 
  think two humans the same height and depth through the chest but one has wider shoulders . 
  no not impractical at all , they fit in the fridge door slot , 2 across , and if the locust hordes ca n't pour themselves a glass out of a max 3kg bottle by now then i 've wasted a large amount of money on both food and all sorts of sports :-) http://www.sainsburys.co.uk/shop/gb/groceries/sainsburys-british-whole-milk-34l-%286-pint%29 they 're a normal 2l bottle depth and height , they 're just an extra 7 or 8cm across the width ( ie along the fridge door ), 
  really ? 
  you see no parallels between putin 's expansions/annexations into areas with significant russian populations ( ukraine , georgia etc ) and hitler 's expansion / annexation of areas with significant german populations ( austria , czechoslovakia , poland etc ) ? 
  is there not some politically acceptable way of doing it ? 
  perhaps making it part of the nato entry ? 
  we have to be at peace before they let us in ? 
  with nato membership comes protection against it being the `` thin edge of the wedge '' for further russian advances, 
  they 're not the `` normal '' size , most people buy 500ml / 1litre / 2litre , 95 % of the supermarket shelf is 1 and 2litre . 
  the super family sized is hidden in the corner . 
  we buy the big ones because the boys go through a lot of milk ( and meat , and fruit and pretty much anything they can lay their hands on , locusts are more picky ) edit actually that would be 568ml/1136ml/2372ml sizes ie 1pint/2pint/4pint, 
  historically 10year age differences have n't been a problem :-) it would be pretty cool if they got together . 
  well , no , that would n't be ok . you can swap out charlie when he takes over no one will care , but qe2 is doing well . 
  is he really that bad ? 
  i confess to following french and german politics more closely , but he seemed ok . 
  not as far as i 'm aware .
