  certainly where i live ( white middle class area ) british tradesmen are very much * not * the preferred option . 
  it 's a very different demographic that has an issue with them . 
   like i said , i live in a bubble , hard to imagine even 10 % of the people i meet voting leave , all our work seems so connected to europe . 
  you 're probably about right , a large majority of london voted remain ( about 2/3rds i think ) , but the vote was very demographically skewed - if you 're working with the educated middle class in london they voted more towards 90 % than 50 % ( again , i do n't recall the exact figures but it 's along those lines ) . 
  the key demographics who voted leave were - 1 ) over 55 ( the older the demographic the higher the vote for leave ) 2 ) poorly educated and 3 ) england outside london it 's pretty clear that it was a vote against a system that is n't working well for them - austerity is hitting the nhs and eu got blamed for that , so there 's your old people vote . 
  austerity hammers welfare and education and immigrants got blamed for that ( there 's your low income low education vote ) and london gets or is perceived to get the lion 's share of funding - and sending money to the eu is blamed for lack of funding ( the irony being the eu sends it back to the impoverished areas ) and there 's your rural england vote . 
  chuck in a little nostalgia for `` better days before the eu '' ( which never actually existed ) . 
  throw in a small portion of racists & xenophobes who hate the changes immigration brings , a small portion of the intellectually challenged who think the eu is preventing the uk from regaining the `` greatness '' of empire days and you have your main groups of leavers ( single digit percentages i believe for each of these ) . 
  it 's pretty much the same demographic as trump , and i 'd bet money it 's the same demographic who vote lepen , wilders , the hungarian guy ( orban ? ), 
  and afd . 
  i do n't understand . 
  why are you hostile to/negative about estonians who left after ww2 ? 
  yes , i got downvoted to hell when i posted that i thought brexit was good for the eu although undeniably bad for uk ( not sure which half annoyed everyone ) uk whining and carrying on was n't good for unity , conversely i hope brexit will help get focus on the democracy deficit and the bureaucracy having way too much power, 
  not being a right wing populist i think that is the least of the logic problems with her suggested solutions to france 's problems , but i 'm biased, 
  sorry ott is `` over the top '' ie hyperbolic or exaggerated behaviour the uk is turning away from europe , to my dismay , and that of a very large minority . 
  i 'd disagree the probrexit mob are a majority ( in / r/europe or even reddit old people do n't do reddit as much ) , but they are certainly very loud and active , a bit like the denizens of / r / the_doland who come piling i and brigade whenever the day glo orange one is criticised , there are a small corps of the brexiters who do the same ( and then whine about all the subs being left wing in the process ), 
  yes , the uk media universally sucks, 
  well , i think there is a misunderstanding on here that in some way he speaks for the government or is representative of some portion of the ruling party 's position . 
  a ** very reasonable misapprehension ** , but a misapprehension nevertheless . 
  if you check my posting history you 'll find me unrelentingly critical of may , her govt and the fiasco that is brexit . 
  i still think this entire thread is ott . 
  as per a separate post in reply to you , spain has been needling britain on this for some time , so this has a history ( including a referendum a few years ago in which ~ 98 % of gibraltans said `` hell no '' to shared sovereignty with spain . ), 
  i 'm sure you can find a similar dinosaur in your own parliament ( you have no flair so i do n't know which that is ) who is likely to say the same sort of things as michael howard did . 
  the statement from the actual government was an anodyne as anything out of brussels . 
  the eu indubitably knew they 'd get an emotional reaction out of britain with this one , and well played them , getting the other party in a negotiation distracted and not thinking rationally is a time honoured method to improve your position . 
  pfft , chunnel vs pyrenees - which is a bigger barrier ? 
  brilliant !, 
  the problem is two different responses are being concatenated into one . 
  on the one hand you have a xenophobic dinosaur ( howard ) doing what old fogies do ( talking up sending the young to war ) , on the other hand you have # 10 and the foreign minister making the usual diplomatic statements . 
  there 's a bunch of hyperbole on both sides . 
  i think the eu knew very well they 'd get an emotional reaction and the uk have bitten on the bait and swallowed it hook line and sinker . 
  not in your comment , it was howard who explicitly bought it up - and it 's the reason the subreddit is a little aghast . 
  she explicitly wants to leave the euro , but i 've not seen anything reporting her * explicitly * saying she 'll leave the eu . 
  it 's been implied though , and given she 's getting paid for by putin and the breakup of the eu is definitely in his masterplan i would n't rule it out . 
   also he sounds like a xenophobic shitbag . 
  yeah he is . 
  that 's why they went to him for the soundbite , he 's nothing if not predictable . 
  first rule of negotiating , get the other side off balance and thinking emotionally and not rationally . 
  round 1 to the eu, 
  well that 's because they 're true !, 
  you forgot the / s, 
  interesting, 
   austria-hungry declared war on serbia after serbia rejected becoming a puppet state in 1914 after fighting 2 balkan wars . 
  that 's an intersting version of how ww1 started , a little different to the mainstream view . 
  no argument that russia assisted serbia , it 's the connexion between ah declaring war * because * serbia rejected becoming a puppet state that 's interesting . 
  lol , seriously ? 
  thanks , sorry , i obviously was under a misapprehension about the place . 
  wow !, 
  i 'm gobsmacked . 
  are there civilians there then ? 
  i thought pretty much everyone there was military or civilian attached to military ? 
  protests in kaliningrad ? 
  that seems improbable - it 's pretty much an army/navy camp , are there even civilians there ? 
  let alone ones who would protest ? 
  ahh !, 
  i clicked the link to their website - google has obviously been clever and added the country code in ( if you look at the url i linked it does n't have a country code , just the area code ) although if they got there that way it makes them look even dumber seeing as it clearly says rotterdam ny usa in the pic you snapped, 
  ok , something is amiss here , while rotterdam ny ( usa ) is indeed the first hit on a search for `` rotterdam police department '' the number does n't have a country code . 
  http://rotterdampd.com/contact-us/ so unless they changed it after this happened this sounds a bit weird , and it certainly is n't common for us companies/agencies to put the country code in , in my experience, 
  assuming he does n't get reelected, 
  is there a prize if i get it right ? 
  ` cos otherwise this is a pretty sucky game, 
  with good historical cause . 
  greece some palms to help smooth things through :-), 
  russia , bulgaria , romania , turkey , albania , belarus am i getting warm ? 
  very good summary , thank you , the humour is needed in these dark days, 
  naah you gave / u/unbiasedpashtun a compliment and / u/schneenermann got upset about it . 
  tone in written messages often gets lost . 
  motion carried . 
  mate , i know what it means , did you reply to the wrong person ? 
  i 'm the one who ( probably gullibly ) let op know that `` have a nice day '' was n't the correct meaning . 
  i 'm gunna have to go visit russia instead and see if i can get that nice mr trump 's ortygraff . 
  you know what i hate ? 
  when someone says something and you ca n't tell whether it 's wide eyed innocence or taking the piss . 
  i 'll take a risk of looking dumb : lad that does n't mean what he said it meant . 
  au contraire , the catholics are slowly breeding their way into a majority in northern ireland as well . 
  noting also that parts of ulster are in the republic of ireland ... 
  here 's a nice little set of graphs for you http://www.irishtimes.com/news/politics/demographic-shifts-force-change-on-ni-politicians-1.2190041 or words if you prefer http://www.ark.ac.uk/publications/books/fio/04_fio-demography.pdf, 
  ok , just trying to keep it straight !, 
  so ukrainian massacre of poles is separate to the issue of latvians being conscripted into german army . 
  got it . 
  sorry for my ignorance , i 've read the link but i ca n't understand what the upa ( ukrainian insurgent army ) has to do with latvia ? 
  yep although that 's a long way of saying it . 
  i 'd go with a single word : `` fucked '', 
   unless the uk goes for a messy hard brexit followed by an ultra-libertarian economic policy combined with unilateral free trade i 'm pretty sure that 's exactly the plan . 
  going by what little info we have to date . 
  may & davis have made it clear that they exit deal or no deal ( and all their demands are utterly impossible for the eu to agree to and get signed off by all 27 ) , so that 's `` no deal '' locked in . 
  they 've also said ` eu if you be mean to us we 'll just drop our taxes and be a tax haven ' - so given they do n't seem to be willing to put anything on the table that the eu could agree to , then that 's low taxes locked in . 
  given you ca n't run a welfare state on 10 % taxes then ultra-libertarian and unilateral free trade is the only position left . 
  the nhs was nice while it lasted ... that 'll go first . 
  naah , that 's only about 25 % there . 
  you 're 100 % on brits never liked eu much , but that 's mostly because the politicians blamed everything that went wrong on the eu to avoid the blame themselves . 
  migrant crisis from the middle east was minor - the primary ( unreasonable ) complaint was the volume of east european workers and the tabloid papers blaming those migrants for every problem known to man ( inaccurately , this is the sun et al we 're talking about ) . 
  the actual root cause of a lot of the problems that the average working stiff in uk was experiencing was the tories cutting the living shit out of funding of pretty much everything . 
  then the tabloid press blames too many migrants for the lack of services ( ignoring the cuts ) . 
  the tories then got re elected because it was all the eus fault ... and that is how using a scapegoat keeps them in power and causes brexit . 
  they 're out of scapegoats now , not sure who gets the bullet next . 
  was there any truth to putin funding ukip ? 
  he was definitely funding lepen and pretty sure i saw something about wilders and the german mob ( afp ? ), 
  getting some handouts too, 
  the two countries you can guarantee your local butcher could source you an animal dick - china and france :-),
