  more people need to take the piss out of her ( and the american president ), 
   that 's ... not a correct estimate . 
  cool , well you 'd better get onto wikipedia and correct it then , hey ? 
  i 'm sure you know better on canada 's demographics than `` statistics canada '' it 's not like they specialise in that sort of thing or anything . 
   because aboriginal canadians make up about the same % of the population as black american lol , no they do n't . 
  try again https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_states us blacks 13.3 % https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/canada canadian indigenous 4.3 % we all know why you chose canada 's most deprived group , and it sure as fuck was n't percent of population . 
  well that 's a shit comparison for a start , how about comparing canada 's aboriginal population with usa 's aboriginal population ? 
  or canada 's black population with usa 's ? 
  apples with oranges much ? 
  only 2017 ? 
  sure , they can feel strongly about it , but they 're in the same impotent position lgbt campaigners were for decades , no matter how they vote it is n't going to change now unless there is a seismic shift in popular opinion . 
  `` put your arms around him and hold him tight give up 2 the feeling and do n't try 2 fight '', 
  did you * have * to ? 
  i 've managed to not sob into my pint about how woeful may is for several hours . 
  higher legal standing, 
  preaching to the converted mate , i 'm no fan of the directive . 
  can i point out you 're trying to have a rational conversation with someone calling themself `` trolls_brigade '' i think that may be a bit quixotic, 
  yes but this improves your chances at the ecj in my understanding, 
  partial truth . 
  they were decommisioned firearms ( real guns made so they ca n't shoot usually by blocking the barrel with metal that ca n't be removed without destroying it ) that should not have been possible to fire . 
  the slovakian decommissioning process was inadequate and the requirements for decommissioning have been updated in my understanding . 
  you can legally possess a firearm in every country of the schengen zone already . 
  there are already strong laws about the use of firearms across the eu . 
  this does n't change those laws in anyway . 
  this action is an attempt to protect the existing gun owners from an eu directive that many member countries are quite unhappy about , i would suspect by codifying it as a constitional level right they are setting themselves up to be able to challenge it legally at the ecj, 
  they were passed across all of the eu , not just czech republic ( or am i missing your point ? ), 
  hmm , was the 5th item on your search linked above , i assumed you were n't referncing the president of burundi http://www.omnilexica.com/?q=cyprian, 
  it was n't bait , i knew uk had a presence but had no idea why ( i now know it was because we took over from the ottomans for 70years ) also , see edit , i was confusing malta and cyprus, 
  til cyprian is another word for prostitute, 
   pharantesez [ idk how to write this word ] ? ) . 
  `` parantheses '' or brackets, 
  greece and turkey fought a war over it , uk were involved somehow ( brokered the peace maybe ? ), 
  uk still has a small section that is part of uk with a military base there . 
  english is an official language . 
  pretty sure that it was a norman holding way way back , circa 1100 to 1400 . 
  edit . 
  dammit , confused malta with cyprus , malta not cyprus has english as an official and was the norman holding, 
  mmm looks good . 
  better get your sad on then . 
  i promise to try it next time i 'm in france, 
  on a small scale :-), 
  greek borrowing i think, 
  i think it 's as much that a crowded curriculum struggles to get everything in . 
  uk was very definitely * very * morally questionable in that war , but if we only taught the wars we were n't morally questionable in , there would n't be much history taught ... 
  it was a little like the american revolution , it was a huge deal for the locals , but not so much for the uk . 
  its main impact on the uk was informing new military tactics - a lot of what they had relied on post crimea turned out to be impacted by technology and guerilla warfare . 
  if they 'd lost it would have been a big deal , but the win meant it was n't a big turning point . 
  those learnings were taken into ww1 , some successfully , some not . 
  it swims and lives in sea , must be a fish . 
  it looks like a pile of jelly , ergo jellyfish - makes perfect sense to me . 
  back when that was named dolphins were considered fish as well . 
  yeah butterfly is just weird . 
  dragonfly is ok if you 're feeling a little fanciful , it kinda has a dragonish shape ( if you 're well pissed ), 
  perhaps a polandball reference ? 
  the polish flag is alway upside down there . 
  gold ? 
  fwiw , some of us are over on the sidelines cheering for you guys , you 've been fighting a corrupt govt harder than anyone could reasonably expect, 
  was a great shitpost , i liked the humour, 
  lol, 
  each of the nation 's flag 's colours have been replicated into a union jack - so germany 's red yellow and black is now a red/yellow/black union jack etc the joke is that spain 's is a gibraltarian flag , ireland and scotland get a standard uk union jack ( instead of orange white and green and blue and white respectively ) . 
  the french flag is the old royalist flag ( i do n't quite get the joke there - probably something historically subtle about england ruling most of france once or twice ), 
  what was that north gibraltar ? 
  shit , i 'll vote for that !, 
  probably a good thing - op forgot norway, 
  iceland was populated by male vikings and celtic women stolen from ireland iirc an article from ages ago, 
  < sigh  it 's true, 
  ca n't argue that :-), 
  sure . 
   story after story coming from sweden being distorted into something absolultey ridiculous . 
  thank heavens reddit allows you the opportunity to clear these things up !, 
  as for assange , well that was one item ( and btw to me that does n't feel natural , that feels very `` edge case '' to me - ie very much depends on circumstances given they had been having consensual sex before they fell asleep ) however without any desire to get into that mess again , the other allegations ( he was never charged ) were more bizarre ( to me , you may find them normal ) . 
  that whole schemozzle was very politicised so i 'm wary of reading too much into it , but it is certainly the case that the swedish laws * as reported * ( possibly inaccuarately ) made me feel uncomfortable . 
  then again , there 's a bunch extremely wrong with the uk rape laws as well . 
  ok i totally get  makes you want to shout out to the world that we might be small , but we 're our own . 
  i totally understand that , paricularly after the soviet occupation however `` the beginning of the continuous settlement of estonian swedes in these areas ( known as aiboland ) dates back to the 13th and 14th centuries '' http://www.nordicestonia.com/nordic/estonian-swedes/ the fact there are very few swedish estonians left now is because of a deliberate resettlement policy by both the nazis and the russians ( see the new statesman article ) and as to your other point , i think we both know how and why your russian speaking minority are there and to whom ( most of ) their allegiance lies . 
  estonia is proud to be independent , at last , after centuries of occupation by sweden and russia , but a portion of the country * was * settled by swedes and other already occupied areas were further settled by sweden when they took over it as part of their empire . 
  estonia as i understand it is composed of a number of different ( closely related ) ethnic groups , hence while the northerners dialect is similar to finnish , the southerners apparently can barely understand the finns . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong . 
  whoa , slow down . 
  the whole point of these series is to get people to talk about what they understand about other countries in the eu , off the cuff . 
  it 's not intended that people do a careful and meticulously researched summary with footnotes , it 's to put down impressions , some of which may be erroneous . 
  i have no problem with being told i 'm wrong , but seriously there 's no need to get so angry . 
  my understanding is that swedes settled what is now estonia and also settled what is now moscow - perhaps settlement is a word you 're more comfortable with than `` found '' ? 
  that estonia is really part of scandinavia ( geographically incorrect i know ) is a running meme on polandball - `` eesti can into nordics '' and etc is the running joke . 
  now i may not have the history of your country quite right , but i 'm not entirely out of the ballpark , see below . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/estonian_swedes http://www.nordicestonia.com/nordic/estonian-swedes/ http://www.newstatesman.com/culture/2014/12/minority-report-plight-estonia-s-ethnic-swedes i 'm aware that estonia is now primarily populated by people who mostly speak a tongue close to finnish and hungarian ( 4 main dialects ? 
  ) , and that most of the swedish speaking minority were forced out ( by the russians i assume ) . 
   too little source criticism ? 
  what laws are you refering to exactly ? 
  quite probably . 
  based on the reporting about the allegations against assange which went into a great deal of depth ( quite possibly inaccurately ) on the subject , plus the arguments on / europe when trump lost the plot with the swedes pointing out the high quantity of reported rapes were misleading because multiple instances = multiple reports , which then devolved into extensive arguments on the topic of swedish rape laws . 
  i did n't claim to have researched the topic nor to be an expert , i 'm sorry that you felt attacked , as with the line above it about the lack of catsuits in stockholm i was intending to be light hearted and tongue in cheek . 
  apologies for any offence caused . 
  first knew sweden existed thanks to my mother 's obssession with abba . 
  disappointing lack of women in one piece catsuits and platform shoes in stockholm when i visited . 
  weird scary rape laws . 
  swedish women are hot but i 'd be too scared to get laid there . 
  takes feminism very seriously . 
  ikea fought a million wars with denmark but sat out ww2 . 
  founded estonia and moscow and a few other eastern cities in the rus ( is that the correct term ) .
