  no single european country could resist , only while we 're united can we . 
  if eu falls apart , putin will pick off what he wants and make as many prorussian states as he can subvert , trump will look the other way . 
  so , if lepen wins , then you should get worried , france and britain out of the eu will advance putin 's cause a very long way . 
  if the next french president is pro eu and the eu stops shooting itself in the foot the eu/russian cold war can continue for quite some time longer with shots being fired, 
  motion seconded , they 're worse than toilet paper , tp at least has a use . 
  my point precisely . 
  win-win !, 
  lol . 
  way to prove the premise of this thread . 
  all the ones lauding sweden 's wonderfullness are n't swedes in the first 5 links ( i got bored by then ) . 
  hint `` i left amerikkka '' might be a clue ... 
  yes there are plenty of people saying how certain things about america and americans suck ( which is true , goes for any country ) . 
  that is a whole load of butthurt you got there . 
  hate to upset you but america is neither universally loved nor hated , but there are certain things about your culture most of the rest of the world dislike . 
  edit , got mah grammah muddled, 
  the swedish cultural very strongly punishes boastfulness and excessive ego , so your depiction is at odds with typical sedish behaviour . 
  respectfully disagree , brexit and trump mainly spring from the same well . 
  dissatisfaction by the poor and less educated being exploited through lies by a certain segment of the very wealthy for their own ends . 
  oh go on , i was on a death panel only yesterday . 
  edit speeling, 
  somewhere to put the tourists to keep them out of your hair ? 
  yeah vienna is over rated :-p, 
  we probably got it from you guys then , given the huge irish influx , and it 's certainly not an english thing, 
  yep . 
  known as `` tall poppy syndrome '' in australia . 
  exactly as described . 
  updated info http://www.independent.co.uk/news/business/news/davos-big-banks-future-post-brexit-banking-jobs-move-eu-financial-sector-goldman-sachs-hsbc-wef-a7536836.html, 
  lol , lying dogs . 
  some of it has to leave uk . 
  eu rules prevent settlement of certain types of trade outside eu `` passporting '' ( uk had to fight to get that , france wanted to mandate euro deals had to settle in the euro zone ) , they prevented switzerland from having access to these trades as they were n't eu . 
  indeed , very good point , and it 's the same system almost all of the usa uses ( common law ) , so that is another attraction for us uk aus canada etc firms, 
  i was a bit busy the couple of months after brexit with a different bank - must have missed that, 
  lol . 
  yodel are the worst . 
  sounds like nottingham is doing well . 
  in fairness to kingston , the ancient market / growers market they do has some excellent street food stalls, 
  if so i missed it , i know they threatened multiple times to move to singapore/china/hk to try and ( unsuccessfully ) win concessions from the govt . 
  edit : that was before brexit to avoid confusion, 
  independent can be a good thing , but it 's more about the quality and type of food the average cafe serves . 
  kingston upon thames is a fairly major centre , yet there are exactly 2 cafes ( out of about 35 ) that serve drinkable coffee . 
  the food in the vast majority ranges from awful to `` if it was cheap i guess i 'd be ok with this , but for 12 quid ? 
  you 're kidding . '', 
  i ( literally ) yesterday went to a thai on the river front for lunch . 
  nice fitout , pleasant servers . 
  tasteless food . 
  # 34 for two lunch meals and a soft drink each later i was well unimpressed . 
  ( yes that 's not a cafe but you get the idea ) . 
  :-) i would n't be surprised if many locals also did n't know - a lot of people seem to have a `` it 's always been this way , i do n't care why '' mentality, 
  great explanation, 
  they 're talking the talk , but they 're not walking the walk on changing visa tax and employment laws ( hardly surprising when hollande 's popularity rating is single digits ) . 
  they would have to make massive changes to be more attractive than the other options . 
  their main advantage is a lot of banks already do have a presence there . 
  they 'll get those who either have traditional relationships with france or have a significant presence there already . 
  the mix of existing traders and where they are willing to move will have an impact . 
  do n't forget , they have to relocate or replace traders , convincing traders to relocate to the city with the highest personal tax rates in eu is a hard sale . 
  the prevalence of english is also hugely lower than the other 3 ( near enough to 100 % for eire and nederlands , not too far off in frankfurt for the target demographic ) . 
  the plus for paris though , is it 's paris , it 's a destination city . 
  people want to live there . 
  hence why i said it will fracture , paris will get some but not all like it wants ( and dreams it can ) . 
  if we were still in the days of open outcry it would be a winner take all fight between frankfurt and paris , the other two would n't get a look in . 
  nowadays fractured does n't matter quite so much . 
  streetlighters ? 
  they were still campaigning for the job security of the campfire tender . 
  umm , yeah , ceos of billion pound banks are prone to knee jerk reactions ? 
  aah no . 
  yes . 
  there are only a limited number of possible scenarios , so you build your plans around the most likely 2or 3 , and as more info becomes available you drop the no longer relevant ones . 
  this process started in august , the gantt charts are populated , options on real estate are being negotiated right now , etc etc. 
  the execution phase will commence as soon as we have certainty . 
  hard brexit is no longer talk , the pm pretty much promised it yesterday . 
  preaching to the converted mate . 
  i think brexit is the stupidest act of financial seppuku i 've seen in a decade, 
  it 's not in the eu 's power to gift . 
  the banks are making decisions based on their own parameters , and they 'll decide where to move to . 
  the us banks are looking at dublin for example because a number of major us coys have euro hqs there . 
  the tax laws are good , and they do n't mind giving americans work visas . 
  other banks will have their own parameters . 
  actual layoffs have been happening , literally thousands , all with soothing pr about nothing to do with brexit . 
  which is bollox ( and i know that for a fact ), 
  yep . 
  most of uk is still in denial . 
  it 's going to fracture . 
  anything that requires passporting will have move to an eu centre ( they did n't let switzerland , why would they let post brexit britain ) which means paris ( hsbc have already announced ) frankfurt , or , for tax and language reasons dublin or amsterdam . 
  the us banks prefer dublin even though it 's not a traditional financial centre for tax and visa reasons . 
  no one wants to go to paris if they can avoid it for the same reasons ( tax and visas ) , also language , employment laws etc. 
  hsbc went there as they already had a presence , i predict they 'll change that decision . 
  i do n't have info about the japanese position , i 'd bet frankfurt but that one is a guess . 
  financial services that do n't require passporting will stay in london , there will still be plenty happening here , but the centre of gravity will shift , that 's why france desperately wants it ( but i think they 're kidding themselves ) . 
  us banks are intending to move to ireland at this stage , and may has explicitly stated yesteday she 's not going to do any of the things that would have protected the city, 
  i suspect the downvotes are because what you mean by nationalism is different to what most think of . 
  by nationalism do you mean the leadership acting in the best interests of the citizens ? 
  as opposed to chest beating `` we are the best if you are not us we kill you '' ? 
  could be wrong of course . 
  plenty of crap food around me and i 'm in london . 
  the sort of cafes you find all over france and spain are n't too common ( and i 'm in an affluent area , so it 's crap food at stupid prices ), 
  give it 20 years , global warming is working on that, 
  yeah but the uk start too young , we 'd be better off following those who get better results and delay a year before starting , 4 going 5 is too young for most going into reception . 
  imnsho you 're both right : the british and german bureaucracies are awful . 
  however they have nothing on the french . 
  in my limited experience the german bureaucracy lives up to the stereotype , detailed and precise and if you do evrything exactly right ( all 400 pages ) you 'll be fine , god help you if you make a mistake though and there is no fail safe when you get locked into a `` ca n't progress '' situation ( ie you need x to go forward , but you ca n't have x because you missed a step , and you ca n't go back and fix it , because you do n't have x ) the english system tends to be meandering poorly documented and unintuitive but it gets there in the end , usually after 47 phone calls to escalate .
