  lol , so same as any other day in the last 6months then !, 
  thanks for the summary , the uk papers are really bad at reporting on the presidential campaign & my french is too poor to read it in french . 
  how is fillon surviving ? 
  what is the counter-argument that his followers are believing ? 
  link does n't work l'article `` crise de la conscription ( 1944 '' n'existe pas sur ce wiki !, 
   i 'm all up for action , what do you propose ? 
  we build a ** wall ** and turkey can pay for it !, 
  make europe europe again !, 
  insert / r/the _ d rantings here ... / s, 
  no one seems too worried when the french presidential candidates hold rallies in london ... edit : just for the record i detest erdogan and am all in favour of banning anything to do with his reprehensible government , just feels a bit of a double standard, 
  do n't have to do the integration test if you 're turkish ? 
  what the ? 
  ( under exemptions on this page ) https://ind.nl/en/pages/integration-in-the-netherlands.aspx, 
  there has been a great deal of discussion about what reforms are necessary . 
  yes the judiciary can overturn a law that is contrary to the rights of the citizens as set by judicial precedent . 
  we have what is effectively an unwritten constitution , however parliament has also bound itself to a number of treaties ( such as the eu human rights charter ) which need to be adhered to or revoked ( there are rules about what haopens in the event of a legal clash ) we do n't however have `` a single unchecked sovereign institution '' we have elected members of parliament as one body , the house of lords are a combination of hereditary , appointed and religious and is a seperate body which can ( and has ) refused to pass laws , they are not a rubber stamp . 
  the judiciary is there to determine the legality of laws and has many times overturned them . 
  theoretically the queen can also refuse her assent although that would now be legally troublesome . 
  if that 's what he meant then yes , backdoors are a really bad idea . 
  hell yeah jesus would be jailed in most places nowadays, 
  yes , that 's correct although i understand you struggling to believe it . 
  australia was the richest per capita at the turn of the 20th century due to the huge quantities of natural resources . 
  argentina was rich for similar reasons . 
  this was n't sustainable in an industrial and post industrial world , australia adapted better than argentina and managed to maintain a high ranking in the gdp/capita stakes, 
  courts ca n't repeal anything , they can only confirm or deny the legality of legislation, 
  checks and balances : the house of lords needs to approve legislation before it can go for royal assent ( theoretically the queen could say no but that 's pretty unlikely ) judiciary are independent but their role is to ensure that legislation is lawful not whether it 's a good idea . 
  house of lords is expected to mitigate any temporary insanity by the commons , if they say no a sufficient number of times it forces an election , if the electorate reelects the parliament on the refused platform the lords can no longer say block it . 
  simplified version there are complexities , but that 's 99 %, 
  you think a backdoor is n't possible ? 
  errm , i have some really bad news for you, 
  heh , yeah a cemetry on the start line is rather ironic . 
  the tt is watched by bikers around the world , it 's the ultimate road race , so your island will always be remembered by those who ride . 
  joey dunlop was an amazing guy , the level of skill and bravery is unique and adds to the legend . 
  the tt caused me to read about isle of man , it may be a dot on the world map , but it 's an interesting one . 
  it 's on my bucket list . 
  thank you , that 's great . 
  as an australian biker the tt has been on my bucket list for a long time and i 'll look forward to reading the mythology , i 've enjoyed reading some of the irish ones . 
  and then one day , nearly two thousand years after one man had been nailed to a tree for saying how great it would be to be nice to people for a change, 
  thank you . 
  damn i need to learn ipa !, 
  yeah forgot about the viking bit , that 's all wrapped up in the very old parliament thing , yes ? 
  the fairy tales : links , info ? 
  sounds interesting ? 
  so pronounced something like ts/ur/na go/ra ? 
  or is it gor/a ? 
  i really must learn how to use ipa, 
  isle of man tt manx cats very old parliament ~ 1000 years gaelic/goedilic ( ?? ), 
  language speakers ( i 'd say celtic but i know that 's wrong ) probably the closest you 'll get , sorry !, 
  til ... thanks . 
   you must be fun at parties the guy who says do whatever you want ? 
  hell yeah , i 'll come and have beers at his place any time, 
  oh dammit , you beat me to it , now do i delete it or keep the shame of being an echo ? 
  hey !, 
  we love your kangaroos and koalas . 
  i 'm not at all convinced coming down from the trees was n't a mistake, 
  thanks , so is the cliche they 're rural and dumb ? 
  how do the jokes pivot ? 
  yeah , it 's a fair point , was n't really disagreeing , more that it can be tricky to know when, 
  yeah , but there 's a context thing there to be careful of , if someone is at 80 % capability you may insult , if they 're at 0.1 % like me i 'll just be glad to be helped :-), 
  thank you . 
  a much repeated one that was n't my experience at all . 
  everyone in paris was really nice . 
  he 's implying that parisians do n't consider anyone outside paris to be french . 
  i make no representations as to whether that 's accurate . 
  come on , we had to deliberately almost but not quite win , that 's hard !, 
  if we won sweden in particular would have been very upset . 
  it 's not so much using `` who '' when it should be whom that grates ( it 's pretty much archaic ) , it 's using `` whom '' when it should be `` who '' that makes me cry . 
  well , i 've made shit posts before so i can hardly criticise , however there is at least one issue with your comment ; there were several anti muslim floats in this and previous years , so the hypocrisy is n't quite what you suggest it is, 
  so is east frisia now in germany , netherlands , or denmark ? 
  the politician with the gun in her mouth is theresa may , pm of united kingdom . 
  that image means that the uk committed suicide ( economically ) by choosing brexit . 
  do you know what the word metaphor means ? 
  no this one https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/martin_schulz, 
  seems fair analysis . 
  you 've at least given me some examples to try , so , happy to find out . 
  cool , so educate me . 
  ok , if ya reckon , i 'll track a couple of them down for lulz, 
   there is no conservative late night shows . 
  which is pretty much his point . 
  the far right do n't have much that resembles political comedy . 
  they are however good at angry . 
  funny , not so much . 
  i 'm not sure australia and new zealand * would * disagree - yes there are things aussies did n't / do n't like about the english , but it was n't like what they did to ireland and south africa etc, 
  seconded , it 's only fair, 
  lol , and roman , and viking , and angle and saxon and jute and frisian and celtic . 
  we did n't get many frenchmen really in the scheme of things, 
  yeah they spoke medieval french but they were vikings you guys figured it was easier to bribe than fight :-) ca n't blame you , they kicked harald 's arse ( although he did cop hitler 's problem of trying to fight on two fronts ), 
  french speaking vikings you mean :-) bloody vikings hammered us from the north and the south in 1066, 
  thanks, 
  if the bok circle is norwegian , what 's the nn circle ( i had guessed it was norgwegian ), 
  you can see it in all its glory in this thread , but your president started the ball rolling his minions are now running with it . 
  immigrants are baaaad m ` kay ? 
  ( apparently ), 
  lol . 
  shorthand for `` rest of uk '' ( ie post scottish independence ) but you probably knew that, 
  can we just make it a televised hand to hand combat between those two idiots and keep your radioactivity out of some perfectly lovely islands ? 
  no more muraroas !, 
  edit errm wearing my aussie hat not uk hat for that post . 
  just like catalunya hey ? 
  good lord did you miss a bnp meeting or something ?
