  there 's a back story here then ? 
  so spain has been quietly biding their time for decades waiting for payback :-) well played, 
  cheers !, 
  food and engineering are trivial ? 
  catalunya might want to argue ? 
  oh yeah , they 're not independent yet :-), 
   note that does n't apply to london where people appear to have forgotten how to queue they 're tourists , we get a lot of those . 
  heh , yeah you ca n't beat a russian for pessimism although ukrainians and poles would give it a bash !, 
  yes , we regularly have to tut at the italians ( and it 's always italians ) , for some reason they completely ignore it , do n't they understand how serious an approbation being tutted at is ? 
   forming , maintaining and following a queue in an ordered and disciplined fashion . 
  ahem !, 
  vomiting in the streets ( at home and abroad ), 
  he has the spanish fifth column in every restaurant , coffee shop and office building in london :-), 
  nom nom nom https://thumbs.dreamstime.com/z/women-ironing-beautiful-young-woman-standing-isolated-white-32332903.jpg, 
  hell yeah , i mean belgium only exists to give france and germany somewhere to have their battles right ? 
  damn !, 
  that 's a great idea . 
  it 'll never work though . 
  can you imagine politicians in france co-operating with the germans ? 
  rotflmao . 
  good point . 
  not sure how that tidies up the borders though , perhaps the dutch should just take over the lot - germany , austria , france , belgium , denmark , parts of poland and czechia . 
  we 'd have to find a new name for it though , given it 'd no longer just be the low lying land so `` netherlands '' would n't work and empire has bad connotations , maybe another word , perhaps we should call it a `` realm '' , you guys have had a few different systems , french , not french etc , i think this would be the fourth one perhaps ? 
  the fourth realm , that has a nice ring to it !, 
  lol very good, 
  sense of humour bypass was a resounding success then ? 
  apparently there 's a bit of banter going on . 
  you guys were party to that utrecht deal , do n't go changing sides now !, 
  i dunno , there 's a bunch of swamp germans that need to be part of the german federation first i think ? 
   there are studies that show a causal link between vaccinations and autism no there are n't, 
  ok , thanks . 
  i suspect litres will hang around for a while :-), 
  so what 's the unit for measuring liquid volumes now then ? 
  i 'm australian , i grew up when we were transitioning from imperial to metric . 
  i 'm comfortable in both . 
  i happily convert mph to km/hr or feet to centimetres . 
  metric is better , by a long chalk . 
  yup , i remembered there being other exceptions last time i discussed this ( 7-10 years ago ) but either it 's changed or i misremembered . 
  such is life . 
  thanks, 
  sounds likes it 's worth a go, 
  not all states of the us i do n't think , but most can . 
  bbq / smoked meats . 
  the southern american bbq is very good stuff . 
  yeah , i mean * i * was willing to have group sex with her coven under the stars , ca n't understand why she thought that was inappropriate ? 
  $ 14 is n't going to pay for the cost of fuel ... 
  i blew an online dating match when she said she was a pagan and i made jokes about getting naked at midnight in a field . 
  steady on , he 's just taking the piss, 
  nothing , when they 're not on strike, 
  interesting , my friends in northern norway ( near tromso ) go to finland to buy , they told me you guys were cheaper than sweden and norway hence why i queried . 
  lol, 
  my local sainsburys ( kingston upon thames ) has them both , also waitrose in richmond . 
  the best jams seem to be the bonne maman french ones , they have a wide range . 
  edit , actually good point it 's usually blackcurrant not blackberry , my local does have blackberry but only in one brand ( the good french stuff :-) also , yes raspberry . 
   english is my third language so learning something new would be a really fun challenge . 
  it might have been helpful to have put that in up front ... it will certainly influence the answers . 
  i 'm assuming bulgarian with the english , what 's the third ? 
  if you have even a basic level of a major european language then you should consider where it 's spoken first . 
  living in bulgaria wo n't pay well , but maybe even consider moving there first to get your feet on the ground . 
  enquiring minds need to know !, 
  :-) you have my curiousity piqued !, 
  strawberry number 1 , plum , apricot blueberry and blackberry very common . 
  have never seen grape jelly here , not even in the american sections of waitrose and wholefoods - it might be there but i 've not noticed though, 
  they obviously had better things to do with grapes than waste them on jam :-), 
  you said  most expensive alcohol in the eu and i said  dearer than sweden ? 
  i was asking whether alcohol was really more expensive in finland than sweden ? 
  i know norway is dearer but i assumed you were n't counting them ( eea vs eu ), 
  never even heard that one before ? 
  belgians are idiots ? 
   hating the english seems to go the other way in my experience . 
  there 's a subset of english who virulently hate the scottish . 
  dearer than sweden ? 
  and probes to venus in the early 70s iirc, 
  and the ak was pretty damn ~ ~ good ~ ~ unbreakable too !, 
  good enough to end up on a flag !, 
  you 've got a year to learn another language then :-) germany and netherlands have some uni courses that run in english , i think i recall one in italy too . 
  depends what you want to study before anyone can be more specific, 
   bread with olive oil and rosemary on top of it . 
  ( it has a special name but i dont know it ) foccacia ? 
  statement of fact , i think ... 
  i ca n't imagine it 's very funny if you 're argentinean . 
  in 1900 argentina was richer than germany france and italy . 
  a big call . 
  crime rate in port moresby is horrific . 
  that sense of humour bypass worked well on you ... < takes notes , 
  argentina . 
  not so much developing as regressing from a very high point . 
  lovely country . 
  a lot of poverty but my favourite part of south east asia . 
  fiji tahiti new caledonia tropical islands how can you go wrong, 
  well , i live in london , so it 's not really my place , it 's up to the scottish people . 
  my personal opinion is that scotland would be better off out of the uk , the hostility from the english to them at times i find jaw dropping and the fundamental cultural differences seem bigger than the english like to admit . 
  i 'm an immigrant though , so maybe i just do n't understand something key . 
  yeah losing to iceland , that was a bit embarrasing , what if we had to play a richer supermarket team like tesco ? 
  yep . 
  that 's where we 're at , and yeah i 'll be voting for the guy in the beige cardigan , i just hope he does n't want to talk to me about it !, 
  tories - the morals of martin shrekli , the empathy of gordon gekko libdems - that person you avoid at parties , there 's nothing actually wrong with him , he just bores you to tears labour - suffers from schizophrenia - ca n't work out whether he wants to fire up the kombi van and stage a sit in over trident , or get a new suit and make a hostile takeover of shrekli 's business . 
  greens - your elderly hippy aunt and her spotty very earnest daughter , they mean well ukip - your racist drunken uncle . 
  edit typo, 
  erdogan is an awful tyrant and dictator .
