  you did actually . 
  `` did usa give latvia ( or other baltics ) a lot of money ? '', 
  https://www.state.gov/documents/organization/224071.pdf the usa in last decade gave less money to latvia and lithuania than they did to every country in africa bar 2 ( seychelles and mauritius ) , less money than they gave to every country in the middle east save saudia arabia , and every country in south asia and every country in south america except for argentina chile and costa rica the baltics are literally in the bottom 10 % of beneficiaries of american aid . 
  propaganda about ussr/cis i ca n't comment on , however it is certainly anecdotal on reddit that latvians and lithuanians do n't like russians because of personal experience of the soviet occupation , i think claiming that that is all created by american propaganda sounds at best , dubious . 
  pretty much nothing , but i 'm learning a heap reading this . 
  thanks !, 
  right you are , fixed . 
  :-) yes , it 's the furthest right wing of the tabloids , it 's murdoch 's crazy time !, 
  the torygraph is solidly the mouthpiece of the tory party and always aligns with the current party view ( and has no hesitation in changing their position to stay in line ) . 
  however , if you ignore the politically motivated articles they often have some decent content - they 're a good way to widen the viewpoint on certain topics as they are fundamentally the paper of the lower middle class they address a demographic that times only nods to . 
  the most reliable inmy opinion are the financial times and the economist . 
  they both go to a lot of effort to write fact based , heavily researched stories . 
  their target market is n't interested in emotional calls so much of the bollocks from left and right is left out . 
  you wo n't see `` immugrunts took mah jerbs '' nor will you see `` oppression of the internationalworker 's rights to free movement '' what you will see is an analytical article showing the movement of people , the known economic impact , projections for the future and reasoned analysis as to what that is likely to mean for the economy and demographic sections within it . 
  if you want to feel enraged about how hard done by the british worker is or upset about how the race is being diluted read the guardian or the mail . 
  if you want facts ft and economist will give you those . 
  cool story bro , tell it to me again . 
  it 's not that we do n't like it , you are empirically wrong . 
  the mail has been right wing since at least the days of supporting hitler . 
  the uk press is mostly centre or right , the only mainstream left is guardian and independent . 
  the mirror will occassionally throw in something leftish to appear balanced . 
  the murdoch rags ( y' know , the guy who owns fox ) are all solidly right or far right . 
  the times has always been the paper of the land and business owning conservatives , for well over a century ( he owns the times as well in case you 're not aware ) . 
  the best thing about the times is that despite leaning right it is actually still a quality paper , this is mostly because the uk govt put in place protections against murdoch overtly influencing editorial policy as the times is such an institution the peers and etc would be in an uproar if that damn colonial meddled with it . 
  ahhh , thank you . 
  eggs ? 
  i 'm very sorry , i think you 've misunderstood me , portugal rocks , it 's beautiful and very well worth visiting . 
  my point was that there is a certain type of tourist who `` does europe in 14 days '' they zip from famous monument to famous art to famous view , spending microseconds on each before flitting off to the next like an over-caffeinated hummingbird . 
  you 'll find them at the eiffel tower , the coloseum and tower bridge ( while calling it london bridge ) , you wo n't find them sipping a beer ( or fortified wine ) in madeira while calmly enjoying the view and watching the passing people . 
  in other words i 'm suggesting you have a natural filter which is cutting out the harder to deal with americans on their first overseas trip . 
  < shrug  firstly your sentence does n't grammatically scan . 
  secondly if i 'm correctly inferring your point , that piece of trivia correct or not is most certainly not an important component of my understanding of islam . 
  christianity and islam believe in a magical invisible sky daddy who tells them what to do , and to kill those who do n't follow the one true word ( on what exactly that is , few seem to agree , even when they agree they 're talking about the same sentence ) . 
  fortunately nowadays most christians and muslims ignore the bits about stoning and killing etc so i can live in the same society as them . 
  i do n't really care too much about the exact details of the various invisible friend 's behaviours and the made up stories about them , it 's interesting trivia along the lines of someone telling me leonardo di caprio had a cameo role in pixels because he happened to be walking past the set on the universal lot and they needed an extra . 
  if it 's not true i 'm not going to care . 
  wow , til, 
  mmm , but portugal rarely features in the `` do europe in 14 days list '' , the typical american in london and paris will probably differ to the ones you see . 
  go on , do tell . 
  it 's a shunned topic because they will go to jail if the answered that question with any reference to tianamen sq. 
  it 's about 40 years old now , so i 'd say it has a few years left in it . 
  why is that odd ? 
  there are considerably more business opportunties in hk than italy - china 's billions are on your doorstep but in an environment with better rule of law . 
  it 's actually a great deal for the uk ; the cost of the spanish providing the health care is considerably cheaper than it is providing it in england ( i think because of lower wages and lower cost of buildings etc ), 
  headline : faroe islands invade shetlands , nobody notices, 
  you rock , a reminder of why it is important to seperate dislike for the dictator and not to dislike the people . 
  good luck turks , one day you will be rid of the edogan parasite . 
  it was happy to take `` no one '' as my name so it 's obv just checking for the presence of some characters in the field, 
  til i know nothing about danish artists 25/40, 
  no , if he 's actually sprinting at you , you 're fending and moving out of the way , but i 've never heard of a 100m race turning into a knife fight . 
  that 's not how a knife fight typically goes , someone will lunge one or two steps quickly sure , but noone runs around like sonic the hedgehog waving it around . 
  most commonly people will plant themselves and then lunge a step forwrd to stab you at the end of their reach . 
  you have a weapon that is twice or more as long , you stay out of lunge range and strike back * if you 're a policeman who is trained to use a baton * if you 're american you shoot them , and if you 're a civilian you run the fuck away, 
  and given they 're circling the aggressor , probably shooting each other as well ... 
  i think that 's the least of the things for irish to sarcastically thank uk for ... 
  yeah , having invisible friends who tell you how other people should behave and you should kill them if they do n't is clearly sane . 
  sounds about right . 
  how broken do you have to be to think a sky-daddy is going to fix all your woes ? 
   since most officers seem only armed with a baton ( useless against a knife ) . 
  a baton is very effective against a knife , it 's damn hard to hold onto a knife when you 've just had your hand smashed by a lump of wood/metal/heavy plastic , and you can do that from out of reach of the knife ( as they 're considerably longer ), 
  i thought french was just mispronounced latin ? 
  / r/iamverysmart / needs you, 
  was there a thread where / u/pinguy posted pics of promised dickeating ? 
  i checked back in on the thread after the election and saw nothing . 
  nor is bolivia . 
  and ? 
  lol . 
  i think you 'll be fine for a while yet , he has a fair way to go before he gets that far west :-), 
  but republic of ireland is n't in nato, 
  catalans are a lot more vocal at the moment, 
  yeah , the normans were just ice germans who spoke french ( kinda sorta ) , so england having been invaded by angles & etc ( germans ) plus vikings ( ice germans ) and normans ( french speaking ice germans ) is mostly germanic , plus some of the celts , britons & picts displaced . 
  island germans is fair , halfbred island germans is probably fairer :-), 
  yup :-), 
  swamp germans are still german ... 
  i 'm pleasantly surprised to hear it . 
  i 've never known a thompson 's crowd to not be disorderly . 
  as you say , perhaps a bit far . 
  they do some awful things in spain . 
  i do n't have a problem with the working class , being one and all . 
  i do have a problem with drunken yobs and chavs , the people who self select themselves onto thompson tours . 
  i think you revealed a lot about yourself with that comment, 
  hell , native speakers have a hard time guessing how to pronounce words too . 
  oh man , you went somewhere that had thompsons tours there ? 
  i 'm so sorry . 
  more like essex , sunderland , liverpool and newcastle . 
  well if it worked once ... 
  oh they already go there , get 3rd degree burns on bondi beach the first day and then spend the rest of their holiday in the pub telling everyone how they `` learnt to surf '' . 
  australia keeps sending them back though unfortunately . 
  yeah but then we have to put up with them , there must be a better solution ? 
  america perhaps ? 
  conscription dramatically reduces the ramp up time because basic military knowledge is instilled into all ( or in the swiss case , half ) of the population . 
  this means that if you need to mobilise for a war the people you call up already have basic training done , reduces the time taken to get them to battle . 
  much more importantly though , it demystifies the military and creates a simplistic understanding of how and why it does what it does , creating better popular support for effective choices and reducing support for ineffective choices through knowledge . 
  well it * has * happened before ... 
  well done for avoiding the mainstream media and the political subs on reddit , your blood pressure and longevity appreciate it, 
  the legislation is silent on revocation , and several senior legal opinions suggest it would be legally supportable . 
  we 'll never know until it 's tested though , and the uk wo n't do so . 
  i was joking mate . 
  well , actually i was n't joking that may is woeful , she truly is . 
  i was n't offended though .
