  i think there was a missing step of scottish independence first . 
  i 'm assuming the irish do n't want another war with england/ruk, 
  endure ? 
  aussies love it !, 
  it is deliciously cheesy and awful with * faaaahhhbulous * costumes . 
  it 's just like the gay mardi gras with singing ( and that gets 100s of thousands watching it too ), 
  8 days ago you were a muslim woman married to someone who quit their job to protest trump full time , 13 days ago you were an art history undergrad in conneticut . 
  i think you 're a teenage fantasist who has never been anywhere near sweden, 
  looking forward to some americans in the 20s then ? 
  what 's the great experiment argument ? 
  sure , but they are sold as doner in some parts of the us same as the gyros/doner split happens in australia ( savsnsw ) ie http://thedonerking.com/?page_id=17 http://www.shondiz.com/picture-gallery.php etc in denver edit browsing through some of the hits from the search for the above ( chose denver cos i knew there were some ) it looks like shawarma and gyros are more popular across most of the us, 
  we certainly are good sir , waves of lemmings crashing in inarticulate piles at the base of the cliff of their incomprehension . 
  learning an afghani dialect is a lot harder than hitting on swedish women i suspect, 
  the irony is they vote for their own slavery, 
  gyros is the greek word , doner kebab is the turkish , same thing . 
  jesus mate , if you love the yanks that much will you just bloody move there ? 
  take farage with you on the way out , he seems to love trump too . 
  hoping for some tips, 
  thank you , appreciated . 
  true that !, 
  btw , does the blue on your flair 's flag look correct on your screen ? 
  all the french flags on here look light blue on mine ( as opposed to the correct blue ) , and i ca n't figure out whether there is a colour config issue with my monitor i need to look into , or if it 's the flairs . 
  netherlands looks right . 
  thx for that - he 's changed it to `` i am '' and yes that does read better than `` i 'm '' would have . 
  i agree that `` i 'm '' in that sentence would be incorrect , but y' know what , i ca n't tell you why either !, 
  i ca n't tell you the rule but it 's something to do with the fact that `` am '' is the subject of the sentence i think rather than joining it to another word for `` ownership '' . 
  i.e `` i 'm becoming '' is focussed on the verb not on the `` am '' hence the contraction is fine . 
  you would n't say `` that is what i 'm '' but you would say `` that is what i am '', 
  oh trust me , no one in europe is in any doubt about how dysfunctional the us ' political system is . 
  ( pot meet kettle dressed in matching uk black ), 
   i 'll add more socialist leaning policies are harder to maintain in a large , diverse country such as the usa . 
  especially one that has a phobia of left policies still leftover from the cold war . 
  i suspect the second sentence is a better diagnosis of the root cause than the first . 
  australia and canada are just as diverse . 
   depends on how you measure . 
  taking an average across the whole country would probably lead to a poor score . 
  so what you really mean is the rich 10 or 20 % have superb care and fuck the rest ? 
  who was upset ? 
  very rarely . 
  occasionally different countries will have a comparative advantage in some new cutting edge technology or treatment and those few affected will go there to seek treatment ( the us as a first world country is often one of the half a dozen or so that tend to be on that list ) . 
  outside of those rare cases you wo n't see many from an eu universal healthcare country in the us . 
  :-) crawling along in a 10km/hr traffic jam ( i do n't actually know that to be true , but i 'm guessing you wo n't be the first person living in italy to want a job in switzerland ), 
   but having babies usually means more sex lolwut ? 
  ca n't half tell you do n't have kids . 
  i hate to break it to you , but once you pop a sprog you can kiss your sex life goodbye , you 'll sneak in a quicky once a month if you 're lucky until they 're old enough to hate you and lock themselves in their room . 
  by that time you 'll have forgotten why it was you wanted to do it more often than that . 
  commute would suck, 
  yes, 
  hey !, 
  not all of the anglosphere , just one over in the middle of north america, 
  i noticed that in norway when we visited , it was rather umm , cool is n't the right word is it ;-) made things a lot safer to be able to walk without worrying about ice when it 's -25 c, 
  the answer is robots and ai, 
  sex does n't have to lead to babies ... did they not cover that in sex ed ? 
  the only thing possibly wrong with it is that he/she/attackhelicopter / other probably should have used a semicolon . 
  i suspect the reason you 're struggling to put your finger on the problem is there is effectively an `` invisible sentence '' through the use of the link - if you visualise op standing in a room pointing to the pic and saying those words you can work out what the sentence should be ( and it 's fine as it stands ) . 
  the lack of an indicator as to the context is what is probably grating on you . 
  this could be solved by restating as `` this is a picture of me pretending how sad i am for not having [ had ] children '' ( note the had is n't totally necessary but it scans better by adding a tense ) . 
  or you could just not worry about it !, 
  :-) pedantry is kinda boring . 
  somewhere between half a million and 2 million celts/gauls dead in a 100 years , yeah thanks be to those benign romans . 
  wow !, 
  thank you . 
  just a `` yes '' would have done though . 
  :-) maybe you guys should give galicia to portugal might save a lot more grief in future !, 
  lol , that 's brilliant , is it historically accurate ? 
  it 's this type of lack of understanding of scotland that causes them to want to splitfrom the uk, 
  as opposed to the express and mail making up antieu stuff . 
  at least being an opinion piece it is n't actually a lie, 
  sorry , you can lump the times in with the guardian and telegraph as quality but partisan ever since murdoch got his filthy mitts on it, 
  that 's a nice little slice of turf , so if i 'm reading that correctly he was n't after scandinavia until invasion needs must ? 
  does the shaded purple line around france imply that was to be a vassal state , or to be fully part of germany ? 
  why thank you sir , you 're a gentleman and a scholar . 
  lol . 
  until now i would have , but if it makes you feel like you live in an std , then no . 
  they are both languages of spain and like french italian and portuguese are derived from `` vulgar '' ( colloquial ) latin . 
  castillian is the language referred to as `` spanish '' in english but is only one of the languages of spain . 
  but that 's the new official name now is n't it ( czechia ) ? 
  i read it on reddit so it must be true, 
  nope , said in english would get exactly the same reaction , with a `` yeah , right '' . 
  seriously . 
  only an argentinian would think it would trigger anyone in the uk . 
  marbles , again , that 's a trigger for the greeks not the english . 
  90 % of the country would n't know what you 're talking about , and after you explained it , they 'd pause and say `` nah , fuck 'em '', 
  only 8 ? 
  yeah definitely on a diet . 
  lol , that german humour again !, 
  canadians according to reddit, 
  your meds lad , the meds , take them !, 
  yeah , australia invented it . 
  being an underage drinker would not be the same without a goonie ( slang for a box of cheap wine ) . 
  far northern mongolia, 
  sorry , i obviously was n't clear . 
  the french will be fine with us * participating * ** leading ** it however ( as an alternative to germany ) , yeah , naah . 
  yeah except we 're now ( effectively - i get a50 has n't happened but it will ) outside of eu , sure we 're in nato but if i was german or polish i 'd have a question mark next to us . 
  and the french would disagree with that just on principle :-) honestly , i think an eu military which plugs into nato is the best solution , then if nato falls apart like trump seems to want they 're in a position to defend themselves , we ( uk ) would ( i hope ) always be willing to defend europe against putin expansionism so we 'd be there to help , but as an ally not as part of the unit if you get what i mean . 
  surprised . 
  thought that was consistent across all the western armies . 
  mmm but we argued for running our own show in a location ( helmand ) rather than being grouped in with the rest of the us troops under direct us command . 
  could be wrong , was n't there , going on media reports . 
  while true there is a difference in where the legal line of when/where they can refuse to obey orders is drawn .
