free trade . 
  i mean it 's hard to take the eu seriously when they have high tariffs on everything american . 
  10 % import tariffs on american cars in comparison with 2 % in the us . 
  the same for many industries like airbus and others who have become successful due to the high tariffs on us imports . 
  if trump was to set a 10 % tariffs on european cars , i can imagine how the eu would lose their shit calling america protectionist and what not . 
  but since the end wwii , europe has done nothing else but protect its industries from american imports . 
  there is mcdonald 's pretty much everywhere , and american movies are everywhere including russia and our biggest rivals . 
  pew research and many other polls already prove just how low the european opinion of the us . 
  `` the us is not to be trusted '' `` a threat to world peace '' `` a threat to europe '' ok . sure . 
  freaking vietnam has a better opinion of us than the u.k. or france . 
  buying our things does n't mean you like us . 
  `` europe a country ??!!?! '', 
  and i 'm the stupid one ? 
  i was referring to monaco . 
  haha . 
  it 's funny that the smallest most irrelevant countries are the first to act tough . 
  i do n't know much about satellites and the like , so i wo n't engage you in this topic . 
  http://ec.europa.eu/dgs/energy_transport/galileo/doc/gal_european_dependence_on_gps_rev22.pdf http://spacenews.com/european-satellite-still-heavily-dependent-on-u-s-parts/ you are highly dependent on the us to even make this satellites with 1/3 of all parts coming from the us . 
  submarines use american missiles like tomahawk afaik . 
  surely , there is a few european companies that can make make good equipment and the us opts to use those parts . 
  but you are delusional if you think the us could n't manufacture this things if there was a real need for them . 
  the galileo system is still in the works , and from the little that i 've read so far it , it just achieved early operational capabilities in december 2016 . 
  the south china sea dispute predates that date . 
  wow , we would be in the stone age if it were n't for the european satellite system that was turned on 3 months ago . 
  wow . 
  i said `` have to '' i considered a pledge to be just that . 
  if i pledge to do something i would . 
  `` make your people more stupid '' why even bother . 
  you seem set on your position . 
  any non-us bashing is definitely a trumpet and a fascists . 
  now please , continue funding the entire defense of europe and wasting american tax payer money on a continent that has no appreciation and serves no purpose to the us . 
  i think we would both welcome a reduction of us defense spending , starting with the us forces in europe . 
  whatever . 
  i do n't have anything to prove . 
  i do n't agree with the guy in most things . 
  but as i can agree with reducing waste of money on european protection . 
  we need it here . 
  and it 's not like europeans even care . 
  you guys would throw the us out the windows as soon as possible . 
  you already did culturally . 
  the us is nothing but a lemon to squeeze for as long as you can . 
  it 's not legally binding . 
  but it 's a pledge in white and black . 
  nato admits that the burden of security is not evenly shared . 
  i do n't like trump and did n't vote for him . 
  but i 'm ok with him pushing europeans to take more responsibility in the security of their own people . 
  in the other hand the us is free to pick any economic policy it wants , and there is n't any treaty or pledge to never turn protectionist . 
  the congress also warned that if it was bypassed with regards to the paris treaty , it would make future presidents free to ignore the `` treaty . '', 
  `` my observation '' you mean news paper headlines and reddit posts ? 
  being poor anywhere is n't good . 
  but the us is certainly in a better position than many countries , including many western european countries . 
  certainly it 's better to be poor in countries like norway or denmark . 
  but with respect to countries like the u.k. , france , spain , italy . 
  i do n't think being poor in those countries would be much better if any . 
  `` i ca n't argue the statistics with you but numbers can be skewed by all sorts of things such as differing definitions of homelessness '' same can be said about the us . 
  the us is africa tier if you ask any european . 
  but in reality a `` poor '' person in the us has a better standard of living than a lower middle class to middle class person would in eastern europe and most of the world . 
  you mean kicking out the us , china , india , and saudi arabia ? 
  all of them opposed the statement . 
  so , the g20 will be the g16 and will become irrelevant in 20 years when the top 3 economies are china , us and india . 
  haha . 
  poverty is relative , mexico has a higher income inequality and homicide rate ( oecd member ) , italy and great britain have worse social mobility , chile ( oecd member ) has a higher child mortality , and the un gender inequality index is absolute bullshit . 
  the us score 55 while saudi arabia scores 56 . the us does n't have the lowest expectancy of living at birth , the us has a better environmental performance score than germany , etc. 
  i would look up the other measures but it 'll take me too long . 
  at least bother checking before spewing this garbage . 
  there is a safety net . 
  snap , subsidized housing , medicaid , unemployment , etc. 
  the difference is that the safety is just that . 
  a safety net . 
  not a comfort net . 
  your not supposed to be comfortable while depending on these benefits . 
  the us is no where near as generous as european nations in this regard , but it definitely has a safety . 
  the us homelessness rate per capita is lower than many european countries . 
  germany having one of the largest percentages of homelessness in the world . 
  the paris agreement was never ratified by congress and there is n't anything that obliges the us from not going protectionist . 
  in the other hand , nato clearly states that you have to contribute 2 % of gdp . 
  something that most europeans have n't followed since the foundation of nato . 
  so , if europe does n't care about its commitments , you do n't get to complain when the other side finally decides to treat you the same way . 
  i believe the statement has to be unanimous . 
  the us , china , india and saudi arabia opposed the joint statement . 
  nobody is forcing anything on anyone . 
  the us will pursue its own economic policy as is its right and will no make promises that it ca n't keep in the future . 
  the us is n't `` forcing '' anything . 
  the g20 statement is a joint statement . 
  all members must agree for the statement to be made . 
  the us is obviously trying to pursue a more protectionist economic policy , so it will definitely refrain from making these kind of promises . 
  other countries are willing to pursue their own policies as they want . 
  the us simply wo n't and thus a joint statement ca n't be made . 
  i think this entire thread is exaggerating with the anti-america rhetoric simply based on the shifting of american economic policy . 
  the eu nor china are big on free trade to begin with . 
  huge limitations and tariffs on us companies are already in place . 
  the eu in particular likes protecting its manufacturing . 
  10 % tax tariffs for us brands is not very `` free '' is it ? 
  yes i agree . 
  which is why i support high tariffs on airbus , and pretty much any subsidized or state owned corporation . 
  at least regarding the boeing/airbus dispute . 
  the wto already ruled that most claims by the eu of us subsidies were totally legal and following wto rule . 
  the cases where it was in breach of the rules , he us fell in line . 
  in the other hand the wto ruled on dozens of billions of dollars in illegal subsidies to airbus alone , the eu has only fixed 3 of like 36 complains , breaches of wto rules . 
  so , it 's nowhere near the same level .
