but it 's not just her party . 
  is n't it the democratic majority of germany that wants those refugees ? 
  deterioration until we figured out what stuff to grow . 
  was n't that a medically prescribed diet ? 
  has his administration prosecuted any of the former involved in torture ? 
  i wonder what share of first marriages are to someone else who has already been married . 
  there is no purpose . 
  we see life that reproduces because that 's how life sticks around . 
  far more species have gone extinct than have n't , though . 
  and all will , unless they leave this planet , and eventually the universe . 
   the plain version is somewhat dull yeah , this is my take on it . 
  there 's a lot of agreeable chocolate , but it 's more about what else is in there , or what you have with it . 
  i like daim , but i ca n't say how the chocolate is different in that from the chocolate in kvikk lunsj . 
  no one cares , therefore let 's not start caring . 
  can we have amerika ? 
  is this porn or gore ? 
  snow is just their way of helping us store more of it through winter . 
  it 'll be water going through the turbines eventually . 
  freyr and thor seem to overlap on weather responsibilities , depending on source . 
  i guess you ca n't be a big shot god without ending up with some impact on it . 
  thor is probably more appropriate when it comes to the forceful nature of weather , though . 
  freyr is more about fertility and crops . 
  and freyr is providing more and more rain , so at least we 'll have our electricity supply secured . 
  or is that thor 's department now that it is used for electricity production ? 
  right . 
  why does there need to be conscription , if so many are in favor of it ? 
  just sign up for service . 
  is the statue on private property ? 
  can be either . 
  but in the case of mcdonald 's the name is from ireland . 
  occasionally sending a ship directly into the sea . 
  if they would n't have rights to adoption then they would n't have the same rights as heterosexual couples . 
  separating the issues would mean that if one gets through , the other one still needs to be worked on until that one passes as well . 
  i think it would help if the other parties did n't band together and effectively create a two party system with no middle ground alternatives . 
  well , i would n't recommend driving over here if you 're used to driving in the eastern half of the us . 
  and you 'd want to make sure you knew the difference between places like lardal , l\u00e6rdal and l\u00e5rdal before relying too much on gps guidance . 
  but if you have the time ( including to wait overnight for the next one if you 're staying somewhere slightly remote ) , the busses can take you most places , and the drivers are usually very helpful . 
  if you 're asking what i want , i want intercontinental underground [ vaccuum tube trains ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vactrain ) . 
  but if it has to be planes , i want an end to the security theater . 
  i think the uk 's first-past-the-post system is a bigger concern than not having a single party majority . 
  the conservative party got 36.8 % of the votes , but get 330 out of 650 seats ? 
  denmark or sweden . 
  sweden might win out because of less dense population . 
  and king a surname . 
  a roman emperor apparently found it a useful tool for power , and eventually everyone was forced everyone to adopt it . 
  so it would 've been a real problem if scotland had left . 
  so we can get rid of the ioc ? 
  founding member . 
  finland was in a different war to the rest of them , so i guess it was n't the right time for them then , but it might 've been easier to get in from the start . 
  if you leave out other factors , and bring some fertile land into existence that did n't exist previously . 
  but if you have to clear a forest to have land to do it on , then you release the carbon that was previously captured there . 
  if you replace food crops , then that only works out if we do n't have to clear another area to replace the food production . 
  and we could 've replaced those food crops with trees . 
  as we could if there was an already desolate but usable land available . 
  farming fuel is n't an environmental measure , because there 's also the option of growing trees on the land . 
   the older cars could be scrapped in a `` cash for clunkers '' - like program . 
  i do n't see that there 's as much to gain from this , as from requiring that all new cars are electric or equivalent . 
  if you get rid of an old car , that usually means it has to be replaced by another car . 
  the longer each car is used , the fewer cars will need to be made . 
  and producing a fully electric car is n't necessarily a clean process . 
  the most direct effect it will have is to raise car prices . 
  physical shipping seems very different to actively blocking something that would be available if you did n't block it . 
  it 's not clear from this article if they 're making a distinction between digital and physical . 
  which is a good thing . 
  edit : population being low . 
  are you a forest ? 
  conditions in the middle east are going to worsen from climate change and population growth , independent of other factors . 
  not when it 's the bbc . 
  seems to be common in the uk to refer to mums as mums . 
  i do n't mean to defend christianity as a whole . 
  but this is being presented as basically the more progressive end of the spectrum of islam , and in that case it 's not worth looking to the lesser sides of something else to determine if it 's all it can be . 
  denmark has had female priests since 1948 , if you wanted to talk about something more relevant to this topic . 
  not a lot of details in this article , not really that much more [ here ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/aug/26/women-lead-friday-prayers-denmark-first-female-run-mosque-mariam ) . 
  are women and men still segregated , is this a woman only mosque , or are they treating people as equals independent of gender ? 
  edit : a linked [ article ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/feb/12/women-led-mosque-opens-in-denmark ) suggests they still have a ways to go on that , but i guess this is a necessary intermediate step . 
   scandinavia 's first female-led mosque will also be open to men except for friday prayers , but all imams will be female, 
  but you would n't get 30 times as many athletes to draw from out of it . 
  how does it compare to forcing someone to stay alive through intensive treatment , after the body has already given up once ? 
  ca n't use all the fossil fuel that is left , we do n't need any more of it . 
   norway is already taking some early steps in shifting from supplying only its own 5 million people with electricity to becoming a crucial part of the eu 's energy system . 
  right , norway has a population of 5 million , and produce just under 100 % of its electricity consumption through hydroelectricity . 
  `` europe '' in this context is at least 500 million people . 
  i think increased interconnectivity is a good thing , but norway if anything is an example of what to do more of elsewhere , rather than something everyone else is going to be able to fall back on . 
  yeah , i just realized that from this map . 
  but then i do n't drink tea , so at least i 've never asked for it . 
  it 's bizarre to see norwegian county by county data in a european map . 
  although maybe more so with iceland . 
   norwat http://www.vegvesen.no/en/professional/research+and+development/norwat/about+norwat, 
  video games , movies and the internet teaches all kinds of english , though mostly american english . 
  indeed . 
   a corruption of stadiums 11 million, 
  i think the main difference between norway and switzerland is switzerland 's level of direct democracy . 
  the people rejected the eu , but the politicians wanted the eu , so we ended up more involved than switzerland . 
  no , although when you put it like that it makes more sense . 
  cromwell was to ireland what hitler was to poland ( et al. 
  would n't he be the hitler of england ? 
  or is hitler the hitler of poland ? 
  what 's natural is irrelevant . 
  pregnancy and labor are very dangerous , and is a major cause of death without modern medicine . 
  the same modern medicine that makes pregnancies much safer than they are naturally , also makes abortions safe .
