  having an abortion is safer than not having an abortion , because having an abortion means that you have a shorter pregnancy , and a smaller fetus to deal with . 
  so it 's safer the earlier it 's done . 
  sure , responsible potential parents should adopt rather than reproduce . 
  there is a significant difference between having the option of and being offered counseling , on top of being able to explore the information that 's available on your own , vs. someone requiring that you have go through something before you 're allowed to make your decision . 
  especially considering what they 're trying to do in many states in the us , and that they 're even requiring that doctors [ misinform their patients ] ( https://thinkprogress.org/doctors-challenge-unscientific-abortion-laws-that-force-them-to-practice-bad-medicine-9a6dabaccad1 ) . 
  if we 're looking to inform people , first of all we should be making sure that sex education is as thorough as possible . 
  everyone should know about this well ahead of getting into the situation . 
  beyond that , we have to do everything we can to avoid anti-abortionists being the ones who decide what should be mandatory , because they 're not interested in what 's best for the patient . 
  and if we 're setting up things up to be as informative as possible , it should be unnecessary to make it mandatory for the patient , because it would be something that they would welcome if they needed it . 
  do you think it 's responsible to have kids be born to parents who are n't able or willing to take care of them ? 
   i 'm asking because afaik abortion is quite an operation , invasive and risky in itself . 
  much less so than labor and going through the entire pregnancy . 
  should we make it mandatory for all pregnant women to be counseled about having an abortion ? 
  have to make sure they consider their options , but not teach them about it properly in school for whatever reason . 
  not sure why it would be swept under the rug . 
  migration is one of the core reasons why we need mass vaccination and herd immunity . 
  that 's how diseases spread ( the ones that spread from human to human ) ; someone with the disease moves to a different location and interacts with a different group of people . 
  the lower the vaccination rates of your part of the world , the more vulnerable you 'll be to outbreaks caused by migration . 
   do n't get me wrong , anyone should be free to refuse modern medicine should they choose to , but that does not apply to their kids . 
  or everyone else 's kids . 
  if you 're not vaccinated , you 're an attack vector . 
  some people ca n't get vaccinated or do n't develop an immunity ( or they become immunocompromised ) , and especially for their sake we should make sure that as many people as possible are vaccinated . 
  i 'd say that a questioning `` uh '' is pretty close , at least for a norwegian \u00f8 . 
  i suspect there 's some confirmation bias behind these statements . 
  because people seem to say that about every nationality or ethnic group . 
  in any group large enough , i 'd expect there to be some very attractive people . 
  and maybe those are the ones you take note of , if you 're not used to being around them all the time . 
  or if you only see them at certain tourist locations . 
  severe stress is a risk factor for miscarriage and stillbirth . 
  as in , being enemies all other days of the year . 
  the purge being the designated day of the year for a free-for-all killing spree . 
  so it 's like a reverse purge ? 
  with mutated latinos ? 
  not picking the eu is n't that quick . 
   the roster is generally full of volunteers though , so the people who do n't want to be there do n't actually have to . 
  this is what gets me . 
  why not just call everyone in for the session/evaluation process , and then let the ones who are interested sign up there ? 
  i do n't see why service has to be mandatory when so many people do n't serve . 
  it might seem like it 's effectively voluntary , but that does n't mean no one 's caught up in something they did n't want because of the current system . 
  yeah , the significance of this is that it 's about what people choose for themselves , rather than what they impose on others . 
  `` and i 'm going to spend my time and energy fighting against gay rights to show everyone how not gay i am '' . 
  yes , let 's create magical scenarios where torture saves the world to justify torturing prisoners who have not been charged with anything or had any sort of due process . 
  and are locked up for months , so the ticking time bomb excuse is n't there . 
  although if there was a bomb about to go off , and you somehow had ended up with the actual person responsible without doing any of the necessary work to establish that that was the case , then that would be the ideal scenario for them to wait out the torture and get their way . 
  torture is both inferior to other means of investigation and interrogation , and engaging in torture is a statement that you do n't care about reducing human suffering , as you deliberately cause it . 
  so what 's the point of it ? 
   parents torture their children all the time and most people do n't find it a problem . 
  the government doing it is n't much different . 
  parents who abuse their children is a problem the norwegian government gets vilified for dealing with , so maybe you 're right . 
  maybe other countries do n't care about when people with all the power deliberately cause harm to people with no power . 
  except when someone tries to stop them from doing it . 
  it 's according to your own constitution . 
   the index counts states that use torture as undemocratic , even though it has nothing to do with democracy . 
  cruel and unusual punishment has a lot to do with democracy . 
  if you 're not respecting human rights , you 're not respecting citizens . 
   any rational moral thinking person would agree that torture can be used in rare circumstances . 
  it can not be used with any legitimate purpose in any circumstance . 
  you can use it , if all you care about is inflicting pain , and ultimately do n't care about justice in any way whatsoever . 
  i 'm happy for the eu and eurozone to thrive , but we do n't need to be in it to benefit from it , and we can avoid some of the conflicts and drama being on the outside . 
  england 's the most densely populated country in europe , apart from the city-states . 
  my answer would 've been different at different stages of the program . 
  he had peaked long before he left , and did n't seem into it anymore . 
  alternatively , with people deciding it 's important to provide food aid but not to provide the means to sustainable population growth . 
  and even sending out missionaries telling people it 's wrong to control their reproduction , wrong to have sex without the intention of producing children , to the point where you should n't take precautions against spreading stis if it prevents reproduction . 
  if there 's a problem with this , it 's that the trend is n't spreading to every part of the world . 
  7.4 billion is about 7.3 billion more than we absolutely need , and probably several billion beyond the number of humans where it would be possible for everyone to be able to live comfortably . 
  so they can see sexyorangutansinpinktututs.com, 
  unless you look at it as scandinavia . 
  any warmer than that , and it 's just ridiculous . 
  i ultimately had to get ac for my house . 
  possibly because it 's not built for much but being constantly heated by wood stoves , but it 's not possible to function above 25 with short nights and no chance of the house being cooled down before it starts up again . 
  when our cats do it we call it their tv . 
  probably not much else going on . 
  it 's the canada of eurasia . 
  lib dems are n't in government anymore . 
  because all their comedians emigrate ? 
  6 \u00b0 c temperature change happening in a few centuries can be as severe as a massive meteor impact . 
  20,000 years ago we were 4 \u00b0 c colder , and it took thousands of years from there to leave the ice age and go into our current interglacial period . 
  near total as in a mass extinction event . 
  one that 's affecting the oceans as much as land and the atmosphere . 
  life will go on , but it will be different . 
  extinct species ca n't be returned . 
  problem is we 're already at a point where near total destruction is inevitable , if we do n't make deliberate efforts to avoid it . 
  i 'd be fine with going after the major corporations like exxon who have actively worked to prevent those efforts from happening . 
  seize assets to help pay for projects like clean energy production and carbon sequestration . 
  so we need to make sure we do n't destroy our own civilization , as it 's unlikely another one will arise later . 
  they wo n't even have the easy access to oil , for hundreds of millions of years . 
   `` if twitter forces me to see these things , then they 'll have to see them too , '' the artist said in the video , posted on monday . 
  does it ? 
  i 've only seen one tweet this week , and i would n't have if i had n't looked it up . 
  you could try moving to scotland and wait a few years . 
  almost there . 
  two olsenbandens  any other cold war era comedy crime crew, 
  looks like there are some unclaimed islands . 
  potato whale . 
   i do n't think he could have done so , politically what does that really mean for a president who does n't even have to deal with a midterm anymore ? 
   only real benefit of political ads i can see , is if you 're in a country where the view of certain parties is suppressed somehow . 
  which probably means only certain parties would be allowed to advertise anyway . 
  maybe sexbots will have more of an impact . 
   but they say that the data stayed within sweden and that witness protection folks do n't need to worry .
