  pis was already planning to `` reform '' the constitutional court last time they were in power , in 2006 or 2007 . 
  so they would have done it anyway , but this time they had a better excuse . 
  well that 's their goal . 
  anti-german sentiment got brought back by our lovely conservatives , as they love the boogieman . 
  for years the relations were good and i think still are , but it might change as people love to blame germany for everything and try to use victims of ww2 as their shields . 
  so the complete opposite direction than the rest of the eu wants to go ? 
  why do we even bother with three pro-russian countries ? 
  would rather we got closer with sweden and other nordic countries , who actually might have similar geopolitical goals . 
  personaly i kind of do n't care anymore . 
  we tried , we were supporting them , but if they 're going to still glorify bandera and upa , refuse to face and accept the dark parts of their history then what 's the point ? 
  seems like they 've failed ? 
  there was n't even a slightest possiblity of turkey joining anytime soon . 
  only lies from leave side . 
  fake account , it say denald , not donald in the name . 
  he was a french tunisian . 
  what does that have to do with refugees ? 
  we 're back to blaming refugees for everything ? 
  no , the last thing anyone needs are populist fascists . 
  it did , koscielny could n't foul eder again , because he would be risking sending off . 
  and then eder scored . 
  during their `` golden generation '' phase ? 
  they were pretty close in 2006 too . 
  i mean they won it with someone like eder on the team , but not with figo , or rui costa ... 
  maybe first you 'll stop celebrating that fascist and war criminal bandera ? 
  and i do n't care that those kind of actions are aimed at russia , it 's disrespectful to us , especially with all the support they 've got from poland in recent years . 
   eu citizens were always a strong negotiating point post brexit . 
  yet you had farage , or hannan telling people that nothing will change for those who are already in the uk . 
  and what 's worse loads of people and polish eurosceptics believed them . 
  i do n't know , i think i would prefer that my pm was a decent man who did n't cheat on his or her spouse . 
  also the guy was meant to be running to be a leader of a party that put emphasis on family values ... 
  probably a reference to his affairs , there 's a documentary on boris , done by the bbc , that shows him standing outside of his door because his wife locked him out when the news about him having some personal time with his assistant broke out . 
  well rees-mogg and farage think they can still get the access to the single market . 
  they keep telling people that it 's possible . 
   has common interest with the baltics , romania and maybe finland sweden , why is no one mentioning sweden . 
  we should be in closer relation with them , and go back to having good relations with germany for heaven 's sake !, 
  i 'm so annoyed that poland is missing out on this because of the new government who thought it would be a great idea to get closer with the uk when it comes to the eu ... 
   he 's going to make france european champion too in order to give england 's morale its final coup de gr\u00e2ce what about us ? 
  first we took their jobs , now we 're going to take their football !, 
  i think a week ago i posted an article about `` middle england '' and how eurosceptical they are . 
  one guy in it actually suggest closing the tunnel , even though he said he did business in france and would be worse off . 
  edit : found it - http://www.politico.eu/article/middle-englands-immigration-referendum-brexit-road-trip-britain-middle-england/, 
  there were some nationalists areas that still voted leave so i do n't think the divide is a simple as catholic vs protestant thing . 
   even daily mail ( censored in here ) seens more subtle than guardian . 
  i think it 's time for you to look up the definition of a word `` subtle '' ... 
  and yet it was pretty much brushed off in poland ( there was some media buzz but no political action has been taken against former president and pm ) and no one stand trial for it ... 
   german comedian doing all german dialects looks at the map triggered.jpg, 
   like the scottish national party and plaid cymru in wales , the cornish nationalist party , mebyon kernow , is for remaining . 
  i ** t argues that the eu has a better record of providing funding for the region than westminster . 
  **  the party 's economy spokesperson , andrew long , said : `` the london government has continually ignored cornwall and its people . 
  funding for basic services and infrastructure has been well below the uk average and , as such , we are now rock bottom of the economic regions in terms of gdp and the fault lies squarely with westminster . '', 
  looking forward to see what zhirinovsky has to say about this , 
  why england ? 
  it was the russian fans attacking the english just after the final whistle while they were still at the stadium , not the other way around . 
  apparently our media are a bit confused ...  a polish tv channel just called to ask if i would do an interview to talk about the uk 's `` new muslim vice president '' . 
  this [ one ] ( http://www.footballkitnews.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/03/france-shirt-11-12.jpg ) was one of my favourite kits at that time . 
  shame you do n't use it any more . 
   black that 's [ our third kit ] ( http://i.wp.pl/a/f/jpeg/32621/oli_czarna_koszulka_300.jpeg ) !, 
  ( although at the moment it 's some kind of [ navy blue ] ( http://ocdn.eu/images/pulscms/mjy7mdqsmiwxnwisotm4lduyzjswniwzmtqsmwjjozbjlde0mgixy2zln2ywywm1mmvkyzaxmgq3mdk3ogu4ngjlldesmsw2lda_/4b0e18dc878a8942adaf3d375c4f5e37.jpg ) ), 
  orban and tusk are buddies and their parties are in the epp . 
  hardly a surprise . 
  actually he said multiple times that he supports an eu army . 
  some people in his party are not comfortable with it , but you ca n't disagree with the glorious leader . 
  for an eurosceptic like him , he really has a hard on for an eu army . 
  it 's bizarre . 
  http://www.reuters.com/article/us-ukraine-crisis-germany-steinmeier-iduskcn0z50ai http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/german-foreign-minister-accuses-nato-of-warmongering-russia-military-exercises-tensions-anaconda-16-a7088936.html, 
  him being pro-russian and schr\u00f6der 's mate worries me ... 
   make poland great again he already made it great . 
  he 'll have to come back and fix the mess that 's happening right now tho ... 
  sounds like the same treatment libdems got in the uk ... 
  the difference being is that german people should be used to coalitions and know how they work . 
  obama ? 
  it was all sarkozy and cameron ... 
  us was trying to stay out of it as long as possible . 
  then cameron and sarkozy went there and promised lybian people that france and the uk will help lybia and after that never came back . 
  what the hell , i thought we were georgia 's best friend :( . 
  avocado 's popularity leads to illegal deforestation in mexico and it puts a lot of pressure on local water resources . 
  apparently it 's so profitable that cartels are involved in growing it . 
  our donald is better than theirs . 
  i mean i know that we 're in europe have problems with aging population , but they 're probably not that bad ? 
  what do they actually stand for ? 
  sadly there is n't much about them on wiki . 
  i was looking at your polls recently and could you explain to me how 50 + has such a high support ? 
  went from 1/2 % in last election to 10 % now . 
  macron is crushing fillon in one on one polls . 
  or russian ? 
  their masters language . 
  hmm , macron is probably going to be better off if hamon becomes the nominee . 
  hamon sounds like a bernie sanders of france , quiet exciting , but just checking , what 's his views on gmo , nuclear etc ? 
  sadly the non-mainstream left is usually batshit crazy when it comes to these issues . 
   `` whenever someone has a flat tyre , whenever it starts raining when you 're walking the dogs , someone will say -- that 's brussels again , '' he said . 
  melenchon may have no chance in general election but currently he 's polling better than any ps candidate . 
  if the party ends up selecting someone like valls instead of hamon or montebourg , who also seems to be pandering to the left of the party , then thier voters might ditch ps and vote melenchon in may . 
  and similarly , if vallas is n't picked , the nore centre left ps voters might go for macron . 
  ps is in a really difficult position , like most of the established social democratic parties around the europe . 
  ps will pick their candidate next week , might potentially hurt macron or m\u00e9lenchon , if it 's going to be someone like hamon . 
  just read about it few days ago , would love to vist it soon !, 
  big population ? 
  do n't they have a massive demographic problem ? 
  hmm , would n't gue/ngl be a better fit ? 
  they 're slightly eurosceptic .
