  what i 'm saying is that in my opinion it was rather some lone wolves that were radicalised , that daesh is now claiming responsibility for . 
   is claiming responsibility of course they 're going to claim responsibility , it 's a great victory for them , i doubt there 's a network of terrorists lead by daesh . 
  just yesterday before the attack they were claiming that russia is their target , now they say france and europe . 
  shameful . 
   the man is a retard and a lunatic and needs to be shut down . 
  well the man has statistics and research behind him , all you have is insults so i rather trust him . 
  oh , so human rights only apply to europeans and not other people ? 
  how 's that ridiculous ? 
  it shows that you stand by your principles and human rights even when it comes to people like that guy . 
   david cameron announced britain would spend an extra # 200 million in aid in africa over the next four years on education , job-creation schemes and education , as he pushes the continents ' leaders to accept failed asylum seekers . 
  interesting , but few weeks ago i 've watched hans rosling 's [ programme ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pvjzjpbhrfe ) in which he basically said that we do n't even have to increase the foreign aid , just re-evaluate it , so countries like china would stop receiving it and the aid for the actually poor countries ( i think he used malawi as an example ) would rise . 
  however i could imagine that with foreign aid comes a lot of political influence and i can understand that uk , or other european countries would n't want to lose their influence in china , mexico or india . 
  completely off topic , but it came to my mind when i was reading that article . 
   they should have the citizenship of their parents in many cases , right ? 
  how would that work ? 
  even if they are descented from the original country i do n't think that automatically makes them citizens . 
  why would their parents country agree to take them ? 
  especially that if they would be convicted criminals , they probably have enough problem already . 
  also it would probably be a breach of human rights to send them there , although i 'm guessing you would send them there after they serve their time in the british prison ? 
  you ca n't deport a british citizen . 
  they 're probably are n't immigrants , but a second or a third generation , they were most likely born in the uk . 
   kaliningrad could also joint the eu system ( a move which russia would have to approve ) oh yeah , that 's how it starts , next thing you know and they 'll be having gay parades in kaliningrad and then they 'll want free elections and no corruption !, 
  what does turkey , iran and afghanistan have in common besides religion ? 
  they are different countries , it 's like comparing italy , ireland and poland . 
  all somehow catholic but with different cultures . 
  on top of that iran is shia while most afghanis are sunnis . 
  also afghanistan is full of different cultures , ethnic groups and tribes that coexist but are rather hostile to each other . 
  they 're all looking for better life and i think it 's pretty obvious that it 's europe that gives them the most opportunities , even though they 're probably would n't be able to compete on our job market , but someone sold them that vision of europe as a paradise so they 're trying they 're best . 
  i do n't blame them , i would do the same . 
  afd will never be in power , spd will . 
  on his recent trip to russia gabriel said that he wanted special relations between russia and germany and how he does n't understand why the relations have became so hostile . 
  and i agree with helping italy and greece , too bad no one talked about it and ignored it until this summer , when merkel invited everyone in . 
  ffs angela , get your shit together . 
  if russophile gabriel becomes next chancellor the entire central and easter europe is screwed . 
  maybe people do n't know that afd is n't the afd they knew ( eurosceptic conservatives ) ? 
  that the part split few months and got hijacked by pegida ? 
  yeah , let 's get isolated together !, 
  v4 party !, 
  first they need to stop occupying north of cyprus , then we can talk . 
  i mean it would be weird to negotiate with them while there 's a dispute with one of the memberes of the union . 
  let 's be honest , poland was the dominant part of the commonwealth . 
  maybe not poland/slovakia but there were cases of people trying to get through polish and ukrainian border and getting lost there . 
  there was a story of afghani family crossing bieszczady mountains and getting caught , or a story of a chechen mother who lost her three daughters there . 
   they 'll become the worst eurosceptics ... it 's gon na happen now , with the new government . 
  [ this guy is supposed to be poland 's next foreign minister ... ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x0yl8svfznq ), 
  so it begins ... 
  i 'm pretty sure he mentioned climate change in his un speech but it does n't matter to him any more ? 
  they were the ones that were the most outspoken about polish minority in lithuania being opressed and are in the same group as tomaszewski in the european parliament . 
  it 's hard to to narrow it down . 
  i think comparing them to fidesz and orban is probably the best . 
  they 're more eurosceptic than po , they want to have closer ties with countries in central and eastern europe , and with the us . 
  so yeah , merkel is losing a big ally in the eu . 
  it was 23 % in 2011 and something around 17 % for the 2nd round of presidential election this year . 
  usually higher turnout is good for po but i do n't know about it this year . 
   they had like 13 % in the polls on the day the party was announced that 's not true , i do n't think petru 's party got anything higher than 10 % in polls . 
  you 're talking about [ balcerowicz 's project ] ( http://polska.newsweek.pl/sondaz-ibris-poparcie-dla-list-kukiza-i-balcerowicza,artykuly,363118,1.html ) that somehow got popular in the media few months ago , when there was speculation that he 's going to create his own party . 
  oh yeah , those scary socialdemocrats ... 
  razem got 5 % in one of the polls today . 
  interesting stuff ... 
   has sharia or islam worked out to any country ever ? 
  i mean any country without oil . 
  well they 're not really focusing on this life , as they believe that if they follow it they 'll be rewarded after death . 
  still world champions . 
  this old xenophobic communist again . 
  seriously czechs , at what point did you think that electing him was a good idea ? 
  it was the [ university of technology and life sciences ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/university_of_technology_and_life_sciences_in_bydgoszcz ) not ukw . 
  [ kapela ze wsi warszawa ( warsaw village band ) and mercedes pe\u00f3n - leee\u0107 ( fly my voice ) ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cfimqjjasvw ), 
  few of those that i like have already been mentioned ( esti , basque country , venice ) , but i have n't seen [ this one ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/97/flag_of_belarus_%281918%2c_1991-1995%29.svg ) yet . 
  it looks so much better than belarus ' current flag . 
   i do n't want my current tri-color bro use [ this one ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/a6/flag_of_central_lithuania.svg ) , 
   imperium lechit\u00f3w i 'm curious , you do n't really believe it existed right ? 
   united left but with too leftist programme for my liking how ? 
  we 're talking about sld which was lowering taxes and palikot which let 's be honest is a liberal . 
  rest of the parties in the coalition are left wing but it would take a miracle for them to get a seat , maybe greens will manage to get one . 
  the whole united left seems like a centre-left/social liberal coalition and i would probably vote for them if it did n't involve sld . 
   zmiana just move to russia already . 
   i do n't support discrimination of polish women and polish gays and you 're voting for pis anyway ? 
  just stop pretending and using women and lgbt people as a cover for your xenophobia . 
   we defeated the germans twice !, 
  and now they 're back !, 
  margaret thatcher , december 1989, 
  read the article guys , it 's not the state of jamaica claiming this , but one professor :  ahead of his trip , sir hilary beckles , chair of the caricom reparations commission , has led calls for cameron to start talks on making amends for slavery and referenced the prime minister 's ancestral links to the trade in the 1700s through his cousin six times removed , general sir james duff . 
    in an open letter in the jamaica observer , the academic wrote : `` you are a grandson of the jamaican soil who has been privileged and enriched by your forebears ' sins of the enslavement of our ancestors ... you are , sir , a prized product of this land and the bonanza benefits reaped by your family and inherited by you continue to bind us together like birds of a feather . 
    `` we ask not for handouts or any such acts of indecent submission . 
  we merely ask that you acknowledge responsibility for your share of this situation and move to contribute in a joint programme of rehabilitation and renewal . 
  the continuing suffering of our people , sir , is as much your nation 's duty to alleviate as it is ours to resolve in steadfast acts of self-responsibility . '', 
  oh here we go again , no true scotsman . 
  i see , a new version of what happened . 
  i thought it was only pis being irresponsible with their campaign promises when they pretty much said they 're going to cancel this deal ( even tho airbus was the only one who actually offered what was asked for ) and made a deal with unions in the arms industry that they 're give it to polish hands not french ( even though [ mielec ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pzl_mielec ) is owned by fucking sikorsky and [ swidnik ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pzl-\u015awidnik ) is owned by agustawestland ) . 
  so their used petty nationalism to score some political points and now their slowing down the modernisation of polish army and also are ruining our foreign relations . 
  brilliant . 
  i mean , it was clearly a sarcastic comment so ... 
  who needs france , germany and the rest of the eu when you have your best buddy orban and might hungary , right ? 
  so they want to weaken nato ? 
  i 'm sure they 're friends from kremlin are happy . 
  soviet ? 
  the idea of polish cyrillic comes from the russian empire . 
   make america great again again ? 
  when was the magical time when they were so great ? 
  what made them stop being great ?
