  oh i 'm so sorry , i forgot about hungary . 
  that link only proves my point . 
  and what did i say ? 
  everyone else ignores the problem except the 5 countries that i 've mentioned . 
  pretty much everyone else except greece , malta , italy , germany and sweden . 
  first we need to help countries that are affected , italy and greece ( yes , we all need to take more asylum seekers ) . 
  then we need to cooperate with turkey , northern africa , maybe african union , help them tighten their borders ( although that 's pretty much impossible in libya , where there 's a civil war going on ... ) . 
  but as long as there 's a war in syria , libya , dictatorship in eritrea , mess in somalia and iraq , i really ca n't see this stopping . 
  we 're either going to accept most of them in or bribe neighbouring countries to keep them . 
  well she would be right ... 
  vodka is polish . 
   check : european federalist party hah , on their map kaliningrad belongs to poland . 
  maybe they know something we do n't ? 
   it 's pretty obvious by the fact that the refugees are trying to get to germany , denmark , sweden or other rich nations . 
  some people can get a refugee status easier in those countries than other . 
  i think that 's why so many eritreans are trying to get into the uk , they have better chances of becoming refugees there , while in france they would probably be refused a stay . 
   never bombed another country 1939 yo . 
  also what colonies have to do with that ? 
  there 's a war in syria that was n't started by western powers , there 's a humanitarian crisis there and in countries around that take most of the refugees . 
  greece and italy are also taking some and it seems like they need help . 
  i thought we were all for european solidarity ? 
  or do we only bring it up when we need help with russia ? 
  do n't like the tone of his writing . 
  it makes us look like we 're better than british and they should be glad we decided to emigrate to the uk . 
  seriously , imagine if an ukrainian person wrote something like that , with that tone in a polish newspaper . 
  people would not be happy . 
  i know he 's an eccentric guy but i do n't think he 's doing any favour to poles in the uk . 
  people who see us as drunk thieves who drain their welfare system do n't read the guardian anyway . 
  i mean he 's pretty much asking the british to tell us `` good job '' for having a job and assimilating with the society . 
  oh yeah , i guess so , but last year before european election they said that majority of them would probably join pes ( however they run as a coalition of smaller centre-left parties that did n't make it in the end ) . 
  they are centre left , but kind of irrelevant nowadays . 
  we 've got someone in alde now ? 
  who ? 
   sorry , but i do n't trust a finance minister which calls the credit unions a `` ponzi scheme '' well most evidence shows that 's what skoks are , so i do n't think he 's wrong . 
  law and justice are protecting them because that 's where they get their funding from . 
   please ... instytu obywatelski is a `` think tank '' of the ruling party . 
  and ? 
  i was n't expecting pis ' think thank to defend po 's decisions . 
  it 's pretty well explained in the article what the differences are and why they 've chosen a different path . 
   finance minister already says that `` we '' ca n't afford a higher tax free threshold , which is a bullshit . 
  i trust him more than someone from the internet , sorry . 
  they 've also decided to give some tax relief to families with children instead of raising the personal allowance . 
  i supported palikot 's proposal , thne suddenly everyone jumped on the bandwagon and started saying that they will raise it to 8 thousand , 10 thousand , than someone even proposed 20 thousand . 
  and that 's not the only policy that would ruin the budget . 
  duda wants to lower the retirement age and start giving 500 pln to every 2nd child in every family on poland . 
  yet he does n't say where will he find the money for it . 
  ( raising taxes on banks and supermarkets wo n't be enough ) more about the personal allowance : http://www.instytutobywatelski.pl/23358/komentarze/wolniej-z-wolna-kwota, 
  one term president . 
  but next couple of months will be interesting . 
  there 's the parliamentary election in october , so i can see him trying to force some of his expensive electoral promises now , when he knows that the current government will block it . 
   everyone 's been saying for years that it 's cheaper to vacation in turkey than palanga same case in poland . 
  it 's cheaper to go to turkey , tunisia , egypt , or greece and you 'll get a better weather as well . 
  huehuehue , sick jokes . 
  it 's gliwice bro . 
  you 're the one to talk . 
  you were late . 
  again . 
  blame hitler and stalin for that . 
   berlin ( swamp ) well not really . 
  berlin was n't built on the slavic settlements , they were all destroyed/abandoned . 
  yeah , that did n't happen . 
  horses vs tanks was a bs propaganda spread by the nazis . 
  wajda used it in his film because he was a son of a polish cavalry officer ( who was murdered by the soviets in katy\u0144 ) . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/charge_at_krojanty https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lotna, 
  where do idiots like you come from ? 
  ca n't she just sack him ? 
  or does he have a lot of support within the party ? 
  from what i remember , a lot of german redditors mentioned some corruption and sketchy behaviour regarding schauble , but i could n't really find much except something do to with party 's funding in the late 90 's early 2000 's . 
  can anyone explain more ? 
  how old is this video ? 
  onyszkiewicz ( guy at the end , i think he was a vice-president of the european parliament ) has n't been an mep since 2009 ... 
  yeah , like ukraine did n't have enough problems already . 
  i do n't think poland is even close to joining , we 're not meeting the requirements , and with all the mess that is going on , i do n't think the government would want to meet them . 
  but it somehow became a big issue in the news recently , when the biggest opposition party decided to score cheap popularity points and be anti-euro . 
  good decision . 
  op are you an archaeologist ? 
  i 'm pretty sure somersby sold in poland is n't even a proper cider . 
  it 's just a beer mixed with apple juice . 
  i mean i know we should do more , but i do n't think we would be able to accept that many . 
  but the eu quota that 's something between 2000 and 3000 is probably doable ... 
  but it probably wo n't happen , majority of the public is against it and it 's an election year . 
  we 're all for european solidarity when it benefits us , but when it 's time for us to step in and help other eu states we 're like `` nah , deal with it on your own italy/greece '' . 
  i do n't know how the law works but maybe it 's harder to reject asylum to someone who 's under 18 ? 
  so they would claim to be younger than they actually are ? 
  i do n't blame them , they risked everything , travelled halfway across the world , so they use every chance they have to get the refuge status . 
  so there were around 20 people there and of course some idiots from the [ national revival of poland ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/national_revival_of_poland ) had to show up . 
  why the hell would you even emigrate if you 're a nationalist ? 
   steady decline due every newspaper and magazine has been in decline , not only in poland but everywhere else in the world . 
  conservatives have wet dreams about gw failing and closing down but it has n't happened . 
  and it probably wo n't . 
  they just hate it because it 's a centre-left newspaper . 
  he 's clearly referring to the modern poland , post wwii . 
  it was written by a polish journalist . 
  during that time we only got some greek refugees , after the greek civil war and vietnamese immigrants ( and african students but not many of them stayed in poland ) . 
   with the survivors mainly settling in israel well that 's partially true , those we remained in poland were kicked out in [ 1968 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1968_polish_political_crisis#emigration_of_polish_citizens_of_jewish_origin ) . 
   greek banks closed , capital controls imposed krugman 's dropping bars . 
  / r/hiphopheads would love it . 
  they 're part of alde . 
  good luck to radikale !, 
   still do n't know why they find the uk so attractive ?
