  so we kind of got that in common with scotland . 
  we drink a lot , we get oppressed by our neighbours and we 're bad at colonising other parts of the world . 
  few word about that here : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/maritime_and_colonial_league#attempted_polish_overseas_possessions oh , also courland had some colonies , and as their were our vassal , so i do n't know , does that count ? 
  he 's pushing tories to the right , plus he 's pretty mad about the latest press regulations . 
  also i love how on every picture of farage that guardian posts he looks , well , kind of comical . 
  little media tricks like this and readers know what to think about him . 
   ( i know his batshit crazy but come on , this is a tabloid tactic ), 
  how does this actually work in northern cyprus ? 
  will this tax , or however it 's call work there ? 
  or are they functioning under turkish law ? 
  because all i know is that north is occupied by turkey , but never looked deeper into it . 
  they 're just ordering five beers !, 
  visegrad strong !, 
   italy the small boy with the large ego . 
  i think poland would fit there . 
  i mean not small , but just a huge ego and think he 's cooler than he actually is . 
  also i thought about belgium as an outsider of the group for some reason . 
  [ you forgot poland ] ( http://youtu.be/mahtgnik4q4?t=26s ) :(, 
  hahah , this and some hungarians theory that they ancestors were huns and attila is probably one of the crazies theories i 've read . 
  yes , because everyone in poland is racist . 
  i was thinking about europe in general . 
  do n't sweat it . 
  what 's wrong with the first comment ? 
  that 's the kind of imigrant we want , right ? 
  have no idea what the 2nd comment is saying though . 
  inflation hits the poor the most , not the rich . 
  all of the sudden money they had is worth less and prices go up . 
  mberre will probably get banned in / r/pyongyang for this horrible western propaganda !, 
  just to clarify , polish cavalry never actually attacked german tanks , that would be a stupid think to do . 
  they 've used in in their propaganda to portrait us as idiots , i think soviet used it as well . 
  however after the war it was used in polish films to show how brave and romantic heroes they were . 
  there was nothing in that link about it being number 1 in brussels ? 
  still does n't show europe being overtaken by muslims . 
  any source ? 
  weird , all these right wing people said that muhammad is number one in europe , wiki obviously lies man !, 
   `` conservatives believe in the ties that bind us . 
  society is stronger when we make vows to each other and we support each other . 
  i do n't support gay marriage in spite of being a conservative . 
  i support gay marriage because i am a conservative . '' -- david cameron sadly none of polish conservative mps grown to this standard . 
  i knew that two bills proposed by opposition left parties would n't go through , but did n't think that the government proposal will be lost as well . 
  i wonder if this will bring changes in the civic platform , the conservative wing is bigger than i thought . 
  yeah , but then it gave them cristiano ronaldo so it 's a tough choice ... 
  i like the one with hungarian dude , and they both are like `` sup ? '', 
  and then it goes to another panel and polan is raging again . 
  time to go back to crusader kings 2 . 
  i live in the uk so mostly snow , and also stuff about eu , in , or out . 
  standard . 
  few fellow poles shared some news , i 'll just add two . 
  * [ wprost ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wprost ) run a story about some kid who comitted suiced , blamed it on a weed . 
  i think they got support from polish newsweek so they 're going to milk this cow as well . 
  then [ united poland ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_poland ) , small right wing party , with some socialist economical views ( just thought worth mentioning it ) wants to make drug laws even harsher than they 're now . 
  and i 'm afraid they can get some support from the main conservative party . 
  * on thursday the debate on civil partnership will begin in sejm . 
  there are three bills , one from civic platform , one from democratic left alliance and one from palikot 's movement . 
  conservative parties , law and justice and united poland are already saying they 're against it , there 's also a conservative wing in the civic platform so they may also be against it . 
  do n't know how it 'll go , i 've read some opinions that 'll it wo n't be done in this parliament . 
  norway and denmark surprised me . 
  do you really think that someone who has done a 6 months of training , at some point in his life would be a better soldier and would be in this situation than pros ? 
  it 's not about the quantity any more . 
  also some would argue that changing the gun policies in europe would give the same effect to what you 're saying , but we all know how reddit and / r/europe feel about guns  falkland war is probably a good example where professional army proved to be much better than an army composed of conscripts . 
  ok that 's not so good any more . 
  i want liberals do to well . 
  would that happen in the federal election in autumn ? 
  fdp got almost 10 % ? 
  i thought they were supposted to get something incredibly low , below 5 % , this shows that they still might do well . 
  gary jonhson was a much better candidate . 
  i do n't see the problem , french will probably do just fine , and also they were asked to help . 
  i 'm not libertarian any more , but still think that they approach about this things is good , just do n't get involved into something that 's not really a threat to your security . 
  ( now of course we can have a debate if the islamic mali would be a threat for europe ), 
  but why ? 
  if i 'm not wrong , professional army is cheaper , and much better trained in case of a conflict . 
   but turkish sandnigger leftovers go back to 4chan kid . 
   that will be the ultimate karma . 
  what exactly have they done to deserve it ? 
  [ * `` vodka , you 're feeling stronger , vodka , no more feeling bad '' * ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e7kjrgpgvrq ), 
   turkey ( which wants to join the eu ) well first they should stop occupying cyprus ... just a thought ... 
  so people of marseille , how bad it really is ? 
  nope , law was suppose to be changed , but opposition did n't like it/constitutional tribunal did n't allow it . 
  do n't really remember . 
  eu referendum in 2004 was the only two day vote we had . 
  wait it says that 99 % of votes has been already counted ? 
  if i recall correctly schwarzenberg was lower than franz in polls , now he 's 2nd ? 
  edit : ok , so it turns out , czechs are smart and decided to have a two-day elections . 
  still i 'm suprised with the popularity of schwarzenberg . 
  guido westerwelle is n't the leader of fdp any more ? 
  as a liberal i feel it 'll be a shame if liberals wo n't get into the federal parliament . 
  why are they so low in polls ? 
  silesian autonomy movement probably does n't exist outside of upper silesia , so there 's no way opole and lower silesia would be there . 
  also i do n't think kashubians can be call separatist , i do n't even know if they want an autonomy . 
  did that actually happened ? 
  this is absurd . 
  they 've used some stock photo , like probably for most of their press conferences and then some paper tried to make a big deal out of it , and now it gets coverage in europe ? 
  if that would be a main problem in poland i would gladly come back . 
  & # 3232 ;\\ _ & # 3232 ; also quoting piskorski , who 's party gets around 1 % in polls and the guy is out of politics for a while now . 
  how much more absurd will this story get ? 
  same thing happened in poland as well . 
  both sides are taking it to extremes and it got worse after smole\u0144sk 's crash . 
  you guys are really bad at drinking , getting drunk pretty fast , and then i 'm the only one sober . 
  man up . 
  wow , poland really does have a bad rep. . .
