  wait , someone thinks pierogi are russian ? 
  first they steal vodka from us , now this ? 
  kld , not civic platform , got some funds from cdu but that was back in the early 90 's ... 
  well last week there was a debate in sejm about silesians and one of pis ' mp did say that `` korfanty would shoot you '' while talking to someone from [ ra\u015a ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/silesian_autonomy_movement ) . 
  but i really doubt that whoever said that today knew about it . 
  oh so cbos is reliable all of the sudden ? 
  how quckly things have changed . 
   that does not a dictatorship make . 
  the leader is still elected . 
  really ? 
  so when did the iranian people elected ali khamenei to become the supreme leader of iran ? 
  he is the actual head of state . 
   relatively progressive nations let 's not get ahead of ourselves ... their human rights record is awful . 
  are channel islands allowed to vote in it ? 
  with all the mess around the constitutional tribunal , public media , reform to the civil services and eu being unhappy with us , this sadly did n't get much of the attention in the media or in the protests that were happening . 
  it 's probably unconstitutional ( last government tried to introducing something exactly the same to this and the ct announced it be unconstitutional ) , but constitutional tribunal is pretty much paralysed after recent changes ... 
  they can always come back home to poland . 
  pathetic . 
  few days ago i was actually impressed with them willing to honour previous commitments but i see they 're trying to backtrack from it . 
  pis has been using anti western rhetoric for a while , but it was mostly targeted at germany . 
  it was kaczynski that first used a term `` condominium '' to describe poland , pis 's politician were referring to poland as a neocolony , recently this dangerous rhetoric of germany not being able to criticise poland because of the war came back and is popular again . 
  it was their minister that told bild that some of the western ideas , like mixing of the races and cultures , using renewable energy or something as ordinary as cycling or vegetarianism are western ideas that wo n't fit with the so called polish values . 
  so this procedure did n't exist before orban got to power ? 
  like the eu had no power to sanction a member state before ? 
  that was a huge oversight ... 
   apply for asylum in france some of them have better chances of getting asylum in the uk than in france , that 's why they want to get to the uk . 
  i think it 's mainly eritreans though . 
  do n't remember them reviewing hungary when orban was doing the same thing . 
  this will only play with pis ' narrative , evil western powers and their corporation are trying to stop them fixing the country . 
  i 'm already worried that there 's more and more euroscepticism in poland , this will only add fuel to the fire . 
  no , the uk actually supports nato bases in eastern europe . 
  it 's mainly germany that 's blocking it . 
  which only show how ridiculous our diplomacy became in last few weeks ... 
  ca n't wait to see how pis voters will spin that u-turn . 
  yeah , if you want euroscepticism to grow in poland , go ahead , do it . 
   then it was bought when ? 
  it was never sold to anyone and most of the staff is the same . 
  righ wingers are just annoyed that someone in poland dares to be a little bit more secular and center-left , so they attack gw whenever they get a chance . 
  ( not saying that sometimes it does n't desver criticism but most of the stuff you can read online about it just how it 's a tool in jewish propaganda and how bad michnik is ), 
  the new law has been written in one day , is two pages long , has four articles in it and all it does it lets then take control over the public media . 
  lovely way of reforming the country , especially when you remembered the legendary blue folder full of new bills that were supposed to be introduced after they won the elections , 
  interesting because most of the `` independent '' journalist still had their shows till 2011 , while po came to power in 2008 . 
  there 's quiet a lot of streets named after fdr in poland , and few named after reagan . 
  well `` the tradition '' was introduced by the communists , before that poles were eating different kind of fish . 
  so that 's pretty important considering that podemos and c 's would probably want to reform some parts of the constitution ? 
  it pretty much wo n't happen now . 
  `` from the new political centre , it 'll be easier to talk to those who do n't think like us . '' https://twitter.com/ciudadanoscs/status/678711024720195585 sounds like they are open to talk to psoe and podemos . 
  and they would n't need separatists at that point . 
  how big is the role of the senate in spain ? 
  because it looks like pp will have a majority in it . 
  also do you think psoe , podemos and ciudadanos coalition is possible ? 
  politically , would n't it be better for them to stay in opposition ? 
  if they get involved in some kind of big coalition and start to govern they 'll definitely will lose some of the appeal , especially if they 'll have to compromise . 
  some kind of grand coalition between pp and psoe would probably be beneficial to podemos . 
  i 'm guessing that pp , c 's and some regional parties could form a coalition , but i think it 's only the canaries parties that are central right . 
  seems like a coalition of pp and c 's would n't be enough for the majority , so what next ? 
  still not as bad as ireland !, 
  ( roi bans it even when there are some fetal defects [ gosh , that sounds harsh ... there has to be nicer way of describing it ] ), 
  that 's how he got devil 's attention and made her come to the moon . 
  good news . 
  good job france !, 
  that 's an urban legend , the current set up of house of commons is less than 100 years old and there has been a ban on carrying weapons in the parliament for over 700 years . 
  this has been posted so many times , everytime a lot of people points out what ; s wrong with it and then someone else posts it again ... 
  there 's no kashubian separatists movement and silesian autonomy movement on this map takes up to three voivodeships but in reality only exists in upper silesia , which is only a part of silesian voivodeship . 
  they have few seats in the local assembly but that 's it . 
  look at per capita date , it looks different then . 
  just for those who thought thet the v4 group means anything . 
  ca n't wait to see the polish conservatives apologise v4 for that decision . 
  they might : http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-34341352, 
  happy great union day bros !, 
  is politics in corisca different to the mainland ? 
  do you have separatists parties like catalans do ? 
   rojalists royalists ? 
  in france ? 
  the fact is that weaker eu is a benefit for russia , china , or us . 
  there has been lot of talk about solidarity after the paris attack but what 's belgium and french government doing is not helpful , it makes the entire union look like a joke on the outside . 
  you 're kidding me ? 
  well i bet putin loves this . 
  so much for the united europe ... 
  it 's cheaper to have a professional army . 
  it 's also much more better trained . 
  but it might changed as during the campaign conscription was mentioned by pis politicians but then they swept it under the carpet and never mentioned it again , while media did n't ask them about it . 
  well yeah , that happens when you elect climate change deniers to your government ... also last 8 years were wasted , they could have been used in modernising out energetics , they could have moved forward with the nuclear plant instead of only talking about it ... now coal lovers are in power so not much will change . 
  most of them are happening because of the previous government , even that trip to china , i think that was planned by komorowski 's staff , so i 'm happy that some people are actually acknowledging what po did for poland  that bit about china is hilarious because they 've been offering exactly the same things to everyone who visited them in last few months but sure , they truly understand us , not like that nasty western europe . 
  i think the general public is pro-eu , but somehow they 've managed to elect the most eurosceptic parliament ever . 
  it just shows that general public does n't really care ... 
  this is how independent and sovereign we are , look at us , only polish flags !, 
  they 've been in power for over a week and been pulling crap like this everyday ... 
  feminism is not anit-men . 
  at least you guys and hungary have civil unions . 
  that could n't even pass in poland . 
  yeah , so in his mind they 're a danger to our western civilization , that 's why we wo n't let them enter , but here , let 's train and arm them . 
  he has n't even been officially appointed but he 's already been saying ignorant stuff like this for past few days ... 
  this is what happens when you put a war hawk like him in a position of power . 
   if it turns out they were monitoring the guys that committed fridays attacks , heads will role . 
  was n't in the same in january , when it turned out that people responsible for charlie hebdo attack , and that guy who attacked the jewish market were known to the authorities ? 
  do n't think anything changed ( or we just do n't know about it ) . 
   why france ? 
  probably because of their involvement in air raids in syria and because france is hosting euro 2016 . 
  yes .
