exactly . 
  the old ruins were n't even inside the borders of the new town . 
  only the name remained . 
  thank you !, 
  no , $ or $ are not used in poland in those cases . 
  differences between wibor and euribor . 
  the rate of a mortgage in pln is corelated with wibor , in $ with euribor, 
  until you 'll get a mortgage . 
  not being in $ zone costs me a few hundred pln every month . 
   big temperature swings between summer and winter in belgium ? 
  no , seriously no . 
  although you probably mean often transitions of temperature over the 0 degrees mark . 
  that might be closer to the truth . 
  or through proxy companies based in belarus like currently we do with our apples, 
  not being cynical is very dangerous when dealing with russia . 
  no country is ever a friend of another ... 
  excluding poland and hungary that is . 
  the thing is , it used to be friends with western europe . 
  mostly with germany against poland , with everyone against the germans , everyone against france etc. 
  the `` pre ukraine '' game of russia was to ally with germany and any other willing western europe country against new members of the ue as can be be seen with nord stream for example . 
  let 's hope they 're not . 
  it 's hard to say judging by the actions taken in regards to the crimean crisis . 
  putin has just made a model 1930 's move . 
  let 's assume the worst otherwise we wo n't be prepared for it . 
  what would happen if russia would invade the baltics next week ? 
  would germany even stop buying its gas ? 
  you 're right . 
  the memorandum signatories providied ** security assurances ** to ukraine . 
  it seems that does n't mean they offered any protection against an invasion . 
  [ full text ] ( http://en.wikisource.org/wiki/ukraine._memorandum_on_security_assurances ), 
  from all the non nuclear states yours is the one that could make it cheapest . 
  knowledge is still there . 
  `` secretely '' is the keyword here . 
  withdrawal from the nuclear non-proliferation treaty is of course a gift for putin and a nice pretext for invasion . 
  speaking of which , russia ~ ~ and the west ~ ~ clearly broke the budapest agreement . 
  what stops you now from secretly developing some nukes while you still can ? 
  i wonder how much time would it take . 
  there were no russian speaking parts . 
  there were ukrainian and belorussian speaking parts which the soviet union allowed itself to liberate . 
  let 's make ourselves some nukes !, 
  i do n't see why the child benefits should n't be given regardless of the place of their residence . 
  the parent pays for them in his/hers taxes . 
  i find the whole propaganda outrageous . 
  i know that poles are easy target , but still i 'm astounded that anybody would fall for that in uk . 
  clearly uk 's economy gets the better end of the emigration deal . 
  it gets cheap educated labor absolutely for free . 
  if someone says `` britain does n't get a jack shit out of it . '', 
  she 's not educated enough about the topic to have this conversation . 
  i 've responded to the huge families argument simply because it surprised me the most ( i 've never heard anything like that , we 're struggling with a strong trend of demographic decline ) . 
  mostly because it 's profitable . 
  huge families ? 
  poles have statistically less children than brits . 
  that seems completely unfair to me . 
  if you pay taxes in a community you can also receive benefits from it . 
  why would want to lose your danish retirement money if you have payed for it during you lifetime . 
  that 's ridiculous . 
  simply because the parents working in uk are paying for that benefits in their taxes . 
  i do n't remember hearing about him . 
  i 've just spent an hour reading about the battle of vaslui , the cosmin forest . 
  interesting stuff , thanks for bringing this topic here . 
  i do n't see any problem with them calling themselves prussians . 
  germans did just that after slaughtering the original prussians . 
  he 's making a joke about our inadequate navy, 
  wotva, 
  well , a 100 years ago it was samoch\u00f3d . 
  is n't that the literal translation of automobile ? 
  so , does sweden have two have zero centuries ? 
  hitler played va banque in poland . 
  if france and uk would attack germany from the west as they were obligated to by the treaty with poland the war would soon end . 
  it 's interesting that we use both variations of the same name . 
  we have w\u0142odzimierz, 
  is wearing prosciutto trendy in croatia ? 
  why not czechia ? 
  we get the beer , knedliky and some mountain resorts . 
  they get nothing to say in the sejm since there are like 10 mln of them, 
  what an ignorant thing to say . 
  even the catholic church approves evolution ( as gods tool or smth ) . 
  ah , ok . that one , i do n't know where it 's at , surely it 's not koln . 
  it looks like a small town in northern france or belgium . 
  i wonder why did the illuminati let them have those elections this time . 
  17 % od adult poles voted for them . 
  now they think they are above the law and constitution because of that . 
  yes , just like the chinese factories . 
  it does n't have much more wind energy produced . 
  poland produces around 1 mw more . 
  for pl it 's 65 w/person for ro 90 w/person which is comparable taking into account that dk produces 745w/person and spain 450w/person . 
  all in all comparing this is nonsense because of different wind conditions . 
  also wind energy is inefficient as fuck . 
   \u015a\u0179\u0106\u017b\u0143 no , that would be \u015a\u0179\u0106\u017b\u0118\u0106i\u0143 . 
  yeah it 's easy to build hydro if your country is not a huge plain . 
  romania does n't have any more wind farms than poland does it ? 
  oooor the temperature is not related to co2 emisions as much as people who profit from it would like us to think . 
  did n't the global emision rise at that period of time ? 
  look at china . 
  i 'm sorry but these numbers are completely meaningless it is comparing apples to oranges . 
  we are nothing but a western europes colony where all the profits of all the banks most of the industry and trade is transfered there . 
  i 've just bought my groceries in an auchan and payed with austrian credit card . 
  we are in your pocket and have no possibility to catch up . 
  the bullshit co2 limits will also keep us down where we belong . 
  take your nuclear tech as example .
