   ok , why is base 10 objectively better then ? 
  because its easier . 
  also , its just a good idea if everyone uses the same units for everything . 
  that way we all know what were talking about . 
  which is why we have si units , which are metric . 
  oh , i know its * about * half a kilo but never what it * actually * is . 
  i know a pint is 568mls but that 's only because beer . 
  unfortunately not . 
  when you realise that many people in this country yearn to use firkins , bushels and chains over grams , metres , and litres , you will understand why so many people voted for brexit . 
  tl ; dr - we have a lot of nutters in the uk, 
  not so sure about that , it probably depends on where you live . 
  i have a butchers within walking distance of my house but there is no advantage to using them - they are expensive and stock nothing i ca n't get for less money in the supermarket . 
  on the other hand , there is a pretty good butcher close to my work who are well priced and can get me just about anything i ask for given a days notice . 
  i 'm not even sure what a pound is ... 
  really , how so ? 
  nonsense , its far easier to covert poppyseeds to shaftments than millimetres to meters !, 
  [ seems legit ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/imperial_units#/media/file:english_length_units_graph.png ) honestly , wtf is wrong with some people ? 
  they look a bit ... plane ... 
  you mean a party of nationalists with some nominally socialist policies ? 
  idk ... 
  surely if the polish people have weapons and uniforms they should n't need protecting ? 
  sure . 
  which is why there are 3 possible scenarios * uk goes full norwegian , eea with full freedom of movement and everything stays the same * uk/eu grant reciprocal residence to respective expats and at least existing expats are n't uprooted * uk/eu grant no right to respective expats and chaos reigns !, 
  i can think of countries not in the eu that have freedom of movement within the eu . 
   and you left the club exactly because of this principle , which you did n't like i voted to remain . 
  however , the options on the ballot mentioned nothing about freedom of movement so i do n't know how you 're extrapolating people 's motivation . 
   and you left because of it and now you are asking for it to change ? 
  evidence ? 
   im sorry bit your reasoning is that of an insane person that does not comprehend logic or even the basic notion of causality sure . 
  whatever . 
  indeed , and it works both ways . 
  imo , * not * agreeing to this bilaterally will cause a huge amount of trouble , so its difficult to see how things could possibly proceed without some mutual dispensation . 
  pretty na\u00efve to think that expats would * not * be used as bargaining chips . 
  https://fullfact.org/europe/where-does-eu-export/  also , i 'd be very curious how much of the swiss trade with the eu is actually trade with the uk ... do n't know but i imagine it would be a lot if we 're including financial services in that . 
  interestingly , the uk and swiss export markets add up to almost as much as the us and china put together . 
  we could do what we did before and get the dutch to invade us ? 
  in addition to what u/kingofeggsandwiches said , a large proportion of the leave votes would have been fairly idle protest votes cast by people who do n't particularly like the eu but * never * thought that we would * actually * leave , so why not protest . 
  i think the recent shit-storms and threat of the uk being dismembered have focused a few minds though . 
   he has just completely de-legitimised the exit campaign . 
  * claim we can rule ourselves * cant, 
  `` we '' being the snp ? 
  this is the best downfall ever . 
  `` that has got to be , without a doubt , the stupidest fucking argument i have ever heard '', 
  he needs to remove himself from public life completely . 
  every single statutory instrument or regulation introduced in the last 4 decades is going to have to be scrutinised and revised . 
  i 'm not even sure if its possible full stop , let alone possible in time for a 2-year article 50 deadline . 
  and a few months ? 
  forget it . 
  impossibru . 
   its pretty clear that over the long term brexit is the better choice . 
  its pretty clear you have lost touch with reality completely . 
  we have not even begun to even think about a single trade agreement . 
  i rather think most labour supporters voted leave . 
  that , in a nutshell is the problem . 
  no one is looking out for the working class anymore and they are fucking pissed off about it . 
  the campaigns were absurdly bad . 
  massively divisive , and the remain camp 's tactics of calling leavers a bunch of stupid racists obviously backfired catastrophically . 
  its not a case that people dislike eastern europeans . 
  its simply that the volume of immigration is viewed by many as being unsustainable - an extra million people a year is a lot . 
  honestly , i quite like eastern europeans in general . 
  they seem to have a lot in common with us in terms of rambunctious fun loving people with a bit of an alcohol problem . 
  hope to visit hungary soon , i have heard good things !, 
  it will take at least 2 years to sort anything out . 
  probably 7 . 
  maybe 10 . 
  in the meantime , we remain a full member with the same rights and restrictions as everyone else . 
  most probable option is that blanket amnesties will be applied affording permanent resident status to eu citizens in the uk and vice versa . 
  come on over . 
  we have strawberries !, 
  though they also run the risk of not being in either the uk or the eu , and with north sea oil having effectively tanked , that 's a pretty dire gamble . 
  is too , wwiii is going to start in 45mins if we vote leave !, 
  tony blair said so so it must be true !, 
  no , 22:00 bst ( which is gmt +1 ), 
  or as its commonly known `` english '', 
   we used to be an empire and a very imperialistic one for that matter . 
  as opposed to all the non imperial empires ? 
  replusive, 
   for all its issues , the euro would be fantastic for the uk . 
  especially through the crisis . 
  it 's shitty for us in spain but it would essentially be an artificially undervalued currency . 
  i do n't think so . 
  one of the first things that happened when the 2008 crisis struck was for the bank of england to massively devalue sterling . 
  that just is n't possible with the euro . 
  can we gang up on the french ? 
  it was still an raf squadron , even though the pilots were foreign types . 
  you 'll see the same thing with 303 squadron - the famous polish one . 
  sure , all those troops and airbases are there purely out of charity !, 
  nothing to do with projecting power on an imperial scale without the expense of maintaining an empire, 
  portugal, 
  seriously , 1 person gets arrested and everyone is making out like it was a major riot ? 
  i mean , i detest our football fans as much as anyone but a single arrest is hardly unexpected when you have thousands of young men out drinking . 
  til the finns are actually british, 
  it has n't aged well . 
  harry enfield actually caused a diplomatic row with one of his sketches where he was trying to mate his pet northerner with his neighbour 's philippino maid . 
  without looking at it - mr ulsterman , cheese and painneapple on a stuck ? 
   not nottheonion does that mean . . it * is * the onion then ? 
  lots here in londres, 
  i greatly admire the french for their curious blend of insouciant left wing nationalism , and their national pride despite being in full cognisance of the fact that they are n't english . 
  you obviously live in granada - a great place !, 
   is alhambra better than than dozens of unique other places just because it is unique itself .
