  does this sub have some kind of fetish for misleading shitty map porn ? 
  denmark : you speak english more good than we do : /, 
   malta 's megalithic temples i had no idea these existed !, 
  there is so much history in malta , you ca n't swing a cat without hitting something of historical significance . 
  and the colourful old buses !, 
  the fact that you can get good red wine for a euro a bottle is also heavily in spain 's favour :3, 
   of the 118.000 allied soldiers on the field at waterloo , only 25.000 were british - or 21,1 % . 
  foreigners do n't count . 
  belgium : beer chocolate mussels chips stew belgium could just be the perfect country . 
  just as long as they are deported to syria or somewhere ... 
  point and grunt, 
  [ ` spect ] ( http://i3.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/609/815/941.png ), 
  winter is cold !, 
  no uk ? 
  you fucking wot m8 ? 
  its always been a strange dichotomy . 
  pira always insisted it was actually an army fighting a war , and demanded it 's prisoners were not treated like ordinary criminals . 
  at the same time , they would whinge like shit when the british security services practiced shoot to kill policies . 
  then you have the other side of the coin ( pun intended ) with the british government saying they were actually just criminals , but instituting shoot to kill policies as if they were fighting an actual army . 
  handy resource [ here ] ( http://cain.ulst.ac.uk/othelem/index.html ), 
  this from the man who bankrupted lloyds ? 
  and we should listen to him for why , exactly ? 
  what is interesting is that they chose to be mainly irish ( or sometimes italian ) but why the fuck do n't they go around pretending to be german or english ? 
  i mean , there were a shitload of immigrants from both those countries , but somehow no one is descended from them ? 
   london was given to russian and arab oligarchs i thought that already happened ? 
  finance and engineering . 
  then we would graduate and get a job as an estate agent . 
  error page 404 :(, 
  goes to show how ignorant and out of touch nato are !, 
  i have changed my mind , you are right . 
  there 's a difference between skirting airspace and repeatedly flying over someone else 's * actual territory * with a warplane . 
  its not really acceptable and turkey was within its rights to defend its sovereignty from incursions by a foreign military power . 
  always found it a bit odd that its considered bad to shoot pilots bailing out of their aircraft , but its always been acceptable to shoot at a tank crew trying to bail out of their vehicle . 
  does n't look so good for turkey then , does it . 
  it was only * briefly * over turkish airspace . 
  no way it spent 5 minutes ignoring warnings . 
  it was on a diplomatic mission ... intercepted no transmission ... 
  if turkey tries to invoke nato mutual defence , i imagine all other nato members will tell turkey to stfu . 
  no one wants wwiii over this . 
  random upvote for your username ( beware the holy hand grenade of antioch ), 
  maybe they could `` fall down the steps '' at the police station or something ? 
  see [ here ] ( https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/terrorism-arrests-analysis-of-charging-and-sentencing-outcomes-by-religion/terrorism-arrests-analysis-of-charging-and-sentencing-outcomes-by-religion ) even if sentenced to life , how many people actually spend the rest of their lives in jail ? 
  not many . 
  not really . 
  he took over an economy that was on a strong upwards trajectory , ruined it by massively overspending on arms , then had to go around invading other countries to keep germany solvent and fed , which all ended with millions of germans killed , displaced , or imprisoned and the entire country dismembered and occupied by foreign powers . 
  super crappy villain , more like . 
  edit : downvoted by nazi bois . 
  yeah , but seeing this is europe , how long would be in prison for ? 
   fun thing is that usually nobody hates the french like the french . 
  hey !, 
  that 's the job of us english !, 
  in all seriousness , it irks me when people go on about `` cheese eating surrender monkeys '' simply because its so historically inaccurate . 
  even if they are my country 's traditional enemy , i would never wish them ill , though they do reek of garlic , 
   known for surrendering . 
  :p sarcasm or not , the perception is wrong and ironically perpetuated by the americans , who owe their nationhood to the french . 
  that 's not the way intel works . 
  intel is isolated pieces of a vast jigsaw . 
  sometimes the analysts draw the right conclusions from the small packets of information they have . 
  sometimes , inevitably , they do not . 
  wtf have to do with iraq ? 
  they * opposed * the war in iraq . 
  if the lord had mercy , this would n't be happening . 
   also please note that i 'm definitely not an expert , just an amateur with an internet connection . 
  well , [ we have had enough of experts in this country ] ( http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3be49734-29cb-11e6-83e4-abc22d5d108c.html?siteedition=uk ) so you sound like just the sort of person we need . 
  why not come over and start work as a special advisor to the treasury ? 
  you and your experts again eh ? 
  he was n't casting aspersions on spanish wine . 
  in english ` plonk ' is just a word for cheap wine . 
  spanish red is quite good imo . 
  the last time i was down the costa del prole , i was drinking bottles of tempranillo for the princely sum of 1 euro each and passing it off to my wine-snob friends as costing twenty times the price . 
  they loved it !, 
  and if its bolted top and bottom you 're going to look a bit if a tit, 
  tfw when 9/11 cuts off their income stream, 
  and worse besides . 
  i 'm not here to defend their unspeakable evil , just to point out that it is n't really comparable to what 's happening now . 
  the difference is that in the past , terrorist organisations had at least semi-reasonable and limited political aims . 
  for example the ira could be negotiated with and a mutually acceptable settlement arrived at . 
  daesh has no political objective . 
  its simply a death cult that aims to kill and torture as many people as possible . 
  there can be no negotiations and there can be no settlement . 
  what 's more , even at their worst , organisations like the ira , eta , plo etc would often seek to avoid indiscriminate mass-murder , either by issuing warning of a bomb or by directly targeting security services . 
  daesh on the other hand has no other aim than indiscriminate mass-murder . 
  they are simply not comparable . 
  i have holidays booked to both munich and turkey . 
  if anyone would like a country to go to ruin , just buy me a flight . 
  i seem to be some kind of typhoid mary . 
  it was only a model, 
  its not very nice for them, 
  working class means those people who traditionally would have done manual labour or unskilled or semiskilled jobs - miners , factory and factory and agricultural workers etc. 
  and thus by extension the people who come from that sort of background today regardless of their current employment status . 
  it does n't mean everyone who works for a living . 
  actually so long as you 're buying dry cured bacon , you should be fine . 
  it might be more expensive but its certainly worth it , as you say , no one likes boiling bacon . 
  also , i noted that tesco 's racks of spareribs are consistently lower in fat than the ones i get from the butcher . 
  however the butcher 's chicken is * much * better and they can get me stuff the supermarkets just wo n't stock - a whole pigs neck or an onglet for example . 
  yes , but we do n't really think of that as going to a butcher , its still buying from the supermarket, 
  well , there was [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/metric_martyrs ), 
   base 10 is only easy for people well , most of us are people . 
  a firkin is 9 gallons or about 41 litres . 
  usually used in the context of a cask of beer - about in enough for a quiet night in .
