in my defence , it is monday : /, 
  most london museums are free regardless of age/nationality/gender / religion etc. 
  by the way , can you recommend any good military museums in paris ? 
  wow . 
  if its something obama * and * alistair campbell want for the uk then it must be a terrible thing indeed . 
  there is no need to institute border controls post brexit . 
  there is a free movement zone between the uk and roi that is independent of and pre-dates the eu agreement . 
  its thanks to churchill the normans invaded in 1066, 
  there 's a difference between losing your job for saying something unacceptable and actually being prosecuted for it . 
   btw you can find the cr\u00e8me fra\u00eeche in most uk supermarkets next to the other cream near the milk . 
  if only it was that easy !, 
  but its not is it . 
  you might * think * they put the creme fraiche next to the other cream , but no !, 
  they put it next to the yoghurt . 
  next to the yoghurt !, 
  which is of course in a different aisle to all the other dairy products . 
  why ? 
  for the love of all that is sacred , * why do they do it to us * ? 
  that would be a croque monsieur and therefore french . 
  we do have welsh rarebit which is cheese on toast but the cheese is first melted up with mustard , worcester sauce , and beer . 
  if there 's pork scratchings in there somewhere and a large doner with extra chilli sauce after the 12th pint , i 'll change my vote to ` remain ', 
  a sad love story you totally made up and isnt actually true . 
  to get an idea of how many calories a person consumes , you need to track everything , and i mean everything , they eat or drink . 
  when i started calorie counting , i was amazed at how things i thought were good ` diet foods ' actually turned out to be massive calorie bombs . 
  no wonder i was fat . 
  adjusted my eating habits and 23kg just melted away . 
   they grabbed him and pinned him to the ground for several minutes really ? 
  source ? 
  do n't worry . 
  they have had to sell autotrader to keep going . 
  without that cash cow , they will be out of business before too long , even with their aggressive tax avoidance . 
   i also think of when the tour de france went through england and many french fans were saying they thought the uk was just grubby concrete towns and empty countryside with no views . 
  had this with my father-in-law who is a foreign-type . 
  he thought the whole country was built-up and was just gobsmacked by the amount of scenic beauty . 
   spain 's north is underrated spain has a north ? 
  what sorcery is this ? 
   romania is underrated . 
  would like to go there . 
  have done a virtual tour using google streetview . 
  seems like a wonderful place . 
  is it safe for tourists ? 
   my girlfriend is finnish time to get a new one then, 
   become like uk factories shut down ? 
  heating and hot water would come under the gas bill . 
  i have no idea how people spend 14kwh a day in addition to gas usage ... 
   rough breakdown i think was about # 800 for has and # 600 for electricity . 
  seriously ? 
  i was paying # 80 a month for dual fuel for the last two years but ended up with almost # 700 in credit so i dropped it to # 20 a month to catch-up . 
   waters another # 600 are you on a meter ? 
  that sounds like a hell of a lot !, 
   council tax totally agree . 
  council tax is one month 's take home salary for me every year . 
  add in the cost of commuting and i 'm down about 10 weeks pay - a fifth of my income - just to exist in my house and get to work and back . 
  is it just roasted peppers stewed up ? 
  france is a hamster !, 
  towns & cities : diesel , kfc and piss and sweat . 
  country : dandelions , dreams , and bumblebees . 
  you forgot luxembourg and france . 
  and yes , invading other countries for no reason does make you responsible for the war . 
   although one could argue one could argue the moon is made of cheese , it still has no basis in fact . 
  a militarist germany invaded belgium , luxembourg and france , on the most transparently flimsy pretext , and turned a small balkan war into a world war . 
  those are the * facts * . 
  you mean germany * did n't * invade belgium , luxembourg and france ? 
  that 's seriously your position ? 
  maybe the whole `` invading belgium , luxembourg and france '' thing ? 
  i do n't know for sure , but i think its something along those lines . 
  he is , but not the one you are looking for, 
  it occurs to me that the government should encourage the use of very powerful motorcycles without helmets . 
  the number of younger people killed without pensions or expensive palliative health care would save us a fortune . 
  politicians could even give themselves another 10 % pay rise . 
  see my comment about the government selling our fishing tackle , 
  i didnt say it was cheap !, 
  or very good for that matter ... ... but if you have lived in a country with virtually non existent public transport , you appreciate how nice it is to be able to get virtually anywhere on public transport, 
  there is no dichotomy there, 
  * you are pretty much free to be who or what you want to be . 
  no one cares where you are from or what you look like . 
  there 's a nice balance of national pride without having it shoved down your throat ( stares at scotland ) * decent economy means you can get a job fairly easily . 
  it might not be the best job , but it will be a job * lovely countryside packed with history and heritage * fairly comprehensive public transport system * decent welfare state including free healthcare * people are generally well disposed , helpful , and law abiding . 
  * fantastic collection of art galleries , theatres , and museums . 
  cons * successive governments pandering to short-termism and grey vote . 
  if you teach a man to fish , as the old saying goes , our government has sold our fishing tackle to buy a fish but then spent the money down the bookies instead . 
  * house prices are just silly , driven by an absurd attitude to home ownership , cheap mortgages , a booming population , lack of rights for renters , and low house building . 
  * in an attempt to keep up with the demand for housing , more and more countryside is being built over which is causing a negative impact on the natural environment . 
  * we are not building enough infrastructure to cope with the expanding population . 
  the crisis is only just becoming apparent to the metropolitan elite because their children ca n't get a place in school anymore . 
  however we need to invest hundreds of billions in schools , universities , teachers , reservoirs , power stations , roads , train line , airports and everything else a modern developed country needs to satisfy the demands of its population . 
  overall , i am fearful for the future . 
  sure , i have asked a question over at r/askhistorians to see if we can get an answer !, 
   the environment is more important than the economy . 
  poverty is the worst polluter, 
  is that actually true though ? 
  as i understand it , most of the timber for ship-building came from overseas ( particularly scandinavia and north america ) . 
  i 'd think it far more likely that the forests were cleared for grazing and/or grouse shoots . 
  is that actually true though ? 
  as i understand it , most of the timber for ship-building came from overseas ( particularly scandinavia and north america ) . 
  i 'd think it far more likely that the forests were cleared for grazing and/or grouse shoots . 
  you realise that 's actually a good thing for the uk though ? 
  but it did [ attack ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/raid_on_scarborough,_hartlepool_and_whitby ) the uk . 
  insisting it was n't made to attack rings a bit hollow , when it kind of like , you know , did . 
  maybe holding a knife to someone 's throat is not the best way of avoiding conflict ?
