why we vote on a thursday is beyond me . 
  by autumn we will probably have overtaken france and be in positive figures . 
  yeah , that seems low to me . 
  the article says it 's operational costs excluding what the military would have been spending anyway if undeployed and veteran care . 
  to put it into perspective the total mod budget this year is # 42.9 bn . 
  what the hell are we doing in macedonia ? 
  he does build some strong international bridges though , `` i hope french people will not take it as excessive british chauvinism -- but for me it stands for the recent british triumph in the tour de france , which we have won twice in a row ... it is a symbol of french sporting pride , brought like a chicken to london . 
  we have mounted this french cock at the heart of our imperial square . '', 
  i bet the artist has a permanent smirk on their face . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kaliningrad_oblast just the flag of the region i think . 
  are you boris johnson ? 
  actually there 's no real barrier to building taller buildings in bristol , just no real will to do so . 
  ground conditions are actually better than in cardiff where a new 127m tower 's being built in the bay . 
  i did get to go actually , but live 3 hours away from london . 
  i just thought the mood of the media improved a lot during and after , that combined with the extra bank holiday and some wedding just lead to a lot of positive news stories after a few years of unremitting bleakness . 
  may be something to do with it being just after the pits of the recession , and everything has picked up slowly since then . 
  that and to be honest 12 billion over 5 years on a large capital project is n't ridiculous , considering quite a lot of that should be recovered . 
  see i do n't buy that with the olympics , i think it did change the mood of the country at an important time . 
  not massively actually , the main reason the most recent severn barrage proposal was binned was just because it such an enormous project economically , it was too daunting . 
  smaller tidal barrages or tidal lagoons should have no more environmental impact than a breakwater . 
  technically yes , morally no . 
  right that makes sense , i was wondering why the uk 's overall target is only 15 % . 
  also makes it slightly less daunting that we only need to triple , not quadruple our current efforts ... 
  hmmmmmmmm ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mewyebco6oo, 
  energy consumption data quite often includes petrol and diesel for transportation use , do you know if this is the case with this one ? 
  we 're working on that , first large scale tidal energy could be built by 2020 . http://www.tidallagoonswanseabay.com/proposal-overview-and-vision.aspx also leading on the smaller scale . 
  aww ukip flag ? 
  really ? 
  yep , the options should be to run it as a not-for-profit or as a normal business . 
  yeah that really has to change . 
  i do not , it seems to have gotten more profitable though year on year though . 
  not sure where i got the unprofitable idea from . 
  that 's what he gets for turning the duchy of cornwall into a successful profitable business i guess . 
  alternatively and more importantly , `` drones key part of future of british defence and aerospace industry '' . 
  this is actually going to be really funny . 
  the more right wing british media have a thing against the traffic light food labels as part of a `` nanny state '' thing . 
  they also will pick up and run with the eu interfering in something as silly as this . 
  how they choose to present this should be pretty good . 
  wooooo gas buddies !, 
  that explains that then . 
  i understand how false the referendum is likely to be , and to not participate is a protest against the whole situation , but my instinct would still be to turn up and vote no . 
  even if 1 % of the population turns out and votes yes , russia would still use it . 
  surely it 's better to use all options ? 
  it was heavily involved in the idea originally though , i think blair was in favour of it . 
  woooooo !, 
  i would completely support turkey entering the eu if it met all of the criteria, 
  i 'm extremely fond of climate change measures , i think they 're vital . 
  trouble is in the uk we 've stuffed up our energy infrastructure and are running out of power station capacity , so we really need as much of all types of energy now as fast as possible . 
  also i work in civil engineering and jobs ^ jobs ^ jobs ^ jobs ^ jobs ... 
  i do n't really understand the opposition . 
  minimal impact on landscape , no proven downsides , would be much , much more tightly regulated than in the us . 
  that 's the consequence of dense population and healthy environmentalism . 
  those of us for it need to work on our communication . 
  americans ? 
  except the reading part ... 
  i 'm sure that qi is n't a reliable source , entertaining though . 
  a practical perspective of somebody who has learnt the language . 
  i 'm not expecting people 's individual experiences to sum up the entirety of a linguistic system , i was just interested in people 's thoughts . 
  look like we 're going back to the boring days of before 4 or 5 years ago . 
  not wanting to belittle all of the people who lost things in the floods over christmas ... . . 
  hugging snow , that 's cute . 
  very rarely do we get much of any , so do n't really have many phrases to describe it . 
  it 's something that is quite often repeated but never really backed up , i think it came up on qi once for example . 
  the usual reason given is that english has a far larger number of synonyms for a give meaning than other languages . 
  my favourite example of this is `` cow '' coming from the language of the people who farm it and `` beef '' from the language of the people who eat it . 
  thanks for that , i 'm aware it is probably a nonsense that english has a larger vocabulary , which is why i was looking for a practical perspective . 
  sorry , it 's an in-joke . 
  there was an infamous time where all the trains stopped running after a tiny bit of snow . 
  a railway spokesman was then quoted as sayimg normally it would be fine , but it was the wrong type of snow . 
  a good winter here is hovering about 0 degrees , small amount of the right kind of snow and hardly any rain . 
  clear skies are nice too . 
  our winter has been pathetic . 
  whatever you do , do n't post the question in / r/unitedkingdom, 
  ours require donations and party accounts to be registered with the electoral commission . 
  parties with annual incomes over # 250,000 must also be audited . 
  generally things are fairly transparent , although there have been rows about trade union funding for the labour party and large donations to the conservatives . 
  as for setting up a party , from this document ( http://www.electoralcommission.org.uk/__data/assets/pdf_file/0004/107680/intro-registration-rp.pdf ) i think i could do it in a lunch break for free . 
  to stand as a candidate in an election ( to be an mp ) , i need to put down a # 500 deposit which is returned if i get more than 5 % of the vote . 
  wow , i 'm surprised the eu has n't tried to harmonise this across members . 
  is this just to form a political party generally or to contest national elections ? 
  when i suggested that the telegraph was biased ( like you say all news outlets are in one way or another ) , i should have said subtly vitriolic on the subject . 
  well its proved them wrong in that it has n't collapsed , not exactly doing well though . 
  having said that there are n't too many places in europe where workers are kidnapping management over factory closures ... 
  have you seen the guardian comment section ? 
  mostly seems to be ukip members . 
  france does have problems , buuuuuuuuuttt i do not trust the telegraph to give unbiased coverage of france . 
  would be one less stick to beat it with though , and a lot of troika demands are made in the name of that ratio . 
  i particularly love the independent north . 
  this is why we measure our peak debt prediction as about 80 % , the eu measures it as 100 % . 
  only in really small towns , most of the pubs near me open till midnight , most of the bars and clubs close between 2-7am . 
  politics wise ? 
  toss up between scottish independence , european union membership and energy prices . 
  or is this not the spirit of the post ? 
  suck it denmark !, 
  nothing quite as good as having a free floating currency though ... 
  i do n't think the developers and government have even agreed the electricity price yet , nor show any sign of doing so . 
  ca n't wait to see what frantic energy policies come out when that all falls through . 
  the british ones may not even happen . 
  so how would you sort out these silly little `` colonial '' disputes ? 
  yeah but turkey will never , ever actually make it into the eu .
