honestly , i do n't like buying stuff on gog because it does n't actually go to the devs , but the makers of gog, 
  you do realize that if more people do what he did , it could turn out to be a lawsuit , right ? 
  people get sued for `` assaulting '' someone who robs their home so i do n't see why not . 
  read through that and tell me ea ca n't be sued for false advertising . 
  no one 's homophobic about it , the problem is that it 's really poorly done . 
  at least in me3 , do n't know about da :o, 
  original link, 
  i saw it on their russian site so i presumed it was true, 
  my bad i suppose, 
  but they did lose the ip rights to it . 
   cave johnson , new owner and ceo of black mesa . 
  that 's right , you 've been bought . 
  first order of business , we 're renaming you under the aperture brand . 
  i 'm leaning towards blappeture mesa . 
  marketing boys think something else . 
  so : blappeture it is . 
  next , they tell me you people are conducting some anomalous materials research that could result in a resonance cascade . 
  so i 'm shutting that down before you idiots end the world . 
  a resonance cascade !, 
  you 're supposed to be scientists . 
  use some common sense, 
  companies always use fake names for stuff like this , i hope that 's the case for this as well . 
  the game is already divided in 3 brackets ( low , medium and high ) and you always play your first 10-20 games in low . 
  if you do good , the game upgrades you, 
  that 's the point of the god damn game , it 's a survival horror !, 
  also , in the us it 's 80 $ by ea 's logic , euro = dollar, 
  yeah , but why ? 
  that does n't even make any sense . 
  i want to believe, 
  the international 2 , the dota 2 tournament ? 
  ring any bells ? 
  you should at least check it out , compare the two . 
  the international 2 had a prize pool of $ 1.6 million and valve had none of the issues that riot had . 
  it 's a joke , jesus you guys are uptight, 
  needs a brazzers logo . 
  `` my mother is an english as a second language teacher , i can teach you a lot . 
  add me . 
  i live in the usa and speak fluent , perfect english '' - etl.sthepker, 
  thanks . 
  literally what, 
  why contain it ? 
  i report players who utterly stomp me . 
  never mind , i thought it was a reference . 
  actually , it 's qop . 
  but the principle 's the same . 
  i do n't get the downvotes , he 's actually quite biased . 
  lewd, 
  then who was 4 ? 
  [ you know what must be done . 
  the smoking questions really have no sense when you 're not a smoker . 
  then again , in `` real '' dota they could kill the fountain . 
  i just realized how dumb shadow fiend 's model looks . 
  shit ace, 
  get it together, 
  i 've had a crush on this girl who has some bone problems ( really short , walks weird ) for quite some time now . 
  if i had the courage , i 'd approach her . 
  would do the same if it were any other disability . 
  maybe . 
  to be fair , both sides are pretty retarded . 
  [ here you go ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=comcaqeqyyo ), 
  cheeky, 
  dendi 's face just screams `` please kill me '', 
  the proper term is assfaggot . 
  people lying over the internet ? 
  for an anonymous survey ? 
  please . 
  okay . 
  38 % winrate , that 's punishment enough, 
  edit : my mistake , i only saw the losses with np and assumed he was playing badly or something , i did n't even see the intentional feeding part . 
  if i 'm not wrong , this was added in .79 / .78 , so it 's a fairly new thing . 
  edit : guess i 'm wrong . 
  was n't he the guy who started live casting without actually getting permission from the tournaments in question ? 
  or was that some other guy ? 
  this is part of the reason why i constantly right click while moving , it really helps with it . 
  who are you quoting ? 
  it 's raining . 
  roshpit uses bitcoins . 
  pro players have real salaries . 
  i read in a thread a few days ago that dendi makes ~ 2500 $ which is more than enough, 
  you 're missing the point , even if you make half that it 's enough to live a comfortable life, 
  after playing 80 hours of the game , trust me , you get used to it . 
  verdant coif for windrunner . 
  it might be just a common , but i still think it 's the best head cosmetic for her . 
  anything that comes out of invoker 's mouth , he 's just so fucking smug and condescending . 
  it 's a `` parody '' to [ this . 
  where do you live that lottery costs that much ? 
  have you no shame ? 
  what happens if you change it while doing the spinning thing ? 
  i know several people like this , but once they finally swapped to dota 2 , they did n't look back . 
  you 're pretty cute . 
  it 's so bad , it 's good . 
  i want that pudge hair . 
  considering this guy plays on < 20 , 30 should be more than enough for him . 
  never forget the 2.8 million !, 
  lmao 2 clock, 
  got ta say , that kid looks fucking badass . 
  pretty sure you 're the blinded one here . 
  over used, 
  how is it woosh lol, 
  the guy legitimately thought they did n't get the reference,
