and russia has all rights to claim the crimea and donetsk ! ^ ^ ^ ^ * i went there !, 
  come fight bro , let 's get this on !, 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ * ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ i ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ may ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ not ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ actually ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ mean ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ this . 
  it 's all a hoax , they are clearly preparing for another big war over the elzas . 
  well , not everyone is perfect . 
  please do n't expect anything other than an ` evet ' . 
  i really hope for a ` hayir ' , but i do n't have any false hope . 
  especially that whenever tries to come out for an hayir , he/she gets arrested ... 
  what i would n't do to see this for real ... 
  the analogies between our dearest friend ^ ^ ^ ^ / s adolf and our other dearest friend ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ / s erdogan are becoming more and more apt ... 
  have you ever noticed that if your train is late it has to sometimes wait a moment before it can enter a station ? 
  that 's because our lines are fucking overcrowded as is . 
  i know , it sucks , but if you do n't want that then the trains can only depart every 30 minutes and sometimes only every hour . 
  i rather have the current situation than that . 
  the money not paid in taxes can be used by ns . 
  if ns pays that money in taxes , the government can not give that money back in subsidies because of eu rules . 
  so this way ns has more money to spend to improve the railways or use as a buffer in dire circumstances . 
  as others pointed out already , the money that the ns does n't pay in taxes can be used by ns themselves . 
  the money paid in taxes to our state can not , because the eu has rules against that . 
  so this is better for the rail companies . 
  kiitos for making me laugh . 
  no clue either . 
  man the cannons !, 
  set the sails !, 
  we 're off to the indies to get us some spices !, 
  no we can only vote on companies :( and ever since the days of the voc it 's only been false promisses . 
  only to get on the ballot , but when you 're on it 's fair game . 
  you know why hitler died ? 
  no he just uses explosive bombs instead ... 
  it 's just another stab at the situation . 
  trying to act like he 's better than the others . 
  as a dutch with basic knowledge of german , it 's how i can ` understand ' german . 
  do n't get your hopes up though ... :( i think we saw the final push ( orchestrated or not ) last summer ... 
  good one !, 
  biting is where the fun is at , i am right there with ya buddy . 
  we stand together !, 
  that guy 's name ? 
  albert frikkin ' einstein !, 
  police powers here are very little though ... 
  it 's a problem really since it 's hard for them to use authority over others because a lot of people lack respect . 
  dutch and immigrants alike . 
   / r/europe are vestiges of nazi , fascists ~ edrogan - / u / - thesaurus-rex - sorry bro , too late . 
  if only the turks would rescue us of nazism and fascism :(, 
  thierry baudet is hardly any better . 
  the vvd and pvv are nothing alike save for the two v 's in their name . 
  i upvoted your post when i read your first four words . 
  then i read the rest and realized you were misrepresenting them just as much . 
  sick and tired of multiculturalism , saying there is totally nothing wrong with the religion and muslims in general , refugee crisis , immigrants , welfare and a lot of other stuff are things that they are worried about . 
  it 's not just islam . 
  if there was a pvv light , or at least without wilders and less of a focus on islam , a lot more people would vote for the party . 
  i love how you say that there is no need to become hyperbolic or toxic , but you are kind of doing just that . 
  just because he 's an american ? 
  that 's petty . 
  because he 's an american does n't mean he does n't know anything about europe , for a lot of americans the usa is n't the centre of their world . 
  a lot of americans actually want to know more about the world . 
  not all stereotypes about americans are true and just as we can learn about the usoa they can learn about europe , or are you saying that europeans ca n't say anything about other parts of the world either ? 
  'cause that 's just stupid and silly . 
  am dutch , would n't want to live in turkey . 
  think it would rank pretty high on the list of countries in europe i do n't want to live in . 
  the joke used to be 2 jews fighting over a penny ... 
  okay , sorry about the cherry-picking , but to me it felt like you meant that the netherlands actually partook in all of it . 
  regarding the whataboutism , yeah sure , it 's not that we should n't look at ourselves , but we should n't act like we were the worst . 
  regarding dutch slave trade , whenever it 's brought up it 's like people act as if it was more like 95 % the dutch , and 5 % others . 
  that 's why i brought it up , to compare the actions of others to ours to show that , while still really bad , what the dutch did was still not as bad as most of the others involved . 
   something i agree upon , actually . 
  but i 'd rather the government and society makes a decision , rather than just digging the discussion back up on a yearly basis and ruining children 's holidays . 
  to me it feels like they do , every year , time and time again , when the discussion gets buried and no action gets taken . 
  to me that 's a very clear signal that the overall majority does n't want anything to change . 
   often leaving out the slavery part for convenience sake . 
  that 's because the influence of that on the netherlands becoming a world power is negligible . 
  overall it was n't even a percentage of the dutch economy at the time . 
  a million slaves over 200 years is barely anything . 
  it 's about 5.000 a year . 
  that 's not much . 
  still bad though !, 
   and basically trying to wash our hands in innocence regarding the slavery question . 
  if that 's what you got from it then i should really strife to make myself more clear . 
  what people in the past did was horrible , but at the moment there is n't anything to was away . 
  the mistakes and sins of the past should not be carried by the people of today . 
  they should merely learn from it . 
   it 's a tough debate , that 's for certain . 
  and it 's hard to take responsibility for things that people did over 200 years ago , people that lived in a completely different time , and crimes that no living person today should/could be persecuted on . 
  but the discussion must still be done , and the more people/governments stick their heads in the sand about it , the more toxic it will get . 
  i agree on all your points , that 's why i am having this discussion here . 
  my end-point is only that people should n't feel guilty for the actions of their ancestors . 
   except we can still feel the effect of the dehumanization of non-white people even today . 
  segregation in the us and apartheid in south africa lasted deep into the 20th century . 
  the institution of slavery may have ended but the dehumanization of non-whites still exists today and globally africans are still 2nd class citizens . 
  only most of that does n't really apply to the netherlands ( anymore ) . 
  sure we still have cases of racism , just like really any other country on earth , and we should probably do something about that , but living in the past is n't something we should do . 
  here in the netherlands there are quite a lot of vocal people of african descent that are quite adamant at trying to get rid of traditions because they feel it should n't exist anymore . 
  that does not really help their case because there are a lot of people that never felt that it was about racism but just having fun and now feel attacked , which is understandable . 
  what if the roles were reversed ? 
  in the netherlands , to far and wide the most people , africans are first class citizens just like anyone else here . 
  racist stories you hear on the news and such are things that are newsworthy because of the frequency they happen , not that often . 
  i feel as if hostilities against gays are actually quite a bit worse here in the netherlands . 
   `` it 's all in the past '' is not really a valid argument when its still happening . 
  it might no longer be codified in laws but it is still a social institution . 
  the thing is , here it 's not happening . 
  there is n't any slavery , there is n't any segregation , there is n't any apartheid .
