  nobody is bitching about 200 . 
  people are bitching about the fact that the amount is n't frozen . 
  it 'll get bigger and bigger . 
  exactly !, 
  exactly . 
  yea , but on many borders only random checks are done , so people can actually move as they like . 
  especially with cars , where you can just hide on a backseat . 
  you can easily travel around europe without a passport . 
  just hope that a police officer is n't randomly stopping you in another country . 
  the refugee situation in some areas of sweden . 
  i see things are going well in sweden with them for the last few years . 
  demanding different stuff , increase in crime rate and just sitting around on welfare . 
  good luck with your thought . 
  we already said yes to the wave , which was calculated per country and was ~ 200 for us . 
  now the 200 magically will change to 3200 and it will continue going up . 
  why do you even post ? 
  you seems to have no idea about the topic . 
  i mean , it seems to be so black and white for people like you . 
  oh , let 's take x amount of them and that 's all . 
  do you really think it 'll work ? 
  rest of them waiting and coming in atm will just say `` ok '' and turn back ? 
  keep dreaming . 
  so you would be okay to give a city in your country to foreigners ? 
  when there 's more coming and they ca n't fit there anymore , they 'll take another city and another ... and finally you end up being a minority in your own home . 
  that 's why we got this problem , because of some people thinking like you . 
  let 's take them all ! '', 
  now it 's magically @ 200,000 and there are still millions of them waiting in turkey and back at their homeland . 
  yes , 40k , 100k , 800k , 2kk , 4kk . 
  keep them coming , right . 
  you must be delusional if you think that rest wo n't follow if someone from their family will manage to survive here . 
  you know you have to pay shitloads of money to melt them into society ? 
  and you know it wo n't probably happen , because there 's such a huge amount of them coming and that 's just in their religion . 
  we got good examples of that in sweden and uk . 
  you 're gon na end up with ghettos & cities ran by only them . 
  even estonia has an example of this with narva & russians , where in an estonian city , less than 4 % of people speak estonian . 
  it 's like a minirussia inside of estonia with their own things . 
  you can distribute them as much as you like , but the truth is they will end up in wealthy countries . 
  they even say themself , that they wo n't stay in turkey/hungary/romania because there 's no money , they wish to go to germany . 
  you can send them to let 's say lithuania or hungary or to wherever , but they will end up going back to wealthy countries . 
  you will become a minority in your own country . 
  that 's what 's going to happen longterm . 
  and you think it will stop with that ? 
  was n't it that the whole eu was suppose to end up with 40000 ? 
  then it changed to ~ 100k and now it 's already 160k . 
  i can assure you , this number will get way bigger with every week if nothing is done with the problem . 
  atleast romania is safe from them . 
  if they freely do n't wish to sign the papers , obviously you have to do something to get them do it , right . 
  we could always cuff them , lock them up in a basement and let them sign the papers 1 by 1 . 
  also a little video about them destroying property on greece 's island , just because they have to wait for the ship to get to the mainland , but they ca n't understand that they all ca n't use the ship at the same time , so there 's a line . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?t=76&amp;v=ab6g1mxmex4 the problem with them is that people , who need help and are actually escaping from war , are getting f * cked because of those welfare apes . 
  they do n't care about rules in our society , they want everything and they want it now . 
  yea , because they need to be registered before they can be sent to germany . 
  that 's what germany asked for . 
  but these economic tourists do n't want it , because then there 's a chance that germany would n't allow them in . 
  yet they wish to go to germany , because of merkel 's statements and germany 's welfare system . 
  na , most of them will move to other countries . 
  we have no good welfare system for them . 
  so they 'll just move to sweden/germany/uk , where they can sit around like vegetables . 
  the ironic thing is that real refugees are getting f * cked in the ass by the huge amount of welfare tourists . 
  no , you said those russians here are considered as estonians for you . 
  that was your statement . 
  so ~ 50000 estonians living in finland are also finns for you then . 
  seems to me you 're just a hypocrit when it comes to the current topic . 
  that 's your logic , not mine . 
  as i said , you 're so full of shit even i can smell it here . 
  bye now . 
  so you admit that ~ 50000 estonians in finland are accepted as finnish people by you ? 
  why are you tagging estonians living in finland then ? 
  by your logic they should be finnish people for you . 
  you 're spreading so much random jibberish , that you probably ca n't even understand yourself what 's going on in your head . 
  i mean , you 're so full of shit that even i can smell it . 
  so now it 's about universal education , while it was just about higher education before ? 
  you make yourself look more stupid with every post you make . 
  it 's for other languages . 
  if you study in estonian language , it 's free . 
  stop spreading shit already , because you obviously have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  it 's for other languages . 
  if you study in estonian language , it 's free . 
  stop spreading shit already , because you obviously have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  sorry , i do n't bother going to the university in the other city to show you the billposter . 
  i mean , you 're either stupid or just ignorant . 
  even if it 's shown , you keep banging your head against the wall and keep repeating the same shit , which you were proven wrong about . 
  if we take a look at all of your reddit comments , it 's seems to me you 're a miserable person and hurting inside . 
  go try to troll and seek attention somewhere else , or just go and see a doctor . 
  it says there how finnish agents are coming here to recruit highly educated doctors to finland , because they are missing a huge amount of them . 
  they try to make it work as good and fast as possible , so even if you do n't speak the language , they will even offer you language courses and a person to contact with , to make the life there easier in the beginning . 
  20 % of doctors are going to finland . 
  since life is okay here and income is on a rise , many new doctors do n't wish to leave and now finnish agencies are also starting to recruit doctors from other eu countries . 
  go and read about eu financing new members , how long it lasts , how it works and what will happen after that . 
  it 's quite obvious that you 're here just to troll and seek for an attention . 
  anyway , you 're muted . 
  http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3220885/eu-draws-emergency-plan-relocate-160-000-stranded-refugees-continent-britain-zero.html and you think it 'll end up with only that ? 
  it will keep growing . 
  just as it was with the total amount , where it was 40,000 across europe at first . 
  i see you have no idea how eu works when it comes to money given to countries or vica versa . 
  that quite proves you 're just trying to troll , which ends our conversation here . 
  couple of hundred ? 
  more like thousands and thousands . 
  people here just do n't believe it 's going to end up with couple of hundred . 
  as we now start seeing , they 're right , because the number is around 4000 already .
