lol @ you . 
  ca n't be bothered discussing anything with you . 
  muted . 
  looks like we 've found another kremlin 's troll . 
  you can see from the report which was signed by both countries ' borderpatrols after the incident happened , that he was taken from est. 
  they 've done it many times . 
  especially putin 's russia . 
  even with us . 
  it was probably just an `` alpha male '' play by russia . 
  kohver was taken only few days after obama visited estonia . 
  now since he 's going to un , he `` trades '' kohver back . 
  maybe russia did n't even care about dressen . 
  putin just found him to be the most valuable person to trade for and would n't want to give kohver back for nothing , since he wants to show to un , that he ai n't that bad . 
  probably wants something from us . 
  got ta wait and see . 
  putin is a person who likes to do strange alpha plays , just to show `` he can '' . 
  he was on our side , not russia 's . 
  #party hard, 
  lmao, 
  hahaha , this is so damn good !, 
  make up your mind already , germany . 
  even dalai lama gets it . 
  will we now see people calling lama racistic and xenophobic ? 
  this is good , lol . 
  well that 's another thing , yet this was n't bullshit crazy before merkel opened her mouth and now tries to approach the problem by blackmail , which ai n't going to work . 
  instead of fixing the problem , it seems that they 're just trying to prolonge it . 
  i wonder if they actually think that refugees & economic migrants will stay in countries which have no good welfare system , germany must be delusional . 
  i would also like to see how germany starts splitting them : `` you go there , you 'll stay here , your friend goes to 3rd country . '', 
  riots will follow , i can assure you . 
  nobody will care until there 's a proper solution for the problem , otherwise we 'll have this clownfiesta going on for years here . 
  shit went huge after merkel said everyone who ends up in germany wo n't be sent back . 
  now you can see them coming for years in massive amounts , germany in sight and nothing else matters . 
  do n't care . 
  germany fcked up and now tries to blackmail others . 
  everything was `` ok '' until merkel thought it would be good idea to host a party in germany . 
  now there are too many guests coming and she 's in a hole . 
  so get your shit together , germany . 
  so what happened now ? 
  did n't they say they 'll take all of them ? 
  stupidity in there amazes me . 
  they know there are refugees and they probably also know that there 's huge amount of economical migrants . 
  they would just pay for someone else to clear this mess and work out which is which . 
  people kept saying it ages ago , that it wo n't stop on this level and just keeps rising more and more until the problem is fixed . 
  most of them are probably stupid and will f * ck up sooner or later . 
  so they 'll send some extra . 
  i would like to see it in live . 
  `` you 're going to poland . 
  your friend is going to spain . 
  your other friend is staying here . '', 
  i can assure there will be riots soon in germany . 
  refugees need social help and most probably need medical attention too . 
  especially when it 's a totally different culture & life , like it is in finland compared to their previous home . 
  it 's not about homeless people too , there are families who live in poverty . 
  international topics bring way more attention , that 's why politicans are promising all that sh * t. 
  because you can score more points by taking in refugees . 
  more media coverage . 
  that 's actually sad . 
  keep dreaming of a society where you take millions of people from totally different religion and culture and live a happy life . 
  yet you only see your country going down . 
  countries with refugee issues before this current problem already saw what will happen . 
  you obviously have n't had any experience with it before , that 's why you 're so delusional . 
  nobody wants to jump into the water blindfolded . 
  eu has 0 idea how to continue and just goes : `` oh , let 's keep taking them all . 
  spread them out and see what happens . '', 
  and we have n't asked for any financial help from eu . 
  we are taking as much people as we can , same with other baltic countries . 
  we 've been only free for ~ 25 years and you think we can manage the same amounts as countries who have been free for hundreds of years and are way richer than us ? 
  by un statistics , we 're 11th place in the world , when it comes having refugees in our country . 
  you 're obviously the type of guy who thinks equality = equity . 
  you can really fuck off with your statements , which are blown out your ass . 
  there 's no point to even have a conversation with you , because you only seem to see the small picture and ca n't even grasp the wider look . 
  we accepted the amount which was calculated per capita and we do n't want any more of them . 
  merkel created this huge crap by saying germany will take all , so start fixing it . 
  now they even asked hungary not to send them into germany with sucha huge amounts . 
  obviously germany did n't think that there will be so many of them coming . 
  sending tons of them to eastern europe wo n't fix anything , because none of them wishes to sit here . 
  they 'll just cause more problems and move up to norway/sweden/finland or back to germany . 
  even ones who are here atm wish to go to wealthier countries , because they know estonia is not rich enough for huge welfare , so they ca n't just sit here and live a wonderful life . 
  there are way too big cultural and religious differences , so it would be epicly hard for them here , especially because we also have around 25 % of russians . 
  plus the fact that they will send random ones . 
  no , it 's because of eu messing up . 
  not keeping borders under control . 
  it 's because merkel invited them to germany . 
  now you can see the results . 
  one this is taking real refugees , other thing is taking economic tourists . 
  it 's because most of them know the amount wo n't stay this low . 
  so they do n't want any of them here , because they 'll know eu keeps forcing to take more and more . 
  we already have 30 % of foreigns . 
  most of them were brought here from russia during su and we could n't do anything about it . 
  ne estonia is basically a minirussia and our 3rd biggest town has less than 4 % of estonians . 
  that 's why people here do n't want a huge amount of foreigns . 
  there will be huge group conflicts and there 's nothing you can do about it . 
  it 's just starting to settle down with local russians . 
  what ? 
  read , please . 
  nobody asks you take more than you want or can handle , that 's your problem . 
  we 're not afraid that it 's going to be 4000 . 
  we know it 'll be rising even more , because eu ca n't handle the sh * t it created . 
  also huge amount of people here are living from payday to payday , huge amount of them do n't even have money until the next payday . 
  so it 's hypocritical to take thousands of strangers here , who need support , while our own people is suffering in poverty .
