the peugeot 607 was found early on sunday on the quai de montebello , just metres from the cathedral which attracts millions of tourists every year . 
  is this article wrong ? 
  or am i misunderstanding something . 
  was the plan to detonate a car full of propane in front of a cathedral ? 
  that failed , thank god , but i can not imagine this is an efficient technique . 
  and then the subsequent stabbing when the women involved were cornered by the police . 
  it looks as if there are plenty of radicalized people in france atm , but it also looks like their material capabilities are minimum . 
  knives and propane tanks are very much less than bombs and kalashnikovs . 
  you know , things were going so well until you caught on . 
  [ i guess you know what time it is . 
  ] ( http://www.renegadetribune.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/11/jews-shut-it-down.png ), 
  my paycheck stipulates that i receive payment `` for services rendered promoting zionist tricks in / r/europe '' , so until thats amended to include / r/worldnews along with a raise , i will not do an ounce more of work than i have to . 
  why would i donate to breitbart ? 
  they 're not a publicly funded institution who ask for donations , nor do they purport to be objective , like npr . 
  i have family in israel who will attest to this on a national level . 
  ( 6 day war , yom kippur war 5 vs 1 etc. 
  cancelled our subscription this year , along with ending my donation membership for npr ( our supposedly objective public radio ) . 
  i have no idea what is happening to my country 's journalists , but its absurd , and people are very obviously starting to take notice . 
  or maybe it 's the `` hey its a foreigner '' aspect for both you in the states , and me across the atlantic . 
  or maybe , and this is probably the correct answer , people here in the states recognize me for the jerk i am , and in other countries mistake those qualities for some kind of american charm . 
  why are you sleeping out in the open ? 
  were you waiting for a ferry to arrive ? 
  or is this a european custom i 'm unaware of . 
  going to people 's houses you just met at a bar for a night cap ( not sex ) was something i did in france , the netherlands , and israel , but never in my home nyc . 
  i have been surprised by the things you guys and gals do across the pond . 
  can someone tell me if the emergency services are coordinated with other eu nations ? 
  for instance , if italian services are overwhelmed , will german or french emergency services be activated and sent to italy automatically under direction of the eu ? 
  gosh , i hope for the best there in italy . 
  well , i was talking about the riot that happened in san jose this year , so it 's good to hear that you feel that way about la. 
  hopefully it was just a small group who acted like that , and it does n't reflect the whole . 
  our situations * are * comparable , imo . 
  nationalism and the right are both gaining power in the west . 
  the us , france , austria , the uk ( brexit ) , and i think soon in germany . 
  it 's about the perception the german people have . 
  when they see a video of young , first or second generation immigrants voicing their literal * disgust * of the people they live with and the country they live in , i have to imagine it gives them the same feeling that i felt seeing people wave the mexican flag and burn the american one . 
   race war uch . 
  * everything * always has to be about race with my countrymen . 
  but i guess what should i expect when the media and left have balkanized the american demographic to the degree that they have . 
  this is n't about race or racism . 
  this is about nationalism , and the people who take advantage of the benefits of living here ( or in germany ) who then burn our flag , and raise the flag of a failed state instead . 
  i know people like this exist in the us . 
  people from different countries who stay here , and benefit from being here , who simultaneously hate the people of this country . 
  i saw people waving mexican flags , while burning american flags this year . 
  i saw these people attack american men and women this year . 
  there will be a boiling point here , and i think for europe also . 
  i truly think we 're walking a knifes edge . 
  all of the west . 
  lol and you 're a corbynista , are n't you ? 
  it appears that the french government feels it has a right to protect her culture , so i guess we 'll see how that progresses . 
  i really doubt after nice , and the bataclan , and charlie hebdo , and the guaranteed future terrorism in france that there will be any real opposition to these decisions . 
  it does not matter how much hand wringing you do , or how many different names you call people , the facts on the ground are what they are . 
  always with the name calling , although technically we 're all bigots about something or another if you look at the definition . 
  i do n't mind being called a bigot . 
  ive been around women who escaped iran while i was in college , and had conversations about how there was social , religious , governmental , and familial pressure to `` be modest '' . 
  the end result of that line of thinking , in their minds , was that they were treated as objects to covet , and lost any sense of identity . 
  and that 's talking about the hijab , not even the most oppressive piece of clothing forced upon muslim women . 
  i 'm sure there are muslim women who want to wear that ridiculous article of beachwear , and i am sure there are muslim women who do n't . 
  both are being pressured to do so by an archaic , and oft time violent ideology . 
  none of this is my problem . 
  i 'm not french , nor muslim . 
  the bottom line is , the nyt should shut their fucking mouths about it because it 's not their problem either . 
  this is france 's battle , and it 's her culture she wants to protect , and her fight to have with the people she imported . 
  thank yellow left wing journalism and prominent left wing sanctimony for that , not americans . 
  half of us are disgusted by it . 
  no , left wing american publications understand that , but would rather take agency away from anyone they consider `` below '' them , and place the fault at the feet of anyone they consider in power in order to flagellate themselves for being a part of the powerful class . 
  obnoxious sanctimony mixed in with the bigotry of low expectations . 
  i hate it . 
  i was in a situation similar ( maybe , i dont know your particulars ) when i was just out of university . 
  lack of entry level positions , family issues where i was made to feel like everything going wrong was my responsibility to fix , and the two together made me feel shameful , even though most everything was out of my control . 
  depression is a hole that , when youre in it , feels unique and singular , where you are the only one suffering . 
  remember , youre not alone . 
  and , finally , it will get better . 
  everything gets better over time . 
  just hang in there . 
  and then , when he 's in jail , he will radicalize those around him , which has already been a problem in the uk jails . 
  no , i agree with you . 
  but people within a group being criticized often times do not make that distinction . 
  people who believe there should be blasphemy laws will call criticism of their religion `` hate speech . '', 
  it 's just too subjective a definition . 
  criticism of an ideology can be seen as hate speech by those who follow that ideology . 
  same goes for religious beliefs . 
  jeez , what a nightmare . 
  what can a western country even do against a threat such as islamic radicalization and subsequent terrorism ? 
  closing your borders is not really going to help at this point . 
  you just have to hope for a solution to come from within the muslim community , because the state can not do too much else . 
  i mean , obama went to the uk to subtly threaten their population into voting remain . 
  actually , it was n't even subtle . 
  there is corruption in our government that needs to be rooted out . 
  i 'm not sure what any of those tweets have anything to do with this conversation . 
  those are some dumb ass statements , for sure , and i do n't support either at all . 
  but the murder stats ? 
  https://ucr.fbi.gov/crime-in-the-u.s/2013/crime-in-the-u.s.-2013/offenses-known-to-law-enforcement/expanded-homicide/expanded_homicide_data_table_6_murder_race_and_sex_of_vicitm_by_race_and_sex_of_offender_2013.xls i mean , the overwhelming majority of black victims of homicide are in fact committed by other black people . 
  it helps no one to call these stats racist , especially not the black community . 
  but to the point , it really does n't help you in our disagreement . 
  and yet , i do go on there every day , and i do not see racism . 
  i see plenty of bigotry , but i see plenty of bigotry everywhere on reddit , whether it 's against muslims , or conservatives , christians , or jews , left or right etc. 
  everyone unfairly categorizes `` the other '' , as you are doing now , with me . 
  i see plenty of vitriol , and generalization as well , but are you really in a position to criticize us for that ? 
  youre generalizing an entire group , tens of millions of americans as a matter of fact , and saying we 're comparable to the kkk . 
  you do not seem to have any self awareness here .
