you 're right , they hold their democracies for ransom . 
  see the recent jp morgan report . 
   sub prime crisis i 'm pretty sure that was underrated too , it 's the lazy southerners fault . 
  well , the eurozone is a bit unstable right now ... and since there 's no mutual debt , fiscal policy or any other macro economic policies , it 's really nearing implosion . 
  sweden is not in the eu . 
  it would if anyone in europe had a vision longer than the next 6 months and started building a real way out of the crises . 
  in this case , it does n't , the opposition leader would keep following the same failed model , but the fa\u00e7ade of it having any positive effect would drop while the markets were unsure of the effect in the eu . 
  the troika targets were never feasable , as they never were anywhere . 
  and i asked which ones are the real nuts . 
  insanity is repeating the same thing over and over and expecting different results . 
  i 've talked to him , he would like to severely cut social services at privatize everything , have firing at will and no minimum wage . 
  with 8 % deficit , they would keep raise taxes or fees as they kept failing to meet expectations . 
  because supplies cost the same , regardless of your economy , so it 's always going to be a higher percentage in a bad economy . 
  it also has a lot more to due with corruption and energy costs than anything else . 
   why does it mean that ? 
  because there 's nowhere to cut and have the services be anywhere near as good , and privatizations will mean noone will be able to afford it , and it wo n't get any better decades form now when loans are paid and taxes get lower because poor people never afford it anywhere . 
   the president is a puppet , and former pide wut ? 
  the man 's a corrupt idiot , but that 's it . 
   industry gutted ? 
  [ 1 ] is 24 % too low for you ? 
   agriculture ? 
  [ 2 ] that shit 's not even 2 % !, 
  of course it 's too low , if you want an economy you have to produce something . 
   are you really this stupid ? 
  no , you just ca n't do math and figure out why so many companies are going bankrupt . 
   how 's getting in more debt than we 're ever going to be able to pay working for every country including ours before there was a need to stop spending ? 
  this government doubled it in two years , so i do n't see you providing an answer either . 
  debt is money that does n't exist and is and always will be treated as such , running around like a panicked chicken is what makes the interest high . 
   ahahahaha , oh , wow , what a joke , you do work for the public sector after all xdddd yeah , it 's not like privatization of essential services has never worked out more expensive or anything . 
  i only say this because it 's what the goverment he supports told the unemployed youth . 
  sucks to be on end of that , huh . 
   that tends to happen when your public expenditures amount for 50 % of the gdp . 
  ok , so why do n't you follow through and admit that means regressing in health , education , electricity and sanitation ( for a start ) access back 40 years and with much higher unemployment ? 
  i mean , that i might believe is the only way out , but you 're not going to convince anyone that money is going to magically appear in people 's wallets to buy essential services and in business to invest and that we will be back to business as usual . 
  and who the hell gutted industry and agriculture when we joined the eu ? 
  and how exactly are you planning on jobs appearing by removing money from the economy ? 
  how 's that working for large swaths of britain ? 
  wait , it is n't , at all . 
  how did that work everywhere else ? 
  oh , right , it did n't either . 
  i like paying my taxes to have cheaper services , thank you very much . 
   hence why we 're pulling a greece . 
  thanks to austerity , yes . 
   public sector worker detected . 
  so electricity has n't drastically increased in cost , then ? 
  does n't the state pay more to the gps group than to public schools ? 
   if by stable you mean it was highly unstable even though it hid the symptoms of instability by censoring all opposition ? 
  that 's not stability at all . 
  unlike this government , except instead of censoring is controlling the opinion of the media because they all benefit from big business . 
   that tends to happen when your public expenditures amount for 50 % of the gdp . 
  public services are cheaper , so that does n't make any sense . 
  maybe . 
  i 'll believe his words that he quit because he was tired of following unworkable policies . 
   higher interest rates for the government bonds and more restrictions in the credit for the private sector unlike now , obviously . 
   it 's more difficulties in liberalising the economy and overall more hassle in ~ ~ reforming ~ ~ destroying the state i can only hope , it 's the only way to stop increasing public rents . 
   and in keeping things stable the estado novo was certainly stable , i fail too see how stability is an indicator on anything . 
   so that we can prosper after all the mess we 've got ourselves into . 
  with  8 % deficit , lower wages , over 20 % unemployment and lower access to health , education , transportation , water and electricity , i ca n't wait !, 
  of course ps will be re-elected . 
  and if they fuck it up they 'll fall . 
  it 's called a democracy , although a bit limited . 
  as for `` left-extremists that are somewhat nuts '' , i fail to see how right-wing economic extremists who believe in austerity ( and privatizing everything to their buddies ) can possible be better . 
  stop being a whiner , emigrate . 
  stop being a whiner , leave . 
  they 're not fucking well payed , and the services are much more expensive everywhere else where they have a different model . 
  so was the portuguese , banks have ruled the country for decades . 
  expected for 2013 :  130 % debt ,  8 % deficit ,  20 % unemployment , 4.7 m $ of expected cuts in services that have no possible fat . 
  it does n't fucking matter , really . 
  the debt is unpayable , going on the market is a farce ( it 's the ceb that goes on the market ) , europe has intention of fixing anything and whoever gets elected will do the same thing because we do n't have politicians who can see more than 6 months in the future . 
  no , portas did n't agree with the nomination because it would mean the continuation of failed and retarded policies . 
  fucking finally . 
  not that much will change , the opposition idiot might want to start to solve the crises but he wo n't have the will to actually do anything . 
  at least democracy can keep existing , this government was lying too much , nominating idiots everywhere , privatizing ( or nearing to ) everything to give rents to their friends , ignoring the constitution , using agents provocateurs , having police on a ticketing spree to justify their own paychecks , destroying public education ... 
  so much for being a poster child for austerity being a good idea . 
  it 's so predictable and stupid , but since europe did n't learn anything , we 'll keep on our way to being greece , it 's just the fassade that will drop . 
  i agree with where you 're coming from , but no-one in europe forgot about the holocaust , certainly not the germans . 
  otherwise , you would n't see so much arguing about privacy and no one would care about what google does this week . 
   american vassals turn out better , for the most part , than british or french or ( god forbid ) belgian or russian ones . 
  the citizens of panama , chile , nicaragua , iraq , saudi arabia , pre-castro cuba , pre-khomeni iran , and many others , would certainly disagree . 
  of course not . 
  cheney 's company also needed the money . 
   his outstanding achievements . 
  that many deaths and torture of innocents is really a great achievement for the leader of a democratic nation . 
  i 'm not so sure why anyone has pride in it , though . 
  i do n't particularly like obama , he 's to much of an authoritarian conservative , but :  the unemployment is still record-high for record-long , economy is sluggish after a monumental financial crises , the us has not gone on full panic mode and are doing pretty well . 
  5 years for a recovery of something that could have been a great depression is not a lot of time . 
   health-care costs are bout to significantly increase ( especially for young healthy males ) we 'll see , i believe the legislation has teeth . 
  it will massively decrease global costs since preventive medicine is much cheaper , and it should decimate bankruptcy due to illness . 
  it is n't better because the republicans did n't want a single payer system . 
   cultural war he wages on conservatives will be felt for too long bullshit . 
  republicans ( they 're not conservatives in the least , btw ) are the ones that demonize satan kenyan osama and believe they have a mandate not to negotiate on any piece of legislation . 
   then there is cronyism of solyndra what of it ? 
  it 's how campaign contributions work in the us , you think the gop is different ? 
  as for the failure of solyndra , sometimes you bet on the wrong horse , but it absolutely is a necessary technology for the near future . 
   detoriation of economic liberties sigh . 
   war on coal , war on other affordable sources of energy . 
  coal is only affordable because you do n't directly pay the costs of pollution and global warming . 
  oil is only affordable because you 're not counting the costs of the military industry and the armament of puppet rulers . 
  and they 're both still very much subsidized in the us . 
  have you followed european politics since 2008 ?
