  reddit and slashdot , at least , have quite a few comments about plumbers and builders who are very educated and very talented at what they do . 
  sure , most of it is just hard physical work , but you do n't just put bricks on top of each other and call it a house . 
  also , there 's not lack of stupidity and idiocy in white collar workers either , even in all mighty wall street . 
  huh , did not know that . 
  got any figures ? 
  i 'm mildly interested . 
  when thousands of people are having trouble buying them , it adds up pretty fast . 
  well , i wish i lived where you live . 
  that would n't quite work ... 
  but seriously , people use them every day to buy bread , at least . 
  only when the eu stops turning it 's countries into third world shitholes . 
  until then , we use them almost every day , thank you very much . 
  that would kind of be the other way around ... 
  sure it stopped improving . 
  the dark ages , the industrial revolution , the 1929 crisis , ww2 . 
  it did , however , get better after a while . 
  i did n't say that we wo n't get through whatever comes next , barring some cataclysmic event , but that does n't mean the interim ca n't be a few decades long , or even longer . 
  i 'm selfish , i 'm more worried for the particular period of mankind where i 'll be alive . 
  when everyone with power and their followers/believers is pushing for a catastrophic crash of the 99 % not having more than the bare minimum , i 'd say it 's extremely likely . 
  when southern europe is forced to turn into a foreign-controlled african-like nations ( socially and economically ) , the whole of europe will suffer . 
  that is the populist dictator wanna-be 's wet dream . 
   apart from the usually pro-free-market/quasilibertarian economics ideology really , people should call them out on that more . 
  what they usually propose has nothing whatsoever to do with a free market , but in taking monopolies out of the state and giving them to private companies while removing all responsibility and accountability . 
  or only provide care they deem christian . 
  yeah , the old just have the later . 
  honestely , i can only get up in the morning due to cognitive dissonance . 
  i know the world is going to hell really , really fast , but i do n't see it now , so maybe ... of course , every time i try to think about the future i see no possible scenario without massive poverty , famine and violence . 
  fun times . 
  unless something drastically changes , i 'll be surprised if the eu survives 2014 . 
  either way , europe will change a lot in a short amount of time that is very dependent on the people in important places , so there 's no way i can predict much . 
  well , they do charge for everything in taxes , but it 's spent on dreadful contracts with private companies . 
  this is fucking idiotic . 
  we 're already paying well above our increased health costs , so could you kindly go fuck yourselves ? 
  no disrespect . 
  no , it 's just terrible for your digestive system , and let 's not even talk about gluten , at least it 's modern variant . 
  but it does n't kill you , no . 
  carbs do , though . 
  well , i did n't know how to phrase it , i meant the prominent german-backed theory of killing every social net and decreasing wages in order to pay something which is unpayable because doing those things obliterates the economy . 
  see , that 's a bit long , no ? 
  yeah , it 's hard for people to consider themselves european when every little thing that is unpopular is blamed on europe , even if it was their government pushing . 
  that lack of vision might have killed the eu . 
  i have no problem in being run by a german , as long as it 's a sane one that actually has a plan and a vision , at least besides destroying the middle class and ensuring their way in treaties as a way to ignore constitutions . 
   as a person raised by people who lived in a repressive communist regime , i 'll have to remind you that you have a right to vote and the right to criticise your government without any fear of reprisals . 
  so was i , despite them not talking much about it . 
  in fact , everyone dismisses it like bygone days , or worse , like something that was n't that bad . 
  it 's been too long and influential people moved too quickly after the revolution to ensure a continuation of influence , which kept them ever more powerful . 
  in fact , no one ever cared to dismiss the longing feeling for a dictatorship that many still harbor because of false images of the time . 
  it 's not that i dismiss the value of voting , it 's just that i find it very inconsequential . 
  people vote against their interests all the time , due to propaganda and media manipulation . 
  for the few countries that i pay attention to , everyone 's splitting their votes between two parties that are mostly the same 1 % - friendly corrupt politicians , they just prefer different asses to kiss , if that , with 0 accountability because if they lose one election , they 'll soon be elected for filling the media with accusations of things they themselves did a mandate ago . 
  i 'm cynic as hell because i 've seen the world get worse from the moment i started voting , which was admittedly late . 
  i 'm tired of the speech that we should only vote for responsible parties , when the only thing they 're responsible for is wasting taxpayers money of huge detrimental contracts that will have to be paid with the money that should go to health , pensions and education . 
  people have stopped going to the public hospital because the fees are too high , they report aggressions as accidents so the hospital fees are n't held up pending an investigation , a few kids are passing out in school because they do n't eat , and german citizens still think this wo n't realize that this will be applied to them after it has been applied to everyone else . 
   no individual state benefits from the plight of the other , in spite of what your average marxist/anarchist publications may tell you . 
  a poor neighbouring state is a poor market , and a poor market = poor trading opportunities . 
  yeah , i do n't think german economic theory cares about that . 
  it will get it by force of reality , whether we 'll all have to deal with four destroyed economies or just one is a debate that is ever tending to the former . 
  this theory that no one knew how the economies of southern countries work speaks highly of either gross incompetence or a huge amount of bovine fecal matter . 
  we 'll see how germany deals with heavy immigration . 
   that 's because people shit their pants when they hear that evilest of all evil words : federalisation . 
  hopefully that 'll change . 
  the eu is still very , very young . 
  40 years is not young , and it 's no excuse for a bureaucratic mess that wants to be everything to everyone . 
  i 'd much rather there was a core eu that acted like a single nation , i fear now may be to late for that to work without a nearly complete reset . 
   and we elect them , so we too are to blame for their shortcomings , imho . 
  it 's just easier to see ourselves as victims than as enablers . 
  true , but there 's only so much you can do with limited democratic options . 
  there 's also the huge problem of ignorance , misinformation and outright lies that no one has any solution to . 
  putting a cross every four years on who lies better is just a less horrifying way of running a country then others . 
   but ca n't you see ? 
  it already did !, 
  yes , it 's far from perfect , but compared to the 90s it 's heaven . 
  yes it is , so is portugal and greece for the next couple of years . 
  after that ... just better would be kind of hard not to get , i think . 
   the european members of parliment are elected . 
  and each country has it 's own voice heard , and in many issues also a right to veto . 
  the parliament does n't have much power , or teeth . 
  it 's big news when they stuck up to the other power centers . 
  as for veto for member states ... that 's for their own self-interests , not for the electorate , typically . 
   higher representation = higher taxes on the people . 
  whether a small government is desirable or not is another issue of debate , but there 's no way you can seriously say it 's a precursor to autocracy . 
  in fact , all autocracies are supported by a massive government . 
  either way , it 's another issue of debate seriously ? 
  it 's monetarily peanuts compared to , say , the damage from kickbacks . 
  now , you may not be aware , but this is coming from the kinds of people who cut one of the yearly wages ( we got payed in 14 installments , not 12 ) and did n't cut their own , while also renovating their fleet of cars and whatnot and some of them still receive subsidies for living away from their * declared * home some 20km away , at best . 
  waste is not their concern . 
  for the record , i think the size of government is just fine here , but not necessarily in the right things . 
  i find it appalling that anyone still has doubts that public education and health is both cheaper and better for everyone but the rich . 
  but , anyway ... 
  i did n't say eu is turning into a totalitarian regime , but that it 's not exactly preventing their resurgence , if not actively promoting some of the same tactics using the argument that democracies do n't work in crises . 
  it has nothing to do with hitler , but she 's unelected to rule europe , and so is goldman sachs . 
  many countries seem to be passing reforms to lower representation , in portugal a lower number of mps is an idea that 's been making the rounds , along with a huge round of gerrymandering . 
  in hungary , one party has made sure that if they lose the election , they 'll still be in power anyway by controlling the people in various new positions of power . 
  in italy and greece , you either with the majority or your irrelevant . 
  in brussels , well , that never more than barely kept up appearances that the persons people actually vote in had much power , not too mention the fact that the elections themselves were never promoted as serious and just as a national way of voting against someone else . 
  and now they want to enshrine the neo-liberal pov as the only type of policies that member-states can have . 
  of course , it would n't be so worrisome without having the police having more and more carte blanche to violate people 's rights and monitor , beat up , charge and accuse of ridiculous violations , while also using tactics such as having infiltrated provocateurs . 
  it 's not an accident that they 're associating with right wing extremists . 
  so , no , romania is n't magically going to get better because it 's in the eu , just like the eu is n't doing much to avoid the return of fascist and nationalistic ideologies . 
  imho , hand .
