   anyone could be a manager or a business owner if the state did n't have to make things so difficult with all the bureaucracy and taxes and regulation and laws and waiting periods anyone can be a manager in an hour , and there 's no lack of small business here . 
  what happens is lack of oversight over the public offices and most of the money ends up being funneled to things we do n't need or are too expensive , but is both a big and small government problem . 
  banks certainly do n't help . 
   the fees you must pay to fire someone are massive and it 's no wonder our unemployment is so high now given that there 's such a restriction to employment . 
  if they do n't work you ** can ** fire them for free . 
  i fail to see how being able to fire people who do good work for whatever you want is an issue . 
   people that do end up unemployed will also have a much easier time creating their own employment as opposed to sitting around waiting for someone to employ them . 
  oh , yes , with the huge salaries managers like to pay , i 'm sure all they lack is a push . 
  and we all know everyone is cut out to be a business owner , why should we even have employees in this country , especially ones who can have a comfortable life ? 
  that 's terrible !, 
  there 's tons of startups , connected to universities or not , and most of the business in portugal are very small , so i do n't get what problem you 're trying to correct . 
   in the us or the uk people can fire you almost on the spot that is state dependent , some are not like that at all . 
  that creates terrible work conditions , anyway . 
  i 've heard they offer other ways for people to get on their feet that we do n't , but i admit i have n't researched it . 
  however ...  as long as they work well as if that 's the case , it 's already in the best interest of the business that that worker is well taken care off right , like outsourcing to india is n't a huge thing in your role models , which is quickly increasing their unemployment rates . 
  and it 's common to fire people who want a vacation , or people who want to go to a funeral . 
  it 's not even unheard of to fire sick or pregnant people here , let alone in the us , regardless of how well they worked before . 
  there 's very little incentive to keep someone who is n't going to be productive for a while if you have to keep pulling your numbers up to have you yearly bonus , especially since you 'll be long gone using your `` skills '' elsewhere when the shit hits the fan . 
  that 's a common ceo path . 
   if you 're productive , you have nothing to fear , you 'll only benefit from this . 
  if you 're not productive , then i 'd worry because you can get fired and that 's how it should be that 's not how people work , period . 
  and people have sickness , depression family problems and all kinds of issues all the time that are only going to be amplified by further stress . 
   what about the employer which might have to close the plant in 6 months time because there 's 5 workers not doing their job properly and he ca n't fire them and now there 's more people slacking off if they could n't before , they can certainly be easily fired for a few years now , so i do n't get what you 're complaining about . 
  regardless , what you can always do is declare bankruptcy and then restructure however you want , with no issue from the courts . 
   not because of austerity but because of the taxes which have n't been cut like the rest of the public spending . 
  that is austerity . 
  and more will continue to leave if taxes ever lower because you 'll be fucked if something bad ever happens to you . 
   now there 's a good idea , instead of increasing taxes , cutting spending in those subsidies . 
  really , subsidies in the film industry ? 
  how has that waste not been cut already ? 
  because culture , like transportation , health , education , social security , police , army , fireman and so on have a value of their own which ca n't be measured by rois . 
  as an example in the corporate world , no one can put a real roi on their investment in social media , but every company knows it must do something . 
   pander to the rich ? 
  how does that even work ? 
  i have no idea . 
  people like you believe managers , economists , bank owners and so on are enlightened demigods who are well above the common pleb and should not follow the same rules and ideals , not unlike feudalistic systems , maybe because they feel that if they work hard enough , they 'll belong there . 
  it 'll take a few more centuries for people to see each other as equals and see honest work as a very valuable thing . 
   there 's massive fees in order to fire someone and there 's also all the paperwork required and after some years it 's basically impossible to fire people the oecd debunked that it was hard to fire in this country years ago , but oh well ... you offer no solution either , you just say we should replace older workers * who will not find another job * with younger ones who have less responsibilities and no families to take care of and thus can work very long hours for little pay , completely bypassing the fact that this will massively lower wages and work conditions while also lowering the birth rate . 
  if i knew you irl i 'd bet real money that that is going to inevitably happen in the short term , because it 's basically the whole imf modus operandi ( except the birth rate , that 's just reality ) . 
  there 's to ways to deal with employment without creating scores of unemployable people , either you give protection to their jobs as long as they work well , or you support them and create opportunities for when then get laid off . 
  the imf supports simply not caring about them regardless of how productive they could still be . 
  i have no idea how that 's remotely comparable to the us and the uk . 
   how so ? 
  i 'm still young so i have to be productive , but imagine i was 35 , how will security make me more productive ? 
  how will fearing for your paycheck every day or fearing getting sick help you to be creative and open minded ? 
  studies show it makes you a worse employer because you 're much less focused on what you 're doing and more stressed , and instead thinking whether you 're going to please the boss or not . 
  it works somewhat better for repetitive jobs like factory workers , i guess . 
  and i do n't mean i want people to be unfirable , in case that is n't obvious . 
   i do n't have to be productive because the labour laws protect me at the expense of more qualified workers . 
  yeah , everyone i know wants to be a drag on society ... you should change friends if that 's your experience . 
  you can point out many ways in which * some * state employees had somewhat exaggerated rights * ten years ago * , but that never stopped private companies from finding ways of firing at will . 
  seriously , just restructure the company and end the necessity of their post , or close the company and open another one down the street while transferring assets . 
  while you can also find many other people who live of entitlements with no intention of ever working a day in their lives , there 's also people who really have extremely debilitating diseases or are unemployed for so long that they are completely unemployable , but i find that no reason for them to have to choose whether to live a life of begging or to die of hunger because , honestly , the opportunists still amounts to peanuts compared to a bpn or a few worthless dams . 
   china is n't competitive , china works on slave labour . 
  you say that , and yet all neo-liberals promote is getting us closer and closer to their work conditions , with no point where we should stop . 
  huge dissonance there . 
  possible mandatory overtime with little pay , lots of possible reasons for firing , barely livable paychecks , minimal and expensive healthcare ( at least 5 % of a minimum wage to have a pap smear , ffs ) , overcrowded schools with overworked teachers , expensive options to address legal issues , puny pensions , minimal public transportation ... 
  seriously , it 's about what society you want to live in , one where you can be content with what you have , or one where only those who have the strength and will to do anything to ascend can fit in . 
   if you do n't allow your workers to go home and place nets to avoid them from killing themselves . 
  much as i dislike it , it has been disproved . 
  suicide rates are not that much worse per capita , if at all . 
  many of them work overtime willingly to have more money , just like neo-liberals say society should work . 
   no , it 's the opposite . 
  but if you 're serious about these issues and want to fight unemployment , you 'd best lower the spending to be able to afford lowering taxes and help bringing jobs back into our country . 
  i 'm all for it . 
  when are we going to stop paying rent for essential monopolistic services that are increasing quickly in price and giving away profitable ( or that would be without either political shenanigans or if they would n't have to provide for intangible services ) public companies ? 
  or audit and renegotiate the unpayable debt ? 
  why are we still paying more to private schools ? 
  why are we paying ridiculous amounts for a km of highway ? 
  what i am not willing to support , because i 'm a human being , is throwing people on the streets because they lost their job or got sick and ca n't afford to be cured , or to completely destroy the quality of the public schools and transportation . 
  guess what , 50 % of people are below average and i find they still deserve to not live in squaller fearing for their job no matter how much they work . 
   social rights only exist when you can afford them . 
  if the economy does n't improve , all the people that died fighting for the social rights will have died in vain they died in vain because their successors took it all for granted and will only fight again when they get all taken away again . 
  there will be very minor social rights 10 years from now to protect , so i do n't know which ones you think we 'll maintain . 
  i 'm not much of an economic student , but most people who are are full of shit and treat whatever theories they read as provable science , so i 'll say this : the economy grew in a much more stable way when social rights appeared . 
  now they 're all being taken away to support a boom and bust economy where the 1 % takes the profits and everyone else pays the bill . 
  there 's no end to this , they are n't content , and governments are n't fining them enough or putting people in jail , so there 's no real incentive to not abuse ponzi schemes . 
  no one is pointing out where the theft of rights will stop for a reason . 
  it produces nothing of value while skimming everyone 's else business . 
  the market is not a bad thing , but the current one is terrible . 
  i 'm not saying the cap is perfect , but you have no idea how food works . 
  and yet you 'll be the first to complain about the state in case there 's a famine . 
  yes , they can still cling to the old western model of living off everyone else , in case of the city . 
   are n't you getting a significant number of people out ? 
  there 's plenty of people like depardieu leaving france , i do n't even now if your tax revenues will actually decrease as opposed to increasing , but whatever , you 're free to ignore [ 1 ] basic economics and tax at whatever rate you want . 
  there 's a lot more people leaving the countries in austerity , in case you have n't left the house or turned on the news for a year . 
  as for depardieu , i 'm pretty sure france gives him more in subsidies for his movies than they get out of him . 
   and there 's also populist politicians that want to pander to the workers by making the whole economy more uncompetitive i do n't know the details in france , but there 's also the populist politician who wants to pander to the rich by cutting their taxes . 
  i mean , by that argument , just cut all social benefits and let companies hire and fire at will , even for an hour , and you 'll have the most competitive economy in the world . 
  the reality is , security increases productivity as well . 
  it 's a balance , and it 's also a choice of what society you want to live in : china is extremely competitive , yet neo-liberals do n't move there . 
  and i wish that was the lowest model they had for europe , but it 's much worse . 
   sure , there is . 
  though i wonder if you can afford these `` necessary '' investments when your economy is failing and you 're just piling on the debt and leaving it for future generations . 
  * predictable . 
  and yet , there 's no social debt to be paid , countries can just have massive unemployment for years with no long term influence on the economy , crime , health and everywhere else , right ? 
  sometime in the last century many people died to have social rights , and the economy was better off . 
  now , we 'll have to do it all over again pretty soon because people only care when they have nothing . 
   the folks regularly employed in skilled jobs vs. those interminently employed in unskilled jobs and quite often not at all . 
  sorry , you 're an idiot .
