  yeah , because the eu is n't turning autocratic at all ... 
   doing absolutely nothing to prevent the poverty in some part of the population ( that is comparable with africa and ca n't be found anywhere else in europe ) do n't worry , we in portugal , greece and probably others will soon join you proudly . 
  most western countries have less than half the voters showing up and nothing is changing for the better anywhere save a couple of countries . 
  it 's just too late for 4 countries ... ah well , they 're ~ ~ black ~ ~ ~ ~ poor ~ ~ lazy . 
  but really , you 're assuming this is not her ideology and that austerity and trickle down economics is not the plan for europe ; i am not convinced of that at all . 
  yeah , like that works ... she scares everyone into believing that blindly following whatever comes out of brussels is the only thing that could possibly work and should not be questioned ; local governments have little power . 
  eu to merkel : stop destroying the eu . 
  i dislike romani but i 'd still like them to be treated as human beings . 
  they probably have the same ( large ) percentage of assholes as everyone else . 
  they should learn to deal with their inhabitants too . 
  you 'd be paying fees for decades . 
  that or consulting . 
  maybe if you were properly bred you 'd get it ... 
  i do n't know about greece , i know portugal forcibly closed down agriculture and industry . 
  ( yes , we elected weak willed politicians who took the money for their buddies and did n't fight for theircountry ) do you think having a hungry population does n't lead to a revolt that either succeeds or is agressively put down ? 
  russia is a democracy in name , but i do n't want that as a regime . 
  having the supreme court declaring that the constitution is not valid in years of crises , the police declaring a 3 person gathering as illegal , having agents provocateurs , threatening newspapers for publishing corruption news , fining someone who recorded a corrupt transaction and other such actions does n't make for a revolution per se , but is it really the kind of country you want in the eu ? 
  do n't you think that spreads legitimacy of such actions into the richer countries ? 
  or as long as you put a cross every four years in one of tthe german accepted parties were still a great democracy ? 
  and yes , you sounded bigoted , saying only the superior populations should have modern economies with modern industries , everyone else should be content with their barely survivable wages that barely allow them to get to work and certainly do n't allow them to rent ( unless the market crashes brutally ) , and is definitely not enough for privatized health or education which will lead to bigger class differences and potential clashes . 
  maybe a crashing 800 $ a month is a fortune for a western country and people just need to get used to eating 2 meals at best a day . 
  you 're stretching . 
  there 's a lot of assholes here too . 
  but i think acceptance is at all time high , especially since we envy their recent progress . 
  i 'll just say that capitalism and democracy are pretty broad terms that today include complete opposites of their original definitions . 
  so , yay democratic capitalism , but this particular version is quickly turning as bad as what came previously , so a more regulated , transparent etc version is needed . 
  both will be democratic and capitalist , but they 'll be very different , like we are very different from the essays of adam smith and jefferson . 
  no , he makes it sound that the responsible parties are spoiled children that will only change when forced to , and they ca n't be changed from within the country because a two party democracy does n't work that way . 
  which includes forcibly breaking a shit ton of bad contracts , btw , and that wo n't happen by the strength or will of individual governments without a revolution . 
  they didnt make the decision of destroying agriculture and industry , they were destroyed as a condition of joining . 
  ever heard of things like the pac ? 
  do you know much portugal got screwed in fishing quotas ? 
  it certainly were n't the fisherman who wanted to quit , i heard them year after year as they got shafted . 
  did you ? 
  we will turn into paradises following the model of latvia , with a third of the educated youth gone , 23 % gdp loss and no social services , all to pay for your high horse . 
  do you even realize how bigoted you sound ? 
  it will eventually get taken from you anyway because the neo-liberal agenda is completely catastrophic and will spare no one . 
  and that 's if revolutions and wars do n't start happening and the eu and the euro holds , which is more and more likely by the minute . 
  you 've got that so completely backwards i do n't know what to say . 
  people are starving and the eu demands us to keep electing corrupt politicians so they can skim from you to give to banks while waiting that some miracle happens and we magically recover . 
  there 's nothing to say to that worldview at this point . 
  with complete secrecy from the european council . 
  sure ... 
  it 's not about that . 
  well , it also is , but i 'll leave that for last . 
  for a fraction reserve of 10:1 ( the banks borrowing 10 times as much as they get , which is standard for deposits in modern times ) , the economy has to keep expanding around 3 % ( the math is somewhere ) for that money to exist in reality , and that 's exponentially because each year depends on the last . 
  some find that was only possible while exploiting other countries and with cheap power , a situation that is slowly changing . 
  there are financial products that reach 40 , which means that rate of growth must be even higher . 
  as to whether it is lawful , that does n't matter much when they intermingle with governments , especially the us , to the level of writing the laws that govern themselves . 
  as to whether it is harmful , that is quite a debate . 
  i would say it is very much ( at the current level ) , because the expanding/bursting bubbles hurt the poor terribly every time it happens , while the banks get richer and more powerful . 
  i do n't have the models to know how the full impact of things like leveraging , high frequency trading and commodities markets , but at the level they are they are clearly creating bubbles that harm/benefit the same people , for virtually no risk and no work ( economy growth ) whatsoever . 
  in fact , it is equivalent to skimming of the top cents on a huge number of transactions , it adds up . 
  i 'm willing to accept that liquidity is good for an economy , but the levels of inequality , uncertainty , poverty and unrest that are being generated by the level that such methods have achieved are reaching critical levels that can not be dismissed for very long . 
  it would be better to discuss the fact that this financial model is failing at the level of deregulation and unaccountability it has achieved before people start starving and rioting , but states are never clever enough to realize it . 
  we will live in interesting times , but i fear they will be very bloody again because the powers that be are unmovable and the masses are placated until they ca n't eat , and they they get ugly . 
  as for football players , the money they make is pitiful compared to the big bankers . 
  and at least they 're subject to a market , though i hate that they keep passing themselves of as `` sportsman '' . 
  every country has an economy . 
  they will not have an economy to pay a tenth of their debt , especially because it will keep increasing . 
  it 's insane that people keep thinking the debt will be payed after the countries are turned into a 3rd world shithole , or that they miraculously will not have a fascist/socialist/whatever revolution because the 99 % keep getting poorer . 
  it 's a state of mind . 
  i could have rather said to stop trying to control the country like a puppet regime , that 's only the most egregious example i can recall . 
  it was a collusion of interests . 
  i will not defend the plutocrats destroying democracy in every single country , but i will not let the co-conspirators escape the scrutiny either , so that they can place the next puppets to play pretend democracy . 
  people do n't create 40 times the money they receive out of thin air while selling things that are n't real . 
  there is no money . 
  and yes , i do worry about the greeks , europe and the euro , as they near implosion . 
  but it does hurt germany , so it does n't excuse their corruption as the right thing to do for the country , as you said . 
  is it a lie ? 
  do you care about the return of instability , nationhood , fascist/communist revolutions and wars to europe ? 
  because if you do , you 'd do well to start thinking as an european . 
  that 's cute . 
  so , we know the current plan is doomed , but the several uncomfortable for the status quo alternatives are always without merit . 
  people do n't have 40:1 fractional reserves on worthless products . 
  no , goldman sachs , with the full knowledge of parts of germany and the eu , cooked the books for them . 
  and they never will have it in the next 50 years because they will not have an economy . 
  so it 's everyone 's problem . 
  only , it 's getting worse by not getting solved and the euro is likely to disappear next year . 
  `` you '' did n't . 
  some germans did . 
  if you do n't want to be treated as imperialistic , stop acting like it , like saying greece should pay off with it 's island . 
  well , why does n't germany start a european campaign against corrupt rulers , instead of campaigning heavily that voting for non-corrupt `` responsible '' governments is the only way to salvation ? 
  they have said exactly zero about the shady deals that still go on in portugal , they only care about turning our wages lower then china so they can keep the unsustainable financial system afloat . 
   it does n't hurt the german nation i thought the lack of money received was proof enough that that 's wrong . 
  and when someone comes and says they want to clean the country , germany comes with all kinds of bullshit threats , making it a german problem . 
  nevermind the fact that your politicians and the institutions they empower also knew very well how greece was run . 
  nevermind the fact that unless a real solution is found , germany wo n't see the money back . 
  hell , nevermind the fact that the bailout is just a way to funnel money from german taxpayers to their own banks . 
  it 's not their fault because of that , it 's their fault for voting on extremely corrupt politicians . 
  even if we held elections today . 
  this will end terribly , terribly badly for portugal until someone has the courage and the will to rip of a lot of contracts and piss off a lot of rich people . 
  but you can say that about most places , as the financial system is about to colapse . 
  `` it stings even more when you are reminded that these politicians were given a free or cheap ride through university courtesy of the taxpayer and entered a much more penetrable job market . '', 
  you think those politicians entered the job market ? 
  hahahahaha . 
  what does that matter when they can both print however much they want and everyone will loan them money until the system completely crashes ? 
  ( everyone will be fucked then ), 
  quite the opposite , the piigs are not iceland , because iceland fixed itself while we 're drowning . 
  because it 's just laundering money from germans to the german banks and the imf .
