le pen ... 
  is n't his daughter less ... dumb though ? 
  so an `` actual refugee '' must speak the language , share the religion , etc ? 
  i understand the disenchantment with the situation , but that is a bit much . 
  heck , that guy is closer to an actual lithuanian than an actual refugee . 
  glad he got some help . 
  speaking from an american perspective , i agree to a great extent , but whatever you europeans deem is okay , like you just said that they were free to practice islam etc is by definition `` acceptable culture in europe '' . 
  i have heard great things about kebab , ( have n't been able to try it ) , and i love the food available to us . 
  at a certain point , however , it facilitates self segregation which then hurts assimilation . 
  a long time without successful assimilation creates animosity and an `` us vs them '' feeling , which leads to romanticizing their homeland which can lead to extremism . 
  it really is a long shot/slippery slope type argument , but i think it is possible to have multiculturalism without infringing the native culture of a region . 
  i personally believe that culture is a dangerous thing , and look forward to a world where we have gotten the best of every culture and sifted out the worst . 
  it 's a shame i wo n't live to see it . 
  yeah . 
  those that want to be european can stay in europe , and raise european children , those that want to raise children who perpetuate culture that is n't acceptable in europe are best returned to their home country . 
  we americans dont care about ourselves , we have bootstraps to pick ourselves up by so we are fine . 
  i have my country flag as my flair , and i hate the us too . 
  ah , i thought this was / r/the _ donald , my bad . 
  would n't know any better with all of the talk about deporting citizens . 
  so it begins . 
  many cities have multiple names , as with anywhere . 
  what incentive does turkey have to use the kurdish name officially ? 
  ah right , white people count triple when keeping genocidal score . 
  absolutely undiluted . 
  * sniff *, 
  the fact you even say `` the good and bad '' of columbus either betrays ignorance or historical revisionism . 
  the guy got lucky , and did horrendous things . 
  there were many more europeans that did far better things in america , and are far more deserving of recognition . 
  ironically , i bet you applaud the destruction of statues of lenin and stalin in eastern bloc countries ? 
  0/10 reading comprehension . 
  the right wing represents a desire for stability , even at the cost of certain freedoms . 
  in europe , in russia , in the middle east , in america . 
  wherever there is instability , the right will appear as the `` no nonsense , undiluted with emotional concerns , common sense option '' . 
  soviet union was humanist . 
  just because they were crappy in acting on it does n't mean their ideology was not humanist . 
  they also participated in animal testing . 
  soviet union was certainly not very concerned with animal rights . 
  ehh , marxism is a humanist ideology . 
  not saying we support animal abuse , but animal exploitation is not a main concern of marxism , though i 'm sure some marxists are animal rights activists . 
  i would say that most are leftist though . 
  edit : someone want to correct me ? 
  i have n't read any zerzan , but i ca n't think of a school of marxism that 's inherently animal rights based . 
  3rd parties have no chance . 
  i am not really partial to johnson anyways . 
  oh god , if you interpreted this as a pro-trump message , then i have failed to use the english language properly . 
  i will likely be voting for clinton in november . 
  as usual germany making my country look depressing . 
  are n't there really crappy manual labour/industrial jobs that are becoming tough to fill with young men given germany 's aging and highly educated population ? 
  wait , are you suggesting that people might want to work so they can get their own money and do as they like with it ? 
  i do n't know about europe , but here in america when you are on government assistance and or disability assistance , you are heavily monitered , and the moment you suggest that you might soon begin to look for a job , you are cut off and left out to dry . 
  this does n't encourage looking for a job at all . 
  i feel like the people who claim welfare is comfortable or even livable have never been on it . 
  it is miserable . 
  yeah , because europe is already scorched earth . 
  have n't you been reading the only unbiased news source left in the entire universe , the daily mail ? 
  god no . 
  she will continue to bomb brown people in the middle east , same old same old . 
  she is just no different than any other american politician . 
  how else can you use religion to create a geopolitical front in attempt to obtain power ? 
  right . 
  it keeps fringe groups that would make radical changes that would affect the entire population out of power until they adequately represent said population . 
  it would be a shame if an important decision were hastily and narrowly made in the wake of a stream of misinformation , would n't it ? 
  well , there are also those on the far left that are critical of the eu . 
  horseshoe theory gets old after awhile . 
  while you may consider it a mere `` figure of speech '' , others genuinely buy into `` anything that is n't liberal is fascist . '', 
  fascism tends to be more popular in racially homogeneous societies . 
  regarding europe , this would mean white . 
  i mean to say that fascism 's success in politics is largely a demographic issue , and in order to succeed in such varied demographics , it would likely take a different shape than in previous iterations . 
  in order to achieve a culturally unified mass , it would likely have to make concessions across more ethnicities and religions than in previous fascist societies in order to return to relevance in today 's western society . 
  hmm . 
  i could definitely see how fascism could be inherently racist , especially when considering how fascists tend to form a cult of tradition , and generally fascists would like to keep all aspects of a country traditional , including ethnicity . 
  however i feel that especially in countries such as america or those in europe fascism will take the form of `` nation above all else , including race/ethnicity '' . 
  i would n't be surprised if , for example , fascism in france eventually includes a sort of `` french islam '' . 
  basically the countries that are white enough for fascism are too smart for fascism , and as such fascism will have to make non-racialist appeals in order to prevail in modern society . 
  that 's not the definition of fascism . 
  fascism is inherently nationalist . 
  it is n't even inherently racist , just nationalist and authoritarian . 
  using language to intentionally obfuscate meaning is pointless . 
  it 's far easier to communicate ideas when using the proper terms . 
  there is only one kind of fascist . 
  authoritarian is perhaps the term you are looking for ? 
  she was n't even inside of it ? 
  what a petty way to disagree then . 
  you are now a moderator of / r/fullcommunism . 
  the thing you are missing is that these words were created for racist purposes , and that other words or terms would be preferable in the situations you describe for reasons other than aversion to inflammatory language . 
  you live in america and ca n't think of racist words ? 
  you are either a white guy in idaho or willfully ignorant . 
  many words are maintained for the sole purpose of perpetuating racism , and any use outside of that is forced in an attempt to redirect the shock value of such a `` racist word '' for another purpose . 
  is n't that the very purpose of language ? 
  every word has its connotation . 
  if words could n't possibly be racist or invoke any sort of mood , language would lose a lot of utility . 
  it 's a regular thing . 
  we are foreigners in our own country . 
  i always feel i was born in the wrong georgia ... 
  come on over and praise stalin if you want to lose some karma . 
  oh yeah , i was reading fast and occasionally get confused with how you all occasionally use the city names in your respective languages . 
  i expected to see wien for vienna i guess . 
  thanks . 
  gah , these chinese migrants are breeding like mad . 
  certainly austria ( edit : not italy , derp ) has a politician with a sensible plan ?
