do n't let any more in . 
  start to send the ones in europe illegally to turkey or saudi arabia ... 
  anywhere else . 
  getting arrested , they 'll live in a posh prison and convert as many as they can . 
  and does sweden even give out life sentences . 
  will the convicted be eligible for parole ? 
  isis killed its own for the crime of smoking cigarettes . 
  they 're fucking crazy . 
  is english the standard language for europeans to communicate even after the uk leaves ? 
  `` switzerland , unlike iceland , liechtenstein and norway , is not a member of the european economic area ( eea ) but instead has more than 100 of its own bilateral trade agreements with the eu . 
  these are managed by a complex structure of more than 15 joint committees -- a set-up britain may want to study in detail as it looks to negotiate its own trade deals with the bloc . '', 
  [ source ] ( https://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/switzerland-uk-brexit-solution-trade-deal-free-movement-micheline-calmy-rey-a7234906.html ), 
  i think we 'll get a good trade deal with the uk . 
  but maybe it will be extra work to negotiate more trade deals . 
  eu in a nutshell . 
  they should get the same deal as the us to the markets . 
  maybe closer to swiss deal . 
  london has been a seat of international finance for centuries . 
  as an american , can confirm . 
  yay !, 
  here 's an interesting article on [ voter fatigue ] ( https://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2015/11/long-ballots-democracy/413701/ ) . 
  are n't they occupying north cyprus militarily ? 
  because white people trying to help their little brown bothers out of guilt tend to do more harm than good . 
  the whole white man 's burden comes to mind . 
  it was n't most people that did this . 
  if they had a law requiring women to crawl on hands and knees , it would also be a degradation . 
  would it be okay for saudis to force our government officials to submit to that ? 
  is it the refugees , increase in euroskepticism , inflation/unemployment , or supporting weaker economies ? 
  i 'm trying to figure out how the eu got into this bad spot . 
  and if they can get out . 
  this is why the us should n't have let turkey into nato . 
  are americans going to get sucked into this conflict ? 
  he 'll probably be released 3 more times before successfully committing an attack . 
  they would let him out on parole in five years . 
  he 'd radicalize everyone in earshot in prison . 
  better that it ended this way . 
  he was already investigated for terrorism activities . 
  quebec is southern europe . 
  it would be great to see one old man in a canoe floating in this . 
  is that not one of the no-go zones ? 
  it 's good to pick a language with gender neutrality and high morphology . 
  english has adapted with the times . 
  to be a pilot anywhere , you have to speak english . 
  it 's negligent for an education system in an eu member state to not teach their kids english . 
  when a polish citizen and a frenchman meet , they 'll likely speak english . 
  when a chinese businessman meets an arabic supplier , they speak english . 
  the fact that the majority of the posts in / r/europe are in english is a testament to this truth . 
  then maybe the swiss guard could get on board too . 
  the writing was cringy . 
  details are needed . 
  would it be like nato command structure ? 
  eu parliament to decide all actions ? 
  what about the return of an aggressive neighboring russia ? 
  what language will the army speak , all of them ? 
  with language based subdivisions ? 
  interesting it can swing so much . 
  we love germany here in the us . 
  and vast majority of the nation hates trump . 
  but the flawed process of selecting him favored small and rural american states . 
  we 're going to have to do an apology tour when we replace him . 
  other than the two world wars , what did we do to germany ? 
  we ca n't keep fighting to protect those who will not defend themselves . 
  we 've run out of the money and moral authority . 
  you either want an interventionist american superpower or you do n't . 
  ca n't have it both ways . 
  i am an american of european ancestry . 
  and a veteran who does n't want to see another european war in his lifetime . 
  my tax dollars go to nato . 
  i do n't want to see nato expand to the russian doorsteps . 
  it 's provoking an equal-and-opposite reaction . 
  the cia calls this blowback . 
  this is about russia , usa , and eu weapons sales . 
  all three sides conjure up justifications to upgrade weapon systems and arm ukrainians ( and others ) . 
  what 's the end-game for europe ? 
  ukraine in the eu ? 
  i 'll take my downvotes because i think it 's important enough to speak up . 
  i 'm not here for karma . 
  pushing former soviet states to align with berlin is n't going to prevent militarized conflicts . 
  i hope you have enough sense to realize that . 
  `` eu is still the only game in town ; russia has nothing substantive on the table . 
  despite the current dilemmas , a european future , which means nato membership '' [ ecfr.eu ] ( http://www.ecfr.eu/article/commentary_the_balkans_bad_news_rising_7253 ) [ us , eu engagement : us quadruples mil . 
  spending ] ( https://www.voanews.com/a/mccain-calls-for-greater-us-eu-engagement-in-balkans/3827599.html ), 
  is non interference an option ? 
  americans are not against this . 
  the media is making it out to be a rebuke . 
  trump campaigned on encouraging european self-defense . 
  i wish the us netflix had more independent european films . 
  they could probably buy 1000 for the price of one disney film . 
  and decriminalization !, 
  if you ca n't eat bacon , what 's the point in living ? 
  islamism is though . 
  `` say what you will about the tenets of national socialism , but at least it 's an ethos . '', 
  he claims that the eu represents security and stability now . 
  i do n't know if facts support that though . 
  and there are other options with refugees other than either allowing them all in or you 're anti-immigrant . 
  i would support foreign aid to nations within the middle east to house refugees until they can return to their home nations . 
  it 's really one major policy area that receives the most bad press . 
  and it rhymes with flimmigration . 
  jelly roll jesus . 
  he looks delicious and horrifying .
