there is something fishy about this sub being created right as the american government and eu are trying hard to discredit russia 6 years old ... 
   increase in rate leads to inflation and then you 've got the same purchasing power as before no ... as long as supply increases then there wo n't be inflation . 
  http://tutor2u.net/economics/content/diagrams/inflation_demandpull_2.gif if supply increases the general price level will stay at the same rate . 
  if the general price level has fallen in the last month , you wo n't buy an luxury goods as you think prices will keep falling , which they will as no one will be buying anything . 
  this means that the firms producing the goods will be losing a lot of money as the cost of capital would be a lot higher than the current price level as the cost of capital was before the deflation . 
  this then means that firms start laying people off and a recession due to low demand starts . 
  lower prices = bad , what you really want is an increase in the general wage rate . 
  makes sense , inflation rate for sweden has been really low/negative for most of the past year . 
  it 's part of northern ireland ... 
  the majority of northern irish people are of english ancestry . 
  seriously ? 
  do you want to warn him about getting hit by cars when walking ? 
  because there 's a much higher probability of him getting hit by a car than anyone of his family/friends family/friends getting anywhere close to ebola . 
  what 's with the blue area line going through france , germany , cezch etc ? 
  if you want true economic freedom complete freedom of movement is needed . 
  helps when you win a war in the falklands , many bad leaders have been elected in the past and through hindsight we can see that . 
  it 's derogatory to anyone ... 
  yet another cunt tagged , 
  so the men fighting in ypres should have given up and let the germans take belgium ? 
  if po do n't win that would mean pis would win , right ? 
  so you 're happy to remain ignorant about other people ? 
  i go to a school with many different cultures and ethnicities and there 's no violence between anyone . 
  why do n't you use your brain and think like a rational person not an ignorant fuck . 
  using this first year drop out rate http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/scotland/8623458.stm the % of pop completing uni is 50.5 %, 
  typical putin . 
  assuming you 're talking about scotland , how is the uk behaving bad ? 
  the uk does n't have an aircraft carrier ... 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/warsaw_confederation_ ( 1573 ), 
  or , talk about refuting a wrong argument ... 
  pretty much every country has visas . 
  visa do n't cost a massive amount of money though , so it 's not only if you have the money . 
  and they 're not given out based on how much money you have . 
  your argument is severely flawed . 
  but it 's not similar at all ; visa are n't permanent nor do they give you that nationality . 
  it merely states `` you can be here for x amount of time '' . 
   the asshats that caused the 2008 crash those same asshats also created one of the biggest booms ... 
  simply giving benefits to immigrants is n't being nice to them imo . 
  the problem with sweden is the lack of integration between ` natives ' and immigrants , whereby the immigrants mostly live in their own communities and do n't feel as though they are swedish . 
  england was the most liberal country from the civil war to the mid 20th century . 
  poland lasted 7 days less ( even though they never officially surrendered ) and they were getting fucked from two sides , and their allies did n't help . 
  you do realise that by the 1950s the us and ussr had enough nukes to `` destroy the world 9 times '' , you do n't need thousands of nukes . 
  which country are you from ? 
  bet they have n't done anything bad in the past !, 
  better to keep nazi gold amirite ? 
  ah i thought it would be more like a handful of swedish wrestlers dominated for a long time . 
  that makes sense . 
  never knew wrestling was so big in sweden . 
  most of the time people visit krakow and go to auschwitz , only jewish groups would only go to auschwitz . 
  do the monegasques get any special government help ? 
  because it seems really unfair that their country has one of the highest costs of living due to the tax free nature . 
  uk , ahahahahaha tories . 
  my travel tips : have fun in life and do n't be scared by the media . 
  the north . 
  yeah pretty much , in the second boer war the british government chose to keep the boers in camps in order to end the guerilla war , the conditions were appalling to the point that the british government faced large amounts of criticism . 
  then a report came out which showed the conditions were the same in the working class areas of london , glasgow etc. . . during the boer war something like 2/5 men were rejected from serving because they were too unhealthy . 
  economic growth will happen , people will regain confidence , spending will go up , businesses will regain confidence etc etc. . . http://ec.europa.eu/economy_finance/eu/forecasts/2015_spring_forecast_en.htm look , growth !, 
   should be obvious considering that those who caused the collapse got paid for it and no laws have been changed or added to prevent it from happening again that 's not relevant to economic growth ... 
  it 's relevant to stopping another massive crisis , but it has no relevance to growth . 
  meh it 's gon na end soon once the economies start picking up , people like to blame someone else for their economic hardships . 
  in the uk you can do philosophy throughout schooling . 
  labour want to keep trident as well , no ? 
  well they know more about economics than you ... 
  so much this !, 
  what 's wrong with borrowing ? 
  spending is required to get out of a recession , http://www.ft.com/cms/s/2/7da2852c-e3af-11e4-9a82-00144feab7de.html . 
  they all want spending . 
   economically literate and wo n't destroy the country ( like labour or the greens ) both ed miliband and ed balls have economics degrees . 
   scrubsidies as though a mail journo or reader would be smart enough to get that . 
  http://www.ft.com/cms/s/2/49e49f66-cef3-11e4-b761-00144feab7de.html#axzz3xkgzlhhg should help . 
   approx . 
  50 % of the population is kidnapped by the state and held in concentration camps for a median amount of 20 months , when they finish highschool huh ? 
  military service ? 
  i doubt even oligarchs feel rich in london d :, 
  what sort of business is done in luxembourg ? 
  i 've never been and know very little so i have this view of it having just tax evasion shit and no proper businesses . 
  i raise by the only true oldman https://dumasaphobicdiatribes.files.wordpress.com/2015/04/gary-oldman.jpg, 
  apparently london was so bad that when people would visit in the 60s they 'd come back and have black snot because of all the pollution . 
   i really trust markets because what if i can not work ? 
  like disability ? 
  or my wife ? 
  what if the economy collapses or my knowledge becomes outdated or robots do all the work or anything ? ... 
  renting does n't give you any more protection than a mortgage ( if anything it gives you less protection as the owner might decide he does n't want you as a tenant any more ) and is more expensive in the long run , i do n't see why you would n't want a mortgage . 
  but renting is just like paying a mortgage each month except you wo n't get a house after you pay a certain amount . 
  i 'd imagine the first point also means that jews find it easier to get into industries/companies due to friendly links . 
  looking at why people become radicalised and preventing it in the future is by far the beat way to defeat terrorism ... 
  poor, 
  sort of funny story , my history teacher used to be in the raf and he was somewhat responsible for planning sorties over serbia . 
  a couple years later he starts chatting to a properly jacked , scary looking , guy in an airport bar . 
  this guy then says that he was part of the serbian army during the war ( s ) and went on to say how much he hated the people in the raf for the bombings . 
  so now my really nice history teacher is shitting it and just runs away as fast as he can . 
  `` completely failed '' lmfao, 
  very low sexual assaults because of regressive views on gender ... and it 's not like everyone reports crime in poland . 
  no ... a lot of poles went to palestine and got helped by the british . 
  not the women and children ... 
  what about tw\u00f3j ruch ? 
  why are n't they popular ? 
  my mum and aunt both say they 're not too into him just because everything palikot does is a big show for the media , is that the popular view ? 
   only poor uneducated plebs vote ukip . 
  those stupid chavs are n't enlightened like me and the guardian `` for ukip , however , education seems to have a much larger impact . 
  the later people left education , the less they tend to support ukip '' -- http://blogs.lse.ac.uk/politicsandpolicy/to-explain-voting-intentions-income-is-more-important-for-the-conservatives-than-for-labour/ .
