  its funny , you right winged people complain about lefties being too emotional yet whenever someone uses the same insults to the right you get upset . 
  funny how much people are hating on you for this , yet if you said something derogatory about refugees or muslims you 'd get massive amounts of upvotes . 
  economist do care about strong governance in developing countries ... 
  it 's one of tadaro 's main talking points . 
  eh they might 've read y for fun but marx has no relevance to the modern day study of economics . 
  no econ professor would day read marx before friedman , keynes , solow etc, 
  100 % is , proper mad cunts aussies are . 
  cos they 're sick cunts !, 
  downvoted for the truth - . -, 
  lmfao globalresearch . 
  i 'll just go to jewsarecunts.com in order to say the holocaust never happenef, 
  yeah , that his stereotype britishness is an act ... 
  lol epic fail, 
  could n't the blades really hurt the eagle ? 
  can i join you skiing on the slope you 're on , seems really slippery . 
  * hull, 
   apparently not , since you do n't give a shit that this policy encourages people to create unhappy families and absent fathers how would financial abortion change this ? 
  the father does n't have to be in the life of his child , he just needs to pay for it . 
   why should we reward the person that makes it happen and punish the person that is trying to avoid it ? 
   does n't matter , the child is the only important thing in this equation . 
  sure it sucks for the father , but it 's better than having a child live a worse life . 
  literally a line up on your own source  the english term originated in the reconcentrados ( reconcentration camps ) set up by the spanish military in cuba during the ten years ' war ( 1868 -- 1878 ) , cuban war for independence ( 1895 -- 1898 ) , and by the united states during the philippine -- american war ( 1899 -- 1902 ) i love when people cherry pick quotes in order to fit a wrong narrative . 
   which by the way invented the concentration camps lmao shows how much history you know ... 
  anyone worked out what the blue dots in southern france are ? 
  italian ? 
  that certainly was n't the case towards the latter parts of viking dominance , just look at the creation of danelaw , viking outposts in modern-day russia , and the land given to the vikings by the carolingians . 
   but wasted half a day of time by visiting berlin , such a waste . 
   if you 're on social benefits never realised holidays and weekends do n't exist . 
  what uni ? 
  yeah , that 's the main reason for the start of the troubles . 
  but i 'd argue the british govt under thatcher really did n't help the situation , and made it worse ( note hunger strikes ) . 
  belfast is safe , not much to do there though . 
  it was released in 2014 , but yeah it 's an amazing film . 
  * making sense of the troubles : a history of the northern ireland conflict * the green flag : a history of irish nationalism ( focuses on nationalism from 1800-the end of the troubles , very long though ) * provos : the ira and sinn fein and a good read ( note not an academic history book ) is fifty dead men walking which follows a double agent inside the ira . 
  like fuck do any men on erasmus care about that . 
  i think it did become a bit more popular , i know that my secondary school started doing handball stuff around 2012 and now they 're pretty good i guess . 
  someone from my school does get invited to u19 england training camps . 
  except it is n't `` completely irrelevant '' the political situation of a country has a massive impact on the level of investments it receives ... 
   for us it will be great though lmfao, 
   manchester , leeds eh , these two cities in particular ( esp manchester ) are growing quite a lot , with a lot of young graduates moving due to the cheaper cost of living + growing economy . 
  i 'd personally argue that manchester , not birmingham , is the 2nd city ( though i am biased due to going to uni in manchester ) . 
   how wealthy it 's very easy to be a strong country when the vast majority of your people do n't have rights and are used essentially as slave labour ... 
   large amount of the native population want apartheid back it 's so bad ahahahahaha wut, 
  are you serious ? 
  can you not assume that in a countries with way higher income the labour cost will be higher ? 
  had to have a wwii reference in it as well . 
  except that 's wrong ... areas with the least tend to be the most anti , whilst areas with more tend to be more pro . 
  good thing we listen to radio maryja . 
  legally the man does n't have to be involved with the child . 
   the toilet door needs to open outwards sadly this is not the case in almost all public/commercial buildings , i assume it 's due to the fact that outwards opening doors can be blocked which is a safety hazard . 
  no blame towards france ? 
   alain jupp\u00e9 is extremely popular did n't he get convicted of stealing public funds or something ? 
   490 fucking euros for a photo time to start selling all the photo 's my family took back then !, 
   west warsaw and all the way to otwock damn , that journey would 've taken over an hour , ca n't imagine how he felt when he realised . 
  still was n't fully in e flush when i visited in june . 
  yeah my mum moved to the uk in the early 90s and at first she hated taking out credit for anything , did n't even see the point of credit cards . 
  also might depend on what bills need paying , like someone in the uk might have trouble paying off their new iphone with unlimited data etc , whilst some rural person in poland wo n't struggle paying for basics . 
  but i do agree that it 's quite shocking how different cities are compared to rural parts of eastern europe , it makes sense as cities are where all the money is primarily going but it 's still quite a shocking difference . 
  whisky smells way better than weed . 
  alcoholic drinks smell way better than weed the fuck are you on about, 
  holyshit man , hope you stay safe , was in antalya only a week ago and i thought turkey was a lovely place . 
   to create a nice atmosphere in paris i heard it was for security . 
  no ... no it was n't rigged . 
  berniebros just ca n't handle that more democrates support hilary . 
  have you actually read any of the studies/papers done on a brexit ? 
  do you even know what fdi is ? 
  less deep integration but with a wider scope is more isolationist than deep integration with a smaller number of countries , esp given the regionalisation of the world with nafta , mercosur , cemac etc. 
   better economically supported by most studies  isolationism will never work in the continuously globalising world supported both economically and historically . 
  sat next to some middle aged people in a weatherspoons in oxford and they were talking about the same sort of stuff , they were really drunk though so i do n't think it was that serious . 
  they also talked about how cameron was getting rid of the spontaneity of life . 
  better economically , trust eu politicians more , isolationism will never work in the continuously globalising world . 
  les espaces d'abraxas ( the first one ) was in the last hunger games , no ? 
  what about the forest in my pants ? 
  / r/sandersforpresident is leaking . 
  switzerland is such a failed state . 
   in the uk right wing voters tend to be higher educated not according to : http://blogs.lse.ac.uk/politicsandpolicy/to-explain-voting-intentions-income-is-more-important-for-the-conservatives-than-for-labour/, 
  yeah that 's what most people think , but ex-gdr is very cheap , berlin is getting more and more expensive as more people move there though . 
  probably just a bit more expensive than prague ( but way more cheap than geneva/vienna ) , and it 's also got a massive counter-culture/artsy scene . 
  with graffiti + berlin film festival etc i can see why it 's very popular for young 20s . 
  berlin is one of the electro capitals of the world + cheap . 
  but prices will also decrease . 
  france : justice ( cross is the best electro album of all time imo ) and odezenne . 
  sort of , someone in my school got them . 
  iirc it does ' t make you any taller than you would be without them , it just speeds your growth up . 
  it 's also to do with helping people start puberty as well . 
  i could be well off as i did n't know the guy that well and did n't really ask about it . 
  classic poland , i love hearing my mum 's stories about the cheating they 'd do back in the communist days . 
  has n't he recently produced a very large detailed programme with help from a french economist ? 
  saw it on politico . 
  nonononono the hard left of the labour party ( corbynites and other new members ) do n't like blair , most of the centre-left of labour ( esp the leadership and mp 's ) like/neutral on blair . 
   useless subsidies to stuff like transgender equality oh yes !, 
  god forbid trans people are treated nicely , what a horrible idea ... 
   cu party leader said they should first try gl because they 've gained so much goddamn dutch politics seems so much more sane than british . 
  and he got a higher vote than in the uk !, 
   there 's probably some antiquated agricultural/religious reason for it yup , thursday 's was when people used to go to the markets . 
  hence it made sense to have votes then . 
  maybe they did n't vote for ? 
  no it does n't , urgh . 
  efficiency means productively , pareto , and allocative . 
  because there 's an incentive for foreign state-owned companies to be efficient whereas there is n't for a nationalised railway .
