cock business, 
  so the guys found out they were dying and that the kid they raised was n't theirs . 
  you hear good things about it all the time because romanians have an inferiority complex ( because romania is shittiest country in the eu ) , so they try to change romania 's image by spreading positive news about it . 
  i do n't know who they surveyed , but there 's no way romania is as safe as switzerland and austria . 
  haha and we think it 's a romanian tradition, 
  huge news . 
  europe needed to know this . 
  thanks , op . 
  why ? 
  what matters is that they are romanian citizens, 
  lucky bastards, 
  there 's a town called chevy chase ? 
  yes , the grass is always greener on the other side of the fence, 
  haha romanians do the same thing , suddenly become patriots once they leave thecountry, 
  i know some . 
   why is this family situation so common in bulgaria and romania ? 
  because they 're poor countries . 
  these families basically had two options : 1 . 
  stay together and be poor . 
  be separated and have better lives . 
  they chose the second one . 
  you 're french . 
  why do you care so much about this ? 
  canada would have been fucked . 
  we have top of the line bayonets and muskets . 
  italy, 
  romania and bulgaria are the two guys that clearly do n't belong there , but somehow got past security , and now everybody is too polite to mention it . 
  you 're not on / r/romania, 
  this movie is shit . 
  i 'm turning it off . 
  how did you like it ? 
  and what else did you visit ? 
  i just found that funny, 
  it 's in the article, 
   kardashian west 's husband , the rapper kanye west , was on stage at the meadows music and arts festival in new york at the time of the robbery . 
  he abruptly ended his set , telling fans : `` i 'm sorry , family emergency . 
  i have to stop the show . '', 
  if you watch the video , when he says `` i have to stop the show '' it 's still autotuned . 
  hhahahaha, 
  immigration means moving to a country that you are not a citizen of . 
  legal immigration is still immigration . 
  since they immigrated to other european coutries, 
  that 's probably romania, 
  it only made headlines because of how out of the ordinary it was for romania to charge their corrupt politicians . 
   from the outside romania looks far less corrupt than most other western countries . 
  oh god no . 
  it 's much more corrupt than other western countries . 
  did n't italy have a thing in the 90s where they arrested hundreds of politicians on corruption charges ? 
  was that not effective in stopping it ? 
  corruption and bribery are also big problems in romania . 
  i think it 's just that the recent one in italy was bigger ( 6.2 ), 
  i 'm not sure , but i doubt romania has better building codes than italy . 
  i am all romanians today . 
  i do n't think i 'll ever be the same, 
  i had an apple core on my desk , and it was upright , and after the earthquake , it was down . 
  proof : http://i.imgur.com/yppywc1.jpg i do n't have a before pic , so here 's a drawing : http://i.imgur.com/cjabfua.jpg 24/9 never forget, 
  no by tertiary education they mean university, 
  source ? 
  i 've never heard of this before, 
  who the fuck is that ? 
  someone over at / r/romania was saying that the creators of this law know it 's retarded and will never pass , but the reason they do it is so it looks like they 're actually doing something . 
  and when time comes to get re-elected , they can brag that they proposed many laws during their time in the parliament . 
   which is even illegal here in denmark then you should call the police every time you see them, 
  ah , beating your wife - the great romanian pastime, 
  hmm , so you own a ferrari , yet you ca n't read or write . 
  can you explain that , sir ? 
  is that movie any good ? 
  haha, 
  haha , what the fuck ??? 
  i assumed since people are religious in eastern europe , they do n't get many abortions . 
  looks like i was really wrong . 
  i guess that 's what happens when you provide basically zero sexual education in schools . 
  nice, 
  imagine the students that have to explain to their parents that a retard scored higher than them . 
  what a retard, 
  begging , pickpocketing , collecting scrap metal , stealing copper wire , scamming - all the traditional gypsy crafts . 
  let 's hope those canadians wo n't be racist towards their culture, 
  kind of stupid, 
  no , probably not, 
  king in the north !, 
  great, 
  better you leave than stay and not want to be here . 
  yeah but it will rise again once the dust settles, 
  and good luck to you too !, 
  i think that 's just wishful thinking . 
  fuck yeah my rent is in euros !, 
  * i to the world am like a drop of water , that in the ocean seeks another drop . 
  * what a great line . 
   yeah i 'm moving to bucharest why are you doing that ? 
  what the fuck , romania, 
  yeah it 's common in the rural areas . 
  edit : looking at the pictures you linked , i realize that the romanian ones are n't like that . 
  they 're not carpets . 
  if anything , they 're similar to bedspreads . 
  so you 've never looked in the mirror, 
  the website is nicusordan.ro just type some random stuff after that so that it gives you the 404 page , like this https://www.nicusordan.ro/jshaghjasf, 
  why ? 
  i was n't making fun of him , i was trying to cheer him up . 
  do n't do it , bro . 
  there are no dank memes in the afterlife,
