  meaning they did n't measure pay for the same amount and the same kind of work , making it just as problematic a statistic as stating women earn 77 cents on the dollar . 
  you 're not a second class citizen . 
  get over yourself . 
  one fucking mention . 
  that 's it ? 
  please link to some of those favourable reviews she got by fucking game journalists . 
  yes , i retract those statements . 
  in my second comment i did mean to refer to the pay gap issue in general , but i see how the way i worded it seems to refer to the 77 % , which is n't true . 
  you 're right that women making 77 cents on the dollar is n't true when you account for all factors . 
  if they presented that as fact , than that 's wrong . 
  the controversy is in the size and causes of the adjusted gap , which is significantly lower , but still exists . 
  3 years actually , but still ... 
  yes , 77 percent for the same work is not true . 
  happy ? 
  it 's not bullshit , it 's a different statistic . 
  one is adjusted , the other is n't . 
  but if you want to argue a gender pay gap , then the unadjusted percentage is nut useful . 
  well , as that article states , the study that claim is based on did not compare salaries * for the same work * . 
  so it 's actually just as problematic as the claim that women make 77 % on the dollar . 
  bullshit in general is n't funny ? 
  you must lead a sad life . 
  this is the second time someone brings up young women making more than young men . 
  do you have a source for that ? 
  as for the random chance , you could be right . 
  if you look at several studies , the controlled pay gap in western countries usually amounts to single digits . 
  the question is whether this is insignificant enough to be ascribed to random chance . 
  2 percent sounds plausible , but 4 or 7 less so . 
  who says you have to take him at his word ? 
  it 's a comedy show . 
  of course you should n't take his word at face value . 
  how would you explain it then ? 
  please quote me where i deny the difference between controlled and uncontrolled pay gap ? 
  you really have issues , do n't you ? 
  does n't really matter . 
  the simple fact that a certain part of the internet with very little going on in their lifes started a witch hunt because her ex was bitching on a forum is all you need to know . 
  we 're not talking about cumulative totals here , we 're talking about the same amount of work and the same kind of work . 
  what was even shitty about it ? 
  if i recall correctly , it was about women getting harassed on the internet , and they mentioned her as an example . 
  pretty sure she got harassed pretty harshly . 
  hell , you chose to highlight that topic , not me . 
  just to be clear : are you implying all women should get paid less because on average , they work less hours then men ? 
  no , it 's stupid to dislike a show because you disagree on their coverage of the most insignificant issue in the world . 
   yeah , not to mention the gamergate episode with literally fucking zoe quinn crying on camera about the evil attacks she totally does n't try to bait to get patreonbux . 
  well , here 's one : http://www.payscale.com/data-packages/gender-pay-gap, 
  except you specifically called out one trivial issue . 
   the reason it `` upsets '' people is because those same people insist on pushing forward more legislation to ` equalize ' that non-existent gap , the gap is not `` non-existent '' . 
  i 've seen several different percentages , depending also on the way you measure it , but it certainly exists . 
   which will only effect new entrants to the job market , where women are already earning 108 % to their male counterparts . 
  source ? 
   equal pay is already enshrined in the laws of all western countries , and to do otherwise would get you sued faster than you could say ` equal rights ' . 
  the problem is that most professions do n't have set salary schales . 
  paying someone less because of their sex is indeed against the law , but how will you prove that the reason you get paid less than your male co-worker is because of your genitals ? 
  your boss can simply say it 's due to your performace/experience/negotiating skills/etc . 
  it 's not like a problem automatically disappears by making it illegal . 
   the continued push for increased government intervention to change this statistic leads to accepted forms of discrimination with regards to compensation how is ensuring that women get equal pay going to negatively affect men ? 
  it 's a controversial issue . 
  i can provide a shitton of sources that say that 's true , you can probably provide an equal amount of sources that say it is n't . 
  it 's not a lie so much as that it 's one point of view on this issue . 
  it 's a comedy show about current events , not a political essay . 
  that 's not necessarily a lie , though . 
  it 's a complicated statistical issue that upsets some people for some reason when it 's brought up . 
   i liked x , until he said something i disagreed with on a very specific and trivial topic . 
  like clockwork . 
  is n't there a possibility of labour forming a coalition with two smaller parties ? 
  wow , that 's some truly horrible copy . 
  because r/europe is made up of a lot of different people with different opinions ? 
  right , but as it stands , there 's no reason to assume it has anything to do with muslim immigrants , and that 's how it 's often framed . 
  it did n't get invaded , they merged . 
  well first of all , it 's the only logical explanation . 
  why else would there be such an anomaly ? 
  certain people like to claim the high statistics is due to muslim immigrants , but that does n't make sense : sweden 's muslim population is comparable in size to other european countries . 
  why would muslims in sweden get super rapy ? 
  i also read a research paper once that crunched the numbers and concluded that when taken all the factors in account , sweden is no different then it 's neighbouring countries . 
  i ca n't find it online right now though ( i know , super convenient ) . 
  ok , i forgot about that one . 
  as for the rapes in sweden , that 's a stupid internet meme that spun out of control . 
  sweden 's criminal system has broadest definition of rape in the world , and a very high propensity to report . 
  when corrected for these factors , sweden does not have significantly more rapes than other comparable countries . 
  austria is part of kfor and eufor , involved in yugoslavia , and has personnel in ukraine ,, 
  how many terror attacks have there been in sweden ? 
  the neutral foreign affairs policy probably does have something to do with it though . 
  it 's pretty ironic that this is all coming from someone who supports a guy who brags about sexual assault and wants to fuck his own daughter . 
  look kid . 
  one day you may be old enough to understand that sex and relationships come in many forms , some of which you may not like , and that 's fine , but it 's not your business when other consenting people do like it . 
  untill that time , maybe wait till you have sex yourself before you start judging others . 
  it 's legal and consensual , which means it 's nobody 's business but theirs . 
  detrimental to who , exactly ? 
  you 're the one objecting to a legal relationship between two consenting people . 
  so far , it 's never been the closeminded people who were on the right side of history . 
  i did . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/emmanuel_macron  they first met when he was a 15-year-old student in her class , and she was 39 , but were officially a couple only after he turned 17 . 
  age of consent in france is 15 . 
  by the time they got together she was no longer his teacher . 
  nothing wrong here . 
  that 's some strong arguments you 're presenting there . 
  they did n't have a relationship when he was 15 . 
  do n't get it twisted , son . 
  uh huh . 
  so when trump marries someone 24 years younger it 's fine , but when trogneux does it she 's a pedo ? 
  when they got together macron was an adult and she was divorced .
