  then please explain who 's going to pay for the pensions when your workforce has significantly decreased but you 've still got a shitload of old people who need to be fed ? 
  and the netherlands beat nobody :-d, 
  so you 're a homosexual ? 
   it 's somewhat similar to europe and america several decades ago . 
  being completely open about it can damage your career and increases chances you 'll get picked on in the street . 
  but it 's not that hard to find friends who will either support you or at least not care . 
  that 's not what i hear from progressive russians or what i see in the media . 
  homosexuals do n't just get `` picked on '' , they 're outright being * murdered * . 
  and maybe you can find friends in a place like moscow , but what if you live in a smaller town or village ? 
  i think it 's really easy to downplay the struggles of homosexuals if you do n't have to live their life . 
   it 's pretty much the same as that it 's very hard to find a believing jew that eats non-kosher food . 
  are you kidding me ? 
  how many jews do you actually know ? 
  i think you have a very high standard for what you would consider a living hell then . 
  if i had to constantly live in fear and not be able to freely be myself , i 'd call that a living hell . 
  ok , i 'm genuinely curious : how did you get the impression that i was telling you how to behave to in the correct way , or that anybody 's feelings were hurt , from my post ? 
  you do realise assuming is n't thinking ? 
  it 's quite often the opposite . 
  it 's a multiple party system . 
  there 's no such thing as `` winning '' and a significant growth in extremism is not something to celebrate . 
  ` how do british people socialise ? ', 
  do n't you have oktoberfest ? 
  what power ? 
  they rule the cities ? 
  well shit , better roll out my praying mat . 
  i 'm going to guess you 're not from a citu ? 
  meh , they 're just the bastard party and the complete bastard party . 
  hey , fry is nice !, 
  zap brannigan maybe ? 
   they have no intent to rule , because then their ideas would be shattered by our democracy . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  the sp has every intent to rule . 
  they rule locally in a lot of places , and certainly would n't mind ruling on the national level . 
  problem is , the one time they got considered to form a coalition by the pvda , the cda immediately blocked it . 
  it 's not their fault . 
  suck it , finland !, 
  no , that 's not what i 'm saying at all . 
  i was criticising one particular experiment . 
  not really . 
  the point people tend to make is that people start acting like this just because they 're being placed in a role of power over other people . 
  that 's not the case here , since they were being directed by an authority figure , and were aware that they were participating in an experiment . 
  the results were real , but it 's not like the participants completely acted like this because of their own nature . 
  what people often omit when discussing this experiment is that the head researcher * was right there with them * the whole time as a superintendent , directing the whole thing . 
  so the guards were under the guidance of an authority figure with a vested interest in getting interesting results , after having just invested a lot of time , energy and money into arranging the whole thing and building a fake prison . 
  that 's not a very good setting for objective measurements of human nature , is it ? 
  the whole thing had more resemblance to a reality tv show than a proper scientific experiment . 
  you know that story is completely overblown , right ? 
  ah , we call that `` stoelendans '' or `` chair dance '' over here . 
  you guys have a game called `` journey to jerusalem '' ? 
  i ask what evidence you have that she did that . 
  ok , why do you think she instigated and fabricated harassment ? 
  ok , so you doubt she was actually harassed ? 
  i 'm sorry , but is this your first day on the internet ? 
  people literally receive death threats for their opinion on star wars , but you do n't believe the person who was public enemy number one for a couple of days was harassed ? 
  ok , let 's back up for a second because we 're losing focus here . 
  what started off this whole thing , was that someone else complained that john oliver mentioned that quinn was the target of online harassment . 
  so here are my questions : - do you deny that quin was the target of serious online harassment ? 
  - if not , do you think that harassment was justified ? 
  no , i do n't get to decide why people get upset . 
  i do get to decide that it 's stupid . 
   you are simply wrong . 
  absolutely wrong . 
  like i said earlier , all your points are based on your own complete ignorance about the situation which you would rather keep intact than shed . 
  you keep saying i 'm ignorant , but fail to provide any facts why i would be wrong , nor are you able to refute my argumnts . 
  you 've resorted to shouting you 're wrong and you do n't get to decide that !, 
  is there even a single argument in your last post ? 
  i mean , seriously , you 're on the side of online harassment here . 
  unless the target is an actual monster , that 's already a pretty impossible position to defend . 
  i have read what you 've been saying , and i 've pointed out why it 's unconvincing . 
  you keep ignoring that . 
  you do n't address the fact that she did n't receive any * meaningful * coverage by having sex with anyone , that this is about obscure stuff nobody would otherwise have ever heard of or care about and has nothing to do with the gaming industry as a whole . 
  this was a private matter that a disgruntled ex threw online , and people jumped on it because everybody loves a good witch hunt . 
  harassing one lone indie developer rather than the companies where the actual money is , and then pretending after the fact that it 's all about integrity is hypocritical as fuck . 
  double so if you still try to justify online harassment years later because `` muh videogames '' . 
   and there we have it . 
  that is the difference between you and the people who give a shit about a multi-billion dollar industry that is deeply ingrained into our culture : even when you asked about it , you just did n't care . 
  we 're talking about an unknown developer who made a pretty much unknown indy game . 
  that has fuck-all to do with a multi billion dollar industry . 
  all the other shit you mentioned was after the fact and thus irrelevant . 
  if those people actually cared about that , they could 've started a hundred witch hunting campaigns years before against the many journalists and the big companies who bribe them , which has always been an open secret . 
  but for some reason , a woman making an obscure indy game becomes a target when her ex whines about her online . 
  gee , i wonder why . 
  i 'm sure it 's all about integrity in gaming jounalism . 
  i do n't care if quinn strangled puppies while soluting hitler . 
  the whole point is that this idiotic revolt had nothing to do with her supposed coverage by journalists . 
   you have given yourself the luxury of playing dumb because you are just not interested . 
  the irony is that you 've basically ignoted all the points i made . 
  and it 's true that i 'm not interested . 
  i think it 's just sad as hell , and shit like this is the reason i stay away from gaming communities . 
  i do n't care what quinn may or may not have done . 
  the whole point of the conversation was that a big group of idiots started a witch hunt over practically nothing . 
  you seriously believe the initial commotion over a virtually unknown person who made a virtually unknown text based game was justified ? 
  this whole conversation was about quinn . 
  why is it strange that i ask about her ? 
  i asked for an example of her getting favourable reviews by fucking guys . 
  since the internet was on fire over this for so long it must 've been quite big , yet the best example you can give me is an offhand mention in a tiny obscure article ? 
  what does that have to do with getting favourable coverage by fucking journalists ? 
  i do n't believe that . 
  and if i had to go out and protest every injustice i 'd starve to death . 
  buddy , that study said the mean salary for women was higher .
