man , would n't it be hilarious if the anti-fascist movement would start dressing up as assassins in response ? 
  do these guys think of themselves as crusaders or something ? 
  what is this strange desert-like landscape ? 
  http://www.fietsenwandelweb.nl/images/pictures/2178c0f697b94005a67c929ebf435612.jpg it 's actually the soesterduinen in the netherlands , great place to hang out chill . 
  and caused a shit ton of radioactive waste to end up in the pacific ocean and the environment around fukshima . 
  there 's more to this disaster than short term deaths . 
  `` fuck the king ! '', 
  not everything needs a freaking got reference . 
  i 'm talking about the design , not the content . 
  i do n't know who designed these posters , but he/she should be fired . 
  godawful . 
  fist thing i thought of as well when i read it . 
  i like that it has a unicorn . 
   this is a great argument if you base the measure of my contribution to society on the money i make . 
  no , this is a valid argument in the context of brain drain , since the people we 're talking about are , by all probability , not highly educated . 
  did you even read the article or are you just really bad at sarcasm ? 
  this is about people who 're considered a burden on the state , because they rely on welfare too much . 
  how the hell is that brain-drain ? 
  i hardly know ` er !, 
  yes , these studies hinder the hard working politicians who 're trying to convince us that the whole country is going down the toilet . 
   apparently allah is pretty easy to dupe if you have a good lawyer . 
  so if the quran forbids you to drink alcohol , you 're allowed to stick a vodka-soaked tampon in your ass because you 're technically not drinking ? 
  `` yeah , so you give us your money and you do n't get anything in return , in accordance to your religious laws '' . 
  clever bank . 
  i liked the old one better . 
  cleaner design , less cluttered . 
  that 's more or less the law , is n't it ? 
  thing is , as an immigrant without much ( recognized ) education , you have very limited value in the job market . 
  if an employer can choose between a dutch speaker and a non-dutch speaker , who do you think he 'd pick ? 
  if you want immigrants to be anything other than welfare-pits , they need to learn the language . 
  this video is over three years old . 
  this law is six years old . 
  why post this ? 
  well yeah , exactly . 
  i applaud the principle of the eu . 
  i just dislike how highly dysfunctional it is . 
  what if you like europe , but do n't like the eu ? 
   racism on black coloured people isnt prevalent in the netherlands . 
  im going to take a wild guess that you yourself are not a coloured person . 
  i considered it , but i did n't want to dignify his bullshit with a long reply . 
  seeing as he 's already deleted both his account and his original reply , that was n't a bad decision . 
  obvious troll is obvious . 
   62.6 % according to your link , let 's not play the game where latinos/hispanics suddenly count as white . 
  they look pretty damn white to me . 
   in terms of diminishing size of `` white territory '' , if you will , the us is certainly being lost over time . 
   but it 's a `` melting pot '' , so no one 's allowed to complain ... why would you complain ? 
  what the hell does a person 's skin colour matter ? 
   do as i said , and protest for more immigration in africa and asia . 
  are you claiming there 's no ethnic diversity in africa and asia ? 
  are you saying there 's , for instance , no difference between ethiopians and morroccons ? 
  and between han chinese and mongolians ? 
   the swedes have lost their country , its just a matter of a few years before the swedes are a minority . 
  yes , the swedes are forcibly being kicked out of their land by the 100.000-500 .000 muslims in their country , or you know , 1-5 % of the population . 
   white americans have also lost the us . 
  oh you mean that continent that white people stole from the natives ? 
  how exactly have they lost it , when it 's roughly 75 % white : http://quickfacts.census.gov/qfd/states/00000.html, 
  has it crossed your mind that literally everyone could be a potential terrorist ? 
  i think it was on ketnet a lot longer than on dutch tv , so i guess most dutch kids watched the belgian version . 
  hands up if the genie in the bottle episode literally gave you nightmares . 
  that was actually the flemish title , if i recall correctly . 
  the dutch version was called `` het wakkere woud '' . 
  so we 're simply not going to account for the brand of the beer , where it 's bought ( supermarket/pub/restaurant / etc. 
  ) , and the size ( what the hell is `` a beer '' ? ) . 
  yeah , great research there . 
  still . 
  i 'm an illustrator by profession , and this is just bad . 
  wow , are greeks mutants or something ? 
  that arm makes no sense . 
   what is the meaning of life ? 
   what is your purpose in life ? 
  to seek the holy grail . 
   why have the netherlands never won the world cup ? 
  we usually find a way to blame it on the germans . 
  i 'm not questioning that . 
  but is n't it plausible for god to have set evolution in motion , which eventually resulted in man ? 
  you ca n't fault the prophet for simplifying it a bit : it 'd be a hell of a job to teach evolution theory to early medieval arabs , in verse no less . 
  that way scientific fact and faith do n't need to contradict one another . 
  just my thoughts , though i 'm not religious myself . 
  well the original question was hardly phrased as complex and multilayered , was it ? 
  what if god created the ape ? 
  i 'm kind of missing the part in this article that says the roma themselves also need to get their shit together . 
  i know it 's a cimplex issue but the author makes it seem like roma do n't have any agency at all . 
  you do realise there 's a difference between forgetting the past and not bearing a grudge towards people that have nothing to do with that past , other than their nationality ? 
  why would i pay for streaming service x instead when i 'm already paying streaming service y ? 
  because x is the only one with that show i want to see . 
  if a streaming service ca n't differentiate , then nobody would subscribe to them . 
  there is no ` they ' . 
  you 're talking about competing companies . 
  it 's not like they have a common strategy to get content to the masses , they just want to make as much money as possible , which is only possible through exclusive licenses . 
   have you done stupid fucking shit at 13 ? 
  yes , i 've done stupid shit . 
  i did n't pretend to be raped though . 
  that 's a whole other level of fucked up . 
  and by ` own risk ' he means deductable . 
  he is . 
  read his comment history . 
  you should really look up some footage from the months following 9/11 . 
  people were scared shitless . 
  maybe . 
  in the meantime we 're still stuck with a huge generation that 's entitled to state pensions .
