  yeah but i read through the thread on / r/combatfootage and the arguement seem pretty reasoned . 
  there 's one photo that captures the photographer in a trench scene , showing it is obviously staged . 
  i mean , this photographer takes photos of soldiers holding children while their buddies take covering positions , so i do n't think he 's trying to pretend very hard that they are all legit . 
  the photo experts dismissing these pictures are saying they are staged , not shopped , from what i 've seen . 
  c ) you find a man who had his fingers cut off in a machining accident , you put blood on his face and take a staged photo because that is close enough and isis do things like that anyway, 
  tbh , a staged photo is even less authentic in the context of war photography . 
  so you 're saying that turkey needs it 's conflict barriers with syria and iran ? 
  that 's funny , i thought you 'd glad to be rid of them with a stable buffer state . 
  would n't it be better to not be as important militarily if it meant less islamic terrorists entering from syria and attacking ankara ? 
  i normally like to complain about the catholic grip on ireland but now that i realise i 've been missing a holiday i feel like i 've been cheated . 
  the evidence of bias is not intangible ... the collusion i referenced was over a complaint by sander 's that the clinton campaign had excessive access to democrat funding look , read the shoes article on the email leak , there 's plenty of info around . 
  i do n't think we 're going to convince each other at this stage . 
  ok , i have n't followed assange on clinton that closely , so maybe you 're right . 
  i would point out that assange has made outrageous claims about his leaks before , and i think it 's about creating hype . 
  i disagree with your strongly about the emails . 
  they showed that the dnc did not act impartially but more than that , there were emails discussing response to sander 's claim of bias that were sent from clinton 's lawyers giving instructions to the dnc on how to respond . 
  not the same source i read before as it 's not as detailed but includes what i 'm talking about : http://edition.cnn.com/2016/07/24/politics/dnc-email-leak-wikileaks/, 
  i think some of the emails posted very clearly indicate collusion between the dnc and clinton 's campaign team . 
  sandra has been talking about it all through his campaign , the pity is this info did n't come out until he had already lost . 
  again , you 're trying to imply that assange is doing what he 's doing to get trump elected , but i think he 's definately just doing it to keep up the relevance of wikileaks , just like any news organisation would jump on a big story that lands on their lap . 
  it would make absolutely no sense for him to sit on this , even if it is supplied by russian hackers who want to damage clinton . 
  wait , i thought we were talking about snowden . 
  in either case , i doubt they are trying to get trump elected . 
  assange will just release info if he gets it , and if it rocks the american establishment then all the better . 
  snowden will just talk about what he thinks right in the world of data security and whatever else he 's interested in . 
  nowhere of them is obligated to play all real politik and conceal clinton 's corruption in order to keep trump out the whitehouse, 
  more 's the pity . 
  but do n't blame julian because he does n't hold onto the info until he has equal dirt on republicans . 
  why would you expect him to be so fair ? 
  it 's not even like any american media is made to be politically unbiased . 
  here 's obviously going to be anti clinton as she 's just a direct continuation of obama 's policies which include increasing the power of spying agencies and prosecuting whistleblowers for treason . 
  there is absolutely no need of putin 's influence for him to be anti clinton . 
  he does n't find info . 
  people submit it to him . 
  if you care so much , go hack the rnc and then shoot him an email . 
  yaya , you 're such an enlightened liberal . 
  authoritarianism is separate to economic philosophy . 
  for example , america is typically far right economically , but it is not hugely authoritarian . 
  you might see it as a shift towards the far right ( or far left ? ), 
  if the us started shooting occupy wall street protesters but really it would just be a shift towards authoritarianism . 
  which is a known crock of shit, 
  changing it from scottish to irish ruins the joke because willie is so obviously scottish, 
  it 's like not paying your home insurance because you know that if your home ever catches alight , the insurance will only cover the cost of your sofa , and you would have been wasting money like a dickhead, 
  \u00bf que ? 
  what do you mean ? 
  i do n't deny it . 
  turkey trying to blame yanks for the coup is the latest example , if you want to count them as european . 
  the americans just make up stuff about europe whenever they need to make a point , so i doubt actual policy has much bearing on what they think, 
  they said they found evidence of `` cosy bear '' and `` fancy bear '' hacking the dnc , and that these hacking groups are known to them and understood to be run by russian agencies . 
  i do n't think it 's all made up . 
  by who ? 
  unless farage had become prime minister , how would it have happened ? 
  he was the dipshit who called this referendum . 
  he did it so he could win the election , so you 'd think he had a lot of responsibility to actually win the bloody thing . 
  i think the guardian is very good as both a british and international news organisation . 
  you just have a lot of shit , too . 
  by the way , did you hear about micheal gove 's wife sending an email out to the public mistakenly ? 
  it was basically about making sure he had a good job lined up before supporting borris , but what i thought was funny was that she was worried borris does n't have the favour of rupert murdoch ... another example of the excessive power that man has . 
  except corbyn has had problems with shadow cabinet minister resigning ( in smaller numbers ) in the past , before the referendum was an issue . 
  they 've always been trying to topple him , this is just the largest consorted effort . 
  why is everyone joining in now ? 
  well maybe some of them are disappointed with the election handling but i agree with the people saying this is just a stick to beat him with . 
  i some read articles about the labour parliamentary party meeting recently and they were directly attacking him for being `` unelectable '' . 
  this is the same complaint they 've always had . 
  this is why i do n't buy the referendum as the real cause of the coup . 
  the resignation of cameron has signaled that there may be an election soon so they are desperate to get rid of him before then . 
  fucking english are so useless, 
  man , the cia just funded death squads in other countries so nobody could say they were slaughtering communist sympathisers in south america but we all know the blood was on their hands . 
  i once made an italian girl cry by asking for her thoughts on berlusconi, 
  kasparov wrote as much in the guardian but it was a really poor piece . 
  his point was basically that the british should vote no , because that would annoy putin , and therefore that must be good for the world at large and the people of britain . 
  they seem to whip him out whenever they want to conjure up old fears of the soviet union cause he can say he lived there and all that . 
  do people in italy say jaysus ? 
  it 's probably because your milk is gross like all non irish milk . 
  i 'm still hoping the eu makes apple pay us billions in backtaxes . 
  they ca n't even blame us for that !, 
  really though , would n't it make more sense for international companies to pay tax on the profit they make in a country , to that country ? 
  ah so , reading comprehension, 
  oh wow , i never picked up on that . 
  would n't call sam vimes a minor character though , his stories are some of my favorites !, 
  though now , i 'm conflicted ... 
  which character ? 
  i do n't really doubt it either . 
  it was such a terrible and unessesary blunder on his part that i can see why people are in disbelief ( although i cant see too many of them on this sub ) but he 's very capable of such stupid moves . 
  still , i think it 's reasonable to wait for proof because this war has been such a shit show for lying to or just misleading the public on all sides . 
  i guess all modern wars are . 
  you mean chemical weapons stockpile . 
  yeah , seems reasoned . 
  i 'll wait to see the evidence myself . 
  yeah , i largely agree with all that . 
  so do think there is any point , moral or otherwise , in pushing for sanctions against russia for supporting assad ? 
  assad has been crushing it recently . 
  retaking aleppo was a huge hurdle and after he managed that , it because obvious that he will defeat the rebels in time . 
  that is why the west is pushing so hard for a diplomatic solution now . 
  the longer they wait , the more ground the rebels lose and the weaker their position in arguing that assad must go . 
  they were n't pushing so hard for a diplomatic solution before the russians joined and it appeared that the rebels were winning . 
  you 're so blinkered that you think any criticism of western imperialism equals unquestioned support for russia . 
  here 's your fallacy for you : false dichotomy . 
  maybe you 're upbringing has locked you into cold war thinking , where you 're either with the yankies or the ruskies . 
  the extremists who used human shields are the guys you call `` moderate rebels '' .
