  http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/middle-east/aleppo-crisis-latest-rebel-assad-blame-un-lack-evacuations-a7374081.html they really are n't as moderate people like to pretend . 
  they still behead their enemies and want an islamic syria . 
  they behaeaded a palestinian child on camera , ffs . 
  they were proud of that action . 
  http://www.bbc.com/news/world-middle-east-36835678 i would never say i 'm in favour of assad , he 's done some terrible things . 
  i still think him remaining in control is what 's best for syria , perhaps with some form of devolved power . 
  otherwise i think shiites and christians in the country will face some heavy ethnic cleansing under a new , unstable regime . 
  i do n't really care about the minutia of the power plays at the moment . 
  obviously chemical weapons are terrible , but it 's simply a lever in the hand of people like boris who are looking for some way to oust assad . 
  russia are clearly not trying to draw out the war , they are trying to end it decisively in assad 's favour . 
  your assessment seems pretty absurd , though it applies better to the ukrainian conflict . 
  it 's completely disingenuous for the west ( or for russia ) to claim that their goal is to end the war as soon as possible . 
  the war would have been over 4 years ago if the west had n't started giving the rebels anti tank weaponry . 
  then it would have ended in the rebels favour a year or so ago if russia hand ' t intervened . 
  nobody in this scenario simply wanted the war to end for those poor syrian people . 
  they wanted their supported faction in charge when the dust settled . 
  we view russia 's actions clearly , let 's do the same with our own . 
  bring peace , my ass . 
  we 've ( well not ireland , but you 've ) been supporting islamic extremists who use civilians as human shields . 
  i do n't see why britain can take the moral high ground . 
  i do n't see a viable alternative to assad proposed either . 
  will you just let it devolve into another lawless middle eastern country with various hardline islamist factions controlling their own section ? 
  you really do n't have a great track record on this sort of stuff, 
  what the hell do you want to happen in syria ? 
  is anyone thinking that far ahead ? 
  are we just planning on leaving it like lybia and calling it a day ? 
  the sanctions are n't to do with crimea , boris wants to apply sanctions because russia is supporting assad . 
  why not ? 
  if he 's a leftist or something then it 's very concievable . 
  wow , this comment section has russians criticizing russia and americans criticizing america . 
  how refreshing . 
  yeah , i agree with your point . 
  american propaganda is different in style to russia 's and i 've been trying to work out how . 
  maybe where the russians outright lie under the direction of the state , the american news agencies steamroll the truth into whatever shape narrative they want to match the fervour of the times and the wishes of their owners . 
  still , i can think of examples of the reverse so i 'm not sure . 
  i heartily disagree . 
  lidl sweets are better ( since aldi dropped milk mice ) . 
  also , as a cycling and garden enthusiast , lidl has better seasonal offers . 
  aldi gets too much tech stuff in , and who wants tech from aldi ? 
  i 'm in ireland and lidl is way better, 
  yes , i was decrying this terrible system . 
  half of dublin is renting sub standard for inflated prices . 
  i rent private and it 's a terribly maintained old house that lets all the heat out . 
  the social housing queue is a mile long here but the places tend to be pretty good if you can get them . 
  our rental market is hugely in favour of landlords right now , so you ca n't just move out and find a better place unless you 're able to pay twice as much . 
  that is easy for a romanian . 
  i 'm sure an indian can tell where in india his fellow brown people are from . 
  can probably tell what curry they like , too . 
  personally , i ca n't tell a romanian from a roma and we definitely do n't want any of them , so i think we should just check passports and decide based on that . 
  it can be good to visit if you have some incredibly rare condition and shit tons of money , but fuck trying to run a country with that system, 
  yeah , but we do n't know which families do that so we 're just going to ban all romanians , ok ? 
  socialising housing makes a lot more sense than socialising most industries , so yes, 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's not, 
  oh , i do n't know . 
  they make it work in singapore, 
  did n't a load of londoners petition khan for it , though ? 
  i think there are a fair few people who think london would work better as an independent city state . 
  would you let london leave if they wanted to ? 
  yeah , i 'm pretty surprised may chose to listen to those yobbos above all others, 
  we 're too damn flat is what it is, 
  that 's a silly arguement . 
  we do n't want europe to race to the bottom in competing for fdi . 
  i say this as an irish person , and we 're your tax haven buddies . 
  big ol' mountains, 
  so either people in crimea have changed their minds or they are scared of expressing ukrainian sentiment by telephone poll now that the fsb are around . 
  i 'm not sure . 
  i could believe that . 
  do you have a source ? 
  i do n't know where you are getting your numbers but the majority of crimeans seem happy with the situation . 
  does n't matter , independently conducted polls of the people show they clearly want to be part of russia . 
  this [ article ] ( http://www.forbes.com/sites/kenrapoza/2015/03/20/one-year-after-russia-annexed-crimea-locals-prefer-moscow-to-kiev/#25aa5bba5951 ) links to two such polls . 
  people never ever mention polls in these debates about crimea . 
  i would still like to see some polls to back up your claims, 
  look , i agree that we ca n't let russia or israel or any other country just say territory belongs to them and annex it but you go too far in the same direction ( on an opposing side ) when you start taking about `` rightful owners '' of land . 
  there is no such thing for territory . 
  all land has been conquered and reconquered so many times , all we can do is say `` let 's leave everything as it is now '' . 
  even if land can have a rightful owner , then the ukrainian ownership of crimea is a terrible example . 
  the land has historically been part of russia and i 've heard no stories of crimeans calling out to be counted as ukrainian . 
  we 're not sticking with that name , i 'll tell you that for sure !, 
  if you thought derry was a touchy subject ... 
  it 's pretty close, 
  ca n't really see any catholic-protestant divide in this image . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_carbon_dioxide_emissions_per_capita this does n't imply that it is counted that way . 
  northern irish unionists love israel , because they see a parallel between the occupation of palestine and their own situation as a foothold of britain in ireland . 
  conversely , northern irish nationalists put up palestinian flags . 
  i 'm not sure which side picked their alligience first , but the other side picked theirs purely in reaction . 
  so yeah , your experience is n't surprising at all . 
  give northern ireland back to the irish !, 
  wait no , that 's a good idea . 
  i know you germans wear the pants and all that but i predict that irish meps will be fighting pretty hard for some decent trade deal with britain, 
  how the hell are we going to manage , though ? 
  britain is our biggest trading partner . 
  well fuck . 
  we trade like ... half our things with britain, 
  how do they know ? 
  repeal the 8th !, 
  space, 
  it sure would , buddy , it sure would . 
  so you 're not really disagreeing with the comment above at all , given that he was only talking about their militarism ... 
  i think the bacteria is generally due to that water people in places like india use to wash their vegetables , not the veg itself .
