  am i missing something ? 
  the generals for germany during ww1 were the most impressive , imo . 
  nazis definitely did not consider slavs to be real people . 
  did n't the belgians have a load of things like this too ? 
  i 'd heard they gave the germans unexpected amounts of trouble during ww1 . 
  did n't stand up against long range heavy artillery , sadly . 
  who are you going to shoot at when there is a dense crowd of people blocking your way ? 
  gon na shoot your way through them ? 
  or shoot towards the screaming and hope it hits everyone doing the molestation ? 
  think about it . 
  riot sticks would be a much more sensible solution here . 
  it 's a silly thing to judge either of them on , tbh . 
  there are much more significant issues that could be brought up , like putin having the leader of the opposition killed in a drive by shooting or erdogan escalating tensions with the turkey kurdish as a way to undermine opposition parties ( leading to `` chaos '' ) . 
  pretty bored of the plane thing at this stage . 
  the article is saying that their profits are growing so much that the tax rate is always behind . 
  therefore , you probably ca n't say what they pay in an average year as it 's increasing rapidly . 
  i hope they get forced to pay billions in back taxes to us and the government buys everyone ipads in celebration . 
  the russians had their shit wrecked by the khans too !, 
  or is that an analogy ? 
  i do n't think it would be a fair one , because being in the mongol horde was probably a lot better than being outside it . 
  the wealth was spread around , and all that . 
  those poor fucking soviets were trapped between one psycho who wanted to exterminate them so his favoured race could move into their land , and another who was so paranoid he 'd send them and their families to die in siberia for absolutely no reason . 
  how can people not sympathise with the russians ? 
  so do the vietnamese , it seems, 
  putin has a higher rating in vietnam . 
  what did they say of obama ? 
  i doubt they 've been doing that for centuries . 
  personally i 'm sympathetic to the russia until stalin comes to power , after which i 'm very sympathetic to russians but not their rulers . 
  actually , fuck the tsars too . 
  we prob should n't have teased them with the prospect causing that big civil war yolk , so . 
  oh , well then i completely agree wit ya, 
  the other fella is being pretty vague , though . 
  he 's saying we 've known that `` people are radicalised in mosques '' but we 've been looking the other way . 
  what should be done with this piece of info , if finding out which mosques and raiding them is not enough ? 
  yeah , but they did n't know which mosques to raid until they got this info . 
  do you think they were aware there were people training jihadis at these particular mosques but they decided not to do anything about it until now ? 
  did n't ww1 come about because russia was willing to go to war for serbia and germany was willing to go to war for austria/hungary ? 
  do people in serbia feel anything towards russian for that ? 
  do you think state sponsored violence is a legit possibility ? 
  my perspective was that erdogan seemed to be trying to sew the divisions in turkey further in the run up to the elections . 
  do you think that 's fair ? 
  do you mean he would have been killed for saying the pkk are n't terrorists or you think it 's something else ? 
  i know people have been talking a lot of smack about turkey recently so i do n't wan na sound ignorant . 
  what did he get assassinated for ? 
  i read this : http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/nov/29/thousands-gather-to-mourn-kurdish-lawyer-gunned-down-in-turkey the kurdish representatives they get for quotes in these articles always seem to think that it is state sponsored violence upon their community . 
  did n't a prominent kurdish lawyer just get assassinated the other day ? 
  i 've heard a few stories of kurdish rallies being bombed and similar in recent months , but have n't heard of any recent attacks by the pkk . 
  is that my media being biased ? 
  i heard about a few shootouts with police before the elections but it seemed like that was in police raids . 
  his point was that christianity has been equally bloody on historical timescales , not that christians are evil and muslims are peace loving . 
  he was making a counterpoint to all the people who think we 've been such a bunch of gentle lambs compared to muslims . 
  why are you being an absolutist about it ? 
  fences might not stop the problem entirely but they obviously do something , i.e. 
  stem the flow . 
  people are less likely to wander through with pregnant women and young children if there is a fence in the way . 
  haha , you win in my books , turkish man . 
  it 's one of the many examples of when merely categorizing tendencies as left or right does n't work . 
  fiscal conservatives would generally be against foreign wars , as would anti-imperialist left wingers . 
  globalist liberals and neoconservatives are all about projecting power around the world . 
  it 's our meps . 
  give me an example of a geoplotical situation in the last 10 years in which we might have used our eu military and we could hash out some of the negative implications . 
  irlande - nil points, 
  what 's stopping you ? 
  you just have to tear up your documents when you arrive and throw yourself on the mercy of the asylum system ? 
  it 's probably not a good idea , but it 's definitely possible . 
  it 's still too early , god dammit !, 
  shit , the vast vast majority of greeks had nothing to do with their country 's meltdown . 
  the british are far more responsible for brexit than the greeks were for their crisis . 
  i always think it 's most appropriate when someone from the same country calls bullshit in / r/europe, 
  race you to full abortion rights , poland . 
  things are heating up over here , too . 
  repeal the 8th !, 
  probably cheaper than a load of migrants , if you think about it, 
  yes , i think it is entirely coincidental the rt has a relatively high consumption in britain , and the british people voted for something that putin would like . 
  unless you can tell me that rupert murdoch is in putin 's pocket , there is absolutely no way i would buy your theory , because that 's the real guy who caused the leave vote . 
  haha , i think they meant science, 
  i wish a group of chavs would beat the shit out of rupert murdoch . 
  that would be an ironic way for him to finally go . 
  he should have called an election in that case, 
  i do n't think that 's what 's going on exactly . 
  i 'm not an expert either and it 's not like the full info is freely available but the sparknotes as far as i know are : ireland only taxes profits generated in ireland from multinationals based here . 
  apple find that they structured all their shots as subsidiaries or something , they could move all profits from elsewhere in europe to ireland without paying tax in those countries . 
  because of ireland 's rule ( and some other wierd tax junk ) apple can then move all european profits to an office that is not based in any country and pay no tax on it . 
  why are you insinuating that apple is in this situation because it did n't understand tax law ? 
  they understood perfectly the double irish loophole they could use to avoid paying tax on all european profits except the irish profits . 
  whether or not you think ireland should get the back tax , ireland has clearly avoided tax on these billions so of course they should pay . 
  call us back when you 're # 1 ( per capita ) , baby, 
  source ? 
  guy is reading a transcript , i take it, 
  yeah , but they 're hardly designed for colder weather than you get in france ... 
  man , you all assume burqas are oppressively hot but people wear them in the middle east where summers are far hotter . 
  loose fitting robes are cool because they keep the sun from heating your skin . 
  if it 's a reenactment of a real event with the same people then i have less trouble with it . 
  i would still think it is highly unethical for a photographer to not label a reenactment as such , but whatever , that 's not the arguement of this thread . 
  the fact that `` things like this '' happen is not a good enough reason , imo . 
  i do n't even know that things like that do happen . 
  maybe real soldiers would drop their comrade on the ground and duck into a ditch in this scenario . 
  it they were reenacting a real event to put a picture with an article , i would n't object so much ( though i would n't `` ooo '' and `` aww '' over the photo ) . 
  it 's like those videos of that `` badass '' russian officer who does n't flinch at shells and even picks up bits of hot shrapnel . 
  very impressive if real but not if the video is faked , even if he might do the same thing in a real scenario , because he also might not , who knows ?
