they claim to have shown a picture from his facebook where he had identified himself as a member of al-nusra, 
  people want to see them on their knees , humbly begging for assistance . 
  they think the refugees are all uppity ingrates . 
  i guess it 's basically about looking down on them . 
  what 's the deal ? 
  just marry a chinese girl and your ancestors can still be `` direct descendants of the first people of these islands '' . 
  that 's the way we 've done it everytime we 've had settlers , and i 'm very glad for it too . 
  we would have been some inbred fucks if we did n't have some viking or norman mixed in there every so often . 
  `` ireland will do more : ` dead bodies of young children on the shores of europe -- we ca n't let that lie ' . 
  minister brendan howlin has indicated that ireland will take in more than its allocated 600 people . '', 
  http://www.thejournal.ie/syrian-boy-ireland-migrant-crisis-2307863-sep2015/ hopefully we are going to be compassionate . 
  these guys are n't just migrants , they are genuine asylum seekers . 
  how do you know ? 
  how do you know ? 
  thanks , i was hoping someone would come along to blast my poorly informed cynicism, 
  you say that , but look at this map of the countries that recognise the state of palestine . 
  https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/08/palestine_recognition_only.svg you can see that it is the `` western world '' that denies them , including all of europe bar some former soviet block ones and sweden . 
  we obviously are n't so different from the north americans in our official attitudes . 
  i liked all the info at the bottom of the article . 
  good on the bbc . 
  this sort of article really rekindles my sympathy for the migrants when i 've forgotten how hard their lives are and can only think of the inconvenience to us . 
  the company was hacked . 
  there 's no point complaining about privacy concerns unless the hack was done by a government body or something . 
  i do n't understand how you can relate this to people not wanting the government to monitor all communication . 
  i saw david cameron 's dad mentioned as having a panama shell company . 
  that 's pretty spicy , right ? 
  i do n't follow you . 
  i pay a fair amount of money for internet access with vodafone , and then i suppose some of my taxes go to government investments in the countrywide infrastructure . 
  it does n't make me entitled if i ask that my emails remain private . 
  when i said free communication , i meant free from spying . 
  i did n't mean to bring money into it . 
  they both have a bitter root . 
  but i guess i misjudged , anyway . 
  you 're applying absolutist logic to this . 
  i 'm not going to argue that neither governments nor any private companies should have any idea of who i am or what i do . 
  i just think we should have access to private communication when we wish . 
  people self censor depending on who they know it 's listening , or whether their speech can be linked to them . 
  free communication is nice , i have a soft spot for it and i think it deserves to be defended . 
  i do n't think the free market will kill it , because there is a clear demand and we are seeing companies respond to this already . 
  well yeah , your views on privacy are so cynical . 
  it does n't really sound like you 're too happy about your vision of the future . 
  wow , i 'm impressed by how vitriolic you are . 
  i do n't think i can muster the energy to match you . 
  i do n't know what will happen in the future but i do n't agree with your prediction . 
  i might seem callous in regards to terrorist attacks . 
  i think that they are terribly tragic , but at the same time think people like yourself go too far in your emotional response . 
  that 's mad . 
  have you no desire for privacy at all in your life ? 
  would you ever pour your heart into a love letter if you knew a government agent was going to scan it over ? 
  it seems like a lot to make every person in your country give up to possibly help avoid a few terrorist attacks . 
  i 'd be pretty pissed if some clerk sent by the king insisted on scanning all my letters before i sent them on the pigeon , yeah . 
  would you shoot down all carrier pigeons coming out of your own city to check there were no spies among you ? 
  he 's doing a reversal on the fox news/trump meme of many european cities and countries not being safe . 
  they need to build some mental institutions because many of those homeless guys seem clinically insane . 
  it 's pretty sad . 
  wow , that 's terrible . 
  is there any free media left in turkey ? 
  are people worried about the censorship situation ? 
  in what regard do you mean ? 
  i was not saying that eastern europe is shit , btw . 
  i said that hateful attitude makes a place shitty to be , shitty to visit , etc. 
  i can tell you that the people here are generally very friendly to strangers , and i really just do n't want that to change . 
  yeah , and it makes the place a shithole . 
  that guy was just a scientist trying to take a holiday . 
  i do n't want the rest of europe to become like that . 
  those shitty hostile vibes to outsiders are exactly why i would n't bother visiting many muslim countries . 
  ah yeah , but if people like my indian coworker are getting harassed by drunkards on the streets of dresden for looking vaguely similar to an arab , then it is a sign of a downward trend in europe . 
  i 'm in agreement with closing borders and all that . 
  the whole backlash thing is still an issue , though . 
  what ? 
  are severed heads common in amsterdam ? 
  yeah , i was going to mention that as a reason why they would n't want to be too hasty with the arrests this time around . 
  i think they 've finally realised that going in hard is not going to solve the problem . 
  even if they do , do n't they have to find proof ? 
  i imagine it works the same way as for drug cartels . 
  i 'm not from northern ireland , though . 
  really ? 
  the way i read it , he 's being charged for statutory rape so consent does n't matter . 
  yeah , it 's pretty shit . 
  i did not know about this law , hopefully there will be some momentum to fix it now . 
  i highly doubt it was all the same people lauding stalin in 1930 and criticising the united states in 1970, 
  the wall wo n't help if the soldiers at the gates are being told by their corrupt officers to let is through . 
  maybe arrest the officers for treason as an example ? 
  i suppose it 's unclear what they 're actually doing from this transcript, 
  cool , thanks . 
  you 're very well prepared with your facts . 
  it 's actually 7 in 10 for turkey in that research . 
  i 'm surprised that someone would be so corrupt as to let terrorists in to blow up people in their own country . 
  is there a lot of sympathy for is along the syrian border ? 
  wow , thanks for the detailed answer . 
  would there be nothing specific to helping a group that has carried out terrorist acts in your country ? 
  would erdogan not be motivated/able to stamp it out if they are going so far as to let people in to blow up folks in ankara ? 
  why do n't you have a better security when you literally have is living next door ? 
  what would be the punishment for border guards shown to be colluding with is ? 
  yeah , but this conversation sprung from the idea of a genocide of white men , so they 're hardly being rigourous, 
  ah , you think he 's pulling false flags to boot ? 
  have the pkk denied responsibility for the attack ? 
  what the fuck ? 
  how did this guy get elected again ? 
  it 's so ridiculously absurd .
