  its advocacy officer piotr godzisz said it was too early to say whether attacks were on the increase . 
  [ * the guardian , june 11th * ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/jun/11/thousands-march-for-lgbti-rights-in-warsaw-amid-rising-hostility )  thousands march for lgbti rights in warsaw amid rising hostility the situation had changed overnight , what news did i miss ? 
  you do n't understand that this institution was just another chamber of parliament by design . 
  are you saying that these were instigated by pis ? 
  they are being told that communism is being reinstated . 
  they are in fear of the government confiscating their hard earned possessions . 
  yeah , it worked perfectly - for them . 
  others got chuj , dupa i kamieni kupa . 
  his right hand calls for premature elections just to grab the power from pis back . 
  ... only because some shamans told the khan not to attack ... 
  it makes you stand out from the crowd . 
  an outcast . 
  a terrorist . 
  yes , fb users can enable 2fa . 
  the point is that an immigration officer will be able to review your account prior to admitting a person to the us of a. 
  that 's an old design , the new one has norway attached . 
  `` shareholders '', 
  when norway erodes into the ocean , sweden will become the dick and finland - the ballsack . 
  how about [ the yugoslavian one ] ( https://youtu.be/i-td-zzbw6g ) ? 
  70 italian workers learned how much their romanian coworkers are paid . 
  everyone knows that there are no trees in iceland !, 
  in poland this song became a staple for the singer [ zbigniew wodecki ] ( https://pl.wikipedia.org/wiki/zbigniew_wodecki ) . 
  guesstimates , how nice . 
  count poland in . 
  the tolerant face of the western europe has just been revealed ... 
   i was very sceptical about him , but he is a star , not because of pr , because of things , that he actually did . 
  if he is not , than nobody is . 
  that was a very convincing argument , thank you . 
  it raises suspicion that not everything you 're being fed by the supposedly objective media is true , right ? 
  he has exceptionally good pr and it 's really difficult to judge not living in the city and not being able to pinpoint any improvements ( but i know that the `` famous '' floating roundabout still stands - or rather changes its position with every gust of the wind ... ) . 
  thus , let 's look at the city 's balance sheet . 
  the city was heavily indebted by his predecessor , thus biedro\u0144 has very little space to maneuver . 
  he managed to secure a subsidy from the central government in 2015 which helped the city and himself to avoid a looming bankruptcy and thus him being ousted . 
  as for 2016 , the debt is being repaid ( at a slow rate - it will take many years at this tempo ) , thus he seems to be a good mayor , but definitely not a shining star . 
  psst , please do n't ruin the world of the white knight ... 
  it 's not a popular song , but i remember [ this version ] ( https://youtu.be/1ibszeqjgu4 ) aired in a tv programme dedicated to the multicultural heritage of \u0141\u00f3d\u017a . 
  what ? 
  if you consider pis the descendants of pre-ww2 nationalists you clearly do n't understand what is happening in poland . 
  it 's a common perception where you only focus on aggressive articles from the likes of jan t. gross or american rabbis who present poles as being inherently antisemitic . 
  these focus on isolated incidents and stereotype them to the whole nation . 
  to be honest , this subreddit is biased - there is overrepresentation of poles who feel guilty/ashamed of what had happened/is happening in poland as they are oriented towards progressive agenda . 
  thus the frustration of their opponents . 
  that 's because the public in poland is extremely polarised . 
  this subreddit reflects it . 
  you should n't make any remark with regard to politics - you will be labelled either as a nazi/populist/right winger or a commie/leftist . 
  there is very little space left for discussion of contentious topics without following dogmas of right/conservative and left/progressive narratives . 
  it 's a charity turned into a political statement . 
  we have the vary same saying in poland . 
  voice recognition technology ... in a lift ... in scotland ? 
  neither is pis nationalist , but ... progressivists know better , it 's better to label them as the new nsdap , that way people do n't even consider their point of view . 
  riot . 
  the police then has a pretext to disperse the protest . 
  data as well ? 
  i thought that it will be gradual . 
  and all of this only happens after legislative path has been closed . 
  it seems that the pension fund did n't manage risk properly . 
  it 's a rant about pis not caring about polish citizens . 
  it starts with a journalist 's statement that pis does n't want medical marijuana to be grown in poland ( the mp is an ardent `` legalize '' supporter ) , to which he responds something along the lines of `` let 's import it from israel or india . 
  just like everything . 
  all factories were sold . 
  pis does n't care about polish patients just like it does n't care about polish economy . 
  that 's the logic of pis . 
  and [ here ] ( https://youtu.be/ivdmg_kntog ) is his most recognizable piece . 
  there 's an awful lot of factual errors in this piece . 
  for example , there were no pogroms in 1920s in poland . 
  i have an exercise for you : replace razem with pis and see what happens . 
  but the child deserves neither . 
  they did neither . 
   at least 10 people died of cold in poland . 
  it was 54 in this morning 's news . 
  apartments which are built in the city sell for considerably more then a house in suburbs . 
  however , owning a house increases costs in the long term . 
  these people need to drive to work , drive their kids to school , drive everywhere . 
  thus , they buy an old car ( because it 's cheap ) with a diesel engine ( so they will spend less on fuel ) and contribute to emissions even more . 
  hinkley point and flamanville are n't exactly encouraging examples ... 
  cars are not the root cause of these 800 % spikes . 
  they appear almost exclusively during night-time when it 's cold . 
  there 's not a lot of traffic on sunday morning . 
  not coal , but rubbish : plastic , rubber etc. 
  bih has double latin/cyrillic road signs . 
  i noticed that near croatian border the cyrillic names are crudely sprayed over with black paint . 
  i imagine the opposite to be the case near serbian border ( or generally in areas where serbs are a majority/which are considered ethnically serbian ) . 
   i should really try to learn it , but at the moment i can basically only say things that a 5 year old can : sladoled , jagoda , pivo etc. 
  a 5 year old can build quite complex word structures . 
  i think you meant a 2-3 year old . 
  do n't stop discussing social issues such as worker 's rights in favour of lgbt rights and refugees or else your ideas will be stolen and disfigured by pis . 
  that way you will become another green party , irrelevant and forsaken . 
  i also thought about voting for razem . 
  they seem to have put some effort into their proposal rather than cramming random promises into their manifesto and relying on pr stunts . 
  what put me off : - they are overly ideological to seriously compete . 
  families need a place to live , a guaranteed kindergartens for their kids and a stable workplace in order to start thinking about lgbt rights . 
  but their leaders are rich city kids which never faced issues which a statistical pole is facing . 
  - i do n't think that accumulation of wealth is an issue in poland . 
  anyone who can save any money in poland is razem 's enemy and must be taxed to death . 
  . nowoczesna was architected to gather what was left of po . 
  however , schetyna finally got hold of po chairman and would n't let go . 
  according to the polish leftist outlet , krytykapolityczna.pl , opposition propaganda outlet gazeta.pl and komitet obrony demokracji , it happened because of xenophobia and racism instigated by pis . 
  i joke you not . 
  it was not his business . 
  he ( the foreigner ) was just employed by a polish citizen .
