winnicki is clearly shown as a bad character , and the lector says that although he is not a member of pis , his ** tiny party ** shares many objectives with pis . 
  of course , these objectives are not named . 
  do you need more examples ? 
  in the opening the lector says '' ... nationalist goverment ... '' and pictures of rioting far right organisations / militias ( which are not affiliated with pis ) are shown - it 's a manipulation . 
  burning of the jew 's effigy , which is deemed to be a provocation ( a jew 's effigy on an anti-muslim rally ? 
  really ?!, 
  ) , was a single and isolated incident . 
  the person setting it on fire ( piotr rybak ) was said to have never been affiliated with nationalist movement . 
  my point is that pis are not nationalists . 
  the guys marching / rioting are not pis militias . 
  these are far right loonies . 
  they were a part of the former pis-dominated coalition . 
  strangely enough , their former leader is now speaking at the anti-pis rallies . 
  with regard to 1990s , people were actually being stabbed to death because of their nationality on both sides . 
  how was there no hostility on the streets towards foreigners ? 
  mr gra\u015b again , why i 'm not surprised . 
  you could be harassed/beaten up for looking any different in some areas . 
  are you a punk ? 
  an anarchist ? 
  a goth ? 
  a fan of a different football team ? 
  how old were you in the 1990s ? 
  it was much worse , people were being stabbed over the polish-german resentments . 
  it 's not . 
  the one-sided selection of people commenting on the events gives it right away . 
  there is absolutely no comparison to the 90 's , when naziskins and nationalists were on their rise . 
  you hit the nail on the head . 
  pis and the migrants . 
  they use cluster bombs . 
  unexploded ordnance can be as deadly and cumbersome to get rid of as landmines . 
  what `` this '' ? 
  nothing has happened !, 
  anything police can check : breathalyzer , paperwork , fire extinguisher , tires etc. 
  they will usually stop modded and/or very old cars more frequently . 
  how else could we opress homosexual vegan cyclists ? 
  their result was unexpectedly high thanks to their leader 's performance in the tv debate . 
  kaczy\u0144ski 's blamed for everything - check . 
  found a kod member . 
  yeah , right , these battle-proven generals [ know how to bomb the party ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/nangar_khel_incident ) . 
  you can always say you did it before it was cool whilst sipping flat white . 
  it 's czechy in polish and you said that you liked it ( in estonian it sounds the same ) . 
  btw , formal name of czechy is republika czeska in polish . 
  czeszka is a czech woman . 
  typical . 
  valid concerns being dismissed due to them not being in line with the progressive ideology . 
  october 2015 - kaczy\u0144ski warned that migrants might be a threat to public health ( in his usual , clumsy way - he is am antithesis of good pr management . ) . 
  [ he was immediately labelled as the new hitler by the progressive media in poland and abroad . 
  ] ( http://www.politico.eu/article/migrants-asylum-poland-kaczynski-election/ ) november 2015 - who concluded that [ `` the unprecedented influx of refugees , asylum-seekers and migrants to countries of the world health organization ( who ) european region poses a public health challenge that must be addressed in a timely , effective manner . 
  '' ] ( http://www.euro.who.int/en/health-topics/disease-prevention/vaccines-and-immunization/news/news/2015/11/who,-unicef-and-unhcr-call-for-equitable-access-to-vaccines-for-refugees-and-migrants/who-unhcr-unicef-joint-technical-guidance-general-principles-of-vaccination-of-refugees,-asylum-seekers-and-migrants-in-the-who-european-region ) . 
  not entirely , i 'm afraid . 
  however , covers of weekly magazines became ridiculuos during the last few years regardless of political option they represent . 
  so , did polish kill more jews than germans during wwii ? 
  corrected my statement now . 
  but it should be mentioned as the primary reason why gross is n't poland 's favorite . 
  your assumptions are wrong . 
  polish army fought alongside allies . 
  i do n't have figures at hand , but the effort was sizeable . 
  the underground polish army - ak killed 150000 german soldiers , gendarmes and collaborates in poland . 
  there were also partisans not affiliated with the government . 
  and there were also polish units in the soviet army . 
  this is not because of what he wrote about jedwabne . 
  these are the words which caused outrage in poland , and the guardian conveniently chooses to leave them out , mentioning unrelated changes to powers of ministry of justice instead . 
  manipulation at its best . 
  edit : it 's mentioned in the article . 
  it does n't make sense to focus on a single element of the tax system which is shockingly low/high for you . 
  a high base tax may be offset by tax exemptions and/or tax returns . 
  in poland , i keep 60 % of what my employer pays me . 
  or even less , as my employer pays some taxes before they are included in my gross salary ( i 'm talking about social insurance , social fund etc. ) . 
  then i pay vat ( it 's almost always 23 % - one of the highest in the eu ) and multiple others . 
  so , are the taxes low ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  it 's certainly not 15 % , like suggested above . 
  [ average wages ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_european_countries_by_average_wage ) : denmark 2683 eur - poland 728 eur - hungary 503 eur annual net income of a 2 +1 family where both parents work : denmark 38806 eur - poland 8278 eur - hungary 8196 eur the difference is more than enough to cover any difference in customer prices . 
  when it comes to buying cars , washing machines , computers , houses etc. 
  we are even more underprivileged . 
  when it comes to savings , most people in poland ca n't afford to save anything . 
  they spend all money by the end of each month and this is not due to their lavish lifestyles !, 
   things also cost a hell of a lot less what things specifically ? 
  we import almost everything from abroad ( our factories were sold for nothing to foreign companies . ), 
  then our governments as a hefty tax on top of it . 
  vat in poland and hungary is much higher than in western europe . 
  if you though about food , yes , probably . 
  but healthy food costs more than the 2nd class produce ( which did n't meet western standards . ), 
  pushed to us by tesco et al. 
   taxes are more reasonable ( if they exist at all ) you must have visited a fairy land , not eastern europe . 
  or you think about corporate taxes , from which most of the foreign companies are exempted from or are evading them . 
  they scammed a turkish producer by impersonating a supermarket chain . 
  the lot was worth at least 3,5 million pln . 
  what unions ? 
  in comparison to the western europe , unions in poland are toothless . 
  they are actively discouraged from forming in foreign manufacturing , logistics and shared services centres . 
  my company employs 2000 people in a single location yet there is not a single union . 
  there was a single attempt to form one , but it was quenched by dismissing those who tried . 
  also , the local legislation was changed to prevent non-permanent workers from joining unions . 
  there are places where 80 % off workers are on non-permanent contracts despite working same time as permanent workers . 
  reading your comment and the ones above it i immediately recognized the same issues i observed in poland . 
  in addition to manufacturing , we also have a lot of shared service centres , which are basically hubs employing students for very low wages doing simple jobs ( cold calling , copy-pasting data into reports etc. 
  there is a narrative that all of the influential judges and prosecutors were part of the communist judicial system . 
  the culture in the legal corporation does not allow young adepts to openly challenge opinion of older and more influential colleagues . 
  as judges and prosecutors were a part of the system , they wo n't allow any communist to be tried out of fear of being next ...
