  i replied before you edited your comment . 
  i do n't think so . 
  the neighbouring catholic cemetery was spared . 
  to be honest , it does not look bad . 
  desolate , yes , but quite picturesque . 
  jewish cemetery on the right bank side of vistula in warsaw was torn down by germans during ww2 . 
  the tombstones were used for paving roads and airfields . 
  which one ? 
  that would not be possible in poland . 
  legislation which allows judges ' and prosecutors ' tax statements to be published ( which was introduced only recently by pis . ), 
  was negatively received and protested as a tool of executive oppression against the judicative . 
  on a personal level - secrecy of pay is an important part of polish corporate culture . 
  most contracts actually prohibit employees to discuss their wages with colleagues . 
  this is a tool which allows implementation of divide et impera principle . 
  in these times , mentioning facts makes you a sexist ... 
  [ mazut ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mazut ) , probably . 
  as the head of the first feminist government in the world , is he going to speak about women rights ? 
  those , who invoke the hippocratic oath , should actually read it . 
  i was downvoted for quoting original text . 
  sweet . 
   i will use treatment to help the sick according to my ability and judgment , but never with a view to injury and wrong-doing . 
  neither will i administer a poison to anybody when asked to do so , nor will i suggest such a course . 
  similarly i will not give to a woman a pessary to cause abortion . 
  but there is an underground car parking ... you ca n't build anything on top because of unsolved ownership claims . 
  that 's why it 's so barren . 
  israeli jews do n't agree with you : https://youtu.be/ky3rdhh4h4o, 
  there is bias and there is extreme bias . 
  tvp and gazeta.pl are both extreme in their distorted presentation of reality . 
  if `` the journalists '' are making up stories just to back their narrative , something 's wrong , is n't it ? 
  on the other hand , stereotyping about eastern europeans is totally ok . 
  in poland , there are . 
  the media outlets here are extremely biased . 
  you 're so bubbling that you did n't even notice my flair . 
  i could not be a brexiter . 
  regardless of this , people who did not vote were neither pro nor contra and this was reflected during vote counting . 
  what rules you do n't understand ? 
  the crusade of the youth ( young folks ) is a different group which joined the crusade for the fatherland ( mostly old folks ) who protested behemoth for years . 
  the folks in the background are praying to god to forgive the sin of blasphemy commited by behemoth , a polish black metal band . 
  it became customary for fans to take pictures in front of the praying folks or even riducule and harass them . 
  oh yes , they were . 
  check your facts . 
  i 'm not simplyfying , just cutting crap of the users siding with progressive political parties . 
  that was a no-logo protest organised by a grassroots initiative . 
  the politicians which i mentioned use every chance they could grasp to build their image and damage the image ruling ones . 
  there is no discussion , just trying to win pure emotions of the crowd . 
  one of them got so carried away that she began to chant `` down with ** dictatorship of the women ** '' ... 
  using that logic , neither did over 70 % of the population vote for bremain . 
  that 's bullshit . 
  stick to the rules of the game even if you do n't like the result . 
  they only moved to this building earlier this year after signing a contract for 10 years ( [ source ] ( http://forsal.pl/artykuly/668682,frontex-przeniesie-swoja-siedzibe-do-warsaw-spire-najwyzszego-biurowca-warszawy.html ) ) . 
  previously they rented office space in a posh rondo 1 building . 
  money well spent !, 
  you can use a diesel-powered generator and cheat on emissions . 
  your initial protest gathered a handful of feminists and a representation of pro-life movement . 
  the protests on monday were organised on no-logo basis by dziewuchy dziewuchom , which is a grassrots initiative . 
  regardless of razem , there were lots of well-known speakers from po and . n which is a disgrace . 
  i 'm afraid that besides being gay and having very good pr he has little to offer . 
  every camp is so fond of themselves that they missed the real point - citizens organising themselves . 
  i 'm totally proud of the protestants however still disgusted by the politicians who wanted to capture it . 
  mhm , 1920s . 
  did you know that abortion was prohibited back then , my progressive friend ? 
  it was not about misogyny , but about dismissing validity of the protest . 
  pis officially is not supporting the project restricting abortion and pushes narrative that the leftist are fearmongering because it 's their only chance to get back onto the political scene ( the left do not have any representation in the current parliament ) . 
  just because the police could not determine the number not identities of the perpetrators does n't mean that it did n't happen . 
  any examples from the 20th or the 21st century ? 
  i do n't feel so . 
  this is merely an ngo project and pis ( as a political party g there are few hardcore fanatics among them , though ) does not push hard for it . 
  let 's see whether there will be a pis project and what does it propose . 
  do n't get so angry - they explained that they were scared about russians claiming back their share . 
  why ca n't you grasp the concept of the other side of the discussion ? 
  they believe that the life begins with conception , so when you fap it 's not a holocaust . 
  stability is what we need . 
  stability brings prosperity . 
  bodily autonomy of whom ? 
  there are two bodies involved at some point throughout pregnancy and we could n't decide what is this point . 
  did n't work out , did it ? 
  just like the allegations that nationalists are going to attack the activists . 
  german media did n't say a word about the rape of cologne until it became an open secret . 
  we chose to leave the path of the progress . 
  tss , backwards eastern europe !, 
  what is the point ? 
  everyone knows that they ca n't influence poland regarding abortion laws . 
  i do n't support abortion ban , but was appaled by such blackmail . 
  the valid protest is being turned into politics and man-hate . 
  i think that joanna scheuring-wielgus stole the prize today . 
  she called to `` put dictatorship of women to an end '' until she was corrected by her prompter . 
  her party is a string of failures :d, 
  seeing a perfectly logical conclusion downvoted in the name progressivism makes me a sad panda . 
  religious fanatism is a thing - progressive fanatism as well . 
  well , mentioning areas when men are underprivileged always gets feminists angry . 
  are n't they after equality ? 
  if you protest a hypothetical law , they can also protest a proposed one ( pis declared that they will reinstate the old rules . 
  long exposure does not equal photoshop . 
  i was under impression that you were trying to say that colours in the milky way are faked using photoshop . 
  i can assure you that they are not . 
  you will see colours . 
  try fast wide lens and long exposures in a remote location , you 'll be amazed . 
  downvoted for stating the inconvenient truth . 
   the loss of polish citizenship is possible only after obtaining approval from the president of the republic of poland for the renunciation of polish citizenship . 
  that 's the tricky part .
