  this has been denied by the police . 
  allegedly , another guy threw a firecracker after the altercation had started . 
  one of the scenarios which are being considered by the prosecutor is that the polish guy snatched a beverage and started to run away . 
  he was then chased by arab guys and slaughtered in a street . 
  except he did n't , as the police report reads ... 
  same happens if the police kills a homie . 
  it 's the us vs. them mentality which prevails among the underclass . 
  if a knife is drawn , it 's not a brawl anymore . 
  lots of downvotes ... 
  i wonder why ? 
  even if the document is real , it comes from russian pathologists who swapped bodies when putting them in coffins ( i think that 8 of 12 exhumed bodies were positively identified by families but the coffins had a different body in it . ), 
  and sewn foreign objects such as cigarette butts in them . 
  much of the support for pis comes from those who oppose them being ridiculed in a crude manner . 
  this helps to build their narrative of the evil foreign powers attempting to crush the only government which follows nation interest . 
  sounds obvious . 
  care to elaborate what capabilities are needed ? 
  representation of the people act it 's a law . 
  as in `` rule of law '' . 
  the `` polish folk song '' which `` is in straight polish '' is actually in kashubian ... https://pl.wikipedia.org/wiki/kaszubskie_nuty, 
  the following joke comes to my mind : a soviet general is briefed by a spy : - a us army soldier consumes 4000 kcal every day . 
  - that 's bullshit , comrade , nobody can eat 20 kg of potatoes on daily basis !, 
  money was not a problem ( mostly ) , the availability of goods was . 
  please read [ this comment ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/513099/_/d79cnmr?context=1000 ) for a good explanation . 
  some context : 1982 , i.e. 
  during the martial law . 
  it was the only way to procure food . 
  shops only stocked vinegar and pickled gherkins . 
  when there was a shipment of anything , people formed lines and stood for hours just to procure goods which they could then trade for others . 
  unlike angela merkel in nazi uniform ... 
  you ca n't run away from a problem . 
  you have to face it instead . 
  if you want a change , lead by example . 
  do you think that your society is racist ? 
  meet your friends `` of colour '' in a cafe , restaurant , school , anywhere . 
  do n't insist that they 're special or deserve anything extra ; treat them as equals and demand everyone to treat them so . 
  do you see kids unable to cooperate ? 
  teach them how to cooperate . 
  show them that they do n't need to compete in each and every situation . 
  remember , both world wars and communism have deprived our societies . 
  it was forced to rely on basic instincts in order to survive . 
  as a side note : i had no idea of life when i was 15 . 
  yet i hated my society . 
  at 25 , i had an opportunity to travel around europe and began to notice that there are no perfect countries , no perfect societies . 
  nobody has a monopoly of being right . 
  i understood that we should learn from each other and treat each other with respect . 
  at 35 , i started to understand why my society is what it is : you ca n't request much from people who barely make ends meet ( it sounds marxist , i know . ) . 
  they ca n't embrace the idea of being in control of their future , it only exists in their dreams . 
  on the other hand , they are so deluded by these dreams that they ca n't enjoy the present . 
  they only have the past and the dreams of the future ( which often is a kind of a delusion of grandeur . ) . 
  that 's why they are not relaxed , angry and rooted in the past . 
  update : opposition clings to yet another opportunity to get attention . 
  mass hysteria ensues fuelled by the loyal media . 
  they ca n't do anything in accordance with the law . 
  that 's the result of 8 years of doing nothing while being in power . 
  i did n't know about j\u00f3zef pi\u0142sudski 's croatian antics ... 
  unimi\u0119s was caught red-handed exporting salmonella-contamined poultry meat to czechia and slovakia last year . 
  animex has recently had a huge self-reported incident this year where they removed a lot of meat produce from polish shops due to antibiotic contamination . 
  almost all their brands were impacted . 
  but i that it is not specific to polish food - the advisories show that italian and croat meat was contaminated as well . 
  it is just the `` beauty '' of mass production . 
  you actually must take effort to find a good quality food and be able to afford it in today 's world . 
  it seems to be a polish tradition . 
  his predecessor participated in a similar gala ( fakt is another polish tabloid ) in 2013 . 
  rampant polish nationalism on display !, 
  actually , it 's not quite a 1933 * fackelmarsch * which the progressive media pictured . 
  it can be clearly seen that there are multiple factions , the radical organisations are in minority . 
  no mass hysteria , no jew lynching . 
  an isolated case of a supposedly ukrainian flag being burnt is under investigation . 
  i heard that hungary was right-leaning . 
  so , there is a park . 
  behind the park there is a dalmatian house . 
  behind the dalmatian house there is st. jacob 's cathedral . 
  it ca n't be , everyone knows that poland is backward catholic and xenophobic . 
  well , that might be some kind of ... pride ? 
  but i do n't know for sure as i am not one of them . 
  besides that , all i ca n't see is gay pride display ( which seems to be cheered here ) rather than christian pride display ( which seems to be frowned upon here ) . 
  well , if your knowledge of the world is based on porn ... 
  it sucks . 
  look at your big brother - germans love cash . 
  this comment is so german ... 
  i always wonder what 's in the mind of people who need to publicly announce that they like to suck dicks like the gentlemen in the upper part of the photo . 
  til thank you !, 
  what if they have been brought up in a culture of political correctness ? 
  bwahaha [ this article ] ( http://wiadomosci.radiozet.pl/swiat/polacy-skazani-w-anglii-za-handel-ludzmi-i-niewolnictwo ) directly mentions them as `` men of polish citizenship '' and refers to [ that article ] ( https://m.onet.pl/biznes/branze,6s0t6 ) which warns about roma gangs in the uk . 
  it 's also a home to one of the largest goth music festivals in europe , the castle party . 
  [ izraelski klub wycofa\u0142 oskar\u017cenia w stosunku do kibic\u00f3w legii warszawa ] ( http://www.rmf24.pl/sport/news-izraelski-klub-wycofal-oskarzenia-w-stosunku-do-kibicow-legi,nid,2425820 ) so , the israeli club officially revoked the accusation against legia warszawa . 
  but you 're not going to read about it in gazeta.pl . 
  rojava , the leftists ' dream `` new society '' . 
  the banner clearly reads `` 1944 '' . 
  yep , all `` 15-20 '' of them . 
  that 's true , but the opinion which prevails among consumers of mainstream media is that all football hooligans after just nazis waiting for kaczy\u0144ski 's signal to attack homovegan cyclists . 
  i know that there is a certain overlap between nationalists and football hooligans but this narrative completely ignores for example hooligans ' ties with organised crime , which everyone seems to forget . 
  got any proof ? 
  i 've learnt that media sensationalize their content ; shock value has priority over facts . 
  i 'm trying to establish whether white supremacists are indeed the majority of ultras or whether they 're just a faction with no decisive voice . 
  i 'm not going to argue that white supremacists are non-existent in this environment . 
  bragadaccio is something they ca n't be denied . 
   `` we have observed a further rise since summer 2015 , higher than the official numbers suggest , '' she told dw . 
  ahh , these guys and their self-proclaimed `` statistics '' . 
  they count in anything they please .
