  also , the government ( the interior minister himself , as referred to in the source article ) said previously that the intelligence was not aware of any threat at the time , thus it came as a complete surprise . 
  this man got caught by pure chance and that 's worrying . 
  fakt is a tabloid , thus i 'd be careful when presenting it as a reliable source . 
  this is very important and worrying news indeed . 
  no explosives were seized and there is a possibility that this man 's accomplices are still at large . 
  as mentioned previously , hundreds of thousands of pilgrims will be attending multiple events during the next few days . 
  it used to be so in poland until recently . 
  people are genuinely scared that old eu countries will cherry pick immigrants and send the ill-fitting ones to poland . 
  `` defend yourselves against the muslim horde ! '', 
  starts to prevail - this is largely fuelled by the terrorist attacks in the old eu . 
  i expect gun crime ratio to rise shortly , mostly of the `` one guy shooting another in result of an argument '' type . 
  it 's not about free speech , it 's about controlling the masses . 
  again , this it 's not completely accurate . 
  you do n't go to jail , the prosecution must actually prove that you do n't pay on purpose , you avoid work etc. 
  there are multiple ways to dodge this , for example you can pay a small amount every now and than by saying that you are a contractor who does not get much work ( mateusz kijowski 's example ) . 
  in reality , you work for a friend who signs invoices with his/her name , leave in `` his/her '' home , drive `` his/her '' car etc. 
  wrong , it 's not the old vs. the young . 
  in communist poland abortion was legal and the majority of today 's grandmas had at least one . 
  there is still discussion between the youngsters of whether abortion should be legal or not and in which circumstances . 
   many public services usually encourage them to get permament safe sex option for free it 's illegal in poland , yet there are tales of doctors deliberately damaging fallopian tubes during c-section when an alcoholic mother gives her 6th birth etc. 
   not paying for child support = absolute prison sentence ( only exclusion in law when it comes to money problems ) . 
  girl gets money from state even if dad does n't pay . 
  this is incorrect . 
  kids can only receive money from the state if the family is below certain income quota . 
  and the non-paying parent does not always go to prison , see mateusz kijowski , the leader of kod ... 
  `` fakt '' and `` super express '' are poland 's tabloids . 
  re gay marriage , our constitution defines marriage as ia bond of a man and a woman . 
  yet the progressive forces are defending this constitution . 
  i think that marriage should be abolished . 
  it does not serve any purpose in today 's society . 
  the police . 
  tvp . 
  no , i did n't . 
  i meant potus . 
  hold your horses , hothead . 
  i did not write this . 
  i 'm saying that germans have a growing problem with nationalism on their own soil , yet they act if nationalism was unique to the `` backward '' eastern europe . 
  i 'm almost sure that at some point they 'll return to the 1950s rhetoric . 
  i used the future tense . 
  let 's see how germany tackles rising popularity of afd . 
  so what ? 
  he is so 1990s . 
  poles of today know that liberal economy wo n't save them . 
  the point is , most regard him as an authority , the pope of democracy . 
  i view it as po crime against their own values . 
  ofe was modelled after the failed chilean project . 
  it is now being killed by pis . 
  i think that it will be relevant again . 
  the `` end of history '' fable has fallen . 
  the compromise is between 40k and 50k, 
  what if trump was elected potus and did lecture poland ? 
  should we listen to him ? 
  https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/25/kas-oder-neisse-linie-bild-7458-1.jpg is n't cdu a ruling party now ? 
  it might have been 900k, 
  so what they 're useful for if they can not defend citizens from being fucked over by a political party which gains enough votes to push through their legislation ? 
  see article 2 of the constitution , maybe that 'll clear a bit my stance . 
  most of people only watch the evebing news , which all of these run . 
  my german is a bit rusty , but these are the basics . 
  besides that , few of these people do know what the tribunal even is . 
  they hate pis , that 's all . 
  they 're fueled by certain media outlets . 
  last time they spiralled their hate campaign it ended in anti-pis loonie shooting a pis mp aidee . 
  this only helps pis to `` claim back their share '' , they feel entitled to do so . 
  he only knows what his advisors told him . 
  most of them are briefed by radek sikorski . 
  source : wikileaks, 
  the guys marching will defend their gurus balcerowicz and petru who say that junk contracts are the pinnacle of the free market . 
  yet they ( the marching crowds ) did n't say a word when tusk robbed the retirement fund to fix the balance sheet . 
  did you see them or read about them in die zeit ? 
  just asking , because they reported 250,000 marching , but later on their polish counterparts ( gazeta wyborcza ) backpedalled by saying there were rather 50,000 . 
  i 'd call them conservative . 
  50,000 people in a 2 million city is n't that much ( plus all the people bussed from the country to warsaw by platforma obywatelska et consortes ) . 
  unless you still believe in `` the quarter of a million '' fable . 
  even gazeta wyborcza denounced it . 
  so , they did not intervene when the pension fund was robbed by tusk . 
  neither they did when the retirement age was unilaterally heightened . 
  they were nothing but an extension of the parliament , just check the way they were elected and the current setup of the tribunal . 
  the real problem is that they replace flawed laws with their own flawed laws . 
  they have unique chance to fix the flaws ( which they say that they recognise ) yet they seem to be still busy with rewarding their followers and not paying enough attention to revamp the laws in an appropriate manner . 
  a screw is loose ? 
  bang it with a hammer until it goes all the way in ... 
  the goal of each and every political party is to be in power , is n't it ? 
  always the same argument ... that 's how the democracy works in poland . 
  pis won presidential and parliamentary elections and thus has the majority of votes in sejm , senat and the president . 
  all of these are about how eu is supposed to bring peace to the world and fix all its problems . 
  on the other hand , i remember [ soviet books where lenin was the hero who helped kids and animals ] ( http://librarything-svetlana.blogspot.com/2012/10/vladimir-lenin-and-alyonka.html ) ... 
  these look creepily similar . 
  so , it 's just marketing materials ? 
  is n't this a bit nonsensical if only a handful of insiders know about it ? 
  in poland we have a web portal for the homeless which has next to no visitors but costed shit ton of money . 
  many argue that these money could have been better spent by redirecting it to ngos which actually help these people instead of transferring public money to commercial companies . 
  it 's called the sense of decency . 
  hitler was very impressed with pi\u0142sudski . 
  pi\u0142sudski was primarily afraid of sovier russia . 
  he became very concerned about germany after the treaty of locarno . 
  after hitler 's rise to power , alarmed about about the russo-german vice poland was in , he proposed the french to wage a preemptive war against germany in 1933 . 
  france refused it twice . 
  hitler , conscious about the fragile condition of the 3rd reich at that moment , proposed a 10-year non-aggression pact . 
   seeing as france was occupied by germany at the time vichy france was actually the non-occupied part . 
  [ * the guardian , june 10th * ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/jun/10/warsaw-equality-parade-poland-record-turnout-expected )  the campaign group lambda has taken down its warsaw city centre rainbow flag after a window was smashed .
