  that 's why controlling the parliament gives you most of the control over the whole state . 
  in the past - yes . 
  this week - no . 
  yes , you can : http://www.justinngphoto.com/2014/05/16/how-i-photograph-the-milky-way-from-light-polluted-skies-of-singapore/, 
  why is this downvoted ? 
  i think that 's because going to ussr was much cheaper than going to a non-soviet bloc country ( you did n't have to pay in hard currency . 
  the inquest only began this monday and concluded today . 
  they ca n't . 
  we all know who was he referring to . 
  unia demokratyczna was social liberal , unia wolno\u015bci - less so , platforma obywatelska is best described as indifferent/opportunist . 
  pis has amassed all the power in democratic way . 
  this is an unprecedented situation , all previous governments were supported by parliamentary coalitions . 
  they largely relied on pr stunts and avoiding necessary reforms to survive until subsequent elections - panem et circenses , basically . 
  pis have all the required power and are excellent in pointing at what 's wrong with the state . 
  however , they appointed mostly incompetent lunatics or opportunists who fuck up everything they touch . 
  the only exception is economy , they appointed a technocrate whose role is to ensure that there is economic growth and the common people are profiting from that growth . 
  pis invaded all non-elected institutions of the state ( e.g. 
  state run companies ) to supposedly ensure that all is run according to the master plan . 
  previous governments treated them just as fiefs , using them to appease coalition parties . 
  i 'd say it 's patronising . 
  then what , guillotine all guilty of supporting pis and beneficiaries of 500 + ? 
  remove their voting rights ? 
  if you only take into account non-fringe political parties - yes . 
  a polish children 's movie . 
  and a cult song for weed smokers :d, 
  cross ? 
  southern europe will need to consider exchanging their veggie / fruit farms for solar farms in the very near future . 
  ukraine has the biggest lng reservoirs in the world . 
  yet they need to be refilled from time to time . 
  this is to give you a taste of how the opposition feels like - titles left to right , top to bottom : * when you 'll stand before ziobro 's ( minister of justice ) court . 
  a cheat sheet for a twenty year old * you 'll be doing time because of macierewicz ( minister of defence ) . 
  we ask tomasz pi\u0105tek ( the author of the book which accuses antoni macierewicz of being a russian agent ) * do n't get accustomed to the evil ( interview with martin pollack ) * wake up !, 
  let 's stop coup d'etat * it stinks horribly . 
  do n't let us suffocate !, 
   hungary sees a new pipeline for russian gas as the `` only realistic '' step toward energy diversification now so , it 's either russian or ... russian ? 
  i 'm confused now . 
  not to mention that ussr administered these territories for a considerable amount of time which allowed them to dismantle and rob anything of value ( e.g. 
  shipyards in stettin ) . 
  it 's all fun and games until the resources end . 
  after the 2008 crisis everyone started to pull the sheets towards themselves . 
  the point is - will it work in poland ? 
  i think that in the current set up there are several doubts about this . 
  i can see where pis is coming from but do n't think it 's the best way forward . 
  it 's like disengaging autopilot - it can only work if you have a competent person to take over steering . 
  how will you guarantee that each and every minister from now on is competent enough ? 
  you need checks and balances , and there are not too many . 
  poland became autocratic , not semi-fascist . 
  fascists were imprisoned in bereza , so were communists and ukrainian nationalists . 
  this happened after a period of unrest and terrorist attacks against the polish state ( which is quite ironic because pi\u0142sudski et al resorted to terror themselves when poland was occupied during the partition period . 
  that 's what led to its demise , not what sparked the 1917 revolution and led to the rule of terror . 
  ussr was not run by conservatives and it turned out bad . 
  power hungry people are what 's bad . 
  no , they were n't . 
  the dismissal of the currently appointed judges is something which can be against the constitution . 
  also , there 's `` little something '' which is omitted from the article - judges in accordance with the new law must adjust their verdicts to christian values . 
  [ sweden blamed poland ] ( https://www.thelocal.se/20170130/stockholm-registers-air-pollution-as-bad-as-beijing ) for polluting their capital 's air . 
  they were looking in the request . 
  i can file a request saying that aliens have abducted me , it must be `` looked into '' in order to be dismissed . 
  and regarding the investigations - these begin with a request or an evidence being found ( e.g. 
  a dead body ) rather than a book being published . 
  you can write such a request on your own and it must be considered . 
  that 's because poland is polluting your airspace !, 
  macierewicz has filed a request . 
  this does not mean that pi\u0105tek will be prosecuted . 
  hate - check this country - check, 
  kernkraft ftw, 
  it 's there a picture of him in leprechaun 's costume ? 
  i 'd love to see it !, 
  ... a german household or a russian museum . 
  buddhists tend to be vegetarians , do n't they ? 
  i could be a christian . 
  only if you can prove that you 're atheists . 
  yup , they may have looked like dwarves when they were carrying this ridiculuosly oversized coin . 
  there will be no child out of a gay marriage . 
  you can adopt malta . 
  except a dna-based marker wo n't survive melting of a coin ... 
  with the use of a wheelbarrow which was found near train tracks along with a ladder . 
  well , `` polish death camps '' are a thing . 
  it 's morphing . 
  it was cool in the 1990 's ( oh , the amiga nostalgia ... ) . 
  conscription is a different thing . 
  when army is mobilised in case of war , every able bodied man can be called to arms . 
  if you dig a bit into sources , you 'll see that the jews in poland became quite patriotic in wake of ww2 . 
  perhaps they felt helpless as few countries accepted jewish refugees ( you had to actually buy a visa and most of the polish jews were extremely poor . 
  ) , so they had to fight . 
  the notable exception are the jewish leftists - they are the ones who fled to ussr only to return as commissars and murdered their political opponents . 
   the ussr and the us had to help they joined the war only after they had been attacked themselves . 
  ussr was actually 3rd reich 's ally ( as seen on the op 's map . 
  ) , hitler decided to attack them because of resources they possessed . 
  on the other hand , percentage-wise , there were as many jews in the polish army as there were jews living in poland and they were loyal to poland . 
  a book `` pakt ribbentrop-beck '' which was published few years ago caused such stir . 
  it strongly criticised the alliance with the uk and france and suggested that poland should have sought an alliance with 3rd reich in order to wage a war against ussr . 
  it also fantasized that after defeating ussr poland should have switched sides and killed off the 3rd reich . 
  in fact , poland offered france to launch a joint preemptive strike on the 3rd reich . 
  france refused , twice . 
  it 's a reward . 
  someone ruined their safe space . 
  that 's whataboutism . 
  [ i see what you did there . 
  ] ( https://media.treehugger.com/assets/images/2012/10/winking-tarsier.jpg.696x0_q70_crop-smart.jpg ),
