  not only pis mps voted in favour of not trashing this project . 
  there were mps from supposedly progressive parties who voted in accord with a fair share of pis mps . 
  in poland you ca n't give up your citizenship . 
  manipulation 101 : how to take someone 's quote out of context . 
  gee , they really are after `` improving '' their nation 's genetic pool . 
  first forced sterilisation , now this ... 
  it seems that the migrants are hot potatoes rather than doctors and engineers , right , frau merkel ? 
  the other party ca n't imagine woman controlling the new life in her womb . 
  because we ca n't provide an answer to question `` when does life begin ? '', 
  which satisfies everyone . 
  it 's not as easy dilemma as both extremes try to make you believe . 
  similar to voting for far left . 
  extremes are extreme . 
  you clearly do n't understand what happened in poland . 
  first and foremost , judges are elected for a 9-year-term and they ca n't be reelected , so there 's no possibility of anyone being on the bench since 1980 's . 
  nobody was removed , just the opposite - the previous parliament elected too many of them , hoping that it would compensate them for losing general election . 
  the crisis started when the new president decided not to swear in not only the surplus ones , but the whole batch . 
  boris is khazar in origin , not slavic . 
  he specialises in history of polish-german relations . 
   the person is noteworthy . 
  `` hey , janusz , see that bearded guy in the back ? 
  he was editor-in-chief of `` m\u00f3wi\u0105 wieki '' ( a well-known polish historical journal ) . 
  i do n't dig his style . 
  let 's beat the crap out of him ! '', 
   she says that it was not rare to see german officer helping local populace escape before the soviet army that was feared as violent and barbarian by both sides at this stage of war . 
  it were n't soviets who commited atrocities after warsaw uprising , murdering thousands of people neigbourhood by neighbourhood then levelling the city . 
  go figure out , there are countless testimonies out there . 
  ethnicity plays secondary role here , there are also dagestani people among the wahhabists . 
  if i recognise correctly , wahhabists of both nations proclaimed a common caliphate once . 
  i know that boston is not europe , but ... who did boston marathon bombing ? 
  yesterday there were news about 4 chechens detained in poland because they actively supported isis when on polish soil . 
  dutch g sounds like clearing throat . 
  kavaliauskas - kowalewski - idk about polish meaning , but this one comes from `` kalvis '' - meaning `` blacksmith '' it 's exactly the same - `` kowal '' means `` blacksmith '' in polish . 
  as a person who lived during communist reign , in the transition period and in an emerging market country - i can only agree with every single word which you wrote . 
  each time i dare to point it out in this subreddit , i get downvoted to hell . 
  it 's easy to look down on `` backward eastern europe '' and say that we need to be thankful for eu funds without which we would have perished . 
  we made huge progress during the interbellum period and since 1989 till joining eu and now we 're repaying the funds which we receive by providing cheap labor and a relatively large market outlet to western european economies . 
  we could form a joint venture with china ... 
  and czechia in the middle . 
  ... then we take berlin !, 
  it does n't sound german . 
  there is certain likeness because of intonation which i believe to be typical for 1930s radio . 
  the person which was reading it was polish - https://pl.wikipedia.org/wiki/j%c3%b3zef_ma%c5%82gorzewski . 
  so , no pogroms in 1920s and 1930s . 
  please correct your statement . 
  imagine kids running towards you from behind each corner !, 
  unfortunately , that 's correct . 
  most of us remember passing through gypsy villages in romania on our way to black sea riviera ( a vacation of our dreams during communist times ) and being chased by half-naked kids begging for money and candy . 
  that 's where it comes from - such poverty was never to be seen anywhere in poland at the time . 
  conservatism is bound to tradition specific to a place and a time . 
  what are `` european standards '' ? 
  german ones ? 
  french ? 
  hungarian ? 
  polish ? 
  there 's plenty of them and the good thing in the eu is that you are free too choose as you wish . 
  razem is a totally new player . 
  pis uses all toolls it has to hand . 
  their goal is to reign past the current term of office and they need to appease voters of many denominations , including moderate nationalists . 
  during the reign of pis in warsaw , the tempo of reprivatisation was significantly slower - it could not have been halted due to the legal framework being in place . 
  the main accusation against civic platform ( po ) mayor is insufficient due diligence and that her husband had participated in the scheme . 
   look at poland 's pogroms against jews for example all during the 20 's and 30 's i 've only heard about the made-up ones during that period , could you elaborate , please ? 
  that 's a problem with polish law . 
  we inherited communist law framework and built upon it , creating many new acts ridden with loopholes and heavily influenced by lobbyists . 
  and western europeans still wonder why pis has won . 
  post-communists became largely perceived as corrupted due to series of scandals in 2004 , same happened to the progressive part of the post-solidarity movement in 2015 . 
  pis is thus the only major actor left in the polish political scene and represents the conservatives , not the nationalists which is the picture presented by the media in western europe . 
   ob\u00f3zy what 's this ? 
  remember , they like football , like donald tusk et consortes . 
  my favourite one in czech is * elektroodbyt * - a shop with electrical parts , but in polish * odbyt * means anus ... 
  ban any mention of eu meps like some french media do with terrorists !, 
  oh , you were trying hard . 
  we even exported [ an advisor ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/j%c3%b3zef_retinger ) . 
  he resigned and came back to europe in order to establish the eu and the bilderberg group . 
  paste the url into google search bar . 
  click the link to the wsj article which comes up first in the search results . 
  women are supposed to be treated equally to men , oder ... ? 
  that 's the definition of a frozen conflict . 
  shots being exchanged over the border every now and then , a heavier shelling every few months/years but no decisive offensive . 
  poland - according to / r/europe - is a police state . 
  tell me what 's good for me , again . 
  i 'm against any form of censorship . 
  they always mentioned the citizenship status . 
  they all flee to germany after a short rest in poland . 
  from : witold waszczykowski to : frank-walter steinmeier hi , could you let me know whether any polish citizens were among the victims of the new year 's eve events in cologne , please ? 
  i am aware that your office may not be in possession of this information , thus please feel free to forward my request to the appropriate office . 
  regards, 
   i 'm a reader and i never wanted to learn how a shooter looked or what was his name but i would want to know the shooters motive . 
  appearance and name often divulge heritage of a person . 
  is this something which needs to be hidden from the public ? 
  so , what laws about freedom of speech and art have you had in mind ? 
  it is likely that your sources will have to backpedal - again . 
  this is a classic straw man attempt . 
  what laws regarding freedom of press and arts ? 
  and , oh , the tribunal is not the highest court . 
  do your research and stop repeating bullshit . 
  germans just signalled that they had a number of leads to build confidence in their intelligence capacities . 
  i know a spanish guy who works on a farm . 
  he 's not picking the crops himself , but works in an oversight/expert role . 
  he really knows how to grow lettuce :d,
