growing up we used to joke about how people from further up the country are n't really people , but you know usually you grow out of it and stop . 
  how fucking dare you compare us med danskarna . 
  so you have absolutely no self control ? 
  are you trying really hard to be an asshole or does it just come naturally ? 
  i can just barely understand danish and norwegian though it 's sounds like someone trying to talk swedish with either a potato in their mouth ( danish ) or a mouthfull of porridge ( norwegian ) , it 's basically impossible for me to speak . 
  i understand english without any problems but have a bit of a problem speaking it , i mostly feel a bit awkward with my pronunciation . 
  spent 3 years learning french and then another 3 years learning spanish only to come to the conclusion that i have absolutely no gift for languages . 
  i only remember a couple of words of french and studying your grammar was a living hell i tell you , a living hell . 
  when were our ancestors immigrants ? 
  we where the first ones to reach scandinavia , were n't we ? 
  and we colonised and conquered england outright , wait i did n't think of russia . 
  anyway i am getting so fucking tired of all this bullshit in the news about how great it is that we are taking all these immigrants and what a positive effect it will have on sweden , we really need more places like roseng\u00e5rd . 
  hey i 'm swedish too and although he is probably a sosse eller v\u00e4nsterparti asshole i 'm still offended over this huge generalisation that implies we are all assholes . 
  some of us are dicks instead . 
  how do you sink a norwegian submarine ? 
  you knock on the door . 
  how do you sink a danish submarine ? 
  you knock on the door , they will open the window and tell you they wo n't fall for it since they are n't as stupid as the norwegians . 
  skyrim for the nords !!!, 
  ulfric for high king !!!, 
  death to the aldmeri dominion !!, 
  the dunmer in windhelm are assholes . 
  edit : as has been pointed out a victory by either the empire or the stormcloaks is bad for the aldmer so the claim that it 's an aldmer plot and supporting the stormcloaks is bad is irrelevant since the aldmer only want the war to continue for as long as possible and a stormcloak victory is just as bad for them , if not more so , then an imperial victory . 
  really ? 
  are you really sure this is what you are going with ? 
  edit : do you mean the northern parts or sweden in general ? 
  just want to let you know that you are welcome back anytime , we miss you and would love some of that sweet sweet oil money . 
  they stole eastern sweden at the start of the nineteenth century , the bastards . 
  not really , i just brought it up as an example of how these debates usually degenerate into namecalling . 
  they do n't belong here because they are n't european and the reason they are n't is because they are illegals which means them being here is in itself a crime . 
  look at it like this , i would n't have a problem with these migrants if they actually had any marketable skills that would allow them to hold down a job i stead of immediately becoming a drain on our goverments . 
  it does n't help that many will refuse to integrate in our societies and keep on going with their traditions and prejudices and we will be expected to accept that by assholes because of multikulturalism . 
  fuck that . 
  i am so fucking tired of people immediately being called racist as soon as they bring the issues about our current immigration problems , that is no way to have a proper debate and only ends up exacerbating the problem since these people will eventually get pissed off enough to try to do something themselves and then you have giant shitstom of your own making to weather . 
  you mean the good old days when everything was right in the world ? 
  everything was going great till denmark-norway , poland-lithuania , russia and som german guys decided to gang up on us . 
  then when we trued to get over losing finland by taking over norway you just had to become independent . 
  the worst part is that none of you ever apologised . 
  i 've heard about that , could you tell me one ? 
  obviously, 
  yes but this sveriges gona be top-dog . 
  yes . 
  lets not be childish about it . 
  we shall fight you on the beaches and in the streets and we shall not yield an inch ... except for roseng\u00e5rd , you can have that place for free . 
  you have obviously never heard about the norway jokes . 
  norway jokes are an integral part of swedish humor where we mock norrbagarna by macking wild claims about just how stupid they are . 
  for example , do you know how to sink a norwegian submarine ? ... you knock on the door . 
  you have obviously never heard about the norway jokes . 
  norway jokes are an integral part of swedish humor where we mock norrbagarna by macking wild claims about just how stupid they are . 
  for example , do you know how to sink a norwegian submarine ? ... you knock on the door . 
  look at the flag , he 's scottish not finnish . 
  poor guy getting mistaken for a finne . 
  what are you smoking ? 
  but that 's hardly something that 's exlusively performed by imperialistic powers . 
  i never denied that we fucked up our neighbours during our wars . 
  edit : spelling, 
  we were n't really an empire , the swedish empire is simply the english name fore that specific timeperiod in swedish it 's called `` stormaktstiden '' literally the time of great power , we also did n't really have any colonies after one shortlived attempt that got stolen by the freaking dutch . 
  i feel like the question becomes what exactly is meant when someone says imperialist past , do they mean any country that has ever been in a position where it was more powerful than it 's neighbours and could dominate the surrounding areas ? 
  or does one mean the system of creating colonies like france and britain did where one takes these colonies raw materials to be used to enrich the colonial power ? 
  sweden 's guilty of the first but not the second . 
  edit : spelling, 
  hello , you called ? 
  hen really is n't a common word , most people do n't care about it or remember it exists , the only times i have heard it used is at university . 
  kasta sten i glashus - throwing rocks in a glass house ( accusing someone of doing something when you are guilty of something similar yourself ) han har tomtar p\u00e5 loftet - hes got gnomes in the attic ( he is n't right in the head ), 
  no mention of how kristoffer ii idiot policys of giving away land for quick cash to be spent on fruitless wars in germany and how this ended with denmark being owned by men only interested in getting their money back and after his death decide to try and sell the kingdom on an auction . 
  the only one interested was magnus ladul\u00e5s king of sweden and norway who bought sk\u00e5ne and blekinge , although these lands would later be stolen by kristoffers son valdemar atterdag who would also take this chance to steal other parts of the swedish kingdom . 
  in short : kristoffer ii was an idiot and valdemar atterdag a thief and bully , also sk\u00e5ne was n't stolen from denmark so much as retaken . 
  i highly doubt anyone forced them to work fields and mines while wipping the lazy and weak . 
  do n't you dare forgett the greatest bakelse ever , semlan . 
  stackare, 
  r\u00f6de orm ( known in english as the long ships ) by frans g. bengtsson . 
  it takes place during the late viking age and follows a young man named red snake who gets kidnapped by hostile vikings and made a member of the crew after having killed a crewmember after they tried to steal sheep from his familys farm . 
  he then becomes a galley slave , bodyguard for a spanish caliph ( and becomes muslim during this time ) and later he raids and pillages in france ( during which time he becomes christian ) . 
  it 's got lots of really dark humor , casual violence , plundering and the switching of religions for purely pragmatic purposes . 
  it 's a really great book that does n't moralise or try to make the main character have a morality that is acceptabel to a modern audience . 
  pretty please can you tell me what he wrote ? 
  i gots to know, 
  balle is swedish slang for penis/scrotum . 
  the committee 's chairman , christian ** langballe ** fnitter, 
  well we bought at an auction and then valdemar atterdag waltzes in and steals not only sk\u00e5ne but gotland . 
  so really we just took back what rightfully belonged to sverige . 
  suck it . 
  yeah it 's really beatiful , too bad it 's full of stockholmare . 
  when you have a tiny population it 's not realistic to simply rely on a profesional army to act as a deterrent against a nation like russia , we need conscription in order to make it as painful as possible to try and invade . 
  and we would gladly allow you to be again, 
  will a highfive cover it ? 
  i guess it 's that whole shebang about power corrupting and maybe also that already corrupt people will seek out power . 
  i would fuck over all of you in a heartbeat , but that feels like a reason to keep people like me out of politics , they need to be better than the rest of us . 
  i would nominate the traditional sport of `` kast med liten k\u00e4rring '' . 
  wanted to add a sketch about it but it seems to be the only robert gustavsson sketch not on youtube . 
  nono , lovable but stupid . 
  it will get done in a jiffy , all the descendants of the people we sent over to america in the 19th century will rise up and take control of the continent . 
  he will get dickpunched by tyr . 
  do n't you people remember that we created that country ? 
  they are in on it . 
  we have been planning this for the last couple centuries . 
  as if the russians could ever have defeated karl xii in battle , it was all a ploy to make you lower your guard before we start raiding and colonizing you again . 
  that 's just what we want you to think while we rebuild our longship fleets . 
  i have always thought that a state ruled by a truly enlightened despot that really put the interests of his subjects first is the ideal form of government . 
  this is never gon na happen though since people are at the end of the day selfserving , also power corrupts .
