for example , romas in transilvania look much more different than southern romas , who are very different from romanian non romas . 
  so , i do n't know about that . 
  it is a decent thing to do , but you wo n't find too much of that on the internet . 
  well , eu was crying that romania is racist , and that we should do more to integrate the roma people . 
  but then , thanks to the freedom of movement , they managed to spread across the eu . 
  and now countries are trying to kick them out , because they think `` gypsies '' can not be helped or integrated . 
  so , i do n't know how to answer your question . 
  i guess romania is the first one to be blamed . 
  then the eu . 
  joseph stalin was raised in a devout family . 
  stalin 's `` very religious '' mother named him after st. joseph , and wanted him to become a priest . 
  his father was a priest and young joseph spent five years in a greek orthodox seminary . 
  but stalin 's father beat him mercilessly , and stalin once described his childhood as having been `` raised in a poor priest-ridden household . '' perhaps this contributed to his decision to become a marxist revolutionary . 
  he then combines the teachings of the church with the totalitarian dogma to create a monstrosity . 
  after all , we remember the famous line when stalin interrupted churchill 's discussion about catholics : `` how many divisions does the pope of rome have ? '' . 
  in other words , how truly powerful is the pope ? 
  i do believe that religion and his upbringing played a part in transforming stalin into the monster that he later became . 
  although , karl marx did say in his economic and philosophical manuscripts that :  since the essentiality [ wesenhaftigkeit ] of man and nature , a man as the existence of nature for man and nature as the existence of man for man , has become practically and sensuously perceptible , the question of an alien being , being above nature and man -- a question which implies an admission of the unreality of nature and of man -- has become impossible in practice . 
  ** atheism , which is a denial of this unreality , no longer has any meaning , for atheism is a negation of god , through which negation it asserts the existence of man . 
  but socialism as such no longer needs such mediation ** . 
  its starting point is the theoretically and practically sensuous consciousness of man and of nature as essential beings . 
  it is the positive self-consciousness of man , no longer mediated through the abolition of religion , just as real life is positive reality no longer mediated through the abolition of private property , through communism . 
  communism is the act of positing as the negation of the negation , and is therefore a real phase , necessary for the next period of historical development , in the emancipation and recovery of mankind . 
  communism is the necessary form and the dynamic principle of the immediate future , but communism is not as such the goal of human development -- the form of human society . 
  i do n't know , i 'm just rambling at this point . 
  i 'm sad and tired over all of this bullshit . 
   sweden is one of the very best places to live on this planet . 
  definitely , but the lack of sun leads to all kinds of problems . 
  personally , i would n't choose to live there . 
   yes , they 're going through a tragedy today . 
  but that tragedy is not what sweden is . 
  these tragedies are going to keep happening , as we 've seen from the past several years , and i 'm afraid they 're going to change what each country truly is . 
  what does that have to do with anything ? 
  yes , romania is absolutely miserable , but also keep in mind that we 've only been a * democracy * for 27 years . 
  we 're plagued by corruption , poverty and sickness , and the same communists who took over from ceausescu . 
  thankfully , there are more options to choose from than just sweden or romania . 
  no problem . 
  i personally believe that getting rid of religion in the european union , along with a stronger emphasis on education , should take care of quite a lot of issues . 
  wait , what ? 
  i 'm a catholic now ? 
  curious , how did you come to that conclusion ? 
  so what ? 
  you people are afraid of speaking the truth , because you are terrified of being labeled as racists , xenophobes , islamophobes etc. 
  your politicians have failed you . 
  how much is `` too few '' out of the muslim population in the world , before we need to get worried ? 
   muslim radicals kill muslim in the population . 
  and if you 're gon na pull that ` islum has always been violent durr ' , you completely overlook christianities ' atrocities . 
  last i checked , all of these attackers were muslim , following islam . 
  they were n't shintoists or 7 ` th day adventists . 
  and yes , christianity has had its fair share of atrocities . 
  i never denied nor have i ever defended these acts . 
  so i am not entirely sure what you are trying to say . 
  although i agree , religion is truly great for our world . 
   but what is your point , if it is n't ` magical vetting ' , ` big brother overwatch ' , etc. ? 
  just to throw in random islam-hate ? 
  islam is inherently incompatible with the civilised world . 
  yes , i believe that these attacks are going to further the agenda of those in power who want a surveillance state , similar to the usa , and it 's going to work . 
  look at france for example . 
   let 's not forget all the interventions usa and us have done throughout the years in those areas . 
  what was it , hundreds of muslim civilians killed by american bombs in yemen ? 
  what was that ? 
  maybe hundreds of thousands of innocent people killed , millions of other people displaced thanks to the usa , france , uk , germany , italy etc. 
  iraq , afghanistan and libya sure are great countries nowadays . 
   straight up , they do not have the power to hurt our countries or our culture . 
  only you can do that . 
  yes , only we can do that . 
  by letting in millions of refugees who will never integrate , as proven by many immigrant/muslim communities in the european union , which are not integrated into their respective societies , and their children , who are also not wanting to integrate , and by accepting and tolerating islam , a religion which has the utmost respect for women , children , christians , atheists , homosexuals and other groups of people . 
  i do n't understand how you guys can be so delusional and blind ? 
  also to / u/onoff987  you do not seem to care about the victims at all , you just want to spread your message of hate , do n't you ? 
  you 're right , my apologies , i should n't spread * hate * . 
  i should change my facebook profile picture , use hashtags on twitter like #prayforstockholm and #unitedwestand , go light some candles and say a prayer , then go back to bed and hope everything is going to be alright . 
  until next week . 
  to / u/ahoga  take a moment to rethink your life you fucking idiot , show some respect . 
  why ? 
  how am i not showing respect ? 
  i 'm tired of these disgusting political correctness and virtue signalling . 
  showing respect for the victims , or not showing respect for the victims ( which is not the case here ) , wo n't stop the attacks and wo n't solve the main issues . 
  golly , how difficult was it to understand what i said ? 
  i 'm not talking about this single attack , i 'm talking about all of the issues in the european union when it comes to immigrants , refugees , muslims , islam , refusal to integrate etc. 
  were the parents integrated or were they secluded into a muslim community ? 
  why was their child radicalized ? 
  what happened ? 
  oh , so he was born of non immigrant parents ? 
  sorry , i did n't know . 
   with force . 
  yes , they 're going gently into the night . 
  you 're right . 
  my apologies . 
  i lied and generalised and stuff like that , things are actually looking pretty good . 
  just a few unfortunate bad apples in a basket . 
  shit happens . 
  i do n't know what you are trying to say ... one thing is certain though . 
  we need quality education in these shitty lands of ours . 
  make sure to step out of your safe space , before opening your stupid mouth . 
  but hey , if we deserved being bullied by these gypsies , then i guess everyone deserves being bullied . 
  hurray for bullying !, 
  i was also bullied by gypsies for no reason , just because they could do it . 
  and many others in school were too . 
  so if i am a fuckwit , you can go fuck yourself , buddy . 
   no one gives away free apartments .
