  the armenians of the empire , who were long considered second-class citizens , had begun in the mid-1860s and early 1870s to ask for civil reforms and better treatment from their government . 
  they pressed for an end to the usurpation of land , `` the looting and murder in armenian towns by kurds and circassians , improprieties during tax collection , criminal behavior by government officials and the refusal to accept christians as witnesses in trial . 
  '' [ 7 ] these requests went unheeded by the central government . 
  when a nascent form of nationalism spread among the armenians of anatolia , including demands for equal rights and a push for autonomy , the ottoman leadership believed that the empire 's isl\u0105mic character and even its very existence were threatened . 
   the sultan , however , was not prepared to relinquish any power . 
  abdul hamid believed that the woes of the ottoman empire stemmed from `` the endless persecutions and hostilities of the christian world '' . 
  [ source ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hamidian_massacres ), 
  aha of course , of course . 
  guess i 'm just going to listen to the turkish diaspora living in germany and take it as fact , then . 
  let 's just forget about the [ massacres of armenians before the war ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hamidian_massacres ) , in which 300 000 armenians were killed . 
  let 's forget about the [ greek genocide ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greek_genocide#world_war_i ) too , in which the germans had to actually step in and get the ottomans to treat greeks like human beings . 
  they were magnanimous and only deported them to the interior , replacing them settlers of their religion . 
  but no , i guess it 's because all those groups , wherever they lived , were filthy traitors allied to russia , even decades before ww1 started . 
  thanks for clearing that up , my turkish friend . 
  what i wrote stands nevertheless . 
  this is a propaganda picture , and during the war christians of all ethnicities were systematically massacred . 
  lol , he was obviously talking about how the turks systematically genocided their christian minorities during ( and after ) ww1 , which suggests that pictures like this one were mostly propaganda and did n't reflect reality . 
  his opinion on austrian culture and history has nothing to do with his position on geopolitics . 
  also i think you 'll find that a lot of countries have become much more cautious in their support of germany lately . 
  but i guess silently downvoting is your go-to answer when your stupid one-liners are called out . 
  i 'm pretty sure the point is , among other things , to counterbalance germany and its views :p, 
  that 's why i said * neighbouring countries * . 
  also you ca n't seriously believe that e.g. 
  hungarians in romania are closer to romanians than they are to hungarians from hungary . 
  or that people from south tirol are more similar to italians than to austrians . 
  i was just pointing out what your rules prescribe in this kind of case . 
  isis claims a ton of stuff , so you ca n't say it has international relevance each time . 
  if your unpredictable rules lead to stupid outcomes , that 's not my fault . 
  i do n't get either why you want me to be some kind of reddit master who 's been spending years on this site before i can post anything . 
  that 's ridiculous . 
  romas in romania are more similar to roma in neighbouring countries than to what would be their countrymen , according to your logic . 
  it 's you who 's imposing your narrow vision of `` belonging '' to arbitrary attributes such as citizenship ( essentially a piece of paper ) . 
  it makes a lot more sense to tie belonging to culture and ethnicity . 
  you 're doing yourself a disservice by having no other argument than `` disagreeing is racist '' . 
  so you 're saying one day the turks will be cleansed from the city , in a `` decolonisation '' process ? 
  or when you pay tatar bandits and slavetakers to take people as slaves , kill their family and sell the captives as if they were livestock to some rapist on the other side of the black sea . 
  no they fucking were n't internal affairs , they were illegal invasions aimed at violently destroying those countries ' sovereignty and crushing any hint of self-determination . 
  the soviet union and its communist ilk were truly evil constructs that conducted not only the biggest mass killings the world has ever seen , but also incessantly tried to destabilise countries through subversion and overt armed conflict . 
  a random website is no source , you 'll need statistics showing that the majority of ethnic slovenes in austria indeed want to join slovenia . 
  also , even your website does n't mention anything about separating from austria . 
  i do n't know where you 've learned this stuff about slovenes in austria but it sounds extremely dubious , so i 'll need a source on that . 
  yes , but what i 'm getting at is that saying `` finders , keepers '' after slaughtering the population of a city is the same logic that lead to van , kars and many others becoming firmly turkish cities ( through genocide ) . 
  otherwise they could very well have become armenian , even 900 years after the turks ' first appeared in the region . 
  i 'm mocking that logic because you could say the same about all the land the armenians inhabited before they were genocided , for example kars or van . 
  `` finders , keepers '', 
  like you did with the armenians , right ? 
  more like you do n't like the obvious conclusion of his convincing argument . 
  that 's bs mate . 
  i do n't know how one could believe something as ridiculous as that . 
  there 's a massive anti-islam , anti-foreign sentiment in the uk recently , fanned by cases such as the rotherham , rochdale , derby , oxford , bristol , telford , etc etc. 
  [ pakistani child rape gangs ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rotherham_child_sexual_exploitation_scandal#see_also ) . 
  you ca n't seriously believe that there 's no resentment against these people and the community they represent , that 's utter lunacy . 
  there 's one claiming exactly that right in this thread . 
  yes , but those candidates would never have been the dominant faction until now . 
  even now it 's a tough pill to swallow : this is evidenced by the fact that a lot of republicans right now judge their globalist ideals to be higher priority than for their party to actually win , leading them to go #nevertrump . 
  meanwhile in european countries we 've had the anti-globalism right-wing for multiple election cycles already . 
  it 's actually you guys that are becoming more similar to our right . 
  trump is probably the pioneer of an anti-globalist trend in the republican party , much like we 've seen happen in european countries . 
  i guess it 's because the turks did exactly the same here . 
  they cast [ this guy ] ( http://i.imgur.com/uohrtr5.jpg ) as eastern roman emperor constantine xi ( naturally the uber-villain ) and glorify the conquest of constantinople . 
  good riddance !, 
  i looked it up and [ this came up ] ( http://imgur.com/a/pz6d8 ) lol . 
  ( first comment was deleted for linking to twitter 's image service ), 
  i was there and it really does n't live up to its eu4 glory , probably because it was bombed to bits . 
   luxembourg was right . 
  these types of countries have no place in the eu . 
  the irony of luxembourg saying that when it 's exactly what most of their neighbours think of them . 
  the biggest part of vittorio veneto happened during and after the constituent states of austria-hungary had already declared independence , a process which started on 28th of october . 
  how do you think the italians managed to capture 300 000 `` prisoners '' ? 
  also , the decisive factor on the collapse of an army is always politics over military prowess/defeats . 
  once there 's no reason to fight , there 's no army either . 
  seriously you 're like a modern day badoglio , angry that the enemy evaporated without giving him the honour of winning a fair fight . 
  as to the battle of karfreit , the german troops obviously made the difference , but the bulk of the army that had not only held its ground up to then and that participated in the offensive was austro-hungarian . 
  certainly , but that goes for both sides , including the austrians defending their mountains in the coldest temperatures and on up to 3000m high positions . 
  in the first stages most of the defenders were volunteers/militias defending their homes . 
  i never said your grandfather was n't 16 years old at the time . 
  i 'm pointing out it 's one of those historical memes born out of nationalistic historical revisionism : `` patriotic students barely out of school defend motherland against 10x more numerous invader in glorious victory '', 
  do n't you even try to make out italy to have won its part of the war against austria-hungary . 
  that 's propaganda and historical revisionism ( evidenced by your `` muh 16 year olds '' nonsense ) of the most disgusting kind . 
  italy got smacked around without end , culminating at caporetto . 
  the only reason the whole north did n't get occupied is because of a sharp lack of troops ( for occupation ) on the austrian and german side . 
  the battle at vittorio veneto occured after the austro-hungarian army had officially dissolved already . 
  sorry for stopping you right in your track but counterjerking is not the appropriate answer to a circlejerk post . 
  that kind of thinking is exactly what made the us the fattest country on earth ( now overtaken by mexico , which imports tons of us products ) . 
  it 's also what made your food mediocre . 
  i 'm not expecting to convince you , we obviously have different reasoning and priorities . 
  enjoy your unrestricted free market . 
  he flew the ukrainian jet that shot down mh17 . 
  talking does n't work with russia , unless you 're coming with a big stick , meaning sanctions . 
  that 's what the eu has been doing , but it was n't enough . 
  thinking that you can `` talk '' with russia and avoid sanctions is something right out of obama 's and clinton 's `` reset '' policy . 
  it failed and only useful idiots still support it . 
  i 'm calling it circlejerking because it has little relevance in today 's spanish society and politics , and the little it could have has been discussed to death already . 
  the rest of my post is pretty clear i think , i 'm pointing to the strong anti-francoism already present in modern spanish society and of the threats more self-flagellation would inevitably entail . 
  spain is one of the most virulently left-wing countries in europe - i 'm talking about its internal politics . 
  the only serious right-wing party is pp , and even they barely describe themselves as such ( though they are the ruling party ) . 
  circlejerking against franco and for the third republic who ca n't ever do no wrong is almost everyday politics . 
  if you inflict upon spain the same mentality ( bordering on self hate ) as germany , which it already has in many aspects , you 're going to first dislocate the country for good and second you 'll be left with a syriza-style government in power , with greece-like results ( or venezuela in the worst case ) . 
  funny how `` africa-centric '' ( = afrocentric ) is alright but eurocentric is usually demonised . 
  props to you for reclaiming the term .
