  i 'm proud and glad that they decided to use european music for their main theme , big ups to mr. tin too . 
  ridiculous . 
  the catalan government is looking for a fight in order to hide its own problems and failures . 
  eu development funds to not serve to bail greece out . 
  they 're earmarked for domestic investment . 
  certainly , but the eu lacks the power to enforce it , so it 's unsurprising people pay less attention to its agenda . 
  i see some posters here clamouring about human rights , the evil approach of the v4 states etc. . . 
  but is n't it stupid to strike deals that involve sending back migrants that are already here without simultaneously strengthening our borders ? 
  there 's a lot of costs that are extremely hard to estimate , for example the cost of lost social trust ( the bedrock of european societies and economies ! ), 
  and reduced quality of life ( e.g. 
  when parks or train stations are taken over by migrants and become places to be avoided ) . 
  in that sense you can state that immigration might raise a state 's overall gdp ( not necessarily gdp/capita though ) , but it comes with negative externalities . 
  i 'm quite amazed that even in the face of resurgent right-wing sentiment among the general population , you 're still trying to hold on to the idea that `` most of those people are shills '' . 
  it 's also very hypocritical , since the go-to examples for paid shills right now are putinbots ... and ctr ( or other `` liberal '' agenda pushing operations that took over large swathes of reddit and other platforms ) . 
  in fact , your accusing them of being shils just shows how deeply deeply divided and ideologically segregated many people are : you ca n't imagine real people writing anti-merkel tweets after a terrorist attack committed by a refugee/migrant and i ca n't conceive someone being this hypocritical about `` paid shills '' . 
  i 'd think you 're writing this in bad faith , but i know you 're probably serious . 
  be careful about counting austria on your side . 
  it 's been fucked over by germany many times in this crisis and that 's significantly impacted public opinion . 
  most germans do n't realise that and the way your media routinely treat austria is shameful . 
  i have the impression this thread is degenerating into a circlejerk . 
  i was hoping people here would at least be smart enough to keep the following in mind : * it was published by buzzfeed - a terrible source with a marked political agenda and history of political activism * the claims are * already * being described as `` unverifiable '' , which is a huge red flag - it 's the mark of a hit job because a story not being verifiable maximises damage and makes it `` linger '' without being properly debunked . 
  * i do n't even need to comment on the `` golden shower '' stuff . 
  it 's absolutely ridiculous but that does n't matter because the document plays on the existing anti-trump biases of its readers . 
  the grossness of it also serves to maximise its long-term effects - it 's not aiming to make a rational argument but simply to mock and ridicule , to become a long-term `` funny joke '' or quip , just like cameron 's pig head affair . 
  * you 'll note that many outlets hoping to use the documents as a serious argument against trump are purposefully omitting any mention of the `` golden showers '' in their reports . 
  they 're obviously aware that it destroys the material 's credibility . 
  * that thing is badly written and only adds new accusations to the already existing ones . 
  it even claims that russia explicitly promised not to use any `` kompromat '' against trump if he does what they want . 
  that sounds more like the fantasies of trump 's political adversaries than reality - but then again , no one can tell since the claims are mostly designed to be unverifiable . 
  no matter how true this might be , it 's important to point out that you 're literally citing chinese propaganda used to justify the cultural genocide of tibetans . 
  i rarely meet any because they assimilate well , i assume . 
  can you give me examples of those cultural differences that make us so different ? 
  t. muslim brotherhood, 
  that 's not comparable because the portuguese are a latin people very similar to the french , both in language and culture . 
  england could easily take the same proportional amount in scots or irishmen , just as austria could do with germans . 
  you 'll also notice that because of that , there 's almost zero trace of portuguese culture or societal influence in france . 
  they 're almost always totally indistinguishable from native french people . 
  i thought the one where they change her exhaust was pretty funny . 
  actually , the county of flanders only became a realm of the burgundian valois ( who had their unofficial own `` kingdom '' ) in 1384 . 
  even then it was still considered a de jure part of france , although it was ( and in the past had periodically been ) largely autonomous . 
  that de jure status as part of the kingdom of france was officially ended in the 1526 treaty of madrid . 
   - dis stadi nat reprezentateev  - you ca n't have a perfectly representative study , and not having unrealistically perfect methodology does n't make it irrelevant . 
  in fact it 's common in academia for studies to highlight possible improvements to help future studies . 
   - u sayin nat reprezentateev stadiz r relevant ? 
  and it shows you have n't read my post . 
  think for a little bit , do you really think they would 've produced a study if it was unusable or irrelevant because of `` muh representativeness '' ? 
  that 's a funny comment pertaining to the video , nothing to do with politics ( which companies do n't like to see in the comments ) . 
  i hate when pseudo-intellectuals on reddit unrelentingly post the same message on every study , namely variations of `` muh sample size '' or `` it 's not representative !! '' . 
  no shit , sherlock . 
  it 's extremely hard to make a study that 's truly representative . 
  first of all , it requires quite a lot of money . 
  however , the points of criticism cited are : the restriction to refugees in the berlin region , the voluntary character of respondents and the fact that only those actually able to speak arabic or farsi could participate . 
  even in light of those shortcomings , the criteria used here are good enough for the study and its results to be relevant and usable . 
  edit for typos, 
   heil merkel chants [ those ? 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/lyopi7aqyv4?t=40 ), 
  that 's exactly how it 's been pushed by `` journalists '' wearing rose-tinted glasses . 
  i 'm not going to criticise the study , but i will criticise german media - since reunification , it 's learned much more from its gdr ( ddr ) counterparts than the other way around . 
  yes , in fact the reliable german media has recently discovered ( and massively promoted ) that refugees are actually more progressive than the germans themselves . 
  they 're less prone to wanting strong leaders and value democracy more than the backwards indigenous people . 
  they 're also better educated than we thought . 
  read all about it [ here ] ( http://www.rp-online.de/panorama/deutschland/fluechtlinge-teilen-laut-umfrage-die-deutschen-werte-aid-1.6398873 ) and , above all , disregard [ inconvenient data ] ( http://www.hmkw.de/fileadmin/media/downloads/pdfs/publikationen/hmkw_fl%c3%bcchtlinge_2016_studie_ronald_freytag_20160815.pdf ) . 
  let 's be honest here , the company most likely deletes any non-pc comments on the video . 
  i think the tweets are pretty relevant , and i did n't have any trouble finding an understanding his points . 
  you seem to prefer text-heavy , theoretical articles . 
  that 's fine , but he 's giving actual examples of `` fake news '' hypocrisy amongst msm by embedding their tweets in his article . 
  i think they 're welcome and relevant . 
  the last one might be too long . 
   what a wordvomit . 
  i glanced over it . 
  upgrade your english skills or take some ritalin then , you come over as supremely rude - and that 's exactly how others will treat you too . 
  no , that 's just you being too touchy and jumpy . 
   at the centre of this network of interlinked blogs and sites is casaleggio associati , the tech firm set up by the party 's co-founder gianroberto casaleggio , who died in april . 
  the company [ ... ] owns [ ... ] , as well as a ** health site ** , la fucina , that often carries posts on miracle cures and has fuelled anti-vaccine conspiracies . 
  they were n't kidding - [ i 'm confused now ] ( https://i.sli.mg/ssf4zi.png ) . 
  i 'm also scared of [ radioactive pollution ] ( http://www.lafucina.it/2016/11/16/inquinamento-radioattivo-tumori/ ) , which was `` kept secret '' from us for reasons of state . 
  hilarious how you 're attempting to link two things that have little to do with one another , just to be able to once more blame the right . 
  lol , you 're even implicitly condoning the censoring facebook admitted to . 
   bangladesh that 's an exception , because very few countries ( apart from city-states ) are as grossly overpopulated as bangladesh . 
  [ check it out ] ( http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/en.pop.dnst ) , it 's ridiculous . 
  that 's exactly why it 'll need all the dynamic young blood it can get . 
  we must n't rob syria of its future . 
  you laugh but a whole lot of globalists , inspired by iniatives from north america , are using and reusing that exact kind of argumentation . 
  they essentially want restaurants and markets in immigrant neighbourhoods to be free from any kind of health/hygiene-related licences . 
  it was suggested for brussels , which i find absolutely horrifying . 
  i do n't even want to imagine the prevalence of salmonella and other diseases in those places , since they 're already a constant problem in legitimate restaurants . 
  pity your joke will stay underrated since norsksud just deleted the thread and his/her posts . 
  the news ' reception was n't as expected and downvotes hurt the feefees . 
  describes this kind of identity politics perfectly . 
  i 'm surprised that an american would make such an obscure joke though !, 
  how could i miss that one :d, 
  actually it 's worth noting that in one of the debates of the primary , fillon was the only one to mention the necessity of strengthening european borders as a fundamental , necessary first step . 
  the others just went on about what asylum means , about distribution of migrants and ( ca n't remember ) evaluation of their asylum cases . 
  they did n't mention the protection of europe 's borders . 
  henceforth it shall be known as whitemosque . 
  russia is unreliable and unstable , partly because we ca n't really influence it . 
  in fact right now it 's the most closed off and self-centered it 's been since the fall of the ussr , so pure size of market is no indicator of long-term benefits . 
  also , russia does n't have that much of a choice in terms of trade . 
  increased integration with china would be to the latter 's advantage , it would be a very unequal relationship driven by necessity . 
  russia has lost a lot of influence and can not choose ukraine 's trading partners anymore .
