  their last resort is military intervention , but that only brings about further isolation and financial strain . 
  a pretty large market which the usual export countries could quickly gain a strong position in . 
  integration with the eu would also mean long term growth for ukraine 's economy and thus also for trade . 
  also a source of skilled labour . 
  to be honest that guy is quite simply a nutcase . 
  he 's only representative of a small clique of radicals in europe . 
  his ilk do have one use however , and that is to be a warning of what 's in store for us if we take the wrong turn . 
  just downvote , ignore and report . 
  of course it was sarcasm . 
  who cares about hong kong ? 
  if you want your post to have any relevancy at all , it needs to be corroborated by data from european countries . 
  you need to prove that ** only ** whites are called expats in at least 1 european country for your racebaity polemicism to be faced with anything else than downvotes . 
  it 's to compensate for the american identity 's lack of depth . 
  it might be inclusive but that comes at the price of it being hollow . 
  also explains their hyphen fetish . 
  it would make mexico less diverse , and that 'd be a shame . 
  or maybe he just wanted to cash in on this good old circlejerk . 
  facts must n't get in the way of his leftist meme'ing . 
  i think that idea of a `` safer , blander '' choice is exactly what led to fn 's rise from the beginning . 
  france needs to show willingness to change and take leadership , and that starts from the inside . 
  right now we 're just not in any position to do so in europe , and jupp\u00e9 is certainly not the man to accomplish that . 
  the french people need to show some courage and leadership and vote for a ( relatively ) strong president . 
  centrist , `` unifying '' leaders that do n't shake things up are something for times of war , not for when you 're already stagnating politically and economically . 
  also , let 's not forget to put any accusations of `` liberalism '' in a strictly french context . 
  what passed as liberalism here is spd policy in germany . 
  m\u00e9lenchon is a joke for most french people . 
  he 'll die without having ever held an important position anywhere , though i 'm sure some people here will revere him as an anti-establishment freedom fighter for that . 
  this is just one more proof that reddit does not reflect reality at all . 
  edit : thanks for correcting me . 
  when foreigners do n't understand a national political system , they always reach for what they know first . 
  in this case it goes like this : better relations with russia = horrible fascist . 
  the problem is of course that france tends to be a comparatively ( slightly ) pro-russian country , so that does n't actually help understanding our politics at all . 
  fillon would easily garner socialist votes . 
  jupp\u00e9 on the other hand will only strengthen le pen for the next elections by confirming the existence of a `` umps '' `` alternativeless '' establishment . 
  he might even push lots of his own voters towards le pen . 
  he 'd be a disaster of a weak president like hollande was and last of all he 's not even as pro-eu as fillon . 
  le pen will never look sane because there 's been decades of demonisation at work against her and her family . 
  she can get 30 % but against someone like fillon , she 'll never win the second round . 
  it 's possible that he admires thatcher , but the question is , what aspect ( s ) of her exactly , and does he plan to do anything similar . 
  so far it does n't look like that at all . 
  its religious unity that has dropped with conversion . 
  on the other hand , [ the extra heir chance ] ( http://www.eu4wiki.com/religions_and_denominations#sunni ) is just what germany needed . 
  conspiracy theorist !, 
  white supremacist !, 
  you 're fearmongering !, 
  post-truth era !, 
  fake news !, 
  i do n't think so . 
  the chances of le pen winning against fillon are extremely low . 
  interesting point , but you 're omitting `` new players '' like aj + , which cleverly hides its al-jazeera affiliation just enough for most people not to notice it . 
  since they 're a new player , just like breitbart , their biases are not well-known . 
  yet they 're as bad in quality as any far-right news outlet . 
  they 're actually strongly encouraging the current culture of echo chambers , so to me they 're nothing but the `` progressives '' breitbart . 
   mainstream media is mainstream because it 's the most reliable no . 
  the american presidential elections were a shitshow and most of the established news channels were a joke , especially ( but not exclusively ) cnn . 
  their focus on profits has caused them to [ veer towards rt-style `` reporting '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tdyohckpn74 ) . 
  you 'd have to be completely blind to not understand the causes of the massive fall in trust in the media that 's been happening in europe and the us . 
  seriously if you ca n't accept at least that and instead spew some inane hate towards elusive russians , there 's nothing to be talked about . 
  we would have such different conceptions of reality that any dialogue is useless , a pure waste of time . 
  fortunately people like you are still a minority , but you 're a product of our rapidly worsening echo chamber and univocal media problem . 
  that being said , one can of course find the same on the other side of the spectrum . 
   i do n't like what he said so i 'll compare him with an abuser and twist his sentences to more accurately express what i want him to have said . 
  omagad you 're so revengeful why am i not surprised to see a german telling me this . 
  now you 're just throwing buzzwords around . 
  there 's nothing inhumane with the solution i proposed . 
  the concept of a refugee aims to help people being pursued find safety , not necessarily a comparatively luxurious life . 
  that 's just a notion something derived from some form of white guilt . 
  in terms of migration policy , i expect a leftist coalition would have the positive outcome of triggering another `` shock '' with considerable effects on german politics . 
  so you want people to adopt leftist fundaments to then base their solutions upon ? 
  you do n't understand , we 're not going to be co-opted into this `` we jus nid 2 integreat dem '' scam that has never worked anywhere in the last decades . 
  that might partly work in germany , but the only consequence of that will be that you 'll keep receiving the migrants you 're clamouring for . 
  sensible solutions would be e.g. 
  establishing refugee camps in the middle east where people could be kept safe and supplied , while illegals coming into italy would be interned and deported . 
  we 've wasted way too much political capital on a completely lunatic `` redistribution plan '' that has proven to be a complete failure . 
  we need solutions that actually make sense and do n't involve repeating the errors of the past . 
  lol , that 's utter bs . 
  comparing trump being demonised by moneyed media interests and their pseudo-left goons to the mechanics of abuse . 
  absolutely disgusting . 
  you 're arguing for partial price competition between european countries and china or india through immigration to lower wages , but you 're never admitting it openly and unambiguously . 
  you base your whole theory on a black-white view of the world in which either you 're 100 % free trade , open borders or you 're `` a slightly freer version of north korea '' . 
  jesus , you 're indoctrinated to the max , you 're reciting pure ideology . 
  countries do not exist in a vacuum but that does n't mean they must exist in perfect competition either . 
  you 're also basically arguing for a global free flow of people as if they were goods , justifying declining wages and rising inequality in countries with a ( formerly ) strong middle class with `` well if you 're not happy with it someone will do it cheaper '' . 
  it 's like listening to a 19th century capitalist . 
  i must admit you live up to your economically liberal position , that you certainly do . 
  however , the fact that you end up having so much common ground with the left is certainly proof of how far the latter has strayed from its path . 
  feel free to correct me if i 've wrongly interpreted the gist of what you said . 
  actually you 're taking the term rootless cosmopolitan out of context . 
  it serves to denounce `` elites without homeland and loyalty '' but what the guy before you was talking about is the difference between european and american histories and contexts and the differences , both local and factual , that result from it . 
  that has very little to do with the wikipedia link you pulled out , and it shows you should take your time before resorting to the nazikeule . 
  also , you 're calling it far-right in your first sentence , when in fact your link mentions it happening in the soviet union . 
  ridiculous . 
  you 're also taking europe-wide percentages of muslims , which stupidly includes countries with few muslims such as slovakia or poland . 
  what would instead happen is germany would take most of the 4 million . 
  you 're literally manipulating statistics in a way i just described in a previous post . 
  there 's no red star emoji so he took this one instead . 
  japan is actually very open to other cultures in the sense that they have cr\u00eapes shops , tons and tons of italian restaurants , flamenco clubs , disney movies and so on . 
  it 's just that they adapt everything foreign to their domestic audience , it 's actually a typical characteristic of japanese society . 
  you 're confusing mass migration with openness . 
  there no logical or causal link between the two .
