yeah there is , i just ca n't seem to find it other than with the search function . 
  something 's wrong . 
  speaking of that thread , where has it gone ? 
  i ca n't seem to find it through the `` hot '' page , only by searching ... ? 
   my nickname since youth has been oreo that 's referring to you `` acting white '' i suppose ? 
  disgusting , the people calling you that must barely qualify for human being status . 
   i did n't realize french society was this rotten . 
  [ well ] ( http://www.lefigaro.fr/actualite-france/2012/11/28/01016-20121128artfig00494-sans-papiers-les-nouveaux-criteres-de-regularisation.php ) , [ now ] ( http://bochnakian-bruno-avocat.fr/les-droits-des-etrangers-sans-papiers-en-france/ ) [ you ] ( http://avocat-cujas.fr/etrangers-sans-papiers-regularisation-par-le-travail-circulaire-valls.html ) [ know ] ( http://www.lemonde.fr/immigration-et-diversite/article/2016/08/22/en-2016-le-combat-pour-la-regularisation-se-joue-sur-les-lieux-de-travail_4986032_1654200.html ) ( comments are absolutely hilarious and sad at the same time ) the amnesties of illegals are our fault but the rest is n't * french * society 's fault . 
   visited lenin 's tomb for his honeymoon kek . 
  that must 've been one hell of a honeymoon . 
  i 'm just hoping they did n't forget to visit mao too . 
  you ca n't seriously believe that . 
  most of these people `` fled '' from assad , and as a result they can argue that his secret police would imprison and torture them . 
  most of them probably have one or multiple relatives fighting in one of the factions , which would qualify them for collective punishment , one more argument they 'll whip out to stay here . 
  lastly , even those that ca n't cite any reason at all why they 're refugees , or should i say ** especially ** those people will quickly go underground , evading deportation and simply living here illegally , employed ( maybe ) and shielded by their community until the next amnesty of illegals . 
  just because europe has many cultures certainly does n't mean it was a melting pot . 
  to me it 's your punishments that sound too soft :p, 
  no one expected or should have expected any presidential candidate to follow up on all his promises . 
  u-turns are completely usual and have always been ( sadly ) . 
  it 's not something specific to one candidate or one party . 
  cheating in a debate by knowing questions in advance is something completely different , because while both candidates can make u-turns , cheating gives you an unfair and undeserved advantage over the other . 
  edit : you keep editing your posts to add more talking points after the fact . 
  lol . 
  your definition of biased is that it does n't relay russian propaganda talking points , hilarious . 
  there 's enough to blame those channels for , but you decided to do it for not making a logical link between signing an eu association agreement and invasion by russia . 
  your article also calls them biased for not underlining the role of `` national-socialist forces '' ( lol they knew this one was gon na work in germany ) and for not `` including the territorial and political intentions of nato in its eastern expansion '' . 
  i knew you were going to argue like that . 
  do you really think it matters if it 's technically legal or not ? 
  it 's subvertion of the democratic process through cheating in the presidential debate . 
  few things are more relevant than that in a fair election . 
  it also depends on what you mean by `` attention '' . 
  the `` disregard , we 're under attack by russia '' talking point was followed diligently by every major news network and the vast majority of online news ( and `` news '' ) outlets in the u.s. and even in the world . 
  it has n't stuck because it was unconvincing to begin with . 
  true , but since we 're reacting to this specific piece of news , i think even the more level headed will condemn these statements as a bad start to a trump-eu relationship . 
  [ donna brazile obtaining presidential debate questions and forwarding them to hillary ? ] ( https://wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/emailid/38478 ) . 
  [ earlier email ] ( https://wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/emailid/5205 ) oh and naturally you 're ignoring the part where i called out your faulty logic . 
  edit : also nice of you to edit your post to add more talking points , making it seem as if i had n't adressed them . 
   i 've been screaming yes we know , that 's why you 're not being taken seriously . 
   people are more outraged about relatively innocuous contents of dnc emails rather than the fact that geopolitical adversary hacked those emails * the contents were not innocuous and contributed markedly to trump 's win . 
  the idea they 're innocuous is a media/spin talking point that has proven very disconnected from reality , if only because people have been fired over it . 
  * on the contrary , it 's pathetic to scream `` russia russia pants on fayah '' in response to shady dealings or outright illegal activites being unconvered . 
  the source matters less than the content . 
  `` disregard the illegally obtained proof of my illegal/shady activity '' is not a good argument . 
  what , would you prefer every thread to be like the first on trump being elected was ? 
  it was a massive circlejerk mixed with hysteria and bombastic statements . 
  i 'm happy there 's people here that can keep a cool head and see juncker 's gauche comments for what they are : a bad start to our relationship with the trump administration . 
  i disagree entirely . 
  what experience have you had that we 'd come to such different conclusions ? 
  this . 
  labelling opposition as russian agents is nothing but a way to attack them without solving any of the issues they ride on . 
  that 's very intolerant of you . 
  instead of turning to reactionary capitalism ( and flag-waving , gasp ! ), 
  you should 've stayed a puppet of the glorious , egalitarian , progressive ussr . 
  funny , last time i was in the hague i saw that exact sign on the lithuanian embassy 's window . 
  wow no !, 
  never again !, 
  that 's why we need high immigration , first because hitler would n't like it and second because replacing our population ensures it 'll never happen again !, 
  i agree , i 'm just saying that canada is essentially doing it for pr and nothing more . 
  i 'm not surprised , considering their prime minister . 
  only as long as france has a very very important role in it , first because france has got the most credible armed forces in europe atm , and second because france needs a guarantee that it wo n't be hampered/limited ( instead of empowered ) by closer eu military cooperation . 
  i 'm referring to interventions in africa , for example . 
  it has to be full , honest cooperation , not the cherrypicked kind . 
  that 's the only way you 'll have a chance of selling something as important as that to france and its electorate . 
  i think serious advances would also require either more consciousness about that issue in french internal politics as well as an exogenous push , e.g. 
  something about terrorism or russia doing something important to displease france ( once more ) . 
   they have refugees which they handpicked amongst families , women and children ( yes , they must 've found some ) and took only in small numbers . 
  thanks , canada . 
  well , first of all , it 's highly likely we 'll have a r\u00e9publicains vs fn second round . 
  second , in that case it 's very very likely that ps voters will , as is done in france , vote for the right to avoid a fn victory . 
  and recognising that is what leads them to wish very hard for jupp\u00e9 , who 's not that right-wing , to be the r\u00e9publicains candidate . 
  if he 's named candidate , he would most likely win handily , but i think it 'll come at the cost of him not enacting actual right-wing policies , or enacting any important policies at all for that matter . 
  i personally would prefer fillon , he convinced me more than the other candidates in the debates they had . 
  i think that even if sarkozy were to be the candidate , you 'd still probably have a right-wing victory against fn , though there 'd be less left support ( and thus it 'd be closer ) than with someone like fillon because sarkozy is kind of polarizing . 
  i think jupp\u00e9 is exactly the kind of politician who ends up strengthening the general disillusionment with mainstream politics . 
  he 's not really right-wing , more like a centrist trying to take a `` unifying '' stance , but the constant quest for compromise this implies will do nothing but prove `` umps '' right . 
  no need to stock up on salt , you produce enough of it already . 
  you 're right that there were large resettlement campaigns to provide a minimum of loyal population in a newly conquered place . 
  they also resettled muslim albanians and their lords on many occasions ( though i do n't know in what kind of numbers ) . 
  but the presence of pomaks in bulgaria , who are converted slavs but not turks ( probably recent converts who had n't assimilated into turkishness yet ) as well as the cases of bosnia and albania show there must 've been some large conversions going on too . 
  generally those are ( only ) tacitly encouraged . 
  i mean , i do n't think pomaks and bosniaks could all be descendents of resettled turks , there 's way too many for that , and in the case of pomaks , iirc a portion of their villages became muslim through force or intimidation . 
  in bosnia it was probably a process of gradual assimilation . 
  there 's large muslim communities in bosnia and bulgaria . 
  there were a lot in greece and on the greek islands but the last of them were forced out in the postwar population exchange . 
  i think they definitely converted large communities in strategic regions , sometimes by force . 
  for example , bosnia was useful to them as a strong , militarised border district . 
  since the core soldiers were generally muslim , they had great interest in converting it . 
  also , did n't they settle muslim albanian lords and their followers in a lot of balkan places ? 
  the ottoman empire had a pretty colonialist ( not exactly in the european sense ) policy in the territories it conquered , and they were using local ( implanted or converted ) muslim populations as bloody , lawless militia ( bachi-bouzouk ) . 
  also , since conversion meant becoming a turk , it also meant becoming an agent of the oppressor . 
  that 's why in those kinds of cases less difference is made between civilians and soldiers than in others . 
  no , belgium is too dysfunctional and i see a lot of dutch people here being quick to point it out . 
  i 'm sure they 'd be happy to teach us a lesson in tolerance and diversity !, 
  edit : i thought people would n't need an / s to realise i was joking . 
  idiotic new worlders ' law . 
  the armenian genocide happened during and after ww1 . 
  but let 's not deviate from the main point : you 're justifying genocide , and i just showed that the oppression and massacres did n't simply happen as a reaction to their alliance with russia . 
  rather , that alliance happened because they saw it as their salvation from oppression . 
   the origins of the hostility toward armenians lay in the increasingly precarious position in which the ottoman empire found itself in the last quarter of the 19th century . 
  the loss of ottoman dominion over the balkans was ushered in by an era of european nationalism and an insistence on self-determination by many territories long held under ottoman rule .
