  fwiw i think people should just refer to it as german and russian aggression . 
  the nazis and soviets were both products of their time , environment , and last several hundred years of respective history . 
  insisting it was `` just the nazis '' implies an otherness that i dont think is correct , even if it makes it easier for modern people to call themselves german or russian . 
  some people do n't think men walked on the moon either , it does n't mean we need to start policing language in the hopes that grammar will fix stupidity . 
  if the meme of `` 9/11 '' was n't descriptive enough , american seems like a good way of being more specific ... although most people would say new york . 
  i think poles are the only ones that assume there 's some implication of polish responsibility whenever the phrase `` polish death camps '' is uttered . 
  everyone else realizes the speaker is talking about nazi camps on polish soil . 
  i think poles are the only ones that assume there 's some implication of polish responsibility whenever the phrase `` polish death camps '' is uttered . 
  everyone else realizes the speaker is talking about nazi camps on polish soil . 
  maybe something is lost in the translation , but the memo to `` take note '' of the changes implies `` hey guys do n't forget we made these changes a few decades ago '' , but that there 's no directive that everyone must suddenly change their curriculum to comply . 
  article even goes on to say that traditionalists can continue spelling the old way . 
   changes made 25 years ago that everyone ignored will continue to be ignored okay . 
  you fiend . 
  next stop , africa !, 
  he 's either being sarcastic or ignorant . 
   cheap production and forced consumption of international goods , as local production becomes more and more financially unfeasible . 
  this is already the case in greece and spain . 
  entire coastal cities in portugal , like porto , which should be destinations for tourists , are languishing from tragically low domestic spending . 
  athens has all but sold the port of pireus to a chinese company . 
  these are small examples of the complete and utter devastation being wrought upon southern europe that will have long-lasting , multi-generational effects for decades to come -- and it was ( and is ) completely preventable !, 
  the solution to this problem is not to embrace mercantilism and nationalism and hyperbolic fear of free trade , though . 
  reducing boundaries to trade has a synergistic effect on international trade that creates real economic growth , although it can be lopsided from one industry to another . 
  when looked at as a whole , though , there is an increase in productivity , efficiency , and wealth . 
  the ttip is a net neutral in the long run for greece at this point . 
  it 's just a trade deal . 
  it 's not going to have even a fraction of a fraction of the influence of the economic tragedy inflicted by the ecb . 
  what sucks is that everyone is focused on the ttip as if its the heart of darkness , when its really not a big deal , and simultaneously clinging to austerity and misunderstood `` moral hazards '' as if they 're the economically sound way forward . 
  it 's such a mess and the narratives are completely opposite of the truth for both . 
   well ; when people point what deregulation did for example to the us healthcare system then say they are afraid of the us trying to do the same here and on various subjects , i think it 's not entirely baseless . 
  no part of the ttip is about deregulation . 
  the eu can continue to pass any laws and restrictions it wants to . 
  as long as those laws do not unfairly target foreign corporations for the benefit of domestic corporations , it is highly unlikely any suits brought against the eu will be successful . 
  the whole point is to save money and reduce trade barriers between two enormous blocs of people with largely the same values and interests . 
  it 's pure demagogic hyperbole that has taken hold on the far right and far left in pushing all these competing narratives about the ttip being some sort of new world order . 
  these people hear `` secret agreement '' and suddenly their imagination runs wild . 
   dismissing people as idiots because they do not fully understand thousands of page of legalese by professionnal rule lawyers in another language is maybe just a bit condescending on your part . 
  it 's not all legalese . 
  the ec has bent over backwards to distill this into easy to digest formats . 
  just look at [ this ] ( http://trade.ec.europa.eu/doclib/docs/2015/march/tradoc_153266.pdf ) , it does n't get much easier than that . 
  and if you want to read into it in more detail , you can find publications that are as detailed ( or as abstract ) as you wish . 
  the ec has made this entire process as transparent as possible while still maintaining enough secrecy to allow the negotiators to do their job and produce a final draft agreement for all the parties to vote on . 
  and still , the popular opinion is that this is all the doing of a secret corporatist cabal . 
  it 's insane . 
  states which join the euro give up the ability to enact monetary policy . 
  states which are less industrialized have no method with which to devalue their currency anymore , and end up facing enormous pressure from structural accounts deficits as money exits the country at a much higher rate than it enters . 
  these countries are completely reliant on the ec and the ecb to mitigate this issue . 
  these two entities are highly influenced by , and in many respects beholden to , the german finance ministry . 
  the eurozone is an inherently flawed mechanism and its only being made worse by germanys wrongheaded influence over its controls . 
  the greek and spanish economies may be full of corruption and tax evasion , but that alone is not responsible for more than 40 % of their labor force to be unemployed , nor for their economies to contract by 25 % of gdp in 5 years . 
  the currency union is a broken system that takes all the advantages of modern fiat money and casts them aside for something amounting to a modern day european gold standard , where every member of the eurozone must compete for a limited number of euros . 
  in that contest , germany will always win . 
  and as long as germany hordes its winnings while simultaneously wagging its finger at the losers who have no euros left with which to pay , the eurozone will be in chaos . 
  it 's completely unreasonable , because their fears are based on rumor , gossip , and their own ignorant preconceptions of what they * think * is going to happen . 
  none of them have bothered to read any of the [ thousands of pages of various ec publications on the ttip ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/trade/policy/in-focus/ttip/ ) , they just regurgitate their own unfounded fears as if they 're the truth . 
   while it is true that germany as a whole has prospered , that only holds true when averaging . 
  the gap between rich and poor is growing in this country as it is everywhere else and one of the main reasons for that are multinational corporations . 
  the main reason for that is the hartz reforms , which allowed germany to exchange currency manipulation for wage manipulation to keep its exports competitive under the euro . 
  it literally created entire classes of `` mini jobs '' which allowed employers to pay 3rd-world wages with no benefits . 
  when german statisticians crow about low unemployment , they ignore that these far-below-a-living-wage jobs count towards that employment rate . 
  your own government has colluded with the corporate world under the guise of neo-liberalism to stagnate german wages . 
   as the political right and fascistic tendencies have never completely died , the left has grown all the much stronger . 
  has it ? 
  neoliberals have enforced austerity as the new normal , gutted worker protections , and bludgeoned the rest of europe into submission . 
  marx 's legacy fled germany decades ago , it resides now in athens and madrid , fruitlessly organizing against the kapital in berlin . 
   we are n't idiots . 
  we see what the ttip is for you claim to be respecting the legacy of marx , but you instead rally behind positions that are an anathema to his legacy . 
  you celebrate stagnant wages and a structural surplus that drives millions of europeans into poverty . 
  and at the same time , you embrace your own ignorance of the ttip and trade agreements in general as if it 's a stand-alone defence . 
  every sentence you write about your understanding of how trade agreements work , of why isds mechanisms exist and why they 're superior to conventional court trials , of how they are or are not fair , of why secrecy is necessary , betrays your reliance on fear and hyperbole over fact . 
  the ec has published , and continues to publish , hundreds of pages attempting to educate the people of europe as to how and why the ttip will benefit them -- and still you people cling to unfounded rumor and suspicion instead . 
  and yet you , and many like you , still claim membership in `` the left '' . 
  it 's tragic , to be honest . 
  what erudite blogs should i be getting my hyperbolic information from instead , since apparently the [ european commission is pushing disgusting lies in all its official documents on the ttip ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/trade/policy/in-focus/ttip/ ) ? 
  telling my government to stop invading countries in the middle east does n't help the fact that * your * governments are still making the wrong decisions given the facts they 're presented with , regardless of how those circumstances came into being . 
  what `` stuff '' do you do with your public administration degree that makes you an authority on trade agreements ? 
  because your words have so far demonstrated that you have a knowledge base equivalent to a teenage redditor . 
  you 've been to university ?? 
  this changes * everything * !, 
   free trade is bad because corporations are bad and im vaguely aware that this acronym i see bandied about on reddit might help them , so im against it great explanation . 
  hyperbole ca n't disarm the truth of the matter . 
  germany has the largest , most stable economy and is the de facto leader of europe . 
  germany 's decisions have influence far beyond its own borders . 
  germany should have been leading europe out of its recession years ago , but instead its obsession with ` fiscal discipline ' has seen wages stagnate , demand drop , and in southern europe , economies have nearly collapsed . 
  germany can only run enormous structural surpluses for so long , sucking euros out of the rest of europe while simultaneously refusing to let any leave , before the entire system begins to collapse . 
  germans are still suffering from this psychic wound stemming from ww2 , in which the only aspect of `` german-ness '' they feel they can be proud of is fiscal discipline . 
  the only problem is that this idea of fiscal discipline is incongruous with the way money works within the eu . 
  it 's this same psychic wound that compels germany to welcome migrants with open arms , no questions asked . 
  germans have such a fear of their own shadow that the thought of taking a more moderate approach with the migrants was n't even on the table , lest someone accuse them of being too fascist . 
  europe is still very much stuck in the post-ww2 era , despite people having insisted on its demise 25 years ago . 
  sure , but they 're coming at a time of cratering domestic demand , to countries with governments insistent upon austerity , and with inflation near 0 % . 
  the job market is going to hell , and this time the unemployed do n't speak the language and come from a highly radicalized environment . 
   for the corporations . 
  there 's no such thing as trickle-down in the american economy . 
  for the corporations and for consumers . 
  the two are intrinsically tied , no matter how much reddit likes to pretend that corporations are some sort of inherently evil `` other '' that we 'd all be better off without . 
  i do n't know why you 're continuing to talk about trickle-down economics , unless you just did n't understand my last post : the eu is a better example of the failure of `` trickle down economics '' than the us at this point . 
  what part of his comment disproves what i said ? 
  if us and eu automobile standards do n't achieve the same outcomes then you clearly will no see us automobiles rolling down european roads overnight . 
  the purpose is to find a way to ensure regulations with different methods but similar outcomes can find some compatibility with each other . 
  if a us car company ca n't sell its cars in europe because it does n't meet the intended goal of eu safety regulations , then that is n't going to change in the future .
