  germans are insistent upon making ruinous economic decisions , lately . 
  first , they strangle the economies of southern europe and kill domestic european demand , then they protest against a trade deal that will strengthen germany 's export market ( upon which germany is more reliant than ever ) , and follow it up by welcoming in millions of uneducated migrants . 
  should be a fun decade . 
  you clearly have no idea how this trade deal functions . 
  states can pass any laws they choose , companies only have a chance at suing and receiving damages if they can prove that the law was passed solely with the intent of disadvantaging a foreign company in favor of a domestic one . 
  your hour a day of hyperventilating about the ttip has not allowed you to discover some enormous oversight that the people negotiating this for the last 15 years have overlooked . 
  it 's literally in all of the working papers released by the eu . 
  you know , the ones that the anti-ttip protesters do n't bother to read . 
  try [ this one ] ( http://trade.ec.europa.eu/doclib/docs/2015/march/tradoc_153266.pdf ) for starters , from the european commission . 
  they even distilled it down into a flashy little `` top 10 myths '' format , but i doubt it 'll change anyones mind . 
  i 'm not sure why you think the average person in the us would be against unified standards . 
  it helps businesses by decreasing costs , and it helps consumers by increasing trade and decreasing costs . 
  your view of the world is so tainted by your own preconceptions of how the world works that you ca n't even see beyond your own nose . 
  every country will have winners and losers with a trade deal this expansive . 
  the goal is that overall , there is economic growth and increased prosperity . 
  i 'm not sure why you think the us needs to showcase the failings of trickle-down economics , as germany continues to strangle the eu and keep the poorest europeans from getting even a drop , let alone a trickle ( except for the non-europeans flooding across the border , those are alright ) . 
   you 'd be incorrect though . 
  it is not as important as the four pillars of the free market . 
  ... except by allowing germany to run enormous surpluses you are n't letting the free market function . 
  without the eurozone the deutschmark would have appreciated drastically in value over the last couple decades . 
  instead , with europe trapped in the eurozone , germany is free to dump its exports across europe while hiding behind the common exchange rate . 
  and since there 's no central fiscal union , the euros that concentrate in germany can only be sent to the parts of europe that need stimulus in the form of loans , further harming their economies . 
  in almost every other country , fiscal transfers allow more productive areas of the country to subsidize less productive areas . 
  money moves , not people . 
  in europe , you force the people to move , not the money . 
  it 's absurd . 
  you act as if this system is an ideal example of the free market , but the whole thing is an abysmally broken clusterfuck that hurts the european economy , and it will not last without major reforms -- and those reforms are impossible to make politically , meaning the entire system is doomed to failure . 
  the nearly 10 year old economic shitstorm following 2008 , and the imminent exit of the uk , should be evidence enough ... yet there are still people like yourself who seem completely blinded to the facts , and who think this is just par for the course of a well functioning economy . 
   i 'm sorry but this is delusional thinking from brexiters about how much effect brexit will have on the eu . 
  the uk is not the only country to buy german cars . 
  and is a 27th of every countries trade theoretically . 
  leaving aside that if uk businesses leave to europe or end up disadvantaged then that actually advantages the continent in some ways . 
  it 's basic math , man . 
  look at the current account balances . 
  germany is the largest economy in europe , and its entire economy is built on exports , running the largest surpluses in europe . 
  the uk is the second largest economy in europe , and it 's the largest deficit spender in the eu . 
  with potentially # 300bn * less * being spent into the eu by the uk every year without a free-trade deal , what do you think is going to happen ? 
   what is the alternative proposed here ? 
  because a full political and fiscal union is an eu superstate that eurosceptics freak out about . 
  and a basic free trade agreement between states is crap when people want that market integration . 
  if you say somethings crap for a reason , but then that solving that reason would make it even worse then it 's pretty obvious you do n't actually have an argument or a good plan you just do n't want something to exist for emotional reasons . 
  and unfortunately that is n't how the world works that throwing a tantrum means other people should stop doing what they want . 
  no offense , but if anyone is throwing a tantrum without anything but emotion to back up their position , it 's you . 
  europe jumped headlong into this thinking that good intentions would patch over all the holes in the eu/emu . 
  and then they exacerbated the situation by adding new countries as fast as they could , making it even harder to ever push through the necessary reforms that would turn the emu into a functional system -- assuming anyone could ever convince germany that sucking every last euro out of the eu with enormous surpluses and then loaning it back to them was * not * actually a reasonable path towards economic prosperity , anyway . 
  brexit sucks because it fractures european unity , it inflames nationalist sympathies , and generally kicks europe back to a pre-war level of integration . 
  but lots of people saw this coming , and nobody listened . 
   what you 're talking about with germany is n't on the same level this is like a local law versus the constitution in its importance . 
  and germany is n't the one negotiating a new arrangement with the eu where the eu can just say `` bye felicia '' whenever it wants . 
  i 'd argue its just as important , considering germany 's surpluses have directly contributed to the economic chaos in southern europe . 
  and you 're right , germany is n't negotiating a new agreement , they 're just ignoring it and playing by their own rules . 
  the difference is semantic at that point . 
   if the uk is allowed to leave and get a better deal then every country should leave to get what they want and then the whole market collapses and everyone loses . 
  i agree , the precedent it sets is terrible . 
  but either they get special access for the sake of the economy and the eu fractures , or they do n't get special access and the further derailed economy causes the eu to fracture . 
  neither choice is good because they 're both based on the enormously flawed foundation of the eu -- a stupidly crafted monetary union without a fiscal union , which is doomed to collapse anyway . 
   uk is largest export of the eu ? 
  where did you get this data from ? 
  http://www.ons.gov.uk/ons/rel/bop/united-kingdom-balance-of-payments/2015/index.html the uk also runs a trade deficit , meaning they buy more from the eu as a whole than the eu buys from the uk . 
  this is very significant given germany 's obsession with running surpluses . 
  the eu 's rules do n't ever apply when folks do n't want them to , though . 
  i mean , for example , look at how many times germany has violated the sgp with its enormous surpluses . 
  kicking the uk out of the single market because `` its the rule '' would be shooting the eu 's economy in the foot , as the uk is the largest export market for the rest of the eu . 
  yes it will hurt the uk , but it 's not as if everything will be rosy across the channel . 
  wow . 
  you guys barely have any time to pop out a kid before you 're statistically classed as `` advanced maternal age '' and at increased risk of complications . 
  no wonder the birth rate is so low . 
  english is full of pitfalls . 
  fyi , the term is `` wreaking havoc '' , not `` wrecking havoc '' . 
   the major point of the eu is the single market - with it we have a large market . 
  we needed that to be able to compete with the us and china , who have gigantic populations compared to any european country . 
   brexit means that the uk leaves this single market . 
  there are no tariffs on trade over the channel , but now when the uk will be a market on it 's own , imports and exports to it will be tariffed . 
  that it exits the single market does not change the fact that the uk is the largest export market for eu goods . 
  if you take umbrage to calling the things every other eu country ships across their borders to the uk , fine , but the fact remains that the uk was and remains the most important trading partner for the rest of the eu . 
  tariffs may or may not make a return , but it is highly unlikely that there will be any credible movement to `` make an example '' out of the uk with punitive trade measures , considering how much money is at stake on both sides of the channel . 
  is this autism or somthing worse ? 
  what you 're calling it does n't matter , it 's the trade that matters . 
  european countries load things up on ships and trucks and send them to the uk . 
  if you do n't want to call it exports , fine , but do n't act as if calling it by another name affects the outcome . 
  you do n't seem to understand how trade works or the significance of the uk as an export market so i 'm not sure there 's much more i can say . 
  i 've run out of ways to explain it and you apparently ca n't decipher literal color charts in that link . 
  considering russia built a direct gas pipeline to germany and then germany was the one that dragged their feet over sanctions after russia invaded ukraine , and were n't finally motivated to act until the russians shot 300 europeans out of the sky , i 'd say russia came out pretty well . 
  but more to the point , the uk can import its food from the us and its widgets from china . 
  finding someone willing to sell you goods is much easier than finding someone to buy your goods . 
   are you sure ? 
  that 's not possible and does n't make any sense . 
  show me please some sources for your claim . 
  http://www.ons.gov.uk/ons/rel/bop/united-kingdom-balance-of-payments/2015/index.html  that claim does n't even make sense . 
  what part does n't make sense ? 
  the eu 's economy is primarily driven by exports , especially germany , which relies on domestic wage suppression to boost exports . 
  losing the uk as a major export market will be devastating to the eu-27 economy , and i highly doubt eu corporations will be willing to tolerate politicians who bloviate about teaching the uk a lesson or worrying about precedents with so much money at stake . 
  i 'm not sure if there 's a point behind your semantics . 
  the uk is the eu 's largest export market . 
  the uk also has a trade deficit , meaning they buy far more from europe than europe buys from them . 
  germany 's entire economy is built on exports . 
  who do you think has the upper hand in that negotiation ? 
  the flaws inherent in the eu -- the lack of any fiscal union , the inability to tackle southern europes debt crisis in any meaningful way , the now immovable special interests that have given germany such enormous influence that the status quo is unlikely to ever change -- are what push europe further apart . 
  federalization is not at the end of this path . 
  the eu needs to die so a better institution can replace it .
