  the uk ran a trade deficit with the eu . 
  more expensive imports are going to hurt the eu 's export driven economy , since the uk was the eu 's largest export market . 
  you mean the way all the banks fled switzerland ? 
  you say that as if the onus is all on them . 
  the uk is the eu 's largest export market -- $ 300bn -- and the eu sells much more to the uk than the uk buys from the eu . 
  the trade deficit is something like $ 70bn . 
  there will be severe pain in the eu 's export-driven economy if they screw around with a uk trade deal . 
  * you * can now trade freely with the entire planet . 
  the uk also deficit spends and has a negative trade balance , meaning it sends more money into the eu than it receives . 
  if trade between the uk and the eu is halted , the uk can still buy its widgets from china and its food from the us . 
  the eu ca n't as easily replace all that money . 
  corporations understand this , and i think there will be an enormous push from the continent to ensure trade remains uninterrupted . 
  when the us articles of confederation failed , the us did n't fail . 
  it just needed a framework that created a strong , centralized bureaucracy and did n't allow individual state interests to carve out their own fiefdoms within that new government . 
  europe needs to throw off the training wheels , throw off the special interests , and unite into an actual union . 
  the longer the eu continues in its current form , the longer its failings will grate upon its members and increase divisiveness . 
  the uk is the eu 's largest export market , nearly $ 300bn . 
  the uk has far more leverage in hashing out a trade deal than anyone seems to realize . 
  germany 's entire economy is built upon exports , they 're not going to risk that . 
  the eu 's absolute failure to deal with the southern european sovereign debt crisis , its continued inability to temper germany 's influence over the ecb ( and running enormous surpluses strictly disallowed by the s&gp for years ) , and the total lack of a fiscal union dooms the eu , and the entrenched interests are now too powerful to alter that status quo . 
  it has to be destroyed before it can be rebuilt . 
  the lack of a fiscal union is choking the emu to death , and the countries that benefit from that arrangement -- like germany , who continue to run enormous surpluses despite being strictly in breach of the s&gp -- now have an entrenched interest in * not * changing the status quo . 
  it can not change from within anymore , it has to be destroyed and rebuilt . 
  speak for yourself , plenty of us think it 's great that they chose to leave . 
  the eu is a failed institution which was on a path towards chaos , not federalization . 
  the sooner it dies the sooner a more competent organization can replace it . 
  remain is not logical . 
  the eu is a mess and it was never going to lead to federalization . 
  the sooner it dies the sooner a more robust organization can replace it . 
  except greece has n't been helped , germany continues to run enormous surpluses which violate the s&gp while wagging a moralistic finger at greece 's deficits . 
  the eu as an institution is flawed and the sooner it 's scrapped the sooner a true federalization can replace it . 
  the us had similar growing pains 200 years ago . 
  if you 're actually a federalist you should be thrilled that the eu is one step closer to death . 
  it 's a flawed institution whose gaping holes only served to drive europe further apart . 
  it 's like europe 's own articles of confederation . 
  federalization needs to happen from the start . 
  eu-28 exports to the uk totalled [ $ 290bn in 2014 ] ( http://www.ons.gov.uk/ons/rel/bop/united-kingdom-balance-of-payments/2015/index.html ) , thats about the same as the entire united states . 
  $ 70bn alone from germany , with the trade deficit a whopping $ 30bn . 
  you 're dreaming if you think germany , whose every action within and without of the eu has been about preserving their export driven economy , is going to risk such profitable trade . 
  there 's also nothing stopping the uk from allowing eastern labor in on its own terms , and you 're woefully misinformed if you think clinton is anti-trade . 
  her husband signed nafta into law . 
  trump is a demagogue who says whatever he thinks will get him votes . 
  the us has been consistently seeking free trade deals for decades , that 's not changing now . 
  you 're literally repeating what i said . 
  the uk is the eu 's largest export market . 
  germany 's entire economy is built on exports . 
  unless they want to risk derailing their entire economy , and that of the rest of the eu , they are not going to play trade games with a non-eu uk . 
  the uk is the largest export market for eu goods . 
  if the eu wants to continue selling there it wo n't increase trade costs . 
  loss of the largest export market will hurt the eu a lot more than it 'll hurt the uk to sign a free trade deal with the us . 
  norway runs large trade surpluses . 
  their affect on the eu 's economy , and especially its export-driven economy ( hi germany ) is nil . 
  for the eu to suddenly make its exports much more expensive to its largest export market would have enormously negative affects on the whole bloc . 
  it would hurt the uk as well , but then again , i 'm sure the us would be anxious to cement the `` special relationship '' with yet another free trade deal . 
  there 's no good reason to hamper the uk 's place as the largest buyer of european exports , unless you just want to legislate spite at the expense of gdp . 
  the uk 's role as the eu 's primary export market gives them special leverage right from the start . 
  refusing to work out equitable trade agreements with the uk would hurt the eu just as much , arguably more , than the uk . 
  and the only rationale for doing so would be some sort of revenge , which i do n't think the eu is going to base trade negotiations on . 
  lol , such a perfectly german response . 
  germany gets tons of benefits from the eu because it runs enormous surpluses , over 8 % , which suck up euros from the rest of the continent and force them to run deficits . 
  thats why the stability and growth pact also says such large surpluses are just as unwanted as large deficits , but germany does n't care because they 'd rather play banker and keep wagging their fingers are southern europeans . 
  germany loves to hold up its exports as a model for the rest of europe , failing to realize that its those very exports which are hurting the rest of europe without a mechanism for fiscal transfers or discretionary deficit spending . 
  the uk does n't run surpluses , it deficit spends . 
  it would lose that ability if it fully joined the currency union , and with no other real incentive to stay in , it makes zero sense for them to stay if theres nothig but an extra layer of bureaucracy awaiting them . 
  the uk is the eu 's largest export market . 
  there wo n't be any undue barriers put up to block that trade . 
  that was pure speculation on his part . 
  he just handwaves it away as if it were a rebuttal . 
  there 's no indication the uk would need to spend anything at all , let alone that much . 
  an economy can be both large and poorly performing . 
  you 're using absurd rhetorical justifications to dismiss actual economic failures . 
  his problem is morality-based . 
  `` if we give the uk a special deal , other members of the eu might get dangerous ideas a out leaving ... '' of course , it ignores the part where the uk is the ( rest of the ) eu 's largest export market , and the german economy is entirely export-driven . 
  and the fact that german morality-driven monetary policy is what has fucked the eurozone economy for a decade . 
  germany is only shooting themselves in the foot by refusing any trade deal . 
  the uk imports far more than it exports , they can import from somewhere else . 
  the germans ca n't simply find new export markets . 
  but hey , germany making terrible decisions is nothing new . 
  i do n't think `` preference '' is really a roadblock in the age of multinational automobile conglomerates . 
  both sides are capable of designing cars for the other . 
  the issue is where the cars are produced and how they take advantage of various free-trade agreements to maximize profit . 
  mexico is literally an ocean away from europe , dude . 
  it 's right next to the us . 
  are you seriously confused about why location matters when your products weigh several tons each ? 
  `` you can build your cars in 50 states and sell them anywhere in the us without tarriffs . '', 
  nearly every country you listed either uses the euro , is pegged to the euro , is * planning * to peg to the euro , or has extremely high labor costs on its own . 
  europe does n't have an equivalent to mexico sitting safely on its border . 
  you want to prevent entrepreneurs from making millions by selling to large corporations ? 
  what exactly is your plan ? 
  the import tarriff for cars entering the us is 2.5 % . 
  build them in mexico and you do n't even pay that . 
  the import tarriff for cars entering the eu is 10 % . 
  lol @ saying you can do without modern american tech companies , and replace everything with spotify running on linux, 
  wrong era , now the texas republicans love russia . 
  the eu is a hopelessly broken organization which has mismanaged europe to the point of absurdity for the last 15 years . 
  any attempt to push back against the neoliberal bullshit coming out of brussels , any voice of reason that says `` hey , maybe we should do something more about the 50 % youth unemployment in southern europe beyond offering more austerity '' is met with the crack of a whip . 
  you 're arguing for an idealistic `` europe '' which does n't exist anymore . 
  staying in and hoping for the best while the ship sinks is n't the smart choice . 
  the power blocs which have ruined the eu are too entrenched to reform at this point , the eu grew too fast and with too little integration and with too much reliance on unelected ministers who have only an abstract relationship with actual voters . 
  there 's no future for the uk in that mess .
