  they 're in trouble because they have no money !, 
  quick , take their money to end the trouble !, 
  our attention would lapse before we got to the final letter , ensuring distraction with cat pictures instead of pitchforks . 
  eurostat was purposely conceived without audit powers , because to give it such authority was seen as a violation of member states sovereignty . 
  even in 2005 , after the cooked greek books were revealed , efforts to give eurostat audit authority were voted down because the prevailing view ( read : wishful thinking ) was that greece was growing , and the ` fix ' for greece 's transgression would have challenged member states authority . 
  it was n't until 2010 , after the 2008 meltdown , that ecofin finally granted eurostat audit authority ... and even then it refused to require member states to punish civil servants who misrepresented data , which was again seen as a violation of sovereignty . 
  the political motives for the emu always had much more momentum than the financial and economic motives , to the point that basic structures needed to ensure viability were ignored . 
  the politicians ran ahead while the policy wonks , economists , statisticians , etc were left trying to piece things together after the fact . 
  greece lied to get in , but they were n't the only ones ignoring reality to make the greater emu a reality . 
  the acronym is shorter , so it seems more suspicious to us . 
  greece has enough options for earning hard currency that it wo n't need to worry . 
  i agree that greece wo n't be without problems , but they 'll still be far better off than the economic terrorism inflicted upon them under continued austerity within the eurozone . 
  a lot of countries are net energy importers , like the united states . 
  there are a lot of countries that must import manufactured goods . 
  these are not recipes for economic failure . 
  the political impetus to make greece a new energy hub did n't exist before the ukraine crisis . 
  it 's gas reserves are relatively recent discoveries , and underwater boundaries with neighboring countries have only recently been negotiated . 
  greece has a unique opportunity to take ownership of its future ... or to embrace a future of german serfdom . 
  ... it 's such a large importer * because of * the euro . 
  if it had its own currency which was allowed to depreciate , the cost of those imports would rise dramatically , forcing greeks to seek domestic alternatives . 
  which , itself , fosters local economic growth . 
  greece is soon to be a major energy transit hub with new pipelines planned or in construction from russia , the caucuses , turkey and iran . 
  greece has its own enormous gas fields off its southwest coast which can be developed . 
  the tourism industry would explode with a cheap drachma . 
  all of this on top of a re-invigorated manufacturing base thanks to german exports being appropriately valued relative to the drachma means the greek economy would finally have what it needs to grow . 
  the euro is strangling growth in greece ( and portugal ) , and the only way out is to exit . 
  the greek economy has collapsed an equal amount to the great depression in the united states . 
  youth unemployment is over 60 % . 
  there is nothing worse than what the troika 's austerity has done to greece . 
  returning currency sovereignty to greece would allow it to devalue the drachma and spend what is required to return to growth . 
  the pain would n't last a year , it would last maybe another 18 months -- but probably not even that long . 
  foreign investment and tourism dollars would flood in to take advantage of all those cheap greek beaches . 
  it is not ideal , you 're right . 
  but given the realities of the two options presented -- indefinite austerity and economic terrorism inflicted by northern europe , or a return to slow but steady economic growth with the drachma , the choice is clear to me . 
  the most challenging part of a grexit would have been preparing the physical change to a new currency without word leaking out , but that worst-case scenario still looks far better than the * decades * worth of austerity greece faces by accepting yet another `` bailout '' from the ecb that does nothing but protect greece 's creditors and merely staves off the next crisis moment for a few months . 
  i 'm holding out hope that this is all an elaborate ruse to get stamped euros into the banks before a grexit , but that 's looking more unlikely by the minute . 
  thank god germany et al put europe through this so that they could eventually `` allow '' their own banks and creditors to get a bailout !, 
  how noble !, 
  i find it amazing that tsipras is capable of doing this , especially after the referendum . 
  i had such high hopes of him . 
  greeks who feel as you do must be completely dejected . 
  why do you think he was unwilling to take greek out of the euro ? 
   indeed there is nothing wrong with europe 's growth at the moment . 
  are you drunk ? 
  the ecb just started its own controversial qe program specifically because the euro has been facing sustained deflationary pressure and stagnant growth across the emu . 
  find me any reputable economist that describes less than 1 % growth as `` nothing wrong '' . 
   population is not just vaguely correlated with gdp . 
  gdp is essentially productivity \u00b7 population . 
  since it 's productivity that we should be worried about , it makes sense to take population into account when looking at gdp figures . 
  yes , it is . 
  by your logic europe should have double the us 's gdp , since it has double the population . 
  that developing countries , with high birth rates , are taking advantage of underutilized labor ( at wages and conditions the west would never allow ) does n't mean you get to abstract out to `` high birth rate means high gdp growth ! '', 
   your post was not about the financial news since 2008 . 
  it was about gdp figures . 
  ... and you think the financial crisis has no bearing on gdp figures ? 
  nearly every major economy saw their gdp shrink in the wake of the crisis . 
  do i seriously have to explain to you the impact it had ? 
  claiming that there 's nothing wrong with europes growth because the population growth rate is low is ridiculous , you 're just handwaving serious economic issues with `` oh , np , its just [ random vaguely correlated statistic ] '' . 
  population growth is n't nearly the most important variable here -- have you been ignoring the financial news since 2008 ? 
  ps : no shit, 
   while rest of eu is growing lol europe 's gdp growth has been stagnant for years , averaging [ less than 1 percent annually ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/euro-area/gdp-growth ) recently . 
  ... which saw unemployment rise and culminated in the creation of `` minijobs '' , now nearly 20 % of german employment , which offers zero benefits or social safety net . 
  germany has seen a decade of wage stagnation and rising indquality as a result . 
  germanys export market is the only thing keeping their economy afloat . 
  how is that model supposed to work for everyone else in the emu ? 
  are they all supposed to become net exporters ? 
   by 1953 germany had been under 8 years of military occupation , it 's political and economic institutions having been completely overhauled - something ( the overhaul ) greece refuses to commit to . 
  can you give some specifics to refute the authors assertion ? 
  or is the nebulous `` completely overhauled '' supposed to say it all ? 
  because denazification didnt happen , and simply changing form of government is n't a catch-all fix for economic prosperity -- remember weimar ? 
  what was the secret sauce that ( the us imposed ) which allowed such frenetic growth ? 
  we know it was n't austerity , what with all the money being thrown at the frg by big bad america . 
   helping germany was in the geopolitical interest of the usa , considering how west germany served as a bullwark against communism for the remainder of the cold war . 
  it was not charity . 
  this is irrelevant -- the point is that everyone saw that austerity and reparations were not an option for economic growth . 
  the motives do n't matter , the cause and effect relationship does . 
  austerity does not lead to growth . 
  germany has learned this lesson 5 times in the last hundred years -- versailles , the deficit funded boom in the 30 's , post-ww2 , the billions spent on reunification , and then the early 2000 's . 
  i can probably find more examples if i try . 
   the debt relief was not free : the winners profited massively from forced labour of hundreds of thousands of german civilians and pow 's to work on farms or to clear minefields . 
  thanks for laying all those minefields so the victors could `` profit '' from their removal after the war , germany !, 
  are you listening to yourself ? 
  britain and france kept pow 's as forced labor through the very early 50 's , and it was a very small number comparatively speaking . 
  i do n't think this counts as profiting , nor does this jive with your assertion that externally imposed reforms are what fixed the german economy , unless you think a labor shortage is a good thing . 
   they also profited from the deportation of industrial capacity , german resources , patents and inventions . 
  there were huge restrictions on german industrial sectors , on the amount and quality of steel they were allowed to use , there were regulations ensuring some resource exports were sold at 50 % of value etc. 
  oh , this must be the `` complete overhaul '' of the german political and economic structures that led to massive growth , right ? 
  all we have to do is handicap their economy even further ( ??? 
  both sides only seem interested in buying time for the grexit and the inevitable blame game that will follow . 
   not only talking about brands ( like fanta ) and patents , but also people like wernher von braun who effectively made you fly to the moon with his visionary plans and organising skills . 
  how did this become a `` fawn over the visionary nazi we gave you '' thread ? 
  the evil us forcing the poor germans to war ? 
  my flair seems to have given you an aneurysm , mate . 
   it did help germany i found something relevant !, 
  and we even agree !, 
   germany has no such plans and dislikes being singled out in the eu , which a policy as you would want it would bring in an instant . 
  i guess `` not wanting to be singled out '' ( for helping people ... ? ), 
  is a good excuse . 
  germany received massive loan forgiveness with the london debt agreement in 1953 . 
  [ removing unmanageable debt is what propelled west germany to economic prosperity over the next 2 decades ] ( http://library.fes.de/pdf-files/iez/10137.pdf ) .
