  surely it ca n't be the [ $ 15 billion worth of aid the us sent to russia over the last 20 years ] ( http://www.globality-gmu.net/archives/608 ) . 
  maybe the rebuffed attempt at a `` reset '' in relations when obama was elected ? 
  the nuclear treaties which allow russia [ to inspect us missile defense silos , heavy bombers , and nuclear submarines ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/new_start#deadlines ) , with no equivalent access for the us , just in an attempt to reduce nuclear stockpiles ? 
  you must be very young to be confusing the rhetoric aimed at putin 's regressive leadership with some sort of generalized anti-russia sentiment . 
  money always speaks louder than words . 
  i wonder what side they 'd put marx on ? 
   as for security ... because the russians are just waiting for an opening , amirite ? 
  economic entanglement  mad . 
  [ better safe than sorry , no ? 
  ] ( http://p.washingtontimes.com/news/2013/oct/16/inside-the-ring-russia-to-test-new-missile/?page=all#pagebreak )  if you read my comment again , you will find i assume the us will keep on spying either way , and that the value of this initiative lies in its rejection . 
  even if the us should agree , it might at least affect scope , which appears to be much wider than european efforts if you compare budget and personnel . 
  i doubt there will even be an answer , though . 
  at least this will help compel further integration in europe , though , right ? 
  as long as the us has a vested interest in european stability , and has military bases there , i do n't think the spying will ever stop . 
  and really , would you expect any less ? 
  this is still the age of realpolitik . 
  the more information you have about foreign powers , the better your decisions will be . 
  it does n't matter if we 're friends or enemies , information is important . 
  israel , for example , is caught spying on the us every couple years it seems -- yet we keep sending them billions of dollars annually . 
  they have a vested interst in knowing whats going on in our leaders heads , as they 're dependent on that close financial relationship . 
  the us has a vested interest in maintaining a strong democratic ally in the mideast . 
  so even though we spy on each other , we still smile , shake hands , and hand money over because it 's the best way to further our goals . 
  the spying is simply taken to be a part of that interdependence . 
  i think a similar type of interdependence exists between the us and the eu on matters of security ( us bases and europes reliance on the us as a deterrence ) , trade , and actions at the un . 
  i also think it 's likely that many european countries are just as interested in the us 's internal political machinations as we are in yours , but that your programs simply have n't been revealed . 
  spying is inherently secretive ... what good is a public agreement ? 
  and to be honest , should n't the onus be on the german security services to preserve the privacy of one of germany 's most important people ? 
  as a german citizen , would getting assurances from a foreign power that they wo n't spy on you anymore really set your mind at ease ? 
  do we even have roaming packs of roma in the us ? 
  seems like it 'd be expensive for them to get here . 
  i believe they actually have less active warheads than the us at the moment . 
  under the treaty , they 're allowed `` upgrades '' to the existing stockpile of nukes . 
  what they seem to be doing is `` upgrading '' some of their stockpiled warheads into new weapons systems , which is n't allowed ... specifically medium-range weapons that are only airborne for a short time , making them extremely hard to intercept . 
  they 're also apparently doing stuff like recreating rail-based icbm launchers , which are n't covered under the latest treaties , because at the time neither the us nor russia fielded any ( because they follow an antiquated doctrine ) . 
  it looks like russia might be using that as a loophole to build new icbm launchers while technically adhering to the treaty . 
  it 's also worth noting that the [ new start ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/new_start#deadlines ) treaty allows the russians to inspect the us missile defense system/silos at vandenberg air base . 
  really ? 
  not even one link to a thread full of unprovoked euro-hate ? 
  maybe i do n't subscribe to the same subs as you , but the hate seems pretty even handed lately , especially in light of the nsa revelations . 
   putin sometimes seems to be so ** engorged in ** russia 's past greatness that he forgets the facts of today . 
  i love this ambiguous typo , because you can correct it in two ways and have it still make sense : '' * engrossed in * '' vs '' * engorged by * '' i prefer the second , since it fits with putin 's manly facade , and implies his forgetfulness is from lack of bloodflow to the brain . 
  i think that perhaps he 's referring to the idea that there are two forms of european nationalism : a subjective-political form with its roots in the enlightenment -- this being a democratic form of nationalism founded on the sovereignty of the people which does not depend on ethnic or linguistic considerations . 
  e.g. , the 1789 revolution . 
  your relative `` frenchness '' or `` englishness '' is defined by your personal virtue . 
  an objective-cultural form with its roots in the romantic movement . 
  this form denies the individual any choice in the matter ; what 's important is language , culture , and ` race ' . 
  for various reasons ( some quite understandable given their context ) some countries went with the former , some with the latter . 
  interesting , thanks . 
  is the dutch media really covering anthony weiner ? 
  or has it just been on reddit too much to ignore ? 
  i thought it was interesting that the youngest european generation actually ticked up a couple percent for that question . 
  maybe it reflects the myriad of independence movements across europe ? 
  i 'm not the one who brought up teenagers or free passes . 
  that 's your pile of strawmen , friend . 
  if you 'd like to continue arguing with yourself , though , i 'm interested in seeing where you take things next . 
  you seem to be a big proponent of literacy classes -- how many have you taken ? 
  have you considered trying something else ? 
  no offense , but i 'm not seeing much evidence for their efficacy . 
  so you just randomly wanted to know if i 'm a minor ? 
  it has no bearing on the argument ? 
  you were n't just trying to insult me or dismiss me ? 
  either you 're a clumsy pedophile or simply posess the rhetorical ability of a potato . 
  you did . 
  remember when you tried to dismiss my argument because it came from a teenager ? 
  think hard , it might be beyond your ability to recall , it was almost 45 minutes ago . 
  make sure you do n't forget to downvote this post , or else you might lose the argument !, 
  you * would * continue arguing with a teenager , would n't you ? 
  it 's ok , downvote this post as well , maybe you 'll feel better . 
  sorry , i should have just pasted `` nope '' a few times . 
   i do n't understand what 's going on here . 
  where am i ? 
  i know . 
  your inability to make a consistent argument or understand any critique is a failing on your part , not mine . 
  downvote this post and move on . 
  your immaturity does n't seem to allow for anything else . 
   no , that 's a completely different point . 
  you actually do n't know how law  works . 
  your proposed law still relies on a judge or prosecutors discretion , provides no further safety for a benevolent hacker , and offers a malevolent hacker somewhere to hide . 
  you must be a lawyer . 
   is there a compelling public interest in you securing your ferrari ? 
  so these protections are only for certain companies , not all ? 
  who decides which companies get to be practice targets and which are safe ? 
   you 're the one who started asking irrelevant questions about vaults of  money . 
  the analogy was between a hacker breaking into a figurative vault with money inside it , or a `` practice '' vault with worthless paper inside . 
  the skill is the same . 
  hackerfests have been doing this for decades . 
   are you familiar with how law works ? 
  you do n't just get to name a law ,  and then everyone has to go home . 
  ... which was my original point , that this is hard to legislate effectively and is best left to the discretion of prosecutors . 
  why fill pages with legalese if it does n't gain you anything ? 
   yes there is . 
  the same reason i ca n't practice on my own mt. 
  everest , or  learn martial arts by practicing with a dummy . 
  there are plenty of legal ways for a hacker to practice his skill without doing it with someone elses equipment . 
  besides , this is a pretty terrible justification regardless . 
  i ca n't easily practice my ferrari-stealing skills -- should i be able to use yours ? 
   what purpose does it serve to allow children to eat bananas ? 
  how many  beans are in my cupboard ? 
  have you had a stroke ? 
  malicious in the view of the company 's it department .
