  '' , which culminated in my comment about the predominant world view : `` it 's insular and ignorant , sure , but if europeans had the same experiences they 'd be just as patriotic . '', 
  the words are right in front of your fucking face . 
  read them . 
   sure it is mr. freedom fighter . 
  you keep saying that whilst bombing arab farmers for oil . 
  it must be glorious to be ` murrican . 
  ignorance is bliss . 
  tell tony blair we said thanks . 
  also , you only stopped terrorizing the middle east because your economy collapsed after world war 2 , with your last hurrah trying to bomb the shit of egypt in the 1950 's . 
  great selective memory , though . 
   do you know what the ecb governing council is ? 
  it 's the governors of the national central banks of the euro area countries plus the executive board of the ecb . 
  germany 's bundesbank governor gets to vote against ( and being the largest economy its vote counts more than others ) any ecb policies . 
  here is how the system [ 1 ] works if you 'd like to educate yourself a little . 
  thanks for saying literally nothing that contradicts what i said . 
  feel free to just link to wikipedia articles next time . 
   nope . 
  germany 's arguments were that qe would mean italy and france would not implement the nessecary reforms . 
  which looks like its holding true . 
  http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/01/25/ecb-policy-weidmann-idusl6n0v30aq20150125[2] you should research jens weidmann before opening your incredibly misinformed mouth again and looking like a fool . 
  but i highly doubt that will happen . 
  you 'd rather `` protect '' your country by telling me i 'm wrong about subjects you know nothing about . 
  reply if you want , i have humoured you enough and will not be reading it . 
  when did i mention qe ? 
  do you even know what qe entails , you low-information chav ? 
  i predict the ` ideology of kebab ' making an appearance here soon . 
   it is not ok to suggest that members of different cultures or races are incapable of cohabiting . 
  so a submission which says zionist jews and isis members may not be capable of cohabitating is bannable , but we can say it in the comments ? 
   woah there friend . 
  you seem very hurt by my comments . 
  they were not meant to cause offence . 
  you dismissed my entire country based on your impressions from one area . 
  i bet you would n't like it if an american dismissed the entirety of the uk after visiting hackney . 
   the outer banks is n't exactly poor , but i 'll concede it is very religious , as is 73 % of the us [ 1 ] ... 
  but as of 2010 the eu average was 51 % [ 2 ] . 
  so going by the statistics the us is generally more religious . 
  it 's also very regional , just like europe . 
  if you spent a year in the dutch bible belt or meteora you 'd have a really warped perception of what europe is like , if you tried to extrapolate out to the rest of the continent . 
   there is a difference between being taken to court for publishing false or inaccurate statements and just randomly threatening to sue people , do n't you think ? 
  uk libel laws put the burden of proof on the defendant , so unlike frivolous lawsuits in the us where the plaintiff has to prove their case , the frivolous lawsuits in the uk must be actively defended against or the defendant faces serious consequences . 
  and for authors , that has frequently resulted in their work being censored . 
  the un has even criticized it . 
  so yeah , you 're right , i do see a difference . 
   is n't the same applicable to europe , i.e. 
  europeans are the majority in europe . 
  europe is n't a country , dude . 
  the us is one country . 
  common language , common goals , common history , common culture , common economy . 
  last i checked , a norwegian still has no fucking idea what a sicilian is saying , and germans are still telling the economies of their neighbor states to go fuck themselves . 
   and what experiences would those be ? 
  ... not having your constituent countries fucked up by war every couple decades for the last several centuries ? 
  having a single monoculture , language , and economy ? 
  winning the last global war without any damage to your own country ? 
  having an industrial and technological head start over every other country post-45 ? 
  have so much soft power that within 10 years english becomes the lingua franca ? 
  landing a fucking man on the moon ? 
  watching your only near-peer , the soviet union , collapse and `` win '' the cold war ? 
  if the history of european countries took them on that trajectory , they 'd be feeling pretty good about themselves , too . 
  and i 'm not holding out nationalism as a good thing , by the way , just pointing out why you might have experienced more of it in the us than you 're used to . 
  it 's specifically because of our perceived successes that the us is patriotic , and specifically because of europe 's challenges that much of it is not . 
  it 's a culture shock , sure , but immediately dismissing it as bad and drawing comparisons with hitler is a little much . 
  us patriotism is built on many objectively good things , nazi germany 's patriotism was built on nationalist scapegoating and demagoguery . 
   i do n't suppose you 'd understand the intricacies of inter-eu negotiations and germany 's reluctance to `` bail-out '' the rest of the ez . 
  germany does n't need to bail out anyone , they just need to stop cockblocking the ecb and allow greece to spend what 's necessary to return to growth and employment . 
  the ecb can create and destroy money at will , it is the currency issuer . 
  it does n't need to collect anything from anyone before pressing a button on a computer and crediting the greek central banks account with an extra 500bn euros . 
  germany is making a moronic moral argument that harkens back to the gold standard by insisting that the supply of money remain essentially fixed , ignoring the fact that it 's export-driven economy can not continue to thrive on imported euros while simultaneously disallowing more currency from entering the countries doing the importing . 
  and when the imports stop , germanys exports stop . 
  oh , and this is while the ez is in the midst of deflation . 
  brilliant . 
  i 'm sure you agree with germany , though . 
  that is what foodstamps are for , and they 're readily available . 
  if kids are going hungry it 's because of parental neglect . 
  ... spending a year living in the poorest , most religious part of the us does n't really qualify you to review the entire country . 
  that 'd be like an american spending a year in greece and determining that europe is hyper-religious , xenophobic , and has a shit economy . 
  i live in new england , and the only people who make baseless threats to sue are the poorest , most ignorant people who literally pick up those threats from watching too much jerry springer or maury . 
  it 's just a variation of `` fuck you . '', 
  americans are probably more litigious than parts of europe , but it 's a little ironic that this particular critique is coming from a brit , since london is the world capital of libel lawsuit tourism . 
  this part of the us is filled with people more likely to identify with europe 's social democrats , they are n't nationalists , they 're irreligious , and they want to drastically restrict gun ownership . 
  americans are generally patriotic and nationalist because we have nearly an entire continent to ourselves , our culture and economy have made us hegemons for nearly 100 years , and generally see ourselves as number one on the world scoreboard . 
  it 's insular and ignorant , sure , but if europeans had the same experiences they 'd be just as patriotic . 
  i can say that with authority because america is mostly populated with people who came here from europe . 
  also , europe is filled with nationalist parties at the moment . 
  again , ironic that a brit is criticizing american nationalism , with your on-again/off-again relationship with the eu ... not to mention the plethora of nationalist movements sprouting up all over europe , especially in the wake of the ham-fisted reaction the ecb has had to the financial crisis which has been more interested in helping banks than helping the average european citizen . 
  but i digress , i guess . 
  you 'd fit in fine along the west coast or new england . 
  move to a college town in one of those areas and you might even be called a fascist . 
  i remember visiting sydney in 2002 and marveling at how cheap everything was . 
  the aud was weak , the usd was strong , and iirc your economy was n't doing so hot . 
  i could have had an enormous apartment with views of the opera house and a * dock * for $ 2k/mo usd . 
  i remember being on a bus out to the blue mountains and seeing this gorgeous little farm in a valley for sale as we drove by , something like 100 acres , advertised at the equivalent of $ 100k usd . 
  i knew at the time that they were amazing prices . 
  if only i was n't a broke backpacker ... 
  what 's that guy holding ? 
  thanks, 
  how are the large numbers of german minijobs that pay ~ $ 500/mo factored into this ? 
  ... you started this entire farce by injecting stalin 's birthplace into a conversation about whether soviets were russian . 
  whatever axe you have to grind would probably be better suited for a brand new thread instead of trying to interject it into barely related topics . 
  unless you 're trying to tell me the communist revolution wouldnt have happend without stalin , then i 'm not sure why you 're trying to drag this into a tangential debate about the linguistic origins of ethnic concepts . 
  next you 'll tell me napoleon was n't really french , as if its a grand revelation that has meaning beyond you choosing pedantry over history .
