  if you do not allow greece to devalue its currency , then you * must * expect to make fiscal transfers to them , as they will be forced to run deficits . 
  if greece returned to the drachma , the cost of german exports would rise ( and here we see the circular nature of the euro experiment ) , but local greek resources and idle labor could be put back into production . 
  the greek central bank would have the freedom to create drachma out of thin air , and the government could use greek money to match idle labor with idle resources to create real economic growth . 
  this is the power of deficit spending by a sovereign , currency-issuing government . 
  currently , greece must borrow in a currency it does not control , meaning default is a real risk . 
  meanwhile , japan , which controls its own currency , is pushing 250 % debt : gdp and is in no risk of default . 
  the very foundations of the eurozone are broken . 
  there are two options : brutal austerity to drive debtor nations into chaos and poverty , as has already been happening in greece over the last 5 years , with their gdp collapsing by 25 % and youth unemployment over 60 % . 
  those numbers represent genuine tragedies -- social as well as economic -- that will take decades to overcome , even if all the politicians suddenly come to an agreement tomorrow . 
  the other option is for the industrialized nations of the north to understand that their export-driven economies are only thriving because of the misery they 're inflicting on their southern neighbors , and if they continue that misery then they will be driving themselves right off a cliff . 
  i mean , germany is running enormous external surpluses , like 7 or 8 % ( which is way beyond the 6 % limit embedded in the sgp germany is currently hitting greece over the head with , by the way ) -- where do you think all those extra euros are coming from ? 
  italy , spain , and greece . 
  and germany is n't spending those euros either , its hoarding them . 
  all this while its imports from other member states drop . 
  what happens when you limit the ability of the eurozone to create new euros , limit its ability to send money where its needed ( to match idle resources with idle labor anywhere in the union ) , and force member states to compete for a limited pool of those euros ? 
  the strong economies will pillage the weak economies until there 's nothing left , and then they too will fail . 
  germany has kept its domestic wages artificially low for years , has chronically underfunded infrastructure investment , and most recently has zero employment growth . 
  the effect is real and the northern states seem blind to what 's coming . 
  a lot of people do n't understand that this money is dispersed in the form of snap payments , school and housing subsidies , and other payments targeted at poor communities . 
  letting those people fend for themselves so a californian or new yorker can buy an extra tv would be a pretty shitty thing to do , and the social consequences of telling half the country to fuck off would have some serious long-term consequences that most people probably are n't thinking about . 
  the united states does this every year , with fiscal transfers from rich northern states to poor southern states . 
  it 's the price of creating a cohesive union ... but if you can look beyond that price , you 'd see that it creates a much stronger , unified state in the end . 
  the cost is cheap in comparison . 
  the eu is going to slowly disintegrate unless there 's a drastic change in mindset . 
  every country can not run primary surpluses indefinitely , they are n't even a sound economic policy in the best of times . 
  germany 's obsession with austerity is fracturing the eu along economic lines , reinforcing nationalist separatist parties and reinvigorating intra-eu competition that the eu was designed to help end . 
  all this while claiming to stand for progressive values . 
  it 's a tragedy . 
  the worlds biggest economy is the western hemisphere !, 
  companies can sue for anything they want ... that 's how the legal system works . 
  it does n't mean they 'll win . 
  getting hysterical over this is ridiculous . 
  maybe you should hold off on celebrating your large `` national economy '' until you 've stopped shitting all over the economies of southern europeans . 
  might as well include mexico and canada in the us share with these standards . 
  just turn off custom subreddit css in options , it 's never an improvement over default reddit . 
  ... except during the new deal era , the government * was * the largest employer , and government `` debt '' * was * what paid for it all . 
  by 1945 fdr had grown the national debt from $ 20bn to $ 260bn ( in 1945 dollars ) , with increases of 50 % a year in the years right after the crash . 
  yeah , but it wo n't happen with so many disparate states en masse . 
  it has to start small -- say , germany and austria . 
  then add the czech republic . 
  eventually you could integrate poland and the low countries !, 
   leaks from a secret bnd document suggest that its monitoring station at bad aibling checked whether european companies were breaking trade embargos after a request from the nsa . 
  seeing if airbus is selling advanced technology to countries under embargo seems like something you 'd expect intelligence agencies to be interested in . 
  `` industrial espionage '' implies they were gathering trade secrets to give to american competitors , which is n't what was happening here . 
  ... and considering the people who wrote that included slavery in the new republic , is it really confusing as to what they really thought ? 
  the goal was to give white christian men more freedom and liberty than they had in europe at the time ... and they succeeded . 
  just because `` white christian men '' is a trope the 21st century loves to pillory as being overprivileged , does n't mean it was n't a worthy goal in the 18th century while europe was being ruled be absolutists . 
  and i 'd argue that that idea of american liberty had a pretty positive influence on europe over the next couple hundred years , even if native populations suffered or south america was meddled with in the heart of the cold war . 
  it 's disingenuous to claim `` liberty '' is an empty word by pointing to one or two failings . 
  if you hold that `` good '' must be synonymous with `` perfection '' then you 're either intentionally trying to circlejerk about `` murica sucks ! '', 
  or you 're incapable of making honest evaluations of the evolution of governance over the last few centuries . 
  why would you dismiss the entire article because of the authors little rhetorical flourish at the very end ? 
  all he was trying to say is that europe needs to focus on big-picture ideas ... yet here you are rushing to rehash europe 's favorite piece of banter , * why american exceptionalism is so stupid !, 
  * and this is before we even get to the stretch you 're making with this criticism anyway . 
  the idea of `` liberty '' never applied to slaves , natives , iranians or south americans . 
  it was always a policy directed inwards , and slowly expanded over time . 
  there 's nothing hypocritical about that . 
  russia uses gas as a weapon to sew disunity in europe . 
  they charge different prices to further those goals -- germany gets an excellent price on gas , making them more reluctant to take any actions that might upset that deal and negatively impact their economy . 
  same deal with having a pipeline that avoids ukraine -- now germany has much less incentive to aggressively push back against russian encroachment in ukraine as its gas supplies are not threatened by interruptions in ukrainian pipelines ; conversely , their cheap prices are threatened by intervention . 
  we saw this all play out already with german reluctance to sanction russia . 
  it was n't until russia shot a bunch of civilians out of the sky that they begrudgingly acted . 
  by moving gas transit out of ukraine , ukraine loses the only leverage it has to remain free from russian domination . 
  europe loses its incentive to defend ukraine from domination . 
  and multiple import routes of russian gas , allowing russia to further manipulate gas prices to individual european countries , further allows them to play european countries off of each other by using energy as a political weapon . 
  ideally the eu should have blocked nord stream , and will continue to block any southern routes , forcing russia to use ukraine , and ensuring everyone stays interested in what happens to the europeans currently stuck in a warzone . 
  the last 10 years of geopolitical maneuvering make this look incredibly unlikely though , unfortunately . 
  russia is single-minded in its efforts to bludgeon the eu with gas , and the eu seems blind to the threat . 
   blah blah blah k  you said germany has no vote on the ecb , i proved you wrong . 
  sorry this is beyond your comprehension . 
  perhaps you should stop replying if you do n't understand ? 
  do me a favor and quote where i said germany has no vote on the ecb council , because i 'm pretty sure you just pulled that out of your ass . 
  i 've never met someone who so consistently forgets what prior posts said while they 're writing the next one . 
  this is like talking to someone with alzheimer 's . 
   you either implied greece should start its own currency or that the ecb should initiate qe . 
  which one are you going to pick retard ? 
  qe has nothing to do with spending , you thick-skulled troglodyte . 
  qe is an asset swap whose only goal is to stimulate inflation , which it will likely fail miserably at anyway . 
  it does nothing to address greek debt or the seriously underfunded greek budget . 
   i can now truly appreciate what he meant , thank you american . 
  i will not be reading your next comment , good day . 
  you said that in your last comment , too , but i 'm sure you forgot . 
   so do n't come and live in britain then ... are you having trouble following the conversation ? 
  i brought up uk libel tourism because you said that the us was too litigious for your liking , making it an odd critique coming from a brit . 
  i did n't bring it up because i was thinking of moving there . 
   if that is the definition of a country then china india russia and every other large federalised nation are n't a countries . 
  just like a chechan will not be able to understand a tartar speaker . 
  you are surely the pinnacle of intelligence with this new found definition of `` country '' . 
  those countries meet all but maybe one or two of those off-the-hip criteria . 
  europe has n't managed even one . 
  what do you define a state as ? 
  whatever the fuck you feel like to help you win internet arguments ? 
   aww , you are so proud of what the british did huh . 
  yes , thanks for losing the war . 
   this is the reason i do n't want to live in america , because of people like you . 
  with an ignorant view of history and the world . 
  thank you for illustrating my point so succinctly . 
  christ , you 're dumb . 
  you literally ca n't follow this conversation . 
  that paragraph was an expansion of `` why is america so patriotic ?
