  the few that * have * been translated are exhorbitantly expensive , like [ nipperdey ] ( http://www.amazon.com/germany-napoleon-bismarck-thomas-nipperdey/dp/069102636x/ref=sr_1_1?ie=utf8&amp;qid=1360375205&amp;sr=8-1&amp;keywords=thomas+nipperdey ) . 
  there 's just no demand here for german history unless it happened after 1933 , even on wikipedia it seems . 
  it sucks . 
  whoa . 
  you 've had half a million polish immigrants in 8 years ? 
  what about second gen families ? 
  in the us tons of kids grow up learning polish to varying levels of proficiency at home while still being fluent in english . 
  how `` speaks polish '' is defined can give you widely varying numbers . 
  anyon know what the definition of `` speaks polish '' is ? 
  level of fluency , etc ? 
  yeah , with that much from the eu and the us we 'd have terraformed mars by now !, 
  .75 % of gdp ?!, 
  nasa 's budget is currently just 0.001 % of gdp !, 
  ` rance . 
  it 's so depressing to see russia revert back into totalitarianism after the hope of 1991 . 
  the us really screwed up by not being more proactive in institutionalizing democracy there . 
  too busy celebrating to notice what was happening . 
  wow , look at switzerland . 
  1.91 % reference rate . 
  upvotes all around , then !, 
  you were making sense until the last sentence . 
  that 's common in german restaurants here . 
  we use it on porkchops , too . 
  like most things here , though , it 's been marketed as a stand-alone snack so people will buy more of it . 
  pretty unhealthy too , since most of it is sold with lots of sugar added . 
  seriously ? 
  well that does n't bode well for the future ... 
  i did n't really , but we have a certain reputation to uphold . 
  get your shit together , man . 
  let me set your mind at ease : i mixed up sweden and finland . 
  from a utilitarian point of view you 're probably right ... but from a cultural and literary perspective you 're very wrong . 
  there are many words , concepts , and idioms unique to a language that make a true translation of the authors intent impossible . 
  by focusing on only one language , you lose access to thousands of years of literature . 
  you can no longer live vicariously through the words of an ancient author , but instead through the haphazard voice of a modern interpreter . 
  the us has had decades of relatively small numbers of ethnic minority immigration . 
  at its peak in the mid 2000s , immigrants from south america were arriving at a rate equal to less than one-third of one-percent of the total population of the us . 
  this was a peak rate , involving immigration from relatively stable but economically poor countries , of people racially similar and differing in ethnicity only , and of similar or identical religious belief . 
  and still , integration is difficult , and hispanic/latino crime and incarceration rates continue at more than double the per-capita rate for the non-hispanic majority ( via [ wisqars ] ( http://www.cdc.gov/injury/wisqars/ ) ) . 
  germany alone wants to take in more than 1 % of its population per year from a region devastated by war and religious extremism . 
  border countries like greece can be expecting 2-3 % , and they are * far * less economically capable of dealing with that number of people than the us is , let alone a people so much more culturally and racially diverse . 
  i do n't think you can handwave all of the us 's integration problems as `` slavery '' and pretend that it will go perfectly fine everywhere else . 
  yes , my ancestors were immigrants , and they killed the native population and stole their land . 
  immigration is hard for people who look similar , the us has a long history of persecuting its immigrants for being irish , dutch , catholic ... you name it . 
  integration is easier , though , because after a couple generations those cultural `` tells '' are gone . 
  racially diverse immigrants do n't have that luxury ... the faces of they and their successive generations are permanent signs that tell the world `` im different '' . 
  and despite everyones best intentions , the fact that those ` signs ' will always exist , will always cause strife , will always be markers for exclusion or inclusion , will always be a reminder that two people can have widely different identities and backgrounds and self-narratives . 
  and this is in our hypothetical future world where everyone is actively * trying * to work together . 
  integration is an enormous task , and doing it 1 million uneducated people at a time is a recipe for failure and centuries of future social inequity . 
  this is a short term feel-good measure where europeans get to pat themselves on the back , yet they doom future generations to having to begin dealing with the problem . 
  and to be clear i 'm not arguing against diversity , which is fantastic . 
  it can create an environment of dynamic creativity and innovation . 
  what i 'm arguing against is the throw-caution-to-the-wind method of letting millions of people into your stable , western country without having any more than the faintest idea of how your own country will be affected , or of how to begin the extremely long process of integration . 
  in what way has integration in the us gone well ? 
  the minority crime rate is exponentially higher than the majority , there 's widespread minority poverty , terrifying drug use statistics , and they 're being killed by the police for dubious reasons every week . 
  and we 've been trying to integrate racial minorities for 150 years now . 
  and ours have mostly been the same religion !, 
  good luck , man ... but do n't underestimate the challenge you 're facing . 
  merkel can spend $ 7bn at the drop of a hat to help non-europeans , but when actual europeans -- the greeks -- need help , they get ` moral hazard ' waved in their faces . 
  where is the moral hazard in loosing millions of undocumented , uneducated , culturally-alien refugees upon europe ? 
  and still no help for the countries bearing the burden most severely , like greece ? 
  it 's bizarre . 
  interesting insight , i think you 'd find a receptive audience in / r/investing if you felt inclined . 
  yes , among others, 
   absolutely !, 
  basic rule of contract making - agree how to resolve disputes and how to exit the relationship while you are still on good terms !, 
  when the crisis hits the fan there is little room for logic and common sense . 
  yet this sub hates dispute resolution mechanisms when they 're included in trade agreements . 
   incredible landing normal windy landing have you never been to an airport in bad weather before , op ? 
  because minijobs greatly expanded the class of working poor , exacerbating germany 's growing inequality . 
  minijobs come with no social security or pension entitlements , and their existence allows employers to hire multiple minijobbers instead of a single full-timer . 
  it decreases social stability and increases the number of people living paycheck to paycheck . 
  but at least it makes your unemployment numbers look good . 
  20 % of german jobs are now `` minijobs '' , combining a low wage with zero benefits . 
  this is how germany is able to run such high structural surpluses , it depresses domestic wages . 
  for a defeated , broken ( literally ) nation ... germany seems to have done pretty well with america over the last 70 years . 
  i think people are forgetting what a true adversarial relationship looks like , especially when they begin comparing the us to china and the ussr because it collects intelligence . 
  `` thanks for rebuilding our continent , shielding us from the iron curtain , and acting as out military for 70 years while we dicked around ! '', 
  `` you read our emails ??? 
  you are basically stalin ! '', 
  clearly intelligence agencies just sit on their hands and only jump into action once another state declares themselves to be your enemy !, 
  that the emu was created for primarily geopolitical purposes is a fine argument , but you ca n't ignore the economic realities of its inevitable failure ( unless used as a stepping stone to something greater , which looks increasingly unlikely ) . 
  the author is trying to handwave that reality away ( with a ham-fisted , confused avalanche of facts that confuse the us under the gold standard to europe using fiat ) , and in doing so her only point ends up being `` ignore all the specifics , guys , this is just people trying to move forward together !, 
  hopefully !! '', 
  nobody expects politicians to get legislation right the first time , every time , but when problems are pointed out by experts , the response from other academics should be `` thanks for the insight '' , not some condescending appeal to ignore the details and hope it all works out -- it 'll only work out if knowledgeable people point out the problem and discuss it !, 
  anyway , most economic commentators in this instance are n't guilty of the same thing , because the geopolitical implications are clear from their economic commentary -- subservience to germany ( and any other member that chases large structural surpluses ) , or fracture and a return to nationalism . 
  she 's just trying to dismiss the economic realities by shoehorning in her own geopolitical interpretation of events -- because geopolitics are her academic niche . 
  what a blowhard . 
  same reason germany is -- depressed domestic wages , ironically intended to boost exports . 
  the disaster of the eurozone is going to hit the rest of northern europe soon enough . 
  much of your confusion ( but not all of it ) seems to arise from a misunderstanding of money at the level of statehood . 
  at this level , money is not an immutable store of value , something that can never be created nor destroyed ; governments do not use money the way households do , and trying to understand national budgeting using your own household as an example is not an accurate way of interpreting the situation . 
  money here is a tool for matching idle labor with idle resources to create real economic growth . 
  asking if greece can be `` trusted '' with more money belies a fundamental misunderstanding of the problems facing greece . 
  the state of their economy , and the foundations of the emu , * demand * deficit spending to bring greece out of recession . 
  the imf , shockingly , has even said that greece 's debt is unsustainable . 
  you are parroting a `` moral hazard '' argument that is predominantly used by those who fundamentally misunderstand how the monetary union works . 
  greece 's debt is nearly 350bn euros . 
  the highest estimates i 've seen of uncollected tax revenue and corruption waste are 30bn a year . 
  even if greece were to fix this overnight , it would still take more than a decade to pay off the debt , assuming they pay no interest . 
  but even if this magical event were to take place , there would still be the reality of seeing an * additional * 30bn euros per year * leaving * greece , the exact opposite of what needs to happen to create economic growth in greece .
