  to them , all they see is traffic trying to breach their security . 
  what if some kid just wants to practice his skills against a companys servers all day ? 
  the it department has to deal with that , without knowing it 's just a `` white hat '' hacker , and with the perpetrator having a `` get out of jail free '' card just by claiming innocence under the provisions here . 
  there 's no reason why white-hat hackers ca n't practice on their own equipment , and offer their skills to companies who hire them . 
  what purpose does it serve to allow people to break into a vault filled with actual money , instead of one filled with bundles of newspaper ? 
  is n't carving out an exception for vigilate-style white-hat hackers an extremely difficult thing to codify ? 
  how do you word it in such a way that people with malicious intent ca n't just pretend they were there to help if caught ? 
  this seems like one of those things where you need to rely on the judgement of your police and prosecutors as to whether or not to charge the person with a crime . 
  every exception ca n't be written into the law or you risk unintended consequnces while simultaneously making the law extremely hard to interpret . 
  besides , do you really want to be opening the floodgates for kids to start hacking private servers with no repercussions , as long as they tell the company of their findings ? 
  that 's a lot of malicious activity for companies to deal with . 
  especially when they can just as easily hire a security consultant to do the same thing . 
   however when the norwegian nobel peace prize committee decided to  give it to obama it was not for his words alone !, 
  if not his words , and not his actions , then what ? 
  his campaign slogan ? 
   unlike your typical american prizes for achievements , this prize was  given to encourage and with hope that it could affect future outcomes . 
   other nobel laurates have seen doors `` open '' , and felt a need to act  accordingly [ as written in their biographies ] . 
  giving them momentum , a  moral burden and hopefully respect from their opponents . 
  past winners have actually accomplished something other than winning a demagogic popularity contest . 
  i 've not read of any past winners feeling a moral duty to the prize , but even if i take your word for it , that 's a ridiculous justification . 
  why not award one to every person on the planet , then , if you 're so confident in its mystical ability to make laureates peaceful ? 
  what you forget is that every laureate who fools you into awarding one based on oratorical cruft and not tangible action dilutes the significance of the award . 
  and to award one to a man who * already professed * all the ideals you wish to instil in him makes your reasoning all the more absurd . 
  rewarding a prize to a man on those terms makes a mockery of him * and * you , and lessens the impact of all future prizes . 
   it was by no means a sure thing , it was a long shot . 
  it was also meant  to reward the proper democratic process in the us ( see bush-gore ) ;  and the first half-black president was worth noting . 
  bush v gore * was * the proper democratic process . 
  what better outcome could be expected than a * split decision * , by the nations * highest court * , when deciding between candidates for the * most powerful position on the planet * , with only ~ * 500 votes * separating them ? 
  if ever there were going to be a moment in modern history where liberalism falters under the immense strain of powerful men vying for supremacy , that was it . 
  yet it did n't . 
  the court was free to bicker between themselves , there was no show trial . 
  the media broadcast every moment , and spent the next year analyzing every detail . 
  even retired justices second guessed their own opinions a decade later . 
  if all of that looks to you like signs of an unhealthy democracy , and something the nobel prize committee should be looking to dissuade with it 's award , then you 're right -- americans will continue to look upon your award with bemusement . 
  maybe in the future you 'll reward men for their actions , not their words , and save the medals until the end of their term . 
  just fyi , [ we still have separate state flags and state anthems ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_u.s._state_songs ) . 
  people from the left and the right have been complaining about government overreach and invasion of privacy for a decade . 
  obama ran on a platform of transparency , and was elected with the promise to rectify the missteps of bush . 
  has any of that come to pass ? 
  thanks for the tutorial in democracy , but i think we 're facing some systemic issues that are n't easily solved by platitudes like `` campaign for good people ! '', 
  plenty of us care , we 're just jaded from the endless erosion of privacy over the last decade in this country . 
  even when the politicians run on platforms of transparency and respect for civil liberties , they about-face as soon as they get elected . 
  they do n't listen to us . 
  maybe they 'll listen to you . 
  it took me a few seconds to realize that was just the docks that had risen with the water !, 
  a [ job guarantee ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/job_guarantee ) would probably lead to less abuse , and would n't attrit the skills of your otherwise unemployed workforce . 
  just as a comparison , here in the us it 's about 8 eurocents/kwh for residential electricity , and about 15 % of that is taxes . 
  yeah , i get it , just surprised . 
  everyone here seems to have nothing but positive things to say !, 
  i certainly understand the practical reasons for the change , but have none of you romanticized your currency ? 
  i mean the franc , for example , has been used for hundreds of years . 
  are you all genuinely stoic and levelheaded enough to not be bothered by the loss of a national , sovereign currency ? 
  i think if the us ever tried to replace the dollar with some sort of north american universal equivalent , most people would be against it just based on patriotic pride ... even if it was the best economic choice . 
  at the very least it 'd be a somber introduction !, 
  i did n't get that at all . 
  he 's obviously not a super wealthy developer , as he appears to be doing all the work himself . 
  he 's just thrilled to have gotten such a good deal ( relative to the exorbitant re prices in the uk , anyway ) . 
  besides , you 'd have to know more about this location to figure out just how good of a deal it really is . 
  it 's probably miles from any real infrastructure . 
  and for it to have been abandoned for 30 years , and to have become known to someone as far down on the buyer hierarchy as this foreign guy ( i.e. , the developers who live and breathe real estate have obviously passed on it ) , then it 's probably not as impressive a deal as you think it is . 
  got ta keep the helots in line . 
  is it really so onerous to ask people who were born in germany and have lived there all their lives to give up a foreign passport ? 
  you do n't lose your ethnicity just by giving up your turkish passport . 
  ireland got a lot brighter , too . 
  do you think this would have been an easier problem to overcome if the eu had n't grown so fast ? 
  e.g. , begin with france and germany , and then slowly integrate one new member every 10 years ? 
  i do that everywhere . 
  in my younger years i used to be a dirty backpacker and even sewed a couple canadian flags on my bag . 
  under a fiat system sovereign governments create money when they want to spend , they 're not revenue constrained . 
  check this out : http://heteconomist.com/parable-of-a-monetary-economy/, 
  raising taxes wo n't magically make corporations bring profits home . 
  taxes are not the governments salary . 
  spending is not dependent upon revenue . 
  bill clinton presided over the dotcom boom . 
  he did n't put us in a surplus merely by raising taxes . 
  bush cut taxes and ran a deficit ... what you 're supposed to do during a recession . 
  i 'm not judging * how * he spent , just that it 's stupid to act as if bush did everything wrong and clinton had a golden touch . 
  wow ... such jaded isolationism . 
  it 's a pretty ubiquitous idiom in the us . 
  you 've really never heard it before ? 
  where ya from ? 
  sounded like she used it appropriately to me ... 
  it 's stuff like this that 's going to force censorship and fraction the internet into national firewalls , not sopa or acta . 
  i think it 's pretty interesting . 
  we 're each far more similar to each other than not ( relative to the rest or the world , at least ) , so it 's neat to see the effects of slightly different policies or cultural baggage on our respective development . 
  wow . 
  no , man , * no * . 
  calling france-italy as homogenous as new mexico-massachusetts is ridiculous . 
   if you want the economy to serve the people maybe the american  approach is best . 
  but if you want the people to serve the economy - go  austerity . 
  that 's a great way to put it . 
  that sounds pretty cool , actually . 
   dresden mayor helma orosz said wednesday that the bombing was  deeply ingrained in the city 's memory , but stressed that germany bore  the blame for world war ii . 
  are germans uncomfortable calling the dresden firebombings unjust ? 
  as if saying that is some sort of attempt to dodge responsibility for the war ? 
  or is everyone on eggshells just because of the neo-nazi aggrandizement ? 
  would n't a free trade agreement prevent economic retaliation for policies the us does n't like ? 
  tell me more about your ever changing politics that have brought the uk such prosperity over the past century . 
  yeah , i 've actually been trying to enlarge some english articles by working through the german equivalents using google translate , but it 's slow going . 
  i 've taken a keen interest in 19th century german history lately ( sparked by reading buddenbrooks for the first time ) , and it 's ridiculous that so few major german histories have been translated to english .
