not for a long time . 
  opec can continually cut production and raise prices to counter increased efficiency and a turn to renewables , maintaining their desired level of revenue . 
  there will be a tipping point , eventually , when petroleum is so marginalized in the energy market that that trick wont work , but i do n't see it happening for at least 50 years . 
  and by then , you might have a lot of companies looking to build factories in saudi deserts , because of all that sunlight for solar power . 
  saudi support for sunni revolutionaries is n't new . 
  everyone just pretends like it does n't exist , because of political imperatives on both sides . 
  hell , at the moment , the ksa and israel are more closely aligned than the us and israel . 
  you wo n't find either celebrating that fact , though . 
  speaking from personal experience , wahabbi 's in ksa keep pictures of al bagdadi on their phone like you or i would keep pictures of our family . 
  they love him , and they 're the ones funnelling money to isis . 
  or were , at least -- isis does n't need much money now that they 're raking in hundreds of millions from illicit oil revenue and taxes in iraq and syria . 
  that does n't change the fact that ksa 's alliance with the us is still incredibly valuable to them . 
  formal good relations with the worlds most powerful military and the pre-eminent meddler in middle eastern affairs is a smart move , and its served them well over the last few decades . 
  every mideast nation says one thing and does another . 
  the entire region is a tangle of covert and overt alliances . 
  for ksa , giving lip service to the idea that isis is bad and going along with the feel good , yet ineffectual , bombing of isis makes sense . 
  the aerial campaign does nothing to deal with the power vaccuum that allowed isis to expand in the first place , so it will do nothing to change the situation on the ground . 
  might as well let the americans blow up a few hilux 's ahead of the upcoming november elections and then resume your proxy war with iran later . 
  the only reason for maidan was because putin was trying to [ blackmail ukraine ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ukraine%e2%80%93european_union_relations#russian_reaction ) into staying out of the eu . 
  why ? 
  because he 's a stereotypical thug who only cares about authoritarian strength , not the well being of the people he 's supposed to be leading . 
  greater integration in europe helps everyone but putin . 
  the west backs maidan because maidan supports democracy and peaceful integration with the world community . 
  this angers putin , because he 's a moronic crook who cares only about reliving cold war fantasies . 
  why should anyone pay russia ? 
  they 're waging war on another european country , why would you honor a contract with a madman ? 
  do the french really think this would make people distrust signing contracts with them in the future ? 
  this is n't an everyday occurance . 
  thanks for your help with that , too , poland !, 
  you make fair points . 
  op framed these issues solely as examples of american imperialism run amok amidst innocent europeans . 
  i 'm only trying to push that narrative back towards neutral territory , not absolve the us of it 's actions . 
  the line between legitimate criticism and anti-americanism is when you can or can not recognize your own nations culpability when warranted ... 
  i think op was doing the latter . 
  blaming an external threat is easy . 
  i know , we americans do it all the time . 
  it does n't fix the issues that led to the problem though , it just feeds feelings of nationalism and jingoism . 
  what am i supposed to acknowledge ? 
  that he fell back on the face saving position of `` everybodys at fault '' after getting called out on one part of his tirade , and then immediately followed up with more attempts at framing issues like masri 's detention as an american plot to sodomize innocent muslims ? 
  since when is poland so poor that a dollar bill waved in front of their face absolves them of responsibility ? 
  do you class italy circa 2004 as a developing nation as well , then ? 
  [ because they also happily complied with us renditions ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/02/24/us-italy-cia-idusbrea1n1hy20140224 ) , and then reversed convictions of their own intelligence agents due to `` state secrets '' . 
  that 's your own link , by the way . 
  are you a ukip supporter or something ? 
   i notice how you side step everything else in my post . 
  stuff that is less easily defendable - the german man being sodomised by the cia for instance . 
  i 'm editing my original post as time allows . 
  i already discussed masri . 
  oh , please . 
  you 're trying to remove all agency from europeans and placing all the blame on the american temptress with her bags of money . 
  if i accept $ 15mn for letting someone punch a baby all day , i guess i 'm just an innocent victim of a rich mans whims , right ? 
  how could i say no to that ? 
   the us can setup secret black site cia torture prisons in lithuania , poland and romania with impunity . 
  why is the us the only one that gets blamed for this ? 
  we did n't invade poland and demand somewhere to torture people . 
  we showed up with $ 15mn in cash and the polish intelligence service said `` thanks buddy , use that building over there . '', 
  the very article you linked to says this :  and in december , the european court of human rights heard arguments that poland violated international law and participated in torture by accommodating its american ally ; a decision is expected this year . 
   `` in the face of polish and united states efforts to draw a veil over these abuses , the european court of human rights now has an opportunity to break this conspiracy of silence and uphold the rule of law , '' said amrit singh , a lawyer with the open society justice initiative , which petitioned the court on behalf of a detainee who was held at the polish site . 
  how is that `` acting with impunity '' ? 
  you want to just deflect all blame onto the us because it 's easier than facing europes own problems . 
  that 's the kind of blind nationalism and demagoguery that europes far right thrives on , and sure as hell is n't going to result in stronger federalization . 
   they can take a german off the street , rape and torture him before realising he just had a similar name to a terrorist . 
  when he then went to take his case to the eu courts the us stated it could n't go further because it was classified . 
  the macedonian authorities stopped him at the border , and took it upon themselves to offer him to the cia . 
  it was then the american national security advisor who ordered his release in 2004 , an american newspaper ( ny times ) which broke the story in 2005 , and an american civil rights organization ( aclu ) which took up his cause in the court system . 
  the european court of human rights also ruled [ in favor ] ( http://www.cbc.ca/news/world/story/2012/12/13/el-masri.html ) of masri , saying he was abused in macedonian and us custody , and he was awarded 60k euros . 
  and oh , do n't forget that germany [ knew about the abduction days after it happened ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2006/06/02/world/europe/02masri.html ) and did nothing . 
   cia agents can be convicted in italian courts for crimes on italian soil but the us would never extradite their cia agents so beyond being convicted in absentia they 've basically gotten away with kidnap are you kidding ? 
  the very article you link mentions that italy 's intelligence service cooperated with the abduction and rendition , were convicted , and then had their convictions overturned due to italian `` state secrecy laws '' . 
  of course they 're going to save face by trying to deflect all the blame onto the americans involved , it 's the exact same thing you 're doing in this post . 
  `` we 're innocent , it was all the americans fault ! '', 
   the us can use it 's extradition laws to extradite a british student for violating copyright laws in the us that do n't even exist in the uk . 
  the us are so interested in defending copyright and hollywood and by us laws , [ you mean uk laws ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/extradition_act_2003 ) , right ? 
  you also failed to mention that he was [ never actually extradited ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-england-20636626 ) . 
   more subtle and less overt stuff like ensuring only american business operates at events like the london olympics . 
  in what way is mcdonalds bidding for an olympic sponsorship and getting one of the [ many monopolies sold to the highest bidder by the ioc ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/sport/datablog/2012/jul/19/london-2012-olympic-sponsors-list ) an american political machination ? 
   the international criminal court will only ever be a tool used to prosecute poor african nations warlords . 
  china , russia and the us have been ignoring the icc for a while now . 
  the un said a clear `` no '' to the iraq invasion and the us ploughed ahead anyway . 
  well , you got us there . 
  the un said no to the iraq invasion but england did kindly help us out with that anyway . 
  sarcasm aside , the blowback in the us has been huge from that , the war was immensely unpopular , and we then elected a president who finally extricated us from iraq after 10 years . 
  let 's not pretend that the un was all halos either , i 'm sure you remember the endless empty resolutions passed condemning iraq 's renewed military buildup , iraq 's launching sams at aircraft patrolling the no-fly zones , and the infamous [ oil for food scandal ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/oil-for-food_programme ) . 
   for example when the icj ruled in favour of nicaragua in the 80 's the us simply dismissed the international court of justice . 
  you heard that right when the un security council voted for the us to uphold international law and compensate nicaragua for crimes against humanity the us veto 'd it . 
  it 's like a comedy sketch . 
  the icj did n't rule that the us committed crimes against humanity . 
  from your own link : `` there is no clear evidence that the united states actually exercised such a degree of control as to justify treating the contras as acting on its behalf ... having reached the above conclusion , the court takes the view that the contras remain responsible for their acts , in particular the alleged violations by them of humanitarian law . 
  for the united states to be legally responsible , it would have to be proved that that state had effective control of the operations in the course of which the alleged violations were committed . '', 
  everything else you said is accurate , though . 
  but it 's worth pointing out that this all culminated in one of the [ largest political scandals ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/iran\u2013contra_affair ) of the last 50 years , in which a us president ignored explicit us law and continued to fund the contras . 
  it stopped when the deception was revealed . 
  bad , yes , but this is the first truly machiavellian thing in your list , and it happened over 30 years ago . 
  it 's all part of a vast conspiracy to make the british feel irrationally threatened by the presence of americans . 
  is it working ? 
  just in case anyone has n't seen it : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=erypxze9pxs, 
  you seem to think the only way for a country to remain relevant is for a strongman to subvert term limits , silence a free media , scapegoat minority populations , and rattle a nuclear sabre . 
  i 'm sorry for calling you naive , but you 're falling for classic nationalist tactics . 
  really ? 
  what makes you think the us has a persistent goal of weakening russia ?
