  what happens in between those 6 years ? 
  do we just feed them ? 
  yea most people don \u00b4 t even take a small second to think and realize that there are over 800 thousand people and that helpin them actually costs money . 
  and the money doesn \u00b4 t come from our super social politicans who make 200k + a year , no it \u00b4 s taken from society . 
  yep to hide you are actually fully supporting them . 
  i agree . 
  it won \u00b4 t happen anyways . 
  even if , we would probaply get `` freedom '' . 
  same name confused me . 
  the guy who fked up his company ? 
  i can \u00b4 t even get that high speeds . 
  and we pay 19,99 $ in the first 12 months for 100 , after that 39,99 $ . 
  not as fun though . 
  the repost game is strong in this censor hole . 
  something got ta keep the mood up eh ? 
  it \u00b4 s ignorant to say it could be more . 
  people have to do something , the goverment doesn \u00b4 t. 
  shit media was throwing shit at the pegida demo and everyone thought it was pegida . 
  sad country . 
  syria isn \u00b4 t a full on warzone . 
  we have a family friend who just went back to syria from germany , he \u00b4 s pretty wealthy and says most of syria is save . 
  please don \u00b4 t believe him . 
  the problem at our school was mostly that the teachers really couldn \u00b4 t handle them . 
  they had problems with a lot of the german hauptsch\u00fcler , but i guess the school was just understaffed . 
  one guy completly refused to learn german though . 
  the last sentence is just dumb . 
  i went to a hautpschule ( the lowest under the three normal schools in germany ) . 
  we had 3 people who couldn \u00b4 t speak german . 
  1 of them completly refused to learn anyting , one took 2 years to be able to speak 1 sentence . 
  the other one went pretty well , despite being under the worst 10 . 
  the easiest shit was to much for them . 
  how do you go about calling people gang-raping after they have been given food , shelter , water and even the chance to get their families here too . 
  those people don \u00b4 t deserve our humanity . 
  a lot of those people are not civilized . 
  yep , we have enough police for germans . 
  we don \u00b4 t have police for 1 million animals . 
  wow you guys are sad . 
  i was being sarcastic , i certainly know there is a us state called georgia . 
  i \u00b4 m sorry i confused you . 
  they won \u00b4 t go back . 
  basically everyone realized that merkel fucked up hard , not only bavaria . 
  i can \u00b4 t follow your thoughts . 
  i don \u00b4 t understand you . 
  i literally said turkey is a nice place for g20 . 
  i don \u00b4 t know anything about any bombs . 
  1000000 * 400 $ = 400000000 $ that \u00b4 s 400 million euro . 
  turkey is a nice place for g20 . 
  poor people . 
  refugees do the same to their own shelters . . 
  i would rather sell all my stuff and live in the woods ... 
  yep , completly agree . 
  just no.pliz, 
  this is getting ridiculous . 
  and what is a normal person supposed to do ? 
  yeah media in germany shows that we are all for it . 
  i am a little confused cuz i don \u00b4 t see how this works out . 
  he will cope great . 
  jails in germany are pretty nice with low violence . 
  i mean they behead people . . 
  googel merkels earnings . . 
  no i guess you can \u00b4 t just open a banana stand like this , though i would appreciate it . 
  i live in a small town with 15k + and we \u00b4 ve always had diversity . 
  i mean my whole street is basically kazakhstan . 
  she won \u00b4 t pay for anything . 
  she \u00b4 ll either be reelected ( which i doubt ) or doesn \u00b4 t get reelected and spends the rest of her live on some nice island sipping champagne . 
  maybe to stop supporting islamic extremists . . 
  i mean just maybe ... 
  #rekt . 
  well being german is not easy atm . 
  na man bmw drivers are the same on the whole world, 
  and why would i believe this picture ? 
  i mean you could have done it yourself . 
  safety problems, 
  actually tesla just proved that they fked up . 
  again . 
  please turkey just die . 
  so why do we care . 
  we already know they are a backwards shitplace with a dictator ship . 
  just fkin ignore turkey already , they are not relevant anyways . 
  it 's not in turkey tho, 
  well ofc it 's dumb look at what they protest for . . 
  yep same dumb reason , there is no need for dual citizenship . 
  as long as we accept this shit it will only get worse . 
  you got ta tell me exactly why a turk living in germany can still vote in the turkish polls in germany ?!, 
  that is just ridiculous . 
  yaay lets make more partnerships with him and help him even more !, 
  seriously fk this world , he deserves nothing but assasination . 
  thanks . 
  i did . 
  and no i have no clue how that is called and i wo n't ask . 
  yea sadly that what you quoted is not real life , atleast not for him . 
  my friends flatmate came from afghanistan 2 years ago . 
  he gets 1800 $ and the 200 for the room . 
  he spents most on drugs , alcohol . 
  goverment does, 
  yea we pay refugees double that what minimum wage workers get for about 3-6 years . 
  yeah you will be shocked . 
  yea i knew it means germany but my point was there are two germanys and only one name . 
  i do n't know if they mean miss germany on the right or miss allemagne in the middle . 
  well tell that to miss polonia , ai n't a looker herself .
