what would happen if i removed the helmet ? 
  almost as idiotic as comparing this policy to the persecution of jews by the third reich . 
  i go to ic , and we literally could n't function without foreign students and their money . 
  presumably it comes from the term for where money is printed/made . 
  adolf who ? 
  oh no , more than [ 11 % of our total ] ( http://www.cityoflondon.gov.uk/business/economic-research-and-information/research-publications/documents/research-2012/total_tax_contribution_onlineversion_pdf.pdf ) tax receipts , and # 116bn gross added to the economy . 
  disaster indeed . 
  once you become a meme , there 's no turning back, 
  london is a patchwork of exceedingly poor areas next to very , very rich areas . 
  deptford is also next door to greenwich , and there are some very dodgy estates within half a mile of earl 's court . 
  why is n't this policy ? 
  yeah , end masturbation to end circumcision !, 
   wow , just 70 years and germans dream about 1000 year reich once more ...  ** there must be something wrong with them on basic level . 
  ** more irony than my morphy richards turbo steamer . 
  should we only be told information in the newspapers if it is immediately , obviously useful ? 
  in that case , none of the information is strictly useful to the average reader , because they ca n't do anything about it anyway , so we just should n't print any news , right ? 
  you have now moved the goalposts from ` how is culture relevant ' to ` how is that knowledge useful ' . 
  lavender hill is in battersea - that 's not even rough , let alone a no-go zone . 
  you 're talking out of your arse . 
  you ca n't take the worst rioting in 30 years as a good representation of what police attitudes are like . 
  that 's like saying that dresden has no-go zones because when it was on fire 70 years ago the police did n't enter the burning streets . 
  if certain demographics do it more , influenced by a toxic culture , it becomes a cultural problem . 
  i do n't understand how you fail to recognise that . 
  it matters for the reasons i stated above . 
  their culture and its origins have a bearing on their actions . 
  it 's not demonisation , it 's stating relevant facts . 
  there are a lot of cases in the uk , almost all involving men of pakistani decent or origin . 
  / u/dee _ tawb made a [ far-from-comprehensive list . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/unitedkingdom/comments/53o1ro/rotherham_sex_abuse_victim_13_had_gun_pointed_at/d7v3rp2 ), 
  how is it offensive ? 
  in that case , ` gang of people somewhere in the uk is prosecuted for a crime against a victim ' would be enough , right ? 
  if certain demographics are more prone to certain crimes ( for instance men in the case of these organised sex gangs ) , then yes , it is entirely relevant . 
  if you want to find out why they are doing it , the origin of their twisted culture 's attitude to women is probably a good place to start . 
  because if that 's where the culture is coming from ( and the immigration ) , then it is relevant . 
  just like their religion , gender and age . 
  asian can mean anybody from the continent of asia , or just people from the subcontinent ; the point is that they could have just told us their actual heritage , rather than being vague - why should indians be tarred with this brush ? 
   sageer hussain  mohammed whied  ishtiaq khaliq  waleed ali  asif ali  masoued malik  basharat hussain  naeem rafiq i wonder what background these guys have ... ` asian men ' indeed . 
  bloody chinese at it again , i should think . 
  yes , but it will cost you 1 sudetenland . 
   the politics of failure have failed - let 's make them work again !, 
  they killed 130 people in cold blood ; forgive me for my lack of compassion . 
  plenty of people are born into radical families and do n't go on to commit atrocities - they and their ilk are subhumans unworthy of life , broken from the day of their conception . 
  trying to make any kind of defence for them is contemptible . 
  does that mean that you can have a president from a party that does n't have a majority ? 
   it would be a shame if an important decision were hastily and narrowly made in the wake of a stream of misinformation , would n't it ? 
   there 's only one president , so in the presidential it 's winner take all no matter how you organise voting . 
  pardon my ignorance , but how is the parliament elected in france /, 
  the bataclan murderers are worse than any rabid dog , because they knew what they were doing . 
  they were subhuman filth , scum to be wiped from underneath the shoe of humanity , and their degenerate ideology should not be tolerated . 
  hardly democratic though , is it ? 
  it 's like our fptp system where ukip got 12.7 % of the vote and 0.2 % of the seats - that 's 3.8 million votes per seat vs the conservative party 's 34,000 . 
  to put it another way , ukip got 1/1000th the representation per person . 
  the green party was also fucked over with 1/300th the ` fair ' representation . 
  if marine le pen gets 10 or 20 percent of the votes , her party should have 10 to 20 percent the representation , right ? 
  not zero , which is what will happen ( i think she gets eliminated after the first round if she is n't top two - someone correct me if i 'm wrong ) . 
  stir it with a pole . 
   queue , 
  precisely . 
  nobody can possibly know , which is why the above poster is foolish to be so certain . 
  you are so accusatory . 
  i voted remain , but i am also realistic about the current state of play which is that we are at a stalemate diplomatically , where the eu wo n't negotiate until a50 is triggered , and a50 wo n't be triggered until the eu negotiates . 
  this could go on for some time . 
  there is no legal mechanism to have us removed . 
  it is n't arrogance , it is law . 
  it 's the law . 
  it was written that way precisely so one state could n't be bullied into anything by the rest of the eu , and the eu is worthless if it flouts it 's own laws . 
  access to the single market will not be given up without a massive political fight in the uk that could last years . 
  i think that in the end , the desire not to crash the economy will outweigh the desire for border control , but of course there is no way of knowing at this point and you 'd be foolish to pretend to know . 
  many of the 52 % voted without any desire to remain in the single market , because they run small businesses that do not export . 
  i voted remain , because i intend to work in the city , but this stereotyping of 17.4 million people as short sighted retards is unfair . 
  radio 4 had a whole segment on the revised forecast yesterday , and their economists seemed to be saying basically what i said . 
  the longer it is postponed , the less likely it is to ever actually happen , and the more confidence there will be . 
  europe seems to want rid of us sharpish . 
   especially if britain does as you suggest , activate art 50 and then just refuse to leave untill you 've got a favourable deal . 
  in such a situation it would be a cakewalk to both argue for a breach in the rule of law and even easier to convinve the neccesary amount of member states ( fairly certain just about everyone would join ) . 
   especially if britain does as you suggest , activate art 50 and then just refuse to leave untill you 've got a favourable deal . 
  in such a situation it would be a cakewalk to both argue for a breach in the rule of law and even easier to convinve the neccesary amount of member states ( fairly certain just about everyone would join ) . 
  i think you have failed to understand the premise of what is proposed . 
  once a50 is triggered , the two year countdown starts and there is nothing the uk can do to postpone its exit from the eu . 
  it is up to us to trigger the legal mechanism for exiting , and nobody else can do that - it 's a game of chicken now , with the eu saying they wo n't negotiate until we trigger a50 , and the uk saying they wo n't trigger a50 until some deals are in place . 
  if it 's haram to eat inhumanely slaughtered meat , but also haram for the animal to be unconscious before slaughter , why are n't all muslims vegetarians ? 
  i mean , it 's unarguable proof for the existence of allah , is n't it ? 
  arsenic in the holy well ? 
  allah hu akbar indeed . 
  the economic forecasts have already been revised upwards by the boe , because a50 is going to be triggered later than first expected ; postponing it indefinitely will surely be to the uk 's benefit . 
  i think you may have missed what i was getting at :p, 
   i wo n't kill you well , that 's a relief . 
  you should probably buy a lottery ticket with that crystal ball you have there . 
   article 7 of the treaty on european union allows for the possibility of suspending eu membership rights ( such as voting rights in the council ) if a country seriously and persistently breaches the principles on which the eu is founded ( ** liberty , democracy , respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms , and the rule of law ** ) . 
  nevertheless , that country 's membership obligations remain binding . 
  none of these things are being breached at present ( at least , breached more than any other european nation ) , so there is still no legal basis for suspension of voting rights . 
  suspension of voting rights is intended to be used to punish countries that are not respecting the human rights of its citizens , not as a punishment for not playing ball with the eu . 
  what , by a vote by all the members , including the uk ? 
  we have a veto on new rules , and sanctions against eu members by reu are illegal . 
  we have a veto on changing the rules . 
  we can literally stay indefinitely , if we so desire . 
  there is no legal mechanism for our removal , and if the eu wo n't give us a reasonable deal then i dare say we will just postpone indefinitely . 
  technically we could just sit on our membership until a good deal is reached . 
  there is no legal mechanism to kick us out . 
  it 's a fairly common joke , i 'd err on the side of troll .
