i 'm wondering that too , since we actually do have these laws , and that 's what they were tried for in the first place before the court threw the case out of the window for whatever reason . 
  then again , i have n't read the final verdict , which might prove to be more insightful . 
  you can declare personal bankruptcy , but that 's not the point . 
  point is that your comment was pretty uninformed and arrogant to begin with . 
  has there been any ruling of a european court on whether islam can not just be considered a religion , but also a political ideology ? 
  the implications would be huge . 
  that 's what they should be tried for , but are n't for some reason - even though their vests clearly said ` sharia police ' . 
  the power monopoly of the state is a principle almost every nation adheres to . 
  that was clearly subverted with those vests and their entire modus operandi , but why the court did n't see it that way is a mystery to me . 
  however , since that point is now out of the question , they go with the uniform ban - which apparently says that the uniform has to be ` threatening ' , ` provocative ' or at least ` unsettling ' to be relevant in a criminal case - which , let 's be honest , a vest saying ` sharia police ' definitely is . 
  that 's actually a [ law ] ( https://dejure.org/gesetze/versg/3.html ) dating [ back to the 1930s ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/uniformverbot_%28deutschland%29 ) , which ironically was used in an attempt to outlaw sa and ss rallies . 
  to be honest , i have never heard of that particular law until now . 
  it does n't seem to get enforced often though ( or just interpreted very generously ) , or otherwise people at every party rally or even every campaign stall would be arrested by the truckload just for wearing shirts with their party 's logo on them . 
   greece of all places lecturing ~ ~ germany ~ ~ anyone about economics ... i have no words . 
  the most prominent ones are web-based [ der postillon ] ( http://www.der-postillon.com/ ) , print-issue [ titanic ] ( http://www.titanic-magazin.de/ ) and [ eulenspiegel ] ( http://www.eulenspiegel-zeitschrift.de/ ) . 
  these are the only ones i can think of that are at least in nationwide circulation , though there are numerous local ones , too . 
  tv shows include [ neo magazin royale ] ( http://www.neo-magazin-royale.de/ ) ( the one that started the whole b\u00f6hmermann vs. erdogan affair ) , [ die anstalt ] ( http://www.zdf.de/die-anstalt/die-anstalt-31443710.html ) , [ extra 3 ] ( https://www.ndr.de/fernsehen/sendungen/extra_3/ ) and [ quer ] ( http://www.br.de/br-fernsehen/sendungen/quer/index.html ) ( more of a regional programme , deals mostly with bavarian issues ) . 
  someone show this to the putin apologists in germany . 
  the situation in comment sections under articles about russia has gotten so bad that i honestly ca n't tell anymore if someone is hired by putin 's [ troll factory ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/trolls_from_olgino ) or if they are genuinely being serious . 
  i 've met quite a few of the latter irl , so i 'm led to believe their propaganda campaign actually works . 
  the fun thing is that it 's only available on the international , not the german edition of their site . 
  fits well with their censorship policy . 
  but merkel enacted it with her short-sighted decision to personally invite migrants . 
  after the clusterfuck for which she is responsible in no small part , without a doubt . 
  i never said that . 
  i just do n't agree with der spiegel alledgedly being right wing in any way . 
  maybe , but they 've been supporting her throughout the entire refugee crisis . 
  they 've been absolutely adamant about defending her stance on that topic . 
  well , bad analogy then , but you catch my drift . 
  der spiegel criticising merkel in such a harsh tone is unheard of . 
   it 's generally regarded a shitty publication by most people . 
  still one of the most-read journals in the country . 
   this extremely critical view is exactly what people expect from der spiegel . 
  not at all . 
  most articles in the past have been in favour of merkel and her policies and they even went so far as to disallow comments under articles concerning the refugee crisis , something they have never done before in the 20 + years they have been online . 
  they 're actively censoring public opinion on this . 
  besides , the fact that this piece of criticism is only available on the international edition and not the german one speaks for itself . 
   no other mainstream german publication is as supportive of right wing extremism as der spiegel . 
  spiegel and right wing extremism in the same sentence . 
  i do n't know what to say . 
  besides maybe you mixed up der spiegel and die welt . 
  and how would you describe her policies regarding refugees as of late ? 
  that 's anything but conservative . 
  what 's most surprising about this is that it 's actual criticism of her policies coming from * der spiegel * . 
  to put it into perspective , this is like fox news criticising donald trump . 
  credit cards . 
  americans seem to pay for everything with them . 
  i have one too , but only for the rare occasion that it 's genuinely the only way to pay , like flight tickets or import goods from the us . 
  everything else is cash and debit cards . 
  i went to oktoberfest with a friend of mine and wondered the same . 
  we arrived at munich central station , where all of the refugees had been pouring in for weeks . 
  seems like they temporarily diverted them to another train station . 
  good call , since munich central is always chaos during oktoberfest , and having thousands of refugees arrive there each day would have probably been a disaster waiting to happen . 
  none that i know of . 
  a few people might rise an eyebrow here and there , but that 's about it . 
   i am not qualified to make most of those decisions , nor can i be expected to . 
  it 's impossible for one person to be well enough informed about these things to make competent decisions . 
  it takes an amazing amount of hubris to think that you 're any different . 
  i do n't say i am , but that 's why delegative democracy might be a good alternative . 
  elect someone you think is competent enough , who in turn might delegate his votes to another person who they think is competent enough in another field they 're not that experienced in themselves . 
   how is that better than voting for a party that most closely matches your values and overall vision of progress ? 
  keyword : ` closely ' . 
  no party , or even individual , will ever match your beliefs 100 % . 
  for example , a party that i agree with on all core issues but favours ttip would still be unelectable for me . 
  not so with delegative democracy , this is exactly what it aims to ameliorate - take back those last few ( crucial ) per cent for yourself . 
   again , i do n't believe any one person ( even someone who spends all of their time on governance ) is qualified to make decisions in anything but a narrow field . 
  a competent party in a parliamentary system has experts in each field who make policy recommendations , and then parliamentary votes are cast along party and coalition lines . 
  which is exactly what 's not happening right now . 
  key resorts are n't distributed by competence , but by party affiliation . 
  the current minister of defence , for example , was minister of family and social affairs in the last administration . 
  the current minister of agriculture was minister of the interior in the last legislature period . 
  you ca n't tell me that these posts are filled with ` experts ' in the respective fields . 
  key resorts should n't be filled with people just the party brass thinks are competent , but at least by popular vote from the party base or the parliamentary representatives ( in germany , candidates are suggested by the chancellor and confirmed by the president - way too much power for two persons alone if you ask me ) . 
   why the everloving hell would i want to give every voter the power to veto these decisions on the fly ? 
  firstly , because the rule of the people is an elementary principle of every democratic nation and should by no way just be limited to a handful of representatives making decisions . 
  that 's why most democratic nations allow referenda ( though only to a certain extent and with absurdly high hurdles ) . 
  secondly , veto power would be a single person or entity being able to overturn a majority decision . 
  that 's not what delegative democracy is about . 
  even if you strip your representative of your vote , he and others might still overturn your vote . 
   how are they qualified to do so ? 
  we vote every 4 years based on the cumulative outcome of a governments decisions , and that itself is a compromise . 
  yes , four years in which the government is free to do what they please without having to fear election results . 
  democracy should be more than just being allowed to tick a box every four years . 
  it should be a lot more . 
   4-5 years is too short for some long-term decisions to carry themselves out , but since a coalition is judged on the sum of their accomplishments , it 's generally enough time for us to make a somewhat informed decision on their overall performance . 
  with delegated democracy , people would n't be able to shift the blame on the current coalition or government anymore . 
  i think this level of self-governance would make a lot of people reflect more about the impact their decisions have when there 's literally no one else to blame but themselves . 
   most people agree that populism is bad . 
  why is it suddenly good when you empower it down to individual policy decisions and call it `` direct democracy '' ? 
  is it really that flattering to your ego to think of yourself as qualified to make decisions about monetary politics or infrastructure investments ? 
  i do n't think you have fully understood the concept of delegated democracy . 
  you 'd still elect representatives * because * you ca n't decide on everything . 
  reclaiming your vote for yourself would be the exception , not the norm . 
  but there are still issues i 'd like to have a say on and on which i do indeed feel qualified for . 
  i am a citizen of my state and as such i feel i have the right to have a say in its politics . 
  if you think that this statement is but a sign of a huge ego , let 's just agree to disagree - i think it 's the very core principle of democracy . 
  that 's the most voiced concern about direct democracy , actually - that people ca n't be trusted to govern themselves . 
  why not ? 
  of course there 's always the danger of the media manipulating the people to a certain extent , but that 's also what 's happening now . 
  the right story at the right time can decide elections .
