no one liberated the stalin gulag camps and aired the footage of tens of thousands of skeletal starved prisoners for the whole world to see . 
  that is why unlike nazism , communism still gets a pass . 
  the mental image of ethiopia with 300 million people is pretty horrifying . 
   rural and poor urban and poor is even worse . 
  now imagine credit cards which enable you to draw a generous eu-wide welfare payment , but only in the country where you were quoted in . 
  some would stay put , up until the day when the glorious pyramid scheme finally crashes and a few million young angry men all around europe find out that the atm is not going to give them any more banknotes . 
  where do you think the extra population from africa will end up ? 
  it is happening as we discuss it , right now . 
  young jews from france are leaving in such numbers that the very existence of the community in 20-30 years is threatened . 
  several highly visible anti-jewish murders since 2000 have done a lot . 
  the former prime minister manuel valls even travelled to israel to meet the ex-french jewish students there and persuade them to return . 
  no success , even though valls is a genuine friend of jews and jewish culture . 
  he is already quite known abroad , but that is precisely because he is quite an outlier . 
  if i knew his political views only , i would never guess that he is green . 
  thank you very much for your time and patience !, 
  til quite a lot . 
  i am not a green voter myself , but i am always curious about new developments in europe . 
   the edgy internet wing of the pvv that is leaving to the fvd . 
  the polls linked here do not show any large-scale process like this . 
  what is the difference between them and groen-links ? 
  it seems to me that they might be just a slightly more radical cousins of gl . 
  denk 4 ... erdogan obviously does not neglect his project . 
  i do not think you have the right person . 
  thank you . 
  that is actually more liberal than current czech law . 
  here you need exams even for shotguns . 
  not really , with possession usually comes the right to carry as well . 
  thank you for detailed description !, 
  the pro-gun changes being discussed in the parliament are very interesting too , would you be so kind and share what you know ? 
  i can see what you mean . 
  but all the terrorist knife runs in europe together have not matched the bataclan body count yet . 
  yes , i like our system as well . 
  seems to me reasonably balanced between personal rights and public safety . 
   only the the big ones well , if making law , it makes sense to concentrate on high-casualty incidents . 
  not really true . 
  you have to get a carry permit , in order to that you have to pass a fairly stringent test , where at least 50 % of candidates fail . 
  how do the polish gun laws look like ? 
  is it a shall-issue model , or do you have to prove `` need '' , like in germany ? 
  ... with a cute salafist beard , as expected . 
  i know , i know . 
  the whole vela incident etc. 
  but this is the past . 
  i can not see this kind of development in contemporary africa anytime soon . 
  i also remember that the sanctions were bit of a joke , collapsed after a few months , but left an enduring bad taste in austria . 
  the cabinet with fp\u00d6 survived , fp\u00d6 itself is very much alive and the only problems they had since that time were purely internal ( death of haider etc. ), 
   just take a look at greece no . 
  all the profligate greek governments since the early 1980s which went on a debt-fueled spending spree for populist purposes ( buying voters with free stuff and artificially inflated pensions/salaries ) were left to do that until the debt service of the country became unsustainable a generation later . 
  i am quite a history buff . 
  yes , european colonization of americas and australia was partly driven by population growth , especially in the second part of the 19th century . 
  yeah , and the growth `` sank '' into america and australia , displacing the natives there . 
  i am not afraid of any african country obtaining nukes soon . 
   cultural racism can be characterised by the belief that one culture is inherently superior to another count me in , this is what i think . 
   hard working is literally part of their culture hard work does not land you a google job per se . 
  you need to have some predispositions . 
  an example . 
  i could work hard on my dancing skills for years , but i would not exceed average . 
  i am simply not talented for this kind of thing . 
  same goes with painting . 
  on the other hand , i learned to sing quite quickly and with enough hard work , i could probably become a professional singer in a few years . 
  my wife could not , she does not have any kind of musical ear and is perfectly content to listen if someone sings blatantly off-key around her . 
   indians have a much older presence , and consequentially , identity within the uk , than muslims . 
  do you think so ? 
  contemporary pakistan and bangladesh were part of the british raj just as india was . 
  is it true that the r-r-g coalition in berlin plans to do some `` creative accounting '' in order to evade the schuldenbremse limit ? 
  once , somewhere , i read that they have really interesting plans how to make deeper debts without triggering the schuldenbremse directly , such as asking the public transport company to take a mortgage against their property and finance the public transport from said mortgage . 
  which technically does not show on the governmental balance as direct debt . 
  but i could not find the link afterwards . 
  this nightmare has come true in berlin , no ? 
  / u/2hotinhere / u/thomastxl i have a question for informed germans ... 
  it is pretty clear that no move re eurobonds will be done before the federal election in germany , but what about `` later '' ? 
  merkel is probably going to serve her last term , she might do what she finds necessary, 
  what is your criteria of adulthood ? 
  yeah , the fact that potentially innocent people could be executed does bother me , too . 
  there is some problem with the reverse , though . 
  let us say that the alternative is life in prison without parole . 
  money spent on holding the culprit for 60 years behind bars could be spent on something else - for example , saving some lives . 
  there are hidden costs to death penalty , not just in money , but potentially , again , innocent lives . 
  yeah , i know that this is an extremely contentious issue . 
  no chance to persuade each other . 
  | feature that has stood the test of time you mean since 1945 ? 
  because speaking about `` western civilization '' and `` european justice system '' is actually quite a broad theme . 
  i do not think you would like the standards of 1817 much , and it was still `` western civilization '' . 
  if we are talking about the recent developments - such as abolishment of the death penalty - it is actually too early to tell . 
  but i think you are mixing economic prosperity with justice and safety . 
  these are not the same . 
  yes , we are mostly prosperous - but so was south africa under apartheid or chile under pinochet , and so is saudi arabia under sharia law . 
  economic prosperity does not really require universal safety , only safety for important economic players . 
  i definitely do not believe that western cities are safer than 20 years ago . 
  and not everything can be expressed by statistics . 
  go to the streets of cologne or paris on friday night and count the young girls walking around alone . 
  then do the same experiment in , say , singapore . 
  you will notice a massive difference . 
  if the most vulnerable members of society do not dare go out alone , it is the equivalent of the canary in the coalmine being in distress . 
   the general opinion in the netherlands seems to be on ` let them rot there , take away their dutch nationality if they have 2 nationalities , and forget about them but put them on the no-entry list ' you know , this seems to be an universal sentiment in europe , and yet our laws and international treaties mostly forbid us from doing so , and we , the people , seem unable to do anything about it . 
  the british government sidestepped the issue by sending the s.a.s. 
  to the theatre of war , with commands to kill any britons fighting for isis on the spot . 
  but i think that the issue is more important than it seems . 
  although nominally democracies , we are living in state systems which do not reflect the ( super ) majority opinions on very important matters . 
  this , for me as a citizen of the former soviet bloc , is a huge disappointment . 
  the social contract may change in the future and i would definitely like to see it changed .
