  only this time the oppressors are not the natives . 
  some countries were remarkably successful in bringing their population growth under control , when they wanted to . 
  tfr in iran dropped from 6.0 in 1976 to 1.71 in 2007 , within a single generation . 
  a more detailed description in german language : https://www.welt.de/politik/ausland/article165476416/wie-kurz-die-mittelmeerroute-ganz-schliessen-will.html, 
  i find sebastian kurz to be very realistic in this regard . 
  the current situation is motivating young men of subsaharan africa to cross the desert and sail the dinghies in order to reach germany , sweden etc. 
  this is dangerous for them , destabilizing for us and neglectful to those who are left behind . 
  population surplus can not be mitigated by inflow of youngsters to europe . 
  so , even real estate prices in rinkeby and rosengard are through the roof ? 
  that would be quite extraordinary . 
  here in czechia , apartment prices in a nice neighbourhood in prague are approx . 
  30x higher than in a roma ghetto in \u00dast\u00ed nad labem , for the same floor size . 
  afaik everywhere in the world safety of the neighbourhood plays quite a role in the real estate prices . 
  are n't houses in safe neighbourhoods ridiculously expensive in sweden ? 
  if yes , it means that the average middle class swede feels the effects in the purse already . 
  imagine the spd getting rid of schulz and finding someone who is capable as a campaigner . 
  ( like jeremy corbyn is . 
  i absolutely dislike his politics , but the way he campaigned was an order of magnitude better than may . ), 
  ok , then , almost zero possibility . 
  this is not done in germany , 4 months before an election . 
  but if the parteikameraden get too anxious ... 
  here in czechia there is an open talk about changing the chairman of the socis , who happens to be prime minister . 
  we have elections in october too and their polling numbers have gone to hell , so his comrades start to get cold feet . 
  so , new elections ? 
   since this sub is shifting more and more into the far-right spectrum when discussing this issue . 
  this has a lot to do with the political developments of the last two years - namely , the realization that the migration crisis as a whole is extremely expensive in money ( check the official german numbers - over 20 billion eur spent on a million immigrants ) and that the cultural clashes are growing more profound with the growing number of the newcomers . 
  pretty much the only reason why far-right is not on the fringe anymore is the fact that their predictions about future effects of mass immigration were much more closer to the contemporary reality than the idealistic `` they will boost our economy and bring us cultural enrichment '' ideas of yesteryear . 
  * those all have different trajectories , individually , * that does not mean that wider social changes do not get reflected . 
  if anything , the islamic world as a whole has gone decidedly backwards in time within those 40 years . 
  saudi oil money at work . 
  and , people change generally , but such a significant cultural change has not happened in scandinavia for ages . 
   when it was the will of the people to segregate all jews into work camps was it ? 
  no hard data on it exist , afaik . 
  nazis won the 1933 election mostly on social platform , carrying many votes of the unemployed . 
  the first batch of third-worlders in sweden in the 1970s was 4000 souls . 
  within forty years , they have almost a million . 
  those people have relatives back home , families that resemble tribes ( 300 vaguely blood-related people commanded by the oldest sheikh ) and their fertility rate exceeds those of native europeans , especially if augmented by european welfare payments from the system that they have never contributed to . 
  saying that 2600 is too few to worry about is like saying that the small fire in the living room is too small to threaten the whole house . 
  this is precisely the same solution as giving a thirsty alcoholic his shot of whisky and agreeing to discuss his dependency afterwards . 
  once this `` one at a time '' mechanism is established , `` afterwards '' will be forgotten - until the circumstances force it again . 
   we have a law that forbids railway to operate faster than 160 km/h ( it could be changed , but the fact we have it is ridiculous ) not really true . 
  the law only stipulates that over 160 km/h , the line must have no level crossings with roads and that the platforms on such line may not be situated directly by the main track ( as the slipstream of a train running at full speed might actually drag a waiting person off the platform ) . 
  of course , none of our currently existing main lines meets those requirements . 
  the motives of the bangladeshis i can understand . 
  but why are italians taking boatloads of bangladeshis to italy ? 
  like jordan ? 
  i would agree that it is a more reliable country , but they may not consent . 
  lots of people have n't survived . 
  entire families were wiped out of the surface of the earth . 
  being dead , they can not banter on reddit , of course , but their experience should be taken into account . 
  you or i can easily pay with our lives if the security situation deteriorates further . 
  if you sincerely believe that import of mena muslims is good for your country , go ahead . 
  they have a major population surplus , nothing stops you from getting as many as you wish . 
  the czech nation has survived hitler and stalin , if we lose our eu membership , it wo n't be our funeral either . 
  i can see plenty of eu members that are doing very badly economically despite being members for decades - eu membership is no guarantee of economic success . 
  yes , the eu is in very tough spot . 
  the conflict between idealistic theory and real interests of constituent countries is not reconcilable . 
  in all likelihood , the theory will have to yield . 
  the iraqi military is doing better now , once the americans are gone . 
  they could not really bridge the cultural difference between them and the recruits . 
  also , it is mainly a shi'a force now , bad omen for the country . 
  it may well act as an iranian proxy in the future . 
  i like unconventional ideas , but i am afraid of the potential negative ramifications of this one . 
  having foreign troops on your territory has historically been a source of major crises . 
  the eu accession was by no means a free lunch for the v4 . 
  those development funds are not an altruistic gift from the german taxpayers . 
  but anyway . 
  as i said before : it is not worth any money to allow resettlements of mena muslims into our country . 
  by allowing arab/afghan/somali / sudanese/whatever muslim community to grow , the country would ensure much more profound problems for itself in the future . 
  ruining your life ? 
  walk around all those happy multicultural cities of western europe and talk about ruining your life . 
  grown-up people observe the bad experiences of their peers and act accordingly . 
  there is absolutely no justification for mena muslim immigration to czechia - it was a disaster everywhere it was tried . 
  both in money and blood on the pavements . 
   compared to change in ethnic compotion and culture of the last century are you aware that the changes in ethnic composition of europe in the 20th century were mostly consequences of continent-sized wars , genocides and ethnic cleansing ? 
  i agree with your analysis . 
  look at the experience of the americans in afghanistan and iraq . 
  they tried to build new armies from the locals . 
  it was a series of disappointments . 
  some of the recruits deserted , some even turned against them . 
  a decade later , the armed forces of said states are still very weak , even though they were on receiving end of serious investments and first-world training expertise . 
  i do not think we would end up much better with our efforts . 
  enjoy the growing influence of islam in your country . 
  and do not come begging at our door at the moment they go full taliban on you . 
  whoever accepts this dictate , loses the election here . 
  perhaps flies out of the parliament altogether . 
  not even the local greens want to address this issue openly , even though everyone suspects them to be the only ones really ready to do the whole `` refugees welcome '' trick . 
  this is the proverbial third rail of our politics right now . 
  arming and training a young foreign populace in europe ? 
  i can see how that idea could backfire spectacularly . 
  we do not even know which ones are fundamentalists and which not . 
  unless you want to train yesidis/christians only . 
  this is a good observation . 
  however , the share of vote of fn grew massively over the last 30 years , both in percentage and in absolute votes . 
   a significant portion of the eu 's population already views themselves as `` european , '' whether alone or in conjunction with their national identity . 
  this is only really tested in the moment when interests of the eu and interests of their home country collide . 
  especially in some crucial points . 
  in such moment , you will find that the european identity is the weaker one . 
  well , technically , the common territory was not called bohemia , but `` lands of the bohemian crown '' ( zem\u011b koruny \u010cesk\u00e9 ) . 
  individual constituent lands , such as moravia , lusatia etc.
