  you can get quite a tsunami of ads for , say , 2 billion euro ( plus facebook could be persuaded/forced by the eu to run some of them for free . ), 
  the smuggler business grew from tiny roots to its current dimensions within 5 years , so i do not think that the counteraction should take decades . 
  information tends to spread virally these days . 
  ------------ as for the redistribution . 
  the central and eastern european countries do not want to host a forcibly redistributed muslim population . 
  this really may break the eu . 
  remember that countries such as hungary or croatia were victims of ottoman expansion for centuries . 
  islam is perceived to be a major enemy there . 
  the landscape there is still dotted with castles and mosques that were built by the turkish conquerors ( and by forced work of the native populations that were semi-enslaved by them ) . 
  this kind of deep historic resentment is not understood by germans . 
  they have no parallel in their own history . 
  if that really happened , the pension systems all across the west would go bust overnight . 
  as would the economies losing skilled workforce . 
  there are some countries that could pull this off ( such as the netherlands ) , but most would not . 
  if anything , the trends go in the other direction : countries are trying to get people work as long as possible before going to pension , because of lack of young * skilled * workers . 
  ( ca n't import cnc operators from somalia ) . 
  thank you , i stand corrected . 
  i think that fearlessness per se is not a good thing . 
  even though all those motivational speakers assure us how fear is bad , it is a useful motivator to do things . 
  `` without offering solutions . '', 
  actually i do have some concrete ideas how to tackle the problem , and i have mentioned one of them ( promoting contraception ) in my last comment . 
  so let me talk a bit more in detail , right ? 
  axiom 1 . 
  europe 's ability to absorb people from the third world is limited . 
  it may be able to absorb 1 million , but 10 seem to be very risky and , say , 25 million out of question . 
  we do not know where the limit is , it can not be computed exactly beforehand , but if it is exceeded , it wo n't be easy to fix the situation . 
  yet the numbers are just a small fraction of yearly natural growth in the source regions of the migration crisis . 
  consequence 1 . 
  europe must be able to stop the flow before the unknown limit is reached , or at least slow it to a trickle . 
  axiom 2 . 
  countries like nigeria , ethiopia and afghanistan must not be let to grow at their current growth rate , because serious humanitarian catastrophe will occur . 
  there is no way that a mountain desert like afghanistan can support 80 million people , not with their current level of technology , and yet the graph of their population growth does not even slow down . 
  you mention malthus as if he were `` smelly '' somehow , but i do not find him ridiculous per se . 
  a visit in kahira or calcutta shows that the problem he described is very real . 
  consequence 2 : the countries that suffer from mismatch of population growth and natural/economic resources must be helped to reduce the growth in a scientific way . 
  that means , promotion of contraception , regardless of what the pope or the imams think of it . 
  this is what china and india have done and it has helped them visibly . 
  so , my tips would be : 1 . 
  generous help with contraception and with auditable development projects ( auditable is important - no more stuffing of dictator 's accounts ) . 
  a public campaign in local media , just as denmark has done : ads saying `` europe is not a paradise , the smugglers lie to you for profit , you are going to live with ten other guys in a single room and no , you can not study or work easily , if you 're not qualified or willing to work very hard for qualification . '', 
  systematic international police action against smugglers . 
  they are the scum of the earth , preying on vulnerable people and sometimes letting them drown . 
  hunt them as if they were drug cartels . 
  rebalance the incentives within the welfare system . 
  people should not get money too easily just for turning up . 
  norway just did that and their asylum request rates dropped to a tiny percentage of what they used to be just months before : it just does not pay to get there anymore . 
  stopping the brain drain from africa etc. 
  it is extremely selfish of us europeans to pick the talents of the third world countries , letting them study and then settle here . 
  they may study , but they should then return to improve the lot of their own countries and people . 
  no country can grow rich and secure when it constantly loses its best and brightest . 
  i believe that these proposals would shrink the attraction of europe quite significantly . 
  as for walls , they are not meant to be absolute , impregnable barriers , but rather something that slows down the process , whatever it is . 
  actually , the great wall of china was rather efficient against horseback riders . 
  they had to slow down and find holes , and they could not mount sudden `` blitz '' attacks across the plain . 
  i might be cynical , but in my country , this is standard mode of operation for a politician . 
  we have a joke that runs `` how do you tell if a politician lies ? 
  they move their lips . '', 
  in my experience , that is mostly the truth . 
  people here do not bother reading the programs , as they know that most enacted laws afterwards have nothing to do with what was promised before . 
  link ? 
  not that i doubt you , but i would like to learn more . 
  i 'd expect that such bad news will only be published after the snap election , not before . 
  can be . 
  i must admit that significant part of the central - and eastern european underclass got on the move when the barriers fell . 
  i noticed that some british use `` czech '' as an euphemism for `` gypsy '' , and are sorta surprised when they visit prague and it does not resemble a gypsy camp/ghetto . 
  their personal experience from home would not prepare them for that . 
  in september 2015 , the group of people located in the balkans was not in the millions . 
  it was about 60 thousand people from greece to hungary , afaik . 
  the most massive wave got underway from turkey only * after * that . 
  and i do not believe that they would die in greece . 
  it is not particularly comfortable there , but there is enough food , shelter and medical care available . 
  living standards in greek camps are probably higher than the average in the countries of origin . 
  what troubles me most , though , is that the migration wave of 2015-today reflects the population growth from the 1990s , which was much smaller than what happens in the same countries today . 
  the average number of children per mother was higher in the 1990s , but the population as such was smaller and thus the absolute growth numbers were not as big as they are today . 
  africa is projected to grow to 2,5 billion people in 2050 and 4,4 billion people in 2100 . 
  available arable land and water is still the same , though . 
  if just , say , 5 % of that growing population decides to get moving north , we are in big trouble , just like in 5th century ad . 
  and not just we , pretty much anyone on the road , including the libyans , who are neither numerous nor rich , but sit in the way . 
  i ca n't help myself , those numbers a hard to view with optimism . 
  not enough is being done . 
  not even juggling the lemons . 
  iran managed to curb its population growth in the 1980s by thorough teaching about contraception . 
  the fertility rate dropped from 7 to 2 within a generation . 
  this kind of plan should be supported everywhere where they have a mass growth . 
  but you can definitely see that the problem * grew * after that . 
  if someone gets from bangladesh to germany without major obstacles , they let their friends back in the home country know : `` the route is open ! '', 
  if the prices of the smugglers were more affordable , the migration streams would be 20x bigger . 
  the population explosion in the third world is barely comprehensible to europeans , who are used to living in societies below reproduction rate . 
  ethiopia and egypt have more people than germany now ( each ! ) . 
  ethiopia might overtake the united states in this century !, 
  nigeria will get close to india in 2100 . 
  we have seen nothing yet . 
  i think you described it very well . 
  it had an effect on the polish general election 2015 as well . 
  `` is andrej babi\u0161 czech berlusconi ? '', 
  sort of , but without the raucous parties . 
  no bunga-bunga in agrofert ( his corporation ) . 
  with some bunga-bunga , i might be willing to tolerate him . 
  especially if i were on the guest list . 
  farage is a court jester of britain .
