  well the battle of dukla pass showed that you can break even through the northern border - if you do not count your dead . 
  the mountain regions on the border with germany are defensible . 
  that is why we survived as a nation in the first place . 
  we have had a very tumultuous past with our german ( prussian etc. ), 
  neighbours since about 1000 ad . 
  there were only two weaker spots : the klodzko valley and the region around ostrava , both were fortified massively by the czechoslovak government in the 30s . 
  german anschluss of austria was a significant problem , as some of the border regions are easy to cross . 
  throughout modern history , austria and czechia used to be parts of the same kingdom . 
  it is almost impossible to defend yourself against a serious attack across the plains around b\u0159eclav ( lundenburg ) . 
  german armor would probably smash through the defences there . 
  being czechoslovakia sucked in 1938 . 
  after the november vote in the usa , askreddit had a thread asking people about their personal experience with djt . 
  it was longish , over 10 thousand comments . 
  most of the commenters were actually quite positive about djt as a person , claiming that he is very friendly and easygoing , in a big contrast to his angry political persona . 
  so it might be that macron and he actually found some resonance on a personal level . 
  they are people , after all . 
  merkel and juncker can do no wrong , brother !, 
  when they sell arms to the saudis , the are basically doing it for humanitarian purposes . 
  this is pretty much an essence of fanaticism . 
  islamic terrorism is one of the rare cases in history where an aggresive entity is supported by its own enemies . 
  isis is not even in the state to manufacture its own guns and ammo . 
  also , watch the notorious hate preacher anjem choudary explaining his pals that welfare is considered `` jihad seekers allowance '' . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=us0rorko5mu we have long collectively crossed the fine line between humanism and blind folly . 
  if japan provided the asylum seekers with swedish welfare payments , the stream of chinese peasants asking for asylum would go into tens of millions . 
  not everyone in china dreams of spending their days toiling in a factory . 
  that is why the japanese do not risk it . 
  the europeans , though , with their holier-than-thou attitude , thought for a long time that they are providing the world a service doing exactly that . 
  and now two billion people dream of getting to germany or sweden as if it were shangri-la . 
  why would you welcome such development ? 
  the problem is not in the sea . 
  until a few years ago , the total count of dinghies crossing the sea was tiny . 
  the problem is that whoever gets through , receives free stuff from the welfare funds and his risk of being deported to the home country is negligible . 
  japan is closer to the asian mainland ( where billions of poor people live ) than italy is to libya and yet does not have this problem , because the japanese are smart enough not to mollycoddle every fortune seeker on taxpayer 's account . 
  as a result , no one is going to spend on smugglers there . 
  the same goes for israel . 
  they are positioned directly on the way from africa to asia , but every caught illegal migrant is promptly moved to rwanda . 
  as a result , the billion or so poor africans do not bother trying to cross the border there . 
  who would spend his savings to get to rwanda . 
  well - a month ago everybody predicted a huge majority for the tories under may and now they have a hung parliament - crowds are a fickle mistress . 
  but yea , i expect babis to get to the top too . 
  his movement is not unified on this topic , too . 
  for example , mps soukup and chalupa are very strictly against , while mayor vokral of brno is a notorious `` vitac '' . 
  it is worth taking the historic development of central europe into account . 
  the czech nation was on the receiving side of various diktats and strong-arming by major powers in the last centuries . 
  the current pressure seems to fall into this historic line of experience ; basically , many czechs think about the pressure from brussels as shameless bullying of a small country for the benefit of the larger ones . 
  all the reminiscences regarding the munich agreement etc. 
  are alive again . 
  i am reading a discussion thread on idnes ( the largest czech online news portal ) right now . 
  it is a torrent of disgust , outrage and hate there . 
  this is going to damage the name of the eu here for a long time . 
  in czechia , only the greens and the pirates could possibly get away with agreeing to this demand . 
  both parties are smallish . 
  the right-wing and center-right parties are against it , as are the communists . 
  in the social democratic party , there is a small pro-multicultural wing , but the current leadership will not risk making concessions on this topic . 
  basically , it would be electional suicide to agree publicly . 
  some parties , though , have the distinct air of `` well we are sort-of against , but we would fold under the pressure eventually '' around them ( top09 ) . 
  this is a brinkmanship game that can not end well . 
  we have general election soon ( 4 months ) and now that the ec decided to escalate matters , this topic will play a role in the pre-election campaign . 
  given that the electorate here is implacably hostile to the idea of muslim resettlement into the czech republic , all the parties that hope to get into the parliament will have to reject the demands , or face annihilation . 
  ( only the greens and possibly the pirates have electorate which is more open to the idea , but those parties are unlikely to cross the 5 % threshold . ), 
   the world is at its most peaceful period ever that has a huge exception in the islamic world , where unrest is growing . 
  i am not convinced that the current relatively peaceful period is going to last . 
  already western europe feels much more scared than , say , in 2000 . 
  stats do not paint the whole picture - having secret services working 24/7 to disrupt terror plots does not show in the bodycount , but still indicates serious underlying problems . 
   that would be our swan song . 
  i must respectfully disagree . 
  the western/euro civ survived worse . 
  for example , the thirty years war . 
  it would only mean that our current legal/value system would receive a severe blow . 
  lesson learned - i do not think that europols are particularly eager to bomb anyone else soon . 
  but you still have countries like nigeria and bangladesh , whose migration flows are caused by overpopulation . 
   uneducated dumbass with dumbo-like ears . 
  he 's a back-stabber par excellence . 
  tbh this sounds very partisan . 
  especially the part about the ears could be left out . 
  he might be dumbass back-stabber , but his ears should be left alone . 
  it is not like anyone of us here in this subreddit has a godly outward appearance . 
  http://www.politico.eu/article/refugee-crisis-cost-germany-over-e20-billion-in-2016/ https://www.welt.de/politik/deutschland/article161565378/fluechtlingskrise-kostet-deutschland-jaehrlich-22-milliarden-euro.html http://derstandard.at/2000056423724/mindestsicherung-in-wien-49-prozent-bezieher-mit-nichtoesterreichischem-pass http://ekstrabladet.dk/nyheder/politik/danskpolitik/chok-tal-om-indvandrere-paa-kontanthjaelp-hvad-goer-loekkes-tropper/5990965 http://vatt.fi/documents/2956369/4207575/t185.pdf/466d79aa-ec0d-4982-9b5d-e45b536d6ae2 the people you call `` useless leaching pensioners '' are the ones who built the continent as you know it , and have paid their contributions and taxes for decades . 
  the `` able bodied cheap workers '' are unemployable all over europe , as the robotization and automation destroyed most unqualified muscular jobs . 
  the germans tried very hard to employ the newcomers , with disastrous results . 
  probably not , but you do not need the navy to stop this route . 
  you need to reduce the `` pull factor '' . 
  if it is not worth paying the smugglers , the demand will evaporate or drop to the levels of the nineties . 
  this kind of population growth has always in history caused vicious wars about resources . 
  africa/asia is no exception . 
  the current destabilization of the muslim world has a lot to do with the strained resources there . 
  you can not really produce enough food for 100 million egyptians in the nile delta , so they are dependent on import --  any fluctuation in food prices on the international market translates into hunger riots . 
  the only humane long-term solution is to bring the reproduction rates to a sustainable level - with serious effort . 
  unfortunately , there are political and religious leaders who see the swelling populations as a means of power against their neighbors ( see erdogan and his recommendation for turks to have at least 5 kids each in the name of islam ) . 
   misguided fears name them . 
  deny them participation in the target 's country welfare system and the crowds will disappear . 
  it will happen anyway , as the welfare systems of western europe are already put under serious strain by the sheer weight of the numbers . 
   birthrates are down across the board although birthrates are going down , the increasing size of african/asian population means that the swell is going to continue at least until 2050/2070 . 
  the yearly cohorts are growing larger , so even with smaller tfr , the total # of people is going to grow for a generation or two . 
  lagos , nigeria had 300 000 inhabitants in 1950 . 
  it is projected to grow to 100 million in 2100 - quite a growth !, 
  the whole of nigeria is projected to grow to approximately a billion people in 2100 . 
  even ethiopia may overtake the united states of america . 
  at the same time , neither arable land nor sources of drinkable water are growing . 
  70 years after `` never again '' , the circle has closed and we are precisely there again .
