  which would be fine , this man is a disaster on two legs . 
  / u/rarehero i still have one more question . 
  i noticed that the previous nrw coalition with the help of the pirate party wanted to push through voting rights for non-citizens in nrw . 
  they wanted this really badly , trying to get the thing done just months before election , but then came the erdogan referendum and some people got second thoughts about possible influence of foreign authoritarians in nrw . 
  what happened to the project ? 
  was it silently shelved or did they manage to push it through in last minute anyway ? 
  well , the coalition-building effort really looks like trying to herd a bunch of cats . 
  i followed the dutch election quite closely and after seeing the results , i thought : `` there is no way how to hammer a functional coalition from this mess . '', 
  it indeed seems to come to pass . 
  about 300 dutch citizens are believed to have joined isis , so it is not a tiny problem . 
  well , saudi-trained preachers were an important element in triggering the civil war . 
  ( as everywhere . 
  pretty much every sunni extremist organization has fingerprints of wahhabists all over it . ), 
  plus , before the war , rich saudi princes used to travel to syria to get some syrian ladies , who are whiter than arabs from the peninsula and thus considered more beautiful by the local aesthetic standard ; and , given that syria was a secular state , sex outside marriage was legal . 
  the syrian men took it about as cheerfully as you could expect . 
  ( this was said to me by a czech lady who lived with her syrian husband in pre-war syria for about 5 years . ), 
  would it make sense to accept the calvinists instead , perhaps with support of the fvd ? 
  a thin majority , but still better than trying to cross groenlinks and vvd , no ? 
  depends on whom you call `` expat '' and `` refugee '' . 
  people like [ mullah krekar ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mullah_krekar ) were once accepted as refugees and people like [ omar bakri ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/omar_bakri_muhammad ) as expats . 
  there is a current ruling of the ecj , c-573 / 14 lounani ( grand chamber , 31st january 2017 ) , that members of terrorist organizations can be denied refugee status if they apply for asylum in the eu , so hopefully the future mullah krekars might be finally told off . 
  really ? 
  rutte is going to govern with the greens ? 
  what is going to be the official immigration policy ? 
  thank you for your comprehensive info . 
  we 're not on the same page politically , but i do appreciate seeing someone giving a fairly neutral and balanced information . 
  czech here . 
  we have a sizable ukrainian minority here , mostly workers . 
  a lot of them come from the zakarpatsky region , which used to be a part of former czechoslovakia between 1920-1939 , so culturally very close . 
  they tend to adapt and assimilate very quickly . 
  interestingly , this is not the case with the local russians , some of whom form a parallel society that only really keeps contact with other russians . 
  there is no right to immigrate ; with some exceptions ( eu citizens within the eu ) no one is entitled to entry and residence in a foreign country . 
  that is sovereignity . 
  imagine two states , nowheristan and ruritania . 
  over years , the government of nowheristan finds out that local prisons are being filled with more and more nationals of ruritania . 
  it is only logical if nowheristan starts vetting travellers with ruritanian passport more thoroughly , perhaps introducing visa requirement . 
  and if ruritanian authorities do not cooperate in said vetting ( `` is x an outlaw in ruritania ? '', 
  - `` hehe , we will not tell !, 
  '' ) , then perhaps close the border altogether . 
  a state has duty to protect its residents . 
  it does not have duty to accomodate nonresidents , however unfair it may seem . 
   pick which nationalities are allowed to enter the country according to the statistics of their compatriots crime numbers in greece ? 
  not a bad idea . 
  perhaps this metric should be used in europe when deciding which country gets visa-free travel and which not . 
  canada retaliated against the czech republic by introduction of visa duty in 2009 , as soon as it became clear that large roma families from czechia moved to canada to make use of canadian welfare state . 
  although i am on the receiving end of such punishment , i still accept the canadian decision was rational . 
  the infection with salafism does not date back to the gastarbeiter time . 
  it is mostly a question of the last 25 years , coming hand-to-hand with all the saudi arabia-backed wahhabi imams . 
  and the youth is the most vulnerable to it . 
  plenty of young people from the second - and third generation islamic community in the west who joined the isis were far from destitute , some of them were university students . 
  i am afraid that those background checks can not be really efficient . 
  you have , say , an erithrean person . 
  the state bureaucracy back home speaks tigri\u0148\u0148a and is not willing to communicate much with european officers . 
  you are lucky if you establish the correct identity of the person , and maybe a negative check against the list of most serious jihadies maintained by the fiveeyes . 
  but if that person was possibly a serial robber or part of a pirate crew back home , that remains unknown . 
  this is the development of the absolute # of votes for front national since 2010 ( mlp took over in 2011 ) . 
  first rounds , second rounds are shown . 
  https://kechlibar.net/wordpress/2017/05/13/o-sanitarnich-kordonech/hlasy_front_national/ make your own judgment ; in my opinion , fn is becoming more and more palatable for the average french voter . 
  this process has a ceiling somewhere , but i do not think that this ceiling was reached yet . 
   infllamed his wife like `` set on fire '' ? 
  in france , germany , sweden , the netherlands - usually it is the second and third generation that causes most of the problems . 
  give it time . 
  if kurz + strache form a coalition , that will mean a significant anti-immigration shift in austrian politics . 
  my question was basically `` how does the natural change of population stand in comparison with the immigration '' . 
  germany is a classical example . 
  if a million people a year reach the country , the total demographic change from immigration will be larger than the total demographic change from natural births and deaths . 
  how many children were born in italy on the same day ? 
  well , everything that contains energy can make you fat in principle , but the effects on satiety etc. 
  are rather important . 
  i definitely found it easier to drink my wine after a reasonably sized dinner . 
  in that settings , it provokes no further food cravings . 
  the fact that the euro is weaker than the deutsche mark used to be definitely helps german industry to great exports . 
  i am not sure if the regular german on the street is as happy about the euro . 
  a heard a lot of complaining about the `` teuro '' whose introduction drove prices of everything up . 
  whom do you mean by `` segregationists '' now ? 
  btw human rights are a modern european concept , only spread to the rest of the world by the gross european influence . 
  they are culturally similar to us and no one else cares . 
  it is not primarily about skin color . 
  chechens in the caucasus are white too , but their islamic culture is very different from the european and they `` feel '' much more distant . 
  i understand what you mean . 
  but it is quite natural to take more interest in fate of a nation which speaks a related language and has similar culture than in someone totally foreign . 
  there are 7 billion people at this earth , you really do not have enough empathy to care about all of them at the same time . 
  from what i gather , dutch and afrikaans are mutually intelligible , surely the dutch could be better informed about the dire situation of the boers ? 
  do they really treat the xhosa , the ! kung etc so disgracefully ? 
  because the zulu etc. 
  are relative newcomers , just as the boers are . 
  government should never have such power . 
  this is what the judicial system is for . 
  i would support revoking of citizenship for a well-defined set of offences : * service in foreign army or a terrorist organization ( if isis is not recognized as a foreign power ) - this constitutes an act of deliberate transfer of loyalty to another power , * proven membership in banned organization such as hamas , muslim brotherhood etc. 
  * conviction of a serious crime ( let us say more than 3 years behind the bars , or a violent crime ) . 
  if someone acquires citizenship of a country , they should at the very least have the duty not to engage in overly hostile acts against the rest of their co-citizens . 
  if they do , they deserve kicking out . 
  by the way , i noticed that the sas is rumored to prowl the battlefields of syria , killing identified british jihadists , because it is easier to kill them in a lawless zone than to bother the justice system with them once they return to britain . 
  may be just a rumor , though . 
  but it has its own logic . 
  i do not think it is humanitarian to crash european states by taking millions of poor and uneducated people from asia and africa . 
  on the contrary , the result would probably be mass carnage , because law enforcement can do only so much before it is overwhelmed , and after that , people start taking things into their own hands . 
  european culture and civilization is worth preserving . 
  if europe turns to africa 2.0 , no one will profit . 
  neither europeans , nor africans .
