  people who made syria what it is and who would be happy to make europe into syria 2.0 , just on larger scale . 
  once they are numerous enough , we will have it on our streets , too . 
  you obviously do not believe in the possibility of such development , say , in your own country , do you ? 
  i do not like the current bloated monster that calls itself `` human rights '' , no . 
  we are coddling our mortal enemies and , once they are numerous enough to start a full-scale war on us , we might actually be defeated and exterminated by them . 
  there wo n't even be a tombstone to write `` suicide by human rights '' onto . 
  jihadis are enemies of mankind and should not be left to breathe . 
  a counterargument : to steer a parliament vote in your direction , you need to bribe/influence/blackmail / manipulate several orders of magnitude fewer people than to influence a nationwide poll . 
  idk about lithuania , but here both this fact and the fact that the smartness of the representatives is not significantly greater that the smartness of the voters are readily observable . 
  non-binding referenda are an exercise in futility . 
  direct democracy should either carry the same weight , or not exist at all . 
  what is this half-baked concept worth ? 
  an expensive poll . 
  interesting , i thought you operated from minas morgul . 
  i was thinking about the eu as a whole . 
  my country is not really pussified into oblivion yet , but the influence from berlin and brussels is felt . 
  for example , the european court for human rights recently curtailed our practice of keeping caught migrants in detention facilities . 
  this particular problem can be remedied , but the influence is there . 
  including the ngos living from european grants . 
  / u/tavvvin that is what i heard repeatedly from swedes . 
  and not just one or two of them . 
  they might be lying , of course , or just afraid of telling how they feel . 
  let us face it , we live in a giant pussyville . 
  the swedish people have one major weakness that we czechs do not have . 
  they trust their government to have their best interests in its heart . 
  or at least , they used to trust their government for decades , because it used to work rather well . 
  now they are forced to come to terms with a painful disappointment , namely , that their government started believing in the whole `` humanitarian superpower '' concept so strongly that they imported hundreds of thousands of unemployable and culturally alien people into their welfare nest and made sweden a major attraction for approx . 
  2 billion other unemplyoable and culturally alien people . 
  we central europeans can not really comprehend the feeling of awe and betrayal . 
  we simply know that our politicians are lying scum capable of anything . 
  in the czech republic , the biological age of asylum seekers is determined with evaluation of x-rays of their wrists and skulls . 
  in doubt , pro reo , but these cases are rare . 
  refusal of the x-ray means that you are treated as an adult . 
  but the main thing that helps us from being overran is probably that the seekers get approximately 10 eur pro month in cash and are forced to live with their peers in a detention facility for a few weeks . 
  it is not attractive for the youth of bangladesh and congo to cross half the globe for this level of social services . 
  the swedish generosity , though , produces quite a pull factor . 
  in the suicidal atmosphere of contemporary europe , where mass murderers enjoy a wide range of rights , this is a surprisingly rational move . 
  in the best simon and garfunkel voice : `` if i cooooooooooould , i surely would ! '', 
  i can imagine it all too well , but the new rulers would come from the inside , not from the outside . 
  without ruthenia , czechoslovakia was not really complete anymore ;-), 
  truth hurts sometimes . 
  is there any swedish statistics regarding `` how big percentage of all welfare spending in sweden is spent on first and second generation immigrants '' , possibly split further into groups according to the country of origin ? 
  in finland , they studied that and found that yes , mena immigrants are a major burden on the welfare system . 
  ( see : http://vatt.fi/documents/2956369/4207575/t185.pdf/466d79aa-ec0d-4982-9b5d-e45b536d6ae2 ) but it strikes me as a topic which would be very controversial in sweden . 
  i met only a few people who could be described by your words . 
  most people are just frustrated by the top dogs and wishing that their opinions on some topics were not ignored . 
  that said , if you speak about the politicians , not the voters , you are onto something . 
  i can not speak for the czech republic as a whole , and i will not attempt to . 
  true is that the expectations upon joining the eu in 2004 were different in some crucial aspects . 
  for example , we expected the schengen outer border to be defended vigorously . 
  our slovak friends had to fortify their ukrainian border and were constantly checked on by the european authorities whether they do it right . 
  fair enough , these were the conditions . 
  but 10 years later , we 're importing thousands of totally unknown people from the libyan coast and taxiing them to europe , this is a travesty . 
  the eu has enough diplomatic and economic clout to persuade the libyans to put a stop to this , but they seem to be unwilling to . 
  having de-facto open border with chaotic warrior statelets in north africa makes me cringe . 
  and not just me , pretty much everyone i speak to , across our political map ( lefties , righties , centrists ) . 
  only a few green voters seem unconcerned , but the greens are not a big party over here . 
  this map basically confirms that east germans are of slavic origin . 
  the distance between them and the rest of the western slavs is smaller than the distance between them and , say , the dutch . 
  tbh a lot of the slavic heritage still lives in the local toponyms . 
  i can understand the meaning of many local names in east germany , which are probably incomprehensible to german speakers ( jasnow , wostrow , kurnick ) . 
  you are right , there was no strict obligation . 
  only prudence . 
  you might have saved yourself the whole blitz , coventry etc. , if the contemporary ruling class just understood that the sudetenland wo n't be last of hitler 's demands , and that czechoslovak industrial capacity ( including arms factories ) was just given freely to your future enemy . 
  that said , hindsight is 20/20 . 
  chamberlain probably really believed that he were saving the european peace . 
  / u / - plastic - , you are speaking of a hypothetical common course of cca 400 million people speaking a babel of languages . 
  i do n't believe that europe is united ( and unitable ) enough for this . 
  even a relatively modest attempt , such as the maastricht convergence criteria , has failed . 
   merkel not being allowed to express her opinion my point is that utterances of top world politicians are not `` just opinions '' in the same way that yours or mine or bulgarian minister 's of agriculture . 
  surely this is readily observable through the entire history of the world and you do not have to be so combative around this factoid . 
  you are right , i made a mistake . 
  we had a defence treaty with france , which in turn had treaty with britain . 
  in practice , if the french honored their obligation and went to war with germany , britain would almost certainly be pulled in . 
  to be used as a deterrent against whom precisely ? 
  that probably depends on whether you count a million african migrants who came over the sea into europe as `` success '' . 
  for caritas etc. , they are clients , so the current state of libya may be `` success '' for them . 
  for the rest of us , who foot the bills and have to live with the question `` how many of those people were sent in by the islamic state as sleepers '' , post-gaddafi libya is an epic failure . 
  the political weight of germany in the eu is so big that `` just opinions '' of the chancellor are not equal to `` just opinions '' of , say , the bulgarian minister of agriculture . 
  more often than not , the german government gets what it wants . 
  who speaks for africa or asia ? 
  pretty much every integration and cooperation project hits the rocks in the moment when the participants realize that , in the long run , most entities ( states , people ... ) will act according to their own interests . 
  czechoslovakia had defence treaties with britain and france before wwii . 
  that helped us a lot ... once they realized that germans are willing to go to war over sudetenland , they threw us to the wolves . 
  nato seems to be headed in the same direction . 
  if the new turkish sultan really starts to rebuild the `` glory '' of the ottoman empire in reality rather than in words , and annexes bulgaria or southern cyprus one day , no one in europe will rush to the aid of the victims , and merkel will not make an exception . 
  edit : we had a treaty with france , which had treaty with britain . 
  not the same as direct treaty with britain , sure . 
  in practice , the british were considered to be on our side , should the war really break out . 
   it 's just that the government doesnt give a fuck about what we think . 
  stop living in a populist bubble . 
  this is actually what the populists say : that the government ignores wishes of major parts of the population . 
  szydlo said poland `` will not participate in the brussels elites ' folly . '', 
  she said poland is extending aid to people in refugee camps in the middle east . 
  concerning the attack in which the polish couple died , orphaning two daughters , she asked : ** `` where are you headed , europe ? 
  rise from your knees and from your lethargy , or you will be crying over your children every day . 
  in all likelihood , the current government will not act on it . 
  first - the prime minister is not the type to adopt such controversial position . 
  second - there is a nasty coalition crisis underway and the bosses spend their days backstabbing one another in creative ways . 
  well we have election soon ( october ) .
