  quelle surprise !, 
  i wonder if it was jean or pierre . 
  / s time to ban hammers . 
  well , there are courageous guys and gals such as sabatina james or hamed abdel-samad who tell it as it is and can not be easily accused of `` waaaycism '' . 
  i am thankful for them and their courage . 
  being a prominent apostate and critic of islam is pretty dangerous job . 
  even if you have police protection , you must count with the possibility of its sudden withdrawal ( either for economic reasons or because some islam lover becomes prime minister ) . 
  i would not have cojones for that . 
  ok , if you do not want israel as an example , try denmark or switzerland . 
  plenty of people with reasonable military training . 
  i think we can agree on the view that most currently proposed countermeasures are either useless , or worse than useless . 
  in my opinion , it would make sense to start with military training of the younger population . 
  once you have enough skilled ( the * skilled * part is very important ) armed reservists in the street , the ability of individual terrorists to cause mass casualties is significantly reduced . 
  i do not think that this is going to happen , though . 
  it would constitute a major paradigm shift in european politics . 
  i am no future teller , and i am certain of nothing but the fact that we are mortals . 
  that said , i believe that the following is going to happen . 
  it is not question what i * want * or what i think would be * efficient * . 
  a ) the chaos in the neignboring regions is going to grow for at least a decade , perhaps two or three . 
  it will spread to europe one way or another . 
  ( imagine some kind of governmental collapse in turkey . 
  immediate massive problems for everyone up to the coast of the north sea ) . 
  b ) the nations and governments will attempt to preserve their old way of governance , with a mixture of useless , showy or over-broad measures ( such as your example - censoring of the internet ) . 
  c ) the underlying problem of radicalization , mutual segregation and disintegration of european populations will get worse , and will be fed by migration inflow from north africa , d ) one day , the security situation in some country will just get out of hand of the law enforcement and yugoslavia 2.0 follows , this time maybe on a continental scale . 
  i would expect the start of trouble in france , but who knows , e ) the result of that conflict is hard to assess , but some battlefields may be unlivable for a few generations . 
  i hate the business with the saudis . 
  the country is isis light . 
  we are selling know-how and technology to our arch-foes . 
  if we were speaking of a few random terrorists who cut down a few people , i would actually agree with you . 
  but i think that the situation is far worse and is going to become yet more worse . 
  terror attacks in europe are just a faint echo of the current destabilization of the islamic world . 
  entire states have failed . 
  entire states are going to fail ( e.g. 
  what happens to algeria once the current president-for-life bouteflika dies ? 
  he is 80 . 
  can the egyptian junta hold the power indefinitely ? 
  will jordan be capable of neutralizing the extremists when two of the bordering states have already gone to hell ? ) . 
  the underlying reasons - spread of salafism/wahhabism in the islamic world and huge population explosion which puts enormous strains on scarce natural resources like water ( while , at the same time , providing countless young cannon-fodder males to the warlords ) , are beyond our ability to solve . 
  we can stop bombing them , but that will not lead to any semblance of peace , the ancient sectarian hatreds in the region are too old . 
  and once the chaos grows some more , the echoes in europe will be stronger . 
  imagine a serious uprising in the french banlieues . 
  could happen and will happen , if france loses its political will or economic ability to pay welfare to the growing mass unemployable youths as a form of danegeld . 
  if you look at the european states that bordered the islamic world , you will see that they were decidedly less enlighted and more brutal . 
  for example , the military frontier of the hapsburgs against the ottomans was a killing zone , and if local warriors were recruited into the european wars ( as happened in the 18th century ) , they sowed terror among the more civilized enemies ( look at baron trenck and his pandurs ) , because the standards of warfare among european nations in the age of enlightement did not apply on the bloody borders of the islamic world and the warriors who held these borders became as brutal and reckless as the muslims themselves . 
  or , for a more notorious case , vlad the impaler . 
  psychopath by all accounts , yet capable of stopping the ottoman invasion of his lands . 
  his atrocities are probably one of the reasons why romanians exist today . 
  i believe this is happening again now . 
  regardless of written treaties , warfare always gradually descends to the `` tit for tat '' mode of operation and if organizations like the islamic state continue to spring up and slit throats of the hostages ( in raqqa or in london ) , at the end of the process the europeans will probably stoop to the same level . 
  * what problem does that solve ? 
  * the problem of survival . 
  after the war , the civilization may flourish again - if it survives . 
  actually , after-war years tend to be very productive in the history of western civilization . 
  look at the baroque era immediately after the 30-years war , or the lively culture and technology of the 1920s or 1960s . 
  this is beyond ridiculous . 
  this is a great way to neuter the people psychologically : to instill learned helplessness into them . 
  if this is the intent , idk , but the result may be a nation where cowardice became the societal norm . 
  the official response . 
  run . 
  hide . 
  fight . 
  i would say that europe as a collective is somewhere between 0 and 1 , where 0 was `` deny and pretend nothing is happening '' . 
  i wander what must happen for us to proceed to 3 and start throwing some holy hand grenades of antioch at guys like this . 
  ( for explanation of the holy hand grenade of antioch - it is a legendary scene by monty python - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3ioxrzt9ric ), 
  this is fucking crazy . 
  so she basically wants to cripple critical infrastructure and make it more vulnerable to hacking attack . 
  as if internet was the problem . 
  freaking wahhabi , salafi , deobandi islam is the problem . 
  not technology , but middle ages in action . 
  at this point , trying not to hurt someone 's feeling directly translates to bad policy which does not even begin to touch the roots of the problem . 
  forget the bullshit about freedom of religion . 
  if anyone preaches introduction of sharia law , they have crossed the border between religion and politics , and political movements can be banned . 
  political religion directly caused the 30 years war in europe ( 1618-1648 ) , which meant losses of up to 40 per cent of the population in central europe . 
  we seem to be headed in the same direction 4 centuries later . 
  no one has a problem with the ahmadiyya etc. , who just live their religion spiritually - well , `` no one '' except mainstream sunni islam , that is . 
   you ca n't provide 100 % security from terror attacks frequency matters . 
  see the recent history of israel . 
  they can live with the threat level now . 
  they could not live with the second intifada . 
   i have n't said that we should abandon law enforcement and permit violence ... one of the problems that are not solved easily comes from the parallel societies . 
  it is not really possible to enforce law once parallel societies start to grow . 
  there is a troubling tendency , for example among the salafists , to take over certain locations . 
  in the western europe , this might be just a block or two , or a very small neigbourhood . 
  in places like bosnia , it means entire villages that suddenly go full salafi . 
  once this happens , and it usually happens legally ( at least there is no law prohibiting fundies to move in together ) , you have an opaque and potentially hostile foreign body in the tissue of the country , impenetrable from the outside . 
  in britain , the deobandi community does the same . 
  in some places , it is the local council of elders that calls the shots , because the population could not care less about the secular structures . 
  this is not yet syria , but definitely a major red flag . 
  not coincidentally , such places are usually good recruiting grounds for the isis . 
   well , another redditor commented to me that just because they have jobs , they do n't necissarily share the same values . 
  in the case of the vietnamese , their culture seems to be rather close to our culture of the 1920s or 1930s . 
  : more socially conservative , but recognizably so . 
  this is , of course , part of the whole equation . 
   a neonazi kicked a guy on the subway railroad in front of a train this is seriously fucked up . 
  the trouble is that people who sincerely believe in things such as theocracy are often not particularly interested in articles of some sinful , infidel grundgesetz . 
  god 's earthly utopias are more often than not established by violence . 
  at which point the grundgesetz is not self-defending ( no book is ) , but needs the law enforcement and army to survive . 
  and the political will to set them in motion against the true believers . 
  some of the true believers are ready to die and possibly take others with them , which may result in very unpleasant scenes upon contact with the armed forces . 
  ( see general sisi 's coup in egypt . ),
