  in case of british pakistanis , the risk seems to be about tenfold . 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/health/news/7957808/700-children-born-with-genetic-disabilities-due-to-cousin-marriages-every-year.html for another example , see the occurence of genetic defects in the hapsburg family tree or occurence of haemophilia in the issue of queen victoria . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/haemophilia_in_european_royalty https://owlcation.com/humanities/the-habsburg-jaw-and-other-royal-inbreeding-deformities-and-disorders nature does not really care if you are royal or peasant - marrying relatives is going to poison the gene pool of said family slowly , but surely . 
  i believe i provided enough interesting reading in my links , but once you 're through with it , come for some more . 
  we might talk about the amish , bedouins , residents of long island or specific families of white boers in south africa , which exhibit serious problems due to founder effects and / or constant inbreeding . 
  there is a handful of czech villages scattered around the balkans and ukraine . 
  the locals indeed tend to marry among themselves , although not exclusively . 
  idk about frequency of genetic diseases there . 
  doing this once is not so bad . 
  doing this on large scale for centuries is very , very bad . 
  this is a good starter : http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/health/children/11723308/first-cousin-marriages-in-pakistani-communities-leading-to-appalling-disabilities-among-children.html and this : http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/programmes/newsnight/4442010.stm it is not that they started with the thing yesterday . 
  the core of the problem is that once you practice cousin marriage for * several centuries * , the genome is going to accumulate really bad things . 
  having communism is actually a very efficient inoculation against utopisms a la soros ' open society fund etc. 
   nothing can stop them from crossing borders in theory , no . 
  in practice , austrians and the swiss would probably still feel the need to block the mountain passes , even at the price of refusing to honor italian papers . 
  there are elections in de and at this autumn , and a fresh wave of africans would be most unwelcome to the mainstream parties . 
  yeah , see my nick . 
   there is a factual upper limit for how much migrants we can deal with this . 
  | i would not , but without an objective meter neither you nor me can prove it . 
  well , its reddit , not an algebra lesson . 
  but compare the politics of austria and germany . 
  very different . 
  austrians 're - invented ' themselves after the war as ` the first victims of nazi aggression ' , although this reinvention was a bit fanciful ; as a result , `` kriegsschuld '' ( a real and used expression in germany ) is almost invisible in austria . 
  | this is a self-selecting bias and says nothing about the population . 
  the population as a whole usually cares about their daily lives . 
  it is the intellectual class which spends time with history or future , and it is well concentrated around the guardian in uk . 
  how many british academics prefer the telegraph ? 
  not many . 
  | what do you want to prove with this that concern about the future threats from that direction is neither frivolous nor fantastic . 
  if an entity dreams about their imperial era as the `` golden age '' , chances are that they might repeat the process one day . 
  precisely this happened with russia once putin took over . 
  i consider it entirely possible that once erdogan purges the entire internal opposition and hangs their figureheads , he will move to some neo-ottoman shit . 
  dictators love to pull off some wars . 
  already his speeches about `` narrow borders that constrain turkey '' are troublesome . 
  and in such situation , internal destabilization of europe by reopening the balkan migration route would weaken his opponents and strenghten his hands . 
  how many people from pakistan and bangladesh would set on a journey once they knew that the path through turkey is open again ? 
  it is , after all , much safer than trying to cross from africa . 
  really ? 
  on the contrary , i would say that germany is absolutely obsessed with its past , up to the point of reducing themselves to the worst 12 years of their history . 
  and british intellectual class is stuck in the `` we-bad-collonialists-can-never-redeem-ourselves-mode '' . 
  just read the guardian 's opinion pages . 
  idk about spain . 
  think for a moment about turkey . 
  unlike germany , turkey still considers their imperial moments to be the golden era . 
  you can run afoul law if you criticize turkish wars/genocides . 
  `` insult of turkishness '' is a real offence and people are punished for it . 
  how do you think we would live , if our german neighbors officially celebrated the third reich and made * acknowledgment * ( instead of * denial * ) of the holocaust an offence ? 
  not very happily , right ? 
  iranians are probably an exception , the shi'a are a minority in the islamic world , which always meant that they had to care more about their survival than expansion . 
  the theory of islam divides the world into two zones `` dar-al-islam '' ( the house of islam ) and `` dar-al-harb '' ( the house of war , where islam was not established yet . 
  this is mainstream theology , https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/divisions_of_the_world_in_islam so your question about pakistani muslims is rather imprecise . 
  if the duty of the faithful is to spread the religion until it rules the entire globe , both the ancient sultans of turkey and the modern , say , deobandi clerics of pakistan share the same goal . 
  ottoman imperialism was motivated religiously . 
  the sultan was the khalifa , remember ? 
  barbary piracy is about as relevant as us slavery is , imho . 
  i am half bulgarian . 
  we had our share of trouble with the turks until the end of the 19th century , where `` trouble '' meant `` chopping heads off , flaying alive , exterminating entire cities , impaling pows '' etc. 
  my own great-great-grandfather was beheaded without trial , with many others . 
  tha is not 500 years ago . 
  the `` bashibozouk '' troups were not that different from contemporary isis , murderous fanatics . 
  it is not , it is probably result of a very simplistic `` hey , immigrant must be fond of all other immigrants , otherwise he is stupid or insane '' thought . 
  no , he does not have to be . 
  estonia was spared this , but most southern european nations , up to hungary and austria , were literally forged through unceasing wars with a ) the arab invaders , including pirates stationed in north africa or b ) their ottoman followers . 
  these were cruel wars and they left a trace visible until today . 
  you can not drive around the balkans without running into old fortifications all the time . 
  just like estonians have good reasons to fear russian expansionism , so the southern nations have good reasons to fear islamic expansionism . 
  and note that in both cases , the expansion may work through more peaceful means than outright conquest . 
  no , most of the commenters in that thread said that they came into contact with him during their employment duties . 
  waiters , drivers , legal people , conference hosts , various kinds of staff . 
  apparently he likes to visit the `` backstage '' at every occasion and chat with the employees , this was mentioned like 100 + times . 
  well , i looked into history of some of the commenters , most of them did not even look particularly interested in politics . 
   we dont want usa style police force here . 
  usa style police force = result of having to suppress gangs like mara salvatrucha ( google the photos of their victims - these people are just nuts ) . 
  niceties like investigation of warning shots are a sign of peaceful , trouble-less societies like finland . 
  i heard about this , where can i learn more details ? 
   freedom of movement resulting in significant brain drain . 
  this advantage is a double-edged sword . 
   also , mena/african immigration ( reason why it grew in western europe ) is not really massive in eastern europe ... and we enjoy this fact and do not want to change it . 
  but the continuing taxi service for africans is threatening this status quo . 
  indeed , why ? 
  perhaps we are a club of pathological liars ... 
  kudos to your understanding of the situation of 1920 . 
  most people tend to drag the contemporary thought patterns , politics and sensibilities into historical events . 
  i like when somebody transcends this patterns and demonstrates the ability to think like our ancestors who actually had to address the crisis . 
   the territory is mostly settled by polish the gorals living in the countryside were neither clearly polish nor czech , and they would not call themselves either . 
  this was a border region with a mix of cultural and linguistic elements from both sides , much less differentiated into `` poles '' and `` czechs '' , than it is today , after 4 generations of systematic polish/czech schooling and cultural immersion . 
  back then , the railway between ostrava and ko\u0161ice was really vital . 
  yielding control over it to anyone else would be very risky . 
  if , for example , the hungarians decided to reinvade slovakia and ruthenia ( which they already did in 1919 ) , resupplying the czechoslovak defenders would be conditional on good will of warsaw . 
  this is a huge gamble . 
  the flashpoint for the war about zaolzie , though , was the unilateral decision of the polish government to hold sejm elections there . 
  until then , prague tried to resolve the matter on diplomatic level . 
  should warsaw postpone the election in the disputed regions and not push it , the war might have been avoided . 
  the real conflict was about who controls the railway from ostrava to ko\u0161ice . 
  back then , this was a vital link between the czech lands and slovakia . 
  given the mountainous character of the beskydy region , it could not be built and maintained anywhere but in the pass of jablunkov . 
  from the czechoslovak point of view , loss of control over that line would be tantamount to potential loss of slovakia as a whole . 
  the hungarians were not happy about losing slovakia , it took a war to thwart their military efforts to reoccupy it . 
  basically , the same as the danzig corridor for poland . 
  the polish government would not yield the only access to the sea either .
