  complex solutions are n't necessarily better . 
  i do not understand why people tend to look for complexity instead of simplicity . 
  complex systems break down far more often . 
  you will find a lot of examples in which simple solutions work . 
  dehydration of human organism is a very complex process , but the solution is simple : drink some water . 
  returning the boats to africa would certainly act as a deterrent . 
  recently , even bangladeshis try to get to europe from libyan coast . 
  that is quite a long and expensive journey to make . 
  if your chances to get stuck on libyan coast increase , you will think twice before you leave bangladesh and spend a small fortune on smugglers . 
  die welt , 4 days ago : `` a syrian is whoever claims to be . '', 
  i am really ashamed that europe does not give a damn about brutal violations of human rights of boers in south africa . 
  you are our cousins . 
  who else should care but us ? 
  this is a result of decades of guilt-tripping by colonialism . 
  / r/storywithin i googled it . 
  what a disgusting character . 
  denk in the netherlands is n't much better , though . 
  i find it grimly funny how many dutch muslims switched their vote to denk in the last election . 
  the pvda probably thought that they locked the muslim vote forever - surprise , surprise , they have n't !, 
  yeah , on the day when i created the id i felt very rebellious :-), 
  thank you for your legal explanation . 
  well i am a wine drinker and while wine does not make me fat , it wakes up some cravings for cheese and sausage , which already does . 
  i live close to the tourist centre of prague . 
  believe me , i met a lot of norwegians who have obviously done the same calculation in their heads :-) singaporeans , not so much . 
  even in the usa , where the first amendment covers a really broad range of opinions , clear incitement to violence is usually considered illegal . 
  if this is to be tolerated , next time a skinhead who exhorts his buddies to kill muslims will have to be tolerated as well . 
  this is a shortcut to hell . 
  / u/whitelowtopconverse on the electoral map of sweden , i noticed that sverigedemokraterna usually has double vote share in skane than the swedish average . 
  if they get 12 % countrywide , they get 25 % in skane . 
  does this still hold ? 
  if opinion polls say `` 25 % for sd in whole sweden '' , does that mean that they are close to 50 % in skane ? 
  who rules those countries ? 
  the libyan , algerian etc. 
  ruling class studies in europe , makes vacations in europe , looks for top-tier healthcare in europe , owns property in europe , has money in european banks . 
  tell them in no uncertain terms that they will be barred from doing so if they do not abide by the international treaties ( which stipulate that rescued people must be brought to the nearest safe port ) . 
  sugar it up a little with a promise of some development projects if they cooperate . 
  that would work 100 % . 
  sadly this is probably more common in europe than people think . 
  imams who do not preach in western languages may bloody say what they want , because the governments do not have enough resources to spy on them all . 
  and with imams trained in and paid by saudi arabia we get the worst of salafi islam . 
  but of course , the riyadh gentlemen have so much money that no western government wants to antagonize them , up to the point of tolerating hate preachers who sow seeds of a potential religious war . 
  my suspicion that the ngos are in direct contact with the smugglers and wait for their announced boats is almost equal to certainty . 
  i believe that the only way how to stop discrimination is growth of mutual trust . 
  you do not really have any reason to discriminate against people you trust . 
  that was the original idea of the eu : to build trust slowly on a continent wrecked by war . 
  it took some decades of peace for the european nations to grow trustful against one another . 
  as of 2017 , the germans and the french do not really suspect each other of holding hostile plans against the other . 
  that is why discrimination of germans in france and vice versa is in practice pretty low , if extant at all . 
  it is not the same everywhere , northern ireland is still quite divided and both mistrust and discrimination run high there , regardless of what the written law says . 
  people are creative when they want to exclude someone from their neigbourhoods/companies/schools etc. 
  there are more such places . 
  for example , hungary gave voting rights and passports to ethnic hungarians in neighboring countries ( ah , the joys of dual nationality ! ), 
  that did not go well with the majorities - the fear of irredentism is real . 
  there is definitely some distrust and segregation there . 
  not as bad as in northern ireland , but still . 
  there is one thing to forbid something by law ; another thing to enforce that law ; yet another thing to make people internalize such law and accept it internally . 
  unfortunately i can not see the necessary trust between muslim and non-muslim communities to grow . 
  like you said , the erdogan 's asslickers do not help , neither do all the videos from isis ( and the knowledge that some fighters have come back from there into europe and are living currently in our proximity ) . 
  without said trust , there will be segregation/discrimination indefinitely . 
  the hungarians are open about it . 
  the french may not be , but their monied class will still not send their children into schools with the children from the banlieues and employ random muhammads from the banlieues when they grow up . 
  in fact , there is an astounding level of hypocrisy around this . 
  there are already many western ngos on the ground , they could help in this . 
  i know about ditib . 
  the turkish constitutional referendum did not help either . 
  the trace of islamic conquest in the common cultural heritage of the balkans is very deep . 
  i am from a mixed czech/bulgarian family . 
  the whole folklore in the balkans - folk songs , fairy tales , chronicles - is about the mohammedans hunting / enslaving / exterminating / forcibly converting the christians . 
  basically already children know that they were once slaves . 
  and that is how it was back then ... 
  some regions ( such as vojvodina ) were totally depopulated during the turkish wars and only resettled by a motley of nations from northern parts of central europe later . 
  such deep cultural wound can not really be erased in a few years , especially when western europe is seen to struggle with integration as well . 
  i would describe the whole conflict in this fictional discussion . 
  --------------------------------------------------------- european commission : you need to take some muslims into hungary . 
  random miklos from budapest : oh , we have plenty of historical experience with them . 
  took us 300 years to liberate the country again . 
  thanks but no thanks . 
  european commission : that was then , now the situation is completely different . 
  they are not a danger anymore . 
  random miklos from budapest : maybe now . 
  what is going to happen with the second generation ? 
  the one the votes for erdogan in germany and burns cars in france ? 
  will we , too , have a permanent exceptional states like the french do ? 
  thanks but no thanks . 
  european commission : you * must * help the italians by taking in muslims regardless of your doubts and suspicions , or else ... !, 
  ( away with the funds , get thrown out of the eu etc. ), 
  at which point it really escalates into political brinkmanship . 
  orban is considered far/right by the germans , but he is actually under some electoral pressure by much more radical party , called jobbik . 
  they have grown their share of vote to some 25 % and are gaining some traction even at the universities . 
  on the other hand i understand why the italians and the greek are desperate . 
  no easy way from this out . 
  were the tabloids pro-eec in the 1970s ? 
  genuine question . 
  this phenomenon of young immigrants who make selfies in front of random porsches etc. 
  is known from britain as well . 
  i think that it indicates that spreading the unvarnished truth can be efficient . 
  if those youngsters feel compelled to lie to their own siblings and friends , that means that they are disappointed with their real situation . 
  i heard this actually more than once : `` europe is not as good as it seems in tv from afar . '', 
  i am not sure if countercampaign would work , but currently we 're just letting the smuggler 's propaganda run unopposed . 
  at the very least , such a countercampaign would not be very expensive .
