  the current czech government is quite israel-friendly , but the next one may be even more , if parties like realiste get into the parliament , and actually act on it . 
  hey , kristina pelakova is very cool ;-), 
  unfortunately , looking at the sad state of most european militaries , the common defense clauses seem to have mutated into `` someone else will save us in need '' concept . 
  he might . 
  it is hard to play cool if you have a very uncool public persona . 
  this is probably the last word i would associate with him . 
  coolness level = immeasurably low . 
  tbh the bundeswehr is very underinvested and would receive a hefty beating from the polish army alone , let alone from the russians . 
  let us face it , berlusconi 's bunga-bunga parties were at least fun . 
  no fun around andrej , not really . 
  i do n't envy you , / u/obra1907 . 
  because until the grim reaper finally fancies him , erdogan will continue to be a fount of such wisdom . 
  the trouble with political violence is that it does not really have a `` chance '' , because it is not really random . 
  it can spin out of control very easily and grow into complete chaos/war with mass casualties . 
  as such , the calculations are meaningless . 
  they still resent getting kicked back from vienna in 1683 . 
  turks do not engage in outright terrorism , but are happy to turn in tens of thousands on erdogan rallies - in k\u00f6ln , in vienna - and shout in turkish `` we will die for you , we will kill for you , oh our dear leader '' . 
  not a smaller problem . 
  one day , you might have sudetenland ii problem . 
  try this . 
  given how many german students supported hitler ... 
  given how many intellectuals supported stalin ... 
  given how american universities are a hotbed of political correctness ... smart people can be ideologically quite crazy as well . 
  would they really start civil war ii . 
  well it is not really that important to be a un member . 
  not economically . 
  no one will boycott your products or levy tariffs on them because you stay outside the un . 
  taiwan is not a un member for how long , and it is a major export power . 
  in my opinion , the only thing that can work is `` fortress north africa '' . 
  which means good control of the southern borders of the north african states . 
  it is doable , because sahara can not be crossed at will , at least not by masses of people ( determined individuals may slip through , but thousands can not ) ; there are only so many functional roads . 
  once the clients of the smuggler gangs are on the mediterranean shore , it is much harder to stop them . 
  i am leo , and i am not proving it to you , sir . 
  i do not like counting votes for commies ( ks\u010cm ) here either , but precisely : this is what i am obliged to do . 
  interestingly , in that bremen case , the culprits were 16-18 . 
  odd that german law gives this amount of trust to minors . 
  here is a link to a focus article which claims that the party is going to contest at least 15 other precincts with the same 0,0 % vote . 
  15 precincts had 0 votes for afd . 
  that is statistically very unlikely . 
  in a collection of several hundred votes , you will almost always have at least one vote for a 7 % party . 
  if more cases of manipulation are proven , recount of the entire state would be justified . 
  there was . 
  then there was a proven voting fraud in bremen in autumn 2015 . 
  students who counted the votes entered false values into the computer in order to reduce the afd vote . 
  it affected a third of all voting precincts in bremen . 
  after official recount , afd gained a seat and spd lost one . 
  remember the old line `` we had to destroy the village in order to save it . 
  yeah , the level of blatancy in this `` business '' is shocking . 
  no subtle manipulation , just `` chuck all undesirable votes into the trash '' method . 
  i wonder if someone is going to try to pin this on `` russian hackers '' . 
  tl ; dr translation from german : after the election in the most populous german state , nordrhein-westfalen , the euroskeptic/anti-immigration party afd started receiving complaints from its voters that their votes were not tallied . 
  a recount of a single precinct in m\u00f6nchengladbach , where afd officially received 0 % of the vote , showed that all 37 afd votes were falsely marked as invalid . 
  after the recount , afd got 8,6 % of the vote in that precinct . 
  ( focus online ) : afd initiates recount in other 15 precincts where it obtained 0,0 % of the vote ( a statistically unlikely phenomenon ) . 
  from a logical point of view , this is the only viable candidate . 
  but then there are the political sensibilities , which stand in the way of logic . 
  even the tone-deaf tourists at least love his balls ( mozartkugeln ) . 
  so , what will be the language of command ? 
  edit : why am i getting downvoted on this ? 
  a legitimate question . 
  an army can not exist with the staff speaking a babel of languages . 
  they need a working common language . 
  if italy does not clamp down on the people-smuggling business from africa , this future coalition may close the alpine passes macedonian-style . 
  now that is a question which deserves its own thread :-), 
  if the accused man was a known career criminal and the case were a common criminal case , i could accept that . 
  but given that this is a highly politicised case , i find it reasonable to be careful about whom i trust more . 
  context and circumstances matter . 
  as the former state secretary of integration , he probably harbors no illusions with regard to the intractability of some immigration-related conflicts . 
  no wonder that his policies in this regard are rather strict . 
  you seem to trust your authorities a lot , taking their statements at face value . 
  once upon a time , the czechoslovak army would not accept gay men as recruits . 
  since the service was deeply unpopular at that time , some conscripts would ( mis ) represent them to the authorities as gay . 
  in cases of doubt , a device called plethysmograph was used . 
  basically , the subject was shown naughty pictures of men and women , and the blood flow into his penis was measured . 
  the results were not really a * proof * , but reliable enough to distinguish the obvious fakers . 
  yes , i am an euroskeptic , and yes , i am quite open about it . 
  so what ? 
   no it 's not funded by the eu commission . 
  the french organisation that made it receives funds from the commission . 
  i am not sure that you are right , but even if you are , this is a classical example of a * distinction without difference * . 
  do you want an obvious example ? 
  if a lab sponsored by big tobacco produces a study claiming that smoking does not cause cancer , you can not consider it independent of the big tobacco money in any meaningful sense , even though the study itself can not be shown to have used the big tobacco money directly . 
  this is classical conflict of interest , well understood both in science and politics . 
  as for commercial corporations like orange mobile , they just pay some danegeld to `` activist '' organizations in order to keep them off their neck . 
  this is way too common . 
  look , for example , at the subtle financing of greenpeace . 
  i agree that there are more blatant cases of money waste , but it is worth remembering that a mighty desert dune still consists of tiny particles of sand . 
  tbh hungary has a lot of water . 
  it is basically a country of hot springs and big , lazy rivers . 
  here we go . 
  that 's like saying that 9/11 bombers were americans , because they spent the last night in an american hotel . 
  how do you like your taxpayer 's funds `` at work '' ? 
  btw i ca n't help thinking that the `` angry crowd of eastern europeans '' around 1.00 was directly inspired by this crowd at the horgos/roszke border crossing of 2015 . 
  i mean this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5sepm4awepm only the sides were switched in the propaganda video , of course . 
  this is beyond surreal . 
  well you will have an opportunity to elect somebody else soon . 
  and please , please , send the greens under the 5 % limit . 
  this party should have died long ago . 
  their original idea - to protect the environment - has been adapted by the rest of the political scene . 
  their new ideas make me wonder if their green colour signifies `` love of nature '' or `` love of islam '' .
