  i do n't count the abolishment of death penalty as `` progress '' . 
  not when i see the consequences . 
  theoretically , it sounds good . 
  practically , i consider it societal self-harm . 
  i actually think that people who voluntarily join the isis are the best candidates for the death penalty . 
  isis is an exclusive club of violent psychopaths which even does not try to whitewash itself . 
  anyone with internet can research their jolly habits of beheading people with a knife or burning them in a cage . 
  this girl knew perfectly well what she plans to join . 
  if you leave her alive and possibly accept her back to germany , she might one day behead you or your loved ones . 
  the correct word is probably `` blackwash '' . 
  you racist . 
   few overzealous oddballs are going to bring down western civilization as we know it . 
  universities are an important source of knowledge and wisdom . 
  if you poison them with extremist ideology , there is a good chance that this will spill over to the society at large . 
  i still wonder where do the greens get their 8 per cent from . 
  they no longer dominate the environmental issues , gender is not that important for an average voter , their immigration policy is much too open to resonate with the german public at large and , on the l\u00e4nder level , they screwed up every educational system that they were entrusted to take care about . 
  i would expect them to fly out of the bt altogether , but they seem to have quite a hard core of dedicated voters . 
   i hope that eu will be able to protect the justice system in my country from corrupt politicians while i understand your sentiment , i do not believe that any distant power ( and yes , brussels is far from bucharest , not just in terms of kilometers , but of culture and power balance ) can protect a people from themselves . 
  if romanians or whoever else keep electing crooks , they are making their own bed . 
  any of the major countries leaving the euro , or even stating publicly the intention to do so , would be a major blow to the entire project . 
  eurozone is very political . 
   people literally do n't believe that someone could do something so vile wait , didnt the armenian genocide happen in the region just next to the iranian border ? 
  i already punished him by upvoting him - do the same ;-), 
  is it really so abhorrent to hire relatives ? 
  i do not necessarily think so . 
  some jobs need extraordinary levels of trust . 
  i never hired a relative , but i hired a long-time friend once precisely for this reason : the position meant frequent contact with sensitive data and i felt i could trust that person more than a random hiree from the street , even with impeccable cv . 
  although - it is italy . 
  on the other hand , twitter is ye olde fake news channel . 
  they comment in die welt on the ship as well . 
   most this word actually implies that something might be , no ? 
  i think that the difference is smaller than it looks . 
  self-segregation is almost never based on consent of every involved person . 
  the holdouts are `` squeezed out '' without much public interest . 
  an interesting bbc documentary aired a year ago : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/last_whites_of_the_east_end, 
   apartheid is not the answer to what ? 
  earlier this year , the baroness casey report has emerged , describing the growing segregation of ethnic communities in great britain . 
  it seems that people tend to self-segregate ; especially the muslim and non-muslim communities seem not to want to mix . 
  the political class in britain was rather perplexed by the study , because it does not fit the prevailing enrichment ideology ; after all , no one can really sell the balkans as a particularly happy and successful region . 
  http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-38200989 http://www.huffingtonpost.co.uk/entry/uncomfortable-truths-casey-review-immigration-integration-britain_uk_584550c1e4b00b318b106c85, 
  at the point when the entire smuggling business ends up before the court in the hague . 
  seeing the current state of the shia/sunni conflict , i am sort-of sure that nothing short of their own 30 years war will swing them towards secularism . 
  trouble is : modern weapons are much more destructive . 
   will only be about 0.15 % of the us population by 2023 this game is not played in 10-year intervals . 
  think 100 years , instead . 
  note the growth of mormons . 
  adults base their political decisions on rationality . 
  feelings play only a secondary role . 
  i might be sorry for the living conditions of bangladesh , but that does not mean i should accept bangladeshi migrants en masse , as is currently being done . 
  you \u0430re mixing immutable biological characteristics ( being black ) with religious identity , which is a choice . 
   running from the source of the problem namely , islam . 
  it is not a random occurence that islam has bloody borders with all the other civilizations , from subsaharan africa to thailand and the philippines . 
  it is a strictly supremacist religion which seeks to dominate any region where it establishes itself . 
  the non-muslim minorities shrink all over the islamic world , being converted , intimidated or driven out . 
  some of them ceased to exist entirely , even though once they were * majorities * . 
  i would suggest you to have a word with them about how it feels to be second-class citizens in your ancestral land . 
  egyptian copts are easy enough to find . 
  they have interesting stories . 
  it is not as if we do not know how islam behaves against non-muslims whenever it starts to dominate some particular place ( and it does not have to be an entire country , a neigbourhood in the west will suffice ) . 
  it is that some of us choose to ignore that knowledge , because it does not fit into their preconceptions about supremacy of western liberalism . 
  western liberals are only very slowly waking up to the fact that a primitive medieval religious system poses a real challenge to them in first world countries , even though the process has been going on for some 30 years . 
  it is sort of surreal , some 30 years after the rushdie riots in britain , to argue about the religious roots of the problem . 
  the people who went on the street there were by no means `` fucked up '' , on the other hand , they were privileged to be able to immigrate into britain and build their lives there . 
  but allah comes first . 
  that is actually quite a bad development , if the qualified and working people leave while the less qualified and welfare dependent stay , ghettoizing further . 
  on the other hand , the erdogan ascendancy may make the educated turks think twice before they leave nl . 
  not even the economy in tr is that great anymore . 
  i am unfortunately quite sure that both last european wars ( yu and ua ) have had plenty of such behavior and while the worst actors of yu were later punished , i do not expect the same to happen in ua . 
  countries/entities which respect rules of war rarely if ever go to war against one another . 
   modern rules of war treat humans as humans the moment they are not a direct threat . 
  this is theory . 
  in practice , even intra-european wars ( yugoslavia 199x , ukraine right now ) tend to descend to a rather lower level . 
  outside europe ( syria , congo ) the situation is even worse . 
  idk , perhaps they are not skeptical enough . 
  i would say that even expansion of the eurozone would be a risky business right now . 
   is there any real unity in that case ? 
  real unity among 28 entities is unnatural . 
  so , mostly a pose for public consumption , with significant differences papered over as long as possible . 
   ey , guess what historical country did exactly that ? 
  pretty much every country which found itself in a serious conflict . 
  look up some allied propaganda from the wwii , you will see that they depicted `` japs '' as human-sized rats etc. 
  which is not to say that i like it . 
  i only want to counter the misconception that dehumanization of the enemy is something exceptional , what really only very evil people like hitler do . 
  it is unfortunately a part of the whole killing business . 
  people kill other people easier if they convince themselves that they are not really human . 
  middle east , north africa . 
  in the context of immigration , it became synonymous with `` trouble '' . 
  as i said , i do not believe that there is a law banning * diplomats * from walking barehead either . 
  the law usually only addresses private visitors . 
   fussing about this migrant thing that barely affects us at all prevention . 
  once it starts affecting you in earnest , you wo n't have many ways how to correct the situation again . 
  actually , the same as `` brushing your teeth before you have cavities and watching your diet before you are morbidly obese '' . 
  i do n't get why some people want the problems to develop before starting to address them . 
  i do not think that this rule applies to diplomatic visits . 
  diplomats are a special class of visitors . 
  no one forces a saudi potentate to drop the traditional clothing and don a savile row suit when arriving at london either . 
  it is understood that they are allowed to represent their country , and their attire is a part of it . 
  gaddafi 's elaborate travel dresses were once legendary , too . 
  would that be lawful in the eu , though ? 
  in the czech republic , brain drain is mostly seen on regional level .
