  i just saw the videos , but it felt like invasion . 
  i remember the refugees from the bosnian war in the early 1990s . 
  mostly families except young men who stayed behind to protect their cities and villages . 
  no shouting , no demands to get to germoney . 
  ( pun intended ) certainly no stone throwing and no brawls with the police . 
  lol . 
  danish humor is really rather similar to czech humor :-) if it were not for the pesky germans in between , we would have been very good neighbors . 
  because it absolutely can not have anything to do with very similar cultures and mutual language intelligibility , which takes off a lot of friction from the integration process . 
  people you have met are not a representative sample . 
  germans ( perhaps with exception of police officers , correctional officers and some medical professionals ) are unlikely to speak to anyone non-integrated , because they live in different neighbourhoods and do not share a common language . 
  afaik a non-trivial share of turkish ladies do not speak german at all , because they rarely leave fully turkified areas . 
  the same happened in the netherlands . 
  yeah , large cohorts of young men in military age , coming from countries that are much more violent on average than western europe is . 
  this spells trouble in the future . 
  they are part of the bundesrat and they are blocking some north africa-related proposals there , oder ? 
  also , studies of voting patterns of german journalists have shown that b90/gr \u00fcne are by far the strongest party among journalists , getting some 35 % of the vote from them . 
  so their viewpoints have far more influence in the media than what would correspond to their real share of vote . 
  i remember that the cdu was toying with an idea of black/green coalition after the autumn bundestag election of 2017 . 
  this is probably passe , but only for the fact that green vote seems to be sliding lately . 
  also , in the second part of my previous comment , i cited angela merkel herself . 
  she is not in opposition . 
  / r/fatortu with expert knowledge , like your aunt has , it is indeed possible to detect cheaters quite quickly . 
  ( then comes another problem , namely : what to do with them . 
  even if the conclusion is that person x is probably a gazan palestinian or mauritanian , and the asylum claim denied , getting them back without papers is very hard , thus they stay anyway . 
  but back to the original problem of detecting frauds . ), 
  but people like your aunt are rare to find . 
  they must have the knowledge of arab dialects , be trustworthy enough to be accepted by the immigration authorities as reliable experts and be willing to do the job for governmental paycheck , which may not be as high as they would like . 
  as of today , immigration authorities of target countries are absolutely overwhelmed and asylum seekers wait months for an appointment . 
  expert vetting of all of them is impossible . 
  i noticed that sweden wanted to develop an automatized , sofware-based dialect recognizer to help them with the problem . 
  i am not sure if it ever went beyond the proposal stage . 
  ( translation : `` suddenly , we are being gifted people ! '' ), 
  that was already after the notorious new years eve night in cologne . 
  i also remember how visegrad countries , but most of them hungary , were outright vilified in germany by trying to put a stop on the human wave from turkey . 
  the first german speakers who got real again were the austrians and when their foreign minister sebastian kurz managed to close the balkan route , angela merkel lashed at him : `` ich bin nicht dankbar ! '', 
  ( i am not thankful ! ), 
  [ link ] ( https://www.tagesschau.de/inland/merkel-interview-113.html ) the guy is now poised to be the new austrian chancellor . 
  i bet he remembers it quite well . 
  i think the chinese will simply use artificial wombs to produce citizens one day . 
  the science is not there yet , but getting there quickly , and east asian nations do not have the same taboos with regard to eugenics that we do . 
  the reliability of such data is a huge problem , though . 
  falsified passports are ubiquitious . 
  die welt , a week ago : `` a syrian is whoever describes himself as a syrian . '', 
  cites bamf ( german authority for migration and asylum ) . 
  i would have venezuelans in a heartbeat . 
  you probably meant libya . 
  syria was sort-of left alone , no direct western military invasion , only some bombings . 
  of course no one can expect that turkey etc. 
  wo n't meddle on the ground there . 
  this actually indicates that the problem cuts both ways : the region is unstable enough to cause trouble regardless of how little or how much you intervene . 
  too many people , too little resources like water , too much religious extremism and lots of guns . 
  let us be exact . 
  the west has a close relationship with the saudi money and oil . 
  the saudis have a close relationship with the products of the western civilization ( healthcare , luxury cars ) and military protection . 
  on the cultural level , we seem to hate each other 's guts . 
  westerners hate the spread of strict islam from the peninsula , saudis are paranoid about the spread of western secular ideas into the peninsula . 
   ichtyo-polis i like this , it sounds like a very huge city full of fish . 
  i know !, 
  :-) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pvy1-v97mic, 
  thank you !, 
  that is the subliminal effect . 
  my plan is to lurk around reddit and watch ... in a year or two , defenestrations everywhere . 
  yeah , this tradition is dear to my heart . 
  and is the difference mainly in vocabulary , or in grammar ? 
  well , the finns have had some influx of migrants recently , regardless of the complexity of their language . 
  some of the recent arrivals from iraq returned to iraq , though , when they found out that a ) it is cold in finland , and b ) the food is bland . 
  / r/frank _ cat to which degree ancient greek is intelligible to modern greeks ? 
  can your read aristoteles without a dictionary ? 
  czech , can confirm intelligibility . 
  to me , this sounds vaguely south slavic-like . 
  because they got more than they bargained for , and now the real expenses are coming to light . 
  i can not speak for sweden , but in germany , even the press is growing more critical about the whole willkommenskultur . 
  they definitely would not risk another run of autumn 2015 - like crisis . 
  maybe we could start with those countries that are more stable , eg . 
  that would motivate other countries to improve their stability as well . 
  a good start would be to stop levying import duties on african agricultural products . 
  that would be giving the african enterpreneurs a fair shot at competing at the vast european market . 
  and people who make enough money home do not really need to risk their lives on a journey across desert and sea . 
  but that wo n't fly in brussels . 
  common agricultural policy . 
  certain mr. reagan once said that he was n't going to care about the deficit , as the deficit is grown enough to take care about itself . 
  it was a joke , but seeing how most countries handle their debt today , they must have mistaken it for an earnest piece of advice . 
  i am afraid that there is enough tribes in africa and the near east to `` supply '' us all ... 
  the natural population growth of africa is about 30 million people yearly . 
  two new netherlands , three new czech republics a year . 
  the migration wave that we are currently witnessing is small in comparison to what may happen in 2020 , let alone 2030 . 
  the arable land and drinkable water in said countries do not grow with the population . 
  ---------------- edit : corrected the numbers . 
  the current pop growth in africa is not 60 million a year . 
  it should peak at approx . 
  50 million a year in the second half of the century , according to un prognoses . 
  yeah , but with that many euros in the ( imaginary ) vaults , we run the forex risk . 
  i do not think that euro is going to collapse in the next months , but it still might happen . 
  economic crashes are , unfortunately , of a rather sudden character . 
  me neither . 
  i do n't have that much money under my pillow . 
  that said , a certain mr. babi\u0161 does :d, 
  now imagine that the ec started infringement procedure against all eurozone members who did not bother to fulfill the maastricht criteria :-), 
  that said , it may be cheaper to waste those money than let themselves be dragged into this maelstrom . 
  our central bank just gave idk how much , over a billion czk ( ? ),
