  having hard data about how many citizens are for/against the changes is not , imho , a huge waste of funds . 
  such results may topple governments if they really decide to go against a majority vote . 
  basques , bretons and corsicans definitely assert themselves as different ethnicities . 
  and they have every reason to do so , having specific cultures and languages . 
  french citizen is not ethnicity , but formal category . 
  and how many banlieue dwellers put their `` french citizen '' identity first ? 
  in britain and germany , the subset of society that sees themselves as `` arab/muslim/pakistani / turkish '' first and `` british/german citizen '' as second or even third is not a minor or irrelevant one . 
  already in 2009 , bbc aired a document called `` muslim first , british second '' , about the radical scene . 
  and yet there is a distinct pattern : * sunni muslim neigbourhoods struggle with a conundrum of major societal problems all over europe , * shia ( persian ) are better off , * other ethnic / religious neigbourhoods are usually much better off ( chinese , hindu , vietnamese ) . 
  idk about recent african migrants . 
  the only other ethnic group in the eu that strikes me as having a similar set of systemic problems are the roma . 
  i admire your courage . 
  not sarcastic , serious . 
  from what i gather , i am far from being the only one having bad experiences in banlieues . 
  an acquaintance of mine ( female ) studied in paris . 
  each year , the students were given a map of paris with black-marked territories that are unsafe . 
  they matched the classical banlieues rather well , and in the 4 years of her studies , they expanded visibly . 
  i can believe that surroundings of eiffel tower may be dangerous as well . 
  benford 's law is the observation that in `` naturally occurring '' large sets of numbers , distributions of leading digits follow a certain pattern . 
  about 30 % of all such numbers start with 1 , etc. 
  see the graph here : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/benford%27s_law no one really knows why , but the pattern seems to hold in accounting books , as long as they are honest . 
  once humans start to fudge the numbers , they introduce observable irregularities in the pattern . 
  if you audit a corporation or a country , abnormalities in this pattern are a major red flag , equivalent to `` has blood on his trousers '' in a murder investigation . 
  they might have innocent explanation , but usually do not . 
  the official accounts of belgium ( and some other european countries , such as romania or greece ) do not conform to the natural pattern , indicating that they are being tampered with . 
  the language barrier matters , too . 
  i am sorta political nerd , but i still struggle to keep being informed about what is going on in , say , hungary or denmark . 
  people who are not political nerds must be entirely oblivous . 
  there is a reason why the usa works better than , for example , belgium does . 
  two reasons . 
  first , your political system is rather top-heavy , with a lot of positions in regional parliaments etc. 
  most countries with 10 million people have slimmer political structures . 
  although legal , it is still kind of systemic corruption , feeding numerous unnecessary people from the common purse . 
  i understand the challenge of the language split , but still . 
  second , belgian accounts do not pass the distribution test of benfords law . 
  this is a major mathematical red flag , usually indicative of book cooking . 
  only in lyon , wandered in randomly as a naive tourist . 
  not a good place at all . 
  being target of a group of `` youths '' immediately , saved by a local shopkeeper ( an old bearded guy ) who said something angry to them in arabic and called me a taxi to get away safely . 
  it was about 1 pm , a bright day . 
  since then , i prefer to read about them from souls that are either more brave , or more foolish , or have more backup than i have . 
  i can see how it could work out in the best case . 
  in the worst case , everything could end up in a permanent gridlock . 
  no problem , shit like that happens all the time ;-), 
  in this country , we have seen a collapse of a formerly strong center-right party ( ods ) from the 25-30 % range to approximately 8-10 % . 
  they seem to have survived , but their glory days are over . 
  it was mostly perception of corruption that did them in . 
  ( i say `` perception '' , though i do not doubt that the problem is real . 
  only that perhaps it was perceived as more serious than it was . ), 
  the main centre-left party , \u010cssd , is following the same path , being reduced from the 25-30 % range to 12 - 14 % in the polls . 
  not because of corruption ( though their politicians probably have at least as much guilt on their heads ) , but because of very weak leadership of mr. sobotka . 
  one would say : well , finally a chance to drain the swamp a bit and elect some cleaner politicians . 
  but , instead , czechs seem to prefer andrej babi\u0161 . 
  i am not happy about that , not at all . 
  yes , it was respected . 
  now that i think of it , babis got his innocence papers from a court in bratislava . 
  the following applies in poorer zones of algeria and france at the same time . 
  * similar ethnic and linguistic composition . 
  * very high unemployment . 
  * problem of a serious salafist infestation . 
  * a destructive macho culture among the youths which takes the worst elements of arab and european cultures and mixes them together . 
  yes , that is what `` lustracni zakon '' was intended to prevent . 
  it worked to some degree , actually . 
  that is why the failures are so painfully obvious . 
  while i find the idea sort-of attractive , i am not sure how a formal test `` you are allowed / you are not '' would look like . 
  disenfranchisement ( in both passive and active voting rights ) is a dangerous play , it may end up with consequences so bad that the original sin were more acceptable . 
  to be honest the problem is not really in the politicians , but in weakness of the institutions that should prosecute , say , bribery . 
  as long as they are not up to the task , the country has a major problem regardless of who gets to the parliament . 
  even honest people will end up as crooks if the temptation is big enough and the risk from law enforcement negligible . 
  in politics , opinions of people tend to differ . 
  the question is if the comparison holds . 
  i can think about other comparisons . 
  for example , the packaging of problematic mortgages into bundles called mortgage-backed securities , which had better ratings , but resulted in massive defaults at the end, 
  i met people with the same sentiments in the czech republic and i must admit i find them sort-of weird . 
  current czech and slovak governments are results of fair elections . 
  basically , we have such a ruling class that we deserve to . 
  if people vote for kali\u0148\u00e1k or babi\u0161 en masse , it is only fair that they suffer the consequences . 
  what you are hoping for is - at best - that other nations of europe will vote for politicians who are , on average , less corrupt than those of slovakia . 
  ( ehm greece , ehm belgium ... 
  i am rather skeptical in this regard . ), 
  ca n't you see that this is basically abdication of responsibility ? 
  as in ` we are n't capable of voting for honest politicians , please , our bigger western brothers , do vote some other politicians for us ' ? 
  i would say that banlieues of france are not fundamentally different from algeria proper . 
  people take their culture and attitudes with them . 
  algeria was pretty bad during the independence war already . 
  all kinds of brutality took place there . 
  and the civil war 1992-2007 was even worse . 
  this kind of rot spreads quite quickly . 
  this is quite a significant change of the treaties and , in my opinion , would warrant referenda in all countries that wish to implement such changes . 
  it is mostly the ngos who act in this way . 
  the politicians do not really bring anyone over anymore , they just do nothing , as always . 
  it is not so different in the usa , where the illegals peaked at some 11 million due to intentionally lax border protection . 
  and yes , some died trying to cross the desert as well . 
  the main difference is that you `` only '' get mara salvatrucha etc. 
  as part of the movement , we get jihadis , who are arguably worse for being irrational . 
  do you consider the victory of the allies over the axis to be a victory ? 
  they firebombed entire german cities and if people like arthur harris were on the losing side , they would have hanged as sure as the german commanders who authorized similar atrocities . 
  in real shooting war , civilizational values do not tend to live any longer than their persuaded carriers . 
  for now , we may still pretend in europe that everything is a-ok . one day , though , we will find ourselves in the same pickle as lebanese christians did in the 1970s . 
  you know very well whom i mean .
