  to keep an artificial czk to eur exchange rate and had to give up at the end anyway . 
  the trouble is that option of a ) is self-reinforcing . 
  familial structure in the arabic world or africa is different from our model of nuclear family . 
  if a family elder in iraq or somalia decides to get moving , the whole family follows ( say , 300 people ) and they will try to settle wherever he ( never she ) is . 
  idk about the netherlands , but for example in berlin they have a major problem with the lebanese `` grossfamilien '' , which are really largish clans ( of the same surname ) and control various segments of organized crime . 
  and the origin of this problem is in * individuals * getting asylum during the lebanese civil war . 
  once they settled in , the rest of their clan followed . 
  i agree with you , norse god . 
  we have a national character called good soldier \u0160vejk , whose spirit is readily discerned in the proposal of / u/kristynaz . 
  unfortunately i think that eu is mightier than a nation of \u0160vejks . 
  let me explain . 
  a random person arrives to germany . 
  after some paper pushing , the germans tell said person to get moving , because the redistribution system says that this particular person should live in sofia . 
  said particular person now has two principal choices : a ) to obey and move to sofia , bulgaria . 
  on the way there , the person is given a card which can be used to withdraw a monthly ( or perhaps weekly ) common european welfare , but is only valid in bulgaria and wo n't work in any other country . 
  that makes them anchored there , if they want it or no , or b ) to refuse this , go illegal and try to find support in their already extant community in germany . 
  which means that they do n't get any social services and must be taken care of by their friends/relatives who were luckier , or possibly work some illegal jobs . 
  -- czechs would definitely prefer a stronger border guard . 
  it is not really a question of allegiance ( eu or particular nation states ) . 
  the spanish state does a good job in keeping the illegal stream narrow , even though ceuta and melilla are pretty exposed . 
  so it is not as if eu-common guard is absolutely necessary . 
  i personally think that it would be reasonable to help the north africans protect their southern borders in sahara . 
  nations like tunisia and libya are smallish , too - the territory is big , but the population is not . 
  for them , being on a major migration route constitutes some risk as well . 
  uh , not 100 % would listen , of course , but some would . 
  if your choice is to a ) accept steady and stable welfare checks with reasonable purchasing power on a condition of having to live somewhere vs. b ) go illegal in a rather expensive country like germany , where relatives or friends would have to feed you , i think that a significant number of people would take a ) . 
  \u0417\u0434\u0440\u0430\u0432\u0435\u0439 :-) ( half bulgarian by family here . ), 
  well , theoretically , yes . 
  practically , i would be happy to get sued and tell them to get stuffed with all their social engineering . 
  yeah , that is the question . 
  my nightmare is that macron + merkel push a common eu social budget through , which will be used to pay generous unified welfare to the migrants wherever they reside , but their cards will work only in atms of the country that they are officially redistributed to . 
  that would create a strong influx of them into the poorer countries , where life is cheaper and where , with german-level welfare , you can live much better than the local pensioners and poor . 
  that would provoke a severe reaction among the local voters , of course , etc. 
  thank you . 
  i am newbie when it comes to posting , this is my first post shared . 
  i just miss the preview button . 
  i wanted to add a comment while keeping the original title there . 
  will be more careful next time . 
  thank you . 
  ok , no problem , my mistake . 
  tried again . 
  two guys whose common goal was to islamize the secular turkish republic . 
  good cop and bad cop tactics ... 
  succeeded . 
  had a falling out over who 's the boss . 
  cry me a river . 
  the only victim here are the secular turkish republicans . 
  well , certain david pecha was prosecuted , but acquitted , for propagation of communism in 2003 . 
  take a look at the realist\u00e9 program and at the ods . 
  i am not sure if anything exists in english , though . 
  there is zero difference between ks\u010cm as of 2017 and ks\u010c as of 1989 ( the last year ) . 
  the members are over 90 % the same and the leadership as well . 
  go visit their city secretariats , there are still busts of lenin there on open display . 
  i do not think that fp\u00d6 has busts of nazi bosses in their offices . 
  we have a fully functional , non-reconstructed communist party ( ks\u010cm ) , though . 
  gathers 10-15 % of the vote in the elections . 
  too much reading about proper healthy diet makes you mixing up words ;-), 
  soviet dictator stalin once said that quantity has its own quality . 
  this is what blows my mind about the rotherham scandal : it was a slavery operation on industrial scale , and yet it went undetected for more than a decade , because there was no political will to expose it . 
  should the ethnicities be reversed , this dirty business would not last a month , eurovision would feature at least two weepy songs about this tragedy ( one of them would receive gold ) and the law enforcement officers who would have arrested the perpetrators would be recipients of every courage award in the eu . 
  this is really surreal . 
  european countries treating their citizens as a disposable material , and calling it `` progress '' . 
  as far as the ability to project serious power goes , the nato is the usa . 
  no other nation , not even all the other nations together would be able to pull off a successful operation against turkey . 
  so this really goes down to `` in case of serious problems , is the current white house willing to go to the brink , or will they throw insignificant minor members of the alliance to the ( grey ) wolves ? '', 
  czechoslovakia had military alliances with france and britain in 1938 . 
  once hitler got serious about sudetenland , our `` allies '' just washed our hands over us in munich . 
  we were not even allowed to send our deputy to the conference . 
   we ca n't afford higher public spending without loaning money . 
  that is precisely the words that many choose not to hear . 
  usable military does not come cheap . 
  for a middle-income economy : country is willing to stuff not 2 , but probably 3 and more per cent of gdp into it , or it loses its defensive capability quite quickly . 
  countries such as israel can not afford to spare on their armies , but in europe , we have had a long period of peace , and some are still not willing to contemplate the perspective that it might be coming to an end . 
  this probably depends on the character of said military service . 
  if it was an `` interesting '' military service ( e.g. 
  comparable to the training of the israeli defence forces ) which would only choose several thousand most capable youngsters in year and come with future perks , i can see people lining up for it . 
  if it was just `` stay at the barracks and mop the floor '' service , everyone would stay away . 
  unfortunately , the second option is much cheaper . 
  in czechia , we have elections soon and some parties are discussing reintroduction of military service as well . 
  the idea is that it would come with some bonuses , e.g. 
  you could make your driving licence ( including trucks ) and your gun permit / concealed carry permit for free . 
  ( you would have to fulfill the conditions , of course , but not pay for training and exams . ), 
  perhaps even tax deductions . 
   any country , regardless of the size of its economy , can run a big deficit and spend too much . 
  scotland can remove the issue in an instant by slashing spending . 
  while this is technically true , major budget cuts , especially in entitlements , are very hard to pull off politically . 
  i can see arguments `` for '' and `` against '' . 
  for - inclusion of people who reside in the city and pay taxes in the decision-making process . 
  against - temptation to import voters from elsewhere and put them on a welfare roll to ensure a certain voting pattern . 
  people like putin and erdogan raising their own parties and having a say in how major metropolises are run . 
   that the man is almost universally liked by the citizens of other eu members afaik neither in german-speaking countries , whose press i regularly read , nor in the visegrad group . 
  dislike of juncker among the people i know stems from three things : a ) arrogant behavior , even against members of ep , b ) his willingness to push controversial agenda even against determined resistance of some member states - this was not practiced by his predecessors , who preferred consensual decision making , c ) the fact that he is responsible for building a major tax haven in his home country and blocking eu-wide attempts to curb this phenomenon . 
  i used to be a supporter of a professional army , but in the era of mass migration , militias/home guards with basic equipment but excellent local knowledge are much more efficient than a small professional army with top-level guns . 
  given that bg is situated right on the balkan people-smuggling path , it is logical that they want to have the manpower to block the borders if necessary . 
  i do agree , but the scottish national budget still feels the carbohydrate price slump very painfully . 
  that still does not change anything about the fact that jean claude juncker is a political disaster on two legs . 
  in my opinion cameron was trying not to have/eat cake at the same time , but saving the epp from its own bad judgement . 
  viability of independent scotland is function f ( x ) , where x is price of oil and gas on international markets . 
  while i can not draw f ( x ) accurately , i am quite certain that with current oil price x , the value of f ( x ) is negative . 
  well cameron wanted to block j-c-juncker from getting the post .
