  prague aggregates a lot of talent from cz , sk , ua , ru , while the peripheral regions struggle . 
  to some degree , brain drain is self-limiting in the sense that rents and property prices in the target cities ( e.g. 
  london ) grow beyond the possibilities of even the young , well paid professionals . 
  i know someone ( highly qualified someone ) who returned from such a dream job because the cost of living skyrocketed . 
  unfortunately brain drain is pretty hard to reverse . 
  the countries losing their talented people struggle without them , while the countries that attract them do benefit from the high concentration of brains and develop even faster . 
  as a result , the gap grows . 
  i am sitting in prague , 700 km from hamburg , and the `` local news '' about the knife attack has made it into all national media . 
  looking at the bbc , they report it on the first page . 
  `` local crime '' ? 
  in a sense , everything is local , but this is significant enough to warrant international news coverage . 
  what were the temperatures in the times of eric the red ? 
  is there any reliable source ? 
  the medieval climate optimum should probably be comparable , no ? 
  at least we have some measure as to `` how much of a burden on european budgets '' the newcomers are going to be . 
  well , you can not have engineers and doctors cheaply , can you ? 
  they really seem to be going the way of producing maximum resistance . 
  elections are coming in cz , arguably the softest of the v4 countries , and news like that will only serve to harden the attitudes here . 
  no one likes to be bossed around like this , and accepting muslim immigrants is already considered a specific form of national suicide here . 
  the history does not support your predictions . 
  both the spanish empire and the british empire were an attempt to build global empires on basis of introducing common cultural elements . 
  to some degree , they succeeded . 
  the languages are spoken worldwide , basic elements of imperial law have survived the disintegration of the empires , the religions have spread . 
  but the empires have still disintegrated and are no more . 
  even though you could send a letter from london to auckland in 1914 for the same 10p as from london to manchester . 
  why ? 
  because not even common language is enough to keep countries together as long as political interests of constituent parts start to diverge . 
  the irish speak english today , they share most of the globalized corporate culture , and yet they are not english and i can not see them ever joining any future anglospheric dominion . 
  there is such thing as `` state being to big '' . 
  where fragmentation is more efficient than trying to hold the whole behemoth together . 
  if it was not , the global empire would have come into existence long ago . 
  you do not need the internet or fast vehicles to rule vast territories . 
  the incas could do it with llamas and dedicated runners instead of horses . 
  the mongols ruled a territory larger than the ussr with medieval technology . 
  | globalization is the inevitable future of this planet , denying it is simply ignorance . 
  inevitable future developments have been predicted self-consciously since about antiquity , and the vast majority of such predictions was incorrect , even though made by smart people . 
  development of the world is too chaotic to model . 
  everyone tends to ignore the variables that do not correspond to his vision , i am not an exception and i do not think that you 're one , either . 
  while you are technically true , the unauthorized recipients of such data are unlikely to acknowledge themselves openly and proving unauthorized read-only access to digital data is one helluva task . 
  under normal conditions , such data are considered leaked . 
  and this , ladies and gentlemen , is what you get when you let the state compile comprehensive statistics on all residents . 
   no problem to find the key with enough cpu-power yes it is . 
  for good algorithms , the key space is too big to be searchable through brute force . 
  if the symmetric cipher has a 256 bits key , a brute force search would have to perform 2 to 256 trials to exhaust the key space . 
  the sun itself does not have enough energy output to power such a search . 
  source : studied algebra and cryptography , did my dissertation on ( feeble ) attempts to break the rsa cipher . 
  visit czechia , we 're quite politically incorrect and multiculturalism is openly mocked here , probably more than it used to be 3-5 years ago . 
  poland is militarily very strong these days , definitely stronger than germany , and it intends to build up the military further , possibly reaching up to 3 per cent of the gdp in spending . 
  were i russia , i would not mess with them . 
  that would be a very unpredictable war , not a walk-over . 
  russians had to cut their military spending by 25 per cent because of the global oil glut and chronically low prices thereof . 
  idk about the hungarians , they are way smaller , but also more out of the way . 
  austria has federal election soon and if they have chancellor kurz and vice-chancellor strache - which seems likely given the angst about the brenner migration route from africa/italy - the new government will not take merkel 's side against the hungarians . 
  in cz , we have elections coming soon and the pro-eu parties are weaker than they used to be . 
  there is a lot more scepticism towards the eu than it ever was . 
  even the socialists are split down the middle . 
  shortcomings of the eu ( migration crisis , crisis of the eurozone , anti-gun legislation which goes against the czech gun culture , migration quotes which are almost universally hated here ) will definitely play some role in the election campaign . 
  do not expect the new czech government to take berlin 's side if berlin moves to punish poland . 
  also , the austrians have elections at the same time that we do , and the fpoe ( the party which triggered the 2000 eu-wide boycott of austria ) is probably going to enter the coalition afterwards . 
  and both they and the new boss of the oevp kurz are friendly towards the hungarians . 
  it is not as if there were a neat split of `` pl , hu '' vs. `` everyone else '' . 
  not just american . 
  denmark is chock-full of flags , as is catalonia . 
  interesting reading : https://www.thecairoreview.com/essays/how-to-feed-egypt/, 
  i think that this is beyond our capacity to solve . 
  the problem does not stem from climate issues alone . 
  things like the sunni-shia conflict are major drivers of instability in the near east and , judging from the european religious war experience ( the thirty years war ) , nothing short of total exhaustion of both sides is going to mitigate such conflicts of deeply held faith . 
  trouble is , weapon systems of today are much more destructive than those of 17th century , and so is the chaos which grows from the battlefields . 
  is the uk so law abiding that no one risks to leak the report ? 
  i believe that this is happening as we speak . 
  stable countries are always interesting for foreign capital . 
  this process is naturally slow , though , and i do not think that it can be artificially sped up . 
  countries like iran or china attempted a government-driven , fast modernization , only to destabilize themselves when things changed too fast . 
  btw yes , i noticed that the richer countries of africa complain about immigrants from the poorer countries of africa - just like europeans do . 
  africans are tribal and some tribes hate each other . 
  zulus are pretty militant and harass zimbabwean immigrants in sa . 
  i do not believe that continents are possible to develop `` from the outside '' . 
  investing into a country requires some minimal institutions , so that the money does not immediately fill the coffers of the local warlords . 
  this is something that most of subsaharan africa sorely misses and which is nigh impossible to implement from the outside . 
  the few countries which have managed to stabilize themselves from within ( botswana , rwanda , angola ) are actually developing quite well on their own and have become attractive for foreign capital . 
  on the other hand , investing in congo is enormous hazard . 
  even though most countries adapted industrialised agriculture , their population growth outpaced ( and continues to outpace ) their growth in production in many cases . 
  an example ? 
  egypt used to be an exporter of food since antiquity . 
  with its population growth , it has been dependent on food imports in the last generation and this dependency grows and the population grows . 
  price fluctutations in international food markets have caused riots in egypt already . 
  and the population of egypt is still going to grow for a few decades . 
  another point of view : if i look at , say , subsaharan africa , yeah , they use better technology today than in 1950 , but many of the countries are decidedly less safe . 
  how are going to balance those two developments against each other ? 
  i am pretty sure that singapore is better off than 100 years ago , but south africa is almost certainly worse off . 
   the fact that their low life expectancy and wars wo n't last forever this is a prophecy ( or prediction ) , not a fact . 
  mankind lived in the `` low-expectancy , permanent tribal wars '' conditions for long ages of the world . 
  which is something like `` forever '' from pov of an ordinary human . 
  it is entirely possible that both the low life expectancy and wars in said regions will continue for a very long time , longer than anybody on this subreddit is alive . 
   we 've made loads of progress the real question is : who is `` we '' ? 
  most of the progress only takes place in several limited places of the world . 
  the rest of the world just uses the products of those concentrated innovation hubs . 
  what is going to happen if your prediction comes true and tens of millions really embark on the journey to europe ? 
  such a situation would be beyond any state capacity to police . 
  `` very bad '' = the risk of being born with a serious genetic defect rises by an order of magnitude .
