  i am not saying that we are there , but syria already is , some other arabic countries either are , were or are on the brink ( libya , algeria , iraq , egypt ) . 
  these countries are definitely a memento to us . 
  we must be careful about whom we let in . 
  well , quite a few contemporary muslims are illiterate to begin with . 
  second , the quran is written in ancient arabic , which is not comprehensible even to modern arabs , unless they are educated ( to have some comparison , take a bulgarian text and try reading it as a czech - there are familiar words but meanings of whole sentences will elude you ) . 
  translations do exist , but are n't considerer proper qu ` ran . 
  so yes , a majority of muslims relies on the imams and their sermons to learn what is in the qu ` ran and the individual imam may well decide to put emphasis on one or another particular aspect of that very internally inconsistent book . 
  closing the floodgates does not preclude a trickle . 
  i am myself an international child ( bg x cz ) . 
   also , if you would have written something like that in your initial comment , i think it would have been downvoted pretty fast ... 
  here people are rather open to immigration from slavic countries and the west , because it does not really cause any societal friction . 
  they accept the vietnamese because they proved themselves to be hard workers . 
  but there is a large majority against immigration from mena countries . 
  any `` well managed '' immigration policy would have to mirror those attitudes , in order to enjoy popular support . 
  on the other hand , the `` let no one ever come here '' attitude is very rare . 
  i think that even skinhead gangs mostly disbanded themselves . 
  imagine value a that is on the fringe among europeans . 
  to have some concrete example , a preference to live under theocracy rather democracy , under laws prescribed by a particular god , not by the parliaments . 
  as long as the group a remains numerically weak , its existence does not threaten european way of life . 
  now imagine that in the newcomer community , position a is not fringe , but common ( say , 30 per cent ) . 
  this boosts influence of the idea a , possibly leading to very large societal changes . 
   `` dont let anyone in '' i do not think i said anything like this . 
  in reasonable numbers and well managed , migration can be quite helpful . 
  i love people who make it despite having not-so-great conditions . 
  but we speak of mass movements of people , and in such large numbers , the communities will approximate the cultural/societal structures and problems of their home countries . 
  if those several million people ( not just africans , but also bangladeshis etc. ), 
  who wait on the libyan coast for their boat to europe really manage to get through , the consequences will be really bad . 
  coming from countries with inadequate educational systems , often illiterate , they will not be able to support themselves in a knowledge-based economy and will put yet more strain on the welfare systems and social cohesion of the target countries . 
   yet , those 20-25 % also need to have their voice heard , even if it is an unpleasant one . 
  i do not think that anybody 's voice is unheard . 
  here the media scene is quite liberal , giving voice to everyone who can articulate their thoughts , and sometimes even to those who ca n't . 
  this really is not the problem here . 
  how many of those are shia , ahmadi etc. ? 
  mainstream sunni islam seems to be particularly hostile to integration or assimilation . 
  the heretical sects seem to be doing better . 
   how many migrant children do you actually know first hand ? 
  having gone to school with quite a few , i can say that all of them have respectful jobs today ... our local equivalent of mena migrants is the roma community and of all the roma children i went to school with , precisely one has a respectful job . 
  she is a fine lady with whom i share a major interest ( music ) , but comes from a family that always strove to set itself apart from the roma community , though . 
  no drugs , no crime , hard work . 
  it is quite significant that she wo n't let her own children play with roma children , because she does not want them to catch the bad habits of the community . 
  hardly a typical case . 
  on the other hand , russians , vietnamese , slovaks or serbs are doing just fine in czechia . 
  there is no unified `` migrant '' pot , the cultures are starkly different from one another and this predetermines the results . 
   i remember the exact same `` do n't open floodgates to primitives '' rhetoric being used on czech migrants as would be your fine right . 
  i happen to know that local gangs from czechia are unfortunately terrorizing the entire border zone of saxony , stealing cars and breaking into houses in large numbers . 
  that is something that was n't the case before schengen . 
  the victims would certainly be better off if this particular floodgate were kept shut and germany would go on checking who is entering german territory instead of just letting go of control . 
   maybe because they feel threatened by politics and right wing groups ? 
  if you mean `` threatened '' = `` having lots of disagreeable e-mails and possibly get the public funding struck '' , that is the risk of engaging in controversial activities . 
  let us face it : doing something that the public in 75-80 % strongly disapproves of , carries inherent unpleasantness . 
  i do agree . 
  if the community as a whole , with some exceptions , is willing to integrate into the native society , then they are going to succeed in a generation or two . 
  we have a significant vietnamese community in czechia and the kids all speak flawless czech and usually compete for the most prestigious universities , because both their parents and their peers drive them to achievement . 
  but in cases of most mena communities , the pressure is in the other direction . 
  who `` acts white '' or `` acts infidel '' , is bullied by the peers and , in the most extreme cases , subject to `` honor killing '' by their own relatives . 
  indeed . 
  if school goes against family , family often wins . 
  i read the article . 
  my criticism was not really aimed at the article and the author , but at the groups being quoted . 
  i do not doubt that such groups exist , unfortunately . 
  some people just reflexively cry racism over anything . 
  let us , for a moment , consider newborn children `` blank slates '' . 
  i know they are not ( many aspects of behavior are hereditary ) , but let us say so . 
  even with `` blank slates '' , it takes 15-20 years of schooling and/or cultural immersion to make them `` natives '' ( europeans , japanese , zulu , whatever ) . 
  doing that with adults = no chance . 
  but i disagree about the `` we decided to take europe into '' . 
  this was not sold to the people openly . 
  neither mitterrand , nor tony blair and such campaigned on a `` let us open the floodgates to primitives '' program . 
  this is stealthy work from the backstage . 
  i can see how czech ngos operate . 
  as far as immigration is concerned , they hate sunlight of public attention like vampires . 
  fortunately , local politicians are not yet entirely on the same bandwagon and now know that they must pay attention , too . 
  citation from the article : `` migrants ' rights groups , who say these complaints are motivated by xenophobia towards the district 's itinerant migrant population '' wtf . 
  these people live in a parallel universe . 
  such a divorce from reality can not end well . 
  in my experience , the greens throw around accusations of racism like confetti . 
  i think that `` economic migrants '' mixes unfairly two groups of people : one which seeks to support themselves and their families by working , and the other one whose aim is to collect benefits from the welfare state ( e.g. 
  `` give us our houses and cars !, 
  '' ) , or perhaps not , but whose qualifications are so abysmal that they will never be able to support themselves and their families and end up on permanent welfare themselves , even though their original intent might not have been so malign . 
  i would call the other group simply `` welfare seekers '' . 
  the difference is * crucial * . 
  countries like usa were built by `` economic migrants '' . 
  countries like sweden are going to be driven into bankruptcy and perhaps warfare by `` welfare seekers '' , whose supply from africa / afghanistan / bangladesh exceeds the capabilities of the target countries ' economies to feed them by orders of magnitude . 
  the problem is in artificial acceleration of the continent-wide process , and the weight of the political superstructure in brussels . 
  i believe that even germany and the czech republic , which are not too different culturally , would take at least 100 years of natural-paced convergence to fuse seamlessly in a swiss-like way . 
  hey , even east germany and west germany are going to take decades to fuse , if at all . 
  accelerating this natural process from political will carries multiple risks . 
  it is definitely easier to hold together an union of equals , or almost-equals . 
  within the current eu , the gdp ratio between luxembourg and bulgaria is around 17 to 1 or so ( off the top of my head ) . 
  that is probably because the level of devolution of affairs to the cantons is uniquely high . 
  also , there is not much of a money transfer from the richer cantons to the poorer ones , is there ? 
  usually , the cornerstone of all big federational conflicts is `` we do not want to subsidize the others '' . 
   also , it 's not about whoever is seeing themselves first . 
  it 's about how the republic is seeing its people . 
  surely there must be some level of reciprocity . 
  the question is how high . 
    and do n't bring up foreign context in france please . 
  why ? 
  france is a part of europe and its problems are not unique . 
  it surely pays off to compare .
