  court jesters are n't intended to rule , and i do not think that he ever planned to do so , knowing that he is one . 
  court jesters are meant to shake up the scene , which he did . 
  the italians have been trying to bridge the divide between the north and the south since the 1860s . 
  it does not even seem to be closing . 
  even though they can at least understand each other ( they do not really speak the same language in milan and catania , but mutually intelligible dialects ) . 
  i do n't believe that bulgaria etc. 
  is going to grow anywhere near the west european levels . 
  ( i can speak a bit bulgarian and i know the country . ), 
  the brain drain has been disastrous . 
  the eu cohesion funds are building highways and other infrastructure there , but it does not really compensate for the fact that a large share of the educated young population has left the country . 
  availability of medical care outside the major cities is dropping , because there are n't enough doctors left , etc. 
  this ai n't an easy problem , converging different cultures to a similar level . 
  i am not really sure if it ever worked out before . 
  not on this short timescale . 
  as for tribalism of all sorts , that would be a major discussion and i would love it , but i am currently trying to work at the same time , sorry : -0, 
  one of the problems is that lot of youngsters moved to the west . 
  when i hike around saxony , i see whole villages without children , only people 40 + . 
  these villages are as good as gone . 
  not even the newcomers from the middle east will want to live there , they prefer big cities . 
  the same has happened in bulgaria , where i have family . 
  it lost about 1,5 million people since 1990 as well . 
  empty villages are not that rare in the country . 
  well , that was said by nigel farage , not by the government , or ? 
  i am czech , by the way . 
  our politicians are probably a notch worse than british ones . 
  not sure if your mark rutte is so much better than theresa may . 
  he may be closer to your political views , but i consider them both quite skilled politicians . 
  it is a reason to take their experience seriously , though . 
  as i said , personal experience is different from learning about something in a book . 
  it sticks with you on a more basal level . 
  with the immigration thing , you are actually addressing the fact that the eu grew rather quickly . 
  perhaps too quickly . 
  the eec of the 1970s was much smaller and the differences among the countries were not as pronounced . 
  now you have luxembourg and bulgaria in the same block , whose gdp per capita difference is like what , 17 to 1 ? 
  this triggers side-effects such as massive movements of people from the poorer parts into the richer parts . 
  you can cram only so many people into london . 
  the property prices there are rather horrible . 
  we can actually feel something similar in prague , though not on such a large scale . 
  i suspect that brexit is a huge mirror in which many people see reflected what they want to see reflected . 
  racism , immigration , unaccountable elites , soros , plotting germans , you name it . 
  the thing is , britain in the 1970s was a mess . 
  sick man of europe , economically . 
  there were people back then who predicted that britain was going to sink to a third world status . 
  i think the anti-eu sentiment in britain was constant , but quite low , in the 80s and 90s . 
  it really took off in the last ten years . 
  if i had to guess , the british old timers would still vote for eec today , but they are not happy with the political integration on top of it . 
  i am not fond of the whole `` jobs in politics '' concept . 
  career politicians who have n't done anything except politics their whole life = = modern equivalent of a priestly class of the middle ages . 
  `` old people propose laws or vote for stuff they have no clue about '' this argument can be actually used for young people as well . 
  young people often do have strong opinions , but lack some experience . 
  for example , people who lived to see the oil crisis of 1974 will be probably more careful about the whole `` energy dependence on a single source '' than those who only ever saw relatively affordable energy . 
  personal experience is a strong factor that can not be replicated . 
  one example . 
  i lived through the ( peaceful ) split of czechoslovakia . 
  we avoided any serious conflict , but the feelings thing really got out of hand at some point . 
  that is why i would advise the scots not to break the uk now . 
  they have a choice to break away from a 300-year old union and border the ruk on land , or a 30-year old union with which they do not share a land border . 
  given my czechoslovakia experience , i would definitely prefer the uk staying together . 
  fair enough . 
  that said , the turnout among young voters indicates that they did not care much . 
  has anyone tried to analyze why they did not come ? 
  because low turnout among youthful voters is by no means limited to the brexit referendum . 
  it is being seen overall in europe . 
  i believe that the london goverment promised to review all the eu grants that are going away and substitute them with british grants if they pass some criteria . 
  of course real implementation of such a promise is another thing , but it is not as if the leavers told the whole wales just to suck it up and march on with empty pockets . 
  well , they could rent the space if they wished so . 
  or some private dutch company could . 
  there is no reason why the facility should be owned by the government . 
  i am being sarcastic , but i acknowledge that the current situation is probably the worst possible . 
  neither sovereign states , nor a federation , sitting on a ( barbed ) fence with some aspects being integrated , other not . 
  both the eurofederalists and the euroskeptics hate the current state of things . 
  that said , i believe that it is not possible to integrate the ez further . 
  not `` sustainably '' . 
  the reason why e.g. 
  italy is in such a mess is really cultural . 
  the italians have a very old economic tradition which is well suited for a weak currency . 
  they used to grow quite fine with the lira . 
  but now they use euro , and the old ways of thinking and doing business do not work as well under a harder currency . 
  but the older managers , who are in charge of businesses , can not really be `` reeducated '' in their 50s to think like germans . 
  not on this country-wide scale . 
  well , the polish pis is kinda like this . 
  it is not pro-eu per se , but very much pro-eu-subventions . 
  will they let themselves be cannibalized ? 
  it is too late for this election anyway , the candidates are in . 
  and many of them are really unknown people . 
  given the amount of blank ballots in the 2nd round , plenty of people are unhappy with the whole macron/lepen choice and wo n't vote for en marche in the parliamentary election , where the menu is bigger . 
  scots are probably equally uneducated about the eu , and voted 64 % remain . 
  these decisions are n't really about education per se , more about feelings + balance of losses and gains . 
  the educated class in europe has profited from the eu , that 's why it supports it : grants , erasmus program etc. 
  if the eu one day starts some kind of budget austerity that touches the universities , you will see a growth of reactive euroskepticism in the educated class as well . 
  i would like to comment on one aspect of brexit that rarely gets discussed . 
  plenty of people comment bitterly on the fact , that the age bracket 65 + brought brexit on britain . 
  indeed , in that age bracket , about 3/4 of the voters voted leave . 
  but these are literally the same people who voted `` in '' in the first british eec referendum in 1975 , which turned 3/4 in favour . 
  literally the same people , only with 40 years of further experience on their belts . 
  surely such a huge flip from pro-ecc to anti-eu position should be studied seriously , and not waved away like `` oh , those are redneck uneducated bigots '' . 
  it is as if top-down integration of very different economic systems had some negative consequences , or so . 
  the answer : integrate them some more !, 
  what is not cyclical , is the employment market , though . 
  there are now many more nonworking people in germany , austria etc - either pensioners , or underqualified migrants from the third world , who have hard time finding jobs .
