as with every media in germany , it is dubbed , no matter how horrible the dub is . 
  vod = video on demand , e.g. 
  youtube . 
  well i use netflix uk via vpn , but i do n't watch hulu anymore , it has far too many ads . 
  since a couple months we also have netflix legally in germany , my parents are binge watching just about everything currently . 
  actually , my traffic consists mostly of vod , streaming and the occasionally steam game . 
  just checked my monthly traffic and 0.49 $ per gb would be nearly as much as my rent ... 
  i thought it was a result of steel and coal industry , but damn it , your reason is just as valid . 
  that actually was a thing ( in germany ) some decades ago , but the eu has new laws similiar to the us ones . 
  at least thats what my statistics prof said some weeks ago in a lecture . 
  but he also said life expectancy statistics are to be taken with a grain of salt anyways . 
  edit : a problem of life expectancy statistics are , that they only consider deaths and not the living . 
  a good example was a `` shocking '' statistic in the 90s , where the most dangerous job with the lowest life expectancy was a bundesliga football player with something just over 60 years . 
  obviously the bundesliga was founded in the 50s and most of the players in the statistics did die an early , unnatural death . 
  the life expectancy in nowadays statistics of the eu are still about people who grew up in ww2 . 
  i think you thougt of a different country . 
  in the world that includes europe , at least in germany our supermarkets are stocked with seasonal vegetables , milk , eggs and meat mostly from local suppliers since transport costs are relatively high . 
  regarding the animals , they may not have radiation sickness , but they certainly suffer from cellular damage leading to cancer , stillbirth etc. 
  sadly radiation does not kill quickly , but slowly and painfully . 
  however , if lucky , an organism might not take any lasting damage if exposed to radiation . 
  but statistically you do n't want to come in contact with high doses of radiation and the nature of half-life will keep it that way for a rather long time . 
  while the radiation wo n't affect humans in the area too much . 
  living normally includes eating and drinking , which is preferably done with local water and food and it will take hundreds , if not thousands of years untill the ground and water are no longer contaminated , making it economically unsuitable for human inhabitation . 
  like other european politicans they ignore it and hope the next generations will figure out how to safely store it for thousands of years . 
  edit : rather interesting how i get downvoted for simply stating a fact . 
  actually my brother worked for a german building company which built german nuclear power plants in other eu countries and if french power plants are so reliable i would still prefer if they were not located directly at our border . 
  a meltdown in modern nuclear power plants is very unlikely but not impossible , exterior forces or improper maintenance can still lead to a meltdown . 
  the problem is that most of our power plants are getting old and replacing them is not possible since there will always be local opposition to any building plans . 
  i myself lived with beautiful view of two cooling towers from my living room for over 10 years and can totally understand people not wanting a new power plant near their city . 
  that is not even considering the problems storing nuclear waste safely for thousands of years . 
  yeah , that works really well . 
  the totally good french-german friendship benefits greatly of the nice looking nuclear power plants near our border . 
  well actually , with all the pointless hate between our nations a couple power plants wo n't even make it worse . 
  at least as long as they do n't blow up . 
  as well as a lot of other german cities . 
  it 's missing the whole rhein-ruhr area . 
  a quick search showed this [ map ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/5/5c/oepnvsystemedeutschland.png/640px-oepnvsystemedeutschland.png ) displaying all german cities/areas with tram transport . 
  sorry , i should have phrased that better . 
  what i found interesting was indeed learning to categorize everything in two genders without having the `` das '' for when neither male nor female sounds correct . 
  i would n't want to learn german as a secondary language , it just has too many unnecessary rules , especially for written german . 
  you should try spanish , i really loved learning what gender everything has . 
  if you want to sound more german you should curse more faecal we like to add a bit of shit to emphasize that we are really angry and not just average . 
  * cerca de la estaci\u00f3n . 
  * that simple sentence took me a lot longer than i 'd liked it to and is the closest i can describe it with my very limited vocabulary . 
  yes and yes , especially since most online distribution platforms do n't offer the download of a lossless audio codec . 
  no one wants to change a physical cd just to listen to another song though , that 's what the flac codec is for . 
  and since brits have no real use for the learned language , since most people speak english anyway , they forget most of what they have learned . 
  i had 9 years of english in school and 3 years spanish and while i kept using and improving on my english skills i never came in a situation where i would need spanish and now i can barely manage to scrap together a couple of phrases . 
  i believe that politically it 's best to simply stick to the plan and to not give in to threats and vandalism . 
  people doing arson and vandalism mostly want attention and they are already getting plenty in the media . 
  just keep rebuilding and take measures to prevent such attacks until the extremists get caught or bored . 
  reacting aggressively will just provoke them more and they might resort to more extreme actions . 
  it certainly fuels the right wing extremists cause , quite literally with arsonists burning down refugee housing . 
  roughly translated the text says : this much asylum seekers are taken in by eu states - per 10k population and in total . 
  the blue circles show how many refugees each country would have to take if a fair distribution basis would be used . 
  germany is highly in debt as well , we would probably even profit from a eu wide debt distribution . 
  i 'm pretty sure that 's the sign for a pedestrian crossing . 
  while aldi is one of the biggest global retail chains it has no stores in russia . 
  well the world population is still growing and if everyone had the living standards of the eu we would need more than one earth for food and water supplies . 
  still sucks for the elderly people since less young workforce means less pension as well . 
  all in all a loss/loss situation . 
  edit : jeez people i do n't mean drinking water for actual drinking it but for showering 30 minutes a day , growing food , washing clothes etc. 
  i 'm pretty damn sure if all ~ 8 billion people would be as wasteful with their water as e.g. 
  germans are , we do n't have enough . 
  if you need scientific proof for something that obvious i ca n't help . 
  except that nobody really cared about the swine flu ( except the media ) and therefore the statistics are bound to be wrong . 
  i , like most members of my family , was down for about 2 weeks with a heavy flu . 
  we were never tested on it either , since it was too bloody expensive and did n't change anything anyway . 
  no matter what kind of flu virus it was , the cure to all was just sick leave and bed time . 
  however , if a deadly virus will hit europe nowadays i 'm pretty sure we are fucked in central europe . 
  rats do n't care much about quality food . 
  it 's probably more about food that was easily accessible for rats . 
  just my interpretation of the quote though . 
  are you sure about that ? 
  i remember rats being omnivores . 
  if anything it 's more about food storage , since it 's a lot easier for rats to access a grain silo instead of e.g. 
  busy fish markets . 
  / u/heshvoby pointed out he is the polish minister of defence . 
  if he is saying how good the polish army is prepared if it came to war , it might actually make quite the horror story . 
  with the state the bundeswehr is in i hope he is just as bright when it comes to his job than he is in this gif . 
  this gif speaks volumes about what 's wrong with politicians . 
  that 's surprisingly cheap , i always thought that berlin has become a lot more expensive nowadays . 
  10 $ per m \u00b2 is what you pay in some decent towns or smaller cities . 
  well rents in berlin are highly dependant on the location of the apartment . 
  300 $ would be cheap even for most small cities in germany . 
  still not as bad as rents in london , you would be lucky finding 3m \u00b2 for just 300 $ . 
  thanks , that was what i was looking for . 
  phrases are not my strong point . 
  i find it rather confusing how some work perfectly if translated word by word . 
  some might sound right , but are a bit off and others do n't make sense at all . 
  the trick is simply that we are usually , or at least try to be , well prepared for most disasters . 
  german companies often send their employees to seminars , so they can improve their skills and cover deficits that might cause problems later on . 
  me too , i would really like a better relationship between france and germany , especially since we are neighbours . 
  it 's just really hard to break free from hundreds of years of hate . 
  yet i 'm personally unable to get myself to like frenchmen , since they ~ ~ just keep up their ~ ~ live up to their stereotype . 
  at uni i regularly encounter french exchange students and it 's always the same sad story , they come with their bad foreign language skills , actually try to improve them for maybe 2 weeks and then they just group up and spent 6 to 12 months at a german university only speaking french . 
  exchange students from other countries usually integrate quite well and quickly since they generally speak at least decent english and improve their german/english skills over their stay . 
  ~ ~ edit : `` keep up their stereotype '' < - is that actually a thing ? 
  now that i read it , this phrase sounds quite weird . ~ ~ edit2 : thanks / u/thehonourablejojo, 
  interesting that this is still true today .
