   if you fear highhandedness from your wives , remind them [ of the teaching of god ] , then ignore them when you go to bed , ** then hit them ** . 
  not to mention that men controls all and any aspects of wife 's life , job , travel , kids , sometimes life . 
  `` illegal and illegitimate annexation of crimea '' if it 's illegal , was there a court and ruling ? 
  if not , this have as much weight as `` healthy '' on milk pack . 
  you do n't say ... 
  it is why afd have said that islam is not compatible with german constitution , they have their own laws that are against laws of many if not all democratic countries . 
  well , facebook had update and had to use this popup . 
  i 've read what they were tracking and holy smokes , i 've closed page and have n't opened it since then, 
  make sure to run silver wire from hat to foot for grounding !, 
  theoretical degree in analytical finance for only $ 20,544, 
  i heard only about one official , and from least supported party at that . 
  there 's always `` this guy in parlament '', 
  and to have a legal ground to sue shit out of those who abuse this technology, 
  there are lots of cookies that are exempt from this law : http://ec.europa.eu/ipg/basics/legal/cookies/index_en.htm#section_2 it 's a sign that websites are using cookies for user tracking , or pushing it regardless for everyone while they should n't be, 
  logistics makes sense as there 's no secure land route , though bare minimum they need is lithuania ( they can use belarus for transit ) , maximum lithuania and latvia . 
  but all of that will be absolutely pointless because if russia will annex any eu country , then exit from baltic sea will be closed for russia forever . 
  maybe even from black sea too if nato will push turkey to do so . 
  it does n't worth a trouble still ... 
  russia already have military base in kaliningrad , and now baltic 's have real nato bases . 
  was n't navy base in crimea one of main reasons for annexation ? 
  if so , there 's barely any reason for russia to even look in direction of baltic at all , it just does n't worth the trouble . 
  well , i 'm confused then , why would russia be coming to latvia or baltics ? 
  riga sprats , that 's what russia is after , is n't it ? 
  russians surely want to come back for some sprats and to rebuild factories and farms closed since 1991 , maybe they 'll be really kind to take over their dept * again *, 
  that would actually be sign of oppressive regime and not democratic . 
  vote of n where n-1 are bullies and 1 is trying to run away from abuse is not democracy . 
  would you also say that people of current russia do n't have a right of self-determination and should n't have ability to split from it ? 
  that 's new . 
  how is it related to kreml ? 
  do you get paid to spread washington propaganda ? 
  or working for free after some power washing ? 
  seems like , people do n't have a say on their future in democratic countries, 
  it 's not really democratic to block people to choose to secede or recede , eu nations have that option available after all . 
  but that would be anti-democratic on same level as preventing scotland or bayern to leave/stay after referendum, 
  they did n't even want to go to palestine when they were given that option, 
  i 'm not sure russia would need eu if they would get to described point, 
  this makes much more sense , thanks !, 
  sadly this was practically the only reason it was held and vigorly protected =\\ because [ previous one ] ( https://translate.google.com/translate?sl=auto&amp;tl=en&amp;js=y&amp;prev=_t&amp;hl=en&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fru.tsn.ua%2fkyiv%2fvozroslo-kolichestvo-postradavshih-milicionerov-vo-vremya-stolknoveniy-na-gey-parade-v-kieve-431397.html&amp;edit-text= ) had gone far worse, 
  holy smokes , how can they talk about precision where numbers are so much greater than 0 ? 
  how are they going to charge country if even police ca n't get other countries for diplomat vehicles parking or speeding tickets ? 
  i would vote her party out on first possible chance for support of this ridiculous deal , handling of asylum crisis andtheir multi-kulty & g\u00e4starbeiter failure ... 
  lithuania is quite ignorant , people around the world had learned from chernobyl , especially soviet union contries , they would not let such disaster happen again ever . 
  that 's how ww1 started, 
  i think they are above north korea considering that they 're also main sponsor of all terrorist groups in middle east ... 
  how is video of stage-scared kid related to that article ? 
   as for germany , it does not even have weekly working time limits . 
  which is not true , work day is limited to 10 work hours , and maximum limit for working hours per week of 48 hours must be complied with for the average over 6 months . 
  they look different from turks i see in germany , much better =\\, 
  in germany you would need to renounce from any and all other citizenships , consider permanent residency , not that much of difference . 
  please do not combine ww2 and cold war . 
  cold war was a result of disagreement between four occupation powers , and all sides are equally responsible for it . 
  well things would probably change , they 'll end up with more security or maybe even * somewhere else *, 
  me and my brother gifted my father android watch for his birthday , parents gifted me android tablet , we tend buy stuff of photo ourselves as we know better what will fit our own house visually, 
  you are free to correct my misconceptions in constructive form . 
  note that i work for us based company and their diversity policies are ridiculous and in some places illegal in germany, 
  divided by great spans of empty lands to point where public transport is more expensive to build and maintain then personal cars . 
  well , and gun ownership probably have played it 's role too, 
  small steps , europe is still not united , it will take generations to achieve true unity . 
  communists wanted it too , ended poorly on execution . 
  we can at least learn from su and germany that integrating other cultures together does n't work well because no one want 's to renounce their culture . 
  wow , so much light pollution and wasted electricity, 
   a topic that is completely uncontroversial among german mps -- at the cost of antagonising turkey , a crucial partner in managing the refugee crisis turkey is not a partner in refugee crisis , they 're partially responsible for it due to uncontrolled migration through their country and now somehow forced eu into one-sided agreement where they threaten to allow temporarily held refugees to go on to europe if eu will not grant them visa-free travel . 
  great tactics , create problem , ask for reward to fix it , eu should have sealed borders by turkey instead and pause most agreements until problem is fixed . 
  well , europe is either united and this may even strengthen this unity even further , or it 's barely united and external forces can shred this unity to peaces ... 
  it is valid for many houses due to good thermal isolation , especially if it have basement . 
  close windows and doors before it will reach 20c outside , opening windows will not help anyway, 
  as i know yota is not state corporation , at least does n't look like one . 
  they 've started as lte isp is i 'm not mistaken, 
  their yotaphone though is surprisingly good idea , sadly though they are not upgrading to android 6.0 which is no go for me =\\, 
  i can bear down to -30 c , but anything higher then 27c , bury me , it 's colder in the ground ... 
  there 's a big difference between coder and developer , this program will output coders . 
  they might have high output , but quality will be highly questionable ... 
  ah , that explains it all , thanks !, 
   sponsoring insurgencies and outright invasions but but , al-qaeda , invasion of panama !, 
  russia is looking up at best country in the world and learning !, 
  please ask zeus to consider better targets !, 
  ard zdf/gema hq would be nice example of such, 
  and make it retroactive, 
  and there would be no capacities to start a dark-tube =\\, 
  they have n't really said anything new , 9n314m warhead was mentioned in october report , which could be used by both sides ... 
  gema would be like , meh , because they are not blocking anything themselves =\\, 
  they were going for fishing , his friend boris told him it 's good and fun soviet tradition to fish with explosives !, 
  and when not , they get executed after deportation, 
  weird , how come law about king is still there after revolution ? 
  more like eu have been building in projects in active war zone ? 
  so it will also boost small businesses , many of them right now die out due to high vulnerability at start if they do n't get income right way, 
  they 're * already * paying for it . 
  i do support that my taxes will be going to citizens for overall better well-being of my state . 
  that undisputable , though having a bit of time to find better place would had been nice . 
  that 's exactly the problem , you probably think that most people are the way you described them , but in reality it 's only small percentage of total population , people are interested in certain professions . 
  i 've even seen those who are perfectly okay working as garbage collectors , chimney sweepers , mailman 's and so on . 
  well , than i 'm an abomination of human kind , ca n't sit without a work . 
  60 + hours per which period ? 
  month or week ? 
  while on benefits , people tend to work unofficially 2 . 
  some people choose not to work due to salary gap , job might provide less income then you need for rent and living, 
  i 've applied to first matching job as soon as i could for that reason . 
  it depends on jobberater , but some of them treat you like dirt regardless of your job experience . 
  `` oh , i know that you 're it specialist , worked at siemens , but maybe you can go and work for euro-per-hour at cheap grocery store ? '', 
  if it will get more people working , then more taxes in average will be paid then with current benefits system .
