  i 'm pretty sure drop of vodka is considered a lot in russia , some might even grieve over it . 
   www.change.org he-he-he , oh deer lord , good luck making official petition from that xd why not https://epetitionen.bundestag.de ? 
  it would have more legal weight than anything on www.change.org . 
  should 've used www.roi.ru, 
  yet , only 46 % said no . 
  how come 54 %  forty-six percent of russians distrust the police , according to a new study by the state-run vtsiom pollster . 
  became 14 % ? 
  that is one of reasons it 's successful though xd, 
  people with guns kill other people , and it 's terrible , army still have guns , population still have guns . 
  exceptions do n't and should n't critically affect decisions especially , people should learn from others mistakes and make better judgment . 
  no , just like switzerland makes referendums , you actually have to explain some things to population :3, 
  let then have it , there 's nothing to be scared about if nothing is wrong with it , right ? 
  there have to be a good reason for him declaring that he 's british citizen , what 's the deal ? 
  but is n't it an advantage to have already built manufacturing facilities with contracts and guaranteed turnover for at least several years to find new economical opportunities ? 
  i thought gas transition was a form of undisputed benefit due to geographical location , backed with low prices guaranteed for right for russia to have military base in crimea , which also provided stable income . 
  european is not an ethnicity , it 's culture . 
  and quite some immigrants do n't want to culturally assimilate themselves to european domestic values . 
  judged not by their their looks , but by their deeds . 
  i like it here , reddit is for discussions after all, 
  uefa top managers were involved ? 
  or bankers ? 
  it does n't now , * guess why ? 
  russia had this problem for long time if i recall , i guess they 've finally decided to strike back, 
  north korea is believed to be origin of unicorns . 
  even if not , they would have awesome and most advanced civil services, 
  two dots that that you can connect are not always on same plane, 
  are you absolutely sure ? 
  people are posting links to various credible and not-so-credible sources , and this is exactly about such cases , any news article can be using this technique unknowingly as part of government propaganda . 
  not explicitly related to europe , but ultimately related to our perception of everything that is happening here . 
  stay vigilant !, 
  it 's other way around in switzerland , works perfectly fine for them, 
  school is legally responsible for school children while they are in school building in most if not all countries , conclusion from this is quite obvious, 
  yeah , police response time and quantity was really great !, 
  the only problem was policemen with weapon and without visual authentication , who were considered as hostile by public and thus resulted in confusions all over the place . 
   what is the legal basis for non-german police to act within germany ? 
  i presume it works just like with bundespolizei , they are not allowed to operate in any land unless requested/allowed . 
  hunting and sport shooting is relatively popular in germany especially bayern . 
  and by sport i also meant start pistol . 
  the moment when you see that topics of citizens well-being are used in politics play , sometimes you think that barely anyone of them cares about topic itself and the only thing they need is attention and power . 
  well , not all parts of uniform have to be changed daily , for example you do n't need more than pair of pants/skirt , vest/jacket , only whatever is in close contact with upper-body . 
   are they paid for by the state or do the parents have to buy them ? 
  and this is the most important question in this , it 's either have to cost as much as it cost to make it , without markup , or it have to be at least partially being paid by state and additional to payment for kids ( kindergeld in germany for example ), 
  i have shirts for every day of week and just wash them all every weekend . 
  my work does n't have dress code , but i like it this way and it is not more expensive, 
  all decommissioned , collectors , sport , and we will have not much improved situation , but severally trimmed hobby , collectors and boring sport . 
  that 's actually good joke , do n't know why i like it , but i 'm definitely saving it xd, 
  [ yeap ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4ucnhr/munich_shooter_had_ordered_gun_off_the_dark_net/ ), 
  have n't seen anyone calling iran on that , but then , i do n't really read popular media either . 
  were there accusations of any sort ? 
  two sides of same coin , one made a dirty move , other done the same , and in a blink of an eye , both sides are doing questionable doings all over the planet non-stop . 
  both are equally at fault , one for doing first move , other for doing their follow-up move and both for not just stopping there . 
  i 've looked this video over and can confirm that there 's no area like this within olympia einkaufzentrum , there 's practically only one place which have stairs , and it 's accompanied with escalators and have fountain at the end . 
  footage is not related . 
  i can confirm that this is mcdonalds on the other side of road from olympia-einkaufzentrum, 
  helicopter doing circles around there , do n't know of which service , can only hear it . 
  all kinds of police forces going there even now , seen cars of land police , bundes police , criminal police, 
  there is n't that many of them , this one is right over u-bahn station and there 's also a quite used bus stop there too , it 's no not a bus hub though . 
  i would say there would be at very least up to 200 people there , and weather is really warm and sunny today ( especially after yesterdays hailstorm ) , though it 's back to cloudy right now . 
  do n't visit it often as it 's not on my way , though was there just yesterday as this same time ... 
  yeap , trump is clearly putin 's buddy, 
   australia ranks second-best in the world for quality of life , un study says i presume it may be true if you exclude concentration camps for natives . 
  just like human rights in saudi arabia if you exclude non-natives and women, 
  survived whiterussia , russia , died in ukraine ... 
  need more fire on top of buildings , for looks , of course , yeap . 
  oh , okay , i head confusion and re-read that section few times and failed to see exact meaning . 
  communes are those who will be affected first , makes sense, 
  ouch , among many things , usage of academic title without authorization , in germany it 's punishable by stgb \u00a7 132a , pretty sure other countries have same laws . 
  oh wow , sometimes this kind of actions should be considered inline with treason . 
  also this falls under eu anti-discrimination law where it is illegal to discriminate against someone because of their racial and ethnic origin , swedes in this case . 
  so more in line with , being overweight and wearing tracksuit pants on top of that ? 
  it 's not that easy to get job in siemens even for germans themselves , expecting them to employ refugees with questionably education or background is . . well , no comments is required there ... * let 's employ them in sparkasse !, 
  which also happened to be one of most stable countries in europe , so not a bad sign . 
  interesting though that it seems that commission is extremely flexible in decision making , which is double-edged sword , it can be beneficial for those who may lack in one areas but be extremely good in others , and bad as it can be biased . 
   in a comparatively stricter ruling , a family from kosovo was denied citizenship because they wore tracksuit pants around town . 
  i personally would have felt better if people who are wearing those or joga pants in public would have been fined , but then , i like simple yet classic vest suit myself everywhere . 
  should have charged every pilot who happened to illegally enter greece air-space few hundred times per year . 
  well yeah , between two even equal applicants , making a choice in favor of refugee only because he 's a refugee will be a discrimination which is illegal in germany and european union in general . 
  and employing someone without european education can turn into a russian roulette game . 
  though at least in favor of people with unknown education or professional background , you can just end the contract before the end of probation period . 
  many countries did shot down civilian airplanes , and barely anything had been done to them . 
  not to say nothing should be done , but not more then to others just because . 
  yeah , why would they wash streets when it 's most convenient because you do n't need to wet them beforehand ? 
  okay , that 's actually quite closely reflects my personal views, 
  probably on same level as the eye of providence in every triangle, 
  what are numbers if we exclude corporations paying taxes in ireland while operating in other eu countries ? 
   a sexual morality which holds that women must cover themselves when they leave their homes , because men are horny beasts who wo n't be able to control themselves otherwise . 
  * but-but we 've seen clearly that they ca n't keep their hands by themselves !, 
  cologne atrocities show that clearly !, 
  not related to war in any way , there have been a lot of germans who have been killed or prosecuted for political or other reasons . 
  politischer h\u00e4ftlings are up to 3 generations by law , so yeah , they are eligible . 
  there are descendants who are still displaced around the world, 
  probably because reparations have been paid, 
  and support of nations with even more serious human rights abuses, 
  and still nothing for non-jew victims of nazi regime from 1933 who lived in germany, 
  it would never be a policeman who will be guarding embassies . 
  fsb have wide variety of tasks including even border control . 
  true 7-10c , then the only justification it leaves is disembarking right by entrance , but that 's quite borderline . 
  i can understand to be overprotective , but then , if so , it have backfired , though if it was psychopath , would he be to blame as result of inaction ? 
  though important question is , documents are checked before building by policeman or inside behind doors by embassy employees ? 
   the police officer had wanted to check the man 's documents to establish he was not a threat to embassy security door does n't seems to be even lockable , so most probably any first checks are done inside .
