  it 's still a direct supply of terrorist organisation with weapons , one of worst type of imaginable support . 
  though it 's not exactly clear what `` die raketen '' they are talking about , it 's hinted by reporters it 's tows, 
  they were actually flying over rebel region , which is also a question on why they were still flying there if it 's an active combat area ... 
  there were theories that it 's due to combat planes that used to fly under/over/behind passenger planes, 
  it have survived in country defeated in world war , i 'm pretty sure they 'll survive just fine . 
  even if west will stop selling weapons to saudi , they still buy weapons from everyone else regardless . 
  it have to be total ban from everyone . 
  oh , okay , yeah quite possible , especially in corrupted countries i presume , though it 's not great even in germany ... 
  you clearly misunderstood my comment . 
  what i 'm saying is that some people think that they are more rightful than others due to wealth or connections or other commodities . 
  though unfortunately these people often happened to be in government and it leaves them `` protected '' . 
  well , from perspective of some people , they are human and rights apply to them , others are inhuman and they do n't need these rights . 
  `` we do n't have any evidence , but they certainly did '', 
  correct title would have been `` anti-trump campaigners tear down cardboard wall in front of us embassy in berlin '', 
  you mean when us stored missiles in turkey ? 
  queen and lords would be pleased, 
  capacity ! = willingness, 
  so , is she after  world is her husband , her family , her children , and her home ? 
  no there , you make pussies look bad in comparison, 
  it actually does n't mater , one have to be persistent in their decision-making unless they admit they were wrong , pointing at others and then doing the same is worst they can do , this goes both sides . 
  putin expose himself with this , but as he ca n't `` fall '' any further , it wo n't affect him much , while it can have a hit at the west . 
  were they not building anything until 1970s ? 
  question though is whether this difference is due to renovation or destruction, 
  allies surely razed west germany, 
  thanks for link , good read . 
  yeah , that is something that i 'm not sure could be regulated in any way . 
  i hope more people would be able to recognize such cases and try to fix it in their companies one way or the other, 
  employer ca n't shift their part of tax to employee , they would be paying same amount regardless . 
  employer though should always calculate their salary with taxes included . 
  not everyone can do that though ... 
  er , person aka citizen is paying income tax for protection , services , education , insurance e.t.c - it 's clear here , you yourself negotiate your income and you know how much of it will go into taxes . 
  employees are paying income tax , there 's no way around it , everyone is paying it now ( at least these who legally work ) and nothing would change if this change would be done , it 's completely different taxation area . 
   schaeuble also said he was sure lawmakers would support the commission 's plans to introduce tougher legislation on value added tax fraud committed by organized crime networks . 
  i wonder if he 's hinting at wider meaning within this sentence :3, 
  though on can replace `` russia '' with `` usa '' and have mostly accurate result too . 
  unless we put them in camps in germany , there are some leftovers from ww2 , we probably can use them , they 've been kept in good condition, 
  i would hope so , not obeying simple agreements - not refugee, 
  does n't change the fact that territory is not usable and maintenance of remaining debris is required still . 
  also anyone who will acquire ukraine , will also acquire all debts and problems, 
  uh , i doubt anyone wants it now ... chernobyl alone is big waste of space and finances, 
  at least russia will be using nuclear weapon in europe only when there is no way back , otherwise they would be living in their own radioactive clouds, 
  2 packs and 2 bottles ( considering 1.5 l ) . 
  please leave assumptions behind or never use `` everyone '' , because you most probably will be utterly wrong . 
  no person i know have required amount of water at home . 
  2 packs is still not enough if it will become mandatory . 
  and you still have to store it , and no everyone chucks water daily , i personally do n't drink any at plain water at home and do n't have any stored and do n't have any place to store it . 
  if it 's state obligation , then state have to make sure people are able to a ) acquire it , b ) store it . 
  while a is present , b is not yet as there 's no laws obligating landlords to have enough storage area for each flat . 
  or state would be paying for this rented storage :3, 
  that 's a cognitive dissonance a lot of people in europe have , because that is what clash of two completely different cultures looks like . 
  culture shock, 
  would n't that make them religious offenders to some degree ? 
  not being modest by their own rules ? 
  i 'm not religious person , why should i destroy churches ? 
  they have n't done anything bad to community of people who goes there , church is not oppressing them in any way as i 'm aware . 
  banning clothing is quite silly , i would completely ban religious activities that result in any type of punishment . 
  actually , it 's not banned because it already is a punishable criminal offence !, 
  being nun is voluntary - they can quit any time , islam is not , leaving islam can be punished by death in countries with sharia , even if it 's rare , it 's still there . 
  in other places it 's punished by other means , indefinite imprisonment for example . 
  there 's practically no need to integrate nuns because they 've have n't left culture or society , they still under same civil laws as everybody else, 
  the fact that it 's required by their society religion ? 
  and not following this will result in punishment, 
  nun is member of religious community , usually under vow , they have chosen this type of life , it was n't forced on them by society of or oppressive religiouse regime, 
  nun ! = all christian women, 
   thanks for digging up a new train tunnel !, 
  and us after 11/9, 
  why not if it 's practically the same and is just not done efficiently from execution side of things ? 
  having centralized party voting could have made things a bit easier . 
  vote as party , similar principle is in germany on all levels, 
  you mentioned automated systems and in next sentence said that amazon - * global leader in warehouse automation * , is having adequate starter salary, 
  the other view : not paying enough and then complaining - your own fucking fault , stop whining while you yourself have n't done enough even for people of your own nation, 
  i though people who cheated were not participating at rio olympic games, 
  hm , yeah true , news article is about two topics that you can connect , but it would not make much sense, 
  unhealthy vs inadequate nutrition are different things , but yeah , parenting means responsibility , if you do n't want responsibility , do n't start a family ... 
  yeah , one have to consult with specialist to make list of products to compensate the change , if one have n't done so and damage was done , well , jail time !, 
  okay , if we follow same logic : 1 . 
  usa is spying at practically everybody practically everywhere . 
  usa is directly supporting saudi arabia and questionably military organisations , previously including al-qaeda . 
  sooo , make suggestions over this, 
  not to mention outsourcing lots of jobs even inside their own offices to other companies even if it not always makes sense . 
  misused word , does n't change anything in statement in context of sentence, 
  it was not a complain in any way , state of fact ... 
  i like none of listed , except for some rock music , though still prefer instrumental classics . 
  ozzy osbourne is cool though, 
  that 's exactly what he 's comparing it with ... 
  you 're missing that it 's not complete comparison from his side . 
  it 's partial in results and some methods . 
  i personally do n't see anything wrong in comparing whatever happening in turkey with events of years 1928-33 in wiemar republic . 
  people have to remember and being reminded of history to prevent similar atrocities happening again and again . 
  yeah , well , [ europe continent ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/europe ) ends at ural mountains deep within russian territory, 
  you 've got wrong book there pal , russia is eurasian, 
  that is certainly a benefit yeah , knowing how os works and basic knowledge of assembler and good knowledge several computer languages had made life/work much more interesting and easier in many instances xd i miss times when you could get demo version of game before buying it , though youtube now provides at least okayish review of gameplay, 
  that 's one of business models small developers on steam use , even small discount often increase sales significantly, 
  you make it sound like russian elections where they 've got 146 % turnout, 
  my parent 's basement in berlin have been recently broken in , police ca n't do much understandably . 
  does n't sit well , but in general i do have trust in police , especially as i 'm in m\u00fcnchen and live within 2km from olympia ez where was recent shooting , police reaction time was excellent in that case . 
  and whenever i called police over brawls in bar on first floor of my house , they always came within few minutes on two cars . 
  ouch ... my sincere condolence for people of romania over this . 
  us have made a better system , it 's called lobbying for money, 
  romania gone love $ 60 steam games,
