  you might be an individual on facebook , but when your content reaches millions of people , you ca n't ignore fact that you 're as vocal as media company at this point, 
  i personally find facebook terrible and i watch tv more frequently than visit facebook . 
  and i watch tv around once per month, 
  munich is relatively small , but it 's bound to regions around it as lots of people are living here while working in munich and commuting daily . 
  and this is a case for other cities as well, 
  idiots , it 's still a tool , just use it as additional flag over origin suspicion, 
  there are still limits on spending regardless of qualification . 
  $ 210m - 7,000 - world health organization - $ 30k per worker per year $ 42m - 37,000 - doctors without borders - $ 1.13 k per worker per year that is travel costs alone . 
  we can clearly see that doctors without borders actually have some kind of borders , 
  so , it 's just `` an elite club '', 
  and survival can promote violence, 
  why are they writing every word except for `` for '' with capital letter ? 
  i actually learned that his name sounds differently , it 's closer to pyotr or p\u00f6tr . 
  one of case `` lost in transliteration '', 
  we love bagels , we have whole industry around bagels / s, 
  fellowship of burglars ? 
  eh , https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zvpufmwm73y, 
  is n't it `` 480 tax-funded days to share between a couple '' ? 
  it does n't say gender or role in there, 
  exactly this is disgrace , not to mention breaking multiple severe laws . 
  this is disgrace . 
  well - second , and when you do n't comply - first, 
  books are still a thing , though i expect that a lot of people are reading books from either tablets ( which are banned too ) or from kindlelike devices , which too are not guaranteed to be not considered as tablets . 
  at least you can bring a calculator , right ? 
  that 's interesting situation . 
  is this act of defense ? 
  not sure , can they be warned and then shot down if not complaint ? 
  not sure either . 
  will it trigger nato defense ? 
  probably not , they are members after all ... 
  turkey have shot russian plane for less , that could have started third world war . 
  this ? 
  wo n't start anything new, 
  what 's up in bohemia ? 
  there 's a patch , it 's about a month old , and for some reason it was n't much easier for people/organisations to update their systems ... 
  switching to linux or other os types will not change this specific problem, 
  where the hell have they hidden 20 people ? 
  in their skirts ? 
  border control -  no visa , no entry what they hell border control have been doing ? 
  it 's never a problem though to get visa for employee of foreign origin ... 
  it 's not that bad , at least around m\u00fcnchen . 
  gradually providers upgrade infrastructure to fiber-optics , i 've recently viewed single-standing house in ampfing , and it had fiber in basement already , they had upgrade planned since 2014, 
  walked by that building once , it look really odd and quite out of place . 
  museum f\u00fcr kommunikation is in next block from it, 
  it 's always easier to blame what 's on light , rather then say , trade of oil between us and germany till about year 1942, 
  germany have been doing that with eastern europe for a long time , and it was n't pretty , far from it, 
  that is not that rare , `` to see the elders '' is quite common worldwide, 
  problem is that we ca n't really not buy oil . 
  it 's used not only for petrol . 
  it can get very expensive very quickly if there 's less diversity . 
  also 1973 oil crisis, 
  i do n't think their roads are that bad so that they have to use 1m wide tracks [ for some reason uk version does n't have photos of hardware in question ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/us-wwii-anniversary-russia-parade-iduskbn1850xo ), 
  they could be from less educated country less involved with war, 
  i personally think that biggest problem of all communist states have been that they have often been forcibly isolated from west one way or the other ... 
  berlin ? 
  it 's actually called revolution , after it taking from other have nothing with communism, 
  by reading title only and percepting everything in direct meaning , i conclude that it would be an assault and is considered as criminal offense in many countries, 
   unit of resistance, 
  problem for me is that i ca n't find a single piece of reliable evidence from any of sources . 
  why does it look like a fake news whichever article i read ? 
  fact that all of information comes from us sponsored organisations just makes it terrible worse ... 
  that had to be really boring job, 
  seriously , it 's bbc ... 
  i want to believe that it is a white-stitched fabrication , otherwise it 's absolutely terrible, 
  * next we find chemical weapons , oppressed opposition , throw some moderate rebels and install democracy in exchange for oil *, 
  in favor of exception when there 's medical support to the claim . 
  not just for everyone because they feel like it today, 
  it 's called exception , because it is one, 
  yes , we have general agreement that it 's useful , but quite bad language, 
  i think they see population of britain as peasants, 
  there 's so many things wrong in this from so many angles , it wo n't stand a chance in any instance of any european court ... 
  i see 5 ohms hanging , what is sum of their resistance ? 
  there are similar looking ones in berlin, 
  they do look weird , normally horses do n't have their haunch/hip joint/pelvis areas so protruding, 
  they should have introduced lobbying instead , that 's how it 's done in truly democratic nation, 
  hopefully it will go further than their cooperation with us and uk to return money that were frozen in relation to previous government corruption . 
  ukraine have failed multiple times to even start investigation into former government officials ... 
  lybia was a huge success when victor writes history i guess, 
  this project have n't even originated from state , it 's city 's decision . 
  if everyone think putin writes every single law and regulation himself , you 're delusional as fuck . 
  if you think that putin have written that project himself , you 're delusional as trump, 
  hm , how is putin related to this aside from telling moscow to behave and be fair with this project to replace obsolete housing ? 
  that is startpoint for understanding what 's in their mind . 
  baltic countries from russian stand point are of no big importants for russia by themselves , until the point that it can be used as a stage for any form of offense , even theoretical and most improbable , if it 's possible - it 's a threat . 
  nato at russian borders is a threat for them even if there 's 0 military personnel here . 
  defense is all what ussr and russia are , they 've been ravaged by other nations by centuries , and last of it was world war 2 , 26.6 million deaths is not a small drop by any degree, 
  only 1 of 5 listed have been annexed , with undeniable support of local population ( they 've been voting for this for years ) . 
  and lost of crimea would have really hit hard on russian defenses , in similar way as loss of control over panama to us, 
  why not to go with a decorative rump of state ? 
  i really do n't like notion of such articles , if it 's a citizen , it 's a citizen , punkt . 
  you do n't just start separating citizens by religion or beliefs or anything at all , this is one of many things that separate us from dictatorships, 
  these are awesome lampposts , what is the meaning behind that symbol ? 
  and then trump proof , macron proof , merkel proof , and e.t.c , because everyone need to stop fucking with everyones affairs, 
  grass is still greener in bayern , though it 's been covered with a bit of snow as of recently ... 
  i do agree with some of your opinions , though eu is n't going for a republic ( us of europe ) , luckily for all of us , it 's not possible politically , at all . 
  some words do look a lot like `` koyaanisqatsi '', 
  much better than our own experiment with communism, 
  look up results of operation gomorrah , they also made a 460 meter high tornado of fire there, 
  i fear that people in us have simply not understood the meaning behind and just reacted inline with `` murica hell yeah '', 
  these are [ freedom fighters ^ tm ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y3f9mluqzja ),
