  are n't they already ? 
  more of the reason to ditch us from nato as they only escalate relations between europe and russia ... 
  they are on the other continent after all and would be minimally affected even by their own nukes . 
  of course , only income that company have made in this country, 
  they have problem even with their own law if understand history of panama correctly, 
  does n't change my answer , i have no affinity to actions of germany after 1928 , we 've been either exiled or killed . 
  apparently third-reich wanted to have buffer zone and have control over baltic sea . 
  not sure how russia would act in case of war if denmark was neutral . 
  if it would be completely neutral , as in : either block or not block passageway for both sides , i do think and hope that neither of sides would act against denmark . 
  my family have been against nazies and paid dearly , if you 're about that period of time, 
  not really , one does not start war with one more country if it can . 
  it 's a federal law , germany too have weird law where own citizen can be jailed for unfriendly remark about foreign leader, 
  i wish countries were more caring about their own citizens then immigrants or refugees , even with all their devotion to other countries well-being , they end up in ruins ... 
  missiles part is actually valid , just like us missiles were targeting multiple places in west germany . 
  if you ally yourself with potential enemy , you 'll be hit in case of war . 
  this goes to both sides . 
  if company have income in country , it should be paying taxes with no ways around it . 
  thank you for weekly dose of regular news , hard to come these days !, 
  dude , latvia have lost 600k of their population , from 2.6 kk . 
  and ukraine would have to deal with corruption * before * joining eu , not to mention with a lot of other reforms to fix economical , and human rights situation . 
  it would take years . 
  and they have proven they ca n't do such reforms , they do n't know how, 
  many people in latvia have lost their jobs after joining eu , even more moved out to ireland and other eu countries . 
  ukraine also have ended up with even more corruption ... 
  wow , double standards , such surprise , much surprise, 
  mikhail gorbachev is honorary citizen of germany which can be withdrawn only in exceptional cases . 
  this is not one . 
  they have overthrown their own government when their president was in eu over trading agreement ... 
  i 'm pretty confused , -20 points , yet only 1 comment and 0 explanation why i 'm wrong , not very constructive conversation for a discussion, 
  i have not mentioned crimea annexation , at all , it 's not in context of this discussion . 
  what exactly have kremlin said ? 
  russia have attacked , yes , after they freaking sold themselves to nato when they had run out of most of money and resources they had . 
  you make it sound like they themselves had nothing to do with their economical downfall . 
  please answer to each of this topics and why they are not true or misleading : independence with 0 debt , running productions with contracts and clients , payments for gas transit to europe , guaranteed payments for crimean russian base, 
  these are vertical dust collectors , they collect dust over time and then you just need to vacuum them . 
  maybe it 's an old sign of status ? 
  ask america , they are happy to help everyone to protect their borders for free, 
  of course it 's not a complete solution , but at very least it will make some participants feel that they have at least done something unlike masses of other `` facebook +1 like '' people, 
  i hope someone would need to make a research to prove that this will not have any effect on methane pollution first . 
  technically it probably will have positive effect after all , at very least it wo n't be coming from livestock after that xd, 
  yet it 's not poland or swedish ships , these are us ships . 
  are they doing it for free and from good will ? 
  just because they can ? 
  just to save these countries trouble maintaining their own army and defense ? 
  well yeah , * fucking come on * , what is distance of us ship from us soil in comparison of russian airplain from russian soil ? 
  who 's national security is at risk in this context ? 
  in context of turkey , they are breaching air space of eu member at least 600 times per year , once even 22 times within 24 hours . 
  both cases are national security threat one way or the other , though not exactly sure how flyover us ships is threat to us nation if they are not at their nation borders , practically on the other continent from it . 
  it 's europe , so it have to be a miracle . 
  only russian 's know how to fraud . 
  maybe it 's putin 's doings , yeah , have to be it !, 
  they might be not approving of such a state of a beard, 
  i ' currently working part-time , willing to go 6 hours , but not full-time . 
  and i do welcome basic income as it would provide me with accommodation flexibility ( currently i do n't have any ) and i 'm ready to bear additional tax for that . 
  still childsplay in comparison to freedomfighters leaving ruins or terrorist organisations in their wake, 
  it 's so cool that i want to burn it down, 
  i have one unfortune to have shisha bar as my downstairs neighbor . 
  calling police every few weeks for loud music and now also waiting for answer from authorities about fire hazards they present . 
  ( they 've burned something really badly two times already to point where smoke was coming through building itself ) fuck them and their cultural entertainments , it 's not something any sane person would be able to live near for any extensive time period . 
  probably because it 's country with least money on this planet , and there 's barely any good housing . 
  refugees themselves would refuse to go there, 
  i 'm pretty sure madagascar would be the least welcoming country . 
  on the other hand , after fall of su , people have lost trust and with trust in other people and with this welcomes . 
   responsibility for fatal shooting lies upon the russian side because it is `` in effective control of the region . '' this part is weird , it 's not territory of russian federation , nor have they confirmed that people on video were russian forces , yet they already placing blame on third side . 
  that is bad diplomacy . 
  it 's abkhaz who are in effective control , is n't it ? 
  or i 'm misunderstanding something ? 
  okay , yeah , it 's clearly that these armed personnel have done multiple wrongdoings . 
  some sources said it was drunk aggressive citizen trying to cross checkpoint without documents . 
  who says the truth ? 
  further `` arm up '' would be the reason for said war ... 
  germany on swedish will be tyskland , and for some reason i like this version too xd, 
  i wonder if there are any legal cases which would have their outcome overturned due to this . 
  he-he-he , chocolate brown , he-hee ... 
  that looks like desertion , not to mention multiple other criminal offences . 
  it 's one thing to invent , completely other to master, 
  siemens , produced gas chambers . 
  at least hitler is not ours, 
  we 'll be waiting !, 
  https://twitter.com/thewtfnation/status/719858234048258048/photo/1 https://www.facebook.com/usawtfm/videos/10154208113753606/, 
  this is so wrong , why are policemen just letting them go after this ? 
  if they would not prosecute them , this unhuman beings would continue doing this and more young people would think they can do this too ... 
  everyone forgets that it was really boring to live not so long ago , it 's just a result, 
  in all cases , amazon sends brief information : delivery address , item name , item state , item price . 
  if it 's fulfilled by someone other than amazon itself , i 'm receiving e-mail from @marketplace . amazon.de with full invoice/recipe . 
  everything i 've bought on amazon.de had an invoice , most cases in german if i remember correctly, 
  it 's not if you 're paying taxes in that country . 
  it 's still relatively free , you just need to think about accommodations beforehand ... 
  bayern , the grass is greener, 
  if it takes a bit of economy to muster new manufacturing powers , this is a small price ... 
  so far nato is crying wolf for many years , what the outcome would be ? 
  except , this time around russia did n't need to do a thing , governments themselves have gone multiculti , help the refugees , help the banks and failed their citizens miserably and still failing . 
  the reason why people are seeking alternative sources like rt , even as obvious propaganda it is , because local medias are mostly propaganda or disinformation or lies or bullshitery . 
  so again their own damn fault . 
  problem is that you have to be their member for them to have any say in anything you hold rights for , they are not state or land organisation , membership is not mandatory, 
  ukraine is against because they will not get as much free money from russia . 
  and they are at their own fault for that , stealing gas , delaying payments , disturbing gas transit , trying to make ultimatums even . 
  `` the money it gives to populist parties in our member states and its anti-eu propaganda are all part of the same programme . '', 
  - why is no-one complaining about us interventions literally everywhere often the same way ? 
  i 'm pretty sure coldplay have applied for contentid and it should not check themselves for their own content , it might be though that they have not added specified track into contentid and this gema have grabbed whatever is copyrighted from their perspective .
