  and there are people who will be happy to start working and get out of benefits income pit, 
  it will actually give more freedom to those who know how to live out of minimum available , with less leverage over them compared to current benefits, 
  that 's the thing , there are people on benefits for various reasons , including these who if will start working will have less income then on benefits . 
  thus there 's already lots of government spending on benefits . 
  move budget spending from one place to other . 
  exactly this , and even for employed people there 's still bottom . 
  i have part-time job , i have colleague in finland who 's working full-time , we have decent euro-per-hour rate , but we both are in position were our income is still such that we have barely any flexibility in anything . 
  we both have little if any options in accommodations , owning car is completely impossible of course , at least we do n't need cars that much in europe as public transport is adequate . 
  and basic income does make this bottom situations right , it keeps people above point of no choice . 
  not to mention that basic income would eliminate welfare pit , situation where finding job will leave you with less income then staying jobless , this is really discouraging for a lot of young people . 
  it would be pretty ignorant from politicians side to compare finland and switzerland this way . 
  they are hard to compare economically and social differences are present too . 
  i do hope they will make sure it wo n't be disturbed, 
  i 've read it as `` visa-free terrorism '' and though it was a reference to eu-turkey agreement . 
  i need glasses ... 
  blame putin, 
  their culture consider some actions normal while the same is a punishable crime in any country of europe . 
  sometimes i think many in turkey genuinely think these things are perfectly okay . 
  wrong strategy . 
  they should allow everyone to participate , but reveal any findings right before awards issuance and not give any rewards to thouse found guilty . 
  so , over one case , he denied other people to have a chance at better rights ? 
  m\u00fcnchen ( ~ 363km ^ 2 ) have 1.4 m vs 3.5 m in berlin ( ~ 644km ^ 2 ) , yet m\u00fcnchen and villages around are really really expensive in comparison . 
  finding good appartment is pain in berlin , practically speaking best apartments are not published anywhere , you have to find people who live in community and through them find if there 's any apartments available , best prices and apartments are there ... 
   27.06.2009 - helicopter escorting a us plane wat , that 's super inefficient and can also be dangerous i also wonder how belgium aircraft have ended up intruding into finland, 
  berlin was freaking cheap in comparison 2 years ago , i could rent 2-3 room apartment while in munich i can get 1 room max =\\ though i 've heard it was getting more and more expensive relatively fast ... 
  hm , i think similar is happening in m\u00fcnchen for some time now, 
  my first point was that i have n't found any authoritative outlet saying it was airstrike to begin with . 
  i actually have n't found any authoritative outlet saying anything about this incident yet ... 
  the only source saying that it was a. airstrike , b. russians is britain-based syrian observatory for human rights . 
  yeap , that 's exactly what / r/elvishcopter mentioned . 
  i 'm not drinking any spirit so i kind of combined all alcohol types into single group in my head, 
  ah , good point , lost important part in translation, 
  2.3 for germany seems quite accurate , 0.42 in italy , wow , that 's really low , i wonder why , they have good and stable wine production, 
  really good point , i 've missed that not only czech had good industry before ww2 and that environment is much more favorable in europe than central asia . 
  it definitely would 've been better european union then it is right now , much more balanced and maybe even less influenced by usa . 
  not earlier than they fix the reason for said speech . 
  never said that eastern regime would be better or was good . 
  only want to point out that without east , there would n't be west as it was/is right now . 
  and in this situation actually really really hard to predict what would be there at all . 
  better ? 
  most probably , at least i hope , because alternatives are probably worse then eastern block but i surely doubt any of east block countries would be in any way economically successful as it looks like many think . 
  * remove eastern influence and magically everything is beautiful and perfect *, 
  well yeah , that 's point of discussion ? 
  not sure why i 've got this many downvotes for discussion though, 
  there were no benefits i would say , none . 
  though it still ca n't denied that countries had been rebuilt , production restored . 
  it was n't a happy ride on east either , i think east won in longer term as a winning side of cold war and due to higher amount of survived population and that much less had to be rebuild in much safer and warmer environment . 
  we do n't know if it would n't be without them . 
  [ frg have only been spared by us to counter su in cold war ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/history_of_germany_\\ ( 1945 % e2 % 80 % 9390 \\ ) #industrial _ disarmament_in_western_germany )  with the beginning of the cold war , the western policies changed as it became evident that a return to operation of west german industry was needed not only for the restoration of the whole european economy , but also for the rearmament of west germany as an ally against the soviet union . 
  germany would probably have less industrial power then slovakia now . 
  how would they be any different from uruguay or macedonia ? 
  both ddr and frg were on edge of attention from nato and su . 
  frg was really great place until 1990 's , after reunion all government institutions have gone slack , they did n't need to show anymore that they are better . 
  it 's just like olympics , muster facade for duration and what do we have in many cases after ? 
  ruins, 
  problem with this question is that there is no way to know how it would benefit countries if it was the other way around, 
  it will take quite some time to dry the walls though, 
  title says most important bit of information of said article , does n't change anything, 
  have n't read article , by title looks totally relevant, 
  which part ? 
  selling civilians from russia as slaves or restoring latvia as resort state ? 
  dude , do you even know what your nickname says about you ? 
  not to mention that was totally uncalled for . 
  how is it even related to russia ? 
  would they pee on their freedom monument ? 
  i just hope that with this model it would be still possible to have laws on national , land and city levels, 
  it 's dangerous to ditch laws without looking at them , there are laws in lands designed to protect this lands , and removing this protection will probably result in ruined lives and businesses in these areas, 
  not sure how it could be achieved considering how different laws in eu countries . 
  though german government system is highly compatible with that suggestion . 
  that does n't actually look bad this way, 
  and i would agree that eu should not become super state , that would be impossible without erasing cultural differences . 
  border between nationalism and fascism is not evident for many, 
  true , but closing them prematurely was n't good choice , radiation from coal plants is ignored by masses for some reason . 
  not to mention emissions, 
  instead of using power of atom to provide power and further research ways so improve re-using and recycling of waste , we now abolished peaceful atom and replaced it coal plants and now we also have us nuclear warheads in germany . 
  more targets for russian doomsday machine, 
  i though chem-weapon card was fake , was it not ? 
  they have n't found any traces as i 've heard, 
  boring does n't mean bad , and this is exactly good example where we had too complex assumptions, 
  it 's truly a shame , it is not easy to find a good cake makers in germany . 
  i was in russia and oh boy , they have fresh cakes in regular shops quite often , even if mass produced , but they are surprisingly good , they do n't last long due to that though, 
  that way it actually sounds better then how i 've written, 
  not sure why this was marked as duplicate if this link have not been posted on r/europe, 
  current situation in middle-east is result of us and saudi-arabia , cut weapons , funding , training 's , they 'll run out of weapon stocks and will die out eventually, 
  ow wow , fuck that guy . 
  not sure why germans are obligated to anything as of right now . 
  he mentions catholics , yet he forgets that germans just like christ have paid for their sins and past should no shackle present generation for past sins . 
  was it chocolate cake ? 
  i like cakes, 
  it might be an example of sexist society results where girls/women are expected to be pretty/at kitchen/not smart/whatever but not normal or self , or maybe not , i do n't know anymore, 
  i think their similarity end 's up with name of continent and language ... 
  if it was truly a union , then there would have been no countries with criminally low tax for companies to begin with . 
  they 've been planning to be station there publicly since around since 2001 , http://www.nato.int/cps/en/natolive/topics_49635.htm, 
  probably because citizens do n't really play any significant role in how their country is being run anymore . 
  we 're mostly passive now . 
  i personally do n't know whether germany government right now is not us or nato pet project , we have internal problems and yet we 're spending freaking amount of money on other countries without any good reason ... 
  and what if it is n't ? 
  have you though maybe that russia does n't have such interests to begin with ? 
  maybe they only want other to leave them alone and stop advancing military super power to their borders . 
  i do hope european army will become a thing , right now europe does look like a doll with strings attached to us ... at least eu is not accepting ridiculous trade laws from us right away anymore .
