  fiat chrysler automobiles nv is 100 % european company with headquarters in ~ ~ turin italy ~ ~ london . 
  fiat automobiles s.p.a. -  fiat chrysler automobiles n.v. ( netherlands ) -  exor n.v. ( netherlands ) -  agnelli family ( italian ), 
  i would guess they would recognize any company as non-european if it 's owned by company with non-european headquarters or something of that way, 
  i guess you are right here , and i see right-away how it will go on fire in any european country if anyone would try to have anyone pledge to european union in schools . 
  that would go ballistic even in germany, 
  this video was sponsored by lays , potato camera , potato microphone and all of that powered by potato, 
  it 's not required legally , but one can be punished for not doing this or end up being bullied . 
  it does n't add anything good to society , it 's closer to brainwashing . 
  also super awkward in cases where non-citizen is in class , suuuuuper awkward, 
  event of multiple failures from police and special forces ... 
  not just poles really . 
  also , we 're citizens , not subjects . 
  qatar and uae are still using slaves , and they do have bizarre structures , though i doubt any of these would last as long as roman constructions, 
  not the same , you want something that is achievable, 
  article is missing / s at the and, 
  not a word about current welfare situation and problems in finland and how ubi is a way to resolve them and replace it mostly . 
  but it 's nyt , they write all kind of distorted or bland shit all the time ... 
  one of reasons why it security should be separate from it development and it administration , just like government branches , they have to monitor each other, 
  i have no idea and never heard of any of drinks mentioned in this title, 
  not sure if he 's stuck , or just waiting for car in front . 
  his engine is still mostly above water, 
  * oh horror , the symbol on grave *, 
  exactly , they have n't burned their cartoons or hidden in archives , they just put disclaimer . 
  so , you say that assad is fully in his right to shell rebels on his territory ? 
  they 'll hack printers that print our ballot papers and make them look crooked , it will ruin everything , country will fall into chaos and fourth youknowwhat will be born, 
  hm , removing symbols from graves . 
  should disney remove all racist stereotypes and jokes from their cartoons too then ? 
  they ca n't , they do n't really control some of it anymore / s, 
  even pope have qualification in chemistry and pope pius xii declared that the big bang theory does not conflict with the catholic concept of creation . 
  fake news , they are feasting and cheering new long awaited law / s, 
   russia 's state consumer watchdog and white house is america / s, 
  you clearly have not understood my comment, 
  would be also nice if these weapons would be required to stay in country , otherwise they would be used for defense against those who dears to attack moderate opposition, 
  it 's as necessary as war on drugs ? 
  wherever i 've been , i could always path with card . 
  yeah , concentration camps are not that popular , ca n't find numbers for them though , will see if friend can get any numbers . 
  continent population might stop growing . 
  is it bad ? 
  not really , will it shrink ? 
  maybe , is it bad ? 
  not really . 
  population have quite good self-balance record , we do n't need 5 kids so at least 2 reach adolescence, 
  that 's called `` do n't know how to swim '' , one can get a grasp of how to swim in critical situation and make `` escape '' , these without limbs , ** can not ** swim no mater what, 
  if it 's encrypted and decoding is done in custom processor , that 's a really really good reason to not buy such hardware ... 
  well , if it comes to `` can not '' , it 's pretty simple , just get statistics for people without at least two limbs, 
  anything can be reverse engineered , problem is that it will take more time than write from scratch, 
  uh , what would be the reason for smugglers from africa to have any assets in of all countries , russia and china ? 
  i often tip when not because i want to increase their income , but because they were nice people and have n't ruined my day, 
   for russia the mere existence of independent ukraine is a reason to wage war so , ukraine joins nato , it 's now dependent on nato for protection , russia happy ? 
  they do n't want independence to join russia though , they want autonomy, 
  yeah , that 's why we buy gold when there 's some excess and we have no plans for it right now, 
  if they still have < 60 ping , then this is completely useless, 
  excessive amount of pretty much anything is bad , be it nationalism or patriotism or carrots . 
  healthy amount of nationalism and patriotism is essential for survival of any nation . 
  [ there 's even freakish song about their federal subjects ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mmhskdpptpk ), 
  they even have [ `` nogay '' ethnolinguistic group ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/chechnya#/media/file:caucasus-ethnic_en.svg ) living there, 
  ah , i 've misinterpreted it as `` being done despite laws and regulations '' . 
  i often get confused about meanings of seemingly plain sentences ... 
   extra-judicial execution that is appropriate term if all this have happened within law enforcements , though right now it 's not known if this have any connections with local law enforcments, 
  hell if i know , from what i 've learned about him , he was n't even supposed to be accepted to kgb , and then he certainly got connections, 
  germany have accepted and still accepting refugees from chechnya , a lot of them end up in berlin . 
  though recent refugees do n't look anything like ones from 2008, 
  i 'm terrible at `` alternative meanings '' of words or other stuff , so i 've meant this as is , slaughter or butchery are alternative, 
   westboro baptist church are they recognized as hate group pretending as religious group ? 
  is n't it how it works in all countries quite often ? 
  have connections or sex , and you 're promoted, 
  adjusting painting angle repeatedly is annoying , maybe he also removed `` no advertisements '' sticker from his mailbox, 
  wholly agree , this article ridiculous . 
  i 'm mostly happy with current foreign policy, 
   without any charges no court can sentence to death as it 's not allowed in russia if this happened , this is massacre , not a litigation , and especially not under supervision of federal authorities . 
  6 cars on left lane , why are they there ? 
  could be two lane tunnel single way of course , but for some reason does n't look like . 
  why they hell were they not moving ? 
  well at least one second car have driven off as soon as it could , first one should be 100 % fine for that circus though, 
   now look them squirm and make funny stories about this question , that 's how you troll, 
  completely nuts , unreasonable and brutal violence, 
  we ca n't , we 've accepted them despite russian 's warnings and documents on their crimes . 
  they have fled from oppression after all !, 
  complexity of board is practically equal to it 's cost , with exceptions to boards with exotic and expensive components , thus fixing relatively cheap board ca n't take much time unless multiple components have been damaged in multiple unrelated areas . 
  an hour takes experienced technician to find issue and make a fix for apple laptop motherboard ... 
  yes and no , if board have probe points and schematics accessible , this can actually be trivial , even washing machine control boards are quite simple two sided pcb 's . 
  check voltages on probe points , reference with schematics , and in case of discrepancy you 're already half way through repair . 
  wooow , no thanks , fuck these first 3 monstrosities . 
  we 're building few faster autobahns and that 's enough , what we 're expanding and upgrading is railroad infrastructure . 
  and internet , city supported internet infrastructure upgrades are in most cases great, 
  thanks , long day , retyped it few times and could n't figure out why it feels wrong for some reason xd, 
  uh , loan does n't mean sin here , i do n't have credit card yeah , see absolutely no reason for it . 
  but loans are common here , buying house , car , one would get a loan . 
  i wonder if they are new or old ones , maybe they bought new turbines , renovated some plant not in crimea and shipped old turbines that wer bought in 2000 ~ to crimea, 
  in absolute most cases it 's not a chip though , but resistor , diode or kondensator , and they cost few cents , sometimes per dozen, 
  lenovo though are really good with their laptops , you 'll sooner break it physically than it would die . 
  and they are designed to be taken apart by user , exemplar product design, 
  if i 'm not mistaken , they do n't repair them in store , they ship them to regional repair centers . 
  a lot of companies do that , one center per country or even per several countries, 
  i wear my pair of shoes until they wear off and only then i buy second pair . 
  i have winter shoes of course , but that 's it , 2 pair of shoes that i have n't changed in last 5 years, 
  i 've laughed at that to point where brother had to come and see what 's up , i usually do n't do that at all ) ) ), 
  [ who would n't ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wnwnwntk5be ) ? 
  [ also wolves ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vactukwbhtw ) , [ also russians chasing bears ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ni0rqduwqgs ) ( i guess bears are also quizzed ), 
  in other words , * how dare we not spending our money on random shit , so much lost revenue *,
