  this comes from moscow state university - as i understtand elite kids are there , 1 % and so on 2 . 
  it is someone 's professional/personal opinion 3 . 
  not a governmental representative . 
  sadly though it 's something that could be considered as criminal offense as hate speech and/or incitement of ethnic strife , and yet it comes from one of the well known educational institutions ... 
   russians see ukrainians as `` inferior russians '' where exactly have you got this notion from ? 
  because i 'm nearly absolutely positive that part is completely wrong ... 
  please keep in mind that most vocal are usually not even minority . 
  i think you commented on wrong post ? 
  which post were you commenting to ? 
  i 'm curious now . 
  yeah `` you '' -  `` your media company '' . 
  and fine is in place if fake news article is not removed within 24 hours . 
  holy batman , is it like , batman in white ? 
  like albino batman !, 
   many here have no idea about how many russians celeberated the death of ukrainian soldiers including yourself ? 
  from what i 've heard of these whole live in russia , every death on any of sides is considered a loss and no one celebrating any of it . 
  it 's more of a cross-national civil war . 
  because a lot of people ( maybe even majority ) have ukrainian ancestry within family tree . 
  wow , he drives better than some lucid and sober people . 
  yeah , middle east and libya are super stable now , better than before !, 
  yeah , it defends interests in countries that are not part of nato xd, 
  well , sunny in februar is an overstatement =\\ but northern lights , yeah , they are gorgeous !, 
  surprisingly , but -5 - -25 is a good temperature for ice cream, 
  though after 46 - it 's hell , air you breath out , freezes instantly ... 
  source : i 've visited norilsk city as contractor once in march , that was quite a freezing experience, 
  misleading title . 
  blizzard not publishes overwatch comics in russia in appliance with local law . 
  yeah , and for some reason first though is that us have proposed this to secure themselves , and only second though is about general cruelty of these methods ... 
  i open facebook once a month to see if there were any messages there ... 
   missing the / s or you 're a reichsb\u00fcrger nah , just vast library and at some point i was interested at political development of europe . 
  people during history had a lot of ways to overthrow something without weapons , well at least in beginning of such movements . 
  problem with europe that it have lots of countries around who can supply weapons , even without russia . 
  disarming citizens is pretty much useless . 
  limiting access to ammo would yield better results in long term than removing guns . 
  do people migrate to states with better social laws ? 
  i would expect migration to nudge states for competition at this . 
  they probably do n't care whether population is armed or not , they are just riding political hype train . 
  even if they hope to get population disarmed for hopes to have obedient and none resistant population , well , they do n't have a single clue about worldwide revolution history then ... 
  you do n't need new policies to fix people breaking the law , you need to enforce laws . 
  oh , cool , so what is statistics of legally owned weapons used in attacks in europe ? 
  it might not be terrible bad thing , look on slightly bright side , he 's saying whatever he 's thinking , he 'll be first politician to do so !, 
  i do n't think he want to cancle it , just bring spending for that project under stricter control , maybe review some of past spending and prosecute someone for funds squander, 
  does it have water boiler ? 
  no boiler , no tea , no contract !, 
  unfortunately it 's not about religion , but culture they came from . 
  well , you can if you can defend your territory , world might think it works whatever way it want , but if world ca n't beat you , that 's how it actually works . 
  it dropped in which currency ? 
  majority of military production is locally sourced and does not depend on import . 
  measuring it in foreign currency would be quite an amateur mistake , or a planned one . 
  best starting point is to live through all levels of real people . 
  surprise : suicide often leads to death ? 
  how actually bad are facilities and services in his case ? 
  there 's no way to know whether it 's actually quite bad or they have expected hotel service ... 
  though they should have prepared all changes by specified date , bureaucracy have to be proactive too . 
  even those who do n't have papers when reaching eu can tell where they came from , but they choose not to tell , probably because many of them are * economical * emigrants . 
  is there any reason for refugee not to tell their origin in europe ? 
  all you said is true , but unfortunately majority of `` stateless '' people in this statistics are people who have thrown their passports as soon as they reached eu borders . 
  `` stateless '' - ha , there 's no such thing as stateless unless you 've managed to get into extremely exception circumstances like having two citizenship and then renunciation of both at the same time , even then the last renunciated citizenship would be deemed invalid under international laws ... 
  i missed part where soviet union is praised in text , can you put citation here ? 
  surreal , that would yield up to 62 billion eur for german private gold owners, 
  it 's unfortunately as much debatable as global warming =\\, 
  just like a common sense sometimes =\\, 
  russia is though, 
  constantly flying over greece borders - check occupation of cyprus - check disputing defined borders - check definitely no respect for sovereignty of other states, 
  this starts to look like hysteria now ... 
  next they 'll find cia agents there ? 
  oh wait , we 're giving them all information ourselves !, 
  oh look , media affects people , what a news ... from 1919 ~ !, 
  and of course it 's oooonly baaad when others are using it !, 
  not property lease , police registration . 
  title suggests russia is going to hack bundesdruckerei and add option putin in all future votes, 
  why would they end sanctions ? 
  cuba is in us sphere of interest, 
  hm , need to move bandera 's grave somewhere far away , maybe sink somewhere in nordsee . 
  do n't need more moderate nationalists coming there, 
  is there a list of changes they made to make them closer to democracy and people ? 
  i think leftover freedom is largely exaggerated ... are citizens free ? 
  in most cases yes , is government free ? 
  not exactly , is economics free ? 
  not exactly either, 
  you clearly misunderstood me a bit : us considers whole world as their playground , * they do n't know borders *, 
  not different from us position which is not a joke ... 
  well duh , britain is already part of * united * kingdom , and they have blackjack and hookers !, 
  uh , slap `` fsb '' somewhere because reason on it and now it 's russian fsb behind the prank , not just two idiots , great journalist investigation there ... 
  this kind politik in general is probably one of the biggest threats to peace and stability ... one side highlights something `` bad '' from the opposite , then does the same . 
  as for votes , i have no idea by now why votes are often seem so random , i personally stopped bothering with personal comment ratings , it should n't affect expression of personal opinion ( that is of course as long as one is willing to change opinion when facts come along ) . 
  that 's quite a lot whataboutism in article , it have to be russian troll, 
  i fully support every point , but for some reason this logic is only applied to anything east from europe ... 
  it 's the one of selling points of religion that it works incredibly well on those who do n't apply logic to their life, 
  even if migration policy was not great , she is better then alternatives we have , it would be easier to persuade them than replace . 
  that 's actually exactly that, 
  reminds me of selfish `` god bless america '', 
  it 's invasion , not occupation . 
  and invasion often happens to countries within sphere of influence/interest in scenarios i 've described above . 
  though us have mostly moved from direct invasion to enforce their influence to economical means . 
  sure , if they can get to moscow by force , feel free to do whatever you want !, 
  `` obligated '' is interesting word here : country is obligated to protect it 's sovereignty and it 's citizens . 
  countries around are possible threat at all times . 
  thus these countries are within sphere of influence/interest as possible threat , they are obligated to have this sphere of influence/interest as part of defense . 
  but have it really changed ?
