  world is still ruled by money more or less , and it 's path to result never really concerns itself with casualties, 
  you are probably missing definition of `` sphere of influence '' . 
  panama have n't been asked which `` sphere of influence '' do they belong , they 've just been invaded and puppet government have installed . 
  because panama is in us sphere of influence and it have been threatened . 
  as long as country within sphere of influence is not threatening said country influence , it can do whatever it want . 
  well , they 've finally built their own spaceport now , and it was cheaper than still unfinished berlin brandenburg airport ... 
  i guess he supported french `` intervention '' in libya, 
   is this finally happening ? 
  are we going to have our freedom now ? 
  * sorry obama , she 's married to work *, 
  problem with western civilization is that some of it can not survive on it 's own the way it is now without exploiting rest of the world, 
  hope it wo n't be like berlin brandenburg airport, 
  so uh , which governments bemoans saudi arabia , china et cetera for human rights and et cetera ? 
  well , it 's okayish reality show at least , right ? 
  erm  the country 's defence ministry has said, 
  no idea actually , but i hope euro would never be backed by itself as us dollar , this system exists only with support of external colonies . 
   us to investigate russian funding of european political parties what the actual fuck , show me politician who would commit political suicide by openly letting * foreign * secret services into any of european political systems, 
  problem is that import from eu wo n't stop , it would only increase prices for us , which will affect us itself , trump included . 
  if they would put export tax for us goods to europe , that would be completely different story though . 
  but there would be a lot of people who would profit from import via other countries . 
  idea itself that these who are not partaking in carbon tax agreement/system to have additional import tax . 
  some people in south tyrol wo n't even speak with you on anything but german , and it 's * italy * !, 
  that 's ... actually good idea , but it would have to be eu wide for it to be effective . 
  yes , we have experience of combined western german camp wall technologies and east german experience in coutnrywide walls !, 
  maybe trump will be interested too , he seems to like walls !, 
  sovereignty exist on ability of country to protect it 's territory , if one country is in charge of country territory protection , it practically owns sovereignty of said country . 
  that is not a path to global stability in long term, 
  yeah , looked at it better and amazon actually have very small profit . 
  they spending more on shipments than people pay for it in total . 
  thanks for detailed comment !, 
  so , out of 12.8 b income in germany , they 've paid 0 out of 2.92-4 .71 b ? 
  she 's kind of extreme yeah , maybe it 's due to living in small isolated community , or it 's intention of article, 
  uh , do n't they have lobbying in us with essentially same result ? 
  legalized collusion and bribery, 
  yes *, 
  my condolences . 
  thermometer creators were quite a pessimists , scale up to 60 deg ? 
  yeah , let 's play revenge on children / s retards, 
  so , boosting morale of their stranded citizens is , bad ? 
  level ghettos ? 
  khe , i have comments sorted by `` new '' and took some time to figure out you 're referring to darmokvts and not n43n, 
  arms does n't equal training and expertise unfortunately or fortunately , it 's well seen in yemen, 
  now i 'm confused , should n't they be called moderate opposition ? 
   unified germany under a communist puppet government you would have to supply a bit more sources for your claim otherwise * facepalm *, 
  except , soviet union was in favor of unified german government . 
  uk , france and usa started currency reform without even notifying soviet zone , practically cutting it out economically ... 
  so ussr have planned for opposite of `` one must be really disillusioned to believe that the ussr had n't planned something similar . '', 
  that 's actually badly designed fireplace or clogged chimney , both are very dangerous, 
  except if you hate water or any kind of public places, 
  this building is ridiculously massive, 
  * it 's always easier to get warmer than colder *, 
   carmakers invested in diesel tech at the expense of everything else because saying so is just wrong exactly , carmakers are not idiots , they have shown a lot of diversity in their researches, 
  that 's the problem , there 's too little information in this article to draw solid conclusion , information is just not there, 
  article is really short and some critical information is missing , but it looks like insured deposits should be exempt from withdrawal freeze . 
  though there 's too little written to be absolutely sure ... 
  i would expect 100k is enough to pay suppliers for a month , salaries though ... 
  problem with stopping that is that it should either come from organisation such as european council or it have to come from government of country like germany or france to block and penalize sells of arms to countries in blacklist , blacklist would have to be tracked on multiple conditions , first of which should probably be `` country is actively in war '' , second active violation of human rights or laws in violation of human rights and so on . 
  and for such a thing to happen , citizens have to push for it actively, 
  love the stone hedges/fences, 
   excluded from the moratorium insured depositors , which under eu rules are those below 100,000 euros so it 's not as terrible as it sounds , i doubt there 's many people who hold this many savings in regular bank accounts . 
  buy gold ? 
   but in general if bank is gambling and failing at it , it 's their risks , their fault , not those who trust and keep their money by them . 
  maybe start thinking about lowering your wages on top there , eh ? 
   how ? 
  arming islamic states with highest rates of human rights violation and questionable ethics to begin with ? 
  paternity leave - one state have it , and it have only partial payment . 
  paid vacation or paid public holidays - no statutory minimum . 
  i had 2 years when i had no work , and then had serious health problem ( 2 weeks in hospital specialized wards and then 2 months of visits for checkups and tests ) - i never had to think about money even though i was on bottom of my funds , i have n't had to change anything in my life , is this achievable in usa for everyone ? 
  we 're happy with our welfare , health insurance and government system , and have no plans changing any of these , thank you very much . 
  let 's open controversial museum about fascism in hitler 's hometown , austria might object though / s, 
  wat , and not payback ? 
  just free money ? 
  it would 've been better spent on greece than that ( there 's of course even better way to spend this sum ), 
  never though i would meet here anyone so vigorously protecting misleading statistics and inadequate reasoning , what 's next ? 
  showing graphs with scale in values from 75 to 80 % ? 
  how many us have lost from this and how much gained in terms of publicity and leverage ? 
  nothing is ever done with single purpose , especially when it comes from other nations especially us ... 
   but at the same time the last 15 years have shown that the russia was sadly right in distrusting the good intentions of the us government . 
  `` x orphan death rate in x '' and `` x orphan death rate in y '' are not comparable in any meaningful way , it does not lead to any valid conclusion whatsoever . 
  uh , by comparing `` russian orphans dying in russia '' with `` russian orphans in america '' you 're applying same logic here that is used by fake news and questionable journalism , please do n't do that . 
  you 're supposed to compare child mortality rates per country here . 
  it might be their love of funding questionable organisations around the world, 
  one would think that learning from failures is common sense . 
   the president and prime minister , both of whom are from the minority community president : petro poroshenko  in 1993 , poroshenko , together with his father oleksiy and colleagues from the road traffic institute in kiev , created the ukrprominvest ukrainian industry and investment company , which specialised in confectionery ( and later other agricultural processing industries ) and the automotive industry . 
  prime minister : volodymyr groysman  in 1994 he started his career as a commercial director of his father 's small private business company '' \u041e\u041a\u041e '' and as a commercial director of the private enterprise `` youth '' . 
  well , being super wealthy is a minority i guess, 
  abdelbaset al-megrahi was behind lockerbie bombing , so ? 
  maybe they 'll spend more on research on `` how to work with contractors '' , right ? 
  that 's not how you deal with armed conflicts , you need to remove current government until there 's one that fits your needs / s, 
  i personally have n't heard of it ever , but then , in germany as well as many other countries , resume is often tailored for specific companies and positions one applies . 
  country of cloth bags !, 
  seeing that you 're from bohemia , do you know why it have lower gdp ? 
  that of course , that 's why i said `` some cases '' . 
  bayern for example can be divided to at least 2 areas , north and south , because of how different they are, 
  odd , english version of [ wiki says london ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fiat_chrysler_automobiles ) . 
  i think it 's amsterdam after all , because n.v. in name which stands for `` naamloze vennootschap '' does n't sound english xd, 
   are n't the headquarters in amsterdam ? 
  actually , fiat s.p.a. is in turin , while fiat chrysler automobiles n.v. is in london . 
  hah , agree . 
  though in some cases you can paint region as they are often similar in all places,
