  they are already available everywhere i go, 
  closely related : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lnjq6blvyhm, 
  hit plane ? 
  that 's new, 
  suspecting is good , but you ca n't drive far and long on this alone , so far this article does n't have anything new and good portion of information looks a bit misinterpreted as much as it can be stretched, 
  that 's quite a dumb decision , at least he probably got a nice pack of audio evidence to present in courts, 
  it looks more like that they 've embraced it long time ago and just live with it while knowing that it was worse and could be worse, 
  how many of these are celebrating russia day and how many of these are here for protesting ? 
   mr navalny was earlier granted permission to hold a rally at sakharova avenue but changed the location - without permission - on the eve of the demonstration to tverskaya street , near the kremlin . 
  and then  by calling people to an unauthorised rally , alexei navalny knew he was risking a confrontation . 
  you ca n't organize a protest without coordinating it with municipality , and they 've clearly decided to protest at some other place than what they declared, 
  is n't chechen are practically county of their own ? 
  they do whatever they want most of the time ... 
   the europeans and americans have accepted a blatant double standard , in which the saudis are allowed to fund their own brand of religious intolerance while banning the organised practice of other religions inside saudi arabia . 
  that 's the only double standard they 've noticed within themselves ? 
  i think our governments and journalists are either idiots or lairs / s, 
   six billion euros now at interest on withheld/overpaid tax ... holy smokes, 
  not sure how new zealanders are related there, 
   however , in 2013 a german constitutional court ruling said that even in suspicious cases it might not be worth contesting paternity , because the child could end up stateless and left in legal limbo . 
  weird , how is that legal limbo if by law child would have parent 's citizenship ? 
  so practically they are not happy for loophole they exploited being closed . 
  i wonder if their politicians have this kind of businesses themselves or they are good friends with owners . 
  wow wow , slow down there , it 's not `` radical u.s. preacher '' , it 's called `` moderate u.s. preacher '', 
  how was this sampled ? 
  for example 1 apple per person does n't mean every person have 1 apple, 
  there are many other things measures that can government can take before one would need to dig into privacy . 
  it 's more of aftermath patch rather then solution , in most dire situation it can be sacrificed , but it would have to be wartime-critical, 
  that 's exactly what brits asked themselves before voting on brexit , and then turned out that eu funds have been used widely to keep de-industrialized cities all over britain reworked . 
   why should the people of copenhagen pay comes with the package of being in a union ? 
  xd nah , i do n't need eu funding , but munich is a mess when it comes to housing , though not even sure additional funding would help anyhow except for basic infrastructure for new housing areas, 
  see ? 
  you 've stretched it a bit too !, 
  we need more examples xd, 
  that would have to be class action suit , otherwise beamter is always right, 
  i can stretch it a bit there , i want same rent as in berlin while living within 1h from work in m\u00fcnchen !, 
  he had a criminal record of injury and robbery something is definitely wrong when someone with such history is still free and still in country, 
  i wo n't mind some eu funds for people in m\u00fcnchen , it 's getting harder and harder to find suitable accommodations within 1h from work ( both rent and for purchase ) , parting with up to 2/3 of salary for flat is not exactly good quality of life, 
  that 's impossible to balance without authoritarian laws , hello communism . 
  it will also become quite discriminating for people with psychology different from `` average '' standard set by someone, 
  it was cut short last year =\\, 
  i though there was democracy in libya now, 
  thanks for sharing !, 
  i know it 's not like there are guns everywhere and everyone have them , i know far from everyone have gun or even interact without in their lifetime . 
  it 's just that in comparison with germany , there 's feeling they are everywhere in us ? 
  so one can drive or walk anywhere without worrying over his safety ? 
  i had [ these lights ] ( http://www.onlinefootage.tv/stock-video-footage/30447/nazi-meeting-marching-soldiers-with-torches-shaping-swastika-military-parade ) in mind , yours are much better xd, 
  [ 1,500 reindeer dead , 40 humans hospitalized amid anthrax outbreak in siberia ] ( https://news.vice.com/article/reindeer-dead-humans-hospitalized-anthrax-outbreak-russia-siberia ) [ 80,000 reindeer have starved to death in siberia because of melting sea ice ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/reindeer-dead-climate-change_us_5832bda6e4b058ce7aabe78e ) just a two cases of future problems in northern regions , permafrost have a lot of secrets to it we do n't know yet . 
  some are deadly, 
  nk is in state of war with sk though, 
  current permafrost areas will become even less useful with climate change . 
  not to mention possible frozen deadly viruses of past , there have already been an outbreak of something nasty there . 
  also all permafrost land would become one big swamp, 
   societal safety the hell ... just today i 've seen [ los angeles homeless numbers jump 23 % in a year ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-40115541 ) ,  on a single night in january 2013 , there were 610,042 people experiencing homelessness . 
  homelessness has declined by 9 % since 2007 ( hud , 2013 ) . 
  however , unofficial estimates of total homelessness range from 1.6 million to 3.5 ( nch , 2009 ) , and in 2013 , 2,483,539 children experienced homelessness ( ncfh , 2014 ) . 
  in comparison to germany ( light green ) : in 2012 , more than 284,000 people had nowhere to live , which is a 15 % increase compared to 2010 , and the numbers are expected to increase by an additional 30 % to 380,000 by 2016 ( deutsche welle , 2014 ) . 
  employment security in us is a joke , health care is freaking expensive if i 'm not mistaken . 
  how is us `` fairly high '' there ? 
  you forgot that uk is one of biggest google markets in world , also they had this land for long time now , either sell it or use it , they 've decided to use as it 's value have probably dropped now and they still need bigger office space in london, 
  is n't it different though ? 
  something was renamed to something not really acceptable 2 . 
  something was left as something not really acceptable, 
  i guess sitting behind furniture made of gold bars is not practical / s what 's interesting though , that 's apparently a calendar framed on right side !, 
  how deep should they go ? 
  will it include baristas ? 
  they are painting too , and what about microsoft paint users ? 
  we 're doomed !, 
  he-he , ca n't agree more i guess ) ), 
  ay , this is why i no longer see us as possible destination , too different , yet still not too different enough, 
  that 's specifically what i 'm trying to say , it 's looks like a mutated european culture , and for some reason i do n't like some turns it have taken =\\, 
  have n't it came from europe ? 
  there are traces of it for sure , but it have changed , or rather twisted ... 
  we have even more at hand of population, 
  trump is not really anything specifically new , just a bit more radical . 
  i value european culture a lot , so much that us mutation of it is painful to watch . 
  us looks like place where everyone are for themselves , political parties included , it looks like they do n't care about their voters at all . 
  cold war have also left a huge scar on their utter alienation of social democracy . 
  totally got me there !, 
  though on top of my list now are ireland , sweden , finland , kind of all equally, 
  some years ago i looked at us as possible migration destination , though got busy for some time , and behold , it 's now somewhere below turkey for me, 
  need more polish ^ i 'm ^ sorry , ^ but ^ maybe ^ not, 
  what sad is that nazies have corrupted a lot of good stuff , this phrase can have more than one meaning behind it =\\, 
  last one looks like rohan to me, 
  still different though, 
   without the united states , german reunification would never have proceeded so smoothly or rapidly . 
  if it takes some schock therapy to get on-track , then it takes some schock therapy . 
  i guess my criteria for jokes are more in favor of respect for a person ... 
  the former austrian foreign minister , ursula plassnik , called mr. lavrov `` one of the most knowledgeable and respected foreign policy actors in the global village . '' one probably can find more public opinions, 
  damn , that 's impressiv water line , any big puddle is within your reach !, 
  never personally heard/seen that . 
  though some did say `` chechnya '' , but that 's different type of annoyance , same as austria < -  australia, 
  you meant to say czechoslovakia ? 
   nato does n't attack neighboring nations yeah , just those a bit away xd, 
  these nukes would be reachable by russian troops within 24h , that 's something you do n't want to ever be possible in any nuclear capable country . 
  you do n't want your enemy having your weapon and hardware on their hand , do n't you ? 
  that 's a lot of disrespect for one of world most experienced , well known and respected diplomat . 
  that is the core problem here , it 's unregulated gray area right now which ca be exploited either by individuals or even by government ( fake news ! ) . 
  i think russia have tried to tickle this problem by introducing law that have labeled individuals as media under certain conditions , ca n't remember what it was , but it 's something like amount of views or visits , if it reached certain stable amount , you 're media, 
  ah , youtube yeah , i would say it 's personalized tv where every program can be watched whenever you want and you do n't usually need to record it to watch later xd though same rules apply though, 
  problem is that old rules are not flexible to cover this cases .
