  * oh god * , i found recording and they actually sung it , not played : [ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=unfx6wwyymq] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=unfx6wwyymq ), 
  why would they even have this version ? 
  i expect that he will have significantly less influence at this position than any other he had before ... 
  was n't it north korean ? 
  i actually did n't know much about how is it this area these days , so i decided to play safe . 
  there are areas in europe where you do n't want to try speaking languages that were previously in use ... 
  i 've tried to speak english with few people in cafe 's and shops and as an answer often got `` was ? '', 
  ( what ? 
  ) , have n't tried anything but german since then . 
  and no , my english is not terrible to point of them not understanding me but then , it was about 8 years ago , so yeah , probably changed a bit since then , 
  or it could have been re-purposed to other types of nuclear power plants and other uses , russians have been researching in this area and have promising results, 
  not speaking german in south tyrol in italy would annoy them too, 
  this was a big news and we all have quietly celebrated this, 
  some journalist asked specifically about jews and she just confirmed, 
  that 's where conventional projectile weapons and artillery will shred everything . 
  koalitsiya-sv rate of fire is 16 rounds per minute , load of 60-70 rounds and they can reload this 70 rounds quite quickly with automatic reloading tracks ... every tank can fire aa rounds too ... and worst case scenario they 'll use tactical nukes , they 'll fry any drones if not by direct hit , then by emi, 
  some open software is also supported and provided by companies like google , intel etc, 
  so you would nuke country with world class anti-air defense systems ? ... 
  question about french-israelis could also been a provocation for this exact purpose ... 
  that 's very hard to find out , really really hard . 
  do we take any software ? 
  or usable and non-duplicate by functionality or purpose ? 
  not all software made equal , literally , windows biggest problem is that absolute majority software dies out . 
  something that everyone used 10 years ago is dead today , while on linux it 's not such a big problem as a lot of software is made and supported open community, 
  * most gui software, 
  war is always about money , one way or the other, 
  probably because it 's state government and using us web based services such as google drive and microsoft office 365 is not an option , at all otherwise it would 've been a really short talk , google office in m\u00fcnchen would 've been happy to provide all necessary support , microsoft probably too . 
  web based applications would have been a great alternative to moving to windows , but there 's just no existing web based solutions for office/openoffice/libreoffice that can be used in non-internet environment =\\ simpler software could be implemented as web based solution though , and for fraction of proposed costs . 
   everyone accepts $ $ $ this would be not a case in future though , if for example china will decide it does n't worth continue working for export , and turn production for internal use, 
  dumbest decision ever , germany nuclear plants had been engineered with a lot of fail-safe mechanisms . 
  and then political decision was made , which completely discreditated german engineers and specialists , they practically said to them : do n't know what 's there and how it works , but you have done poor job, 
  and it was not noticed by any int agency but ukraine, 
  practically speaking right now it 's cheaper to live 60km + from m\u00fcnchen on direct train line : 1 . 
  you get transport cost returned , further away , more returned to point when you get more then you paid for transport 2 . 
  everything is significantly cheaper 3 . 
  only about 5-20 minutes more travel time, 
  minimal wage is federal , not per land or city . 
  and m\u00fcnchen with surrounding area is freaking expensive , min wage is not enough to live here , two is just above what you need =\\, 
  it would have to be organized by city , otherwise prices are often outside of normal peoples purchase/rent-ability =\\ though right now they are [ building some housing in freiham ] ( https://www.muenchen.de/rathaus/stadtverwaltung/referat-fuer-stadtplanung-und-bauordnung/projekte/freiham/wohnen.html ) which hopefully would be accessible enough, 
  yeah , let 's all expect companies to voluntarily raise salaries xd some companies are impossible to pursue to rise salaries ... 
  unfortunately `` lowering value-added tax '' wo n't lower our rent , which in places like m\u00fcnchen can take up to 70 % of salary for some people if the live in m\u00fcnchen and not somewhere in nuremberg ( that 's 150km from m\u00fcnchen , i know some people who live there and travel to work in m\u00fcnchen ) . 
  so yeah , that would be unpopular , very . 
  is n't it result of decentralization they started in 2008 ? 
  though they sometimes have a really good deals with german manufacturers , not only food but other house related items . 
  i 've managed to get myself few really good screw drivers that serve me well for last 6 years ( assembled 2 ikea kitchens and 2 bedrooms ) , not a dent yet . 
   e.u. 
  may even include the u.s. on a register of tax havens they are still trying to patch broken tax system that is overdue for overhaul ... 
  there 's no way to define legality of such thing as war because legality is nothing without prosecution , and we know well that not all * illegal * wars have been prosecuted ... 
  thanks for information . 
  all in all it does look shitty for `` international community '' as i do n't see how their interventions have improved anything ... 
  but but , us have shown us that there 's no such thing as internal affair as long as it 's us allies !, 
  i mean , it was n't an internal affair in laos , vietnam , iraq , libya and kosovo , right ? 
  derp , i 've confused hungary with slovakia, 
  interesting , what 's origin of czech , polish , belarus , ukrainian , slovak ~ ~ and hungarian ~ ~ version ? 
  they definitely have same origin . 
  edit : confused hungary with slovakia, 
  not to mention that new government is a result of coup and unrepresentative elections . 
  and yet it 's crimea referendum that is only illegitimate there . 
  and worst of all for me is that germany have taken active role in that shit , steinmeier be damned . 
  decided to take action in wrong place in wrong time, 
  why should n't it be considered as state `` cyber attack '' on citizens of european union ? 
  term of `` cyber attack '' is very broad these days , it 's fits very well within as of right now !, 
  while message is valid and clear , violence should stop and order restored , i can not ignore fact that us themselves are directly supporting actions that led and still leading to deaths and injuries of thousands of people worldwide . 
  i think europe is a bit more progressive in basic education . 
  for example pupil-teacher ratio in european union is average 13.55 while it 's 14.29 in us . 
  though list of lowest ratio in eu is : * liechtenstein 7.84 * sweden 9.27 * luxembourg 9.29 * denmark 9.93 and surprisingly finland 13.67 , ireland 15.57 and netherlands 18.36 , which probably is reason for weird average, 
  majority of people in russia own their flats , they do n't rent that much, 
  it have been used by us since 20th century ...  after the korean war , the eisenhower and kennedy administrations embraced covert war as a major part of u.s. foreign policy . 
  they both very much saw covert war as a means to advance aims without having to pay the price in public opinion . 
  yeap , that escalated quickly, 
  his death was n't even a big event for austria , no one cared . 
  emperor franz josef himself expressed relief over the assassination because it rid him of an heir whom he deeply disliked . 
  he commented : god will not be mocked . 
  a higher power had put back the order i could n't maintain . 
  pfff ha , they have taken this as a reason to invade . 
  they have n't expected russia to respect their defense treaty with serbia though , and from there all other kind of treaties have triggered all over the world ... 
  ah hans litten , was lawyer of my grandgrandfather in felseneck trial . 
  have n't helped that much though ... 
  have finland impaled itself on a sword ? ... 
  how have they even done that ? 
  walked to workstation with vote results , logged in to default account without password and edited txt file with results ? 
  radical antifaschismus, 
  in germany parental leave is shared between both parents and it 's up to them how they divide it, 
  what about handicapped toilet ? 
  these are often joined . 
  maybe it have done it well enough for them not to care that much anymore ? 
  have you seen russian babushka ? 
  it is not rare for woman to be a head of family in everything in eastern europe . 
  i heard it was also not that rare for women to handle husbands salary . 
  would n't they think that 's canadian and leave person alone as least possible threat ? 
  ( unless it 's justin bieber ) unless it 's moroccan that is ... 
  take bit wider spectrum , better than this kind of misrepresentation . 
  coloring graduation makes it unproportional . 
  should 've taken color range with 0-100 % , rather than 57.5-62 %, 
  it kind of is , it 's perception of one of european countries of dangers to it 's citizens if they would travel to this places . 
  because danger level might depend what citizenship and nationality person is holding . 
  for example traveling to iran for us citizen and russian citizen will yield different danger levels . 
  while traveling to mexico will probably yield same ( just example , no idea if it 's factually true with mexico ), 
  because it 's part of society evolution : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qsbt5eqt348, 
  of course , let 's just get our brave eu army ... oh yeah , eu does n't have military , we 're using nato for that !,
