  that is a absurd . 
  yes , it might be a bit of damage limitation and beginning of `` blame game '' , as it is put . 
  but it was tsipras in the end who left and who is now for his own reasons trying to rally the greek people against ... well , no idea really what his optimal scenario is now . 
  and you can think of sch\u00e4uble and the german government 's position what you want , but when the day was over , there were 18 finance ministers giving the euro group chairman standing ovations when he came back from his press conference where he announced the failure of negotiations ( well not , wolfgang but that has other reasons ) . 
  18 finance ministers whose governments all absolutely wanted to keep greece in the euro zone . 
  i 'm not really impartial , but that just does n't happen . 
  but it did . 
  and if i had to guess , i would blame the communist . 
  thanks for that . 
  but i was not sarcastic . 
  it is now likely that there wo n't be a deal with the creditors , which means no more liquidity assistance from the central bank , which means that the banks are actually bankrupt and will be nationalized . 
  then it will be a decision of your government how much of your money , in whatever denomination you get back . 
  it 's not a mean spirited opinion i am trying to sell here . 
  that is what technically will have to happen ( if there is no last minute deal ) . 
   theoreticians from uni who are experimenting with peoples ' lives after tsipras announced the referendum i got the feeling that this was their goal from the start . 
  especially after the troika published what was on the table . 
  maybe they want to transform greece into something else and the eu just stands in the way . 
  damn , sorry man , but your comment might be the most depressing thing i read all week . 
  it is mostly too late now , but if you in anyway still can , take as much money out of the bank as you can !, 
  holy hell ... 
  some of our best civil servants are furries !, 
  it is a bit strange really . 
  there are no moderately critical voices when it comes to refugees . 
  the only people you hear are the right wing nut cases . 
  the moderates are probably too afraid to be called nationalistic . 
  then came syriza . . 
  ( pardon my french . ), 
  * le penis / r/europe d\u00e9serves *, 
  swedish pop music got pretty big at that time . 
  maybe that drove some danes over the edge . . 
  what 's next , courts making decisions about how i can use my tape deck ? 
  nothing wrong with it . 
  just inefficient , but sure , why not . 
  my french is n't on old-mumbling professor level anymore . 
  can someone give a few bullet points of the interview ? 
  merci beaucoup !, 
  a wall you say ... 
  actually the legal situation concerned here is anything but clear , with different interpretations of existing laws that were originally not made for that context . 
  the most recent decisions by courts say , that in encrypted wlans ( meaning you get the key inside the establishment ) the provider of the wlan is not liable if he told the user that the user is n't allowed to do illegal things . 
  it 's not perfect , but the court system in germany usually gets to a realistic position on such matters sooner or later . 
  tanks don t need ladders !, 
  yeeeees !, 
  bring us all your island-monies !, 
  indeed . 
  my ( german ) thought process : `` really ? 
  28 years ? 
  this ca n't be right '' * reading article * well , it makes sense . 
  . . or space eu as we will call it !, 
  i want 5 euro coins . 
  i miss the 5 mark one . 
  also it would be good idea money laundering-wise if we replaced the 500 euro bill with 10kg bar of lead with a few security marks on it . 
  the economic world is divided on that . 
  some say it would be best to remove all euro coins from circulation . 
  and bills . 
  and euro deposits . 
  so ... cesar : ae brutus : lmao * sta bs *, 
  i always thought that would be an oxymoron . 
  but i did n't take the morons who think that way into account . 
  well , eu treated them good enough nowadays , so they all became eu members !, 
  i would n't read too much into it . 
  her are the results in the exact question asked : http://www.pewglobal.org/2015/06/10/nato-publics-blame-russia-for-ukrainian-crisis-but-reluctant-to-provide-military-aid/russia-ukraine-report-46/ of course nobody wants to think about having to go to war in our peaceful times . 
  but when push comes to shove and when people here really think about what not defending a nato ally means , everyone ( apart from the far left maybe ) would come around . 
  i wanted to call it ballistic early extermination rocket :(, 
  euromonies for the euro throne !, 
  that would be ... unexpected !, 
   demolish your banks * let finance-nature run its course, 
  we should establish some kind of european corruption inquisition !, 
  i saw an interview with a pretty self satisfied bavarian local politician , who talked about the beautiful weather for the summit and the water cannons from the sky ( because the thunderstorms in the evening dispersed the protesters ) . 
  awwwwwww , 
  fuck them indeed . 
  but only to a certain point . 
  whatever happens , they are more or less our neighbors and we buy stuff from them . 
  we have to have some kind of relationship with them , and preferably one were the next step in the negative direction does n't involve tanks . 
  well , if you are educated in economics , you might come to more nuanced but not necessarily different conclusion . 
  but there is n't only the economic and maybe foreign/geopolitical side to the issue . 
  at the end of the day home country and inner eu politics dictate what is possible , meaning whatever solution for the greek crisis you come up with , you have to sell it to your own electorate ( whose feelings in germany are pretty well described by op ) and the other eu members ( who undertook painful reforms themselves and who will have to do it again if or rather when they fuck up economic policy wise in the future ), 
  they will become even more of a nuisance and take up space in politics discussion and time of foreign politics politicians . 
  and they need all the time possible to develop our glorious us of e !, 
  another important step in russia 's geopolitical strategy : annoying the world into taking them seriously !, 
  if erdogan does n't slay some kind of interstellar dragon and does n't visit mars at least once during his next term , i will begin to seriously doubt him !, 
  `` someone was mean to me !, 
  let me stay with you forever pls ! '', 
  someone should explain to them that shooting yourself in the foot is not a good reaction to being bitchslapped . 
  poland . 
  what are you on about ? 
  economic projections are unreliable under the best of stable conditions . 
  if the organization producing them has a ( clearly stated ) political agenda ( a less integrated , `` open '' europe ) , of course their own models in their own studies will support their point . 
  and here , they are making projections about the biggest political and economical unraveling since the war . 
  dude , citing an organization whose political goal is to say what they say is not really helpful . 
  silly belgians and frenchies . 
  everybody knows that the fried potato was inventend by the german student thomas fritz ( born 1843 ) . 
  the recipe was stolen by the french grenad\u00e9e pommef de gasson in 1870 during the german-french war . 
  that 's why they were originally called pommes fritz !, 
  wake up sheeple !, 
  i agree . 
  the economic integration of the us and europe is a fact . 
  so i think having a trade governance treaty that is problematic in some details is better than having none at all . 
  well , thanks to the invasion happy americans , we know that for every euro you spend , trying to shape an arab country 's politics , you will pay 1000 to control the mess that follows . 
  happens to some extent in german inner city schools as well . 
  the swedes have esc professors ?
