  for which france got revenge by forcing the currency union on germany . 
  for which germany got revenge by profiting from the currency union , probably more than anyone else . 
  for which france will get revenge by electing lepen and fucking up germany 's eu . 
  islamic terrorism , neo-nazi hooligan gangs , arab mass rapes and sure , why not revive the raf ? 
  i think i 'm going to stay home this year . 
  what if we agree with the idea of rolling back russian influence ? 
  can we stay friends with the us then ? 
  why ? 
  it 's not like she is doing much here . 
  i do n't get why you are being downvoted . 
  you describe a political dilemma a lot of germans find themselves in , after cdu went full left center . 
  if not afd , what else is there ? 
  there is a big lobby for cheap gas and and billions earned from trade . 
  economic sanctions against an at least somewhat important country will never be popular . 
  especially when the public begins to forget the misdeeds this country had committed . 
  sadly , the way the oil and gas market is going they do n't have money for transponders . 
  on the bright side , they wo n't have money for jet fuel for much longer , too !, 
  i know !, 
  also it could one day power space ships . 
  and it shows that large , publicly funded research projects can be a success ( or at least get started somewhat on time ) . 
  suck it greens !, 
  nuclear things are happening in this can and nobody will return it to the shop !, 
  [ world savings day . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/world_savings_day ) where we teach our young not to spend the fruit of our w\u00f6rk , but to put it in the the bank . 
  or rosenmontag during carnival . 
  `` if you accept low framerates , the terrorists win . '', 
  space going rockets . 
  they were originally london going rockets though . 
  heh , by now the russian military is totally logistical dependant on the aid industry . 
  let the white lorries roll !, 
  eh , we were in eastern europe before it was cool . 
  sure , but the creditor would demand very high interest , as such an investment would be pretty much ... russian roulette . 
  thanks for the write-up !, 
  exhaust as in cooling the plasma down ? 
  never thought about that , after all the effort that goes into heating and confinement . 
  do n't ask about he reactor 's exhaust though !, 
  we killed an elephant ?!, 
  * now * i 'm depressed . . 
  give it a few years and the rebels will have icbms . . 
  that better be jan b\u00f6hmermann from the original joke trying to do something . . ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=afl9wfgje0m ), 
  that 's why we should have kept nuclear power . 
  give self righteous morons something to protest . 
  damn , ca n't we renovate a few train stations ? 
  maybe we can merge with switzerland , northern italy and parts of austria to form conservative economic alpenfestung ... or something, 
  can schwaben come too ? 
  we get rid of the greens , we promise . 
  damn , 16 dead in one autumn storm . 
  that is unusual , is n't it ? 
  i think if you break down with a caravan on the motorway you can apply for asylum to get help from the motorists club . 
  not entirely sure though . . 
  well , that very much depends where you work . 
  in my former office even the germans spoke english . 
  how much centi-euros are that ? 
  the stern still exists ? 
  so ... one could say you were looking for freedom ? 
   like most german politicians today , petry observes the national moratorium on charisma sick new yorker burn . 
  not at all untrue . 
  good thing there are now enough darker skinned people available to play black pete !, 
  ah great , the worst of both worlds : saying loudly they wo n't help , which may very well push db over the edge , after which they will have to intervene anyway to not trigger another banking system crisis . 
  bravo !, 
  well , the number of xeno targets has increased massively . . 
  that 's a strangely oxymoronic nationality . 
  like a congolese luxemburger . 
  cheers !, 
  why ? 
  do you have a lot of infidel customers ? 
  just kidding . 
  well , given parcels within the eu ( heh , where the uk still is for the moment ) are not screened in any way ... good to know i can order a nice sword if i feel like it !, 
  damn , i thought knifes like that were made illegal some time ago . 
  oh well , incidentally it seems you can get guns on the dark net , in case the daily axe/knife attacks are our live now . 
  one of the three is different . 
  for the moment anyway . 
  what the hell ... where do you even get a knife like that ? 
  it borders on the hilarious that a popular democratically elected president would have to be disposed of by the military in order to preserve democracy . 
  well , in such a situation , maybe democracy was the wrong form of government for these folks in the first place . 
  interesting way of looking at it . 
  who said this ? 
  death by ~ ~ cop ~ ~ world police ? 
  productivity can increase only so much over time . 
  especially in countries like germany manufacturing is already pretty automated . 
  we will see whether robotics , ai and process innovation will do in the next 30 years , but if we get about percent per year we can count ourselves lucky . 
  the only solution will be more people working more . 
  do n't call us nazis . 
  you would n't like us when we are nazi . 
  huh , a protest because `` not enough migrants '' . 
  who would have thought ? 
  heh , airliner subsidies will be one of the predetermined breaking points in us-eu trade relations when der donald gets into office . 
  they outlawed sites that sell vpn for private use . 
  so you can still get a vpn , as long as you have a vpn !, 
  i hear they will start an initiative to have the library of tripolis hide their books on swimming !, 
  i honestly have no idea . 
  maybe they position themselves as `` the new berlin '' or how berlin used to be . 
  still annoying to pay 700 $ for a 8,3 m \u00b2 room , though . 
  indeed . 
  if you have any kind of real estate in the current boom-towns ( frankfurt , munich , berlin , leipzig ) you are a happy person today . 
  if on the other hand you are looking to rent , especially with a family you better make more than 250k a year . 
  actual firewalls are best firewalls !, 
  cough cough linksgr\u00fcnversifft cough cough, 
  when they are starting to redo elections , maybe they could vote on brexit again as well ... you know . . while they are at it, 
  the parliament is hung !,
