  and i fear that a lot of greeks do n't quite know , how painful this alternative could turn out . 
  oh , i heard about that show . 
  is it any good ( the new episodes ) . 
  for a former uk residing german ? 
  ah , you will just be tied with germany at the end of the year and then loose the penalty growth . 
  i completely agree with you . 
  on the state propaganda/sensationalist sources and on noam chomsky . 
  yes he advocated for everyone just forgetting about the debt . 
  just like he is now . 
  understandable . 
  not even absurd economics-wise . 
  but politically impossible , from the eu perspective . 
  and probably unwise even for greek , as it would just keep a dysfunctional . 
  anyone want to bet at what point they will threaten to just start the printing presses ? 
  i mean , it would n't really change anything in the big picture , but it would sure be a way to annoy ... 
  it is a quite recent american thing to think about using the central bank in such a way . 
  however , every treaty and founding principle of the ecb is against it . 
  getting a consensus to change that is not really politically feasible ( as most countries would probably rather leave the currency union than trying something like that ) . 
  no , the ecb might stretch what it is allowed to do in order to protect the currency union , but just producing money and sending it to greece to delay insolvency without a lasting solution ? 
  from their perspective it would not make sense . 
  also the ever popular [ jein ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tcv7vn3l3by&amp;t=0m30s ), 
  i do n't think they will have to pressure the ecb much . 
  the current emergency liquidity assistance is stretching the ecb 's mandate to the limit as it is . 
  when eu and imf announce that there will be no new rescue money package , the greek banking system will do the last bit of collapsing it has left to do . 
  the ecb probably could n't stop that , even if they were allowed to ( they are n't allowed to directly finance states ) and willing ( they would n't be , because it does n't lead anywhere ) they probably could not rescue the greek banks anyway ( because who would trust them with their money in a hipeless situation ? ), 
  are n't the polish immigrants in the uk generally considered hard working , well integrated , speak the language and all things considered a big plus for the society ? 
  eh bb u w4nt cyber wit us ? 
  yeah i know . 
  i have no idea how established names in publishing can have a platform like `` comment is free '' , where hundreds or even thousands of moderatly impressive intellectuals can get a the-guardian-stamp on their hardly edited , fringe opinions . 
  dilutes the brand of the paper and in internet times does n't add to the public discussion . 
  that makes me happy . 
  ah , days like these you have to hunt ventilation noobs in the office with a whip !, 
  sounds like you are in some kind of . . ^ ( * puts on sunglasses * ) ice land !, 
  that 's the point is n't it ? 
  it only makes sense if your goal is to default and exit from the euro . 
   in this hour of darkness , greek prime minister alexis tsipras , has found anally among european leaders . 
  wait , is this broken english for saying he has his head up his arse ? 
  yeeees , a government comes to power by promising what is absolutly impossible to deliver and by completely misrepresenting the situation their country is in . 
  then they act in a way which alienates everyone on their continent , display a level of incompetence and self-rightous dickishness in political matters that is unheard in postwar europe . 
  and when they finally managed to back themselves in a corner with their own ridiculous referendum , it is the evil europe who are working on some kind of regime change plot ?!, 
  regime change by not agreeing with you ? 
  the whole situation is a tragedy , but most of what i hear the last few days from that far left is just silly . 
   `` under the new law , anyone who organizes or takes part in an `` unauthorized protest '' could be fined between $ 30,000 and $ 600,000 if the protest takes part ** near institutions ** such as the spanish parliament . 
  can someone who knows spanish law explain what that means ? 
  yes , sure . 
  but how does putting the 18 other governments in a bad light get them closer to their goal ( assuming their goal is to keep the euro ) ? 
  it is a surprisingly fun party !, 
  hangover lasts about half a century though . 
  i fear your future may turn a light shade of communist red . 
  i have sympathy for his position but :  with the power vested upon us by that no , we renegotiate greece 's public debt how does a lead to b in his mind ? 
  everybody knows the greek people do n't like the conditionality that comes with the troika 's money . 
  but supporting that point with a questionable referendum will not change anyone 's position . 
  on the contrary . 
  it will only reinforce the feeling that the syriza government can not be trusted to implement any kind of reform even more . 
  i do n't know anymore if it is political incompetence or malice or some kind of different plot entirely . 
  with these posts , the circlejerk becomes spherejerk . 
  they go off 90 degreees of the usual circlejerk but manage to jerk themself in a whole other dimension . 
  with international supporters like these , syriza does n't really need critics . 
  probably one of the critics of continuing transfers to greece within cdu/csu . 
  the comments are either unhelpful stupidity or part of a strategy of calculated provocation to make the greeks vote themself out of europe ( also pretty stupid ) . 
  we will see in the next few days . 
  captain look !, 
  they are flying the white ^ ( and blue ) flag !, 
  they must be out of money and ready to give up !, 
  on the first day yes . 
  then you still have the slight problem of having an extreme left government in charge of the printing press . 
  you know how that tends to work out in the long run , yes ? 
  actually , the anthem is the instrumental version . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_union#symbols so no g\u00f6tterfunken for you !, 
  of course no one is going to `` throw greece out '' of the euro . 
  that does n't even make sense . 
  greece will start to produce its own currency because they will have to . 
  what the fuck . 
  maybe ask the question `` what else do they ( the troika ) want ? '', 
  there is a lot to gain on the creditor 's side ( stability in europe , leading to growth , low interest rates for the states , happy voters ) and for greece ( stability , tourism and access to the european market , access to liquidity with much better good conditions and partners who will nudge any government away from too terrible bullshit ) . 
  so , how can it happen , that given both sides should have an enormous interest on reaching a consensus , things went down this way ? 
  after thousand upon thousands of compromises that were reached among the 28 member states of the eu ? 
  did the whole eu suddenly find an `` ideology '' that forces them to make an example of 10 million greeks and give up on the idea of politics as the `` art of what is possible '' ? 
  i try to keep an open mind , but i do n't know anymore . 
  i was asking myself the same question as op . 
  if someone has articles , short biographies or something similar on alexis tsipras , i would love to read them . 
  his english wikipedia page is here : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/alexis_tsipras, 
  as a german i never felt it was greeks vs germans . 
  not for me or anyone i talked to about it ( politically interested , educated in economics or not ) . 
  papers where all leaning in their political direction , but never unfairly so or factually wrong . 
  i feel it is more a sense of complete bafflement that no political consensus was reached so far . 
  fun fact : he named his son ernesto ( middle name ) . 
  after che guevara . 
  hope he does n't dream of his son becoming a leftist revolutionary , because he could n't . 
  ( because ... he actually can . 
  and that would explain a lot ), 
  wait for it ... greece decided `` 2 '' !, 
  that means double or nothing !, 
  that would at least make sense !, 
  * sigh *, 
  sorry ... what happend ? 
  i agree . 
  but what is left now to do at the eu side ? 
  you do n't have a partner to negotiate with anymore . 
  now you have to do some strange public opinion contest with the people of a country , more or less against it elected government .
