it 's called `` gute stute '' im gallusviertel . 
  nice place . 
  actual conversation in a dive bar in frankfurt earlier tonight : person a ( elder , expensive suit , quite drunk ) : god damn it . 
  just give damn israel back to the muslims . 
  person b ( thirties , wearing tie even while getting drunk ) : israel ? 
  what does that have to do with the topic [ of the conversation , the refugee crises ] ? . 
  person a : is n't that why the mohammed freaks come ? 
  becuase they ca n't live in israel ? 
  person b : i do n't think so . 
  but displacing one group of people instead of another one , how would that help ? 
  person a : oh please , with their money , their nobel prizes and their start-up culture , the jews would be integrated in no time !, 
  and even if that does n't work out , we kept the camps , like bergen-belsen . 
  so we have a way of dealing with it . 
  person b : the holocaust memorial bergen-belsen ? 
  person a : yes , `` memorial '' [ actual air quotes ] . 
  person b : oh god . 
  please note that this is draft from the traditionally more law-and-order minded ministry of the interior , which is at the moment under cdu ( center-conservative ) leadership . 
  nothing like that will be passed by the current cdu-spd ( center conservative - center left ) government . 
  unless things get much worse and `` mainstream '' media acknowledges it to be in fact bad . 
  hungary is a trap !, 
  we could employ the accepted refugees to hunt down the illegal ones !, 
  maybe we get to a balance this way !, 
  damn , i did n't know that . 
  i thought family unification was only for accepted immigrants and not for asylum seekers . 
  that increases the numbers we can expect in the future . 
  i guess everyone in the responsible eu institution agreed it is the right thing to do , from an ethics perspective , given that he needs treatment . 
  i 'm sure they also agreed it would be hilarious . 
  i think it is pretty sober , realistic and balanced view on things in the eu . 
  i also agree very much with what she says about the uk referendum . 
  there may very well be a very bright side to it , in the sense that the eu is brought to a point where it really is willing to let the uk go . 
  that could very well create the political climate in which a real commitment to the eu can develop on the island . 
  where the eu can be seen not as something that somehow just happened to the uk , but something that has great benefits and an attractive vision . 
  something that just makes sense . 
  `` exposed '', 
  ~ ~  ~ ~ strike through arrow on reddit, 
  after some asylum seeker infighting escalated in a refugee home in germany last week ( africans vs. balkan over religious matters ) a helpful left-wing politician suggested to keep the different ethnic groups apart from each other in the future . 
  an amused commentator then asked if it follows that they should be kept apart from germans as an ethnic group as well . 
  spain is one of * the * nicest country to die in , due to drunken festival related causes . 
  i 'm thinking of having a go at dying there myself in late summer !, 
  now , lets not be silly here . 
  german forces may not be capable of meaningful power projection ( because they are more or less meant not to ) but there are still a few hundred thousand tons of armor , bombs and nukes between berlin and moscow . 
  i agree , and it is and always be a useful and worthwhile discussion in a union or federation of any level of integration . 
  but it is just that , a discussion , as in part of the day to day politics . 
  nobody is `` stamped on '' unfairly . 
  yeah ... right . 
  here is an idea , maybe do n't be a member of union if you are concerned with sovereignty of your country , as membership will mean loss of some sovereignty . 
  this is n't the un . 
  it will take a very long time and a lot of persuasion for the german public to accept a larger military and a more active military role ( whatever that might mean ) in the world . 
  but i think polish politicians would have the best chance of being heard on that matter . 
  and throw some j\u00e4gerbombs !, 
  it is something that is often forgotten in certain economic perspectives on the german economy , especially with regard to the euro . 
  germany would be well served with policies that somewhat increase consumption . 
  however , germany 's exports certainly are not the root of economic problems in europe . 
  they do n't help , but that is beside the point , as there is a whole world of economies which are competitive and would export the same products when germany magically just stopped exporting to its neighbors . 
  but think of all the eurominies for structural development that could send finland 's way . 
  the current policies of a regional power trying to play superpower is bad for russia and bad for the rest of the world . 
  nobody wants a country that heavily armed and that important to development in eurasia to sink into chaos . 
  but how to get out of the dead end of political development they are in now ? 
  i do n't know . 
  maybe things have to get worse before they get better . 
  having know how in hypersonic flight might be strategically important in the future . 
  having the civilian part of airbus or boeing do some of the work might make it easier to justify politically to sink a few billions into it . 
  and who knows , if they find a way to keep it about as loud as normal planes over land , there may even be a market for it , with rich people being rich and all . 
   military olympics this is wrong on so many levels . 
  says one talented russian scientists to the fsb : `` sure , i will live in the west , have a career , earn a lot of money and have a good life ... all because i am your spy . 
  anyway , bye ! '', 
  idiotic political posturing from a provincial politician . 
  but hey , on the other hand a bit of regulation may do this kind of big internet corporations some good . 
  i tend to agree . 
  the concept does n't make any sense and there is just too much bullshit in the same avenue of `` inventor makes world overturning discovery in his garage '' . 
  but who knows , as far as these , eventually fictional , stories go , this is one of the best in decades !, 
  it is ? 
  in germany it ( gypsie/zigeuner ) is close in non-correctness to negrow ( neger ) . 
  the organizations of roma make a point of that . 
  it can of course be different in the anglosphere . 
  edit : ah , it is not [ unproblematic ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/names_of_the_romani_people#gypsy_and_gipsy ) , but much less so than in germany ( you know ... with our grandparents gassing a lot of people under the indiscriminate term ), 
  how dare you suggest anglo-capitalist policies lead to gdp growth !, 
  it 's like ww1 all over again !, 
  if the french mobilize to get to the swiss gold , germany , italy and austria will mobilize as well !, 
  and when annexing is done the russian will be there too probably !, 
  at least they concluded to stop spending some money they do n't have before they lost even more money they do n't have . 
  like when you meet a drunken russian mobster in a bar and he complains to you that you are sooo dependent on your job , laws and the police . 
  gypsies ? 
  really ? 
  we are going to use that word ? 
  hint : bofinger is the 1/5 of that mostly wise men and women connection which is put there by the union 's union of germany . 
  just if someone wonders why he is now and almost always of a different opinion than the rest . 
  thank god you are pretty . 
  that will just give the eu bureaucratic cancer an avenue of attack into north america !, 
  i 'm not worried . 
  they will have correctly bent bananas in no time !, 
  i tried to make a realistic survey , but then they passed the stalking law and now i pull numbers out of my ass like 76 % of infographics on the internet . 
   get german citizenship really easily wat ? 
  the process is the same for everybody and takes at least 8 years . 
  are you thinking about a `` aufenthaltserlaubnis '' ( permit to stay ) ? 
  yes !, 
  that 's where all the people from zimbabwe will live !, 
  they will show draghi how to get these inflation numbers up !, 
  wow . 
  we could build another hannover next to hannover and fill it with asylum seekers .
