  but even the most technical minded economists generally agree , that burning down capital is a bad move . 
  oh , we had those guys over in frankfurt a few weeks ago . 
  they are like the intellectually challenged brotherhood of the traveling car fire . 
  i mean , if the things you violently oppose are pretty buildings and the expo , maybe the world is n't so bad up after all, 
  \u2610 what about \u2610 everybody does the same \u2611 western media was invented to lie about russia, 
  we send help to greece and look how happy that made everyone . 
  schindler 's sql query, 
   hah yeah right . 
  if there 's one thing merkel knows how to do it 's shifting blame . 
  she never takes blame for anything the government does but seems to get all the credit . 
  not that i am her biggest fan , but that is to some extent being effective in politics . 
  it might not be always pretty , but it is a working system  the women has no ideals , no real opinion on anything , all she cares about is public opinion and she 's a fucking genius at keeping it high . 
  i would n't say she has no opinion or ideals . 
  but i think you are right that her sense of what matters to public opinion has kept her in power so safely and so long . 
  but here we have the extremely unstable political element , the work of the intelligence agencies . 
  and it is leveraged by the interests of the german industry . 
  it will be very interesting how this works out !, 
  do n't get me wrong , i think the most likely outcome will be an investigation which wo n't show much and maybe a few bnd guys will lose their jobs . 
  but if it goes higher up than that , if demezi\u00e8re has to resign the political fallout could be quite considerable . 
  so far , in the whole affair since snowden came forward , all tangible damage ( if you can call it that ) was to principles and public opinion . 
  but if german industry gets the feeling that their business interests are n't protected anymore , the whole thing might take an altogether different dynamic . 
  if there is evidence that german businesses were negatively affected by bnd spying and the chancellor 's office knew about it , that might get big . 
  damn lizard people stole it !, 
  indeed . 
  no , our * central * bankers are the pure ones . 
  our banking sector players are just as fucked up as everywhere else ( a bit above average fucked up when it comes to the state 's banks , with them being close to local politics and their fascinating levels of incompetence ) . 
  24.5 % magic !, 
  we have had free trade in the eu for a few years . 
  the environment has n't disappeared yet . 
  maybe we should stop that . 
  just to be 100 % safe . 
  mercantilism is definitly the future !, 
  great post you wrote/linked . 
  criticising a lack of transparency in a complex negotiation is like criticising football for its lack of voter participation . 
  it is not something that is missing , but something that would not make sense . 
  there absolutly should be a discussion about what people want from a trade deal . 
  but at the moment , what i read is 90 % emotion , a big dose of ignorance and a lot of scaremongering for personal political gain . 
  it is called hungary for a reason !, 
  yeah , do you mean to say our well organized mass murders are somehow bad and/or happened ? 
  that 's racist !, 
  what ever the external circumstances , they will do what every extreme left government in history has ever done : ruin the economy , get isolated from the international community and then die a slow and painful death . 
  poor greece . 
  i like the matter of fact reporting of the economist . 
  after all the heated and emotional reactions russia 's ukraine policies stirred up , maybe when it is all said and done it will be just that : a weak government that tries to paint regional conflict as some kind of global crisis of cold war proportions , in order to justify its position in power . 
  relevant user name ? 
  there is minority of redditors in liberland . 
  we have to protect them . 
  after we 've taken power and restored order , we will organize referendum . 
  we should mass imigrate , overthrow the republic and rename it `` the kingdom of / r/europe '' !, 
  ( gib flair plx ) . 
  we can make our own country !, 
  with bitcoin blackjack !, 
  and hookers !, 
  i think decisions you made at 17 should n't be too much of a factor when you look back at a long and influence life like the one grass lived . 
  him coming clean about it , while being the public figure he was , deserves respect . 
  man the greens are a sad affaire on the federal level at the moment . 
  now that we drive disposal drinking bottles around to depose of them and the nuclear industry is ruined , they are desperately looking for other [ brain farts ] ( http://img.welt.de/img/deutschland/crop127846060/837973764-ci3x2l-w540/parliamentary-floor-leader-of-environmental-greens-party-hofreiter-makes-point-d.jpg ) to rally around . 
  that is a great connection . 
  incase youtube gets blocked or you are afraid of erdowii , erdowooo . . etc. 
  oh wow , that was written by leon de winter !, 
  new version with turkish subtitles  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=349vwbgicuq, 
  take back kebab or we satire you !, 
  finally we have some leverage !, 
  but erdogan 's reaction makes it priceless . 
  btw . 
  there are ** subtitles ** available , if you have them disabled . 
  yeah , i remember the speech the chancellor gave on the telly . 
  it was when i realized nazi history class at school was over and there was a real world out there in which your country has to play a role . 
  even if it has to be the least worst role instead of a good one . 
  while we had it coming , even in nazi culture it was considered a dick move . 
  you think so ? 
  from the dutchies track record , i would guess they will be the only country that gains area when global warming raises the sea levels . 
  single common single market in action !, 
  shhh , international agreements are evil and meant to subjugate the working class and take away our sovereignty , did n't you hear ? 
  maybe we can make a new afrika corps from the refugees . 
  deport two birds with one stone if you will . . 
  shhh , do n't spoil our plan b for a unified europe . 
   we value pride and history over the quality of life and actual human lives . 
  ah the russian mindset . 
  i find that hard to understand . 
  but on the other side , if the majority wants to keep living in the 1950s and in relative poverty with no perspective of a better future , there is hardly anything you can do about it . 
  we had one once , but we exported it . 
  but ... but ... we need more lebensraum to put all the refugees !, 
  rhinel\u00e4nder here , wanted to go to w\u00f6rk , got hit with candy . 
  the russian government must consist of morons . 
  pissing off the german foreign ministry and so many other germans in the ridiculous hope of `` destabilizing '' the country ? 
  and in an age where trust and cooperation makes a country successful . 
  all the while their own economy goes to shit . 
  it would be almost funny if it was n't so sad . 
  i wonder if the refugees have some sort of meme about that . 
  `` escaped to the first world , third world problems '' . 
  did n't the romans grow wine in england ? 
  when you get caught fishing you do n't get to live in rich , western country though . 
  huh , would have thought that `` big aid '' would on day screw us . 
  if they keep being active , it is only a matter of time until one of their commentators will say they are justified because neo nazis and afd . 
  source of home made potato schnaps . 
  france got its revenge in the peace of versailles . 
  for which germany got revenge during the surrender of france in 1940 . 
  for which france got revenge by beating germany into the ground with its allies later and splitting it in two . 
  for which germany got revenge by outgrowing france economically and reuniting in the end .
