  damn . 
  i even liked your song !, 
  so russians , you * think * you are n't part of europe ? 
  think again !, 
  release the drags !, 
  asking the important questions, 
  join the euro and we can talk !, 
  also their song was quite well done and sending a message by having them host the most european ( and gayest ) event in the world would be funny too !, 
  also , plz take more refugees , because we really do n't want to . 
  right ? 
  i mean , it was n't even terrible like some of our entries in the past . 
  but not a single point ... harsh . 
  yeah , thing is , we were n't even painfully bad , but the competition was ... stronk . 
  the golden generation ... no the greatest generation of esc pop music triumphs once more . 
  and france and germany bow their head in well deserved defeat . 
  those russians who watch the esc are probably the more open minded people when it comes to teh evil west . 
  i would have loved if they had won . 
  they deserved it performance wise and it would have served as a reminder that , no matter what the putinstan government says , they are a part of europe . 
  kehrwoche will be enforced throughout the european reich !, 
  if we finish it as long as there is oil left . 
  no way !, 
  i heard wolves are living there now ( which are protected by environmental law ) . 
  everything she touches gets complicated , expensive and ineffective . 
  i hope she becomes chancellor rather sooner than later . 
  then she wo n't design laws , policy measures and tank programs herself anymore . 
  oh how we will wish we get `` do nothing interesting '' - merkel back ten years from now . 
  if we were ever to use them it would sure be a ... pussy riot . 
  you guys sure like your m&m s !, 
  yes it is a trap . 
  the prosperity , peace and being relevant trap we call the eu !, 
  when they deepen integration in a few decades , they can call themselves the united stans of eurasia . 
  led by putinstan of course . 
   czech anarchists planned attacks on railways damn the czechs and their well organized fight for anarchy !, 
  is unfair . 
  truth has well known anti-russian bias . 
  every market has to be regulated . 
  some more than others . 
  problem with international capital markets is the lack of strong international regulatory institutions . 
  i do n't think capital marked regulation will help greece much though . 
  yes , we traditionally approach by land and they by missile . 
  jokes aside , i do n't think public opinion polls are really that insightful during this kind of international conflict . 
  sure , but i 'm not sure it would really change much . 
  when they leave the eu and start printing their own money they will immediately need foreign currency again . 
  and they will get it , because the eu wo n't let the greeks starve in the streets ( when the government ca n't hand out money anymore that is worth something ) . 
  and then we have the exact same discussion again , about the conditionality on the free money . 
  maybe they can hyperinflate themselves out of some domestic economic issues ... but ... well , if history has told us one thing , it is that extreme left wing governments with printing presses is not a thing that leads anywhere . 
  they can least say that they spent everything they had before declaring bankruptcy . 
  might be part of their short term political problem of eliminating the imf from negotiations . 
  the imf is least likely to influenced by political considerations ( like keeping greece in some kind of a sphere of influence of the eu or `` the west '' ) . 
   more democratic i sometimes wonder about that . 
  in germany we have elections for local councils and mayors , state parliaments , federal parliament and for the european parliament . 
  and there are a number of very vocal groups who want to introduce legislation to have more popular votes on specific policies and projects . 
  now , the turnout for the last two european parliament elections were around 40 % . 
  so it means 2/5s of germans decided one 1/8s of all representatives in the eu parliament . 
  quite a strange final outcome of the process . 
  so i feel it might be a better idea to sync up country parliament elections across the eu and have the new country parliaments decide on a ( smaller ) eu parliament a month or so later , and then have them elect a eu executive ( commission members ) with input from the eu council . 
  you would n't directly vote for your eu rep in the parliament anymore . 
  but would n't that in the end , with a much higher turnout at the country/eu election , be actually more democratic ? 
  here is the paper that is referenced in the article : http://sro.sussex.ac.uk/53347/1/transmission_channels_of_systemic_risk_and_contagion_in_the_european_financial_network_final_150215.pdf please note that the findings come from the authors own model and as far as i can tell , it does not model institutional responses to a crisis ( meaning bailouts before one weak bank or state infects others ) . 
  it is n't exactly my area , but from what i understand , the situation of the european banking sector is , while not ideal , much better than it was in 2008 . 
  with other words : i am a dictator and that is a good thing . 
  great . 
  so we begin another round of `` how far does the dictator has to run the country into the ground before he gets murdered/exiled '' ? 
   ideal conditions . 
  if it does n't work here that is a good point actually . 
  he raises a few interesting points . 
  but with him being american , i do n't think he really understands the social consequences of mass immigration in europe . 
  people come to america to become americans . 
  people mainly come to europe to live there . 
  not that it is n't our fault too , with us being often less than welcoming . 
  his argument that it is n't about about allowing people to immigrate , but about denying them to be where they want to be is nice word acrobatics . 
  but it does n't help you when a majority is strongly opposed to a further increase in immigration numbers . 
  generally we prefer to drink our food . 
  now be quiet and go reform your labor market !, 
  interesting . 
  thanks !, 
  is the macedonian government systematically totalitarian ? 
  is n't this more an ethnic conflict , played on the political stage ? 
  wait . . did these euranet guys make a serious polandball video ? 
  polandball can into relevance !, 
  i still have a hard time not laughing at that . 
  who has ever heard of a pro-government motorcycle gang ? 
  i mean , motorcycle gang are probably the same everywhere , but what does that say about that government ? 
  i disagree . 
  i think the quality of the political decision making in germany will suffer if you introduce more means of direct democracy . 
  with the integration of nations in larger communities , policy making has become more complex and alternatives are less clear cut . 
  so it is even more important that representatives and experts , who you have trusted to make decisions , * can * do so within their mandate . 
  adding further complications by having a disinterested public vote on specific matters would only further paralyze the system . 
  it would not be an incentive for better decisions too , but a floodgate for populism and give special interest groups with big megaphones their very own institution . 
  making people interested and making them take part in the political process is a matter of education and media representation . 
  it deserves attention , but changing , with little cause , the foundation of our political system can not be the answer . 
  a system that has served us quite well overall , i might add . 
  please note that it is an editorial piece . 
  i used to read die zeit ( a weekly newspaper ) , a lot . 
  but lately i feel they have a strange left-liberal bias and a know-it-all tone in most of their writing , which i do n't quite know what to make of . 
  this piece may resonate with their readers , but to me it is just removed from reality . 
  also : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/n%c3%b8rrebro#riots, 
  clicked the link to see if they were produced by nokia . 
  they were produced by nokia . 
  you could construct a case where that is true .
