  next year we might get to build a second frankfurt !, 
  fast internet only for stay-at-home mothers . 
  also , internet toll for foreign internet users on our data-autobahn !, 
  no internet for asylum seekers . 
  new it infrastructure will be mainly built around bavaria as to not annoy bavarians with constructions and visible lines/connection-boxes . 
  prost . 
  i still think that at some point in the future we will call the eu `` united kingdom ^ ( of europe ) , just to keep islanders happy . . 
  . . given that we do n't consider their brewed fruit juice beer since 1516 !, 
  when will the eastern european cheese crime stop . . 
  so glad all the hard work of the greek government since january finally paid out !, 
  i certainly do n't support that kind of mass snooping . 
  but with the risk of playing devils advocate : modern strong encryption which is easily available , even to the layman , constitutes a new situation . 
  at every point in history , law enforcement and state protection agencies were able to snoop on people ( with due process ) , by watching physically who they meet with , screening their mail or listening on the phone line . 
  and every complex endeavor , be it organized crime or terrorism , left a paper trail . 
  again , i do n't support the law proposed here or the status quo that seems to exist in absence of more specific laws . 
  but i am thinking about the world in 10 years or so , when all communication and data storage might be fully encrypted and bitcoin has become an accepted way to do business transaction . 
  `` trust me , i am not a terrorist and i payed all my taxes . 
  you can have probable cause all you like , but you will never get the evidence . '', 
  good point . 
  i must admit , i have given up trying to understand greek voter behaviour . 
  where they have burned ~ ~ books ~ ~ cars , they will end in burning ~ ~ human beings ~ ~ rich people . 
  maybe we should send gema to the negotiations . 
  they have decades of experience with people not paying for things !, 
  i think the reports of a disagreement or rift between merkel and ol' austere hotwheels are exaggerated . 
  even if not , he wo n't start a palace revolution over this . 
  i think from his perspective , it simply is n't important enough . 
  certainly not enough to begin a disintegration of the party he served for decades . 
  no , my guess would be , his public critical position is meant to soften the political blow if greek does n't manage implement the measures and leaves the euro after all . 
  so they can say , we are n't the party who failed , but the party who told you so . 
  yeah , i had hopes some time ago that they might become modern centrist party , especially now that trittin and roth are finally gone . 
  but it probably wo n't ever happen . 
  they will just keep being the third left party nobody asked for . 
  the coalition has 504 out of 631 votes . 
  the only way to topple the current government would be for the spd to leave the coalition , which would result in reelection . 
  one in which the spd would suffer greatly . 
  within the cdu , an attack on merkel would make even less sense , as it would be the end of the political career the person who would try it . 
  green party seems a bit desperate on the federal level . 
  exactly . 
  that is why no one wants to give up that lever at this point in time . 
  not because of faint hopes of being ever paid back or short term political points . 
   major powers over the last century two things here . . 
  well , the germans signed in versailles under threat of military invasion . 
  greece signed under threat of not receiving anymore aid money . 
  sure that is n't nice too , but c'mon . 
  you can see inner divisiveness as a weakness , which it certainly is in some respects . 
  but will a system that brought together such diverse peoples and interests into a workable union not be relevant ? 
  i think that even if europe does n't rule the world any time soon , the process of european integration will be the most important political event since the establishment of the modern republic . 
  ok . all i can advise is patience . 
  yeah . 
  there is a reason why economists are n't politicians . 
  do n't worry about it . 
  hey , i 'm annoyed by that whole affair too . 
  whoever 's fault it was . 
  every country has its legitimate interests . 
  the eu does n't change that . 
  but it provides a historically singular new mechanism to deal with these interests and find a compromise and work together . 
  it is certainly not perfect , but is certainly better than sending invasion forces or drones to the weak people you disagree with and economic sanctions to the stronger ones . 
  i for one prefer to die arguing with you guys , than to try solving anything waving flags , building border walls or sending tanks . 
  kevin spacey should play angela merkel . 
  eu to the moooon !, 
  ( well maybe canada ), 
  i would n't worry too much . 
  in all the months where france and germany were united in the negotiations with greece , there were just a few days where it really looked like they had different opinions . 
  i really hope that eu relations with the uk will become closer after their referendum on eu membership . 
  then socialist france can fight anglo-saxon capitalistic uk and germany can broker compromise . 
  the way it is meant to be . 
  well , i disagree . 
  see , if greece can be kept in the eu * even * after all that happens , that strengthens the idea of the eu . 
  if they leave , they were not ready for what eu membership means , and the eu will be stronger without them . 
  true , nationalistic ideas are on the rise in the eu . 
  but if greece has shown us one thing , no matter how it plays out , it is that you have to be an idiot to act politically on your `` i am special and i deserve to be treated differently '' impulse . 
  the kremlin would have invaded greece months ago . 
  ( i assume you are joking ), 
  mildly lopsided grin inducing . 
  indeed . 
  dirty , annoying for any individual to watch , but as far as humanity knows the only way to organize 18 nation states in a close economic union . 
  look at the bigger picture : greece will never repay the debts they have amassed . 
  that was totally clear from the beginning and it is even more clear now . 
  the debt will be written off eventually . 
  but as long as it exists , the eu has a lever to friendly reinforce the idea of reforming greece into a modern european state . 
  the gdp shrinkage is terrible when you look at it in isolation . 
  but the reality is , greece economy is shrinking back to the level where it realistically is . 
  after that , we can merrily continue to bombard it with eu structual aid and when a certain level of socio-political development is done , the debt will fall under the table . 
  donald is a true redditor . 
  hey macedonia , maybe greece will now sell you the name rights to your country !, 
  nope . 
  the deal is still the same . 
  reform your institutions and society , eu will provide friendly whipping via the lever of debt and be the lightning rod for political unhappiness among the people . 
  and after some time , when the greek system is running at least somewhat on its own power , the debt will be silently swept under the rug bit by bit . 
  yeah , that has been the economic common knowledge from the start , from even before the euro was introduced . 
  political reality is annoyingly different . 
  taken together it is as good as it gets . 
  the alternative was and will be for one or every individual nation to live on their own . 
  who knows , maybe that will be the solution in the end . 
  i for one believe the europeans on the whole have better prospects by further integration . 
  even if that means that funny common currency . 
  well , they were n't prepared to leave and now they have agreed to what was basically the idea from the start . 
  is it understandable that they tried to poker for a better deal in terms of free money ? 
  probably . 
  was it bullshit in hindsight ?
