  obviously . 
  eu is about compromising and working together for the common good . 
  in the end , this whole clusterfuck can provide a positive lesson . 
  they are n't a satellite but very much an integrated part of the eu . 
  that means they have to put up with the eu and the eu has to put up with them , whatever this might entail . 
  personally i think it will be to the benefit of everyone involved in the long run . 
  well , join the eurozone and you can participate in our glorious #thisisacoup . 
  ( god , even joking about this whole affair makes me feel sad ), 
  so we shall meet on the field of battle then !, 
  does that mean you will keep buying german weapons ? 
  because we really like it to sell them to you . . 
  greece belongs to the nords !, 
  that might be the point . 
  `` if it is n't possible now , in this extreme situation , then it will not be possible after a new rescue package pumped further billions into greece . '', 
  you realize that `` inflating away national debt '' is the same as taking the money away from the population via taxation in real terms ? 
  it is often just easier because the unpopular decisions are less obvious . 
  you could argue that a weaker currency helps exports , but greece is an import biased economy . 
  this is something i would n't have believed !, 
  but guinness in dublin : always fucking tasty . 
  guinness in irish pubs around the world : mostly unimpressive . 
  nigeria ... you ca n't just call massive , unhealthy spills of bitter black stuff into the environment guinness sales !, 
  ( ireland , you ca n't call your bitter black stuff spills beer sales either ) edit : i love guinness . 
  i only know dublin . 
  pretty city . 
  vibrant economy . 
  st. patrick 's day seems like a national oktoberfest , which i whole heartedly support . 
  never met an irish person i did n't like abroad . 
  i grew up with northern ireland peace process in the news . 
  and it is an inspiration that everyone managed to stop murdering each other , given all that happened . 
  i heard russian soldiers are fleeing from their units , fearing they will be deployed in ukraine . 
  if they flee down the black sea , who knows !, 
  if we now convince isis to sail west from syria we can concentrate all the conflicts in greece !, 
  you are right , i do n't live in greece and i have n't experienced what you and your countrymen are going through . 
  this terrible situation did n't come into existence overnight and by the doings of just a few individuals , and certainly not by something simple like `` thelazygreeks '' . 
  or evil sch\u00e4uble . 
  or the banking conspiracy . 
  i do n't claim to know what the best solution is ( i have an opinion ) . 
  but if you take one thing from it , i hope it will be , that anyone who claims there is a simple , easy and all together fair solution ( including every old person who has to live on a small pension ) is probably lying . 
  sure , but i do n't think acting stupid yourself is a good response to something stupid someone else does . 
  what does `` the tartar is for the dog '' mean ? 
  ( google did n't know ), 
  the sexy french have such a high birth rate . 
  i wish our social system was more geared towards the needs of families instead of pensioners . 
  shhh , no talking of secession !, 
  bavaria might hear you . 
  angela , the king/queen from beyond the wall !, 
  the paper fire that filled the boom of the greek economy since they entered the euro will continue to burn down ( i fear it is n't quite all the way down yet ) . 
  that will happen no matter what . 
  then , you have the optimistic scenario , that greece , with help from the eu ( and the lever of debt/rescue ) will reform their economy and society . 
  or they will take the route of economic , political and probably humanitarian catastrophe and cut their ties to the eu . 
  quite a terrible situation . 
  i hope we get back to the annoying , slow and painful pragmatism of the eu , because it is a hell lot better than what happened in the last six months . 
  quite sad really . 
  it was n't so much a fight they could n't win , but a fight that produces losers all around . 
  the eu , the imf , the european institutions , the tsipras government and most of all the people of greece and their economy . 
  at least there is hope for some reform of the eurozone treaties that allow for an orderly bankruptcy and exit of the euro . 
  not mainly to make it easier to exit the euro , but to have the consequences of certain populist policies clear . 
   . they want us to suffer , to lower our standard of life , to make us lose our jobs , they want to destroy us.at least thats what i see.thats what most people see . 
  do n't you thing that is a bit disingenuous ? 
  for what it 's worth : for me and people i talked to irl , it was always a discussion about what is best for greece and europe . 
  emotionally loaded language and arguments , like `` lazy greeks '' or `` sadistic germans '' has been viewed as unhelpful and attempts to misleadingly simplify a complex situation . 
  it is satire about some members of the media bringing emotional language into , what is at the end of the day an economic and european economic policy debate . 
  i do n't feel it was meant to be leftist . 
  i understand how one can get to that conclusion . 
  interesting . 
  thanks . 
  do you think the greeks were able to get a realistic picture of what to expect from voting yes oder no ? 
  in such a media environment ? 
  releasing people to hunt them down . . man , the french special forces went to the ramsey bolton academy of prisoner management at / r/dreadfort ... 
  quite insightful article . 
  here is another one by the same author and an interview with him ( both in english ! ), 
  http://www.theglobalist.com/missed-opportunities-the-political-culture-of-greece-since-1974/ http://greece.greekreporter.com/2015/02/25/german-historian-rich-greeks-evade-taxes-since-1830/, 
   lies , terrorizing , misinformation , genuinely interested . 
  what did they say ? 
  apart from the potential dickishness involved on behalf of our beloved industry behemoths , did n't someone fly a * solar powered * electric plane halfway around the world , over the course of several days ? 
  who gives a fuck about flying whatever vehicle over a body of water , that is narrow enough to build a fucking tunnel under it ? 
  i ca n't comment on your individual situation . 
  but i would n't worry too much about the whole `` europe in crisis '' angle . 
  greece is an extreme case , where a lot of things beyond anyones ' control today come together to create the clusterfuck we see at the moment . 
  but if europeans will learn one thing from that , i trust it will be that , while new solutions may be needed , the self righteous radicals , left and right , do n't have them . 
  and as someone else pointed out : if berlusconi did n't mange to bankrupt italy , beppe grillo wo n't either ( and his party is tame compared the cesspool that syriza seems to be ) . 
   special forces in mali killed an al-qaeda commander who had been released from prison in a swap for a french hostage . 
  ah . . that is one way of doing things ... 
  i suppose . 
  gr-isis the fear that a bankrupt greece ca n't protect its borders and becomes a breeding ground for terrorists in europe ? 
  ah , finance industry taxation . . a wonderfully complex topic , which is absolutly impossible to implement politically in any useful way . 
  man , there are some pissed of meps . 
  adressing the parliament seems to go on the list of tsipras ' miscalculations . . 
  ... what . . how ... why ... . . oh god , i need a beer . 
  do n't forget about the preassure by france to construct a monetary union ... 
  in the german central bank an was hardly a handful of euro supporters . . 
  it is the only real lever there is and if greek governments have proven one thing , then it is that they will not change on their own . 
  as i said , that is perfectly fine for a proud sovereign nation . 
  but do n't count on other peoples to support that financially . 
  ups , cut off the sentence there . 
  if you think the traditional greek system with extreme cronyism , absurd levels of tax avoidance , no public finance discipline and consequently a state that is in bankruptcy half of the time and steals its peoples money via inflation the rest of the time , is a good thing . 
  or that you can get out of that mess without the help of europe , by all means , go for it . 
  that is what will happen after a oxi vote probably anyway . 
  as i said , it makes a certain amount of sense economically . 
  but i think it is brutal and dangerous experiment , socially and politically .
