not that i know of . 
  one of the largest operators did supposedly run out of ipv4 addresses a while back , so they had to switch to nat which can cause problems with some p2p applications ( no incoming connections ) . 
  in finland they are n't . 
  you are correct , i was looking at the wrong axis . 
   we will see how it evens out ( supply and demand ) yeah , it 's of course more complex than that ( and different goods will be affected differently ) , but claiming `` we will be ok because the industries are subsidized anyway '' is just ignorant . 
   but i think russians will receive the shorter end of the stick . 
  i agree . 
  yeah , but it 's not totally insignificant either . 
  in 2013 , agricultural exports ( not sure if this includes the processed goods you linked ) from eu to russia totaled some 120 billion euros ( [ source ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/agriculture/trade-analysis/map/2014-1_en.pdf ) ) . 
  and i would assume there are large differences between specific sub-industries as well , with some being more dependent on the russian market . 
   if they stop importing , they 'll pay higher prices for their food and we and the rest of our trade partners will pay lower prices . 
  yes , the decreasing demand will drive prices down , which means our farmers will make less money and need more subsidies to say profitable . 
  which is exactly what russia is aiming for with these sanctions . 
   it does n't really matter where they come from , the subsidies stay the same ( that was / u/xdey 's point ) . 
  any massive loss that would be caused by russian sanctions is cushioned by an eu subsidy safety net . 
  oh , honey ... russia 's aim is not to target some poor individual farmers with their sanctions , but the countries who have imposed restrictions on russia . 
  subsidies are totally irrelevant to this discussion . 
  yeaaah ... that 's not how it works at all . 
  subsidy money does n't just grow on trees . 
  it comes from the tax payers , who will ultimately end up paying for these sanctions . 
   the eu ( and the us as well ) heavily subsidises agriculture how exactly is that relevant ? 
  wait ... you have to pay if someone sends you an sms ? 
  i 'm surprised consuming air for breathing is still free of charge over yonder . 
  liar . 
  rather tasteless . 
   no one should learn to speak swedish , it 's a waste of time . 
  i wish somebody would tell that to the fucknuts in our parliament . 
  i think that only applies to anti-personnel mines , no ? 
  what does the name even matter ? 
  it 's not like anybody is basing their voting decision on some foreign translation of a party name . 
   describes the party 's modus operandi perfectly . 
  yes , just as trying to use something as trivial as this to discredit them describes the modus operandi of you and most other vocal opponents of the party perfectly . 
  one of those brutal tornadoes recently ravaged the finnish capital . 
  [ some pictures of the aftermath ] ( http://www2.nyt.fi/20131029-20-kuvaa-naeyttaevaet-syysmyrskyn-hurjat-jaeljet-helsingissae/ ) ( warning : may be disturbing for some viewers ) . 
  pathetic . 
  i 'm so gon na go there next year . 
  laughed out loud at that part , 
  [ i 've got something to putin you !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=htn6du3mcgi ), 
  if that 's a big mac , then what do you call a quarter pounder ? 
  a finnish and a japanese company decided to organise an annual rowing competition with teams of 8 . 
  both teams practised long and hard , until the day of the competition finally arrived . 
  despite the finnish team 's extensive preparations , the japanese won easily with a margin of one kilometre . 
  the finns were pretty down after such a massive defeat . 
  upper management decided that for pr reasons it was essential that next year 's competition be won . 
  and so a project group was set up to solve the problem . 
  after long and thorough analyses , it was discovered that the japanese had 7 rowers and one coxswain in charge of steering , whereas the finns had one rower and 7 coxswains . 
  in this time of crisis , management of the company showed significant initiative . 
  consultants were hired to analyse the composition of the finnish team . 
  after a few months work , the experts arrived at the conclusion that the team had too many supervisors and not enough rowers . 
  based on the consultants ' report , company management made immediate changes to the team . 
  now the team had 4 coxswains , 2 executive coxswains , a team leader and a rower . 
  additionally , a bonus program was put in place to motivate the rower . 
  `` we just need to empower him and give him more responsibility . '', 
  next year the japanese won by two kilometres . 
  the finnish team fired the rower citing poor job performance , but still paid out bonuses to the management for their commendable efforts . 
  the finns are now developing a new boat for next year 's competition . 
  i am not comparing bullfighting to the holocaust . 
  i 'm simply illustrating how the same rhetoric that is used to defend bullfighting could be used to defend the holocaust ( or any other fucked up barbaric or medieval activity people used to partake in ) . 
   a spanish law passed in 2013 defends bullfighting as part of the nation 's cultural heritage , saying it is the state 's duty to `` preserve it and promote it '' , el pais website reports . 
  what 's next ... germany defending the actions of hitler as part of their nation 's `` cultural heritage '' ? 
  i went there once ... the beer was ok . 
  stop being so daft , of course it is . 
  finnish is actually useful for finns ( not surprisingly in a country where 90 % of the population speak it as their native tongue ) , whereas swedish is not ( only a 5 % minority ) . 
  and even if it was made voluntary for swedish-speakers ( personally i could n't care less if this was the case ) , 99 % of them would still study it , since it would make zero fucking sense for them not to . 
  what do you think the reaction in sweden would be if finnish was suddenly made mandatory for everyone ? 
  your finnish-speaking minority is roughly the same size as swedish-speakers here . 
  they do n't , only swedish . 
   those are pretty much the only parties in finland with a value-liberal agenda ( i.e. 
  equality , gay marriage and minority rights etc ) . 
  the finns are more liberal than both those parties combined when it comes to the freedom of choice in language learning in schools . 
  but i guess ` equality ' and ` rights ' are only a concern when a minority is at a disadvantage - fuck the majority , right ? 
  it 's funny how this fact * always * gets ignored by the mainstream media ( and people like you ) when the topic of liberal/conservative labeling comes up . 
  cherry-picking the criteria for ` value-liberal agenda ' is intellectual dishonesty at its best . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s_aahjj6ctq&amp;t=16 ), 
  i think the germans are doing a good job promoting your chocolate ... [ these ] ( http://cs624631.vk.me/v624631851/2497d/yiajumf3eey.jpg ) are pretty damn delicious . 
  that 's purely out of practical reasons . 
  apparently the swedes are so bad at english , that it 's nigh impossible to do trade with them if you do n't speak swedish . 
  are you talking about the commonwealth realms and how the queen still has a ceremonial title over canada , australia , etc ? 
  because that 's a totally voluntary association ... meaning your former vassal states need to have a shred of respect left for you to go along with it , which tyv\u00e4rr rules sweden out of any such arrangement , 
  wait , pissing in the canal is a finable offense ? 
  then it seems i managed to cheat both death and the dutch justice system on my last trip to amsterdam ... buahaha !, 
  that combined with asinine statements like [ these ] ( http://www.aftonbladet.se/nyheter/article19980788.ab ) , i have to wonder how you guys ever even elected him . 
  episode vii : forssa awakens . 
   why websites though ? 
  you serious ? 
  i just ... 
  i just told you that a moment ago . 
   but militairy , economics and production are maintained by the eu government . 
  what a great idea . 
  and of course we 're going to need a pompous anthem ... something like [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=39qwqrfpeyg ) perhaps . 
  i think they could 've done better . 
  probably prepared two versions in advance -- a better one for clinton 's victory , and then half-assed this one , since `` trump 's not going to win anyway '' . 
   you warn him in every which way , have people from all over telling you against it , and yet the moth still goes towards the flame . 
  that 's pretty much the reason he won . 
  the arrogant and condescending `` we know better '' attitude of the clinton camp . 
  anarchy in the bbc . 
  an act which shall henceforth be known as ... norwegian giving . 
  dem yurop dollars though . 
  but who will stand up against the [ giant cat monsters and alien mexican armada ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ba9k5swwe38 ) now ?
