that 's still misleading . 
  when people think about members of the eu they think on a national scale ( i.e. 
  `` france is a member of the eu '' ) , not in terms of the individuals . 
  the only word to indicate otherwise is the word `` parliament '' which , for most people , would n't make them realise it 's referring to individuals . 
  one word and the context of the graphic is completely changed . 
  that 's misleading , even if unintentional . 
  sure , it just makes the graphic misleading . 
  the fact that it colour codes a map completely makes it seem like it 's based on public opinion . 
  but if it 's delayed and being paid as us corporation tax then is n't the us getting money that ireland should have ? 
  i 'm certain that it 's not beyond google to calculate how much income is from ireland or at least make a strong calculation . 
  if google 's structure means that they ca n't pay tax to ireland then they still need to be held accountable . 
  how is that a good excuse ? 
  it 's attitudes like this which are why big corporations get away with this stuff . 
  man good thing i 'll probably be dead before that, 
  you 'd be surprised how many people you can fit into a small area . 
  our cities are very dense , and houses are quite small . 
  there 's quite a reasonable amount of countryside . 
  openly gay means you do n't attempt to hide the fact that you 're gay , that 's it . 
  openly gay people are no different to you and me except they 're attracted to their own gender . 
  lol what do you have against polygamists ? 
  like i get why you 'd say pedophiles ( although they need mental help , not imprisonment ) and incest participants ( although personally as long as they do n't have a kid and mess up its genes i do n't care , even though i think it 's gross ) . 
  but what harm are polygamists doing ? 
  i do n't engage with it myself but what do you care if someone wants multiple partners if it 's all consensual ? 
  openly gay people are just normal people who happen to like dick dude , they do n't all parade around in assless pants, 
  yes . 
  i have nothing against brexit voters , i have something against brexit . 
  i disagree with the political stance . 
  i have valid and justifiable reasons for that . 
  that 's not bigotry , that 's a political opinion . 
  as nigel farage played a pivotal role in bringing brexit about through objectively deceptive and misleading campaigning , i believe he holds massive responsibility for what will happen and i therefore condemn him for his comments . 
  based on this , and the previous things nigel farage has said and done , i think he 's a monumental cunt and i ca n't think of anything he could realistically do to `` undo '' those things and change my opinion of him . 
  that 's not bigotry , that 's thinking a man is a cunt - again , based on valid and justifiable reasons . 
  so what about any of that makes me a bigot ? 
  according to your own definition , bigotry requires intolerance . 
  well what intolerance am i showing ? 
  i disagree with a political belief and i think nigel farage is a prick . 
  if that makes me a bigot then literally every single person who ever disagreed with someone else 's political view and every single person who ever disliked another person due to their actions is a bigot . 
  based on what you 're saying , someone who criticises a bigot is themselves a bigot for dismissing someone for their different beliefs . 
  that 's an awfully wide net to cast , hence i 'm saying you really seem like the sort of person to use the term lightly . 
  i 'm willing to entertain pro-brexit ideas , and i have done that , and the conclusion i have reached is that i am not convinced . 
  i disagree with the political stance , i do n't care who holds them . 
  in the case of nigel farage specifically , i think he 's a sleezy , deceitful prick who profits from inciting hate . 
  e : clarity, 
  does n't answer the question . 
  you really seem like the sort to throw `` bigot '' around lightly . 
  hahaha what ? 
  how is that what you drew from my comment ? 
  you 're mad, 
  i do n't know . 
  that 's his problem , not mine . 
  personally i do n't think there is anything he could do to stop me thinking he 's a cunt , but that 's just me . 
  that does n't change the fact that he 's still responsible at all , so your point is redundant . 
  regardless , adding to the list of despicable things he 's said and done is n't exactly helpful , is it ? 
  doing something regrettable in the adrenaline filled heat of battle is one thing . 
  gathering your friends to mock a wounded person before killing him is a very different thing . 
  rehabilitation vs retribution does n't come into that . 
  he 's a murderer and a threat to the public if he 's willing to take a life so jovially . 
  rehabilitation is important but protection of others is more important . 
  but i saw a picture in the papers of him drinking a pint at the pub !, 
  he 's just like me !, 
  as long as there are ignorant , uneducated bigots in the world there will be scum like nigel farage . 
  the best solution is to address the factors that statistically seem to cause people to gobble up far right bile like his . 
  better education , lower income inequality , more journalistic ethics and integrity . 
  unfortunately it 's easier said than done . 
  how can you accept that be played a pivotal role and deny that he holds responsibility ? 
  nobody is saying he is solely responsible . 
  but without his intentionally deceptive and maliciously misleading campaign we probably would n't be in this mess . 
  he was a key contributor . 
  that means he bares a lot of responsibility . 
  to put it lightly , yes . 
  ironic , considering he 's stripped away the ability to do just that for anyone who is n't rich . 
  what a deplorable piece of shit . 
  i 'm not speaking for either side of the argument here , but that does n't mean they 're impartial because they are still selective over what provided information they choose to publish . 
  someone still has to run the private server , write the code for the machines ( open source does not mean a modified version can not be installed ) , oversee production of those machines and ensure no tampering occurs , oversee all of these people to ensure security , transport the machines , maintain the database of citizens , and so on . 
  there are too many points of potential corruption . 
  there are opportunities for corruption with physical voting , sure , but far less . 
  not to mention the cost of the infrastructure needed . 
  it 's cheaper , easier and more secure to vote physically . 
  those seem logical . 
  thanks !, 
  some people do just intend to die , like you say , but you 've only met a limited amount of suicide attempt survivors . 
  maybe for certain others it was a cry for help but not them . 
  i do n't think it 's arguing that all women are only attempting suicide as a cry for help , some do just want to die , but enough to inflate the statistic significantly . 
  i 'm no psychologist but i wonder if it 's related to the social pressure on men to suppress emotion . 
  it 's `` unmanly '' to cry for help so men wo n't attempt suicide until they 're ready to go through with it , explaining why the inflation of cries for help applies to mainly women . 
  it 's more of a fashion statement really . 
  i live in a very green city in the uk with absolutely no noticeable smog and a lot of asian students walk around with masks on ( my uni has a lot of exchange students from asia , i guess they have a lot of partner institutions there , so i see a lot of bits and pieces of asian culture ), 
  i think it 's more that a lot of people feel we are too culturally dissimilar to call ourselves european . 
  whether i believe that and whether it 's true i will not say , but it 's not that people genuinely deny that we are european . 
  because we objectively are . 
  if a discussion about a massively influential decision that will entirely change the future of the country which is swimming in controversy and misinformation is a `` whiny counterprotest '' to you then i 'm sorry but you 're an idiot . 
  `` let 's just move on '' is good advice if you have a fight with your friend , not when you 're literally changing the entire future of a nation . 
  this is not a trivial matter . 
  of course it does . 
  i do n't see how that contradicts what i said . 
  if you honestly find what i 'm saying that baffling then i 'm going to end the discussion . 
  it 's a fairly straightforward and uncontroversial point so either you 're misunderstanding , or you just do n't know what a referendum is . 
  man i 'm not even religious and this comment makes me roll my eyes, 
  where did he say it was different ? 
  people who think leavers are racist are wrong .
