  some of them probably are , the vast majority are n't . 
  those that are do n't invalidate the perfectly fair reasons for wanting to leave . 
  people who think all remainers think leavers are racist are wrong . 
  some of them probably do , that does n't change the fact that most do n't . 
  i never said you said i said you said that that one took me a bit to work out, 
   huh ? 
  the majority have already voted . 
  you are the one arguing to go against the majority . 
  i 'm not arguing to go against the majority , i 'm arguing that another vote should be held to determine if the majority has changed . 
  a referendum is a way of determining what the public think . 
  i 'm not saying we should do or not do anything , i 'm saying we should see what the public think now that more information has come to light and a lot of people are upset about being misled . 
   where does it end ? 
   if there is a revote and leave wins , what then ? 
  do you start campaigning for a third revote ? 
  if enough people want to , i do n't see why not  if there is a revote and remain wins , what then ? 
  best out of three ? 
  why should leave not get a revote if remain got a revote ? 
  then we should go ahead with what the majority of the country wants , and if enough support for a revote occurs then that 's fine . 
   you honestly can not build a democratic system on the basis of redoing votes whenever they do not fall into your favor . 
  i 'm not saying redo votes when they do n't fall into my favour , i 'm saying that it 's a good idea to clarify what the majority want . 
   honestly , you would have to have a referendum about having another referendum in order for it to have any legitimacy , and that just seems silly . 
  the referendum is n't a direct democracy , if the government wanted they could legally choose not to leave ( not that i think they should , that would be terrible ) . 
  the point of the referendum was to see what people think , so the government can carry that out . 
  it does n't do anything other than poll the nation to tell the government what we want . 
  and if we want something else now as a nation , then why not clarify that ? 
   i would n't actually vote purely out of spite . 
  i believe you now that you 've said this , but considering your previous comment directly stated that you would you really should n't be surprised at the comments you 're getting . 
  if that was n't your point then why say it ? 
  the point remains that the eu dramatically reduces bureaucracy for the individual citizen , what you said does n't challenge that . 
  how about instead of saying `` you 're misinterpreting '' you clarify ? 
  ignore this comment if you 're kidding ( long day ) , but you should n't value someone 's statement more or less just because they 're from a certain country . 
  you do n't know what anyone has experienced on here . 
  it 's not the main argument , but it was one of the loudest ones . 
  you 're an idiot if you think all leavers are racist and you 're an idiot if you think all remainers think leavers are racist . 
  ( not calling you specifically an idiot , i 'm sure you believe neither of those ), 
  does n't change his point, 
  i mean ... 
  there 's more to it than that . 
  adults ( as in post-pubescent humans , not 18 + - i agree that a specific age is mostly arbitrary ) have stronger critical thinking skills and a more analytical approach . 
  making decisions based on emotions is something children do more . 
  that 's a pretty dangerous logic to have . 
  my dutch flatmate never uses milk . 
  apparently it 's because british tea is much stronger than what they tend to drink there , so they do n't need any milk . 
  that 's not a way to divide the nation , it 's a way to pinpoint the treasonous terrorists for easier deportation or indefinite holding without trial . 
  i 'm looking forward to it . 
  we 're all very strongly pro remain so we have a good laugh taking the piss out of the other side of the fence . 
  ca n't wait to see what charlie brooker has to say on his yearly wipe . 
  he 's got a good way of making something quite depressing hilarious . 
  so out of respect for democracy we should do something even if a majority do n't want it ? 
  do you see the contradiction there ? 
  i do n't really see how it 's a terrifying precedent . 
  if the country still wants to leave , then the result will be leave again . 
  i never said you said that . 
  i 've read all of them so yeah i do know that . 
  1984 is clearly the relevant work in the context, 
  pretty much , yes . 
  regular voting is necessary . 
  if we voted someone in power and never voted again , then if we changed our minds that would be a dictatorship . 
  it 's not perfect but give me a better alternative . 
  do you honestly think that there would be less bureaucracy involved in driving your car across borders if we left the eu ? 
  really ? 
  any evidence to reinforce the idea that what you describe is an inherent and unavoidable trait of socialism ? 
  i would argue that what you described is pretty observable in our current capitalist system . 
  not that i oppose capitalism . 
  your statement that we should n't have more laws than what the ordinary person understands is quite ludicrous . 
  exactly this . 
  and that 's out of necessity really , a legal system that just says `` be nice '' does n't work . 
  people spend years studying just one area of law . 
  if someone says `` socialist '' in an accusing way it 's a solid bet they do n't know what it means . 
  even if you 're opposed to it , which is fine , being so intolerant of other ideas that really are n't all that detestable in theory ( again , there are plenty of valid reasons to disagree with it but in theory it 's not that bad ) is a pretty good sign that a person forms their ideas in such a way that means little attention should be paid to them . 
  using the word `` socialist '' as if it 's a dirty word is just ignorance , whether or not you oppose or support it . 
  if scotland hold a second vote and become independent this is my full intention . 
  i assume they will allow other british residents right to live and work considering the history of our countries . 
  it 's about 50/50 in my part of se england, 
  have you read 1984 ? 
  because this is n't that . 
  that 's how democracy works ... 
  yeah . 
  so why ca n't the pro eu people do it ? 
  yes , it was a democratic vote , but surely you agree that it was fuelled by blatant lies and misinformation that became clear ( er ) immediately after the result . 
  i agree that ignoring the vote completely would be a terrible idea and an awful precedent to set , but a second referendum would surely be a fair compromise ? 
  that 's just as democratic . 
  all it is is a way of seeing if the country has changed its mind . 
  and if it has , why should n't it be allowed to ? 
  the only reason i can think to so heavily oppose a second vote would be fear that the result is different . 
  in which case that 's just a fear of a democratic vote that does n't go the way you want it to . 
  i do n't know if i 'll ever stop being bitter about it . 
  the day that result came out i was ashamed to be british . 
  and it looks like we 're only continuing in that direction . 
  if most people are muslim and the official religion is muslim , it 's a muslim country . 
  that 's how it works . 
  i do n't see how that makes a criticism any less valid . 
  you know you come from a place with shit train stations when that looks like a nicer one ... 
  it is ugly , but i kind of like it just because it 's so unique . 
  i 've never seen a train like that . 
  mate , this stuff is a result of the very nature of social sciences . 
  social sciences are n't like physics and biology where you can conduct extremely controlled experiments and draw an objective conclusion . 
  that 's why it 's called a soft science . 
  it 's the study of society and social change . 
  you ca n't put society in a petri dish .
