  that 's why it 's an extremely diverse field with pretty much every conclusion being contested . 
  because society is extremely complex , and as such it is important to question and challenge every conclusion made from every theoretical perspective . 
  so what , do you think the field just should n't exist ? 
  you think we should just stop the study of society altogether ? 
  you want to answer the question `` why do class structures exist ? '', 
  you need social sciences . 
  `` what drives people to extremism ? '', 
  you need social sciences . 
  `` to what degree does race affect employment ? '', 
  social sciences . 
  `` what processes aid cultural integration in migrant communities ? '', 
  social sciences . 
  `` how does society create criminals ? '', 
  social sciences . 
  `` what 's the best way to prevent criminality ? '', 
  social sciences . 
  social sciences provide extremely important insights that are necessary to consider when deciding social policy . 
  no , the conclusions reached are n't always right . 
  why do you think that is ? 
  because the people making them are idiots ? 
  no , because it 's difficult to study . 
  if they have the power to ban white people , does n't that fit your definition ? 
  i mean ignoring the fact that that objectively is n't the definition of racism i mean . 
  i 'm not sure if it is possible , but i think it 's the ideal we should work towards . 
  i ca n't think of what else would be better . 
  philosophy does n't provide a provable answer to those questions either . 
  even within philosophy there is disagreement about whether there is a god . 
  philosophy is not an alternative to religion , they are not mutually exclusive and philosophy does not provide the same functions as religion . 
  there 's 7 billion people in the world . 
  religion is never going to go away . 
  what countries have eliminated religion ? 
  by eliminated religion i do n't mean made practicing religion illegal , i mean what countries have created a situation where no citizens hold religious beliefs ? 
  personal opinion , not meaning to argue . 
  i do n't think it 's helpful to be against those things . 
  maybe the world would be better without them , i agree it probably would , but that is something that will never ever happen . 
  so long as there are unanswered ultimate questions ( `` do we have a soul ? 
  '' , `` is there consciousness after death ? 
  '' , `` where did the universe come from ? '', 
  ) , people will always turn to religious and spiritual beliefs to answer them . 
  it 's inevitable . 
  so since religion is inevitable , and will always be a given , i think instead of being * against * religion , i think we should create a society where diverse religious practices can co-exist peacefully and respectfully of each other , without being used for hate , violence or oppression . 
  i think that should be the end goal rather than no religion at all . 
  also that way we could benefit from the positive aspects of religion such as moral policing , bringing communities together , a source of comfort for a many , various religiously based charities , etc. 
  similarly i hate nationalism , but humans are biologically programmed to be tribalistic and adversarial . 
  instead of removing nationalism , we should encourage a type of nationalism that allows for national pride but also encourages respect and appreciation of other ways of life and other places . 
  you make some valid points but straight up ignored most of the arguments i made , i can only assume because you have no refutation . 
  to address the points you do raise , you are framing your counterargument within the context of islam only , when my point referred to migrant communities in general . 
  this is a multifactorial problem , and islam 's exception to the trend can be explained by the immense amount of hate and alienation muslims are receiving . 
  as i pointed out , people become more religious when their faith is threatened which explains the issues you very reasonably describe . 
  when confronted with the existence of perfectly decent muslims you rely on the `` no true scotsman '' fallacy . 
  you 're moving the goalposts such that a muslim is a bad person by your own definition . 
  that 's simply dishonest . 
  how are those people muslim ? 
  because they say they are , and follow an interpretation of the koran that allows them to be given their cultural values . 
  religion is not objective . 
  there are many horrible things directly commanded by the bible and the torah , yet you would not say the same about people who do not follow those but consider themselves christian or jewish . 
  it 's easy to lean on the argument of `` the koran is meant to be the objective word of god '' , but there is plenty of literature online on how different interpretations can still emerge that will answer that problem better than i can . 
  who are you to say that peaceful interpretations of islam are n't `` true '' interpretations ? 
  if you hold these views about islam but not christianity , you are a hypocrite . 
  that 's the abridged version of this discussion . 
  if your goal is not to convince or educate then why are you commenting ? 
  i have told you that i study a relevant field . 
  my conclusion is not ideological , it 's based on consideration of evidence at hand . 
  i believe that the statistics you are providing is better explained by the cultural context of where religion is being practised . 
  is christianity evil because it has been used as justification to oppress women for over a millennia ? 
  no , because that oppression was based on the values of the time in general . 
  christianity is still used to those ends in many places . 
  it does n't make every christian a bad person . 
  the fact that religion is something that is open to interpretation prevents it from being inherently evil . 
  higher tendency to have those views in first world countries can be explained by recent muslim immigration . 
  it is a well known phenomenon that immigrant communities tend to be highly religious , as ( 1 ) people tend to value their religion more when it is threatened ( islamophobia ) , and ( 2 ) migrant communities are centred around their own culture which in this case would include an affinity for traditional muslim values . 
  it is also well known that migrant communities in the west become significantly less religious each generation through integration to our secular values ( perhaps this process is slower in america where christianity is massively more prevalent compared to other western nations ) . 
  on those grounds , i do not believe that islam is inherently evil , i believe it depends on its cultural context . 
  anecdotally , i personally know many muslims who are perfectly good , respectable people no different to you or me . 
  are they evil for being muslim ? 
  but no , i 'm just an idiot with his head in the sand are n't i ? 
  because it 's obviously impossible for someone to have valid reasons for disagreeing with you , what with you being the all knowing bastion of wisdom that you are . 
  sorry mate , i do n't really give a toss about what some youtube ( the bastion of unbiased and respectable content ) video has to say . 
  give me an article from a respected journal and i 'll entertain the idea . 
  then i will compare that idea to other reputable sources and form a conclusion . 
  because that 's how you get an informed opinion . 
  based on what i have read and learned on the topic ( which is relevant to the field of academia i study ) , i do n't buy the narrative you 're selling here . 
  you 're completely misunderstanding that argument . 
  radicalisation requires two things . 
  an ideological drive , and conditions that put a person in a mental state where they would fall into such an ideology . 
  there are over a billion muslims in the world . 
  do you think there are a billion terrorist sympathisers too ? 
  what we are saying is that islam in and of itself is not enough drive people to commit these acts . 
  it 's a combination of a specific ( and abhorrent ) interpretation of the religion , and a mental state that makes someone susceptible to buying into it . 
  if it 's not enough to significantly harm them then at that point are n't they just paying a small tax in return for not having to comply with these rules ? 
  yeah but white people wear those, 
  i 'm guilty of thinking this too , but i need to stop . 
  because since when did america become the bar for anything ? 
  if i think like that i might just become complacent with anything that is not quite as bad as america 's equivalent and that 's not really right . 
  had a friend who who could n't get a download faster than 200 kb/s out in the country . 
  do n't know how he managed, 
  we need government regulation , not self regulation . 
  otherwise it 's easier for another company to take advantage of the lack of regulation and offer low rates at the expense of neutrality ( of course , most people wo n't know this ) . 
  i understand that it 's not simply as easy as that , but it only takes one to break the floodgate . 
  of course , government regulation is n't very likely considering that wo n't bring any profit to emperor may and her sith lords .
