i 'm sorry you feel that way . 
  i agree , but i do n't see how that 's `` corrupt '' . 
  they 're the ones setting the rules on their subs , i fail to see where corruption could be involved . 
  nonexistent , and i take it with me wherever i go . 
  i pay the price on the menu , i do n't care about the `` tipping culture '' . 
  when i feel charitable , i give to charity . 
   you do n't seem to care about heterosexuals showing off their sexuality in the wrong places . 
  because , for the most part , they do n't . 
  i still oppose those who do , i just see no need to highlight it , because it 's not nearly as big a problem . 
   but , i get it . 
  those that argue most against `` freak homos '' usually turn out to be homosexuals themselves . 
  accusations of projection are a fully general counter-argument - are you accusing me of homosexualism because you are , by chance , a homosexualist yourself ? 
  nope . 
  it 's ok , reading is hard . 
  tell that to the participants of homosexualist freak parades . 
  nothing bad is being done if someone is prevented from acting out their sexual fantasies in front of children . 
  in fact , i would argue that the opposite is the case . 
  i love russia . 
  i love putin , i love his defence of crimea and helping the donbass partisans , i love the fact that they 're taking a stand against us cultural imperialism , of which `` gay rights '' is one of the largest fronts these days . 
  perhaps you should ask yourself , * why * do you hate russia ? 
  are you personally affected by anything that has recently happened in russia ? 
  or are you just going along with the next target designated by your country 's propaganda machine ? 
   i do n't understand what you mean by this . 
  as far as i know , homosexuals use my definition of `` attracted to people of the same sex '' . 
  and as long as that 's the case , i 've no choice but to reject homosexuality along with homosexualism . 
   what is flawed about this definition and how is it distorted ? 
  there is no reason for this category to exist as a protected minority or as a political movement . 
  it 's just an assortment of perverts and degenerates . 
  to give you an example , `` people who pick mushrooms , people who do n't enjoy fishing and people who garden on thursdays '' is a similarly useless category . 
  if someone used it seriously , i would suspect malevolent motivation or trying to lie with statistics . 
   til : people who disagree with me are fucking retarded . 
  okay . 
   i assume that fucking cows is ok . you would . 
   how homosexuality is a modern invention despite it being known throughout history and also occuring in animals ? 
  sodomy , pederasty , lesbianism etc have been recorded throughout history , but banding them together for political reasons is new . 
   lesbians being a seperate issue is weird for me . 
  is your only objection to homosexuality sodomy and/or related `` perversions '' ? 
  my objection to homosexualism is their fight to legitimise their perversions and change the meaning of marriage . 
  my objection to homosexuality is the fact that it makes no sense - it 's just a word used to denote certain perversions and fetishes . 
   so this is a religious thing ? 
  am i assuming correctly that you are then okay with civil partnerships ? 
  in theory , but as it is it 's used as just another word for `` marriage '' with the exact same benefits . 
  i 'm not interested in semantics . 
  i 'm opposed to assfuck marriage in any shape or form . 
  france - every tourist attraction is surrounded by a bazaar , about half of which empties at a sprinting pace at the sight of a policeman . 
   do you not believe in the existance of lesbians i do , but i think it 's an entirely separate issue and one i do n't particularly care about . 
  `` homosexuality '' as we know it today is a modern invention just meant to bring all manner of perversions together to push politics in the direction of legitimising these forms of unproductive sexuality . 
   it 's about being able to go out as a gay couple without being harassed , and about having the same rights as a same-sex couple . 
  i assure you i would be equally outraged if non-homosexuals paraded their sexuality in front of me and demanded the legal right to desecrate the sacrament of holy matrimony . 
  as long as there is a state-recognised institution of marriage , i will fight for it to be defined the way it 's defined by the church . 
  this nonsense would n't be an issue at all if the state just got out of the business of marrying people and went back to all state marriage was ever supposed to be - a financial incentive to reproduce . 
  the church can handle the rest . 
  we keep hearing this ridiculous oversimplification - that people opposed to homosexualism are making a fuss over something that does n't affect them , that we 're telling people how they 're allowed to have sex , etc. 
  speaking only for myself , that 's not my principal disagreement . 
  i mean , make no mistake , i find sodomy revolting , but if they were just sexual preferences , that actually did n't affect anyone else in any way , let 's say i would n't mind . 
  but the fact is that it is n't - they took their perversion , which is maybe tolerable by itself , and turned it into a political campaign . 
  i do n't owe tolerance or acceptance to any political ideology , i 'm free to judge it on its merits and make a decision as to whether i 'll support , ignore or oppose it . 
  it 's very obviously not just people fucking each other in the ass `` in the privacy of their bedrooms '' . 
  when you 're holding parades and demanding laws be passed in your favour , you 're not a protected group , you 're a political movement . 
  i mean , on one hand it 's an affront to the basic principles of personal liberty . 
  on the other hand , it endlessly pisses off every leftist i know , so it has to be a good thing somehow . 
  the way i see it , the state is recognising their pretence to being married . 
  nothing more . 
  no legal concession will change their actual status . 
  as the sodomites put it so aptly , `` we 're here , deal with it '' . 
  well , as long as the government is in the business of marriage at all , it can certainly be conflated with marriage as a ritual in its dominant religion . 
  the only way i could accept that it 's an entirely secular concept that has nothing to do with church marriage is if it were moved outside the domain of the state entirely , turning it into a contract between two people . 
  if i were going to be `` inclusive '' , that 's how it should be done , anyway - the government should just offer financial incentives to reproduce , which was the original intent of state-recognised marriage in the first place . 
  i think every country should be free to choose its treatment of sin for itself , but that does n't prevent me from reflecting on that choice . 
  it 's entirely different from telling people how you want them to run their own country . 
  i 'm not going to tell anyone in a foreign country how to vote ( because * that 's * not very dignified either ) , but i disagree with the assertion that allowing sodomites into holy matrimony is in any way dignified . 
  yes , culture and sport is supposed to connect us regardless of the politics . 
  politicising it in any way defeats the purpose and ruins it for everyone involved other than the censoring morons who * want * to politicise everything . 
  i will never boycott or disturb an apolitical cultural , artistic or sporting event because of politics . 
  it 's above that . 
  and the last year 's * winner * blatantly violates that rule . 
  they obviously do n't care about their own rules , or apply them very selectively . 
  violating air space 3 . 
  tunnelling under ukraine given the cultures in the countries involved , i 'd say 1 . 
  as i understand it , the russian draft system is really simple to dodge by either bribes or enrolling into university ( or pretending to ) . 
  in other words , the only ones actually drafted are either the people who want to be there , the extremely poor or the extremely stupid . 
  i 'm sorry you feel that way . 
  i do n't support direct democracy , ideally i 'd prefer some form of private government ( be it cameralism or natural aristocracy ) , or , failing that , making people 's political power proportional to their tax contributions . 
  bavarian independence now, 
  if society values them so much , why does it still need the state to force people who do n't to help them ? 
  in fact , `` welfare '' programs are a way for the progressives to force their view of how people should think on everyone , without actually obeying it themselves . 
  if you think there should be charity , go be charitable - you 've no right to force it on me . 
  yes , and it works by spending tax money - therefore , people who contribute more are worth more to it . 
  how is this a controversial view ? 
   i 'm afraid i do n't share your view that a person 's worth is how much income they can earn . 
  their worth * to the state * . 
   take the us . 
  the top 10 % earn 45 % of all income . 
  this means you 'd grant control of the country to something like the top 11 % . 
  they 'd be ruling over the remaining 89 % , with little the rest could say in edge-wise . 
  but they are n't a homogeneous block , they have different views on issues . 
  you 're acting as if `` the rich '' uniformly supported the same side on every issue , when that 's much more accurate in the case of the lesser-educated poor ( but still a gross oversimplification ) . 
  overall , i estimate the amount and quality of political discourse would improve , if anything . 
   i see . 
  you 're obviously very concerned that the poor , in outnumbering the rich , may use their voting power to . . take money from the rich .
