i would say that obama was neutral at best due to snowden , revelations about guantanamo , financial crisis started by american banks and the destabilization of the middle-east . 
  nothing that was really his fault but it came out during his time . 
  every few years was another bad impact due to bush policies . 
  http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-0duvq9s0en4/vi5aypjemsi/aaaaaaaaivq/hkzaig-uflm/s1600/nonrppadjustedmedian.jpg a graph from the oecd data with the median income . 
  it is roughly 31k to 27k so in the 10-15 % more income in the us range . 
  and how much people need the heat and are willing to pay for it to pay off the pipes . 
  in warmer countries it would be quite a waste if they do n't use heating 3/4 + of the year . 
   ( * ) i know liberals belittle him & like to claim otherwise . 
  they 're imo dead wrong . 
  staying in business & having the same performance as the general stock market is , by definition , very hard . 
  having bankruptcies & managing to bounce back shows that he 's not a `` one hit wonder '' and understands business & risk management . 
  that depends highly on his actual worth . 
  he would need to be around 1b to stay with the average while the estimates were 250-300m . 
  in this case only implementing a hard cap would have no chance to pass . 
  but the csu want something named `` obergrenze '' even if there is no chance that it will be ever used just to say they did it after their last fiasco with the toll for foreigners . 
  so they include parts which will work without having a hard cap too to keep it below the value and get a political favor from the cdu . 
  he also called for a 180 \u00b0 change in terms of how germany remembers the holocaust and/or the nazi time ( at least one of it was meant ) . 
  yes you can interpret some non-neonazi meaning into it but unless you force it it is way easier to just accept that he is one . 
  the whole speech was filled with tons of minor dog-whistling . 
  these 2 are just nearly not explainable and together with everything else a pretty obvious sign . 
  there is a reason the afd tries to throw him out now ( after it became a gigantic shit storm and not directly afterwards ) . 
  he just went a step to far with their usual dog whistling . 
  they will most likely have a way higher interconnection . 
  just not spain and france . 
  try to build a energy line through germany . 
  it is n't easier than one through europe :d, 
  name 4 good things the us government did for the world during that time in the same magnitude that do n't get reversed by trump at the moment . 
  the points i can come up with would be to join the climate chance pact finally , the reduction of nuclear weapons agreement with russia , the sanctions against russia after the krim crsis and the normalization of the relationship with iran . 
  then go back to 2000 . 
  no war based on lies . 
  no financial world crisis caused by american banks and their deregulation . 
  no mass spying . 
  `` policing '' . 
  it is not policing if you set a oilfield on first and put 1-2l water on it ever hour to `` police '' it . 
  everyone is mad because usa fucked up the middle east and now wants to close their eyes and borders and blame the muslims for the problems of their society while refusing to do the bare minimum to make up for their mistakes . 
  the main difference is that trump acts the same way against americans than the us did towards the world for over 15 years now . 
  https://magazin.spiegel.de/epubdelivery/image/title/sp/2017/5/300 last weeks cover . 
  ( st. martin : the thirst for power of candidate martin schulz ), 
  http://www.spiegel.de/spiegel/print/index-2015-49.html about how is brings terror into europe ? 
  it is one of the newspaper with a really really small chance of conflicts of interest . 
  50,5 % of it is owned by their reporter and another 25 % by the family of the founder . 
  http://www.spiegel.de/spiegel/print/index-2014.html they had a few with snowden against obama . 
  2014 was right after it came out that you spy on 60-80 % of all digital signals in germany and even spy on merkel by using spy equipment in your diplomacy in berlin . 
  also the drone strikes committed from german ground which would be an act of war if anyone would care etc. 
  you chose the worst possible time for a general opinion . 
  less loaded . 
  you will get 3-4 pages where the describe the muslim ban alone from the full ban over the protests and the exclusion of germans from the ban as example . 
  their covers are way more one-sided than their actual articles and quite often do n't even represent the opinion from all articles they have in that magazine . 
  4 years right before the next election because she knows she would lose campaigning against it . 
  hmm you are right . 
  with my last installation with win10 i had to use ie for its only purpose again but had it before that . 
  they have gigantic data centers in europe where most of the european data is handled . 
  google ca n't use non localized servers to power their infrastructure . 
  if you google you can end up at dozens of servers depending on your physical location . 
  all big companies have localized serverfarms . 
  just the usage of t1/2 networks would be extremely expensive for them . 
  they ca n't just throw their data into other networks wherever they want . 
  if they want to serve someone in europe they have to pay for getting their data there to the national network . 
  if you would have to send everything over the cables through the atlantic then you have 2 problems : 1 . the service would be crap because it is too much data for these cables and 2 . the companies selling the transportation through these cables would make a fortune on googles/netflix/amazon / etc expense . 
  because they hide their competitors when you try to reach them over another service of theirs . 
  if you own a phonebook company and the 2nd best restaurant in the town you will get problems if you use the phonebook to hide the existence of the best restaurant . 
  and not in the ad part ( that is most likely fine ) but in the actual part with all addresses . 
  not in europe anymore . 
  ms at least is n't allowed to ship windows with ie since quite a few years . 
  it now includes only a downloader with chrome , ie , firefox and safari i think . 
  just look at the eu . 
  it is basically france , germany , uk and a few others dragging specially the eastern european countries up at their cost and the nice thing is that afterwards everyone is better off than without it . 
  tax handouts to these companies are just that . 
  you get a penny for the dollar the big countries could have spent in goods and subsidies . 
  simple corruption not more . 
  you do n't get jobs . 
  these shell companies that launder the profits at best have a handful of lawyers working in that country to make sure they fulfill the legal requirements for the tax handouts to them . 
  stealing jobs is fine . 
  but stealing only taxes is the problem . 
  then give them eu fund to do so . 
  i mean they already get eu fund to do so . 
  no , they found a way to fuck over everyone to get a few euro and everyone loses . 
  development of the poorer countries is not supposed to be done by stealing from the eu countries overall . 
  if you destroy 95 % of the tax income to get 5 % of it then this is just highly inefficient simply because you already get more than that in form of eu subsidies . 
  it is just the result of greed . 
  the thing is that most companies do n't have many workers that use ireland for tax avoidance . 
  they do n't go there despite the high wages , they go there because they do n't care for wages and only want the lower tax . 
  if you place your employees there then the profit of these employees could get taxed less . 
  if you sell every iphone from every apple store in europe from an irish company with no irish person involved in the direct sale then it is only state sponsored tax avoidance . 
  just let them deduct 10 % of their wage costs from their tax from all irish employees otherwise . 
  german diplomats have access to him recently . 
  it looks like they want to solve this as quiet as possible . 
  specially not before the referendum when erdogan already used every possibility to get profit from opposing eu countries . 
  when you go from they might have in 2001 but we do n't know to they have chemical weapons for years in 2002 then it is more than making it more solid than it was . 
  specially if they never existed . 
  how did they confirm the existence in 2002 after having not enough information from 1998 to 2001 to do so ? 
  and who the fuck even cares about chemical weapons . 
  take syria as example . 
  nobody cared that they had them and even using them was no reason to consider to invade . 
  if you do n't like the australian alps try the german or swiss ones . 
  it is not like you are some hot island in the middle or nowhere that even the brits only wanted to use as a prison , 
  do n't forget when usa `` found '' weapons of mass destruction in iraq and tried to get all of nato to fight there . 
  knowingly lying to nato partners to trick them into a war . 
  let 's follow it as long as trump follows the paris climate agreement . 
  seriously there is one point that europe lacks severely for their defense and it is the one think the us will never agree to allow them .
