hardly a protest , just 3 guys hanging out . 
  even from engineers point of view its a true feat of engineering to construct a solid `` fence '' of with such speed and efficiency over a so short amount of time . 
  similar thing in finland , they asked some `` refugees '' if they wanted to come to finland , but they said , `` no , we want to go to sweden '', 
  it was an accident - \u00c5sa romson, 
  hah , sweden has struck rock bottom in like a few years . 
  one year ago i used a vpn to get access to the full content . 
  sweden is in such a bizarre state at the moment . 
  not just how the government governs , but society itself has turned into a sarcastic mess and everyone is screwing over everyone . 
  was it 4chan who named him ? 
  or was it another community that takes the honors ? 
  who will substitute him , when he resigns tomorrow for being a loony ? 
  why dont they just revoke the wellfare money that keeps them docile and isolated from the world ? 
  it glorifies the swedes , and the spanish . 
  so if i want a full authentic arabic experience , i can take the boat or fly to sweden , rather than to the middle east ? 
  he is smiling like a little kid , because he know he is screwed, 
  more or less , when took the ferry to visit my friend in sweden , they did no control or anything on me because of my skin color . 
  irish and german engineers , french and british tactical officers , swiss and swedish science officers , dutch and finnish medical officers . 
  atleast dont put a italian captain in charge . 
  two scenarios , either they , ( or someone they work for ) , pillaged some sort of temple or tomb , using the migrant crisis as a way to smuggle it into the union , and be sold to a collector . 
  but i personaly hope they took it because of the isis `` culture crusades '' and brought it to safety . 
  plant that potato and get 4 potatoes . 
  i think they should `` up '' their riot gear to fit the situation . 
  rubber bullets and gas , gas masks , and larger sheilds , those american sonic canons for long range support , and spears with some sort of integrated cattle pord to keep them from getting hurt by the razor wire . 
  they left for sweden ? 
  i understand why french is so high , but i did not expect swedish to be so high in the list . 
  cant we just fix the mess in their countries , so they dont have to come here and ruin it for us aswell ? 
  from what my friends have told me , the issue is at its worst in g\u00f6teborg , malm\u00f6 , stockholm . 
  they even gone so far as to segregate certain pools by what kind of gender you have , to prevent child rapists , and molesters from having their way under the water . 
  words that are not `` borrowed '' tend to sound , rather `` unique '' in finnish, 
  it feels like sweden has to chose in the coming months , if they want to protect the migrants , or protect the women , as they clearly are unable to do both . 
  no one will ever know ... 
  i knew the housing situation was bad in denmark , but damn , i never expected it to go so far that they had to build a primitive tent camp in a environment thats almost arctic in nature . 
  if this is not illegal , then i dont know what anymore . 
  looks like sweden will forever be associated with covering things up , and nobel prices . 
  once they get on , it will take them straight back to where they came form . 
  tap water tastes good , and it looks weird if you are chugging bottled water unless its a warm summers day . 
  thats a lovers embrace . 
  ah , i see it now . 
  sealand is missing, 
  people being shy , quiet , and if you are not blood related , then get out of my house . 
  they have to take him , but then they can banish him a second time to his home country . 
  lifetime in sweden is like , 15-16 years ? 
  if he behaves . 
  after that he is banished and sent back to italy in where he is registered . 
  overall its a well made documentary . 
  thanks for linking . 
  he did the act dressed as a imperial nazi shock-trooper . 
  block the script , use adblock , proffit ? 
  the church is a organization , and they have `` wacky '' rules and ideas , its wrong to force them to do same sex marriage against their will . 
  no one is forcing you to go to a christian church to get married , there are other facilities that can suit your need . 
  they have a golden opportunity to set their own rules , but because its `` hard work '' they rather go back to the old ways, 
  male nipple , fine . 
  female nipple , oh uh . 
  more or less , there have been incidents when migrants burn down their temporary homes in finland and sweden because they want to move closer to the cities . 
  haha , entire north has a `` bath day '', 
  the swedish foreign minister have ruined 70 years of diplomacy in less than a year by making stupid statements and showing no respect for other cultures . 
  is it not because of ramadan ? 
  but not for babies , if you want to mutilate your genitalia , do it when you grow up . 
  yes ,, 
  there are cargo cranes by the docks , and cargo ships using the channel, 
  its to expensive . 
  that would cause the value of the already built buildings to drop , causing people to freak out , and sell , causing the market to collapse . 
  so anti immigration is a big `` no no '' after that ? 
  sweden is like tumbler irl, 
  going to the segregated areas of sweden is like traveling to a different country, 
  its not the first time , there was also a incident when a man was urinating into a conveyor belt filled with cornflakes, 
  sweden is so full of itself that they cant accept that they have done something terrible wrong , they will never come out and apology for the `` cultural '' damage they have inflicted upon its citizens and for future generations to come . 
  the nokia one is spot on , and very funny . 
  yeha , there is nothing wrong with finland, 
  only le pen , or any political party ? 
  largest import/export ratio in the union . 
  mind that they offer free health care and housing for isis veterans, 
  we also called hide and seek natti, 
  northen border-dweller here , we used to call it tafatt or jaga , depending on the rules, 
  there are dog shelters to , i once saw thing giant dog walking down the street close to the blue mosque , people petted it , and gave it food , and people seamed to like it . 
  from my understanding they risk to escalate the situation if the cops try and capture people . 
  this is incredible . 
  sweden is safe, 
  i think i know why their score is so low , but if i say it i will be forever branded as a racist, 
  what in the world causes sweden to drop so low ? 
  it is actually like falling asleep , but more like that moment you are about to pass out , like watching late night tv or watching a movie in bed . 
  they need to make a fantasy dwarf theme ,, 
  it lies between the royal castle and the government citadel, 
  he can sell that for a royal sum, 
  how come norway is so high on that list ? 
  i would drink it, 
  so foreign nations know exactly how many military vehicles sweden have , the names of all the spies and soldiers ? 
  wait , the president is trying to do what ? 
  its nuts how much fresh water is in this lake, 
  trump is having a small harem of countries around him, 
  i like the idea , and the command of the army changes every 5 years or something, 
  sweden and finland is 100 % spot on, 
  this is my economic wet dream, 
  i bet he did not even pay for it . 
  and lucky those who ordered a expensive dinner only to have the bill nullified when they were told to run away, 
  i remember they used weights to strech the skin in order to return the penis to a internal organ once flaccid . 
  so even if you were forcefully mutilated as a infant , there is still ways to restore your penis . 
  the lesser of two evils is still evil, 
  european federation = solves more than half of the issues, 
  trademark , and so they know who is the enemy .
