the uva was established in 1632 and renamed in 1877 while leiden university was established in 1575 . 
  no entrance fee . 
  as / u/ja74dsf2 mentioned the city of amsterdam gave a subsidy of $ 1.5 million , 12,5 % of the total cost . 
  the rest is paid for by private sponsors . 
  but you said you were an antiques dealer . 
  would n't that be bad for business ? 
  that 's hardly `` disappearing '' now , is it ? 
  okay then . 
  antisemitism in russia well predates the founding of the soviet union . 
  these sentiments did n't suddenly disappear as the willingness of the local population to collaborate with the germans in the second world war showed . 
  to argue that `` jew-killing '' is associated with the soviet flag is way missing the underlying causes . 
  a ) they 're not talking about it , they must be covering it up !, 
  b ) they 're talking about it , they must be covering up their own mistakes !, 
  that sounds terrible . 
  source ? 
  while that is true for geenstijl and fok !, 
  on / r/thenetherlands it refers to actual fins . 
  a mod started a rivalry as a joke since finland often did better in stats than the netherlands . 
  you need glasses . 
  feels over reals ? 
  legally speaking they are the same . 
  considering that the settling of the oder-neisse border between east-germany and poland was taken care of in this same ` non-existing document ' , i 'm quite curious if the polish government will take this case to court . 
   quite a difference we are having here , do n't you think ? 
  emotionally , yes . 
  legally speaking , no . 
  the current polish government is the legal successor to the communist dictatorship . 
  while there was a polish government in exile in london , they did not hold any power and were excluded from supranational organizations such as the un . 
  you 're misunderstanding my point . 
  the fact is that the communist polish government renounced its right for further reparations in the 1950 's . 
  the current polish government claims that this renouncing was invalid since it was a communist dictatorship that did it . 
  i was merely pointing out that by that same logic the current german government ca n't be held accountable for something that a national socialist dictatorship did . 
  the treaty signed by the polish government in the 1950 's is not valid since the country was under a communist dictatorship at the time , yet the germans should pay reparations for a war fought while the country was under a national socialist dictatorship . 
  if so the polish government should have spoken up when they agreed to drop the matter in the 1950 's . 
  i 'm well aware of that . 
  i just focused on the jewish aspect of it because of the comment i was responding to . 
  three german nationals , not ** the ** germans . 
  big difference . 
   as for the rest - not the first , not the last , and certainly not the most recent time . 
  in what recent event did a state murder six million people of a specific ethnic and religious group ? 
  a state organized mass-killing on an industrial scale of a specific ethnic and religious group which left some six million dead is getting too much attention ? 
  what does that even mean ? 
  it is most certainly fitting when someone promotes the denial of the holocaust . 
  why is this so upsetting to you ? 
  for everything else there 's mastercard . 
  i 'm glad a croatian is chiming in about what the poles want . 
  it can be if you 're a kid and eat several dozen a day !, 
  eat that finland !, 
  because spreading doxxed information is nothing like doxxing people yourself . 
   humidity 11 % at least it 's a dry heat . 
   poland 's former communist government , under pressure from the soviet union , agreed in the 1950s not to make any claims on germany . 
   macierewicz said tuesday that communist-era poland was a `` soviet puppet state '' whose decision is not legally valid today . 
  i 'm sure germany will be more than happy to pay billions to get their lost territories back . 
  the polish government is delusional if it thinks it can cherrypick which treaties signed by communist poland are valid and which are not . 
  `` i order you to volunteer . '', 
  it reached / r/all . 
  most of the comments are from non-flaired users . 
  at least we did n't shoot down a civilian airliner . 
  erosion of privacy . 
  those cameras were placed there with the goal combating terrorism and now they 're being used to keep track of all kinds of offenses . 
  it 's a slippery slope with no way back . 
  you seem unaware just how much more cameras there are in london compared to other major european cities . 
  you seem to subscribe to his belief that i 'm more likely to be killed as a consequence of my beliefs . 
  why do n't you answer for him ? 
  please point out how i am more likely to get killed by a terrorist attack for defending human rights on the internet . 
  i do n't think terrorists would be discouraged from stabbing folks by cctv though . 
  i do n't appreciate being spied on wherever i go . 
  do you ? 
  this . 
  people forget about the longterm goals . 
  suppose we finally eradicate islamic terrorism , there is no way london will remove those cctv cameras . 
  i 'm sorry , is that a threat ? 
  yeah and see where it got him . 
  do explain . 
  why not drop them out of planes altogether ? 
  make them disappear . 
  kill their families while you 're at it . 
  because eroding basic human rights can in no way come back to haunt you . 
  you may continue living . 
  `` i have n't seen any news about it so msm must not be covering it !, 
  reptilians ! '', 
  no , it 's not . 
  this article is about a dead baby , not a dead horse . 
  everyone 's a danger when they drink and drive . 
  they seem to be really pissed about it so it seems to be working . 
  america first america first america first . 
  but the eu is very protectionist . 
  if god is a serb he undoubtedly left the country and found work elsewhere a long time ago . 
  `` the wrong kind of terrorists , not the ones we support , mind you . '', 
  i was unaware god had a stake in russian arms-manufacturing . 
  you underestimate our polder skills . 
  apparently pipes in and around rome suffer from a backlog of maintenance , leading to unnecessary spilling of water . 
  probably contributed to the drought , but was not the cause of it . 
  germany does n't have a cult of personality around an authoritarian leader whose political opponents regularly disappear though . 
  there is an entire generation of russians who never knew anyone else in charge but putin . . 
  must be one of the so-called no-go areas / s, 
  you 're expecting facts from the local ? 
  the sgp ca n't get their agenda realized in parliament so it turns to conservative christians abroad in order to influence politics at home . 
  doctors are not killing off the old and depressed by the dozens . 
  there are checks along the way that prevent this from happening . 
  freedom of choice for euthanasia allows for people to simply not choose that option .
