  considering croatia 's recent history i can understand that sentiment . 
   having a foreigner commanding your army just does n't sound good would n't you rather have the best commander overall regardless of nationality ? 
  you kidding ? 
  this is attempted regicide !, 
  they 'd be lucky to ever see the outside world again . 
  [ there was some weird stuff going on between her , kohl and his children ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/helmut_kohl#personal_life ) :  while in hospital in 2008 and in a `` critical condition , '' kohl , then aged 78 , married maike richter , a former chancellery employee who was 34 years his junior . 
  following his new marriage , kohl became estranged from his two sons and his grandchildren , and his sons said their father was kept `` like a prisoner '' by his new wife . 
  his children and grandchildren were also prevented from seeing him by his new wife for the last six years of his life . 
  in his biography of his mother , peter kohl wrote about the only time he had visited richter 's apartment , which he described as `` a kind of private helmut kohl museum '' full of helmut kohl photographs and artefacts everywhere ; `` the whole thing looked like the result of a staggering , meticulous collecting for the purpose of hero worship , as we know it from reports on stalkers , '' kohl wrote . 
  jochen arntz criticized maike richter in the s\u00fcddeutsche zeitung in 2012 for building a `` wall '' around helmut kohl and controlling him ; as a result he had also become estranged from many former friends disliked by his new wife . 
  kohl biographer heribert schwan describes richter as `` more than conservative , rather german nationalist , '' and said she insists on the right to `` interpretational sovereignty '' in relation to kohl 's life and that she has insisted on many proven falsehoods . 
  so a system which releases people from prison after they have served their sentence . 
  possibly . 
  if someone is not linked to terrorism it 's kinda hard to prevent him from committing terrorism though . 
   he was known to police but had not been linked to terrorism , reports said . 
  so a regular criminal then . 
  we 're secretly all islamofascists . 
  do n't tell anyone . 
  as long as the packaging clearly states that the product does not contain meat , i do n't see any reason for a ban . 
  this ruling does n't ban soy milk for being a white liquid . 
  it only applies to the use of the term ` milk ' . 
  such as ? 
  must be hard to considered the next napoleon . 
  the square in front of the station can be quite confusing . 
  cars drive up to the bus platforms on accident all the time . 
  the city will start with the revamping of the area soon with the road being diverted somewhat . 
  [ article with more photos at dutch broadcaster nos ] ( http://nos.nl/artikel/2177598-gewonden-bij-incident-met-auto-voor-amsterdam-centraal.html ) train and metro continue to run as usual . 
  trams have been suspended in front of the station , which makes sense considering that they 'd be running through a crime scene . 
  my bet is on a regular criminal , possibly drug related . 
  terrorists either drive into crowds or leave their car filled with explosives . 
  this incident was nothing of the sorts . 
  i 'm not sure if the popularity of the different shades of the political spectrum was divided by age or class . 
  my bet would be the latter , but ca n't say for certain . 
  i would imagine there would be a lot on the diplomatic screw-ups of wilhelm ii . 
  i do n't like the g\u00fclenists anymore than i do erdogan . 
  but muh assange 2012 worst year of my life . 
  all part of the g\u00fclenist kurdish fascist conspiracy . 
  i bet you greeks are even involved too . 
  they shot down a civilian airliner , then spread conspiracy theories to muddy the waters over the actual cause and followed this with smear-attacks on the official investigation . 
  they 're unionists . 
  immature people are immature . 
  while some media in western countries are flawed , the russian media are still nowhere close to them when it comes to reliability . 
  could be worse . 
  he could have lived in almere . 
  this guy clearly has mental issues . 
  the article does n't cover it , but apparently he has two previous convictions for violent behavior . 
  either that or `` lapdog '' . 
  compared with our politicians of today even harry potter was not that bad . 
   ah , the gift that keeps on giving . 
   redditor for 36 minutes if you 're going to be edgy , at least be brave enough to do it with your real account . 
  that 's every day though . 
  21 red . 
  all in . 
   i like to think the historical , cultural and institutional bonds of the western world are deeper than temporary political intrigue . 
  i do n't dispute that . 
  once the us has regained its sanity we should definitely restore the relationship . 
  holding on to a relationship when the other side clearly has mental issues is also a bad idea . 
  i understand where you 're going with this , but it might have been better to post this with the original date in the title . 
  the same way al capone ended up in alcatraz . 
  then we disagree there . 
  they presented themselves as the true caliphate . 
  the strategy not only by the west , but also by our allies in the middle east in the last few years has been to discredit that claim . 
  you ca n't go `` well , alright then . 
  we were wrong about that . 
  still a bad idea to join their movement though ! '', 
  and expect people to stay away . 
   so `` not giving them credibility '' is more important than the life of innocent people ? 
  giving them credibility undermines the whole purpose . 
  it will give them more recruits , both in the west as well as in the middle east . 
  you 'd wack one mole but have three more popping up . 
   you can detain enemy fighters as prisoners of war before they perform an attack . 
  if you have reasonable proof that they were planning an attack . 
  someone 's beliefs are not that . 
   you only have to admit that we are at war with isis and that terrorists are enemy fighters instead of common criminals . 
  you 'd need to formally recognize is as a state . 
  doing so gives them credibility . 
   you can not jail ( punish ) suspected criminals but during a war you can detain suspected enemies as a protective measure . 
  so indefinitely ? 
  the ` war on terror ' is going on for sixteen years now . 
  or they were frustrated that all those hot singles in their area were n't real . 
  i do n't think the length of his time in office had anything to do with it . 
  it was more about the things he actually did . 
   preventively locking up terrorist suspects from the famous list as prisoners of war according to convention of geneva but they are n't prisoners of war though . 
  or even terrorists for that matter . 
  they 're suspects . 
  you ca n't jail people for simply being a suspect . 
  the government should definitely act if it has information that someone has committed or is about to commit a terrorist act . 
  someone involved in a terrorist cell ? 
  lock them up . 
  but you ca n't jail people without them committing a crime . 
  stretching the convention of geneva in this is overly rash since it hollows out the essence of that treaty . 
  [ yes ] ( http://i.imgur.com/uycntuw.png ) edit : i do n't dispute that radicalization takes place online . 
  i just have my doubts on whether or not ` regulating ' ( which is just a less terrible sounding version of ` restricting ' ) the internet is going to solve anything . 
  the conservative party has clamping down on the internet for years , both radical islamism and porn . 
  intensifying this is not the answer . 
  absolutely !, 
  access to porn websites is ruining our way of life !, 
  `` no really , we want to be a part of the eu . '', 
  nah man , i 'm sorry people like you relish in the pain of others . 
  if you feel so strongly about this , why not actually do something instead of being this fierce keyboard warrior ?
