  the sgp would rather force everyone to live according to their rules . 
  you can do that without being a fucking nazi . 
  [ got more dog whistles in there ? 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fourteen_words ), 
  yes , the majority of our cells is full of martians . 
   it is just another annoyance after bf1 . 
  the campaign missions or the multiplayer ? 
  and the contrary would help how ? 
  probably in a polder too . 
  i 'm sure you do . 
  you have some weird worldview . 
  what . 
  not helpful :(, 
  limburg is pretty much german . 
  you can have wilders . 
  go to kz-lager , do not pass go , do not collect daily 200 calorie ration ? 
  yeah mate , there 's terrible shit on both sides . 
  getting hit by a train is worse than getting hit by a truck . 
  both suck . 
  regardless of the death penalty , the prospect of a singapore prison does n't really excite me that much . 
   why has america a higher crime rates than european countries ? 
  clearly it 's because the us has n't executed enough people . 
  the people desperate enough to smuggle drugs through an airport are not deterred by the death penalty though . 
  it 's a shame the canals are pretty much clogged with boats nowadays . 
  depends , do they have a state-run propaganda network that covers up their crimes with lies and deceit ? 
  nope . 
  i have nothing against the russian people , but fuck russiatoday and their lies . 
   missed a plane ? 
   lost an election ? 
   blame it on us !, 
  you know how did n't miss the plane ? 
  the men of the [ 53rd anti-aircraft rocket brigade ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/malaysia_airlines_flight_17 ) . 
  not that you 'll ever hear russiatoday apologizing for their lies in covering mh-17 . 
  either that or a massive island where every bit of wildlife is trying to kill you . 
  hugo boss did not design the uniforms . 
  his company merely manufactured them . 
  winners on all sides . 
  it 's true . 
  we barely have any old people left . 
   i 'm also not making decisions for my country . 
  i 'm glad for it . 
  judging people by how many kids they have is definitely a show of bad judgement . 
  roosevelt on the other hand what ? 
  haha what . 
  how many kids do you have ? 
  you 're not seriously equating the spd with antifa ? 
  their policies have n't been leftwing in years . 
  you 'd be surprised how many regular people take part in looting stores when offered the opportunity . 
  mob mentality . 
  so the looters came from hamburg ? 
  from what i hear they 'll soon have # 350m a week to spend . 
  just about every year the uk suffers from severe flooding , resulting in millions of pounds in damages . 
  each time it happens people point at the netherlands for its effective anti-flooding measures , but in the end nothing gets done . 
  insuring nations against flooding is great , but tackling the problem at its source is better . 
  the uk does not have a good track record with either of these options . 
  this initiative is about economic influence in the third world , nothing more . 
  [ because the british track record is fantastic ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_floods#united_kingdom ) . 
  imagine his surprise when he finds out you ca n't sign an executive order for this . 
  breaking news : without putin the whole house of cards that is russian politics comes tumbling down . 
  sounds more like a problem with the distributors . 
  so trump bypasses congress with one of his executive orders . 
  the stream of us cash has some effect , but not significantly more than the billions the eu has invested in the economies so far . 
  trump leaves office in either four or eight years . 
  you do n't reckon that congress will halt the stream of free money ? 
  sounds incredibly sustainable . 
  so in your ideal world trump would commit the us to paying eastern european countries tens of billions each year in order to do what ? 
  form a block of conservative nations against the eu and russia ? 
  how would that go over with the rest of ` his ' party ? 
  i thought america first was all about non-intervention abroad ? 
  not realistic . 
  creating a loose alliance of conservative states in eastern europe without a proper economical basis leaves the us keeping them on life-support . 
  so much for america first . 
  why ? 
  is this new though ? 
  false passports have been promoted by spambots for years . 
  the parking spaces are no longer there . 
  there 's a cycling path now in its place . 
  i guess the neon signs were thought to be a bit tacky . 
  they 're mostly produced in greenhouses in the westland . 
  [ here 's the same location in google streetview ] ( https://www.google.co.nz/maps/@52.3742171,4.8946539,3a,75y,225.39h,95.11t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1s1fxyjvnvt9tdzsqgt0v3bq!2e0!7i13312!8i6656 ) , courtesy of / u/pennywaffer in the thread over at / r/thenetherlands, 
  [ this shady character ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/frans_van_anraat ) supplied the raw materials to create the chemical weapons , not the actual weapons itself . 
  the court ruled that he definitely knew what his stuff was going to be used for though . 
  yes , germany is well on track to have its city centers obliterated with firebombing . 
  what the fuck are you on about ? 
  clearly it was the jewish fascist obama all along . 
  both have to be towed to position anyways . 
   that these hackers , mustered by the nsa , are n't : do explain . 
  is there even such a thing as a provoked acid attack ? 
  it 's one of the cruelest things to do to someone . 
  did you even bother reading the article ? 
  nothing about your comment is relevant to the story . 
   one eyewitness said : `` from what i understand , [ a woman who had been at prayer ] was about to leave in her car and i believe she lost control . 
  by the way , can you believe he 's president ? 
  i mean , he won the popular vote with the highest margin . 
  tremendous success !, 
  are you suggesting the chinese did not fake 150 years of data ? 
  i 'm as much against the anti-vaccination movement as any other rational person . 
  getting scientific evidence would be the next step . 
  i ca n't imagine courts deciding in favor of the claimant if there is n't any scientific evidence to support their case . 
  if a doctor establishes that someone developed a disease after getting a vaccine , is n't that scientific evidence in itself ?
