did you even read my comment ? 
  i 'm on your side dumbass . 
  also when kobani was under attack , and turkey refused to help but simply blocked the borders . 
  the pkk made artillery and mortar attacks on turks . 
  they broke the ceasefire . 
  this was reported on us cnn in like march of 2015 . 
  so the ceasefire was very much broken at that point . 
  there was a last attempt at negotiations where the pkk simply laughed off any attempt at peace and the turkish side accused them of hiding weapons and militarizing the towns in southeastern turkey in preparation for war . 
  the pkk had been planning it for a long time . 
  they used the peacetime to gather weapons , recruits , and build defenses in cities and towns while they were busy with isis . 
  they used the kobani and fight against isis as a way to gather weapons and supplies from western nations . 
   you 're assuming that urartians stole land or conquered or what have you . 
  the facts are murky there . 
  it 's not an assumption it is a probability based on the reality of human ancient kingdoms . 
  pretty sure there has n't been an ancient kingdom worth writing about that did n't conquer others . 
   nkr that goes back thousands of years land is not first come first serve . 
  it 's whoever conquers it is theirs . 
  after international treaties , you can no longer annex lands , as armenia did in nkr . 
  the world changed , the armenians were too late . 
  but they did it anyway . 
  it 's an international crime . 
  if you say `` no no no ... 
  i do n't believe in international laws and i think anyone can fight any war they want ... '' then you can not hate azeris , they are completely allowed to take that land back if they feel like it . 
   the majority of nkao voted for secession . 
  so if we get 1000s of azeris to slowly but surely kill and scare away the armenians in every village , then we too can have a secession vote ? 
   so azerbaijan should be forced to join russia ? 
  russia was annexing lands and building an empire of oppression . 
  azeris were n't . 
   the turkish people had their self-determination respected during the fall of the ottoman empire . 
  no they were n't respected . 
  every attempt was made to stop them . 
  and that was before international laws on it . 
  during the time of `` might makes right . '', 
   no they did not . 
  armenians are the ancestors of the urartians . 
  you think the urartians never killed anyone for land ? 
  you 're really deluded . 
  ** you actually believe that urartians just appeared there magically ? 
  did jesus create the urartians in that land ? 
  **  the people of nkr have a right to self-determination . 
  then the azerbaijanis have a right to self-determination and taking it back . 
   historic armenian territories historic urartian territory stolen from indigenous peoples who did n't read and write . 
   an act of war is attacking the republic of armenia no an act of war is declaring secession . 
  why do n't you attack turkey and georgia ? 
  there 's historic urartian land there . 
  maybe make a little self-determination secession why not ? 
   majority indegenous armenian population of nakhijevan was ethnically cleansed from their homeland by the tatar turkic migrant community . 
  yeah and the `` indigenous '' armenian population also ethnically cleansed whoever was living there before . 
  you act like armenians appeared in a vacuum . 
  they evolved and fought in those lands just as much as the tatars or turkic tribes . 
   armenians in karabakh held a democratic referendum during the collapse of the ussr to secede and reunite with armenia . 
  that 's an annexation of sovereign land . 
  anyone who makes a secession must always prepare for war . 
  you do n't have a right to secede and join another country , that 's just annexation by the opposing country . 
  that 's an act of war . 
  what bullshit . 
  the armenians were the aggressors in karabakh . 
  the armenians and azeris have been fighting since 1900s , it has nothing to do with the dictator . 
  the hatred is very much brainwashed to young armenians from a young age in the apostolic church and in school system . 
  they are taught to hate turks and muslims from a young age . 
  it is so bad , that they even teach hatred in foreign countries where there are armenian schools . 
  that 's how much hate is preached . 
  enough with your holier than thou nonsense . 
  no one 's buying it anymore . 
  many westerners are well aware of armenian crimes and their hypocrisies . 
  russians committed actual cleansing of ukranians ( if we count soviets and russian czar times , then cleansing of kazakhs , ukranians holodomor , and many many other groups ) . 
  the armenians also committed cleansing of azeris from karabakh . 
  stop acting like christians are always 100 % right , and muslims are always 100 % wrong . 
  the world is not black and white . 
  it 's gray . 
  this is a deadly part of the world where both sides kill each other without mercy . 
  he said `` if it comes to it , blood will be spilled . '', 
  he 's talking about it in the context of a war in his homeland . 
  yeah he worded it like an idiot and yeah maybe he hates all non-muslims . 
  but this is one idiot and the group of retards who are cheering him . 
  people in this thread are using it to stereotype turks and spread anti-turkism . 
  i can post you several photos of dead azeris and dead turks , bloody and mutilated bodies ... then tell you about how some armenian did this ... how does that help anything ? 
  it just spreads more hatred . 
  how would stereotyping armenians help anything ? 
  enough with this kind of bullshit hate-spreading in / r/europe . 
  pervert what ? 
  murderous ? 
  he 's talking about karabakh , a war in his own country . 
  context matters , even if he said it horrifically bad . 
   but there are many of them . 
  and they are politicians , doctors , judges , workers , journalists ... whatever . 
  many of who ? 
  it 's not many at all . 
  they are very few in number and you 're stereotyping turks . 
  maybe this guy is a racist asshole , who gives a fuck ? 
  this is being used by people in this thread , to justify hating everyone that is associated with turks . 
  what does that mean ? 
  justify what ? 
  i did n't justify anything . 
  what is your conclusion ? 
  what is your conclusion , spit it out !, 
  spit it out . 
  that all turks are evil assholes who spout hateful shit , even `` vice presidents '' and `` doctors '' and `` university graduates '' ... aka conclusion : all turks are bad ? 
  why do you put on a turkish flag flair ? 
  can you explain that part ?
