if the internet is to be believed , they 're happy about these food bans . 
  they can get all the food they need from their reliable ally , north korea !, 
  the onion, 
  herlev hospital looks rather ominous . 
  yeah , they 've already annexed all they need . 
  i would gladly die to defend my albanian brother and sisters , i 'd expect the same from them . 
  i 'll never forget the day when valdimir banned fascist homogay propaganda . 
  he saved my life that die . 
  this whole time i had been living under the false western narrative that gays are people too . 
  what do you guys love about valdimir ? 
  who goes to another country , no , who goes to ** italy ** to eat kfc ? 
  he * is * right about some things . 
  he 's right about money in politics , how terrible the invasion of iraq was , and the tpp being a terrible deal for america . 
  the other things he says are , ehh ... 
  are you an american ? 
  great , kid , do n't get cocky !, 
  that is just terrifying, 
  reddit teaches me something new everyday . 
  i ca n't tell what i 'm looking at, 
  i agree with you , but i feel like if the us was n't as strong as it is , nations like north korea and maybe even russia would n't be nearly as restrained as they are . 
  those in congress believe this as well . 
  i 'm not saying i support the wasteful spending of our military , but we 've gotten to a point where even minor cuts in the military are seen as dangerous to the safety of the world and maybe they 're not 100 % wrong . 
  imagine a situation where the cost of healthcare was low , like super low . 
  in this scenario , hospitals become the new fast food chains , buy one ct scan , get one free . 
  at the same time , food prices are ridiculously high . 
  americans avoid eating at all costs because of the high cost of food . 
  in other western nations , food is seen as a right , and is offered for free . 
  the president tries to make food cheaper through the affordable food act . 
  this act faces fierce opposition and is decried as socialist and anti-american . 
  we 're over here fighting an extreme right party for the right to healthcare , yet i take offense at you calling my country a wasteland . 
  but they 'll be militarizing under the eu banner instead of the nato banner . 
  it 's not like countries can sell defunding things like infrastructure and healthcare to better fund the military to their citizens . 
  europe must be like living in a fairy tale, 
  russia : it 's like stepping back in time !, 
  he did n't even take a side , why was youtube so angry at him, 
  the swedish government tweeted a hetalia meme . 
  is this real life ? 
  merkel has some ovaries, 
  the aliens, 
  imagine what the middle east would be like if nobody needed oil, 
  why did n't they just carpool, 
  yeah , i thought they were supposed to be good at cleaning things up, 
  wow you never get a sense of how big a country is until you massively distort its size, 
  thought i was in russia for a second, 
  russia has cornered the market on crazed conspiracies and fake news . 
  i remember even years ago before this was all in the news as it is today , i found it disheartening how many people so easily fell for whatever the kremlin was spouting out . 
  i to this day have no idea why anyone trust the russian government-run rt or sputnik over the new york times , but they seem to be very popular with conspiracy theorists . 
  they seem to think american government = evil so anti-american government = good, 
  when did fucking gru become as powerful as the cia ? 
  russia has nowhere near the amount of money or resources the united states has , so how are they doing it ? 
  why would anyone think putin wants to save the west ? 
  it 's pretty obvious he 's trying his damnedest to destroy it . 
  british media always makes me feel a little better about my own, 
  some of these are just ... awful . 
  i mean i know american journalism is n't the best in the world , but some of these papers seem to be the very opposite of journalism, 
  the west is dead, 
  i do n't even understand what the white house is doing right now . 
  the president says says something stupid or potentially damaging to our alliances and then the administration sends someone out to say `` disregard that , we stand by our commitments . '', 
  first of all , he should n't be saying the stupid shit he 's saying at all . 
  second , he keeps saying the stupid shit . 
  do they really think mike pence is going to be able to calm our allies if our own president does n't even seem to be on the same page ? 
  it 's embarrassing . 
  does n't the president have a communications director ? 
  does n't the president understand how important our alliances are ? 
  does he really not understand how important the things he says are or how important his job is ??? 
  sorry that all just kinda came out, 
  i did n't draw the map . 
  you do n't usually see maps where western sahara is recognized as part of morocco . 
  surely putin would n't have the audacity, 
  what , that putin views the rise of nationalism in the west and the total rejection of a united europe as a good thing ?? 
  perish the thought . 
  is it the same trump impersonator in each video ? 
  how is this facebook 's fault ? 
  is this a trend or are these all being made by the same people ? 
  10 bucks says trump supporters turn this thread into a shitshow, 
  ok , just most of us, 
  i hated hillary clinton for screwing over bernie sanders in the primaries , but i know she 'd do an objectively better job than trump has done in 1 week . 
  we are all going to die . 
  it 's always something with this sub, 
  i was thinking about this the other day . 
  for centuries societies were run by kings , and when the king died , his kid got to be in charge of the country until * he * died , regardless of qualification . 
  i figure if we can make it through generations of that kind of governance , surely we can survive 4 years of an egotistical tiny-fingered demagogue right ? 
  right ? 
  ah yes , i 'm a traveled man . 
  i 've been to europe . 
  * has only been to london once *, 
  tell me how the g20 oppresses you in your everyday life, 
  jesus just because you do n't like the g20 you go and destroy innocent people 's property ? 
  * sanction europe over this attack on our values *, 
  wait wtf is this flair this is high treason, 
  `` i may have gone too far in a few places '', 
  no , do n't !, 
  it 's a trick !, 
  did the nazis know how to throw a room together or what , folks ? 
  well if you wan na get into the semantics of it , i was gon na include that it could mean country but i did n't want to muddy the waters . 
  i 'll be honest , i retained very little of my four years of chinese but the one thing i never forgot were country names . 
  guo means kingdom , in case you 're wondering . 
  so that 's where mei guo , ying guo , fa guo , come form . 
  yup 4 years of chinese for this one comment . 
  seeing celsius makes me feel so stupid,
