according to norwegian newspaper [ vg ] ( http://www.vg.no/nyheter/utenriks/dette-norske-skipet-knuser-putins-gassmonopol/a/23323424/ ) , the gas will come from the norwegian gas field sn\u00f8hvit ( `` snow white '' ) . 
  helsingfors is the proper name to use according to spr\u00e5kr\u00e5det ( the norwegian language council ) since when a finnish town have an official swedish variant we 're , for some reason , supposed to use that instead . 
  i use helsinki though , and i ca n't remember the last time i heard anyone say helsingfors instead of helsinki . 
  they are pretty bad . 
  both finland and sweden have much better roads in general . 
  i guess part of the reason is that road construction and maintenance can be more expensive here . 
  while you also have to deal with frost and winter weather like we do , we have more challenging terrain with a shitload of fjords and mountains . 
  so , we have to spend more money ... but we also * have * more money , so the other part of the reason is basically that it 's not prioritized high enough . 
  i have no opinion on the performance of the planes , but i agree that rafale looks great . 
  actually , the french airforce is currently doing some major pilot training up here in finnmark in northern norway and they 've been flying over my place with with a couple of rafale several times a day now for a week or so . 
  i ai n't even mad . 
  no one denies that a more powerful vacuum cleaner can pick up more dust . 
  the problem is that the power they list is not what you get in practice . 
  they typically only list how much power they draw . 
  not how powerful they are in practice . 
  for example , a model a from brand a is listed as 2200w . 
  but the measured effect ( `` suction power '' or whatever ) is only 227w . 
  a lot of power wasted with little to show for it . 
  and then you have model b from brand b listed as 1000w . . but the measured effect is 310w . 
  better than model a , and with half the power drain . 
  they needed some regulatory interference . 
  agreed . 
  it definitely is n't something that could be done right now , but i can see the eu gradually going in that direction . 
  we have enough in common for it to work . 
  and i think , in the long run , the eu needs to be more than just what it is now for it to survive . 
  europe ca n't stay fragmented if it wants to be relevant . 
  it just will take time . 
  now if only norway could fully join instead of fucking around with this weaksauce almost-member thing . 
  i blame the kgb ... 
  the country code might not be what you expect sometimes , but it 's actually an international standard . 
  for those who have any legitimate reason to need to know the country of origin , the country code is good enough and adding a flag would n't really do any good . 
  as for why it 's a eu flag for eu countries ? 
  like / u/javelinnl said , it 's likely to promote eu integration . 
  norway uses the eu-style registration plate , but have a norwegian flag in place of the eu flag . 
  it 's not required to have any flag there but an eu flag would n't make sense for norway , and just an empty space would look ... odd . 
  well , they sure taste magical . 
  reindeer meat is some of the best there is . 
  i live in finnmark and while it 's easy to get it here , a lot of people actually drive to northern finland or sweden to buy it ( as well as tobacco and other things that are cheaper there than at home ) . 
  enonteki\u00f6 in finland and karesuando/karesuvanto on the swedish/finnish border are fairly popular destinations since they 're relatively close to norway . 
  well , that does match the last part of my post . 
  there is , though , significant heat production with gas as the source ( 40k tj , compared to 60k tj each for coal/pelts and biofuels ) . 
  not sure where it 's used . 
  i 've had a finnish friend complain about the warm weather the last couple of years , so maybe it 's used for weather control . 
  unfortunately , the detailed data is locked behind a paywall . 
  in the case of norway , gas is not a significant source of heat . 
  waste burning ( used in [ district heating ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/district_heating ) ) , oil , biofuels and others are bigger sources . 
  for finland , a big source of heating in the country overall is actually from gas ( though not the biggest ) . 
  for sweden , gas is used but things like coal/peat , biofuels and waste burning is a bigger source . 
  for denmark , gas is a big source of heating . 
  bigger than coal , but smaller than biofuels . 
  the thing is that this does n't separate between use in private homes and in things like big commercial buildings and factories . 
  some other ( though a few year older ) numbers i looked at had gas as a completely insignificant source of energy in private homes in the nordic countries . 
  only denmark stood out , though gas was still not the biggest , and they had the most varied sources of all the nordics . 
  electricity rules supreme in norwegian homes , finland have a mix between biofuels , electricity and district heating and sweden with a mix of electricity and district heating . 
  i suspect , in the case of sweden and finland , some of the gas is used for district heating . 
  could be swapped out with some other sources anyway , like pellets ... or just burn more waste !, 
  basically , i would n't worry too much about gas dependency for the nordics . 
  all of it can be replaced . 
  ( source : mostly iea website ) . 
  when it comes to electricity , the nordic countries ( and the baltics ) have its own energy market , [ nord pool spot ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nord_pool_spot ) . 
  norway is well covered with hydro power , but electricity production can vary with weather and season , so some regions of the country import a lot from our neighbours anyway . 
  and when production is high , we export a lot . 
  i believe finland gets most of its imported electricity from sweden and norway but , again , this varies from day to day . 
  this [ map ] ( http://www.statnett.no/en/market-and-operations/data-from-the-power-system/nordic-power-flow/ ) is pretty cool . 
  i actually live and work in alta , but `` fortunately '' it did n't get higher than -22 in my neighbourhood :p, 
  :p crazy how big the differences can be between coast and inland sometimes . 
  -17 you mean . 
  edit : nevermind . 
  -18 now . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.esa.int/spaceinimages/images/2012/03/night_lights_in_europe ) . 
  some other interesting ones too , like [ paris ] ( http://www.esa.int/spaceinimages/images/2012/04/paris_by_night ) ( sadly just one year and not comparison of two years like other ) . 
  northern europe goes pretty far north though . 
  i live far north but near the coast , so it usually does n't get much colder than -20 to -25 at worst , but in towns further inland it can be -40 or lower , some days , in the coldest months . 
  i actually quite like the german flag , or at least the combination of colours . 
  - they 're 1 hour ahead of us ( norway ) , which was confusing when travelling there as a kid . 
  - people here also travel to finland for cheap ( er ) alcohol and tobacco ( and sometimes meat ) . 
  - a sauna in every home . 
  - thunderstone , nightwish , bomfunk mc 's ( mostly for freestyler ) . 
  looks a bit decapitated too , with half the country missing . 
  with finland and , to some extent , sweden suffering the same fate . 
  i realise it 's not exactly densely populated up north , but it still hurts !, 
  i 'm guessing that a lot , if not most , of our internet traffic goes through sweden , so anyone using it from outside norway ( or maybe even inside norway depending on where you live ) would be affected by the fra law . 
  norway does n't normally permit dual citizenship , although there are some exceptions to that rule . 
  some do , but it 's much easier to visit finland than russia thanks to schengen and the nordic passport union . 
  visiting russia requires a visa and a passport . 
  and you will be checked by border guards at the strickly guarded border between norway and russia . 
  visiting finland requires no identification papers at all . 
  the chance that you will even get stopped by customs is close to none . 
  besides the change in language and improved roads , crossing the border to finland is no difference than crossing the border to the next county . 
  tesla gets the headlines when it comes to evs in norway , but the e-golf actually sells very , very , well here . 
  we buy them as fast as vw can build them . 
  we 're a small market , but still . 
  you get a mid/high-end equipped e-golf for the price of a base petrol/diesel golf , so if you do n't need more range or you get it as a 2nd car , it 's a good buy . 
  the golf is the # 1 selling model here , and have been for years , so this a consideration for a lot of people . 
  shocking . 
  that * never * happens !, 
  sorry , last winter was n't wintery enough for us , so we stole all the winter this year . 
  love , northern norway, 
  well , some locals have suggested that finnmark should be in the same time zone ( utc +2 ) as finland anyway , since we 're so far east compared to the rest of norway ( utc +1 ) , and helsinki is closer to finnmark than oslo is anyway , so you got that going for you too . 
  and if you want to visit finnmark these days , there 's a good chance you have to go through finland anyway because of shitty roads that get closed at the drop of a hat .
