and as if by magic , here 's a comment from the [ bbc have your say section about this story ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-29910497?postid=120722321#comment_120722321 ) :  blatant pro eu propaganda  ideal story for the pro immigration bbc , no wonder they jumped on it and gave it headline space  the lack of facts , presented or available make this nothing more than political spin, 
  we do n't even vote for the party , we vote for the mp, 
  how can fucking swans not be someone 's fucking thing ? 
   far-right  i think its great wut, 
  it was in parts , like right at the end . 
  i do n't think it ever laid though . 
  constitutionally , yes . 
  the scottish parliament 's ( and the other devolved assemblies ) powers are dependent on westminster , because of parliamentary sovereignty . 
  both the scotland act and national health service act could simply be repealed by parliament if enough mps wanted to do so . 
  thatcher has probably the most concentrated hatred from a sizeable chunk of the population , but others love her just as much as some hate her . 
  the worst pm in the last hundred years is a tough one , but it 'd go for eden ( the suez crisis has to be one of , if the worst , balls up in the history of british foreign policy ) . 
  honourable mentions would be the numerous mps who 've fiddled expenses , the likes of jeffrey archer , and the outright racists like oswald mosely , enoch powell and nick griffin . 
  oh , and the not insignificant number of mps that were allegedly involved in paedophile rings . 
  from my experience , people my age ( 18 ) know surprisingly few prime ministers - people in my a-level politics class did n't know who attlee was . 
  other important post-war pms , like wilson or macmillan , are equally forgotten . 
  i imagine that part of the reason for this is that i do n't know of anyone who 's been taught post-war british history at school ( the cold war as a whole seems to be more commonly taught ) . 
  yeah , in terms of what he did , attlee is the best pm we 've ever had ( only lloyd george and churchill really come close ) plus he was a vital member of the war cabinet as deputy pm . 
  that said , if you asked the average person they would most likely only have a vague idea of who he is , so i reckon either thatcher or churchill would win any public vote . 
  yeah , but we only copied what the spanish were doing in cuba , and they do n't really seem adept at handling it . 
  but ... but ... / r/worldnews told me we 'll all die of ebola if we do n't quaratine all of africa, 
  * eye twitch *, 
  what 's belgium famous for ? 
  chocolates and child abuse , and they only invented the chocolate to get to the kids . 
  the uk has only really been truly democratic for the past 90 years , since universal suffrage . 
  the magna carta gave nobles more power but it did n't let any ordinary farmer affect policy . 
  hell , the monarch last overruled parliament in the 18th century , hardly 800 years ago . 
  why not ? 
  it 's a european union not a worldwide union . 
  that should really be the un 's job . 
  yeah , in economic terms the modern labour party are further to the right than the tories were in the 50s . 
  we 're the sixth largest economy in the world , with arguably the most important city as well as our own nukes . 
  yeah , we 're really irrelevant , are n't we ? 
  very few muslims support isis . 
  only the small group of nutters who go around handing out sharia leaflets and end up in the sun as a scare-story . 
  although even that might be overstating isis support : apparently even [ abu qatada thinks they 're too extreme ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/sep/07/isis-beheadings-islam-abu-qatada ) ( although he is on trial for terrorism charges so he might be bullshitting to get a leaner sentence ) . 
  that 's less of a socialist thing , more of an idiot thing ( you see it on articles about , for instance , climate change , where conservatives say it 's a liberal conspiracy and left-wing propaganda ) . 
  i mean , i 'm a socialist and respect the economist 's journalistic quality even though quite often they say stuff i do n't agree with - i 'm less accomodating towards the telegraph but that 's because they 've gone down the sensationalist clickbait route recently ( as have the guardian ) . 
  the economist is one of the most respected news magazines , it 's not ` pretty shit ' just because you do n't agree with it 's political slant . 
  maybe not a medal . 
  oratory is n't a very good gauge of someone 's morals or ethics , historically speaking . 
  how do they actually managed to get support by being so obviously neo-nazi ? 
  i mean , i 'd get it if people were desperate and attracted to their far-right rabbling but how can their [ flag ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/17/meandros_flag.svg ) not be an instant turn-off ? 
  especially seeing as greece was occupied in the war . 
  hitler was never elected chancellor ( he ran for president in the late 1920s but lost out to hindenberg ) as the nazis did n't have a majority in january 1933 , instead he was appointed by some of the leading german conservatives - notably von papen - who did n't entirely agree with hitler but saw him as easily controllable in a coalition government . 
  needless to say , that plan backfired . 
  and he did n't exactly make chancellor the highest office in germany , instead he combined the offices of chancellor and president after hindenberg died in 1934 to make himself fuhrer . 
  if you exclude the chop of their heads part you have a point . 
  it 's not like the royals are giving us , say , 80 % of their earnings . 
  it 's more like they 're taking 20 % of money that belongs to us . 
  depends how long the course is . 
  the date for independence if the yes side wins is 2016 , so you might have finished by then . 
  and i could easily see the date being pushed back a year or so if everything is n't ironed out . 
  / r/unitedkingdom gets more than a little right-wing when talking about muslims or roma . 
  especially the latter . 
  i 've seen ones that literally just say ` vote ukip ' on a story that is only marginally related to politics with hundreds of upvotes . 
  and people complain about shit-posting on reddit . 
  that 'll make it even easier !, 
  hang on , when did belgium rule the world ? 
  in the war we shot down german bombers with the help of radar . 
  but we did n't want them to know we had it , so we just spread a myth that our eyesight was so good because we ate lots of carrots . 
  what 's robin hood doing in scotland ? 
  i 've just realised the four coach trips i 've taken abroad ( brugge , strasbourg , milan and ypres ) make a [ nice pretty line ] ( http://i.imgur.com/wutqg5n.png ) . 
  [ this table ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/countries_of_the_united_kingdom_by_gva_per_capita ) splits per capita figures into regions . 
  london and the south east are both above average ( london massively so ) , with wales and the north east lagging behind the most . 
  yet recent polls have shown most people want to stay in the eu . 
  people might have voted for ukip as a protest vote , or the tories because they 're , well , conservatives . 
  and roma . 
  it seems that muslims and roma are two groups it 's acceptable to be prejudiced against . 
  he 's very patronising as well . 
  i ca n't stand him . 
  ahh , [ salami tactics ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ix_d_vmkswe ), 
  sort of . 
  it mainly wants more autonomy for the north . 
  although northern italy becoming indepedent would be really bad news for the south , would n't it ? 
  from what i can gather southern italy 's quite poor . 
  i do n't know , a lot of comments i 've seen on bbc and guardian articles are overwhelmingly pro-putin and seem to think because america invaded iraq that makes it okay for russia to invade ukraine . 
  [ not forgetting complete and utter scientific illiteracy ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ukzmsjv-bew ), 
  at the minute the lib dems have a lot of orange book liberals in their top positions ( clegg , davey , alexander , etc ) . 
  orange bookers are on the right of the party , and economically are pretty much conservative . 
  that 's why the coalition has been stable - their only major divisions are on constitutional issues and europe . 
  did n't know cecil rhodes had a reddit account, 
  god i love the sound of french elections, 
  you 're a nice bloke are n't you ? 
  calm down phelim o'neill , i 'm not the fucking earl of strafford, 
  whatever you say mate, 
  difference is supporting genocide is n't an instrinsic part of being british, 
  i mean fair play if you wan na hate us for treating like shit for 800 years but you ca n't deny nazis are bad guys . 
  like i 'm not armenian but still think those who committed and defend the genocide are grade-a arsewipes of the highest order, 
  i 'm sure if trump won by 3 million votes but clinton become president you 'd be just as accepting of it, 
  even the free exhibits at the british museum are among the best in the world - the rossetta stone , elgin marbles , ginger the mummy , etc. 
  as someone who 's going to ypres in a couple of weeks and failed miserably pronouncing the flemish phrases i 'm trying to learn , this is a massive relief . 
  bruges is the prettiest city i 've ever been to , [ it 's like a belgian venice ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/6f/bruegge_huidenvettersplein.jpg ) . 
  it 's not that big as well , so you could see most of it in a weekend . 
   especially in places like a former nazi concentration camps or a former jewish ghetto wow , people actually do this ? 
  in the uk , i 'm pretty sure most people know there 's some kind of difference , and just have n't really bothered to look into it . 
  for other countries , i 'd say a sizeable number have no idea there is a difference . 
  i 've read articles on american websites , for example , that switched between ` brits ' , ` english ' and ` the uk ' in a single paragraph ( when describing the same thing ) . 
  i think there was even one instance of a news channel saying ` wales , england ' . 
  what 's amusingly common is how many people do n't know the difference between the united kingdom , england , and great britain . 
  even people who live here .
