  they do see all the problems multiculti actually produces . 
  i do think there are deeper things at play . 
  i read an absolutely wonderful article by a psychiatrist yesterday linked to me by another redditor talking about this very thing . 
  the article was very america-centric but the gist was that every social group designates one or more out-groups , that is , `` social adversaries '' , that are more often than not actually very similar and geographically close . 
  it 's these out-groups that are the ones on the receiving side of the * real * hatred . 
  this real hatred which is directed not at random other groups , but at these other people who are * so * similar and yet * so * different . 
  a quick example would be for example the northern irish catholics and the northern iris protestants , or the hutus and the tutsi . 
  a congolese is never going to hate , say , the nepalese . 
  they are so far from him as to be completely inconsequential . 
  psychology has demonstrated , scientifically , through a series of tests , that people care a fuck ton about politics . 
  this sounds funny but the gist is that these tests have shown that while 99 % of white people have a conscious or unconscious bias against black people , that bias is doubled against people from the opposite side of the political spectrum . 
  that is , a racist right-winger person on average will be way more well-intentioned towards a black right-winger than a white left-winger , imagine that . 
  * beliefs * are more important than ethnicity or other superficial characteristics - which also explains how , for example , the nazi became such chums with the very non-aryan japanese during wwii . 
  on the political scene , and simplifying a bit , the right has as its designated out-group the mass of immigrants that it perceives as an existential threat . 
  that 's number one entry on the agenda . 
  the left has as its designated out-group the * right * itself that it perceives as fascist ( with all the connotations fascism has in our recent history ) . 
  that 's the number one preoccupation . 
  while the right will spend most of its energies on trying to discredit its outgroup ( immigrants , in this case ) , the left will do the same trying to discredit its outgroup ( the right ) . 
  edit : this , by the way , does n't really imply anything about the validity of the arguments themselves used by both parties ; this does n't mean that both left and right are completely irrational and acting only out of tribalistic interests . 
  what it points out is more prosaically what are the core concerns of both left and right and why a lot of the time there seems to be a complete breakdown of communication . 
  so , from the perspective of the left , the repulsive aspects of foreign cultures provoke much less of an emotional reaction and anger than a right-winger saying something they consider racist . 
  edit : the author offered as an example two notable deaths , osama bin laden and margaret thatcher . 
  when osama bin laden died a lot of left types decried the general cheeriness of the right-wing spaces , blaming them of inhumanity and callousness . 
  `` how do you dare celebrate the death of a human being ?! '', 
  was the rallying cry . 
  when margaret thatcher died , in lefty spaces there was a veritable explosion of cheery `` ding dong the witch is dead ! '', 
  and a lot of mocking social media shares , rehashing every single controversial thing done or said by thatcher . 
  suddenly the sanctity of human life and dignity of death did n't seem as important , even though it 's very arguable that thatcher was n't a worse human being than motherfucking osama bin laden , leader incognito of al-qaeda . 
  the author postulated that osama bin laden 's remoteness from the daily concerns of a left type allowed the emergence of compassionate , abstract mental mechanisms . 
  when thatcher died , it hit close to home . 
  bin laden was the leader of the outgroup 's most hated target , thus any celebration of his death would have `` played in the hand '' of the enemy ; thatcher , instead , was one of the * outgroup 's leaders * . 
  thus for the left the most important thing is not to 100 % honestly criticise the faulty aspects of immigration which they nonetheless see or even offer reasons why immigration is actually desirable , but to forcefully deny or shoot down all right wing arguments - or even all arguments that could help the right wing position , or even everything that they associate with the right ( the writer made an interesting observation about the fact that liberal white people in the us have taken up racial self-deprecation as an hobby - you know the whole `` white cis het guys are the devil '' articles unfailingly written by white people - because they identify `` white , cis , het and male '' as the defining characteristics of their outgroup , that is conservative republicans , and * not * because they are so humble , self-aware and `` woke '' ) . 
  the article was much more extensive and interesting than this small summary i 've given , i 'll try to find it and link it here . 
  does n't disprove what i said . 
  the countries you listed attract migrants because they 're rich ( well , italy is debatable ) . 
  countries like portugal or spain attract because they have a strong colonial past . 
  an hypothetical colombian looking to get into europe might take into consideration the fact that spain is n't swimming in cash , but the fact that spanish is spoken and there are already big colombian communities is likely going to make him go for it . 
  both reasons can coexist . 
   now someone ( `` the left ? '' ), 
  - postulates with exactly zero proof that multi-kulti is good for ... reasons it 's funny how nobody has ever managed to explain exactly why multikulti is so good but it 's to be taken as some sacred dogma all the same . 
  i think a more nuanced answer is in order - it definitely is not as simple as saying `` hahaha eastern europe sucks ! '' . 
  surely the financial situation contributes , but imo the biggest reason why eastern europe is n't multicultural is because it does n't have a strong colonial past . 
  take portugal for example - it 's not exactly the richest country in europe ( portuguese friends please do n't bash me , but let 's be honest ) but it does have sizeable minorities , from former colonies mostly , and newer eu states . 
  so even a small , struggling economy can perfectly well attract migrants from more disadvantaged locations . 
  also slovakia is n't as boring as one would think , because only 80 % of the population is slovak . 
  there are sizeable hungarian , czech , polish , serbian , german , jewish minorities . 
  that 's multicultural too , they 're just all white . 
  if slovakia had ever had an african colony , i 'd bet hard cash there would be a ton of africans in bratislava . 
  this is the 1 million euro question, 
  i have googled a bit because this stuff makes me feel bad and angry with humanity . 
  looks like this piece of info has been around since at least [ 2007 ] ( http://www.ledevoir.com/culture/actualites-culturelles/159981/patrimoine-la-france-demolit-des-eglises ) . 
  the news was reported in numerous catholic publications . 
  but it also goes on to say ( thankfully !, 
  this news sprung up again around 2013 on the internet with numerous blogs reporting it . 
  however , i have not been able to find this senate report . 
  what looks certain is that since 2000 at least 20 churches have been demolished in france , but 2800 has been something of an exaggeration spread by the press . 
  fortunately , there is still a great majority support for the maintenance of the highest number of churches possible . 
  muslims are completely obsessed with jews . 
  not surprising when there 's a widespread belief that jews are `` apes and pigs '' [ e.g. 
  this absolutely terrifying video where a smiling newscaster asks a little girl if the jews are actually `` apes and pigs '' like it 's a totally normal question ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ms2t2e76o8i ) . 
  it 's particularly hilarious really when you understand how 2/3 of them really think the jews are behind every single bad thing ever happened on earth - a lot of times one would be justified in asking themselves `` stormfront or muslim ? '' . 
  everything is a conspiracy theory with the mossad behind it ; the jews did 9/11 , the mossad did charlie hebdo , the mossad finances isis ( or actually is isis ) , so on so forth . 
  anyway . 
  i do think one thing , that is that when one culture just does n't care about preserving its cultural artefacts it 's only a matter of time before it gets swept away . 
  not by an invading culture , mind you ; today , t 's just by the soulless , grey , neutral , globalised world culture that has most of the western world in its grip . 
  which is the perfect background for all kinds of parallel societies to flourish . 
  just thinking about all that careful painstaking community labor to build up those beautiful churches and cathedrals , all that loving stonework , woodwork , glasswork , painting , sculpting ... the place where hundreds of people , our own ancestors , worshipped and experienced the great life rites , baptisms , weddings and funerals ... all getting torn down to rubble . 
  and for what ? 
  to build another apartment building , another shopping centre ? 
  another community pool ? 
  the next mcdonalds joint with complimentary car park ? 
  as a firm atheist , i 'd take a beautiful church , even ruined , like that 100 times before another soulless shopping centre or another ugly apartment building . 
  `` away with the old , in with new '' , when the `` new '' is 99 % of times not worth even a fraction of what was destroyed . 
  there 's never money for renovations and cultural conservation , but there 's always money for bombs and military warplanes , when a single one of those military warplanes could fund the renovations for hundreds of cultural artefacts . 
  what a sad state we live in . 
  s/he read the report wrong . 
  there are about 100.000 religious buildings , of which 90.000 are catholic . 
  the other 10 % are mostly protestant , muslim , jewish and buddhist . 
  that screenshot is awful already . 
  not watching that shit . 
  how disgraceful . 
  erasing history , culture and art just like that ; but there 's always money to bomb some fuckers in some desert , of course . 
  problem is aussies and kiwis are of mostly western/northern european stock with no melanin . 
  ten minutes under full sun and they get sunburnt . 
  my , that 's a strongly worded statement is n't it, 
  incidence is pretty high but considerably less than western and northern europe , higher than spain and portugal though . 
  less than one third of au and nz rates . 
  i 'll take domestic abuse over parallel societies and terrorism any day . 
  you can work on domestic abuse and women integration in society . 
  dealing with islam is on a whole different plane . 
  my vote would be east asia or latin america . 
  latin americans are going to be slightly more problematic on the crime front than the japanese ( lol ) but they 'd pose only a very small fraction of the problems and grief currently posed by the crop of `` architects , doctors and engineers '' we 're getting from mena . 
  i 'll never get the self-loathing of these extreme left types . 
  total delusion . 
  that 's one absolutely fascinating subreddit . 
  thank you, 
  well no , at least in my city the metro is public property . 
  there 's also public national trains etc. 
  also what about public administrative offices , or libraries , or hospitals ? 
  i think i can live on just fine without the ass sweat everywhere .
