  which makes it all the more hilarious when people ask infertile couples why do n't they `` just adopt '', 
  are n't they ? 
  the comparison made me lol, 
  the roma children are also much less cute than slavic children on average , i think that influences the situation a lot too, 
  yeah , what kind of bullshit, 
  do you know how the roma are seen in continental europe tho, 
  the reason why communists and anarchists have shifted towards globalism of the no borders variety is that they think of it as a catalyst for the downfall of capitalism . 
  of course it 's such a varied political sub-spectrum that it 's hard to make sweeping declarations , but general endgame for them is total social subversion . 
  the end goal is the same , the means change . 
  my own communist friends ( those of the more ideologically knowledgeable kind ) have in some occasions kinda let it slip that mass immigration , for a number of reasons ( first of which the sheer numbers ) is helpful in revving up `` acceleration of history '' - meaning the acceleration of the inevitable downfall of capitalism as theorised by marx and engels . 
  thanks !, 
  it was really interesting for me too . 
  it definitely resonated with me . 
   you just sound xenophobic you just sound like a dumbass , because the whole point is that bias against political belief is * higher * than bias against other races . 
  how that even correlates with my personal xenophobia , i do n't know . 
  guess logical thinking is not everybody 's strong suit . 
  the test is called iat , implicit association test . 
  [ here 's ] ( http://www.vox.com/2014/12/26/7443979/racism-implicit-racial-bias ) a nice entry level article . 
  thanks for this post , at least someone tried to defend it . 
  let 's examine your arguments :  one of the strongest arguments for multiculturalism is the synergic collaboration between people from various backgrounds , coming to ideas and achievements together they would not have reached individually , had they not met and collaborated as a result . 
  the most entrepreneurial nations and areas are some of the most diverse in the globe for this reason . 
  this does n't say much , does it . 
  japan is a technological powerhouse and it 's pretty much 100 % japanese . 
  china , while pretty multicultural ancestrally , is made up of 90 % han chinese and is entrepreneurial as fuck . 
  south korea , the same . 
  these are all very homogeneous countries that achieve a lot , while not needing any mass immigration from third-worlders . 
  the united states are definitely an economic powerhouse , but their surplus wealth in comparison to european countries is mostly due to the fact that they did n't get destroyed economically or demographically , unlike many european countries , during two world wars and a number of dictatorships on european soil . 
  on the intellectual front , our own european countries reached the very peaks of thought ( including the ones that power up the `` lefty bleeding heart types '' ethos ) without needing any , say , african or pakistani , contribution . 
  mass immigration , `` multiculturalism '' of the western europe type , then is not a * necessary * premise for high economic or intellectual output . 
   brain drain brain drain is actually very useful from a western perspective , but it 's not an useful concept in the context of a discussion about * mass immigration * from africa and middle east . 
  the millions flooding here are not , some laughable rhetoric notwithstanding , all doctors , engineers and rocket scientists . 
  nobody in their right minds would ever be opposed - well , i hope - to moroccan physicists or nigerian mathematicians . 
  the fact is that these physicists and mathematicians are 1 ) a very small minority of the immigrant population ( just like it is in europe - it 's not like we 're genetically smarter or some bullshit ) , and 2 ) find legal ways to immigrate and immediately contribute to research . 
  summary is , the fact that some pakistani engineers immigrate legally to europe is n't really an argument for letting in millions of unvetted third-worlders with dubious educational achievements . 
  also , as an aside , science does n't work on the basis of cultural `` intuitions '' . 
  it 's not like a syrian astrophysicist is going to have some incredible intuition about the universe because of his muslim background or the fact that he really likes falafel and hummus . 
  he 's going to have such an intuition because he knows a fuck load of maths and physics . 
  cultural backgrounds pretty much disappear in science , because they 're the very definition of subjective . 
  science is all about objectivity . 
   we 're seeing signs how physical laborers physical labourers = / = brain drain . 
  also , the need for physical labor in western societies is going extinct fast . 
  we do n't need millions of new immigrants every year to work in factories , especially when factories are either relocating to the third world or being automated at break neck speed . 
   successfully implemented multiculturalism leads to more peace through building up consideration for other people and cultures and through the natural humbling effect it has on people because of sheer exposure . 
  placing yourself in an international coordinate system instead of the ` personal universe of you ' so typical in monocultural countries helps to identify strengths and weaknesses as well in an objective manner . 
  multiculturalism is not necessary for this , * nor * does it automatically lead to more understanding and an enlightened society . 
  iceland is a very considerate and kind place in the vein of other scandinavian countries , but it 's very homogeneous . 
  israel is a very diverse place , but it 's something of a hellhole . 
  the united states are the single one most multicultural place on earth probably and it still manages to be very conflicted and to wage all kinds of war against all kinds of brown people , the only places it refrains to touch being those protected by nukes . 
  india has an incredibly diverse population since forever and * a lot * of internal strife . 
  the only thing that cures the kind of ethnocentrism you 're talking about is a good dose of cultural relativism , which is another western cultural product . 
  starting with protagoras , the strain of relativism remained dormant for quite some time until it started gaining more ground after the seventeenth century and became more or less modus operandi with the postmodernists in the twentieth century ( post-wwii ) . 
  anybody who embraces some measure of relativism can become a tolerant , open-minded person ; having four halal butcheries in the radius of 1 km is not exactly necessary . 
  the `` successfully implemented '' premise does n't make this argument any more compelling . 
  it 's a bit like communism . 
  many people would agree that a successfully implemented communism utopia would be a great thing , the problem is that it looks like it 's never been implemented successfully . 
  so why should we suddenly believe that yes , this one time , it 's gon na work ? 
   the very issues ( which are imo not as huge or systematic as some people with agendas would like to make them look ) it 's good that you recognise it as just your opinion  we have come from the segments of people who feel wronged , who remain outsiders and unwelcome guests in a society that does not wants them , aka . 
  the opposite of organic multiculturalism . 
  it could be debated for a long time just how many things europe gives these immigrants in the form of all kinds of freedom , welfare and benefits that would be unheard of in their home countries . 
  it could also be debated that integration is a two way street . 
  if you come to a country and only stick to your fellow nationals , no matter how understandable it is , it 's * very * debatable how much of a right you have to complain when the host country becomes increasingly suspicious of your community . 
  not to mention that , personally , i feel like the onus of integration relies mostly on the immigrant , and not the host . 
  moving somewhere is a privilege , not a right . 
   multiculturalism leads to tolerance not only on a social , but a personal level as well , which lets and even encourages people to stray from the middle of the road , the beaten path and try to reach their personal aspirations , instead of suppressing them in favor of a more generally accepted future , resulting in less personal happiness and sense of fulfilment . 
  this is completely unsubstantiated . 
  sorry but this is really the least convincing argument i 've ever seen in favour of multikulti . 
  straying from the beaten path and marching to the beat of your own drum are the results of post-enlightenment , highly intellectual , secular societies . 
  feminism did n't start because the suffragettes saw a bunch of muslim women and thought `` hey , we want a piece of that '' , it started because of the ideals of self-determination brewing in nineteenth century europe and united states . 
  all alternative self-determinative ( is that even a word ) ethos has its roots in similar and interconnected social phenomena of the nineteenth century . 
  the freedom to stick it to your local priest and become a hippy living in a tent tripping balls 24/7 only comes because of secularism and the freedoms inscribed in our western constitutions . 
  if anything , it 's the immigrant who , by coming here , get to `` stray from the middle road '' of their own cultural communities . 
   it never entertains the idea that it is possible to elevate the long-existing culture to a new , higher ground through the contributions of both the mainstream culture and the freshly arrived ones . 
  it 's just that nobody has yet seen anybody reach this `` new , higher ground '' through uncontrolled mass migration . 
  what everybody can very well see is strife and grievances . 
  this promise that `` just ride it out , in 3-4 decades it will be just peachy ! '', 
  is n't of much consolation to those who walk through whole neighbourhoods of their cities that have become veritable ghettos , or when your whole country starts feeling kinda foreign . 
  i doubt there are many old-timers in malmo who look at the state of their city today and say `` man , it 's a lot better now than in the sixties ! '', 
  ( then again , it being sweden , who knows ) ; and that goes for a lot of other places . 
  all in all , your arguments mostly rely on faulty correlations and promises , hinging on the fact that multiculturalism be `` successfully implemented '' . 
  promises are just words in the wind , and what if multiculturalism ends up being not successfully implemented ? 
  or is successful multiculturalism all multiculturalism where people manage to not start race wars ? 
  that sure is a low standard . 
  not to mention that the - fairly unsubstantiated - promise of a `` better '' , `` dynamic '' , multicultural future might just ring hollow for a lot of people who would have been pretty content with a - fairly certain - `` okay '' , `` kinda boring '' monocultural future . 
  how is their point of view any less valid than that of a fervent globalist ? 
  now , i think that only few people are going to argue that multiculturalism is the scourge of humanity . 
  i myself do n't believe it - i actually like having friends all over the world , i like foreign food , i definitely think foreigners are not `` all out to get us '' like some paranoids maybe do . 
  what i just do n't agree with is the dogma that multiculturalism is a great thing no questions asked , or that it 's even so incredibly desirable or that people should just be ecstatic at the thought of becoming a minority in their own native countries . 
  to me , it 's more of a necessary evil . 
  the cat is out of the bag and now we must deal , with the freedom to crack down hard when necessary because no , not every single aspect of every culture is invaluably precious . 
  really surprised by iceland . 
  any icelanders willing to chime in ? 
  to be honest multiculturalism is ( almost ? ), 
  always associated with strife and grief . 
  either in hellishly extreme form , say , english or spanish people and the american natives , or in milder form , that is the usual , never-ending and ever-changing squabble and animosity between cultures that coexist together ( e.g. 
  christian europeans and the jews for almost a couple of millennia , shia and sunni , chinese han and the other chinese ethnic groups etc. 
  only because criticism of foreign cultures has been dubbed by the post-modernists as an undeniable demonstration of ethnocentrism and racism . 
   my personal opinion is that people advertising multikuli never experienced it actually . 
  most of the time , we 're talking of highly educated intellectuals which interacted only with other highly educated intellectuals from different cultures . 
  i do n't think it 's this , necessarily . 
  not all lefty bleeding hearts are wealthy or incredibly removed from the nitty gritty of immigration .
