  i hope the backlash will make them reconsider . 
  i guess it would be fine by you if humans just destroyed every other species ( at most keeping them in zoos for our viewing pleasure ) . 
  just dumb animals , and dangerous too !, 
  who cares , right ? 
  how are salaries in hungary atm ? 
  as an atheist this is basically my number one reason to oppose mass immigration from muslim countries . 
  i have nothing against people who hold quiet religious belief as a * part * of their identity . 
  but muslims by and large tend to be too devout to a religion that is basically a whole sociopolitical project aiming to define a believer 's every waking moment . 
  it 's just bad news . 
  yeah , pretty much . 
  i do n't see what 's stopping them . 
  source on that ? 
  yeah but when it 's germany or austria or denmark getting invaded by the thousand it 's a crisis and deals must be reached immediately . 
  if it 's italy getting fucked daily it 's just an annoyance and southern inefficiency on display and the rest of the eu can just ignore it for years . 
  got it . 
  italy really should n't id any migrant and just smuggle them all northwards . 
  and when we inevitably get closed off , i personally would stop sending all funding to the eu until the other gov ` ments get their heads out their asses . 
  i do n't know why people do n't get that you ca n't invade other countries ' waters as if you own them . 
  we literally can not take them back to libya . 
  what you are suggesting is that we let them die . 
  i mean , that 's a legitimate opinion to hold ( freedom of speech and all ) , but , even not considering the morals behind such a choice , i just ca n't see how there would n't be an international outcry of biblical proportions if italy/the eu let that happen . 
  it 's just kind of unthinkable , because the eu was built basically on the very foundations of human rights and being a safe asylum for the suffering . 
  it 's such a mess , especially if one thinks about the impending consequences of catastrophic climate change that will bring millions upon our shores . 
   what keeps renzi from tinkering a deal with lybia ? 
  the fact that it 's high time for the eu as a whole to take a stance on african immigration instead of concerning itself only with the sources of immigration that are somewhat inconvenient for the big players . 
  the deal with turkey was eu-wide , the deal with libya should be too . 
  as far as i know , we 're not invading libyan waters to get the migrants , we just take them to our islands when they get into italian waters . 
  which is the only sane thing we can do , because we ca n't let them keep travelling on those rafts . 
  what happens when we miss one of those boats is that you hear 1000 dead in the mediterranean . 
  and nobody wants to hear about 250 dead children under 10 years old . 
  why should we do it and not eu a whole ? 
  are we a union or not ? 
  why are we supposed , as a country that is struggling already , to spend billions on the stuff you 're saying ? 
  `` send troops if necessary '' means war . 
  is italy supposed to go to war so that the rest of europe can live more comfortably ? 
  fuck no , that 's not happening . 
  either we do things as a union or we do n't do shit and keep sending people north-wards without id ` ing them . 
  yes , it 's like people think we can fence off the motherfucking sea or something . 
  or shoot people on sight , including women , children and babies . 
  i mean , if the complaining europeans are so gung-ho on genociding people coming here they should just say it clearly instead of pussyfooting around the issue and complaining about our policies . 
  the only possible solution i see would be making a deal with libya so that our military ships can tow the migrant boats back , one by one . 
  and deals with the rest of the african countries that they 're not getting aid if they keep leaking and not taking their nationals back . 
  but libya is a fucking mess and it looks like nobody in the eu wants to deal with all the diplomacy necessary to strike those deals . 
  so here we are . 
  yeah but that would mean the implosion of the eu . 
  if countries start walling themselves off * from their eu neighbours * that 's the death toll for the project . 
  tbh what makes me laugh a lot is how there are northern europeans complaining about our `` ferry service '' . 
  i mean , yes , it 's insane how many people are crossing the sea and it 's probably not sustainable . 
  but what are we , as a single state , supposed to do exactly , especially when the departing countries do n't want them back ? 
  let them die in the sea , sink their boats ? 
  no thanks , we do n't need to be the villains so that the rest of europe can rest on their laurels . 
  if merkel and hollande ai n't interested about cooperating on this issue , we should do our best to send them all of those they 're conveniently forgetting . 
  also the funniest thing is that she 's wearing a veil and also showing a lot of leg . 
  it 's hilarious, 
  made me laugh , have a friendly upvote, 
  lmao i wonder if it 's possible to have your head even farther up your ass than this, 
  'cause the eu - that actually means germany plus a few rich satellites - only gave a fuck about immigration when it came knocking at their door as 2 million syrians flooding the place . 
  italy has been spending the past decade managing thousands of migrants daily , alone . 
  had we let them systematically die in the sea , as many did , the same eu beautiful souls would have raised hell about our `` inhumanity '' and italy needing to `` step up their efforts '' . 
  fuck the eu and its conveniently forgetful policies . 
  not if we do n't even register them as having ever arrived here . 
  surprise ` fugee !, 
  yeah . 
  it 's not like they can build actual walls along the border . 
  when you have hundreds , thousands of people desperate to get the best benefit deal , they 're probably gon na find a way to get to the honey pot . 
  that 's not really a problem for us because we can just give them a couple bucks and make them go north , as we should be doing tbh . 
  african immigration is their problem as much as it is ours , if they do n't want to see it ... they 'll see it regardless . 
  well , guess that * is * one way to get more babies, 
  this sounds great . 
  hopefully you 're storing their fingerprints too . 
  well , it 's other countries who have been clamouring for getting as many refugees as they can ( see : germany , sweden , etc. ) . 
  hungary never asked for it and expressed a dislike for the mass invasion of completely unvetted people since the start . 
  if anything , they 're being consistent . 
  hungary is a lovely country tyvm, 
  do you agree that breivik was a terrorist ? 
  yes or no ? 
  if yes ( and even if no ) this guy here ( just like breivik ) was a terrorist . 
  there 's absolutely no difference . 
  terrorism on a single individual is still terrorism . 
  no definition states that there must be multiple victims . 
  this piece of simple logic is raysist, 
  gov ` ments and media are starting to figure out that reporting things as they are - such as the fact that a muslim guy attacking an obviously religious jewish man while shouting allahu akbar is a * hate crime * if not outright terrorism - is eventually gon na lead to fury against the pet minority . 
  so they have to play it off as `` mental illness '' . 
  they 're playing with fire though . 
   who was at least somewhat connected to the radical right . 
  and you think this guy here was n't `` somewhat connected '' to radical islam ? 
  sieg heil , of course, 
  absolutely disgraceful how they 're trying to spin it as `` mental illness '' . 
  damn right radical islam is a mental illness . 
  really ? 
  i know about romania 's roman past ( lol ) but i did n't think you still considered yourself latin . 
  like , i know lots of romanians here in italy and they look pretty slavic to me . 
  that being said a lot of italians , french and spaniards do n't look latin either . 
  cool then !, 
  we 're bros. 
  now i 'm curious haha how do you romanians consider yourselves ? 
  considering that brexit is never going to happen ... and before someone jumps on my ass y' all know that the ukip fantasy of a completely independent uk economically pissing all over the eu and not accepting a single eu migrant no more is ^ never ^ ^ gon na ^ ^ ^ happen ^ p.s. 
  ^ please ^ downvote ^ me ^ i ^ feed ^ on ^ delicious ^ leaver ^ frustration, 
  i think romanians hate them all the more because they have often been conflated with the gypsies . 
  let 's say i can see why that would n't be the most desirable association,
