i have n't solved shit , nor do i pretend to . 
  your first paragraph is both confused and confusing mumbo-jumbo ( who the hell talked about inborn morals ? ), 
  - like most relativistic philosophy , which you seem to subscribe to . 
  for what it 's worth , i definitely do n't think they 're born evil - that 's absurd and dictionary-definition racist . 
  just , their culture has lots of shitty points . 
  and they have to work on those shitty points pronto if they want to live here or they can fuck back off where they came from . 
  i 'm a woman . 
  i do n't need any more potential rapists in the streets , i do n't need any more people thinking i 'm a tool for sexual use because i wear a skirt . 
   will everybody be like `` a course that teaches me that women have human rights and and are n't my property ? 
  that sounds awesome , let 's enroll '' ? 
  obviously not . 
  therein lies the problem . 
  i 'm not oversimplifying anything . 
  being ` brainwashed ' is not an excuse . 
  cutting off your little girl 's clitoris because you were born in a family that endorses this practice is not acceptable . 
  you do n't get a pass because you were ` brain-washed ' . 
  on a semi-related note , the use of brainwashing itself is bullshit . 
  every culture 's strategy of self-replication is ` brainwashing ' . 
  you 'd raise your kids with a belief in human rights and freedoms , rights ? 
  congrats , you 're brainwashing them . 
  there 's no brainwashing , only culture replicating itself through the generations . 
  coming from a culture with fucked up morals - at least relatively to the culture that saves your ass in times of need - does n't give you any pass to be a despicable asshole . 
  you did n't answer my question though - do you think someone who believes raping women in shorts is ok would voluntarily attend such a class ? 
  yes ? 
  do you think someone who believes raping women in shorts is ok would voluntarily attend such a class ? 
  it 's voluntary . 
  useless, 
  man , we have to stop these fucking norwegian christians assault raping left and right all over europe, 
  i bet greenlanders and the faroese would disagree, 
  what the hell man, 
  poland is crazy beautiful, 
  agreed . 
  of course isis is n't an ideology per se - it 's an international movement informed by an ideology ( in this case salafist islam ) . 
  that 's semantics though . 
   by stupid i mean `` actively disassociating the horrible things you do to other people , with the thought of going to heaven as a reward for the things you 've done '' . 
  that 's not stupidity . 
  which btw makes it even scarier, 
  has anybody considered the option that is is actually both ? 
  a ( n unofficial ) state and a widespread ideology ? 
  nope frankly , she 's smarter than that, 
  how ? 
  italy has n't been a democracy since like 2011 . 
  i ca n't speak about other countries but there have been recent reports in the italian media about the living conditions in multiple large pig farms here in norhern italy . 
  the animals were living in their own filth , crammed , showing clear signs of extreme distress , many were sick and there were dead piglets lying around . 
  not to mention legal stuff that is still completely horrifying like making sows birth an unnatural number of piglets and keeping them and the piglets in cages where they do n't have enough spaces to move their limbs . 
  i could go on . 
  there was nothing humane about anything of what was shown . 
  you talk as if corruption does n't exist . 
  in italy , it does . 
  nobody gives a fuck about the animals ' welfare if there 's more euros to be made . 
  lol y' all got some nerve, 
  she 's not doing it to feel better about herself, 
  lol you 're na\u00efve, 
  oh yeah , let 's just dump the problem on italy , greece and hungary, 
  both , really . 
  the animals are so weak due to genetic selection for maximum productivity ( which creates lots of health problems for the animal ) and treated so horrifyingly that they only way they can be kept alive is by an extensive use of antibiotics from the moment they 're born . 
  apart from the risk of antibiotic resistance , guess where the drugs in the animals ' tissues end up . 
   sharia-feminazi-socialist utopia that would be a true wonder to behold, 
  ha , not doubting your reading abilities !, 
  just wanted to share some highlights from the report  i agree that it 's a bit worrying . 
  should sharia be the law of the land ? 
   in south asia , high percentages in all the countries surveyed support making sharia the official law , including nearly universal support among muslims in afghanistan ( 99 % ) . 
  more than eight-in-ten muslims in pakistan ( 84 % ) and bangladesh ( 82 % ) also hold this view . 
  the percentage of muslims who say they favor making islamic law the official law in their country is nearly as high across the southeast asian countries surveyed ( 86 % in malaysia , 77 % in thailand and 72 % in indonesia ) .15  in sub-saharan africa , at least half of muslims in most countries surveyed say they favor making sharia the official law of the land , including more than seven-in-ten in niger ( 86 % ) , djibouti ( 82 % ) , the democratic republic of the congo ( 74 % ) and nigeria ( 71 % ) . 
   support for sharia as the official law of the land also is widespread among muslims in the middle east-north africa region -- especially in iraq ( 91 % ) and the palestinian territories ( 89 % ) . 
  only in lebanon does opinion lean in the opposite direction : 29 % of lebanese muslims favor making sharia the law of the land , while 66 % oppose it . 
  stoning for adulterers :  some of the highest support for stoning is found in south asia and the middle east-north africa region . 
  in pakistan ( 89 % ) and afghanistan ( 85 % ) , more than eight-in-ten muslims who want islamic law as their country 's official law say adulterers should be stoned , while nearly as many say the same in the palestinian territories ( 84 % ) and egypt ( 81 % ) . 
  a majority also support stoning as a penalty for the unfaithful in jordan ( 67 % ) , iraq ( 58 % ) . 
  however , support is significantly lower in lebanon ( 46 % ) and tunisia ( 44 % ) , where less than half of those who support sharia as the official law of the land believe that adulterers should be stoned . 
   in southeast asia , six-in-ten muslims in malaysia consider stoning an appropriate penalty for adultery . 
  about half hold this view in thailand ( 51 % ) and indonesia ( 48 % ) . 
  death for apostasy :  taking the life of those who abandon islam is most widely supported in egypt ( 86 % ) and jordan ( 82 % ) . 
  roughly two-thirds who want sharia to be the law of the land also back this penalty in the palestinian territories ( 66 % ) . 
  in the other countries surveyed in the middle east-north africa region , fewer than half take this view . 
   in the south asian countries of afghanistan and pakistan , strong majorities of those who favor making islamic law the official law of the land also approve of executing apostates ( 79 % and 76 % , respectively ) . 
  however , in bangladesh far fewer ( 44 % ) share this view . 
   a majority of malaysian muslims ( 62 % ) who want to see sharia as their country 's official law also support taking the lives of those who convert to other faiths . 
  but fewer take this position in neighboring thailand ( 27 % ) and indonesia ( 18 % ) . 
  should wives obey their husbands ? 
   muslims in most countries surveyed say that a wife should always obey her husband . 
  in 20 of the 23 countries where the question was asked , at least half of muslims believe a wife must obey her spouse . 
   muslims in south asia and southeast asia overwhelmingly hold this view . 
  in all countries surveyed in these regions , roughly nine-in-ten or more say wives must obey their husbands . 
  similarly , in all countries surveyed in the middle east and north africa , about three-quarters or more say the same . 
  [ not really ] ( http://www.pewforum.org/2013/04/30/infographic-the-worlds-muslims-religion-politics-and-society/ ) infographic from the pew forum 2013 poll on 39 muslim countries . 
  care to elaborate ? 
  merkel 's plan is the same as most eu governments ' plans right now . 
  let masses of immigrants in in order to : * 1 ) replace the native population 's falling birth rates ( who 's gon na pay for those pensions ? 
  ) ; * 2 ) undercut the natives ' wages thanks to an influx of cheap labor and eventually erode the welfare system ( `` unfortunately , cuts must be made '' ) . 
  there was a pdf going around this sub written by a professor of economics at harvard that showed how , in cases of mass migration from poorer regions , the middle and lower classes get shafted while the upper portions of society get richer . 
  a good rule of thumb is that if a government tells you something is going to be `` a great opportunity for the country '' you 're in for a rude awakening . 
   the swedish minister of integration said earlier today that `` we ( sweden ) has reached our maximum ( capacity of refugees and migrants ) . 
  i 'm actually shocked something like that was said by a swedish minister, 
  ditto lol, 
   you 're projecting lol i 'm not projecting shit . 
  you deliberately tried to make a dumb point using an offensive tone in hopes of a ' i showed you , ha ! ', 
  moment - but failed . 
  at least own up to your ( passive ? ), 
  aggressiveness .
