  as if, 
  like , if a friend or relative of mine gets killed in an attack , am i supposed to start campaigning for mass genocide of all muslims on european soil ? 
  did n't get that memo, 
  tbh i 'm not saying we should n't become monsters to muslim people because they might get radicalised , just because being nice to people feels nicer than hatred and it 's just the decent * and christian * ( since you so strongly identify with your christian heritage ) thing to do . 
  let 's all just be * decent * . 
  the problem is that people processing things emotionally basically never ends well . 
  btw i never said that muslims are the real victims or some bullshit like that . 
  what i 'm saying is that although emotions are running high right now , * as a society * we must keep our cool and avoid becoming assholes to any muslim-looking person on the street and/or voting in any clown that promises to turn us into surveillance states for muh safety . 
  personally , i 'm all for closing down our borders right now to 90 % of middle east/muslim & african mass immigration and for way stronger measures against muslim ghettoisation/isolationism/radicalisation . 
  i 'm * really really * no fan of islam but this situation needs some nuanced thinking . 
  look , i 'm not particularly enthused about islam or muslim immigration , but the way i see it , we must not let our emotions get the better of ourselves . 
  europe has always been a hotbed of terrorism , you 're more likely to die in a car accident , yada yada yada . 
  it 's all true though - we live in safe , abundant , wealthy times , no matter what the tv or the 24/7 press cycle tells us . 
  we have been given these particular lemons and we shall make lemonade . 
  but it 's important that we do n't become monsters to other human beings or slaves of a surveillance state in the process . 
   `` just because jesus instructed his followers to bring swords for self-defense and violently chased out money lenders doesnt mean he wasnt a pacifist . '', 
  m8 you 've never even * seen * a new testament , you 're just talking out of your ass or regurgitating some r/atheism `` jesus was an asshole guyse and christianity is the worst '' nugget of wisdom . 
  it 's ok , be quiet now , shhh, 
  what ? 
  you said the `` turn the other cheek '' line was about proselytizing ( ?! ), 
  and i showed you were talking out of your ass . 
  this line is definitely about being loving to whoever hurts you . 
   < quotes about bringing swords and chasing money lenders  lmao you 've never read the new testament if you think those two parts are a stain on the figure of jesus and his message . 
  and i 'm 100 % an atheist with little love for religion . 
  nope , it 's actually about peace , not proselytizing . 
  jesus was a swell guy . 
  here 's the whole passage :  matthew 5:38 -48 new international version ( niv )  `` you have heard that it was said , ` eye for eye , and tooth for tooth . ' but i tell you , do not resist an evil person . 
  ** if anyone slaps you on the right cheek , turn to them the other cheek also . 
  ** and if anyone wants to sue you and take your shirt , hand over your coat as well . 
  if anyone forces you to go one mile , go with them two miles . 
  give to the one who asks you , and do not turn away from the one who wants to borrow from you . 
   `` you have heard that it was said , ` love your neighbor and hate your enemy . ' but i tell you , love your enemies and pray for those who persecute you , that you may be children of your father in heaven . 
  he causes his sun to rise on the evil and the good , and sends rain on the righteous and the unrighteous . 
  if you love those who love you , what reward will you get ? 
  are not even the tax collectors doing that ? 
  and if you greet only your own people , what are you doing more than others ? 
  do not even pagans do that ? 
  be perfect , therefore , as your heavenly father is perfect . 
  jesus here is directly contradicting the old testament dictum `` eye for an eye '' and introducing a new law , `` turn the other cheek '' . 
  breivik is commonly referred to as a terrorist . 
  0/10 effort mate, 
  well tbh i do n't know what kind of emotion people should be feeling wrt this terrorist, 
  `` he was n't religious , spent his nights drinking and having sex with trans dudes and was also very homosexual and he also explicitly said he did n't give a fuck about mohammed and had never opened a quran actually did n't even speak arabic or hang out with other muslims really guys he was n't a real muslim ok '' in 3 ... 2 ... 1 ... 
  lmao dumbass, 
  no , the fact is that even those `` muslims from poor countries '' that do well in the us/canada do better over there because even though they 're from afghanistan or pakistan or wherever , they 're actually from the educated elites and upper middle classes of those poor countries and are thusly less indoctrinated/plain smarter than the allah-fearing rednecks we - europe - keep getting . 
  immigrating to the us and canada ai n't easy , you must demonstrate you are highly educated , an english ( or french ) - speaker and you do n't have any criminal background . 
  immigrating to europe is basically a matter of piecing together a convincing sob story and crossing a border . 
  that 's geographical proximity for you , we 're surrounded by islamic/shit poor nations , the us and canada have a whole ocean distancing them from this clusterfuck . 
  no , it 's that we get the ignorant poverty-striken muslims coming here on foot with just the clothes on their backs while the us and canada have the luxury of picking and choosing the muslim doctors and engineers . 
   how 's the saying , history like to repeat itself ? 
  more like `` dumb people gon na dumb '', 
   people even blame jews for this . 
  cause y' all are a bunch of nazis mate, 
   one might think lives are more important than freedom at this point . 
  that 's incredibly scary , even scarier than terrorists tbh . 
  i prefer the very , very low possibility of getting killed by terrorism to an all-out surveillance state that can do whatever it wants with your data in the name of `` public safety '' . 
   it 's gotten to the point where europe is now just as dangerous as the middle east . 
  lmao come on, 
  well at this point i 'm not too sad we wo n't be getting millions of poor turkish immigrants in the eu tbqh . 
  the place is skewing radical at the moment . 
  extraordinary times call for extraordinary measures . 
  radical islam is a threat and it must be treated as a threat . 
  everything else is vacuous posturing and a lack of spine . 
  there should be no force abroad in response . 
  what europe must do is start checking the fuck out of every and each place where islam gets preached . 
  all mosques examined , all preachers ' backgrounds searched and evaluated , many more well paid undercover agents to infiltrate congregations and report any funny business . 
  hate preachers ' immediately expulsed . 
  known islamic terrorists who have fucked off to fight in syria lose their citizenship . 
  stop allowing mosque funding from saudi arabia . 
  pouring funds and promoting young progressive muslim councils that promote a tolerant version of the religion . 
  specifically target young muslims by providing them happy and safe places to socialize and meet . 
  ban burqas and niqabs . 
  promote inter-religious events . 
  stop accepting any dick tom and ahmed who wants to come live here . 
  declare wahhabism a dangerous ideology like nazism . 
  doing actual background checks on whatever ahmed and mohammed tries to come in and expelling all hate preachers might be handy though, 
  germans are northern europeans * to me * , as a citizen of southern europe . 
  anyway i do n't get the brouhaha about this misnomer - are they central ? 
  also i already posted how i manage to magically suss their nationalities out . 
  i 'll paste it in here :  i speak english , spanish and french , understand portuguese , know a smattering of german and know how to distinguish it from scandinavian languages when i hear them . 
  russian is also very recognizable . 
  tourists are often not exactly the quietest people around , which is pretty noticeable when the streets are as narrow as they are where i live , and northern european features are very recognizable anyway in a place like italy . 
  very fair skin , certain features and a sea of fine blonde hair + different dress style are pretty good hints most of the time . 
  a modicum of language knowledge , the ability to reason by exclusion and a pair of eyes and ears are pretty reliable when it comes to guessing what nationality people are . 
  also nobody talked about `` evil nations '' . 
  my , what a stick you must have up your ass . 
  how is this in any way related to the op remains everybody 's guess, 
  funny how these are the same exact complains about tourists of everybody living in milan ( i split my time between there and tuscany ) . 
  i myself am guilty of some huffing and puffing . 
  i guess it 's like that everywhere there 's a high paced lifestyle . 
  but it was n't an empty and quiet road . 
  maybe i did n't describe it well in my op . 
  80 % of the city centre is pedestrians-only . 
  the other 20 % receives a good amount of car traffic , because 10.000 + residents ( out of 70.000 of the whole municipality ) live inside the city walls . 
  these guys ' little adventure started right at one of the biggest entry ways to the city , which is very trafficked , unabashedly ignoring any and all traffic signs , turned right , and unperturbedly continued cycling at snail pace along this street ( that does n't even have sidewalks , so its pretty 100 % destined for fast-moving vehicles ) that happens to lead to the parking space where i usually leave my car . 
  it 's a street that receives pretty much a car every minute , not at all empty or quiet , and i had another car coming up behind me . 
  i just lost it when their kids started doing donuts and their parents were just there cheering them on in german . 
  like , what ? 
  the general problem is that similar things happen all the time , with tourists generally flouting all ( car and pedestrian ) traffic rules and common sense . 
  after a while you just kinda start getting a little bit hostile .
