  also the reformation ai n't that good of an example of christian progress because the catholics had actually become pretty relaxed and extravagant with their practice while the protestants basically started walking with a stick up their ass all the time . 
  if anything today 's salafists are the calvinists of five hundred years ago . 
  renaissance & enlightenment might be better descriptors of the two main influences that shaped christianity for the better . 
  new attack, 
   european christianity did n't change all by itself , people protested it , demanded it change and governments even enforced changes upon it . 
  sorry but wat, 
  welp . 
  it 's not worth arguing . 
  europe 's indiscriminately importing millions of unvetted people from the worst shitholes on the planet ? 
  you ** must ** like it . 
  it must be so . 
  you do n't like it ? 
  you 're a racist . 
  there was another terror attack - yeah , so ? 
  what are you suggesting , you horrible racist ? 
  vetting people ? 
  unthinkable . 
  deporting criminals ? 
  racist . 
  closing fundamentalist madrassas ? 
  yeah no you fucker , that 's infringing on the salafists ' right to hate us . 
  sing with us - open borders ^ open ^ borders ^ open ^ ^ borders ^ ^ ^ cultural ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ enrichment, 
  got ta protect a perp 's right to make an honest living out of delinquency, 
   arguably the attack by breivik was just as bad or maybe even worse than any single attack that happened in the name of dash . 
  i mean who the fuck kills a pregnant woman . 
  killing someone is bad enough but killing a pregnant woman is just off the charts in despicableness . 
  just monstrous . 
  total insanity or maybe some subtle trolling, 
  i guess we 're supposed to stay silent , thank god we 're so enriched now and shed a tear for the muslim community ( who are actually the true victims even if it does n't quite look like it ), 
  there 's a pretty big difference between wanting something to happen and knowing something is going to happen , e.g. 
  i do n't like taxes but i know they 're unavoidabile . 
  is it too sophisticated for your brain ? 
  i would have felt even sadder i guess . 
  but i doubt i would have heard about it . 
  unfortunately kids killing themselves because of bullying are `` a dime a dozen '' . 
  you know what the more i read about this the more i feel sad for this guy . 
  i do n't know , the way he called sir that guy on the balcony was sad as fuck . 
  of course he 's a monster but at the same time i ca n't find it in me to hate him like i hated that american asswipe who killed a bunch of people because he had never got laid . 
  looks like turkish assholes made his life a fucking hell since he was a child . 
  they 're just feeling emboldened because for once it 's not someone from the islamic community who 's done the killing . 
  i mean this guy was iranian but for once i 'm quite convincer islam is n't really a cause at all , not directly at least . 
  when the next islamist massacre comes around - and it 's 100 % gon na happen - half of them wo n't even peep and the other half will resort to the usual `` notallmuslims '' , `` notruemuslim '' claptrap . 
  their ranks are dwindling though . 
  nah he was born in germany fam, 
  unfortunately for the far left he was n't a blonde neonazi from a pious christian family so they 're trying to milk the mental illness/breivik infatuation for all it 's worth . 
  all for naught since there will be another legit islamic terror attack before summer 's over, 
  anyway so , this mentally il dude was bullied by turkish assholes and looks like he hated the foreigners he grew up with in the poor area of town but it 's still the fault of white racists and the far right ... k, 
  tbh the most interesting thing was the total hysteria in munich . 
  the way the police handled it it looked like there were bonafide jihadi squads roaming the city . 
  shit just this morning in another thread i said germans would start changing their opinion on migrants and islam after one or two legit balls to the wall terror attacks ... 
  this all is getting terrifying and heartbreaking, 
  germans as a whole are still being hippies about immigration . 
  it 's understandable because they have n't been hit yet . 
  give it time . 
  i guess one or two terror attacks would change minds pretty fast . 
  it 's sad that europe has come to this but o well . 
  seems like we 'll have to get used to this now, 
  too soon, 
  i do n't know about allies , but friends surely greece and spain ? 
   they just use real trans issues as a smokescreen to push for their ~ ~ identity politics bullshit ~ ~ mental health issues ftfy tbh, 
  i lol at people getting all huffy and feely about profiling . 
  everybody does it . 
  when you 're out at night in a deserted street , who 's going to make you pay more attention ? 
  a couple of 40 y.o. 
  ladies chatting on the way home with a doggy or the bunch of scowling 20 y.o. 
  middle eastern guys wearing tracksuits and drinking beers ? 
  anybody saying they 'd feel just as comfortable in both situations is a big fat liar . 
  like sure , maybe the ladies in question are actually drug dealers and crooks and the guys are all brilliant uni students talking in arabic about nuclear fusion - it 's possible , no sarcasm - but statistically ... 
  racial profiling exists because it 's just common sense . 
  is it unfair to the innocents in the targeted group ? 
  yes , maybe . 
  but thats the bane corresponding to the boon of living in a country that 1 ) is not yours ( most times , a safer , wealthier , saner country than yours ) and 2 ) where unfortunately a certain percentage of your fellow nationals are crimin ' . 
  lol turns out the dalai lama is fucking hitler #justredditthings, 
  yeah cause it 's also highly unlikely they 're going to change for the better in prison . 
  they 're just gon na chill there for a couple of years ( if that ) mingling with other likeminded peeps and then get out of it giving even less of a fuck . 
  nordic prisons are endlessly fascinating . 
  i remember reading somewhere that recidivism was very low so in a way they must be working ? 
  good food for thought . 
  oh , we are , do n't worry . 
  however , it 's just natural that people get even more aggro when the crime comes from abroad . 
  like , we have our own fair share of criminals , do we really need truck loads of criminals from eastern europe who break into our houses as we sleep and steal our shit at home and on the streets ? 
   the barbary * slave trade was absolutely nowhere on the scale of the transatlantic slave trade . 
  oh , it 's okay then - they were slavers , but * moderate * slavers !, 
  swell guys , y' all . 
  ding ding ding man i 'm getting tired of the chinese running over innocent children on the high street - oh wait, 
  it 's definitely a bit of a shorthand . 
  you mostly hear about romanians , albanians , bulgarians , serbians , moldovans , macedonians - eventually the stereotype sets in . 
  anyway , there 's no estonian gangs here . 
  i 'd say basically nobody here thinks of baltic citizens or czech/hungarians/slovenes as criminally-minded . 
  the czech republic and hungary especially are still enveloped in a kind of post-hapsburg romantic glow . 
  both definitely . 
  gypsies are mostly specialised in pickpocketing while romanians have burglaries and general thieving down to a science . 
  see also : albanians . 
  same shit in italy , eastern europeans are responsible for a fuck ton of burglaries , especially romanians . 
  people are really fed up what are you gon na do . 
  because they hate all the western world . 
  what 's so hard to understand ? 
  i was just calling you out on this cliche that gets regurgitated a lot , the whole `` people talking shit when the bodies are still warm '' . 
  somehow it 's totally acceptable to start discussing the social and political implications of momentous events when the perpetrators are seen as plain ol' baddies ( nazis , neo-nazis , the whole collectivity of gun owners , police officers , the list goes on ) . 
  when the perpetrators come from a pet minority , instead ... there are immediate cries for consideration , respectful silence and a whole lot of pearl-clutching about the morality of other people .
