  in this case i firmly hold the position that whoever decided for this ruling showed a considerable amount of pro-muslim/palestine bias and anti-jewish/israeli bias . 
  i do n't know whatever the hell an `` a priori '' hierarchy should be or what `` hate crimes '' above `` impartial '' should mean , apologies . 
  i did n't really understand that part of your post at all . 
  i 'll repeat , it 's very simple - torching synagogues , mosques and churches is/should be automatically ( a priori ) a hate crime as it is very simply and transparently an expression of * hate * against certain religious/ethnic communities . 
  that 's it . 
  to deny it is laughable , illogical and an attempt at covering the ass of racist and bigoted criminals . 
   what if the debate is inconclusive the fact that * you * deem a debate inconclusive is no reason to not have it  what if i as the obvious minority think that the ruling is ok . can my opinion be ignored ? 
  no * in the sense that you have every right to express it and do whatever , but so does everybody else who thinks this was a shit ruling . 
  and if a considerable amount or a majority of people does think that this is a shit ruling ( even outside the reddit circlejerk ) , it probably means that a debate is worth having and attempts at silencing it with the old appeal to authority ( `` judges are always right , who are we to criticise the law ?! '' ), 
  are shitty  i can answer that one : nazis tend to really , reaaaallllly be proud of their `` views '' , therefore are too dumb to actually hide their intentions in a way , which would make the lives of their defense lawyers easier in front of a court . 
  well then , if the muslim perpetrators of hate crimes against jewish symbols are smart enough to hide their intentions and the judges fall for it , that just means that the judges are getting played or are conniving , nothing else . 
  lmao , stop acting like the law is impervious to current political & social issues or like law rulings happen in a perfect objective vacuum . 
  the law and judges can , should and must be critiqued - which i remind you is a healthy mechanism in the democratic context . 
  intentionally burning down synagogues , mosques or churches should be recognised as a hate crime a priori , as it 's always been as far as i know . 
  this ruling reeks of both pro-muslim/palestine and , even more , anti-jewish/israeli bias ; `` every aspect was taken into account '' my ass . 
  although i understand that the arsonists were convicted for their actions , the stubborn refusal to see the clear , logical and transparent anti-semitic motives behind burning ( or attempting to burn ) down a synagogue and the covert attempt at painting it in a quasi-favorable light as an `` anti-zionist '' action is laughable and deserves a debate . 
  i also for one do n't expect to see any young mosque-torching neo-nazi youngsters getting convicted without a hate crime charge on their backs . 
  i wonder why . 
  i guess a lot of it comes down to having enough money to compete with global standards & symbols of wealth . 
  i mean , consider two cases : 1 ) you earn 1000 in romania while spending 500 in living expenses and 2 ) you earn 3000 in the uk while spending 2000 ( made-up figures ) . 
  in the first case you 've got 500 for saving/travelling abroad/buying iphones/buying a car or whatever . 
  in the second case you 've got 1000 . 
  it 's all about having a bigger slice of the pie . 
  wait , so people get to go to syria to do some rapin ' and beheadin ' and * then * they get to come back to sweden to a nice home and state-provided stipend ? 
  what ? 
  y' all , they were just a bunch of kids having a laugh !, 
  their molotov cocktails would have never burned down that synagogue , anyway !, 
  it was just a prank , really . 
   it would be if the court would have been able to prove beyond reasonable doubt that it actually was motivated by hate against jews , or judaism . 
  wait , so are you really saying that setting fire to a synagogue of all places is n't * always * a hate crime against jews and/or judaism ? 
  what ? 
  i guess when nazis burn down a mosque it ai n't a hate crime against muslims either . 
   when it comes to the english language there are so many different accents that even getting started may be ridiculously difficult . 
  i disagree . 
  english is one and one only - apart from some minor differences in diction and spelling . 
  accents of course vary , but most beginners are either going to have british or american teachers and are gon na be taught `` standard '' english . 
  most of the anglophone media an european consumes is also either british or american , so there 's that too . 
  i dunno , i found english ridiculously easy to learn . 
  on the contrary i just ca n't achieve fluency in french and i 'm a native italian & spanish speaker , go figure . 
  haha god this is me . 
  i remember being a passenger in a car driving through bumfuck , midwesttown . 
  it was like - shit i * know * this . 
  i 've seen this countless times . 
  i know what kind of pleasantries people are exchanging inside that diner . 
  it was very funny and a bit unsettling , got ta be honest . 
  lovely, 
  what , did a spaniard steal your partner ? 
  reeeeeeeee, 
   taking all the capital investments and markets for products but closing the labour market is uk level of entitlement . 
  basically, 
  because we 're surrounded by poor countries . 
  if the eu says `` come all ye poors , free movement for all '' we 'd get a cool billion of thirdworlders knocking at our door tomorrow . 
   for the collective better yeah , europe was doing so well before uniting is n't it ? 
  those lovely days of competing against each other , declaring war to each other , bombing the shit out of each other . 
  ahh . 
  those were the days < 3, 
  like , if they want , they should be able to . 
  just outside the eu . 
  but that would be terribly inconvenient , would n't it . 
  is this likely to be accepted by brussels ? 
  i 'd wager no, 
  `` times change so let 's invade alsace , we could use some more room do n't we boys '', 
  you must be facetious . 
  immigrants by and large retain links and cultural ties to their own cultures ( as is understandable ) . 
  do you think religious muslims are ever going to cherish and care about france 's history as a native white frenchman would ? 
  a christian-rooted , deeply western , culture , with a past of crusades , enlightenment , revolution , bourgeoisie , wine-drinking and pork-eating - concepts completely foreign to most muslim countries . 
  muslims , from whatever country , have their own historical landmarks , their own stories , their own mythical landscape they 're gon na give to their own children and grandchildren . 
  the same goes for africans , asians , etcetera . 
  i for one expect that not many italian muslims or chinese-italians are ever gon na care and feel a deep , emotional link to some italian works like the divine comedy or the aeneid ( not italian per se but you get the gist ) or whatever . 
  ai n't gon na happen . 
  what 's gon na happen is that cultures will get mixed into a big ol' blob , just like the states , where multiple subcultures coexist under a big umbrella of nothing much ; where the culture itself is multiculturalism . 
  which would be a great thing . 
  the eu should stop sending any and all aid to countries that refuse to take back their own citizens . 
  the only worrying thing is that national identity/traditions/lifestyle are gon na be lost in a vague sea of multiculturalism . 
  people do deeply grieve losing their culture or seeing it diluted to the point of indistinguishability from the others . 
  nobody bats an eye if arab or african immigrants keep their culture when they immigrate , but suddenly it 's a no no if a frenchman or a dane is kinda attached to his/her own . 
  something will be done surely . 
  i can see severe bans on immigration from africa and the middle east getting imposed in the next 20-30 years . 
  africa 's gon na quadruple this century , shit 's crazy . 
  europe 's gon na start shooting their boats/militarize border control . 
  edit : imma throw in another prediction . 
  the right will win the battle against the left , generally . 
  it could be 20 years , it could be 50 . 
  we 're already seeing the first symptoms of it . 
  automation is gon na steal jobs everywhere -  less jobs -  more unhappy unemployed people who wo n't be happy to see more third-worlders come into our automated , job-scarce countries . 
  not just because they 'd be competition : they would n't even be able to compete , because there wo n't be any low-skill jobs when the robots have eaten them all up , so they 'd just lie around collecting welfare . 
  the left will necessarily keep being an advocate for immigration and migrants , and this will make them lose all credibility among the hungry and angry masses . 
  the right winning election after election ensues . 
  edit : even if ubi got implemented , people would still be against mass immigration . 
  actually , i think the implementation of ubi is going to be the final nail in the coffin of unlimited immigration from the 3rd world - if you let in too many people , the whole system implodes . 
  kids are expensive and an hassle , end of . 
  they suck all money out of your pockets , they scream , vomit , shit themselves and they need c.o.n.s.t.a.n.t. 
  attention . 
  if you 're a woman , more than one kid ( and even just one tbh ) is gon na set you back when you 're competing on the workplace against childless women and men . 
  gaining new skills is basically out of the question when you have a 3 year old vying for your attention 24/7 . 
  it 's just a big lose lose , rationally . 
  irrationally , it 's also a big source of joy and satisfaction , or so they say . 
  i think i 'd like one . 
  also because the more women get educated , the more they want/need to compete in the job market and you ai n't competing if you 're birthing 3 kids in quick succession, 
   as a maltese , i say we should call their bluff and shoot a rocket at the plane .
