  nobody ever calls for 24 hours of silence when some fascist cop kills a young african-american guy : the conversation can start immediately , no holds barred . 
  the whole totality of cops in the us gets painted as a bunch of racist fascists , and that 's ok . 
  when a bunch of muslim terrorists shoot up a full club of young parisians , discussion is not ok anymore - there must be 24hours , 48 hours , one week of `` respectful silence '' . 
  `` their bodies are still warm !, 
  so , do you think that after the nazi atrocities against jews were discovered , there needed to be a `` little bit of time to breathe '' before condemning in full the actions of the nazi ? 
  or to bring it closer to home , do you think that there needed to be a `` little bit of time to breathe '' after columbine , or the sandy hook massacre , to discuss the fucking insanity of us gun laws ? 
  is there a need for a `` little bit of time to breathe '' after a bunch of right-wing bastards bash in the head of communist students - or is n't it absolutely reasonable , sane and natural that each and every event that is politically , socially and emotionally charged does spark a conversation ? 
  and how long is that little bit of time ? 
  when are people allowed to start voicing their frustration and anger , according to you ? 
  who is gon na decide that ? 
  why do you think so ? 
  sweden 's such a softie he 'll do like 15 years in some nice prison with a nice plush bed and a playstation, 
   would n't stop it in the middle east . 
  no but generally a country 's goal should be to fix its own problems first instead of trying to fix those of far away , socioculturally distant macroregions, 
  ding ding ding this one would be the best option . 
  just lower them when it 's early in the morning for the shops ' delivery trucks and for medical emergences . 
  nah , i mean , that 's far-fetched . 
  they 're just gon na become another boring western nation with no culture other than some grey `` multicultural '' blob and like a 30 % muslim minority in one or two generations . 
  how peaceful that cohabitation goes is up to the international geopolitics in the next few decades . 
  k , i hope you feel better now you said that . 
  oh so now your family was there huh ? 
  how come you did n't mention that before ? 
  methinks you 're just covering your ass after spouting some silly shit but heh , what do i know . 
  sweden as a whole is just obsessed with this idea of becoming a post-racial society . 
  i wonder if they 're going to turn right-wing eventually . 
  oh god . 
  this is awful . 
  k mate , got ta agree to disagree . 
  the tides are changing . 
   yet every country has the lawful obligation of providing refuge nobody 's arguing that actual refugees should n't be welcomed . 
  what 's wrong is getting thousands of maghrebi , sub-saharan , bangladeshi , whatever , * economic migrants * trying to pass as refugees every day with absolutely no vetting and no means to send them back to their own countries . 
   aside from that , what i meant is that it 's not solving the problems outside the eu that 's not a problem of the eu alone , but should be tackled by the whole world  or inside the eu for properly assimilating people . 
  wrong , you stop accepting 3728 billions of migrants every year and focus on the ones you already have . 
  that means spending more in language courses , professional courses , psychological counsel , etc. 
  resources are finite and should be allocated to solve pre-existing problems . 
  importing thousands upon thousands of thirdworlders every year does exactly nothing but exacerbate those very problems . 
   but hey , who cares about the eu or some solidarity anyways . 
  that 's why the incoming flow should be stopped and vetted at the borders . 
   maybe , that 's not solving the problem long-term though no country has the moral obligation to solve the problem of world crime and poverty  while fucking over another country what country ? 
  sure us fuck would lead to those problems not exacerbating as much, 
  's all good, 
   so if muslims ambassadors/tourists started vandalising alcohol stores and harassing gay people while visiting europe , you would be ok with that because they do n't intend on staying ? 
   honestly , the big bang theory does n't make much sense either . 
  how did space , time and all matter appear out of nowhere ? 
  or if it was always there before the explosion , how did it get there ? 
   the idea that some sort of higher power started it does n't sound too illogical when you consider the alternative is `` it just appeared '' dude, 
  a lot of people do care about keeping intact their traditions , culture , language , way of life , etc. 
  you do n't , that 's okay , but your position is n't objectively any more valid than theirs, 
  [ ultraleftist pearl clutching intensifies ], 
  i see , my bad . 
  still a weird thing to say . 
  like , the new york metropolitan area produces something like 1.3 trillion dollars per year , which is double the florida gdp and about on par with the texan gdp . 
  does that mean texas is useless ? 
  london 's economy is about the size of sweden 's ( wikipedia source ) , are we supposed to sneer at sweden ? 
  i do n't see how london , or even just one of its districts , being a financial powerhouse is in any way shameful for scotland ( which was implied in the comment i replied to ) . 
  well guess it checks out since london has like three million more people than the whole of scotland, 
  y' all the uk would look like shit without scotland, 
  haha i love the uk mate , i left a good chunk of my heart in scotland a couple of summers ago . 
  gorgeous !, 
  anyway yeah , i guess lots of people just think `` well , i 'm earning 800 busting my ass here in < insert random italian town  might as well earn 1300 selling coffee in london + i 'll learn english so it 's worth it '' . 
  yup , that 's the script for like 9 out of 10 italian emigrants . 
  most people leave because they honest to god just ca n't get the professional recognition they deserve . 
  i 'm not joking when i say that there are large swathes of the population earning about $ 800-900 per month and entry level engineers starting out with like $ 1200 per month only to end up earning less than 2k ten years later , no matter their effort and aptitude to their job . 
  the chauvinist in me does believe that the italian lifestyle just ca n't be beat anywhere else in the world . 
  it may be clich\u00e9 and banal , but there 's something to be said about living in a country with plenty of sunshine all year long , mild climate , insanely beautiful and historical cities , gorgeous beaches a few hours away ( if you 're unlucky ) , great food , great public education and health care etc. 
  unfortunately we still have n't figured out how to live off sunshine . 
  lmao mate , are you some renzi fanboy or what ? 
  `` shut the fuck up '' my ass , italian discontent is real and well-deserved . 
  when youth unemployment is at 40 % and most people thank their lucky star if the manage to snag $ 1200 per month ( which will be on par with cee salaries before long ) , there 's shit all to celebrate . 
  the country has been teetering on the edge of bankruptcy for the past ten years , the only reason we have n't gone full greece is because we 're the literal definition of too big to fail . 
  your attitude is hilarious and reeks of naive nationalism . 
  i agree there is n't any , on the short term . 
  no wonder hundreds of thousands of young highly educated italians are leaving the country each year . 
  it 's not that we have an inferiority complex , it 's that we are incredibly frustrated about our situation . 
  we know we could be balls to the wall awesome economically but we have so many systemic failures , from political corruption to endemic tax evasion to like 4 different organised crime mobs , that we just ca n't see a light at the end of the tunnel . 
  it 's the kind of frustration that only a native could understand , i guess . 
  imma cut a bitch the next time somebody starts talking about italy as if we were on the eu dole, 
   bit of a stretch , your net contribution is roughly 5 billion euros and will be lower next year . 
  does n't change the fact that we 're still one of the largest net contributors to the eu budget which means we do subsidise poorer countries  i looked into the statistics and they are dreadfull . 
  northern italy is the equivalent of any northern european country , in terms of wealth they are on average richer than northern europeans and productivity is only a bit lower . 
  southern italy however , half the gdp per capita ( 15000 euros for calabria and campania ) lower then recession hit greece and on par with the poorest ce countries/regions and its getting worse , apparently northern italy grows while southern italy shrinks . 
  i say its time to dump the dead weight ca n't disagree , but there 's no real political ( or popular ) will to get rid of the southern half of the country  lol 80 of businesses in sicily 's largest cities pays `` protection money '' yup shit 's dire, 
  italy is like the third or fourth net contributor to the eu budget , if anything we are subsidising higher living standards for ce europe . 
   if noone in greece or italy have good higher education noone will higher them . 
  where the fuck are you even from and what are you even trying to say lmao, 
   because the causes of nationalist sentiment now are trending upwards in the long term ( long term being decades ) . 
  this . 
  also if anybody is wondering what those causes are , it 's actually just one : immigration ( from the third world ) . 
  i am basically 99 % sure that without the unrelenting mass immigration from africa and now the middle east that we 've seen in the past decade , nationalist far-right parties would have had basically no traction at all . 
  so , when is art 50 going to be triggered ? 
  people saying `` but people will just have to retrain ! '', 
  have no idea what they 're talking about . 
  the average 40 yrs old truck driver that got replaced by self-driving trucks is n't going to become a mechanical engineer overnight , if ever . 
  shit 's dire . 
  your solution is completely dystopian . 
  `` increase population and expand '' is a nightmare for everybody and everything , especially for the environment . 
  our resources are finite . 
  i think you do n't know very well what a priori means or something . 
  the fact that the law ( meaning , in this context , the application of the law by human beings in the role of judges ) is n't as objective as you think it is does n't in any way change the fact that some crimes should be automatically tagged as hate crime ( that 's a big non-sequitur ? ) . 
  the law is one and codified , but people do n't get judged by the law , they get judged by judges who use the law according also to their own biases and preconceptions ( the fact that the law is n't applied equally to all men is fairly undisputable , would n't you think ? ) .
