  i 'm not really one for alarmism - i do n't think this is gon na destroy our way of life or economy from the ground up or something - but there are definitely * problems * with the idea of large numbers of people being unemployable for an extended period of time ( or employed in jobs that are pretty susceptible to terminations , say menial ones ) , while they also come from a totally different culture and in some measure harbour some ( understandable ) resentment against the west . 
  unemployment is the root of all evil . 
  lol well i guess cambodia is plenty richer than burundi , does n't mean much though , does it . 
  thankfully we 're still far from complete automatisation but shit 's gon na hit the fan when refugees will still keep flowing in thirty years from now ( and they will ) and the only jobs they 'd be able to do are gon na be taken by machines . 
  what would education and retraining mean ? 
  because it 's one thing to say that a syrian nurse just needs to learn german , get a couple of qualifications and off s/he goes to work ( = retraining ) ; it 's totally different if it means s/he 's just completed middle or high school and needs to study nursing from scratch . 
  if two thirds of syrians are barely able to read and write then that means you 're looking more at the second case than the first ; that is , 66 % of the refugees do n't need ` retraining ' but a complete education before they 'd be able to contribute in something that is not absolutely menial . 
  all of this also means that the `` syrians are all middle class and well educated , lots of doctors and engineers '' tripe is a myth . 
  good luck . 
  unfortunately you 're just hand-waving away the biggest issues . 
  it 's not enough to say that we need to do better on language integration , housing , jobs , culture and religion . 
  that 's the definition of a truism . 
  everybody knows that . 
  then why do n't governments act upon this commonly held knowledge ? 
  contrary to popular belief , i doubt that it 's due to gross racism , but to more prosaic reasons - that is , money . 
  that stuff costs money . 
  lots of it . 
  and most countries are perpetually strapped for cash . 
  while germany might definitely have the economic power and infrastructure to absorb the immigration ` shock ' , not every eu country has that privilege . 
  that 's indisputable . 
  my own country - see flair - does n't even have enough jobs for the ethnic italians , let alone for the thousands of migrants arriving and who , quite rightfully , would like to get a chance at working and earning a livelihood . 
  if you also add the fact that most do n't know the host country 's language - which effectively makes them useless for like 90 % of jobs - you 're looking at thousands of people who 're not able to contribute but represent an immediate drain on the system . 
  the usual response , say , `` italy/greece/x country should get their shit together then '' is completely useless . 
  no amount of wishing away reality will change the economic and social reality of a country soon enough to become a safe , productive haven for thousands upon thousands of migrants/refugees who do n't know our language or have the qualifications needed to work here . 
  in my opinion , the biggest factor for optimal integration is the desire of the immigrant to integrate . 
  no amount of government policy and outreach programs will work if the migrants themselves do n't feel the urge to embrace their new country , accept its mores and become members of the social fabric ; while you can throw welfare programs at people , you just ca n't force them to integrate short of violating their rights . 
  what you 're also overlooking are the deep cultural differences between us and the migrants ( i 'm talking here about the current situation , that sees a total preponderance of muslim refugees from middle eastern and asian countries ) . 
  while it 's true that they 're human beings with basic human being needs - that is live normal lives , start families and whatnot - on top of those needs there 's a superstructure of beliefs , both religious and cultural , that are often at odds with our own ( see literally any poll on muslim beliefs around the world and inside europe ) ; not to mention the effects of trauma and daily violence they might have experienced on their path to europe . 
  one just has to look at what goes on inside many refugee camps right now , what with rapes , child abuse , etc. 
  to downplay this is to be blind . 
  while it 's good and all to be idealists , some realism and objectivity is needed . 
  really ? 
  where ? 
  what makes you think governments will get it ` right ' this time around ? 
  it is more probable that the cycle will repeat . 
  that is , in thirty years you 'll have even more people - to quote you - with built up frustration `` over the years of living here without becoming accepted , without being able to live a decent life '' . 
  the united states ( 9.8 km2 ) are more than twice the size of the european union ( 4.4 km2 ) , but way less populous ( 300 million against 500 million ) and with resources more evenly spread thanks to a historically established central government . 
  that 's just one of the many reasons why integration - especially of muslim minorities - is more difficult in europe . 
  much of it is n't due to a fundamental failure of european governments and people . 
  mostly agree on your other points , although i 'd be wary of the `` muslims will outbreed us and outvote us '' paranoia tbh . 
  weird this has n't gotten more attention . 
  quite alarming . 
  was n't a jab at you  just expanding on your point . 
  most polls show that somewhere between 15 and 20 percent of the general muslim population across the world subscribes to ` islamist ' beliefs ( that does n't mean they 're all willing to kill or die for the cause - just that they agree with those who do ) . 
  the actual terrorists are only a minuscule fraction of this 15-20 % - they 're only the tip of the iceberg . 
  i think it 's reasonable to think that among the other 80-85 % there must be a portion of people who are n't as extreme but still willing to turn a blind eye or quietly support . 
  there 's a continuum inside communities . 
  the commonly heard `` only 0.01 % of muslims are radicals '' is a myth unfortunately . 
  they 're already in though . 
  why a sword tho lol sweden u cray, 
  ah , i understand now !, 
  on retrospection mine was a dumb question lol sorry that shit is happening to you so frequently , that must be annoying and scary . 
  i ca n't fathom why anybody would have that kind of reaction to some guy looking at the shops , minding his own business . 
  it 's an unfortunate truth that immigration has side effects . 
  i 'm a woman , a know something about it too . 
  it really frustrates me that the left just ignores any and all negative facts related to immigration ; it just makes it all too easy for ultra right wing nuts to play the masses , preying on their rightful frustration . 
  if the left does n't start taking people 's opinions and desires more seriously , things are going to turn south pretty soon . 
  ( great that you enjoyed expo . 
  i actually did n't go lol ), 
  you know what 's interesting ? 
  that the fn is winning gay votes . 
  there was a poll showing that 25 % or something of parisian gays actually support le pen . 
  supposedly , it 's due to fear of muslim homophobia . 
  sorry for asking , but do you carry a lgbt badge or something ? 
  how would people know you 're gay and harass you for it otherwise ? 
  i 'm not doubting you , just trying to understand what 's going on . 
  they needed no teaching , pre-islamic slavery was alive and well in the arabian peninsula . 
  i just hope things wo n't devolve into something like the current israel stabbing shitshow . 
  yeah sorry i do n't see any reason why a country should accept salafi money ( from , say , qatar or saudi arabia ) coming in to fund mosques on its soil . 
  as it 's been shown multiple times lately , often ( always ? ), 
  the imams are going to be gulf-trained salafists too , preaching strict and intolerant interpretations of the faith . 
  no european country needs that . 
   nevertheless , extreme poverty will be eradicated within a few decades , hunger will follow . 
  this is pretty optimistic and imo , kinda baseless . 
  i 'm really doubting here that african nations are going to fix their collective economies enough to manage their exploding populations in time . 
  i 'm sure they 'll eventually get to first-world standards , but probably not in the next fifty years , which is when shit is predicted to hit the fan ( i.e. 
  mass migrations towards europe ) . 
  also the popular mechanics article is kinda misleading , unfortunately . 
  looks like the process is n't as scalable as it sounds , there was an interesting comment thread on / r/futurology . 
  it would be dreamy though . 
  why are you talking to me like i 'm happy about the situation ? 
  i always wonder , in light of the coming predicted environmental upheavals , what is in store for europe in the next one hundred years . 
  if the predictions are true , vast swathes of land in africa and the middle east are going to progressively dry up in the next decades , leaving millions of people without water to drink and food to eat , which is only going to exacerbate whatever social and political problems they may have going on . 
  it is n't hard to imagine a future where , annually , millions of people - again - try to flee towards european shores in a mass exodus that just does n't stop . 
  does n't really surprise me tbh . 
  from rome upwards people are generally slim and care * a lot * about keeping trim ( which does n't necessarily mean eating very healthily ) . 
  where i live , in a medium sized city in the centre-north it 's actually pretty uncommon to see someone grossly overweight and the only death-fat people i 've seen were tourists . 
  it 's in the south where you can see really a lot of fat people but i guess it 's mostly down to wealth disparity between the two macro-regions . 
  we 're definitely doing something right on the health aspect of things because we also top life expectancy charts . 
   we can do the same as they did . 
  lmao we 'd have droves of far leftists crying fascism if anything vaguely resembling `` western indoctrination '' started going on in schools, 
  lmao what a joke, 
   i do support limited conservation of predators . 
  60 wolves is `` limited enough '' . 
  it 's actually a completely negligible number and the only reason why this cull has been invoked is because farmers have been whining because of a few dead sheep ( out of thousands and thousands of sheep ) . 
  and the only reason they have been killing them is because wolves in norway are only allowed to live in close proximity with human settlements in the centre-south ( and not in the vast expanses of land up north ) . 
  your whole premise though is laughable - who are we exactly to decide arbitrarily who gets to live and in what numbers without even considering other more sensible options . 
  especially when we are consuming and destroying this planet , whole species and our own health with every passing minute . 
  the arrogance is astounding and there 's no point discussing further , since we come from two incredibly different starting points . 
  this is * so * disgusting .
