good on him for trying , its so sad that such a thing is necessary in a country like the uk . 
  ttip shilling intensifies edit : working overtime today, 
  teach the same subjects to everyone , if the muslims want to continue denying its existence its their problem , they can further segregate themselves . 
  i did n't realise it was this high , fantastic news . 
  we can either help italy which desperately needs more financial help , until we can find a way reduce the immigration . 
  or we can ignore it and wait for italy to completely collapse , causing all of the economic migrants to swamp other european countries at once . 
  i wonder which option the eu 's going the choose !, 
  happy times . 
  did you hear that libyan smugglers ? 
  uk 's but a short swim away, 
  we can all agree on one thing , we do n't want any more migrants . 
  stop the boats \u2122, 
  hottest on record they say , right before the yellow weather warning and lightning storm . 
  i saw the sun this morning on my way to work , not only that i hear we will be getting close to 20 degrees for 2 days this summer ! . 
  because they have no respect , what 's europe ever going to do about it ? 
  its going to keep happening until our little union manages to grow a backbone . 
  the very concept of islam is a threat to every country in europe 's ideals , we have come so far in the last couple of decades with regards to social progression , woman 's / gay 's / individual 's rights and equality , even the religions that have been around longer in western europe are modernising to fit in or otherwise dying out , islam by its very nature has no place , it resets every bit of social progression countries have made back 2000 years , claims that it is the perfect religion and can never be altered , demands its followers follow a philosophy that is completely at odds with every modern country in the world . 
  how can anyone possibly believe this religion is not a threat ? 
  not just to europe , but to every country that is trying to make life fare and equal for everyone . 
  can we sort out our shit as it is at the moment before inviting more countries to join ? 
  thank god , i 've been waiting for a new number 1 in the charts . 
  we essentially forced them to fight for the uk though , i find it strange that the indians in fiji would be willing considering how they are treated . 
  interesting that fiji is so high , 40 % of the islands population are indian and are in my experience not at all treated fairly compared the the natives , i doubt they would be willing to fight . 
  i hate you all . 
  so if we put all the data together the most popular name in england is mohammed smith , you mohammeds cant escape the integration for long ! . 
  nice preview of the behaviour we can expect when they inevitably get in . 
  dammit why does every german i 've met like the big bang theory , its horrible !, 
  as punishment you will now receive 30 % less islamic extremists , that will teach them . 
  bangladeshi people act bangladeshi , more news at 11 . 
  6000 shitty shanty towns , of course why did n't they think of this before ! . 
  so if someone actively tries to kill or hurt white people it is n't a hate crime ? 
  plenty of young white girls raped by pakistani gangs because whites are ` easy meat ' is that not a hate crime ? 
  i agree that the uk is becoming too much of a police state , but this is about double standards , where a call to kill all of one race is taken more seriously than another . 
  any criminal charges ( silly charges or not ) would only have been brought forward if she had targeted a minority race or group , i 've seen quite a few colleges at workplaces fired for expressing anti black views ( and rightly so ) why should anti white views been taken less seriously ? 
  only after it was revealed that nothing was going to happen to her , a call to kill any other races , joke or not , would of resulted in immediate dismissal , public vilifying and possible criminal charges . 
  i ca n't say i agree , any white supremacist attack which results in murders would get tonnes of coverage in the uk , i cant speak for other countries . 
  yeah ? 
  no shit , hate crimes can also target white people . 
  this is about double standards with regards to racism , not murder , she would of immediately been fired , and possibly been facing criminal charges if she had said to kill any other race . 
  just imagine the shit storm if it was `` kill all black men '' or `` kill all muslims '' . 
  its the solution , make europe so gay that no islamic extremists would dare risk travelling here , saving our fashion and cocktail industries in the process . 
  cant stop eating pastries , europe pls send help, 
  might even have better weather . 
  only until the tugboats are in position , then we can pull away and be part of any continent we want . 
  you ca n't just go and stop the british national pastime , silly muslims . 
  anyone who thinks this style of system would work for europe is mad , the second migrants arrive in bulgaria/romania they will be on the train the sweden/uk/france / germany . 
  i think we just need a new name for them . 
  thank you germany , for having friendly people in every single hostel i have visited no matter what country i am in , even in bloody fiji i can never escape you guys , also please stop trying to get me to say eichh\u00f6rnchen , my english tongue is weak and can not handle it . 
  they have proposed a lot of things now , perhaps it 's time to put one of their ideas in the practice . 
  the smaller party at the end of collisions always gets vilified in the uk , they are an easy scapegoat to blame when something goes wrong , making them less likely to attract new voters . 
  this , combined with nick clegg going back on his promises about student loans ( although i do n't think he had a choice ) means they also alienated their core voters , leaving the lib dems with nothing . 
  but that 's not how defence works , russia pls . 
  you must welcome our stone age ideology !, 
  i hear russia is in the market for warm water ports . 
  yes please !, 
  fantastic for people who count calories . 
  expected more adidas . 
  africa gets more than enough money to help itself , the trouble is the place is so corrupt the locals will never see a single penny , if countries in europe want to help we need to physically go over there , build schools and houses , make sure its stable before we leave , and even then what are the chances in 10 years it will be back to the way it was . 
  smoking seems to have decreased enormously in england , i remember being in secondary school 8 years ago and everyone was smoking , now i only have 1 -2 friends who smoke , a lot of people have moved to `` social smoking '' however , only having a fag with a pint . 
  got ta love having 2 things horrible for your body at the same time . 
  almost , dpr and lpr babies blood is n't good enough to drink , it is used in her moisturiser however . 
  india you can have it back , we made a mistake , india pls ; _ ;, 
  in the eu , 
  i believe immigration within europe is working well , it 's not perfect , but i 've had mostly positive experiences with the eastern europeans in my area , most have come to do a job , speak my country 's language well and will make an effort to fit in . 
  in my opinion immigration outside of europe has been a miserable failure , i can not see why we are allowing people who would provide no benefit what-so-ever to stay , the majority i have experience with have absolutely no interest in working , integrating , or even living as part of their host country , demanding special treatment , turning to crime quickly if they do n't get their own way . 
  the current system does not work at all , there is no penalty for trying to enter illegally , they will simply get sent away and try again the next day , each country should be allowed to use its own laws , and the legal means of entering european countries should be improved considerably , i am personally in favour of a points system similar to australia whereby you either meet the criteria or you do n't , and if you do n't you get sent home , deportation should also be made easier if the offending person has broken that countries laws . 
  european borders and sea territory should be patrolled and policed and there should be no chance people from any illegal boat should end up on european soil , even if that means being shipped back to their origin . 
  asylum seekers also need to start staying in the first safe country they arrive in , france , britain and germany are not the first stops on the route out of syria . 
  these countries taking in the asylum seekers should receive support from other countries to help cope and should also have the power to remove asylum seekers breaking that countries laws . 
  likewise , i always find myself extremely jealous of friends around switzerland and germany who can often speak 3 or more languages , it makes me feel like a dumbass . 
  ive been trying to learn french and german but am struggling with gendered words and pronunciation . 
  the uk needs to allow more exposure from other european languages on people from childhood . 
  there we go , you 've shown your true colours now . 
  yes it is very clever , you can cry racism every time somebody tries to stop you committing crime . 
  choosing a role ? . 
  no , we are not just talking about roma we are talking about discrimination and xenophobia , people discriminate against the roma for the same reason they discriminate against other groups in their countries which cause problems . 
  im sorry , but we can not have a debate until your english is at a level where i can understand you and you can understand me properly , if you fail to see how examples of different groups being discriminated against fit together then i can not help you . 
  i 'm guessing english is n't your first language , the sarcasm in your post , if any , is extremely hard to detect , in fact your post as a whole is difficult to understand . 
  i do not know the extent of the belgian law system so i ca n't comment on their laws against begging . 
  but yes , there are huge criminal organisations that use begging as a source of income , these organisations and the people within them also use discrimination as a tool to get away with crimes , there is an organised criminal begging problem specifically with the roma communities , and until that is sorted no amount of belgian policing can resolve a cultural problem , just like with islamic communities elsewhere in europe causing problems , change needs to come from within . 
  discrimination does n't happen just because white people hate them , it happens because they themselves refuse to adapt to a country they are living in , do you think it 's fair for the natives of a country to put up with hostile outsiders who use them and their country as source of money to steal ? , why should their children beg on the streets instead of learning in a school ? . 
  do all white people refuse to live in harmony with other races ? 
  the answer to both questions is no , of course not . 
  but do not deny that organised begging is a big problem within the roma community . 
  what does that have to do with dualism ? , the lives of everyone including the roma children would be better off if they were in school instead of on the streets being forced into criminal begging gangs . 
  well those syrian toilets are n't going to scrub themselves , at least they are getting experience working the first and only job they will have in their life . 
  damnit not my stash ! . 
  ill let you know when i see it ... nope still nothing . 
  its important that we are allowed to discuss and debate it without people attacking you and calling you a bigot and a racist . 
  i believe all countries should use a points system to decide if you can stay , even within europe , why should people be allowed to immigrate and live permanently if they do n't have qualifications we need , or if they do n't speak the language we speak . 
  sometimes, 
  well , i 'm sure thats going to improve her view of india . 
  quickly , while i can still afford to get to mainland europe , i want to see the sun this year ! . 
  thats really interesting , my first thought was groups of gypsies robbing people near major cities , did n't think about people living like nomads . 
  that straw house is pretty great ( being downvoted for my thoughts lol ! ), 
  nah thanks , we got our own collection already . 
  everyone should learn to laugh at themselves dude , makes the world a little better . 
  once great now kinda shitty, 
  all hard working people just dying to move to a country to assimilate and partake in the local culture im sure . 
  if you look closely you can see millions of migrants heading out of greece and into bulgaria .
