  do you think it is a good idea ? 
  look i can play the false accusation too !, 
  i 'm sorry , but are your really implying that all corsicans ( or at least those who want to speak corsican ) are terrorists ? 
  do you really think that way ?? 
  so if i look for `` france 's violations of human rights '' in google and find something ugly , should i come back and attack all french people with that ? 
  of course not , that would be just silly !, 
  then why are you doing that with them ? 
  yours is a fallacious argument . 
   if their were sincerely interested in regional languages , why are they not campaigning for all dialects in france ? 
  why not creole ? 
  also a fallacious argument . 
  they are asking for their rights , i 'm sure they sympathize with speakers of other languages , but each one 's voice should be raised first to ask his own rights . 
  think about it like this : should every traffic controller of the world go tell the french government to help their french fellow that were on the strikes ? 
  sure , they can simpathise with them , but taking care the rest would be probably too much . 
  well , that 's what you have been asking them to do . 
   their is one national language in the french united republic and all other have the same status , that is called also equality by [ definition ] ( https://www.google.es/webhp?sourceid=chrome-instant&amp;ion=1&amp;espv=2&amp;ie=utf-8#q=equality+definition ) , if you have one that is different to the other , it 's the oposite of equality . 
   i see it as a consequences of the mandatory french in the free and mandatory school for decades . 
  but the responsability relies upon the people that didnt keep it alive . 
  i will not say it is the fault of others . 
  it 's not just about school being mandatory in french , france has historically banned and ridiculized regional languages , and that is what ultimatelly leads to the artificial death of a language . 
  my family moved temporaly to southern france about 60 years ago and they first learned occitan to comunicate , since it was more similar to the language they spoke . 
  they quickly decided to stop using occitan and moved to french , because many people ( specially from outside that region ) kept telling them that it was `` not a good french '' , sometimes even in acting bad ways . 
  certainly , if you feel your language is accepted and respected by your country you would never even consider changing your way of speaking , or not teaching it to your own children . 
  in fact , there are small regions of spain and italy where occitan is still quite spoken , so it helps to see how much french rule affected the health of regional languages . 
  how ironic that the prime minister of france , which has catalan origins , actively oposes any kind of protection for minority languages . 
  a language is the maximum representation of a culture , it represents a whole different way of thinking and understanding the world . 
  by ignoring ( and historically supressing ) other languages , you are activelly killing a whole culture that will never come back just tu fulfill a national idea you persue . 
  are you objectively sure that 's the correct thing to do ? 
  following your example , i do n't think many french people would like a federal eu if it meant that english was the only official language of administration and media , while french had to be completelly ignored and just kept by locals talking it . 
  knowing how france is one of the countries that defends its national language the most in front of english , maybe you ask yourself , how would you feel in a situation like that ? 
  would n't you feel sad for how your culture would be mistreated and slowly sentenced to disappear ? 
  i know we all have strong ideas we think are good , but we should n't forget how we 'd feel if we were on the other 's place . 
  comparing national sovereingty to rape , great argument . 
  scotland could be legally independent , that does n't mean it 's legally independent right now , or is it ? 
  that is what i 've been trying to say all this time . 
  and the spanish constitution can be changed if there is support , so it could be changed too . 
  my point is that , until the uk government allows a new referendum and the scottish people vote to leave , independence wo n't be legal . 
  on the other hand , we have forced by law to speak castilian for the last 200 years ... 
  i think a large portion of the pro-independence movement in catalonia is more about not wanting to be part of spain ( which is largely seen as a second-class state with serious problems that have been proven too hard to be changed ) than just for cultural or symbolical reasons . 
  by the time that alliance was made , scottish independence was n't legal either , and to be honest , it is n't yet . 
  scotland wo n't be legally independent until they win a new referendum , and that might take a few months or even years to come . 
  your point ? 
  he said america , not canada . 
  i 'm not catalan , but no , there has never been an * legal * referendum accepted by the spanish government . 
  they had regional elections where the explicit pro-independence parties won 47 % of votes , about 10 % to a party with both pro-indepencende and pro-staying members and the rest to different stay parties . 
  but without a referendum , there is no legal exit to this problem . 
   they are completely diferent situations mainly they are in a country that lets them vote . 
  edit : do n't get why i 'm being downvoted by so many people . 
  i 'm stating the fact that spain does n't want catalonia to ever be independent , and that goes from banning any kind of referendum to putting pressure over scotland . 
  if it was another country that wanted to join the eu , the spanish government would n't bat an eye , but how many news about scotland and spain have we had in the last weeks ? 
   spain has an unemployment problemnot a poverty problem ( more than other w. european nation i mean ) we have one of the highest rates of [ children at risk of poverty ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/file:children_at_risk_of_poverty_or_social_exclusion,_2010_and_2014_ ( % 25 ) . png ) of the eu , similar to greece , a few points ahead other western european countries and almost twice than france or germany . 
  plus [ one in three chilndren suffer malnutrition ] ( http://www.laopiniondezamora.es/sociedad/2016/06/28/tres-ninos-espana-sufre-malnutricion/935768.html ) . 
  i would n't say we are n't poor either . 
   a single majority vote to decide the probably biggest and most complex issue with massive irreversible consequences the uk will ever face for a generation . 
  yet when the uk joined the eu ( or ec back then ) they just needed a victory by the minimum , but i guess it was ok to think like that then . 
  this whole issue is much more complex than it 's being presented and deals with the own concept of referendums and democracy . 
  should we protect some decisions to be taken by more than 50 % of the population and activelly defend the statu quo , or should we always deal with the will of the majority?who determines when  50 % is needed and when it 's ok ? 
  from alicante to the south the density of population is one of the highest in all valencia , yet they voted psoe over up as in other castilian-spoken zones . 
  and a bit to the north of alicante you also have an area with really low density of population where a la valenciana won despite being of valencian influence . 
  would n't that mean that the correlation is stronger with the national idea than the population one ? 
  do n't missunderstand me , i know votes from urban areas account for a big chunk of up-coalitions support , but this with what i mentioned before about the non-direct correlation of vote in areas such as asturias , galicia and others might also be an important point to consider that i think you have been missing except for catalonia and the basque country . 
  i do n't know if you knew this , but in valencia we have 2 distinct cultural regions , one with predominant castilian language and culture and another with valencian . 
  this [ image ] ( http://imgur.com/zglttud ) shows the results of the past elections by districts . 
  try guessing which are the valencian districts and which the castilian ones ( tip : there is a 100 % correlation ) . 
  now with that image in mind , do you really think nationalism has nothing to do with the results ? 
  [ found a new image ] ( http://imgur.com/2jimkrd ) since last one was taken from reddit when the count was less than 20 % . 
  i understand the point that large cities account for a significant portion of the vote of up , but if that were the case asturias , cantabria or the canary islands should also show a slight victory of up over psoe , and the countrary would also be true in galicia ( [ more info ] ( http://www.elmundo.es/espana/2016/06/26/57703643e2704e4d4a8b4647.html ) ) . 
  my point is up has been draining votes from different nationalists parties to support their results ( [ despite some of them thinking it was not worth the aliance ] ( http://www.levante-emv.com/valencia/2016/06/29/ribo-aboga-estudiar-continuacion-coalicion/1438359.html ) ) , and that is an important difference from the rest of castilian-cultured spain . 
  that is true , but there is also a [ significant difference ] ( http://imgur.com/gtv1xzq ) . 
   do you have any serious peer reviewed studies to prove that the funding is `` heavily altered by political reasons '' ? 
  the most recent case comes from the `` fondo de liquedez auton\u00f3mico '' ( fla ) , and how the money had been bloqued and coming at a much [ slower rate ] ( http://www.eleconomista.es/espana/noticias/7613432/06/16/valencia-se-queja-de-desigualdad-de-trato-en-el-fondo-de-liquidez-autonomica.html ) compared with the same period with the previous pp government , with the minister montoro appearing just two weeks before the elections and saying that it had been paid `` with the money of all the spaniards '' . 
  he does n't even want to talk with them before they have a new referendum , preventing any possible fast action in the future that might beneficiate both scotland and the eu . 
  let 's be honest , there is no legal reason avoid previous talks . 
  the only reason spain wants to do that is to avoid catalonia trying to do the same ( despite their situations being quite different ) , but that is far from the best possible course of action in this case . 
  valencian here . 
  the spanish econimic balance between autonomous comunities and the state is all broken . 
  how can you explain if not that we valencians pay more to the centrar government despite being poorer than the average spaniard ? 
  the problem is that local funding by the government is heavily altered by political reasons . 
  not stealing maybe , but not far from it either . 
  i 'm sick of polls . 
  they did n't do well with brexit , and they deffinitelly did n't guess what would happen on spanish elections . 
  that 's the tittle i found for the image on twitter , but you 're right , it was n't really adequate so i 've changed it . 
  [ spot the different nations ] ( http://imgur.com/gtv1xzq ), 
   there is no sane government who will take a non legally binding vote and ignore 48 % of its population . 
  so a sane government would ignore 52 % of the votes and pretend that never happened ? 
  even if it 's a non binding referendum , it would be an unacceptable move for a democracy to act like that . 
  to be honest , the 2nd biggest party in spain ( according to lastest polls , yet they 'll probably end up on second place on tomorrow 's elections anyway ) is in favour of a legal referendum . 
  the bad thing is they only account for ~ 30 % of the vote , and even counting with nationalist parties ( ~ 10 % ) it 's obviously still a minority . 
  but seing how fast things are changing in spain , it might be possible that in a few years catalonia had their referendum , but i would n't bet for one in less than 10 years . 
  so we must respect the tyranny of the majority the first time , but the next ones it 's not ok ? 
  if you need more that 50 % of votes to take a decision , you are actively supporting statu quo . 
  i do n't think that could be seen as fair by any mean . 
  makes sense , closing your eyes and pretending a country does n't exist is probably the best way to deal with reality . 
  constitutions are meant to be changed if there is a will for that , as well as any law . 
  if catalonia ca n't have an independence referendum it 's not because they are not a former country or not , it 's just because the spanish government does n't want to hear what people democratically want to say and prefer to act like a ** holes . 
  because if you need more than 50 % of votes to change something , you are actively supporting the statu quo , an unfair competition between different visions of a problem . 
  not that the uk will be in better shape to do that after brexit . 
   we have nationalists/separatists parties which will vote against anyone typical spanish talk , blame the nationalist !, 
  the non-spanish nationalist , of course , the others have been doing perfectly for decades . 
  \\ s should i remember you that the main reason we do n't have a left-wing government like that in spain is mostly due to the fact that the socialist party ( psoe ) was trying to create a government with right-wing ( c 's ) and far left-wing ( podemos ) at the same time when they did n't want to cooperate with each other ?
