  that plus the fact that here the psoe is already very weakened and was affraid that podemos could have more votes than them ( which they probably will on the new elections next sunday ) , so the did n't really wanted to take that risk . 
  but sure , its all fault of the < 7.5 % of nationalists present on the spanish palament . 
  are you preparing something , scotland ? 
  just if you have a really shitty government . 
   other than that , i do n't like mostly history based names . 
  they are both inaccurate ( this new occitania includes some catalonia and misses a large part of historical occitania ) and stir up regionalism/nationalism for no good reason . 
  c'mon , france , you owe them at least that . 
  occitan language and culture has been minorized by law enforcement in detriment so that only french language was used . 
  you are the only european contry that keeps actively blocking the european charter for regional or minority languages and numerous organisations warn about the risk of loosing your own cultural heritage ... and you keep saying you do n't like nationalism ? 
  centralism is also a particular way of nationalism too . 
  i find giving them the benefit of choosing the name of their region to reflect their cultural particularities is the best way to show you respect their regional singularities , even if in the end you are all french . 
   i would like regions to just be named after a river or other landmark ( like most d\u00e9partements ) or just give them a number and be done with it i do n't think many people would like to see the name of `` france '' changed to `` western european country 2 '' . 
  yup , that 's why the name `` occitania-catalan country '' was also an option . 
  i imagine the referendum quickly fell on `` occitania '' due to a smaller area of catalan influence . 
  aside from that , the real occitania is much larger than the new region , but i guess calling it `` central occitania '' was n't that cool . 
  remember how you said the eu was full of mechanisms to prevent treaties like ttip ? 
  [ check this out ] ( http://arstechnica.co.uk/tech-policy/2016/06/italy-ceta-eu-only-vote-leaked-letter/ ), 
  i sure know that , i was just pointing out how occitan could be considered a `` macrolanguage '' or family of languages sometimes rather than a a single language . 
  it depends on the area , since occitan has a pretty different accent based on the region it 's spoken . 
   it pretty much sounds like catalan with a french accent catalan and occitan are part of the same branch . 
  they are so simlar that some linguist even consider catalan as a language inside the occitan family since occitan could be considered a group of languages rather than just one , but there is still a lot of debate about that . 
  sure there are !, 
  i 'm not much into music tbh , but of those i 've heard of i like [ alid\u00e9 sans ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=__lae8hbawo ) the most . 
  [ occitan ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=juwd7pqs2_e ) was missing too :(, 
  ttip had gone a long way before , and any government said anything against it until social pressure became too loud . 
  why is france trying to stop it now and not a year ago ? 
  maybe things would have been different if people had stayed silent . 
  i 'd say more than one scottish will stay at home that day in hopes for a brexit . 
  but in the end , if scotland as a whole does n't vote much different than the rest of the uk they might lose their chance for a new referendum , so maybe it 's best if they just vote stay . 
  many people seem to forget how close we were ( still are ? ), 
  to the ttip . 
  that alone could have erased most worker 's rights in europe , and no particular country could have fought against it even if they tried . 
  i would n't mind if instead of deporting those neo-nazis back to spain they send them elsewhere , to be honest . 
  personally , i want to see a brexit because : brexit -  scotland independent . 
  scotland independence -  catalonia independent . 
  and with a wounded eu , it would be much less hurful to re-join the union . 
  canada , you will be next !, 
  it 's a long story , but basically we 've been without a real government for 6 months because any party was able to create an aliance to form a new government . 
  this means the previous right-wing government was able to keep their status till new elections came ( that will be on june 26th , if you are curious ) . 
  the thing is that the spanish law prohibits a temporal government from taking that kind of decisions while they are waiting for a new government to be formed , so they had to submit them to the whole spanish government for vote . 
  the parlament voted to seek for a new solution to the conflict that did n't involved paying millions to turkey , but in the end the actual government voted in favor stating that `` we should n't vote against the will of the majority of the european union '' . 
  hope that helped you , 
  never heard of that new study , i had always believed the previous theory !, 
  glad to see how genetics proved i was wrong . 
  the thing is i 'm not even basque , nor have any known basque ancestry . 
  so yes , i 'm one of the bunch like many others . 
  btw : our nicknames are even similar :d, 
  european genetic heritage could be traced back to two main population groups . 
  the first humans that came to europe were hunters and gatherers , while a second much larger group of farmes came later and stablished on europe a few milenia later . 
  basque genome also shows farmer ancestry , since complete isolation is almost impossible , but their hunter roots are still much more significant than in any other european group . 
  plus , historically , the basque people have tend to not interact too much with outsiders ( both by cultural and geological reasons ) , which led to a much more isolated population . 
  not the basques . 
  i mean , it 's not like the other eu member do n't use that same excuse either . 
  in the case of spain , the current right-wing government used it as an excuse to accept the [ eu treaty with turkey ] ( http://politica.elpais.com/politica/2016/03/10/actualidad/1457638626_613928.html ) despite the majority of the spanish parlavent voting against it . 
  i think it 's not just a decision of the past . 
  even today , france keeps blocking over and over the european charter for regional or minority languages , oposing any decent kind of protection for minorized languages in that country . 
  hard to believe that considering how french centralism has almost killed all of the other languages of france . 
  i would n't call that `` humble '' at all . 
  do n't know why you get downvoted . 
  but seriously , catalan speakers tend to be really proud of their language . 
  as fas as i recall , the function of their cortes was less important than in the aragonese kingdoms . 
  i would n't dare comparing them as equaly important . 
  but even so , you would n't say that the kingdoms the habsburg ruled were all spain , right ? 
  that 's what i 'm pointing out . 
  did the kingdom of leon kept their own laws and self-government much later after the union ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  the kingdom ( or rather , `` kingdoms '' ) of aragon was ruled all by itself up until 1707 , when it was conquered by castille and french troops . 
  they just shared the same dinasty with castille , naples and half europe so i find it a bit inaccurate that they keep calling it just `` spain '' . 
  it was n't one sole kingdom but rather the same dinasty . 
  in the end , the portuguese did n't like how castille treated them , so they ended up quiting as fast as they could . 
  i do n't really think there is a difference on where they come from as a general fact , but rather [ how you expect that french wine will taste like ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5pekcwcc-tw ), 
   a brexit vote could encourage breakaway groups in places such as catalonia , which has long sought independence from spain . 
  this just probes the eu has n't done anything with the whole catalan independence problem instead of seeking for a real solution , and this could easily backfire them . 
  one of the main reasons many catalans wo n't vote for independence is that catalonia could risk being outside of the eu after the independence ( despite all of their 7.5 million citizens would still be part of the eu , since there is no law that could revoke their spanish or european citizenship after the independence ... ) , and that would be a real problem as for today . 
  but if the brexit goes on , the eu would n't be so powerful as a whole , and the risk of being outside like the uk would n't suppose that big of a deal . 
  furthermore , many scottish pro-independence grups said they 'd ask for a new referendum if the brexit wins , because being out of the eu was n't something they agreed before the referendum . 
  so if the uk goes out , i 'd expect the raise of pro-independence movements all over europe . 
   el franquismo dio muestras pronto de respeto a la lengua catalana i 've known people that were beaten up by the franquist police because they did n't know how to speak spanish properly and spoke in catalan . 
  so , as they say in my home town : `` i una merda '' . 
  it 's not the first time the government of venezuela has been used as a weapon against the left parties in spain . 
  when zapatero was president it was not rare to hear similar accusations thrown in right-wing media , and zapatero was anything but a chavist . 
   ** now ** that they 're talking about the shithole maduro it 's been like this for years now . 
  some media are too focused on venezuela , and we get much more of that each time elections are coming . 
  if what happens in that country were really that important we 'd be getting news about them on a regular basis , not just when we have to vote . 
   and it 's obvious there 's an ideological reason behind it , but we all know who complains about it and why . 
  i 'd say the same , but i do n't think we agree about whom . 
   long as you live peacefully -  inserts magaluf video, 
  `` enough '' --  49.9 %, 
  it seems northern countries are quite good at eating oreo . 
  `` paella with chorizo and clams '', 
  yeah , try banning their flag . 
  sure that eases the independence problem . 
  not just in catalonia . 
  people from the balearic islands and the valencian country ( where it recives the name `` valencian '' ) speak it too . 
  there are also small regions of aragon or even france and italy where it 's used , but those are the main ones . 
  in ireland , english is the main official language and just about 2 % of irish ( ~ 80.000 people ) are native gaelic speakers . 
  however , the irish government decided to allow gaelic to be an official language of the eu . 
  compare that to spain , where ~ 20 % of people ( 9 million ) speak regularly catalan and the spanish government wo n't allow it to be used in the eu . 
  it 's just madness . 
  less intelligent than average is not the same than idiot .
