  that 's why the current from france to galiza goes north to south . 
  i agree . 
  by the time bisons lived in the iberian peninsula , lions and tigers were living here too . 
  the thing is bisons went exting here due to the end of the ice age rather than the action of humans , so i find it difficult to find a single reason to introduce these animals . 
  we valencians ca n't pay many things either , and it 's not because we have many things extra to pay , but because the spanish regional funding system is really really shitty . 
  so i would n't use the money problem against the catalan government precisely . 
  well , the founder of the currently governing party was once a francoist minister , so you never know ... 
  nah , we already left that point long time ago . 
  what we do now is vote for corrupt politicians . 
  putting that into perspective , all that seems reasonable . 
  just one more question : should n't spain rearrange most of their deals too ? 
  if that 's the case that would be another another reason to try new ways for the eu to deal with this situation . 
  maybe asking for a temporal , and proportional between spain and catalonia , prorrogation until all the new deals are signed ? 
  or maybe i 'm too wishful . 
  they had already signed de facto when they were part of spain . 
  but let 's say they have to resign them , does that ** really ** takes so many years ? 
  do they have to renegociate so many things that they ca n't just accept most of the conditions that were accepted before ? 
   our media is heavily politicised and will demonize groups that spring up against secession , if it even covers them . 
  i 'm not catalan , but i have n't seen almost any pro-independence member on spanish tv ( and there are far more channels in this case ) . 
  should n't we then say that spanish media is also heavily politicised ? 
  because it 's a state-level problem , and we can only see people talking against it . 
   `` we are even allowed to discriminate against ethnic spaniards by not providing their children with a public education system in spanish !, 
  we are the only region in the world that does n't provide an education system in one of their official majority languages !, 
  here in valencia we have many zones where spanish is the minority language , and yet in many villages we are forced to have our educacion systems in spanish . 
  as you can see , the same thing also happens on the other way . 
  if ( and only if ) the catalonia-spain relation ended with a legal referendum and their relation was `` not too bad '' , they could pass a proposal of law so that the european union could accept seceded states faster if both parts agree . 
  this should n't be a problem for other countries , since they could easily block it if they do n't want their seceded parts to join the eu . 
  after all , spain also has interests on catalonia and would be much less painful for both parts to act that way if that 's the case . 
  same goes for catalonia and the catalan countries . 
  when the oportunity comes ( if it does ) it 's hard to convince the habitants of a region to not secede if they can and make them wait for the others . 
  the ukraine government knows perfectly who was living in there before the conflict started . 
  it would n't be too difficult to create a referendum of that is the case . 
  and yes , russia should be pushed away of the border until the referendum result came in , but ukraine has never proposed that either , and i do n't think russia would have had any excuse to argue against it if this option had been suggested when the conflict started ( they used they biased referendum to defend their idea , after all ) . 
  i 'm talking about passing a referendum , how can that be bad ? 
  that same situation happened in texas , that was part of mexico until the 1830s , but had a strong immigration from the states . 
  then they claimed to be it 's own nation separated from mexico , us-mexico war , they lost ... and today we all acknowledge texas as being part of the us . 
  i 'm proposing the least problematic solution there is . 
  it 's either that or accept that the russian forces won the war . 
   if anyone there or anywhere else wants to live under russian rule then they simply need to relocate to russia . 
  that is too simplistic , and by all means not a good solution . 
  if most people in crimea want it to be part of russia , forcing them to leave because they do n't fit in the ukrainian cultural standard is not going to work . 
  after all , a piece of land belongs to the people that live there , not the country it 's part of ( and history is full of examples why that is the case ) . 
  for me , the less painful solution for everyone would be to organize a referendum , and i 'm talking about a real referendum , one that was kept under vigilance of international organizations , not the one pro-putin forces did . 
  yes , i know if the pro-russian win it will be a real hit for ukraine , but it could also happen that the stay option win . 
  in the end , it would be much less harmful if we let people just vote , even if we consider they are wrong . 
  a country is based on its [ national identity ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/country ) , not its political frontiers . 
  [ never noticed . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fhxo0udpoxm ), 
   english profiency tends to be higher in the north than south , will people want to immigrate to where people are only proficient in portuguese ? 
  to be fair , the average knowledge of english in portugal is quite high , even better than in many not-so-southern countries . 
  i 'm a bit confused . 
  does n't italy have a bunch of [ regional languages ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/languages_of_italy ) ? 
  or is this map about how standard italian changes depending on the area due to the influence of those languages ? 
   only if you want a cursory knowledge of the subject . 
  i have instant access to any scientific papers on the internet in just a few seconds . 
  how is that cursory knowlegde at all ? 
  and of course i was talking about physical books , you can have an excellent bibliography online if you know how to find it . 
  i like reading to learn new things , and the internet is waaaay better at that than any book , that 's why a have n't read a book for years . 
  would you force every single tribe in the world to join our actual society against their will ? 
  now add the slavery to the equation . 
  the [ french ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/slavery#abolitionism ) were the firsts on abolishing slavery in western europe ( ignoring some american colonies after their independence ) . 
  the official ban for the whole british empire came a few years later . 
   the british contribution through colonialism to the world has been overwhelmingly positive i do n't think many black slaves ( among others ) would have agreed with that . 
  it is , i came from future to offer you the best news . 
  either that or i forgot to add the word `` referendum '' . 
  i 'm not surprised by the results in southern europe , but it strikes me that french people have such a bad perception of their own economy . 
  i know they 've had a few economical drawbacks lately , but even italy has a better opinion of their own economy . 
  could someone enlighten us about why could it be ? 
   ceuta and melilla are n't covered by nato . 
  never heard about that before , but it looks you 're right ( [ although the pp denies it ] ( http://elfarodigital.es/melilla/politica/101039-rechazan-la-iniciativa-de-upyd-porque-la-otan-ya-protege-a-melilla-y-ceuta-.html# ) ) . 
  in that case , the morocco hypothesis is much more probable as you said . 
  being part of nato and the eu , morocco really would go mad doing so . 
  i still find the militar uprising more probable , and with the whole catalonia thing you never know when the army would decide to act by themselves ... 
  but let 's hope it does n't either way . 
  that 's what i mean . 
  i find so unlikely that spain engages war with another country nowadays that the only conflict that i could see myself involved would be a militar uprising . 
  tbh , it 's way more probable that i had to fight against spain rather than for it . 
   in any case , we will be dead in radioactive fallout if there 's war , so what 's the point ? 
  power armor . 
  you had england on your side . 
  sadly , france helped them conquer our part ; _ ;, 
  wanting to solve a legitimate national problem with a referendum is a `` coup de force contre la d\u00e9mocratie '' . 
  yeah , because waiting for the tension to build up between catalonia and spain is a much better option . ^ \\ s, 
  except all germans are shinny white when they get nude . 
   if you saw a guy in a suit saying `` give me less taxes or i will take my money to a tax heaven '' you 'd think he is a huge piece of shit , yet catalunya is saying that exact thing and everyone is happy about it . 
  my god , that is one of the most fallacious arguments i 've read in a long time . 
  btw , i 'm valencian , not catalan , i know there is also a lot of shit and corruption hidden inside spanish politics , and people keeps voting them here , so in that sense things are kinda similar . 
  i 'm not going to write a fully detailed explanation about everything that is wrong with the idea you keep defending , but rather insist on the fact that artur mas never has been the head of the pro-independence movement . 
  that 's just he kind of focus that the spanish tv gives to him , an believe me , there are many many more flavours of independentism than just his party , convergencia . 
  think about this : mas anounced that he was going for independence in 2012 , right after more than 1 million catalans went out to the streets asking for independence . 
  that was just a political strategy he wanted to use to gain the power his party had been loosing for the last few years . 
  in the end that did n't work well for him , since in his own party there were a few pro-union sectors , and the tension ended up blowing the party . 
  on the other hand you have esquerra republicana de catalunya , a party that has stood for independence since it appeared and that has been growing in popularity while cdc plumbered . 
  and the best of all is that has never had a big corruption case ( i wish we could say that about the socialist party ) . 
  seriously , why do people omit the fact that erc exist ? 
  they even had more votes than convergencia on last elections . 
  it 's just madness !, 
  seriously , if ( most of ) the spanish people keep turning a national problem into a single-person madness , they will never be able to understand the real poblem that lies behind , and even less fix the current situation between spain an catalonia . 
  the difference is that the 9-n was a not a referendum but a consultation ( not legally binding in any way ) as it was conducted by an external organisation , not the own catalan government . 
  that 's why just about ~ 30 % of the people went to vote .
