  so i have a logitech k360 wireless keyboard . 
  it works fine when i am just on the internet or something , but whenever i play something , like counter strike global offensive , it just lags/disconnects . 
  for example , if i press w to move , it will sometimes let me move 5 seconds later . 
  sometimes it just completely stops working for some reason too . 
  sometimes just restarting my keyboard fixes it , though sometimes it doesnt . 
  anyone know anything about this ? 
  thank you !, 
  specs :, 
  logitech wireless mouse, 
  500w bronze power supply, 
  amd 7800 gpu ( i think ), 
  windows 8 os, 
  i am going to poland this summer , and was wondering if europe had the retail version of dbz boz . 
  i would rather wait a few months and get a physical copy than get it now digital . 
  i googled it but got nothing . 
  thanks !, 
  so i ordered a liquid cooling system from amazon , and got it today . 
  i am running into 2 problems though . 
  first , when i try to screw in the fan and radiator in the back of my case , i can only screw in the top 2 screws . 
  the bottom half of the radiator is blocked by my motherboard . 
  the motherboard is too high/the radiator is too low so that it doesnt fully hug the fan . 
  what do i do about this ? 
  also , when i just went past the whole motherboard/radiator thing , i noticed that the tubes were really in the way of the cpu . 
  i couldnt get the cooler thing ( dont know what its called , the thing you attach to the cpu ) attached to the hinges because the tubes were so close to the cpu . 
  any help/tips ? 
  thanks a lot !, 
  so when i use ccc , i like it set to auto , though i noticed the speed usually stays pretty low . 
  when on auto , the fan is very low so i can barely hear it , and the temperature of my gpu is 60 + ( when playing bf4 for example ) . 
  so why doesnt it automatically increase the fan speed ? 
  do i just have to manually do it ? 
  specs :, 
  windows 8, 
  corsair 500w bronze psu, 
  powercolor 7870 gpu, 
  amd a10 8500k cpu, 
  thank you !, 
  the game doesnt include the psp download . 
  the front cover has sticker residue ( the kind when you try to peel off a pre-owned sticker ) . 
  looking for offers . 
  i have a ps vita 1000 . 
  it comes with a carrying case , screen protector ( already on , but not that great , though it gets the job done ) , charger , and 4 gb memory card . 
  it has 3 scratches on it . 
  1 is on the screen protector , so thats fine . 
  there are 2 on the screen itself . 
  they are only visible when there are bright colors on the screen ( green , blue , yellow etc ) . 
  ** please leave money offers only !, 
  ** ( amazon cards preferred ), 
  thank you for looking !, 
  pic 2 shows the scratch on the screen protector . 
  on pic 3 , it shows these cuts i guess you could say near the barcode . 
  i bought it used and it came like that , i dont know what the guy did to do that . 
  i guess he took a knife and just cut that part . 
  i found it to not really matter , since you cant see it when playing . 
  edit : ill aslo throw in cod black ops declassified as well, 
  i was reading through that article that said that this whole ps1/psp download fiasco was over , but there was a guy in the comments who said he could still download it . 
  is this true ? 
  can anyone confirm ? 
  if it is ill pick them up really quick . 
  thank you !, 
  i go to school near the beach , and i like to take my 3ds with me . 
  since i go to school near the beach theres usually some sand in my book bag , and it gets into my 3ds . 
  when its folded , there is that part near the game cart that is the middle/big hing right ? 
  well theres always some sand getting in there and it really scratches that plastic . 
  is there any way to prevent that ? 
  like applying something ? 
  i was thinking nail polish though i dont know , since i heard it corrodes plastic . 
  thank you, 
  so i have a project due on friday for algerbra ii/trig . 
  basically i have to write a 2 paragraph story about something that has to do with triangles . 
  in the story , the character ( s ) have to find missing sides/angles using law of sines/cosines . 
  can anyone help me come up with a good story idea ? 
  i was thinking something along the lines of the game thomas was alone , but i realized that i wouldnt be able to do that too much . 
  here are the exact directions :, 
  this project is designed to help you fully grasp the concept of using trigonometry, 
  to solve problems . 
  this includes , but is not limited to , finding the length of a missing, 
  side or a missing angle of a non right triangle , identifying these problems in everyday, 
  life , drawing them , calculating their values , and weaving it all into an interesting ,, 
  amusing or creative story !, 
  your task is to develop a story involving the missing angle or missing side of a, 
  right triangle . 
  to support your story , you will need to carefully draw , use a photograph ,, 
  a picture clipped from a magazine or downloaded from the internet , illustrating the, 
  problem in your story . 
  you will need to include all formulas and all of the steps required, 
  to come up with your answer for your story . 
  requirements, 
  final draft must include : ( see scoring sheet for specific details ), 
  a ) a creative , unique , and imaginative story, 
  i ) imaginative, 
  ii ) appropriate subject, 
  iii ) must be a trigonometry problem ( finding a missing side or angle of a non-right triangle ), 
  iv ) the story must be more than a few sentences . 
  it must be a story . 
  somewhere at or, 
  v ) it must be creative !, 
  b ) a drawing , an actual picture or a magazine clipping to illustrate your story, 
  i ) from the internet , magazine , newspaper , photograph, 
  ii ) the drawing or picture must be visible and clearly definable, 
  iii ) the picture must be appropriate to the story and to class rules and expectations,
