  thanks guys !, 
  i already ordered a lenovo y480 on sale for $ 800 !, 
  blocked for me, 
  happened to me before , it was a crazy game, 
  no , im pretty sure just one banshee . 
  jesus ... some people still dont even have the specializations out now !, 
  why the hell are they releasing new ones before everyone has the old ones ? 
  the really stupid thing is that 343i is releasing more specializations , even when some people dont have these yet !, 
  i saw it on r/halo yesterday , the op on that post went to a chat with microsoft support and they said that they were working on new specializations . 
  thanks !, 
  a 500lb black guy in halo 3, 
  so all in all , the vista version is probably better , right ? 
  and can it run on windows 7 or 8 ? 
  ok , thanks !, 
  i think my new laptop will be windows 8 so i just wanted to make sure . 
  haha , at least its something :d, 
  im pretty sure the spacing were different , but still basically the same gt, 
  how much does premium cost ? 
  link , please ? 
  wait , i just searched up premium for battlefield 3 . 
  is it just a code or is it the actual game ? 
  like , does the disc have the premium ( not sure if that makes sense ) . 
  most places i looked it just had the game , but premium edition . 
  no comments , yet their all taken -_-, 
  its because your on the backup servers, 
  oh yea , bots , i forgot : /, 
  haha thanks !, 
  though for the platform , it says vista or 7 . 
  so it wouldnt work for xbox , im guessing . 
  the reason im wondering is because the xbox one is like $ 50 , and this is like half that . 
  i cant find a place where , though . 
  everywhere i check it gives me the disc , im pretty sure . 
  are you sure this would work for xbox ? 
  because there is one on amazon for $ 25 . 
  its alright . 
  thanks anyway !, 
  but why is the pc version like 1/2 the price of the xbox version ? 
  woo polish flag !, 
  why is everyone typing in caps ? 
  im going to go deaf . 
  how fast are we aging ? 
  that storm grunt picture ... he looks like hes saying * `` im gon na rape you '' *, 
  halo wars never really died out , for me at least . 
  i mean just take a look . 
  like 5000 players on the game every day . 
  and it came out 4 years ago !, 
  to me , that 's pretty amazing . 
  not much lag , no hacks , the only thing is rushing , but ensemble obviously cant/couldn ' t do anything about it . 
  awesome game , 
  when i 'm playing with random people and everyone 's unsc except 1 person on the other team , i know im screwed because 85 % + of the time they just rush with their prophet , arbiter , or brute . 
  just last game i played with a recruit who had literally no idea what he was doing . 
  he just * started * building something when i had 2 supply pads done . 
  and of course , i got rushed with a prophet and warthog army . 
  basically i was playing a 2v1 , so i would 've lost anyway :p, 
  that guy that they almost crashed into that also tried to save them . 
  respect . 
  thats exactly what i thought , too . 
  yea , kinda is now that i think about it ... 
  damn , your not supposed to type it in text like this , bots take all of them . 
  seems like they already took them or people just took them without commenting . 
  i know . _ . 
  i cant walk anywhere without feeling nervous anymore, 
  wait is he just stopping the show or is he seriously leaving wwe ? 
  why is she leaving ? 
  i swear , now the only people in the divas division are kaitlyn , layla , alicia fox , and aksana , aj , and rosa , who dont even really wrestle anymore . 
  the rock - know your damn role !, 
  at least you got triple h over there, 
  redditor logic : use phone for reddit instead of calling for help, 
  ( # 17 ) there is a ` reach racer ' easter egg on the mission `` oni sword base '' . 
  basically the game sets up a race for you . 
  video tutorial : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ovafv-sxuq8, 
  no problem . 
  from what i heard on this subreddit , its rock v brock at wrestlemania , but its unconfirmed if its for the wwe championship . 
  hopefully it is , though . 
  that guy has 343 upvotes on his comment ( when i viewed it ) . 
  they know . 
  no , * he * must know, 
  if only that was the boltshot , we would have never been exposed to that hell-hole . 
  knettle 37 all over again, 
  i use far distance render , and i have a 64 bit laptop . 
  and i am mining at bedrock , yea . 
  so when mining near bedrock i cant see past a few feet . 
  why ? 
  is it intended or no ? 
  why would they put that though ? 
  ok , minecraft isnt crashing for me so im good . 
  thanks !, 
  whats optifine ? 
  a mod or something ? 
  i 've been playing minecraft for like 2-3 years now . 
  i still find them scary . _ . 
  but then again i find a lot of things scary, 
  thats where i know it from !, 
  wait , what about brock lesnar guy ? 
  thanks, 
  how hard/complicated was this to make on a scale of 1-100 ? 
  omg . 
  i still have this game !, 
  i remember playing crush hour all the damn time as a kid !, 
  if i knew how to , why would i be posting here ?
