what do you think will happen with the wwe championship ? 
  yea i see but if he does lose , it will probably be punk vs cena vs rock for the wwe championship , but even if he doesnt lose , that could still be a good main event, 
  agreed . 
  i was waiting all night for him to come out , and then when he didnt come out for heath slater , it was really disappointing . 
  when santino came out i just suddenly wanted him to go heel . 
  dont know why , but i did . 
  and how could you give a main event championship match 5 minutes ? 
  i guess your not a fan of cena ? 
  by the way who is the smackdown gm ? 
  first time ive heard that, 
  i think so but i wouldve thought they would bring him back tonight , especially since it was in st. louis . 
  on wwe.com it says aj is the raw gm but it says nothing about the smackdown gm ... got ta wonder, 
  too bad, 
  who lives there ? 
  h2oshoagie , do you regret going to play reach ? 
  when and where can i buy this ? 
  but he said `` thank you for letting me play the game '' so i automatically thought that was it, 
  i still find the part when the guy tries to commit suicide pretty funny . 
  yea , i remember the days when getting katana , hayabusa , and a 50 was like becoming a god . 
  silkroad btw, 
  what ? 
  reminds me of the ewok planet from star wars, 
  hello everyone . 
  im polish , and it is not very normal to do that in poland so you guys were right.wtf, 
  i played with him 2x in a row in lone wolves, 
  thanks a lot guys !, 
  thanks guys, 
  ok thanks i 'll try that !, 
  and to make it even worse , his gamer pic is of modern warfare 2 . 
  you 're talking about the curst heart task right ? 
  and yea , lol . 
  how do i update the bios , run a memory check , rollback drivers , and load default bios values ? 
  sorry , i do n't know computers a lot , just the basics , maybe a little more . 
  thanks for the help in advance !, 
  i cant get a screenshot , it doesnt save , though i 'll tell you what it says :, 
  a problem has been detected and windows has been shut down to prevent damage to your computer . 
  if this is the first time you 've seen this stop error screen , , restart your computer . 
  if this screen appears again , follow these steps :, 
  check to make sure any new hardware or software is properly installed . 
  if this is a new installation , ask your hardware or software manufacturer for any windows updates you may need . 
  if this problem continues , disable or remove any newly installed hardware or software . 
  disable bios memory options such as caching or shadowing . 
  if you need to use safe mode to remove or disable components , restart your computer , press f8 to select advanced setup options , and then select safe mode . 
  technical information :, 
  *** stop : 0x00000096 ( 0xfffffa8006d42b80 , 0xfffff80002e685f8 , 0xfffff80002e685a0 , 0xfffffa8005039f04 ), 
  collecting data for crash dump ... 
  initializing disk for crash dump ... 
  beginning dump of physical memory . 
  dumping physical memory to disk : 100, 
  physical memory dump complete . 
  contact your system admin or technical support group for further assistance . 
  is the shirt in mens or kids sizes ? 
  mens , right ? 
  ok , thanks , i 'll update you when i do all that, 
  i cant update windows . 
  i tried in safe mode with networking , and it wouldnt load at all , and in regular mode i keep getting the blue screen . 
  what now ? 
  thanks , i 'll try that !, 
  thanks , this helps !, 
  most of it . 
  thanks guys !, 
  now when i get the blue screen , it is when i play tekkit ( a mod pack for minecraft ) . 
  also , instead of invalid work queue item , it says bad pool header . 
  yesterday , as i was on my laptop i did n't get the blue screen for some reason , and in the corner of my desktop it said something like i had a fake windows or something , but i do n't . 
  how ? , wait , how are they on sale if thet didnt go on sale yet ? 
  so the tickets are 100 % real , and wwe will definitely recognize them at the gate ? 
  also , when will they get mailed to me ? 
  a little after i buy them or after nov. 10 ? 
  so basically its kind of like a pre-order ? 
  and thanks a lot for all your help . 
  but do you guys think it will be brock v rock v cena for the main event ? 
  i 've been trying to back up my laptop , but i cant find any time since it takes so long . 
  when i do i will restore it and see what happens . 
  thanks , this helps a lot !, 
  haha, 
  its both , you get 3 matches of double xp , and 1 entry to win a prize . 
  yea , its pretty good just for 1 bottle , and the fact that you get 1 entry is pretty fair , though i really , really want that xbox ... 
  thanks guys , it was there !, 
  hey guys , how many cp do you need to get the helmet ? 
  so it takes about 4 days . 
  but in a row or you just have to have 100 hail to the kings in any order ? 
  it does n't have to be in a row , right ? 
  thanks a lot . 
  true , i could tell something was very good , but something really bad was about to happen just by the music . 
  haha i know right !, 
  does anyone else notice whats in his bag ? ... it looks like a baby body or something o_0, 
  thanks, 
  why cant he play like this when he plays on polands nation team ? 
  true true , i guess its the team overall . 
  i mean poland did n't even win in the euro and did n't qualify for the world cup in 2010 . 
  you need a good team to win , bot just 1 guy . 
  never mind ... 
  its ok, 
  no , i 'm sure it was my account , though i saw that i have the prestige achievement , so is it possible that i prestiged then quit and forgot about it ? 
  well my gt starts with c , so shouldnt i have gotten it ? 
  also , what if we dont get the codes tomorrow or saturday ? 
  what should we do ? 
  call xbox support or ... ? 
  why is everyone so hyped for this match ? 
  i have still not gotten any codes , and i checked all 3 of my emails and the spam folders , and deleted folders .
