  i 've been hearing some talk about the pg era ending soon . 
  opinions ? 
  any actual links ? 
  [ u.s. ] i want a laptop with decent battery life , that i would use for a some gaming , school-work , and a back lit keyboard . 
  i really do n't want a toshiba or dell , they both disappointed me before . 
  dell , i may reconsider though , so , ideas ? 
  ( also 14.5 in + ), 
  hey guys . 
  i need a laptop that i would use for an mmorpg game , but its pretty big ( silkroad online , for those who know it ) . 
  i would use it for school-work , and regular internet browsing . 
  windows 7 preferred,back-lit keyboard 14.5 inch + , intel core i5 or i7 , decent battery life , and i really dont want a toshiba or dell , but i may reconsider a dell . 
  living in the u.s , with a budget of up to $ 800 . 
  please no hp pavillion dm4 , because my brother has it and i dont want the same one . 
  pictures would be appreciated , too . 
  [ i tried r/suggestalaptop , but they were no help ], 
  laptop questionnaire, 
  country of purchase : america, 
  budget range : up to ~ $ 800, 
  purpose ( netbook , ultraportable , mainstream , gaming , desktop replacement , etc. 
  ) : playing silkroad online [ similar to wow ] , school-work , browsing internet, 
  screen size preference : 15-16 '', 
  os preference ( windows / mac / linux ) : windows 7, 
  gaming requirements ( example games and desired fps/settings ) : silkroad online ( mmorpg , pretty big of a game too ), 
  performance requirements ( video , cad , etc. 
  ) : video, 
  method of computer support ( office supplier , college bookstore , self support ) : self support, 
  brand preferences and reasons ( already owned accessories , familiarity , business compatibility ) : hp ( cousin has it , i like it ) , dell ( good all around laptop brand ), 
  any particular style that you like ( examples are great ) : more on the thin side , but i need a disc drive, 
  which of the following qualities would you prefer ? 
  ( choose one , the other , or balanced ), 
  long battery life - vs - low weight : long battery life, 
  build quality - vs - low price : build quality, 
  low noise/heat - vs - high performance : high performance, 
  would you pay a premium for something that has :, 
  high resolution screen : no, 
  a great keyboard : maybe, 
  a great touchpad/mouse buttons : no, 
  great audio : no, 
  list any features that are critical : ( e.g. 
  optical drive , usb 3.0 , sd card slot , ethernet port , hdmi port , bluetooth , vga port , removable battery , glossy screen , matte screen , etc. ), 
  hdmi port , usb 3.0 , removable battery , ethernet port, 
  ** p.s. 
  ** : please dont recommend a hp pavillion dm4 , my cousin has it and i dont want the same one . 
  also intel core i5 is preferable along with i7 . 
  no toshiba either , please , or dell studio 1557 ( had it before , very disappointing ), 
  i 'm getting a new laptop soon , so i want to play halo 2 on it , since my computer cant . 
  so , i 've got some questions regarding xbconnect and halo 2 vista :, 
  1 ) can you get banned for using xbconnect ? 
  2 ) which one do most people play ? 
  3 ) is there any difference , other than price ? 
  4 ) how many people play per day , on average ? 
  thanks , in advance !, 
  hey !, 
  i just recently subscribed to this subreddit , even though i have had the game since release . 
  what can you guys tell me about each of the dlc 's ? 
  like , what comes with each one . 
  i know * aftermath * comes with the crossbow , what about other dlc 's ? 
  and which , in your opinion , is the best ? 
  i have n't bought any yet , because i do n't really follow dlc 's . 
  thank !, 
  when im mining , i cant see past a few feet , even though i have torches everywhere . 
  i cant see anything until i walk further . 
  when i change the render distance , it says i need 64 bit java . 
  is that what is causing the problem ? 
  if so , how do i fix it ? 
  hey guys !, 
  i have a favor to ask . 
  can someone make a wallpaper from this promo ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=06j7qgfpkkw ) with an epic quote from there or the song ? 
  sort of like this ( http://imgur.com/tox2oiq ) . 
  thanks a lot !, 
  ok so i have the tekkit mod pack , and i had no problem playing it when i started . 
  yesterday , i decided to try the voltz mod pack after a post i saw here . 
  it keeps showing me this ( http://imgur.com/ug4pvox ) for some reason . 
  i deleted my other server , and now im clueless . 
  help please ? 
  can anyone tell me what level is the best to find some steel/bronze ? 
  i have n't even found 1 piece , and i really need it for crafting . 
  by the way i am using the voltz mod pack if that helps . 
  thanks in advance !, 
  i am op on my server , for sure , and it is my server . 
  but for some reason , i cant search items , have the options to change the time , float , etc. 
  how do i turn this on and why is this happening ? 
  i had the option to do this before , but then it just disappeared . 
  this time , its about the battery box . 
  i tried the recipe from the in-game thing , the voltz wiki , and i googled it , and it still wont craft . 
  do the batteries need to be charged or something ? 
  i just remembered about them , and i entered myself into a bunch . 
  how do i know if i won something ? 
  hey all . 
  i am beginning to convert from xbox to pc , and i am sucking in bf3 . 
  on xbox , i was pretty decent in every class , but on pc i can barely kill 1 person a round . 
  on xbox , i would be stacking in kills , say 15 + kills a round , about . 
  any tips i can use ? 
  ps : i have already configured sensitivity , etc. 
  to my preferences . 
  backpack : http://backpack.tf/profiles/76561198080355918, 
  not much , but its still something ( tux is not tradable yet ), 
  any offers ? 
  giving it away since i gave my other 2 to friends , and they are worth pretty much nothing . 
  i got something from this server , so i am giving back what i can .
