  c ) a diagram of the non-right triangle to solve the problem, 
  i ) provides a clear representation of the problem, 
  ii ) include realistic measurements, 
  iii ) include units, 
  iv ) neat ( must use straight edge , or computer representation ), 
  v ) it can be incorporated into the drawing or picture ( above ) but it must be clearly legible and visible, 
  vi ) it must be a non-right triangle . 
  d ) calculations, 
  i ) show formulas you used, 
  ii ) show all steps, 
  iii ) include units in your answer, 
  e ) an appealing presentation, 
  i ) professional look, 
  ii ) story should be typed or neatly printed, 
  iii ) colorful, 
  iv ) appropriate subject, 
  vi ) size limit : 8 1/2 x 11 inches, 
  thank you !, 
  i sent him money for 8 tf2 keys , right after i sent it he defriended me and blocked me . 
  so i just got off chat with an amazon rep. 
  here is what i learned , and makes me a little uneasy :, 
  1 ) you are not guaranteed a vita . 
  even if you pre-ordered , if they run out of stock your out of luck . 
  2 ) the latest they will ship is day after release ( wednesday ), 
  3 ) it is based on a first come first serve basis . 
  the rep gave me a great example : person a orders a vita at 1:00 pm with standard shipping and person b orders a vita at 5:00 pm with 1 day shipping . 
  person a 's order will ship first even though person b chose 1 day shipping . 
  4 ) they will email you on tuesday if they run out of stock . 
  all this makes me a little uneasy , since i ordered mine late april . 
  i am thinking that if it doesnt ship by the end of today/tomorrow morning , i will just cancel my order and pre-order at gamestop really quickly , since i dont want to risk not getting it . 
  hope this helped some of you !, 
  just checked amazon , out of stock , gamestop as well and target . 
  pretty crazy , considering so many people were saying that it would most likely not go gout of stock . 
  ps : people who ordered from amazon , did you jump ship to a nearby store ? 
  or did you get a bundle from amazon , or what happened ? 
  i got the $ 40 package with the aurora ship and beta access . 
  i played it already , and walked around the hangar and went in my ship . 
  is that all i can do ? 
  i know you can shoot a gun , but can i fly my ship or anything ? 
  i used the search bar on this sub but didnt find anything relevant . 
  thank you !, 
  so theres this island in broad channel that you need a boat to get to that has always been calling to me and my friends . 
  its close to the broad channel/rockaway bridge , and pretty far out from the broad channel fields . 
  i was wondering if anyone knew if it it was was part of the jamaica bay wildlife refuge or if it was just plain illegal to go there ? 
  couldnt find anything on google , so came here . 
  thanks !, 
  i recently got a 128gb ssd . 
  what i would mainly like to use it for is booting my os ( windows 8 ) and a few games . 
  i want to use my 1tb hard drive for everything else . 
  so i was wondering how i would go about doing this . 
  i already have my os on the ssd , but when i boot up my pc it only boots up my ssd , not my hdd . 
  also , how do i move specific things to my ssd ? 
  thank you !, 
  specs :, 
  windows 8, 
  1tb hdd + 128gb ssd, 
  amd a10 cpu, 
  i have the algebra 2/trig regents tomorrow and am reviewing some questions . 
  i came across one where it asks what i use , sample of population standard deviation . 
  how do i know when to use what ? 
  what is the difference between them ? 
  thank you, 
  every time the summer/winter sale comes along , the store page always becomes so nice to look at . 
  a lot of colors , awesome pictures etc. 
  but this year , its pretty much just black for the most part . 
  anyone else with it was more colorful ? 
  i printed the page with the credit card thing on it . 
  when i took it into a store to use they said that i need an actual gift card , they cant accept just a paper since they need something to swipe . 
  how did you guys use it ? 
  since it isnt a daily or flash , do you guys think it will still go deeper/go on daily ? 
  i am not really sure , since it is fairly new and 33 % seems like a reasonable sale for it . 
  would you guys say buy now or wait ? 
  if interested , add me [ here ] ( http://steamcommunity.com/id/coolshooter658/ ), 
  i accidentally bought a copy of splinter cell double agent on amazon without realizing it didnt redeem on steam . 
  i checked if there were any people playing , but there werent any . 
  i checked the population , and there were only 6 people on ( reasonable for the time it was ) . 
  i just want to make sure , that since i have a drm free copy , i can play with people that have the steam version of it . 
  thanks !, 
  just picked up the game and was wondering if anyone still plays this ? 
  i checked and there were no lobbies going on , though that maybe because of the copy i got ( drm free ) . 
  i played on the 360 and there were actually a few matches always on , so i would think there would be on pc . 
  what makes it stand out so much from the rest - especially gen 1 ? 
  i am 16 and have a driving permit which allows me to drive but with an adult in the car . 
  this is in the us . 
  i know drivers licenses are honored , but are permits ? 
  im going to poland in august and my grandpa wants to let me drive ( not on highways , but smaller streets ) . 
  he says that they are honored , but i dont know . 
  -75 % jagged alliance 2, 
  -75 % dynamite jack, 
  -66 % 10 second ninja, 
  -66 % richard and alice, 
  would prefer cards for games i have cards for . 
  see my cards [ here ] ( http://steamcommunity.com/tradeoffer/new/?partner=120090190&token=bwd3j9le ), 
  send trade offer [ here ] ( http://steamcommunity.com/tradeoffer/new/?partner=120090190&token=bwd3j9le ), 
  if so , please add me ( cool shooter658 ) . 
  thank you !, 
  like for example , i would add into the spreadsheet that i have jenga tower , both the game and map variant and i would put in my gt . 
  i read a post from a while ago about something similar though i couldnt find anything on the wiki . 
  thoughts ? 
  i think it would be awesome and really helpful , so people dont have to scramble through pages of google to try to find a person with the map on their file share .
