  nothing . 
  should i call xbox support on monday ? 
  haha thanks , pm or comment back if you get it to work !, 
  how do i put a trait zone that will make you invincible ? 
  i know where to find trait zones , but how do i edit it for invincibility ? 
  i just tried it , does n't work :(, 
  dont worry about it bro . 
  if you didst see it , it was when they were talking about the app and zoomed in on lawlers ipad . 
  when did you call xbox support , or did you just get it late ? 
  mine is y2j , wrestling fans will know . 
  thats it ? 
  who won best character ? 
  haha, 
  its better than nothing . 
  can anyone spare me one ? 
  can i get it please ? 
  maybe just a little more than that . 
  i can trade bro , pm me, 
  settings -  account -  download history -  find what you want then press a on it and press re-download . 
  actually , i prestiged a long time ago and forgot about it . 
  sorry , though . 
  you can run , but you cant hide ... 
  knettle37 all over again . 
  thats so stupid , so many infection games are based off of flood having a gravity hammer or something . 
  yea i was just playing campaign with 2 of my friends , it kept lagging for only me initially , but then it started lagging for them too . 
  what does one have to do with the other ? 
  wait , what ? 
  simpler terms , please ... 
  so if i download the new map packs , they will become unlocked or something ? 
  but then why did it just stop a few days ago for me , and it barely ever worked for others ? 
  thanks . 
  i did n't get mine either -_- . 
  but luckily an awesome redditor traded me a code for my 14 day live . 
  oh , thanks !, 
  lol i actually found that out on my own , i was crouching near those rocks and i was getting shot at , so i backed up a little and i had no freakin idea where i was . 
  i saw the shooters reaction , he was like `` wtf just happened ? '', 
  still , i find the glitch pretty funny . 
  the file shares are broken , unless one of your friends have it in their file share , there 's no other way : /, 
  yea , * used to *, 
  can i get a code please !, 
  actually for me , ragnarok is more common than exile . 
  i played maybe 2-3 exile maps today . 
  ragnarok gets pretty boring after a few matches . 
  the only thing that i really look forward to is sniping and the mantis, 
  thanks for the offer , but no thanks, 
  yea , whenever i 'm driving in a hog and my wheel touches something , i start to swerve onto my side and pray that i dont flip . 
  btw do you have problems turning , because i do and i have no idea why . 
  this is my favorite soundtrack by far . 
  i agree with zila , a lunge is really all i want , even if you can sprint . 
  your enemy can just as easily sprint away , while you cant defend yourself from anybody 5 feet away . 
  i can also see why it needs a buff . 
  in h3 it was like a murder machine , with the sound added , it was incredible , in h4 , you can barely stop a hog with it . 
  the sound pisses me off , too . 
  it sounds like some weak ass gun . 
  i dont know how to do any of that , so basically buy a new controller ? 
  still have that code or no ? 
  thanks !, 
  im pretty surprised nobody has said recon yet, 
  i think hes trying to say hes tired of the `` halo 4 sucks '' rants , and now hes leaving to 9gag, 
  favorite soundtrack by far, 
  you home yet ? ... 
  ok thanks again, 
  actually its not for me , its for my brother . 
  and he is obsessed . 
  he plays from 7am-8pm with barely breaks . 
  not kidding . 
  sorry , though . 
  happy holidays !, 
  can someone post a link to buy this in the u.s. 
  please ? 
  can you link a picture too ? 
  also , is there any other choice , my cousin has this one i think , so i dont want to get the same one as him ... 
  i did , they were no help, 
  damn , didnt realize you were out, 
  the turret is really weak . 
  i died by a guy shooting with an ar at me , while i was shooting the warthog turret at him . 
  he killed me . 
  that should never , ever happen . 
  i found 2 , one with 8gb ram for $ 1,100 , and another with 6gb ram for $ 800 . 
  is there really much of a difference ? 
  whats the main difference between 6gb ram and 8gb ram ? 
  and do you have any experience with lenovos ? 
  edit : what does wedge battery and docking socket mean ? 
  i searched up the review and that was a con . 
  what is a wedge battery and a docking socket ? 
  i tried to google it but i didnt get any of it . 
  not bad , seems similar to the lenovo y580 , recomended by austin down there . 
  what is better or worse between them . 
  like what does the y580 have over the dv6t-7000 , and vice versa ? 
  i saw it in the cons section of the laptop reviews , and i had no idea what they meant . 
  let me reply to austin comments . 
  edit : btw can you tell me this ? 
  what does the lenovo y580 have over the hp dv6t-7000 , and vice versa ? 
  what is a wedge battery and a docking socket ? 
  i tried to google it but i didnt get any of it . 
  thanks !, 
  i found the lenovo y480 for $ 800 on sale . 
  it has i5 and windows 8 instead of windows 7 . 
  which is easier to use , and better for gaming ? 
  i heard windows 8 is worse for gaming than 7 .
