  cloud9 and clg are playing each other earlier today in halo , all in the winner, 
  do you know why that is ? 
  i tried it as well , and i too noticed some delay between the xbox and my pc . 
  not too much , but enough to notice it . 
  and i dont know if the streaming caused this , but my movement felt really weird , slippery almost . 
  and like you said , the graphical quality was really poor . 
  liquid have never been good period, 
  when have liquid ever been good ? 
  and to be fair , i used to like liquid , the roster is stacked and i really like nitr0 . 
  but for months , they have not been able to accomplish anything at all , even losing to clg who had to use cutler as igl . 
  and from thorins podcast with daps and steel , they are all apparently just stat padders who nonstop look at hltv ( except fugly apparently ) , and adren is a rager , all things daps said . 
  i mean yea , but there isnt that much more competition to be honest . 
  c9 , clg , tempo storm , current lg if you want to count them , and then maybe elevate ( too soon to tell ) . 
  i personally dont consider ex-nihilum , or ex-lg to be top 5 . 
  yea , both rosters have good stars ( hiko and semphis on nihilium , and the roster of ex-lg is pretty stacked in general ) but neither team has done anything except for a few short runs . 
  ill be honest , i always muted the stream when he was on greatfrag , and didnt know what to expect on this lan . 
  but when he has casted at taketv , it was pretty good imo . 
  for example , r.l told him to cast the pistol round . 
  rahim started , but was almost immediately cut off . 
  this happened so much that i was beginning to think i was crazy or something , but yea . 
  how much for the razer 2013 ? 
  for zombie army , like 2 , and witcher 2 , 2 as well i think, 
  thanks !, 
  copy of csgo ? 
  could you do 6 falchion keys for rocket league ? 
  could you do 6 keys for rocket league ? 
  or a combo of keys + copy of cs go ? 
  would you do 6 cs go keys for rocket league ? 
  can you do 6 cs go keys for rocket league ? 
  or a combo of keys + copy of cs go ? 
  what about a combo of cs keys + copy of cs go ? 
  what do you accept as .5 of a key ? 
  ( sorry if this is an obvious answer ), 
  [ are you interested in any game i have then ? 
  ] ( http://steamcommunity.com/id/yourmomlawl/inventory/#753 ), 
  ill do it for 3 cs keys, 
  - assassin 's creed \u00ae iii, 
  - blocks that matter, 
  - the ship - 2 pack gift, 
  - pajama sam : no need to hide when it 's dark outside, 
  - the orange box, 
  - dungeon defenders, 
  - sniper elite : nazi zombie army 2, 
  - microsoft flight simulator x : steam edition, 
  - sir , you are being hunted, 
  - the witcher 2 : assassins of kings enhanced edition, 
  anything interest you ? 
  i could do that for you if op says no, 
  rocket league please, 
  added you for rocket league, 
  confirmed, 
  added, 
  no , im not , sorry, 
  gjff, 
  235 nice analysis bro, 
  did he just say allahlahlah ? 
  anyone else get underpaid ? 
  i had a little more than $ 3 , only got like $ 1, 
  same , i only got $ 1 when i had ~ $ 3.50 expected, 
  not really , they were just playing like a pug tbh . 
  for example , both xizt and friberg were awping over allu . 
  yea , makes sense, 
  saving a weapon has nothing to do with being good/using it at all ... 
  your a fanboy , arent you ? 
  so salty, 
  [ * ] never forget ezskins vs renegades, 
  is it the same karma from halo back in the day ? 
  ah ok , thanks, 
  its been up on the list for a while now ( 2 + months ) . 
   all games : several players reporting issues with item placement after saving and quitting . 
  the maps revert to earlier states after reloading . 
  may be related to reports of placed items counting towards budget , but failing to appear in the map ( video from / u/piecars ) . 
  its been up on the list for a while now ( 2 + months ) . 
   all games : several players reporting issues with item placement after saving and quitting . 
  the maps revert to earlier states after reloading . 
  may be related to reports of placed items counting towards budget , but failing to appear in the map ( video from / u/piecars ) . 
  [ ] ( #tsm ), 
  are the ranks glitched or something ? 
  i feel like everyone and their mother is getting platinum or onyx on their first try . 
  i was even reading a forum where someone said they were flat out bad , yet got gold 1 . 
  even i dont think im that good , yet still got onyx in swat , and platinum in the rest ( was a 43 in slayer in h3 , for reference ), 
  i think he was , not sure if still is . 
  i think warden is generally the igl now , but the casters said he isnt for this event . 
  now dat is a team i have not seen in a long , long time, 
  yep . 
  i already gave up hope on the bugs on the game . 
  pretty clear they dont give a shit about halo mcc anymore and that it was a cash cow , nothing more . 
  sniper elite nazi zombie army 2 for l4d2 ? 
  sniper elite : nazi zombie army 2, 
  pajama sam : no need to hide when it 's dark outside, 
  dungeon defenders, 
  the orange box, 
  sir , you are being hunted, 
  would you do any of these 1:1 for l4d2 ? 
  sent you an offer, 
  yea , actually , but it alternates between left and right wrist, 
  more pressure , not your regular setup/comfort zone, 
  where did you find which teams werent paid out ? 
  or just prior knowledge ? 
  oh ok thanks , thought it was on that site .
