  thanks a lot !, 
  edit : p.s. 
  can you teach me how to do that so people like that guy down there will have something better to do ? 
  what does that mean and how do i fix it ? 
  ok , i did print screen but where does the picture go?i cant find it . 
  so i have to delete my tekkit world right ? 
  nsfw ? 
  i just want to play voltz , but that picture keeps coming up every time i log onto my server which i never played on before . 
  i cant even be on it for even a second . 
  i want to fix it , and thats what i need help with . 
  oh alright thanks !, 
  i did , i downloaded the voltz server from the website , and that keeps popping up, 
  oh i got it working , i deleted the server that wouldnt work , and re-downloaded it and it worked somehow . 
  cool shooter658 , anything i guess, 
  edit : changed my mind to anything, 
  is quickmeme in the cached version for anyone else ? 
  twist : op * is * the dog, 
  awesome . 
  how do i change the settings for the music to make it play at certain times like when i close the internet or something ? 
  anyone know ? 
  alright , thanks, 
  ok thanks guys !, 
  but i have another problem . 
  i think i got myself into a pickle , i am trying to make a solar generator to charge my battery to power my metallguric infuser . 
  i cant make the solar generator without steel , so what do i do ? 
  i cant get a blast furnace right now , either . 
  thanks , by the way for the clarification on steel !, 
  polish photographer represent !, 
  oh , thanks a lot !, 
  just realized how old he is, 
  i have that halo risk , but personally i prefer the original risk just because the halo one doesnt flow good , for 4 people at least . 
  do you know how to figure out if you won something ? 
  thats what cat-dog shitted out, 
  saw this a while ago, 
  i would actually rather have this than a $ 10 - $ 15 tip ... 
  dammit , i forgot the tissues, 
  can i get one ? 
  gimmie bastion you lovely chunk of meat < 3, 
  im interested, 
  im interested, 
  thank you amigo !, 
  ( profile = coolshooter658 ), 
  bioshock infinite and assassins creed iv, 
  barney from how i met your mother . 
  he is plain awesome , and legen-wait for it-dary !, 
  thanks !, 
  halo 3 . 
  greatest game i have ever played . 
  i like boys like girls quite a bit, 
  yea , mainly because there was something for everyone . 
  custom games , forge , ranked playlists , etc. 
  i miss the days when everybody stayed up all night playing infection . 
  bioshock please, 
  most games in battlefield 3 are epic !, 
  i play mostly rush , and it is just awesome . 
  me and like 3 other teammates , running through pipes / isolated hallways , trying to flank the enemy . 
  man oh man , if you just look up at the sky its epic !, 
  helicopters and jets , fighting it out , explosions and shrapnel everywhere !, 
  and then when you run to plant the bomb , you have to defend it like crazy !, 
  luckily , you might get a teammate in a tank who will drive up , and destroy some walls for you so the enemy cant collapse the building on you . 
  oh man , thats just a fraction of how epic bf3 is !, 
  the halo series, 
  elephant run by roland smith is a great book !, 
  thank you , 
  yea , i have been getting a lot of suppression points but not kills . 
  the aiming feels much different from xbox . 
  i play garrys mod , left 4 dead 2 , and a bunch of other games , so its not * too * weird for me but thanks . 
  elephant run - roland smith, 
  describe your sex life :, 
  alone in the dark, 
  red faction - donatello . 
  i liked how he was the brains since i was a kid . 
  also i liked his weapon-stick . 
  can i get them please ? 
  many have tried , but none have really gotten it to work . 
  from what i heard , you end up in the [ graveyard ] area if it glitches/malfunctions . 
  i dont think you can with time warner cable, 
  i remember for wm 27 i pressed record and it said something i dont remember but in the end i had nothing recorded . 
  enter, 
  can i get it please ? 
  can i just get red faction guerilla please ? 
  i saw this game on steam , but i had no money , as i am saving up for bioshock infinite . 
  i decided to look up some gameplay on youtube , and let me tell you it looks really fun !, 
  i wish i could play it though . 
  thanks !, 
  thanks !, 
  bioshock seems great . 
  too bad i 've never played it, 
  please give me the code, 
  thanks !, 
  gears of war 3 was really sad for me . 
  in gears of war 2 , dom had to kill his own wife , and in gears of war 3 he killed himself to save marcus and the others :'( . 
  it was really one of the saddest moments in any video game i have ever played . 
  ( ( p.s. 
  * if * i do win ( thanks !, 
  ) , can i just get bioshock 1 , not infinite please ? ) ), 
  for some tf2 keys , want an arma 3 alpha invite ? 
  oh wait , they are . 
  sorry for not mentioning it before . 
  i knew i was missing something .
