  thank mr friberg, 
  early karma i see ... 
  what have you got to offer ? 
  idk ... is 4 fair you think ? 
  yea sure whatever , send an offer https://steamcommunity.com/tradeoffer/new/?partner=120090190&amp;token=wzvth8lb, 
  service-just lie like everyone else, 
  what would the us have done to him as a pow ? 
  treat him like the rest , despite being a kid ? 
  or just send him back to his family ( if their alive ) ? 
  thank mr friberg, 
  is there a clip of snax entering the arena ? 
  thanks, 
  yea, 
  nah its good , except for the chorus i think . 
  the chorus doesnt sound like taylor at all . 
  the rest of the song is good imo . 
  the main reason of this song going out first is probably to keep bringing in the new era , with the old taylor 's dead and all that kind of theme . 
  i dont get why they didnt say undertaker will or wont be at the 1,000 th episode of raw . 
  i mean , hes been there for all 1,000 episodes , with him there there is going to be a different feel . 
  but i also think if undertaker is there , he will retire but do 1 last match . 
  and about the john cena-punk matchup , i believe cena will win since he is like the only wwe superstar that people know even if they dont watch wwe . 
  there will be plenty more people watching raw this monday , so i think cena will win to get more people into wwe . 
  biggest bullshit ever . 
  a 5 minute match and all that comes out is a heel turn . 
  who is the smackdown gm ? 
  i dont remember them announcing it , does anyone know ? 
  i am a wizard and a bard . 
  i want to become a cleric and my cousin tells me theres a task in donwhang where i do something and get a thing to become a new buff or something like that . 
  anyone know where to get it ? 
  so did triple h actually retire , or might he still wrestle ? 
  i just bought a lock and it says i have to register it on the website . 
  how do i do this ? 
  i tried googling it , but nothing helped . 
  someone help !, 
  is it true that in halo 4 you can sprint continuously without the power up ? 
  i was sitting there staring at the screen , waiting for him to come out , since it was the perfect time . 
  i was so mad when ryback came out instead of him . 
  why is he not making any appearances ? 
  why am i finding a lot of coal , copper , tin , and some silver , even some ruby and uranium ore , but why am i not finding any redstone ? 
  i have a dell studio 1537 running on windows 7 . 
  i kept getting a blue screen so i used malwarebytes to delete them all . 
  there is 1 left that will not delete , no matter how much i try . 
  also , when i start up my computer it gives me the option to quarantine it , and i do . 
  that worked like twice , but now i keep getting the blue screen regardless . 
  ( it takes about 10-15 minutes for me to get the blue screen ), 
  hi everyone !, 
  i was wondering when are wm 29 tickets go on sale , and where is the best place to buy them from ? 
  also , how expensive are the tickets , based on prior wrestlmanias . 
  i would like to know how much seats that are in the middle and far up cost . 
  thanks !, 
  i know that the brutes , jackals , grunts , hunters and elites are all part of the covenant , but why do the elites side with the humans while the rest are still trying to kill you ? 
  would n't all the elites siding with the humans be executed or something ? 
  i am a halo fan , but i do n't really get this . 
  what are the matches for wm 29 , if any were leaked already . 
  also , is brock v rock v cena the main event , because i saw that in a few places . 
  where can i buy mountain dew with double xp ? 
  can i buy it like 1 bottle or i have to buy the whole pack ? 
  first of all , sorry for the dew xp questions . 
  how do i know if i won something . 
  i entered once to get the sweater , but how will i know if i won ? 
  thanks . 
  can someone send me a link to last weeks and yesterdays himym , i couldnt watch them becuase sandy knocked out my cable , internet , and phone until today . 
  thanks !, 
  i want to get the locus helmet , but it says i need to get `` it 's good to be the king '' in the king of the hill app . 
  how do i get that ? 
  why ca n't i rank up from level 70 to 71 ? 
  it does n't give me the option for another specialization either . 
  why ? 
  hey guys . 
  i just started playing waw again , and it seems to have forgotten all of my stuff . 
  i have no classes , and am set back to rank 4 . 
  anyone know why , or did i just prestige then quit on the game and seem to have forgotten about it ? 
  are we all supposed to get the codes for more specializations tomorrow , or did some people get them already ? 
  i have n't gotten them , and i really want to rank up already . 
  does anyone have any idea how to make odst pods in halo 4 ? 
  i tried just making the barriers float by setting them to normal from phased , didnt work . 
  i have no idea how to make them . 
  help ? 
  can anyone comment what awards halo 4 won out of what awards it was nominated for ? 
  thanks in advance . 
  hey guys !, 
  if you want to have a unsc air vehicle in halo 4 , please sign this petition !, 
  does anyone know how to make the flood have weapons in custom games ? 
  i downloaded a duck hunt game where the flood has a sniper and the ducks are definitely humans because they are the lime-green color . 
  anyone know how ? 
  i 've been trying to download maps from people file shares , and it always says no files found , for every single person . 
  i even looked up some gt 's who i 'm 100 % sure have maps in the file share , and it says no files found . 
  why is that and can i fix it ? 
  1 ) in halo 4 , i prefer the dmr over the br . 
  i feel that there 's just something , * something * with the br that makes it weird to use , at least to me . 
  in halo 3 , i loved the br , i was so good with it , but in halo 4 , just , i do n't know ... any opinions/ideas ? 
  on another note , does anyone else experience problems turning ? 
  like 60 % of the time , when i try to turn , in a vehicle or not , it is really slow for some reason . 
  i never experienced this before in any other game . 
  thoughts ? 
  ( i play on 3 or 4 sensitivity ), 
  hey guys !, 
  i want to know , what is your favorite helmet out of all the halo 's . 
  mine has got to be odst ( which i would love to see in h4 ) or scout . 
  what about you guys ?
