  traded with / u/jampack200 [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/gameswap/comments/1stqu5/usa_h_payday_2_360_sonic_all_stars_racing_wiiu/ce5lhqg ) . 
  my fire emblem awakening for his/her loz link between worlds, 
  tf2 heavy for anarchist ? 
  tf2 heavy for anarchist ? 
  mason archer for mehrunes ? 
  popular opinion puffin strikes again, 
  its cleaning men , hallelujah !, 
  how many keys for starbound ? 
  i can do this . 
  add me ( coolshooter658 ), 
  starbound for 4 keys, 
  confirmed, 
  i think i read somewhere that there is some gaming event early 2014 , like january 2 or something , so we can expect more info then . 
  as of now , valve said early next year , so my guess is before march 2014, 
  would you do dod for a key or are you solely looking to get payday 2 ? 
  sorry i already have it, 
  patricia, 
  playing halo 3, 
  a tf2 key, 
  no , sorry, 
  sorry but i have it already, 
  sorry but i have it already, 
  sell them or give them away . 
  they expire on jan 3 i am pretty sure, 
  just to make sure you know it is the 2 dlc for it , not the actual game right ? 
  [ is this a safe bet ? 
  planning my first build soon ] ( http://us.ncix.com/products/?usaffiliateid=1000031504&amp;sku=85625&amp;vpn=100-b1-0500-kr&amp;manufacture=evga&amp;promoid=1051 ), 
  sorry , i already have ns2 and i am not a fan of bioshock . 
  sorry , have it already, 
  sorry , i already have that game, 
  why is this still here, 
  i dealt with this . 
  what i did was press the power button , then this window would pop up asking me if i am sure i want to close the programs or something like that . 
  just click no really quick and that screen will go away . 
  [ lost ost - moving on ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j5wohii7xcu ), 
  oh wow , i remember now . 
  i remember when i used to listen to it it would remind me of charlie and claire . 
  thanks !, 
  how many keys for black ops ? 
  hey !, 
  yea , i still have it . 
  what are you offering ? 
  would you do like $ 20 to cover shipping ? 
  i could meet you in the middle at $ 18.50 if you would like . 
  yea , i still have them . 
  how much do you have in mind ? 
  i am completely open to negotiate . 
  $ 10 shipped ? 
  of course !, 
  pics will come in a few minutes . 
  3 didnt come out until 2010 . 
  i am playing on the downloaded version , though does that make a difference ? 
  and yea , i was, 
  it was because when you had a high rank , you would play against only really skilled people . 
  because of this , some people would join matches , and walk to the enemy and give them free kills , or just be away to ensure their team would lose . 
  this would make their rank go down , and as a result , they got to play with lower levels and feed on them . 
  sure ill do it for spec ops . 
  add me, 
  confirmed, 
  why is it overheating though ? 
  it overheated , i gave it a 2 hour rest , booted it up and it shut down in a minute . 
  how can it possibly get so hot so fast ? 
  is the cpu fan not working properly or something ? 
  ah , thanks for that . 
  yea , i actually do haha, 
  it seems like the fan is properly attached , doesnt wiggle around or anything . 
  so it must be just not fast enough right or something like that ? 
  what do you mean ? 
  you can just pm me the code . 
  click on my username , then on the right side it will say send message . 
  i just reattached it , i am 99 % sure it is in correctly this time . 
  i heard the click when i put the 2 hing things in , and i cant move it unless i take it off . 
  though my cpu still gets pretty hot whenever i just browse the internet . 
  at first , it was fine , maintaining like 32c , but then is having trouble staying in the high 40 's when i am not even playing or anything . 
  alright , thanks a ton !, 
  what i thought would happen was when cm punk got eliminated by kane , the authority would come out and say that he cant hurt punk anymore since hes not in the rumble anymore . 
  therefore , punk is back in . 
  but then cm grabs a mic , and says hes in no condition to get back in there ( after getting choke slammed through a table ) . 
  so he picks daniel bryan to go in for him . 
  what i thought would happen was when cm punk got eliminated by kane , the authority would come out and say that he cant hurt punk anymore since hes not in the rumble anymore . 
  therefore , punk is back in . 
  but then cm grabs a mic , and says hes in no condition to get back in there ( after getting choke slammed through a table ) . 
  so he picks daniel bryan to go in for him . 
  personally , i just hate him . 
  i was fine with nash , i guess since hes a legend and that is what the rr is about . 
  jbl i read somewhere that he was there so kane could get a chance to sneak under the ring . 
  alright . 
  6 man tag match announced , d bryan , cena and sheamus v shield . 
  winners auto qualify for the elimination chamber match for ortons title . 
  thats pretty much it , besides a few matches . 
  oh , and there was a teased break up between swagger and cesaro . 
  crowd isnt all too great either . 
  pretty much, 
  oh , didnt realize that it was mac , since mw1 used steamplay so it was for both . 
  ill think about ghosts , i dont know , i am feeling on and off about it . 
  sorry , but i am in the us and its region locked, 
  this game reminds me so much of lost . 
  yes , but if you just installed it , you need the old files of punkbuster since it is no longer supported . 
  let me link you to a comment explaining it all . 
  one sec .
