  i have picked up kerbal space program , and it says it comes with 4 card drops . 
  i have only gotten 3 while it says i got all of them . 
  i checked my market history , havent sold any of them . 
  is this a glitch or something ? 
  its going to be the daily deal tomorrow , and was wondering if i should get it . 
  many people said sniper elite nazi zombie army was bad , but i bought it and am thoroughly enjoying it , if that helps . 
  people have been saying to just wait for the second one , since this one is dying out . 
  if it wins the cc , is it worth the $ 5 ? 
  it seems fun from the videos/screenshots on its steam page . 
  is there a way to idle in games such as bioshock infinite like in tf2 , with the black window ? 
  the reason i ask is because my gaming laptop broke a few days ago and my computer crashes whenever i run games for some reason . 
  i checked it out , for $ 10 it looks pretty cool . 
  it reminds me of a game called big mutha truckers that was out like 10 years ago , i loved that game . 
  is it anything like that ? 
  if it is , i would buy euro truck just to recreate some nostalgia . 
  i bought 2 games today for a total of $ 15 , but i didnt get a summer getaway card . 
  it says your supposed to get one for every $ 10 you spend . 
  anyone else having this problem ? 
  i am open to any offers , but am mainly looking for either of these 2 games . 
  i dont have flair yet but have a confirmed trade [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/steamgameswap/comments/1dm7f4/successful_trades_may_2013/cayb0e9?context=3 ), 
  i am really tight on my steam wallet right now , and both games look pretty good , but cant decide which to get . 
  imo , hotline miami looks a little bit funner , but all i hear is praise for monaco . 
  which one should i buy ? 
  i can do a 1:1 trade . 
  missing cards [ here ] ( http://steamcommunity.com/id/coolshooter658/badges ), 
  forgot to mention i am not looking for ssg cards, 
  [ cards i dont have ] ( http://steamcommunity.com/id/coolshooter658/badges ), 
  i am not looking for ssg cards or cards i already have badges for . 
  also looking for other backgrounds ( mainly kerbal , skyrim , or football manager with the guy eating the hamburger ), 
  this game looks very good even in alpha !, 
  its like a mixture of minecraft , left 4 dead , and dayz . 
  please vote for it on greenlight so it can come to steam !!, 
  ( i am not in any way associated with 7 ways to die / the fun pimps-developers of the game ), 
  if you have one of those , add me for a quick trade, 
  would like any red orchestra 2 card besides t-34 76 , panzerkampfwagon iv , and elevator . 
  if you are interested , add me for a quick trade . 
  in tf2 , you need to buy an item from the mann co store to become premium and get cards , etc. 
  what is the system in dota 2 ? 
  when i go to the badges section on my steam account it doesnt show dota 2 cards . 
  do i need to buy something from the dota 2 store to become premium like in tf2 ? 
  if i do , what is the cheapest item ? 
  thanks all !, 
  ( i already googled and check the faq 's ), 
  -50 % off stronghold 3, 
  -25 % off dungeon hearts, 
  want, 
  cards i dont have , found [ here ] ( http://steamcommunity.com/id/coolshooter658/badges ), 
  i dont want cards for games i already have a badge for, 
  i recently made a prison-a wardens office , holding cell , kitchen and water generator and power generator.once the prisoners arrived , my guard just stands there . 
  anyone else having this problem or did i do something wrong ? 
  also , is there a sandbox mode ? 
  thanks all !, 
  i get on to the matchmaking menu , and it says the servers are down . 
  another guy said he has the same problem with halo 3 . 
  i tried many sites like abc.com , tvduck , hulu , but all either dont work or need a membership . 
  any good sites that stream in decent quality for free ? 
  hi all !, 
  for some reason my monitor stops working or is not getting a signal from my computer . 
  this has started about 4 or 5 days ago and has never happened before . 
  i am running on windows 7 and just hooked up my new computer . 
  this also happened on my old computer . 
  sometimes it wo n't happen at all and work fine , but other times it just shows me the screen i should be at for a second and go black and keep flashing `` analong ( d-sub ) '' and then `` monitor going to sleep '' . 
  it does this every 2 seconds and is going on as i type this . 
  the monitor is an hp 2035 and is fairly old . 
  i tried using an hdmi cable with and hdmi to dvi cable but it did n't work . 
  help please ? 
  i checked the forums and did what they said-from my old computer i copied the game from the steamapp folder ( the entire thing , which was a couple gigs per game ) and transferred it to this computer . 
  for whatever reason , it does not show up , as if i did nothing . 
  for example , in euro truck simulator 2 , there is no file i can load from and i have to create a new one . 
  is there a way to use steam cloud in this situation or any other way ? 
  thanks !, 
  when ben , hurley and john were going to move the island they went to a box with a mirror . 
  ben took it and communicated with someone-with who ? 
  at the end , did sawyer and the others on the plane get off the island or die ? 
  what happened to the island at the end when jack put the thing back in ? 
  did hurley and ben die at the end ? 
  what happened at the end when christian opened the church doors ? 
  when hurley was getting the others when he remembers what happened on the island , he took sayyid and saw boone getting beat up by some guy and then that girl ( cant remember her name ) got pushed , leading to sayyid helping her and remembering . 
  did boone remember what happened ? 
  because right after he went to hurley and said i hope it was worth it or something like that . 
  thanks all !, 
  both games seem really fun , especially with guncraft being able to build whatever you want , but i also like how in ace of spades you can dig to flank enemies and build forts . 
  though from what i heard , ace of spades is not too good . 
  is this true ? 
  which would you recommend ? 
  i play mainly solo unless one of my cheap friends buy a game we would both play . 
  i would like to start off by thanking jon massively for 6 years of golden entertainment and i cant imagine the sacrifices he had to make for the series as well as putting in all that time . 
  so , back to topic , when arby n the chief ends on saturday , is it true that jon will keep making arby n the chief bytes ? 
  i read that in some youtube comments and dont know whether that is true or not . 
  thanks all !, 
  so after not playing ps3 for a while , i decided to go back to play tlou again . 
  but for some reason i only have the console , no cables . 
  after searching around , i found [ this ( http://imgur.com/kubsrha,gofn0du#1 ) cable , but am it sure it is it since it was with my psp charger , but the end of it is different than the psp charger . 
  on the cable it says 300v . 
  is this the cable for the ps3 slim ? 
  just want to be sure to not short circuit it or anything . 
  thanks all !, 
  i have : ( all marked with a * are not cib ), 
  clear wireless intec controller, 
  ** psp **,
