  how are you able to play for like 5 games in a row ? 
  ( if you do ) . 
  i get burnt out really quick , and dont know how to make my cs go endurance better, 
  how do i become more consistent ? 
  sometimes i am really good and am really into the game , but a lot of the time i just bottom frag . 
  i warm up a match or 2 of dm prior to hopping into competitive . 
  currently i am nova 4 but have been losing all day . 
  what crosshair setting is that ? 
  looks really good and would love to use it . 
  like how many matches of dm would you do ( on average ) before you hopped into a game ? 
  also , any general tips for mistakes a nova 4 would make ? 
  alright , ill try to warm up more . 
  thanks for the help !, 
  this sometimes happens to me , but fixes itself pretty quickly . 
  i cant even place a bet right now , maybe that is why ( bots have trouble or something ), 
  no , they said that ibp thought they may have galils, 
  thanks !, 
  same here , i go to my bets , and nothing there even though i won, 
  happening to other people too, 
  tigers are my favorite animals !, 
  i would love for this to implemented ( or something similar ) . 
  cool idea !, 
  on the right sidebar , where it says your username , it says edit next to it . 
  click on that, 
  apparently , st francis college has some partnership with my school since the education at my school is very good ( it is a public school , but you have to apply to get in ) and i think that since our classes are college level + , maybe that has something to do with it ? 
  also , when they gave out the forms , they said its basically insurance for your ap exam , so like if you get a 2 , you still get the credits since you paid for them . 
  and i have never heard anything bad about them , and i trust my school , so i dont think so . 
  doesnt the ap class count as college credit if you get the required grade on the ap exam ? 
  hmm . 
  one more question : how do i contact a college about asking them if they would accept the credits for st francis ? 
  where would i find their phone number and which department do i contact ? 
  and i would contact a different colleges admissions office too see if they would accept st francis credits right ? 
  ft sg pulse and backstab sticker for chainmail ? 
  alright , thanks for all the help !, 
  i feel like vinchenzo from the other team may be as well , he had some really quick reaction/snap headshots , like 3 in a row with a ump, 
  no one , still delayed : /, 
  edit : finally started, 
  yea , sorry about that man , out fault, 
  apparently denmark won ? 
  when the undertakers streak ended, 
  i never used forgehub , what is it ? 
  why ? 
  they are the underdogs ... 
  here is jons blog . 
  he talks about future projects , and his current life . 
  pretty cool read , even though he only posts like once a month . 
  he also talks about his failed project after arby n the chief , chemotheraplay . 
  in the valve handbook , it says that their employees can work on whatever they want . 
  there is no set goal for them . 
  for example , if i want to work on tf2 , i can go ahead and do that . 
  but then if i want to switch do dota 2 the next week , i can do that as well . 
  this seems to have backfired on valve . 
  if half life 3 and left 4 dead 3 are being worked on , as rumored , then of course everyone is going to go work on that , leaving games like cs go in the dust . 
  and the sad thing is , valve cant/wont do anything about it , so we just have to hope for more dedicated devs ( like the ~ 10 we have now ) to switch over to go . 
  yep, 
  jeez , how did a5 even get this far ... 
  its already 9th round man , and a5 only picked up 1 round as ct in a bo1 . 
  congrats , im losing a little over $ 4 lol, 
  first bo3 , second map, 
  fun fact : human thigh bones are stronger than concrete, 
  joke : how do you find will smith in the snow ? 
  you look for the fresh prints . 
  the comeback 16-14 omg, 
  how do you choke that bad, 
  severely underpaid , bet around $ 6 and got back less than $ 1 in crap skins, 
  got it working , thanks a lot !, 
  although smn said vp players cheat , i really doubt taz , neo , or pasha do . 
  byali and snax i doubt as well , but i could see them 2 more than the other 3, 
  i dont even get why people accuse/think vp would even be hacking . 
  neo was a 1.6 legend ( top 3 i think ) , who didnt transition as well as others to go , so i doubt he is hacking ( since he is not even as good as he was before ) . 
  taz isnt that insane in go either , just has days that he a complete beast , like in fragbite masters a little while ago . 
  pasha is just pasha , doubt he would cheat and take a chance to ruin his families everything . 
  snax and byali are pretty good , though i dont know much about them , but with `` the golden trio '' , i dont think its likely they would hack . 
  just my opinion . 
  really ? 
  i never heard about this . 
  is there a link or something , would love to know more . 
  oh ok , i thought that there was like actual proof or something of them throwing , which i was surprised by since i dont really believe teams throw . 
  also , why taz ? 
  sorry for the late question , i was just thinking about this . 
  the main reason i want to upgrade is that my 7870 is having trouble maintaining decent fps ( 30 + ) on some games like far cry 3/4 , etc. 
  is it something with the drivers , or that the game is too much for my 7870 to handle ? 
  and my motherboard doesnt support crossfire , so cant do that . 
  i am pretty sure its a donation perk, 
  thats weird , maybe because his is overclocked ? 
  ill look into oc ` ing mine to get more out of it . 
  as for the graphics card , thanks a lot !, 
  ill look into that one, 
  yea , i think this is more of a 50/50 game , i really have no clue who to bet on . 
  no clue as to why the odds are like this, 
  they have soundproof headphones on , plus we already saw that kioshima saw olof and was shooting at him . 
  i assume they paused to talk about how to avoid olof or kill him . 
  admins will give their verdict after the dig-navi match, 
  oh crap , i see it too o_o, 
  so far , only the far cry 3 dlc . 
  im pretty surprised myself . 
  something weird happened with the odds for the gb v bstyle odds too . 
  they were 60-40 or 55-45 , i dont remember then they just shot up to 92-8 right after the match thread was posted . 
  i would argue that x6tenz are the best spanish team . . 
  can someone please explain these `` brass rings '' to me ?
