  why was f0rest putting nicotine in his mouth ? 
  yea, 
  fnatic has * not * been playing good this tournament ... 
  wtf, 
  i agree , i think uzzii has been a pretty weak link in the team with b1ggy , while gmx doing decent . 
  its up omg, 
  and pc crash , ... ... ... ... 
  works fine for me, 
  12-3 half now in favor of liquid, 
  here we go again with the 2 hour wait periods, 
  nope, 
  same here , i made a forum post but no response so far, 
  so we waited hours upon hours for a 16-1 lol, 
  baguette lol, 
  who are the casters ? 
  personally , i think its like a 9-6 map, 
  yea, 
  what ? 
  i dont hear anything ... 
  ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh , i thought it was in the * very * beginning , thanks lol, 
  cph wolves, 
  what drama ? 
  oh , didnt know . 
  thanks, 
  right ? 
  i noticed that too , he was buying sg 's ( and didnt seem to know the recoil pattern ) , aug 's , p90 's , xm10 , etc. 
  weird, 
  so why dont you apply that to real life since your principles are so ultra 1337 ? 
  go steal from a store since the owner has enough money to stock it , right ? 
  and just like he has said a million times over , he cant change his username , and if he could he would . 
  who are you to be saying anything , by the way ? 
  weird to think that half of those kills came from a single game ( piter-titan ), 
  whenever theres a new operation, 
  dont know who chose what , but clg beat c9 on mirage a few days ago , so they are pretty good ( dont know about afn on mirage though ), 
  elevate played less than expected yesterday ( scraping by denial ) whereas liquid played * alright * ( at least on dust 2 ), 
  hmm, 
  its on !, 
  who was the mvp , as voted by the users ( though it usually doesnt mean anything because of fanboyism ), 
  it depends . 
  sometimes hltv puts the full stat-sheet , sometimes they dont . 
  i think they do it more on lan matches , though . 
  im not sure . 
  can you please draw a pilgrim , maybe on the mayflower or exploring new land , or something ? 
  thanks !, 
  removed :( ( (, 
  / shut, 
  * tips fedora *, 
  ive been having the same problem . 
  only thing that * sometimes * fixes it is clearing the mac adress, 
  pushed to 3:00 ? 
  yea , it is safe . 
  i buy keys from them usually , since i dont have to wait to trade . 
  sometimes the prices are lower than market , so thats a plus as well, 
  yes, 
  ohhh , i remember that happening before . 
  thanks a lot !, 
  one that blocks the odds , and has a button to show the odds, 
  good luck to all !, 
  [ ] ( #booth ), 
  a pilgrim on the mayflower or something , or just a pilgrim in general would be awesome !, 
  none, 
  856 witcher 3 !, 
  my best betting story is when i bet on affnity when they were going against clg . 
  i check back in the morning and i accidentally bet on clg ; - ; rip skins never4get, 
  for the summer sale of course, 
  halo 3, 
  no problem , thanks, 
  is the site safe ? 
  alright , thanks a lot !, 
  s1mples ban is over next season ? 
  does n't his ban end in 2016 ? 
  since when ? 
  titan almost always shits the bed at lans, 
  yea , exact same problems for me . 
  didnt try it on other maps though , so i cant say about that . 
  weird that seemingly no one else is talking about this . 
  how ? 
  alright cool , thanks, 
  isolation ? 
  cant say about maze runner , never watched it lol . 
  but there are walls surrounding the overall map, 
  what, 
  [ never forget eswc 2014 ] ( http://www.hltv.org/match/2293349-nip-platinium-eswc-2014 ), 
  from what i heard hes annoying and doesnt focus , which is why warden left from coaching team liquid ( a while ago i assume ), 
  ayyyy, 
  yea its bullshit because when a player quits mid game , he doesnt get penalized but essentially punishes the players on his team , since its more than likely your going to lose at that point . 
  plus lagging out/games where everyone lags out make you derank apparently ? 
  [ this tweet about sums it up ] ( https://twitter.com/lurppis_/status/619559846355038208 ), 
  comment section, 
  sorry , hard to detect sarcasm over the internet, 
  in halo 3 , often times items wont spawn , but will still count as being there . 
  for example , when i try to forge on foundry , the window panels spawn , but are basically invisible ( i can see the little blue light thing in forge , but cant see the actual window panel ) . 
  so i cant spawn any new ones since the limit is reached , but cant delete them either . 
  this happens with other items as well , but i have found that deleting as many items as you can , restarting the round , some more ` invisible ' items will ` appear ' , but for some reason the window panels never ` appear ' . 
  dont know if this is only me as i havent seen anyone else talk about it , and i dont know if this is only on foundry , only halo 3 , etc. 
  aka noob dungeon, 
  since when is cutler igl ? 
  and i think snax is igl now , because he does the map vetoes , and the esl video shows taz saying `` i love the work snax and kuben are doing '' , referring to strats and stuff i think . 
  hey , want to trade 2 copies of cs go for 8 keys ? 
  aaaded,
