  guacamelee is really great, 
  cool , thanks !, 
  branching off your point , the shotguns are inconsistent , period . 
  one time i got 1 shot nova 'd when i was at the far end of cat , near lower tunnels , and the guy was at suicide . 
  other times i cant get a kill when i am right next to the dude . 
  mag-7 seems like the only consistent one . 
  shottys need an overhaul , imo . 
  how do i post a comment ? 
  i went to the site , clicked on the numbers on the right side of the top topic , and then what ? 
  i dont see anywhere where it says `` comment here '' or something . 
  yea , i really hate the maps they put in . 
  most of them are severely sided , no real middle ground . 
  for example , on mist , they are tons of ways for the t 's to go , that the ct 's have to be spread very thin to cover all the areas . 
  the maps are so complex too , for no reason . 
  mist is the perfect example of this . 
  its like a maze getting from a to b. 
  and on castle , as someone else pointed out , its really dark on that map so it is really hard to see ct 's . 
  and this may be just me , but a lot of the maps have a call of duty-esque feel . 
  honestly , i regret paying the $ 6 . 
  all i really like about this operation are the skins and missions . 
  wow , never really thought of the team magma/aqua thing . 
  thats actually really true and makes a lot of sense now that i think about it . 
  thanks !, 
  the guy that pushed him had his knee up , so its very possible that he got kneed in the spine . 
  anything to the spine is really serious . 
  thanks anyway :d, 
  call the funeral house , rip brazil, 
  i am wondering this too . 
  doesnt make sense , and it just causes confusion and splits up the viewers ( sort of ), 
  he made a new thread for the second half , for some reason, 
  bah god *, 
  understandable . 
  similar to what happened with the mass fights breaking out after the poland-russia match ( with a german ref ) during the euro 2012, 
  espn down for anyone else ? 
  thanks for all your responses guys !, 
  looks like im not going to be driving around as much as i hoped , haha, 
  cool !, 
  think i will message the mods soon about it . 
  cool !, 
  think i will message the mods soon about it . 
  it also counts 30 bullets instead of 20 when reloading for me . 
  hey !, 
  you can use bungies site to search files and hopefully the author will have them in their fs . 
  link to random map [ here ] ( https://halo.bungie.net/online/halo3usercontentdetails.aspx?h3fileid=64068055 ) . 
  also , my gt is cool shooter658 . 
  what maps are you looking for ? 
  i have tons , so i can upload the ones you want . 
  if you want ill rotate maps through my fs . 
  edit : to anyone that is going to comment with maps and to op as well : please message me your gt , map and game variant you have . 
  i am trying to make a big database , kind of like a library for people to download maps/games . 
  please have your file share full of custom games !, 
  thanks !!, 
  ill share the spreadsheet when i have a decent amount of submissions . 
  haha thanks !, 
  i have a map similar to what you said with that obstacle course , its called slave run on underground rr . 
  and i had nacht der , but a lot of my maps got deleted for some reason , including that . 
  ill upload the ones you said in the morning , and when your done downloading just message me on reddit , since im on here more and ill rotate the maps . 
  edit : found nacht der !, 
  [ map ] ( http://halo.bungie.net/online/halo3usercontentdetails.aspx?h3fileid=70803444 ) and [ game ] ( http://halo.bungie.net/online/halo3usercontentdetails.aspx?h3fileid=70803421 ) !, 
  yea your right . 
  they dont need their ipads and stuff . 
  but its disgustingly disrespectful . 
  how would you like it if you were an innocent civilian , who never did anything wrong , wrongfully killed by trigger happy terrorists and then have all your belongings stolen and sold , as if nothing had ever happened ? 
  mind if i add you to the spreadsheet ? 
  haha , yea , same here !, 
  i have recently been trying to track down old maps since a lot of mine got deleted for some reason , and along the way i came up with this . 
  thanks !, 
  its not even about `` having '' your physical stuff after death . 
  its the fact that people are just stealing your things , as if the unjust tragedy that happened didnt mean anything . 
  to me , its like someone spitting on your grave . 
  the comparison you are making doesnt really connect . 
  if i were to donate my organs , that is with my consent . 
  i am not being robbed , and i know that it will help someone . 
  with looting , i think , although i have no clue , most people would sell the items for cash , and get something they want , or something . 
  do you not care if people respect you enough while your alive to respect you after you die ? 
  same here, 
  thanks for the support !, 
  its getting upvotes , so people are for it , but for some reason i have yet to get a response ( besides 2 from before ), 
  imo its not being oversensitive . 
  the tragedy happened just a few days ago and its still fresh in everyones minds . 
  its still a fresh wound on everyone involved . 
  it was basically 9/11 , with less casualties . 
  terrorists killed innocent people . 
  imo wwe should have just left it alone . 
  its too soon and too controversial right now , and i would think it would offend those who lost their loved ones . 
  thanks and thanks for filling out the survey !, 
  i was adding your maps in and saw that there were not enough games for maps . 
  which one is drop bubbles for ? 
  and i am guessing you do not have the game variants for the other maps ? 
  thanks !, 
  just added you in !, 
  fill it up dude !, 
  oh , my bad . 
  thanks , ill let you know !, 
  thanks !, 
  i wouldnt like it at all . 
  its just one of those things that shouldnt happen , he should just stay `` faceless '' imo . 
  dont you mean el dorito ? 
  great hhh and bray promos , reigns vs kane + orton , bella beat down and [ nip slip ] ( http://i.imgur.com/coaxm8x.png ), 
  how separated are stephs tits ?
