  a reasonable limit is 100 000 euros/yr max . 
  unless you are planning to live in a mansion that 's more than enough for nanny . 
  exactly, 
  and that is retarded, 
  perhaps he has a lot of responsibility , but no one , no matter how much they work , is worth 200 000 euros/year . 
  no one needs that much money . 
  we do not sow, 
  huh . . til, 
  well , when i sold strawberries they begged , and they were very grateful when i gave them what was left after the day ( things that would just have been thrown away anyway ) . 
  they were definitely not the cold-blooded killers that you are describing . 
  yes filthy inferior subhumans , destroying the societies of the glorious master race , am i right ? 
  we have gypsies here , lots of them . 
  they used to beg for strawberries back in the day when i used to sell . 
  i never despised them , and i still do n't . 
  wow ... the racism in this thread d :, 
  sigh ... 
  propaganda of the 21st century, 
  i do n't know about that ... living in malm\u00f6 for the last 13 years i think i would at some point notice someone publicly insult someone because they are a jew , seeing as it apparently is so common . 
  besides , it was n't an argument , but rather a response to that such phenomena is apparently a common thing on swedish streets . 
  of course and i do not condone any act of violence or insult against any ethnicity . 
  now where were we ... ah yes !, 
  antisemitism does exist in sweden , and it is high in muslim communities , but that apply to all countries , overall few people hold antisemitic ideas in sweden . 
  the fact that only 39 % of muslims does not like jews is pretty impressive , considering their ... turbulent history together . 
  not really , just think that it is an interesting cycle . 
  a 2006 study , there have been more recent studies done . 
  also , the fact that sweden has high rates of antisemitic incidents ( which is not defined in your quote ) only shows that the people who are antisemitic are more militant about it . 
  and jews has always emigrated to israel . 
  the funny thing is though that : israel displace palestinians --  palestinian move to malm\u00f6 --  palestinians does not like jews --  jews move to israel because palestinians does not like jews --  israel displace palestinians . 
  wtf are you talking about ? 
  which schoolsl are not teaching children about the holocaust ? 
  i studied it in school and i 'm from freaking malm\u00f6 . 
  i recognised the fact that antisemitism exists , it exists everywhere , just like islamophobia or homophobia . 
  but statistically speaking it is relatively low in sweden . 
  i do n't know where you get your information , but i have never seen anyone insult or spit on a jew , and i 'm from malm\u00f6 . 
  maybe it is common in neighborhoods with a large muslim population , i do n't know , as i usually do n't spend much there ( malm\u00f6 is indeed quite segregated ) but generally , anti-semitism is not something you see on the streets . 
  that being said anti-zionism is quite common , but that often takes the form of political activism and is aimed directly to the israeli government and its supporters . 
  really ? 
  where are you from ? 
  speak for yourself . 
  i 'm talking about swedes . 
  http://www.thelocal.se/20140514/swedes-ranked-least-anti-semitic-in-europe say what now ? 
  give me a break , sweden is probably one of the least antisemitic countries in europe . 
  does it exist ? 
  sure , but compared to for example poland , italy and france it is nothing , and mostly it is related to the israeli-palestinian conflict . 
  you 're not wrong , you 're just an asshole, 
  i do n't think a nato presence would be that much different as it would most likely be us led , and there is no such thing as an eu army . 
  as i said though , it is up the governments of the countries to decide what they want to do , and if they think an army from the us will make them feel safer then go right ahead , but by doing so the they are just replacing one sphere of influence ( russia ) with another ( usa ) , as is the case when very small nations let very big nations protect them . 
  personally , as a swede ( northern european , but still ) i really do n't like the idea of having us troops in neighboring countries , it just feels like another sort of imperialism . 
  however , if the baltic states want them there , it is their business . 
  well , the swedish left consistently defends jews that are victims of anti-semitism , while simultaneously criticise israel . 
  ca n't speak for the german left though, 
  personally i do n't mind . . but i would n't recommend any country to join the eu as things are looking now, 
  there are bright spots in everything , but the cons of ww1 far outweighed the pros, 
  unfortunately there kinda is a need to specify it . 
  as a lot of people these days tend to blame all or most muslims for islamic terrorism , it is important to also talk about the cases when the terrorists are not muslims . 
  i guess ` needs ' could have different definitions . 
  a doctor , who sacrifices a lot through years of schooling , and long , stressful work hours , should receive ` more ' than say a cashier or a bus driver . 
  you could argue that the doctor have higher ` needs ' in some areas of life , as they have had to sacrifice some of their ` needs ' in other areas . 
  however , that is a very stupid definition of the word need in my opinion , so it is better to just say `` from each according to his abilities , to each according to his needs * and * abilities '' . 
  so , yeah , i see your point . 
  how is that the epitome of social injustice ? 
  lol , personally , i find this cult of personality around political theorists to be disgusting, 
  embrace is a strong word . 
  any self respecting socialist would see the market economy for what it is : a powerful tool that is immensely useful , but a tool that also can easily backfire if you do n't have sufficient regulations . 
  as / u/dickgirl9000 said , the eu is not a left-wing project , it exists to empower the entrepreneurs , businesses and banks , but it does very little for regular citizens . 
  you may think that is good , or you may think that is bad , but it is definitely not socialist . 
  if anything leftists should be against the eu , it is based on the free market after all . 
  eternal struggle, 
  realpolitik . 
  the sad truth of international politics . 
  oh god , so much cringe, 
  just what i thought , not unlike how the internet worships our lord and savior gaben, 
  i just think it sounds ridiculous when is claims responsibility for a stabbing . 
  like really ? 
  that just makes me think they 're really weak and desperate . 
  ( which they are , but still ), 
  wow you stabbed someone , good job , i 'm soo scared, 
  wtf , ca n't some eccentric millionaire buy it ? 
  yeah , but after the split it was known as the czech republic in english , but tjeckien in swedish . 
  at least colloquially . 
  well , in swedish it was always called tjeckien , so no big difference there, 
  pussies, 
  the fuck ? 
  says the `` soldier of erdogan '', 
  let 's agree to disagree then , 
  why are you arguing with me ? 
  i support leaving the building as it is . 
  partially because i do think it looks nice , if i 'm allowed to do so ; but also due to historical reasons . 
  it is actually really pretty , sad that they are tearing it down . 
  is there a practical difference ? 
  ( legitimately curious ), 
  please elaborate on that . 
  * triggered *, 
  thanks obama, 
  username ... does not check out ? 
  wait , so he is boring because he does not like football , drinking , and prefer quiet times ? 
  wtf dude . . 
  ok fine , you 're an edgy romanian, 
  they do n't just want a weak west . 
  putin just want the world to revert back to the 1800s with extreme nationalism , authoritarianism and colonial empires .
