we can agree to disagree on that, 
  yes ... and your point is ? 
  when did i argue against that russia is trying to take ukraine ? 
  he is using the separatists for his own means , but there is simply no evidence that he `` created '' them , you do n't `` create '' a separatist movement . 
  just like there is russian propaganda , there is also western propaganda from the more radical newspapers ... 
  i urge you to try to analyse all sides of a conflict before stating such simplistic claims . 
  putin might be using the separatists to get a big chunk out of ukraine , but he did n't `` create '' the separatists , they have always been there . 
  many of the leaders of the separatists are from ukraine , and the main force is from ukraine ( even though they receive help from russia ) this makes their demands more legitimate , and for this reason more negotiations must ensue . 
  the ceasefire is a good first step , but not enough . 
  they need to seriously start considering federalization . 
  and also , ukraine has a responsiblity not to bomb the people they are trying to `` protect '', 
  and i bet everyone are blaming putin . . yes , he has been using the situation to his advantage , but both sides have a responsibility, 
  swedish only in the eye of the law, 
  true , i 'm fully aware that we are not neutral . 
  but i wish we would be , and joining nato would essentially make that impossible for many , many years to come . 
  well , firstly we can ask the question , why join nato ? 
  russia ( or any other country ) is very unlikely to invade sweden , and if they do they would have to take finland first . 
  if by any chance an eu country , which is not member of nato , would be attacked by an outside force , i 'm willing to bet my bank account that the other eu countries ( and thus nato ) would join to defend that country . 
  now , if we can establish that there is no urgent need to join nato we can bring up the reasons why a membership would be bad . 
  as a neutral country we can choose not to join military campaigns we do not agree with , we can more easily choose how much we should spend on our military , and most importantly , we can take on more of a mediator role in wold conflicts . 
  in the end , joining nato would be both an expensive and uneccessary endevour , something that swedes have said many times , that they want no part of . 
  seriously what is this , fuck you government , majority of people in sweden has already said again and again that we do not want nato , in fact according to a poll in 2014 , only 31 % is in favour . 
  do n't do this , listen to the people . 
  ya think ? 
  pretty dark , but i chuckled, 
  no , nothing wrong with it , but one should keep to the truth . 
  these caricatures are trying to make it seem that putin is personally responsible for deliberately shooting down the plane . 
  while we in fact do n't know if that is the case . 
  even the us has admitted that the plane was probably not shot down on purpose , and we also do n't know if it is the separatists or the russians who shot it . 
  just because the separatists are supplied by the russians does n't mean that putin is responsible for their every action . 
  do n't you read ? 
  i said the exact opposite of that . 
  sure thing , in the conflict i 'm mainly pro-palestinian ( not that i do n't think that that side does wrong things too ) , but i think that the occupation and building of settlements must stop , and israel must give back the land that they have unjustly conquered . 
  hanging up an israeli flag in malm\u00f6 was extremely stupid , and in my opinion very provocative , seeing as alot of palestinians live here , and many of them despise israel with all their heart . 
  but that does not justify beating someone up with iron pipes , i said that he did not deserve it , but that he had it coming . 
  it 's like with the israeli kids , obviously it is horrible that they got kidnapped and killed , and that is not justifiable in any way . 
  but they did live on occupied soil , stolen from someone else , so the family had it coming ( too bad that the kids have to suffer for their parents crime ), 
  i wonder if people downvote me because they love israel or because they do n't think malm\u00f6 is pro-palestinian :p, 
  im not saying he deserved what happened to him , but he had it coming , malm\u00f6 is really pro-palestinian, 
  then why not keep it as it is now ? 
  smaller politicial entities are usually much better at providing for their people than larger ones , we do n't need a federation , not yet . 
  such empty threats , you 're the one trying to take over another country , and you would never be able to defeat nato if it would come to it, 
  oh dear , i really hope that putin will be removed from power before it goes to far ... or well , i guess it already has . . 
  wait what ? 
  how legit is that source about the tass thing ? 
  it feels odd that you would call yourself `` of the soviet union '' when the the ussr does n't exist . 
  do you , as a russian , think that means that we are witnessing a return of the soviet union , even if only by name ? 
  stalinism is essentially a more dogmatic , paranoid form of the other . 
  fair point, 
  how did scattered_disk get upvoted , but you downvoted ? 
  i said relatively, 
  yeah , and even you guys had to fight a civil war back in the day due to differences between the north and south , and those differences are/were still relatively minor if you compare with europe . 
  but i just moved here !, 
  dude , they may not have been good . 
  but they were way better than stalin . 
  it is worth noting that the purges ended with the death of stalin . 
  yes , political opposition was oppressed , but there was no mass genocide after his death . 
  sure , i wo n't argue with that , my point was simply that if today 's nations can learn one thing from the old dictatorships , it would be the principle of motivating your people to do great things . 
  in sweden ( and i 'm assuming most other countries ) the only appreciation people get for their work is the salary , and sometimes even that is too little . 
  some motivation here and there , in the form of speeches or posters , could go a long way i think . 
  of course , the reasons for it would not be to turn you into a resource of the state . 
  it would be so you can improve yourself , as well as improve the community . 
  tbh , i do n't see anything wrong with that . 
  i would appreciate very much if my government tried to motivate me to study , work and constantly improve myself . 
  in fact , i think a lot of countries could benefit from a little more of that . 
  contrary to popular theory , russia is not a super-religious country . 
  both germany and britain have more people who identify as believers . 
  except for the eu of course , and defence agreements with the various nordic countries . 
  except that we do . 
  nato is not the only military alliance in the world . 
  society looked different back then , firstly we did n't have such a high immigration rate, 
  we are a member of the european union and allied with the other nordic countries, 
  you 're right , but we ca n't live our life in fear that war might break out with russia . 
  for now we have to ask ourselves how likely is it that russia will attack sweden within the next five years . 
  as long as we are a member of the european union i think that is very unlikely . 
  the reason we are increasing the budget is not so we will be able to repel a full scale invasion conducted by russian invasion . 
  it does n't matter how much we increase it , we ca n't win such a war by ourselves . 
  the reason we are increasing the budget is 1 ) so that we can improve our presence in the baltic sea , and intercept unauthorized submarines in our waters and military jets in our airspace , and 2 ) survive long enough for our allies to come help us if the worst thing would happen . 
  agreed, 
  no , it is not a disgrace . 
  this `` weak '' military is one of the things that give us a very high standard of living . 
  if we want to increase our military budget we have to take money from other areas , such as education and healthcare . 
  this is why we ca n't increase our military budget too quickly , and this is what the politicians are realizing . 
  i realize that we need to improve our defenses , but not at the expense of some of the other very important civil sectors . 
  i think this increase sounds reasonable . 
  nah , more like two ends of the same horseshoe , which contains all other ideologies, 
  countries fighting against eachother over land was common . 
  everyone had imperialistic ambitions in those days , sweden were just as bad as russia . 
  same thing between britain and france . 
  that 's your feeling . 
  my feeling is that money should not be the thing that drives politicians , and it is not what drives me in my profession . 
  yes , you should be rewarded if you do a good job , but there is a limit . 
  mr. l\u00f6fven might be doing a good job , but you can find thousands who can do an equally good job for half that salary . 
  the problem with having money as the driving force is that you will get the wrong kind of people looking for the job . 
  also , i agree on that public sector employees are underpaid , but now we are talking about the hotshots in the top , with an average wage far far above the average wage in the country . 
  no you 're right . 
  you 're fucking not worth that 200 000 euros/yr . 
  whatever you do you should do to help the country , if i did all of that i would never demand that salary , because i would not need it . 
  in most cases , professionals do not use their own money for travel within the job . 
  it is the country or corporation who pays that .
