  scatic elecattricity, 
  this . 
  i hate it when they have a ridiculous thumbnail ( like using needles or a knife or some shite like this ) and then they shake their finger and do something completely different . 
  like why . 
  god i just started `` see fewer posts like this '' all the videos like that , they annoy me so much . 
  serve cream ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  teatty, 
  i wuldnt * mind * , * blowing * her, 
  well fuck . 
  im sorry , english isnt my first language , and even in my native language im horrible at spelling and grammar, 
  that really is uplifting . 
  thanks . 
  now this is really uplifting . 
  i had a rabbit , and when i released him from his cage , so he can roam around the house , i couldnt catch him with all my might . 
  they are super fast and zig zag everywhere so if you ever try to catch a bunny good luck . 
  plus thyre supper cute and fluffy and soft . 
  i miss him :(, 
  that you should be afraid , very afraid, 
  galah cockatoos are sooo pretty , but theyre such assholes and very loud , but i cant be mad thyre just too cute . 
  i cant write sorry . 
  ment to write season not seasons, 
  wat , she looks so different on the lust for life album cover , i guess fillers fade but still she looks soo different here , not bad , just different . 
  and vagina plays throughout it, 
  hello procrastinators !!, 
  i do , sometimes , thing is i feel as if it cools me off ( weird i know ) . 
  so yes i like ti drink hot tea , but i also drink a ton of cold brew tea . 
  `` humour '', 
  good bot, 
  its still r/blackmagicfuckery to me , and i sew, 
  patty duke was 16 in the miracle worker, 
  magic ? 
  thanks . 
  i meant that as in to some artists this is just a sketch , but hey . 
  good bot, 
  are you retarded ? 
  men je ful mercator za use usec tut tist njihov line ni nekaj slab , sam mam raj `` brand name '' stvari . 
  oh thanks for explaining , i dont follow her religiously so i mustve missed it . 
  you have to put a lowercase r in front of subreddit or else the link does n't work . 
  its fine . 
  i used to make that mistake alot, 
  yes , its seriously one if the saddest subreddits in my opinion . 
  what about gay men and women ? 
  do trans men and women count , what about asexuals , ... 
  there is just soooooo many thing wrong with this . 
  the sneakers are more useful anyway, 
  its been 9 hours matt , we still havent got the name , matt !!, 
  in fact dont call anyone lesser out of respect . 
  its seriously condescending, 
  itt : people sharing stories of how nice canadian are , 
  lol jokes on you im gay . 
  i really like where his channel is going . 
  this was a really good video and it was funny . 
  this is deffo not a haiku , but still good bot, 
  this is just my theory . 
  feel free to share yours, 
  so after watching all of the teasers i realised how every teaser is connected , except one , the first one ( the chainsaw/prairie house ) :, 
  - teasers 2,5 , and 8 all have singing, 
  - teasers 3,7 , and 9 all have a sci-fi feel to them , with 9 having what posibly is an alien abduction, 
  - teasers 4 and 8 are both `` medical '' with the nurse and the doctor, 
  - teasers 5 and 10 have a monster with 6 fingers, 
  - teasers 6 and 7 both have the ahs theme, 
  the one teaser i found that is not connected to the others is the first one , so maybe its the theme , i dont know . 
  sidenote : english is my second language so if anything is wrong im sorry , and i also wrote on my phone . 
  name what songs should the queens perform, 
  what are some of youre guys ' favourite quotes, 
  [ removed ], 
  for me it was , for instance , when dot was willing to die so bette could have a normal life , or when misty died , and so on . 
  what are some of your guys ', 
  so i was rewatching freakshow , and one moment cought me off guard , in orphans when elsa bought ma petite with dr. pepper , it was completely out of the ordinary . 
  are there any more product placements on the show ? 
  what are some of your guys ' favorite teas . 
  my favourite teas are lavender , rooibos , and earl grey, 
  so i have a few questions abou cold brew tea, 
  - can i cold brew all types of tea ( if not which ones ), 
  - does cold brewing tea change its caffeinatedness ( i want that to be a word ), 
  - is it healthier to cold brew . 
  i just wanted to ask these because i really like cold brew tea . 
  edit : grammar and typos, 
  what are some of the most believable creepypastas, 
  like seriously , murphy said one teaser was the legit one and i think he ment that . 
  the conecting teasers will probably not be the theme . 
  just find the odd one out and thats waht it will probably be, 
  edit : grammar and spelling, 
  [ removed ], 
  i think theres just two timelines the seasons 1,3 and 5 timeline and the 2,4 and possibly 6 . 
  so i hope 6 connects more to the latter and brings back a few characters, 
  so where i live cinnamon is quite expensive , so could i resteep cinnamon sticks to make more tea, 
  it was debunked, 
  so ive noticed a big overlap between the ahs fanbase and the rpdr fanbase , so who here is a fan of both shows, 
  what are some of youre guys ' least favourite teas . 
  since season 6 is a day away ( that rhymed ) i thought id ask what are youre favourite and least favourite seasons . 
  for me its, 
  freak show . 
  i love it , the vintage setting , the cinematography , the bright colors , the soundtrack , and elsas cover of life on mars . 
  i love elsa mars and the twins and all of the freaks , dandy and twisty were a great villains . 
  i just love love love it . 
  2 . asylum/hotel . 
  i couldnt decide which i liked better , i loved both of them . 
  asylum was more horror oriented while hotel was more the look and feel of the season . 
  i liked the flashbacks in hotel and the flashforwards in asylum .
