  why do you keep writing zlovenians instead of slovenian, 
  ok . but the fact that you think that slovenia was part of croatia is intriguing . 
  suuuure . 
  thanks this was really useful :d . i was never that in to oils , im more into water based creams and such . 
  i will try it , worst that can happen is i break out , the best thing that i find my new favorite skincare product . 
  [ ... ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8duhbvowirg ), 
  it looks like something lucille ball would 've worn . 
  good job, 
  choices, 
  fine, 
  b i c t h, 
  what about katya, 
  all circles are flat . 
  rectangle girls of the world, 
  im sure you also gagged later that night behind the club . 
  i just cackled thinking about that, 
  it was his first really big video , it basically started him on youtube , and since it just went into beta he probaly felt he needed to play it again . 
  trinity reminds me of a friend i had ... 
  omg how are you even alive . 
  i hope youre ok . 
  it looks like a mille crepe . 
  was it good . 
  it looks beautiful . 
  how tf is scientology growing . 
  * snap snap snap *, 
  b i c t h, 
  panties bitch !, 
  because willam, 
  as a graphic designer i think it 's pretty cool , it needs a few changes but overall i like it . 
  trolls dont even try anymore , these days, 
  to clarify im actually going to a graphic design college , and all opinions are my own . 
  it looks like you stretched the font on title ( big nono ) , you should reformat that . 
  the bold letters work ( they are easy to read ) . 
  i think you should make the background letters a bit lighter . 
  the trixie illustration is good ( i personally love flat design ( kinda like her t-shirts ) but if you like it dont change it ) i think you need to redesign the hair a bit . 
  you also need to make her stand out a bit , the top is fine but the bottom ( ~ ~ were all bottoms ~ ~ ) is kinda fading into the background , maybe giving her an outline , that could possibly work . 
  take all of this with a grain of salt tho . 
  these are all my personal opinions . 
  but this a really really good start . 
  edit : im `` educated '' and i cant spell college, 
  yea my grandmother also made strudel shes from upper carniola , slovenia , near italy . 
  i agree . 
  but it was written about her best friend who has stage 4 cancer . 
  i think she intended it to sound hopeful and happy . 
  what episode was that ? 
  i have a vague memory of that scene . 
  they also dont appear in freakshow ( my favorite but everyone else disliked it ), 
  onety one, 
  are you bisexual ? 
  how old are you ? 
  i literally just died , how cute is that . 
  awww, 
  awwww, 
  is it weird that i read that as poop grab ... 
  drinks chat, 
  delete it fat, 
  i wish she did the ruveal . 
  you forgot / s. 
  jesus christ i hope you forgot the / s, 
  i read authenticity as charlie 's lana del rey, 
  i was going to write `` how can you type '' than i realized that braille exists . 
  im going to bed, 
  well not exactly that short ( almost 10 years ) but i see what you mean, 
  you 'll never be glamour . 
  yea same . 
  i could possibly do big edie , but not much more, 
  so you would embrace the materials, 
  well at least kim could beat you in a lipsync, 
  is it bad that i forgot who ginger did for snatch game, 
  colloqualisms , i think i went to high school with her, 
  i said `` squish '' outloud and giggled for like 5 minutes, 
  but theres only 13 episodes, 
  im sorry for being a dunce , but what happened . 
  honestly if you know about rupaul and rpdr , how can anyone see that and think oh its obviously about trans people . 
  some people are just wow . 
  anyway thanks for letting me know, 
  no , i mean susan, 
  it was 25 minutes so it wasnt short , but it did feel short . 
   the rigging, 
  b i c t h, 
  * cough cough * eureka * cough cough *, 
  i really hope she doesnt max it up, 
  eureka was * shooketh *, 
  guys its obviously a joke , it 's not a personal attack on lana , i love her , and i think this is funny, 
  yes , of course , i do n't like to wear denim . 
  i was thinking a quilt , but i do n't know , i do n't think the hard denim would work for a quilt . 
  i 'm a guy so a corset probably would n't work ( on second thought i really need one so i look thinner ) . 
  i think something nonwearable would be nice . 
  i really think that bancroft deserved that award, 
  ^ ^ shade, 
  true, 
  im a high schooler . 
  charlies dress was amazing tho, 
  i mean how are you going to drop out of a ceiling on a lsfyl tho . 
  i hope one day a bitch does that, 
  a guy here : honestly i do n't care how big it is , as long as you know how to use it . 
  a lot of guys with a huge penis think just because it 's huge they 've done all of the work already . 
  so yeah you should n't be worried about your size, 
  nope , in the clip , ru has a leopard print and in the facebook video , she has a yellow suit . 
  if she 's serious , in that she broke her rib , she has the right to whine .
