  too soon, 
  i mean i dont hate the new makeup , its not as good as before , but i really like it, 
  i think it was because of the conversation that happened before in the werkroom . 
  i mean how can you talk about burying your best friends and still be fine , i think she was in her head , which was unfortunate . 
  and people are acting as if she 's the first queen to give up , tammie also gave up , as well as adore . 
  i think charlie was in his head about the whole thing , and it makes me so sad to see him go . 
  and after the talk in the werkroom . 
  watching your best friends die , and then reliving it must take a toll on you . 
  i love charlie so much . 
  but she did know the words . 
  this . 
  she knew she was going home to trinity , except if she did a 360 jump splits into a handstand . 
  she even said in an interview , that she wanted to do so terribly there would be memes about it . 
  i relate . 
  she even said in an interview she was gon na make it so horrible there would be memes about it . 
  fair enough . 
  the episode aired like 5 days ago, 
  but is it demure, 
  thanks for the reply it was very helpful . 
  it 's an fx wax , i do n't know the brand tho . 
  that number seems more like her age . 
  i really like it when we mix modern and old architecture . 
  once i see a hippo i cant unsee it, 
  apparently the producers mede her say some of the excuses . 
  dont quote me on this , i dont know , i just vaguely remember seeing that somewhere, 
  yea i thought about it but i thought it would 've been to many options so i didnt , well if i make another similar ill change it . 
  * jenna marbles voice * you know i did not ask for this, 
  exactly , alot of people are acting as if she murdered someone, 
  you live and you learn . 
  i 've learned from my mistakes and sorry . 
  thanks , very helpful :d, 
  delete it fat, 
  delete it fat, 
  artpop is good, 
  wait do people not like it . 
  i loved it the first time i saw it, 
  at least we know who the producers are going to make the villain now, 
  i mean she was probably stressed out and her emotions just came out . 
  i think ( i hope at least ) she 'll acknowledge it in the next episode . 
  i agree with most of what you said , except 8 and half of 7 ( i love edge of glory ), 
  exactly , we 're all human and we all make mistakes . 
  and artpop act ii should 've been released a year or two ago, 
  b i c t h, 
  she actually gave good criticism to everyone . 
  seriously the best . 
  she was against trinity , she would 've gone home anyway . 
  she did say that she did so bad so there would be memes about it ( which there were ), 
  yes that too, 
  i cried like 7 times , god , such an amazing show . 
  psychology fish, 
  i mean trinity is still a filler queen, 
  not really, 
  because * waves hand around face * surgery, 
  the critique for valentina was totally valid , imho . 
  i love the brows, 
  i did n't connect to any of them , sure the theme is really sad , but i did n't shed a single tear ( and i bawled my eyes out at the end of feud , weirdly enough i connect more to older people than teenagers ) . 
  the show is really good but , i think its also full of cliches . 
  yea me neither . 
  i go to high school here in europe , and its nothing like the one depicted on the show , maybe thats why i didnt connect at all . 
  and the parents , wtf , if my kid came home beaten up , and did t reply to my calls and messages , i wouldnt let him out of the house , the parents were sooo weird . 
  so this . 
  i rarely go out ( im quite introverted ) but when i do my parents give me a lecture on everything , give the police number , their number , the neighbours number , im overreacting , but they are so protective ( and that 's good ) . 
  alot of this show was so weird and full of of clich\u00e9s . 
  not out yet, 
  i vaguely remember reading somewhere that jessica watched a ton of dietrich films to get her accent . 
  who colorized this , its good . 
  the first song i heard of hers was summertime sadness , i think i was 12 or 13 . 
  no its not look at her right arm ( her right ) where shes holding the car door there is still grey in that area . 
  she would 've pulled a chainsaw from under her dress . 
  whenever i see something i do n't like i automatically say choices , and whenever someone says * dry * i always say kinda like your vajoina under my breath . 
  `` hopefully not artpop '' this is homophobic, 
  its alright . 
  we all make mistakes, 
  and i was really trying not to mess up . 
  english is not my first language . 
  do n't, 
  that edit saved this, 
  hello , burger king are you hiring today , great , i will be there in a momentarily to fill out an application . 
  right on the , fucking money dude, 
  i dont care if you tag , just do it somwhere inconspicuous , like an abandoned building , not fucking monuments and statues . 
  but people like banksy do make gorgeous art and that can be apriciated . 
  hey , im an artsy douche bag , but i would never tav anything . 
  by yourself ? 
  those are beans, 
  those are beans, 
  what does you being jewish have anything to do with this, 
  or they wouldve eddited her to look bad and offensive . 
  i was surprised , when someone says that they 'll slay the runway , it 's usually meh , but when aja said it she meant it , it was fucking gorgeous . 
  shes to pure for this world, 
  hows my head, 
  or they didnt show the others . 
  this is homophobic, 
  because she brings may flowers, 
  and yes graphic design is my passion, 
  i know . 
  this post is just a joke, 
  i know . 
  i was not complaining, 
  i really like birbs . 
  so seeing this made me really sad,
