  but many of my friends absolutely love the stuff , i guess its just not for me . 
  maybe ill try another one soon . 
  but for now ill stick to my typical earl grey , and rose tea, 
  omfg they used fucking comic sans, 
  i never buy anything that says `` extremely rare '' on the package . 
  so it wasnt . 
  but my frinds bought one too . 
  so did i. i tried my own , i didnt like it , ( thinking theres something wrong with mine ) o tried my friend 's but i didnt even like theres . 
  its just that i dont like anything fermented ( except wine ) . 
   they 're, 
  are you implying you 're a top, 
  ru ^ cu ^ cu ^ cu ^ cu ^ cu ^ oh ^ at ^ all, 
  were all dick pigs, 
  she obviously wasnt trying hard . 
  i think if she did sofia she wouldve done better ( but probably still in the bottom ), 
  there are plenty of women that are tall and masculine but you wouldnt doubt theyre women, 
  i mean her and alaska are best friends and she couldnt even do her * well *, 
  fair enough . 
  and i dont know , i thought they were friends, 
  willam . 
  i remember seeing willam on a shane dawson video , and i was obsessed . 
  matt said that it wasnt forced , and that dan did it on his own . 
  i saw a news title with the word sickening in it , i was like `` yaaaas '' and then i read the article , then i was like `` oh , oh , thats fucked up '', 
  i mean she will also stir the pot in a culinary sense . 
  thanks , this was really helpful . 
  thanks . 
  good to know . 
  when i asked if its strong , i meant it as , if i steep the recommended amount of tea for the recommended amount of time , is it strong, 
  the recommendation on the package of tea , at least at the tea shop i go to they put the amount of teaspoons , water temp and steep time . 
  love your hair , hope you win, 
  do you people know how humiliating it is to be the same nationality as her . 
  dont go to jesenice , otherwise ljubljana is very lgbt friendly , i like going there with my boyfriend . 
  thanks , this was very helpful, 
  wtf, 
  apparently miles had nudes , but we all know how that turned out . 
  although shawn has some very translucent underwear . 
  i wonder how many people * actually * know this song . 
  gurl you aint even omega, 
  but was it your birthday ? 
  that, 
  the judge on seasons 1 & 2 who was replaced by michelle . 
  many thing led to him deleting his reddit . 
  iirc one of the things is that they `` leaked '' a sextape between his lookalike and billy santoro that people claimed it was him . 
  i dont quite know all of the t but i think it was one of the reasons . 
  mother , these shows are overlapping again, 
  bcuz, 
  oooo gurl go to his twitter . 
  be prepared tho . 
  hahahah , thats funny , tell another one . 
  `` just for clarification '' would work alot better, 
  i love bob , but she never looked like a woman , but thats her shtick . 
  / opinion, 
  b i c t h, 
  did she say that , and if so when and where ? 
  one question . 
  how exactly do you ban snow ? 
  pentel aquash brushes . 
  i always wanted them , and they are pretty nice and handy, 
  i dont know . 
  oh and sorry i thought there was a bit of snow in novo mesto, 
  last year there was snow for christmas an new year, 
  whos season 1 , never heard of her before , was she even on the show, 
  thats never going to happen ( i wish it did tho ), 
  i dont know if this is an unpopular opinion , but ( i love alaska ) i dont like her lipsyncs ( on the show ) at all alyssa was the best , katya , phi phi , and tati were also very good . 
  i dont know , i just wasnt into her lipsync style ( oh ) at all . 
  i still love alaska tho, 
  because what you feel , is n't always your oats, 
  its a joke . 
  dont take these maps seriously, 
  but im shaped like a bumblebee, 
  but was it glamour, 
  im sorry my dear but you are up for elimination, 
  i will make on for the vatican, 
  i read that 3 times until i realized `` leaves '' as in plural of leave not leaf . 
  when i try to paint fish , they look like they 've died , and you draw them like well amazing . 
  keep up the good work, 
  it was the `` why do i brethe the same air as you '' face or the classic `` i think it 's retarded '' face . 
  im gon na need some receipts gurl . 
  r/wtf is this video, 
   lol at the poster - non stop hookups - more like non stop std 's . 
   you straight up roasted the fag community nice one, 
  can people really not think of anything better than that, 
  `` party '' is not centred , that bothers me . 
  ( i still think this is everything ), 
  fine, 
  this is so sad , and its * just * a box, 
  gurl , miss ornacia is so fierce she do n't need nobody . 
  7 to everything, 
  now i know i have a heart , because its breaking . 
  was she even on the show , was she on drag u ( that show changed lives ), 
  that was also my name in prison . 
  i thought that ru in drag and ru out of drag were 2 different people ( i didnt know anything about drag ) . 
  i found the show trough willam . 
  now i know i have a heart , because its breaking . 
  this was sad and uplifting at the same ( parts ) time . 
  * gives internet hug *, 
  the english will read that comment and write `` that guy just went full retard '', 
  you said that slovenia was once part of croatia . 
  did you even attend history class . 
  ot was never a part of croatia , if anything it was italian , before that it was austrian , before that venetian , before that it was part if the holy roman empire , ...
