  so its for the best, 
  if you look at the lines of the pyramid the photo is not lined up , you have to move to the left a bit, 
  great, 
  * alaska voice * anus-thing is possible, 
  its obviously a troll sub . 
  * bette davis voice * joan crawford is dead , good, 
  i wish they were friends so we would get more movies like whtbj , but oh well , its history now, 
  its gorgeous , but that one profiterole is bothering me so much . 
  but it still looks amazing . 
  how long did it take you, 
  wtf they look brand new . 
  great job, 
  there isnt an option for gpu on my version, 
  thanks for the help anyway . 
  i already got semi used to the ctrl and scroll wheel combo, 
  joanne hasnt floped tho, 
  we 're all bottoms, 
  jump, 
  artpop also wasnt a flop . 
  both joanne and artpop have been chart toppers . 
  dont compare them to btw and you 'll see they 're not as a flop as people say ~ ~ tgey ~ ~ they are . 
  edit : i cant spell, 
  the fact that ~ ~ aja ~ ~ jiggly made a place into an adjective ( whats an adjective ) is very st. tropez, 
  edit : god , i forgot that jiggly started that . 
  hows my head, 
  but joanne was a chart topper tho, 
  solipsistic . 
  youre a brainy queen, 
  i didnt like sashas cowboy look , it just looked soo simple for me . 
  it was really similar to the rainbow look just in a different fabric . 
  at first i wasnt feeling her rainbow look , but after she took her headpiece off i was living . 
  honestly as much as the beginning infuriated me , the end was really uplifting, 
  for me its [ this ] ( https://youtu.be/hvoy1m14rbq ), 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ whatthefuck, 
  feels good to have friends ; - ;, 
  it builds character, 
  i like it like that, 
  reading the comments , im grateful i only have -2, 
  she needs a better crinoline, 
  i mean he isnt a small man physically, 
  how old are you if your dad is 83 and your son is only 1 . 
  i dont mean to sound insensitive . 
  that would be soooo amazing . 
  i think im infected with `` the gay '' . 
  please help, 
  im gon na say something controversial ... 
  i actually like the crust more than the topping on pizza . 
  dont get me wrong i love toppings but i love at the end where the crust are just ahh soo good . 
  wait they 're bad for you ? 
  i didnt know that . 
  i saw a pack at my drugstore and i just bought them . 
  well then . 
  il stop now . 
  and true that theyre super satisfying, 
  actually the bottom is not tapered . 
  cups like this have cylindrical bottom and then it taperes from that, 
  maybe . 
  but if i said i dont like helvetica at my graphic design school i think i would be crucified . 
  its still a sacred font for the majority of graphic designers . 
  well true . 
  i was just saying how i personally dont like the design and overuse . 
  i still think it deserves the title as one of the most influential fonts, 
  where i live we dont have starbucks , and that is sooo homophobic, 
  and even that , eureka went home on the next episode ( which is like 2 days ) . 
  an injury like a they had is probably horrid to work long days with, 
  well she can smile and wear a diper, 
  buy a fucking vowel , some punctuation , and some silence . 
  you talk too much . 
  * henny voice * thats alot of fucking money, 
  great, 
  i know . 
  and im quoting willam . 
  the way they attacked charlie . 
  if that was me , i would be so furious , i wouldve said something completely stupid and acted even more of a fool . 
  i like to think i wouldve been like `` wheres my purse , this is too much , im going home '' , but in reality i definitely would n't . 
  no , she said it very early on ( in an interview or something , i think ) that she told michelle . 
  they asked her if she was corseted and she said no , but shes duct taped because of the rib . 
  later she received pain killers . 
  valentina punched michelle , and charlie died . 
  i could not believe it, 
  thats around 155 cm for non americans . 
  shes tiny, 
  great, 
  she initially didnt say anything , but when asked she told about the injury, 
  at kimora, 
  haha . 
  its fine, 
  needs more jpeg, 
  needs more jpeg, 
  im gon na cry , hes so adorable, 
  thanks , it worked . 
  i had a jpg image and used the create image mosaic so it looked pixelated , and then followed your instructions and it worked , so thanks a million . 
  and the 30s, 
  fourth reply, 
  needs more jpeg, 
  thanks for the cc ( god , whenever i write thanks on cc it sounds sarcastic , im not sarcastic . ) . 
  the `` fashion !, 
  looking good and feeling fine '' is a lyric from lady gagas song `` fashion ! '', 
  so thats why i kept the exclamation point . 
  and i tried to put the italic text on the right but it just didnt look right , so i just kept it above .
