  im gay so i love gaga unconditionally , even though i dont like vampires i loved them on the season . 
  i loved the lana banana and sister jude story and how they hated each other in the beginning to how lana regretted not trying hard enough to save jude . 
  the angel of death was such a good edition to the overall theme of the season . 
  i just loved these two seasons . 
  3 . coven . 
  coven was the first season i started on so it will forever have a place in my heart . 
  that being said , its not the best season , in my opinion . 
  i did n't like a few charecters , although the cinematography and story ( at least most of it ) were good . 
  and that shot of jessica lange and papa legba was everything . 
  the only reason i didnt put it higher is that i love hotel and asylum more . 
  4 . murder house . 
  i did n't like it , sorry to all of the stans of murder house , but i just didnt . 
  i did n't like the angsty 90s fan fic that was violets and tates relationship . 
  i did like a few charecters , but i just didnt like the season at all . 
  freak show - loved it, 
  asylum/hotel - loved them, 
  coven - didnt hate it, 
  murder house - hated it, 
  english is not my first language so sorry for any mistakes . 
  i was rewatching season 2 and noticed how bitchy raven was , i mean tyra was a bitch but at last she didnt come for every living thing in the room and talk about everyone behind their back . . of course raven has changed but i now know why raven didnt win ( and tyra was selling her lip sync ), 
  edit : raven didnt didnt win because she was a bitch , raven didnt win becouse tyra was better, 
  english is not my first language and so on and so forth , spelling/grammar issues, 
  i have a few really good herbal teas , so i wanted to ask can i cold brew them to make iced tea, 
  katy and lasky had the same thigh high boots for the `` read u wrote u '' lip sync, 
  so i have this red/magenta sweater and i really want to dye it a deep blue , how should i do it so that it does n't turn out purple, 
  [ removed ], 
  ntl states that every object has an equal and opposite reaction . 
  so if i , for instance , pick up a book , that book is exerting a force on my hand , and my hand is exerting the same force on the book , but why is it moving . 
  why can i pick it up if the sum is zero , why can i move anything . 
  thanks for answering, 
  [ removed ], 
  so ive started really drinking tea ( every day ) like a year or two ago , ive been only buying tea bags and never loose leaf . 
  and recently ive made a switch to loose leaf , after buying one bag of the stuff , i was instantly addicted , i will never buy tea bags . 
  loose leaf is just soooo much better . 
  have you guys ever switched from tea bags to loose leaf, 
  [ removed ], 
  so in my local tea shop they just got a new shipment of white tea . 
  ive never tried white tea . 
  so my questions are : is it bitter , is it strong . 
  im going to buy it anyway just wanted to ask this . 
  edit : im an idiot , so instead of rating white tea , how about naming some of your favourites . 
  so i just got a watercolor set . 
  so i 've wanted to buy pans but i opted for tubes instead ( they 're cheaper ) . 
  i have a few questions , 1 ) can i dry them on a palette and then use them like that . 
  2 ) what are some pros/cons of tubes to pans . 
  thanks in advance . 
  im new to watercolor , and i want to buy a cheap ( but still ok ) watercolor palette . 
  i already have tubes of paint so i just need a palette . 
  do you have any recommendations ( preferably a travel palette , but any would be ok . ) . 
  thanks a million, 
  especially here in upper craniola . 
  i know there was a bit of snow in ljubljana and novo mesto , but thats it . 
  i really hoped it would have been a white christmas and new year , i guess next year ( i hope ), 
  thoughts and opinions ? 
  so i have this mug that i got for christmas , i really like the shape , but the design is hideous . 
  so i was wondering if i can sand off the design and then re-paint and re-glaze the mug . 
  thanks in advance, 
  are there any sushi restaurants in ljubljana ( i know theres one in rudnik ) . 
  and if so , which ones are good , and affordable . 
  some people say its the best thing ever , and some say its horrible . 
  i have combination skin and im prone to breakouts , so i was wondering if its actually good for the skin . 
  thanks in advance . 
  [ removed ], 
  has anyone gone to aluo ljubljana , and how is it . 
  im thinking of getting an education ( as a graphic designer ) , and was wondering if the school was worth it . 
  thanks in advance . 
  what song do you think is the saddest . 
  i personally think its till it happens to you , but angel down and dope are also very sad . 
  even forever alone people should comment . 
  monsters , dont downwote people just because you dont agree with them . 
  so i 'm going to france ( loire valley , paris ) for a week , i was wondering if there is anything i should look out for , anything i should be aware of . 
  i do n't speak french so replies in english would be appreciated, 
  thanks in advance . 
  [ removed ], 
  what are some of your unpopular opinions about gaga or her music ? 
  do n't attack or downvote people who disagree with your opinion . 
  [ removed ], 
  [ removed ], 
  im new to illustrator cs6 , im used to an older version from school . 
  so how do i enable the drag zoom on ai cs6, 
  i relate to her on a personal level . 
  i always talk too much , im always annoying , i overreact , i say the wrong things to the wrong people , i wouldnt lead anything tho , nor do i like attention that much . 
  its a very well designed font , and its pretty . 
  but i just dont like it , i dont understand the hype behind it . 
  i love minimalism and sans serif fonts , for instance one of my favourite fonts is futura , its simple . 
  but helvetica just does n't do it for me . 
  its overdone . 
  i dont think it stands out . 
  if you had a group of text in different fonts , it wouldnt pop , and in graphic design its important for things to stand out , that being said its really legible , and easy to read in alot of text , but for anything else it just does n't work for me . 
  so im trying to create a shirt , a pixelated . jpg , but there are too many colors , i just want black grey and white , but when i create it with the image trace tool with limited colors it doesnt look right , i want it to look pixelated , but still with 3 colors . 
  is there a way i can do this automatically , i really dont want to manually change every pixel . 
  thanks in advance . 
  i couldnt go ; - ;, 
  i love the song and cry everytime i sing along . 
  it just hits me in the feelings . 
  but so many people dislike it , why ? 
  * ** total budget and country of purchase : **, 
  around 1000 $ up to 1200 $, 
  * ** do you prefer a 2 in 1 form factor , good battery life or best specifications for the money ? 
  pick or include any that apply .
