  honestly i dont like the `` good '' makeup . 
  i dont know im not into it . 
  its too dark, 
  anyone have links to all of the queens ' um members , i need it for um science . 
  call shangela, 
  did you have your lips done , if so they look great, 
  the lining of my small intestine, 
  wait jujubee was the finalist on s8, 
  i know where shes from and where laos is, 
  i dont know if this is sad or just amazing . 
  edit : its amazing, 
  its an obscure reference to a post kim chi was in . 
  a woman posted a photo of kim naomi and bob ( she didnt watch drag race ) and kim called herself juju . 
  i see where youre coming from . 
  i dont know why everyone hates freak show :p, 
  all right serena, 
  all right serena, 
  i did n't like it at all and i mean at all . 
  i just dont like alot of shows set in the present , i do like some but not all , and as isaid the tate violet romance was just cringey, 
  the ending is incredible, 
  the other bitch needs some aloe vera after that read, 
  that ... was a choice, 
  chad about to die but you did n't include him on the list, 
  gurl you hated most of the show . 
  but hey its youre opinion and i will respect it, 
  place your bets on me if you liketo gamble, 
  but that was probably a typo, 
  that , was a choice, 
  yea shes the one , true , and only winner of rupauls drag race, 
  what was wrong with the ending , i loved the ending , in fact i cried watching it . 
  have you seen avantgarde fashion, 
  colorful is an understatement, 
  with great power comes great responsibility , which queen have you chosen to get the chop, 
  no no no no . 
  i have arachnophobia so no . 
  i pray to the all mighty god rupaul that it does n't happen, 
  welcome to the stage , toxic masculinity, 
  * willams voice * bar queen !!, 
  yea thats true . 
  but still raven was a bitch and we all agree with it ( 9 seasons later ), 
  you are one bitter betty, 
  its getting cold in all this shade, 
  it makes no sense but it sure is entertaining, 
  humans . 
  if we didnt have weapons , we would literally die of anything, 
  8 episodes, 
  rumannequin by coco ( no affiliation with rupaul in any way , shape or form ), 
  djoodi . 
  this, 
  so fucking true . 
  like i got angry watching that, 
  chaz . 
  you know ahh , sharon , i love how you rock the party city . 
  * blink * * blink *, 
  when someone dies , the first thing alot of people think of is : `` is it my fault '' , `` could ive helped '' and that is a horrible mindset , and he was really distraught at that thought . 
  no complaints, 
  bullshit , bullshit is the word you are looking for, 
  up until episode one i believed it, 
  and im the prettiest, 
  im so used to katya with half her eyebrows shaved , so now that they 're full its so different , i really like it . 
  the grey area that is the rpdr/ahs fanbase never ceases to amaze me, 
  its not sad , ... its depressing, 
  at least shes 4th runnerup and 5th alternate . 
  i love her , roxxxy or alaska should have gone home not her . 
  fuck , this tea is scolding hot, 
  oh and alaska came out in splotchy body paint, 
  * whisper * the same memes , ... 
  thank yew, 
  wow weird . 
  i dont like punky , rocky sort of songs , but i really like this one, 
  did kim chi have 20 times the likes and retweets that the others had together . 
  just sayin , still wished kim had won but hey life is life, 
  what does that have to do eith anything, 
  im asuming you didnt go to school for math, 
  i think all together bob was in favor . 
  twitter was all for kim . 
  but kim did n't have 20 times the amount of likes as the others combined, 
  australia made guns illegal and theyre doing just fine . 
  it should n't have left the wardrobe, 
  im fine with that as long as theres a long ass reunion, 
  kim . 
  we both like food , drag and being lazy , and were botg shy/introverted sometimes, 
  i didnt say it was a race issue . 
  and making things illegal most of the time correlate to reduction, 
  shoot, 
  if she wore a belt , the same color as her lipstick , that dress would be in my top three best looks on drag race, 
  anything and everything that kim chi does, 
  if she wanted to win the challenge so badly she should n't have just glued sequins to a corset , and sent her mom out in flip-flops and a t-shirt . 
  and then bribe the other girls for her to stay . 
  double crownings must hurt gurl . 
  im sorry i misunderstood the black and white thing . 
  i realized that i said make it illegal , what im trying to say is that we should make it harder for people to get guns . 
  im * now * trying to say that we should have multiple background checks , you have to be evaluated , have to get papers signed to get a gun , so it would be harder to get a gun . 
  * whispers * anusing is not a word, 
  * whispers * anusing is not a word, 
  try the * real * 100 % biological human woman , katy, 
  well hes good at makeup , and he has ridiculous eyebrows . 
  he did something different , and god forbid anyone do anything differently . 
  i personally applaud him for being good at makeup and landing gigs at covergirl, 
  plus detoxs ' is `` the color of your notebook the day before the test '' realness,
