  im an idiot sorry , but where is this from . 
  oh thanks for clearing that up . 
  same, 
  im sorry for you loss . 
  i read her name as koala . 
  i must be sufficiently pet, 
  awww . 
  do you have any pictures . 
  i like rodents , mice and rats ar cute . 
  i had a pet bunny . 
  he was so soft and sweet , he had white and brown fur with really floppy ears ( unfortunately i dont have any pictures , accidentally left them on my old phone ) , but i had to give him away , i was really sad . 
  im sorry , but what . 
  whats a clat, 
  ajas eyebrows look so forlorn, 
  this thread is a mess, 
  miss mandarin, 
  like if someone deeply religious says something about hating gays , you kinda expect it , but if a teacher says it its kinda worse , at least for me , because the teacher is supposed to educate kids . 
  exactly . 
  i live in slovenia and even in the most liberal cities ( ljubljana ) you still get fuckwits who think its sooo funny to attack someone for being gay , disabled , different race , ... 
  sometimes the world sucks , but its getting better . 
  ohhh thats why the soil around my bean plants smell, 
  i was soo happy when we held the referendum . 
  and yes slovenia ( if you look at the rest of eastern and southeastern europe ) is really far ahead . 
  i hope to one day move to london or paris . 
  like i said i think the world is slowly becoming a better place for everyone . 
  willam was comparing his broken wrist to charlies broken rib in a ig post . 
  and how she asked for help but some bitch just gave her pain meds . 
  yea i also really wana live in germany ( plus german is taught in our schools ) . 
  weirdly enugh when i speak english i have a minimal slavic accent . 
  its sad , but this, 
  wait what, 
  well she did say she wanted to make it so bat that there would be memes about it ( which there were ) . 
  i still love charlie no less, 
  real is what you feel, 
  tbh when i first watched the show ( season 4 , 2 years ago ) i didnt know werkroom ru and runway ru are the same persom, 
  i just realised what sharon needles means , my whole life has been a lie, 
  sure jan, 
  why do you have to bring it straight to negativity, 
  this one . 
  this one has a point, 
  its the people who expect it to be 100 % like real meat , and then they are disappointed . 
  but if you expect it to be just vegetables , then youll be pleasently surprised . 
  are you serious ? 
  if so thats no reason to hate vegans, 
  carrots , they caramelize on the outside and become nice and tender on the inside , so delicious . 
  also whole eggplant , you can then remove the burnt skin and enjoy the delicious innerds . 
  also if you are just grilling bell peppers and zucchini are really good . 
  its * nearly * impossible to make fake meat taste and feel like a real ~ ~ steak ~ ~ burger, 
  oh sorry i meant burgers not steak , il edit, 
  i think they will literally go for blood , they might actually kill [ nina ] ( / spoiler ), 
  i hate the fanbase so much . 
  you 're not a fan if you send threats to any queen . 
  it 's not even the queen that sends anyone home , its ru . 
  i seriously do n't understand the taught process behind these people . 
  were all bottoms, 
  graphic design 101, 
  and shes a vegetarian, 
  god , if someone made fun of valentinas eating disorder would the sub say shes over sensitive , no . 
  alexis just said to her friends that she didnt like it , like normal people would . 
  she didnt say noone can make fat jokes ever again , or that they 're off limits , she just said she didnt like them . 
  just becouse youre a drag queen doesnt mean you dont have feelings . 
  sure jan, 
  this , this , and some more of this . 
  true, 
  my parents have a great dane , he 's 6 and he 's already really weak, 
   4 % upvoted, 
  establishing my brand \u2122, 
  but sometimes when they do the `` winner '' confessional , the queen goes home , so yea, 
  ok fair enough , but it was in past seasons , i think . 
  hows my head ? 
  i love parents like you . 
  im so happy that you support your son . 
  i read that as farrah . 
  * kandy who wtf *, 
  i dont want to wake up to anything floating above my head tbh, 
  im going to skip to the lsfyl just to see if maskgate is real . 
  i hope im gagged, 
  its not my favourite song either , but i said aja should lipsync this song because of the name . 
  haha . 
  its fine . 
  i always miss stuff like that, 
  time, 
  * swoon * so romantic, 
  max . 
  acid betty, 
  is it sad that i actually follow him on twitter , not because i support him , i fucking hate him , it 's just because he makes the most iconic tweet, 
  i agree . 
  and it wouldve been good for her reputation . 
  now everyone hates her, 
  chill , it 's a joke . 
  you apparently are emotionally invested in the lipsync , or hating on kim , since it has distressed you so much . 
  i mean she is still a filler ^ ^ ^ ^ plastic ^ ^ ^ ^ surgery queen, 
  honestly , that look was sooo iconic , it forgives the horrid pink skirts, 
  this is some fucking witchcraft , she looks the same , and here shes 30something . 
  wow, 
  am i the only one that was n't bothered by it ( oh ) at all . 
  i didnt find it annoying . 
  i wish it was for me too , but as soon as i went on youtube there was a video for the lipsync in the recomended . 
  youtube done fucked up drag race . 
  i want that here in slovenia , but then i realised i dont want to be obese .
