hahahaha, 
  lets be honest i mean all slovenians are kinda ashamed of her , i mean the most famous slovenian american and shes married to trump so yeah, 
  * tongue pop *, 
  im more interested in the sharon alaska dick sucking incident . 
  shangela was picking all the apples, 
  raven should 've won just because of that, 
  just print out https://c2.staticflickr.com/6/5517/9116618204_317c364ae1_b.jpg and tape it to your face, 
  ask him if hes a friend of dorothy , if he gets it hes gay , if not well not . 
  they used to say that in the olden days , friend of dorothy was a secret way of asking someone if s/he is gay , dorothy being judy garland ( a gay icon ) , so that what that means, 
  even hemmy, 
  i mean yea, 
  tbh i wannted to see a b horror movie theme , but more polished and scary, 
  ithink thay brought their own . 
  at least katya said she brought her own dress , so im asuming they all brought their own, 
  i she wore a belt that matched the lipstick that dress would be on my top 3, 
  or juju where she got third place and juju when she got third place, 
  its ... . 
  perfect ( is ru gone ), 
  i mean they had less queens so that the series would have had 100 queens and a 100 episodes . 
  i hope that s9 hase more queens and episodes, 
  ethel granger realness, 
  ethel granger realness, 
  i get that , it was a joke but ok, 
  and then theres a completely different theme, 
  im probs gon na get so much hate for this , but even though coven wasnt the best it was my first so it has a special place in my heart . 
  but i love every season equally , its just that coven is my first, 
  whoa its 2 years old , thats so weird to think about . 
  it feels like it aired thus year, 
  i didnt say that we dont face problems , we do . 
  im just saying that trans people have to go through so much more shit than we have to , even in the civilized world . 
  ive read so many comments on social media ( not reddit ) where even lgb have problems with trans people . 
  i didnt say that all lgb ( even though it sounded like that ) hate trans people , im just saying that even within the community ( not all of us ) they receive hate . 
  im saying as a whole trans have it alot worse than we do ( not saying we dont face problems , because we do ) and i think it needs to be addressed . 
  ive seen everywhere on social media ( not reddit ) the hate towards trans people even from lgb . 
  i agree its unproductive but i just wanted to say it . 
  anything by abba preferably the winner takes it all, 
  theres no fun in that, 
  i agree with all of that , i also cried when i taught bette and dot died from the poisoned cupcake , i cried all throughout that scene . 
  what episode was the one were hallie was almost microwaved, 
  i cried when i thought the twins died , or when ma petite died, 
  i mean shes cute for a black guy, 
  well bitch he aint yo boyfriend no more, 
  anything like that ( a theme where theres alot of child actors ) wont happen . 
  murphy denied it himself, 
  `` it wasnt amazing but it was good enough '' more like `` it wasnt amazing but it was katya '', 
  there was no talking, 
  a fresh cup of lavender ( from my garden ) tea, 
  thanks that was wery useful . 
  make it my husb ... i mean wife, 
  sure, 
  sure, 
  i dont know it could be a b-horror movie theme, 
  you shoul now resteep all of it at once and see what it tastes like, 
  bette and dot, 
  put some banana powder on that bitch, 
  `` your tribe is waiting for you '' rupaul, 
  adoption . 
  please consider adoption , its so wonderful when these kids , that were abandoned by their biological parents , find a loving home . 
  you dont need to pass on your dna, 
  so did max and she went home . 
  alyssa 's just quoted mommy dearest ... ... and i lived for every second of it, 
  i think bjork was tailor made for katya, 
  that was horrible but i loved it, 
  ok cool so the theme is ahs : spiders ffs, 
  ok cool so the theme is ahs : spiders ffs, 
  so asylum, 
  i just imagined it inmy head and it was amazing . 
  and i didnt mean like from seasons 1,3 or 5 i ment from 2 or 4 , if it is infact connected, 
  i love ru in that hair, 
  i love ru in that hair, 
  youre the reason that suicide rates are so high, 
  i know alot of you bitches hate kim chii but to kil her , c'mon, 
  thanks for the info, 
  but imagine if co2 and awindow lipsynced , who do you think wouldve gone home, 
  katya threw it on purpose, 
  i dont remember ru writing that in her book, 
  yea me too , mowma, 
  didnt she do god, 
  * big ang voice * thats fucked up, 
  im.not going to listen to it . 
  why , becouse everytime i listen to a rugurls songs i cringe . 
  edit : grammar and spelling, 
  what about cher and rupaul, 
  well what he says shows the time period he grew up/worked in . 
  he lived in a time when everyone was gay , be it trans or bi , you were gay . 
  everyone was the same , and people used words , what we would today see as offensive , like they mean nothing . 
  do i think he is transphobic . 
  not necessarily, 
  do i think he should apologize . 
  yes, 
  should he stop using slurs . 
  yes, 
  they tell then ahead of time what looks to bring for the challenges, 
  the only thing that bothers me is that phi ^ 2 face didnt match the rest of the body color-wise, 
  god forbid alsaka be in the bottom 9 / s, 
  her charecter was last minute and she could n't get a propper dress, 
  i do agree that it was lackluster , but i still kinda liked it, 
  she is not a gem , she is an entire fucking necklace . 
  im living for alyssa this seasn, 
  i would pay upwards of $ 5.50 to see alyssa , not just 5 but 5 and a hlf thats alot,
