  well you need to get money somehow, 
  choices ... is that correct , did i do good, 
  why do people hate him so much . 
  like seriously , he did something different ( his eyebrows ) , and god forbid anyone do anything differently . 
  he is 17 and landing gigs at covergirl . 
  i personally applaud him for it . 
  yea i completely agree . 
  people would attack anyone out of jealousy . 
  * willam voice * omg , you just described a color as lilac , gurl its fucking purple, 
  i love katy so much . 
  i just cant , ow my heart . 
  now we just wait olfor that one alaska stan to say were bashing alaska, 
  i katya laughed, 
  she looks like melanie martinez, 
  i didnt go to school for math, 
  in the next episode she 'll probably be stitching up herself and then she 'll be going on the next rampage, 
  come thru britney, 
  fuck you , bicth . 
  this is incredible . 
  this drawing is gorgeous . 
  keep up the good work, 
  the shark looks deader , than you should be, 
  i audibly cackled , full out bianca laughed . 
  sorry i forgot . 
  shes still fierce, 
  this is so meta , i love it , keep up the good work, 
  that would be incredible, 
  every episode should be 60 minutes long , as we only have 10 episodes, 
  i read it as bad editing , and immediately taught of phi ^ 2, 
  they mean , what specific type of herbal tea it is ( camomile , ginger , peppermint , lemon balm , ... ), 
  the butcher ? 
  the grey area between these two subs is amazing, 
  feal is what you reel, 
  and when she helped jaidyn in th acting challenge, 
  it does , thank you so much . 
  i was so confused , thank you again . 
  they were stoned , and drunk . 
  shes probably based off of barbara walters , shes 87 , and still working . 
  and kathy bates is 70 and still working . 
  so its not that unrealistic, 
  chad about to die , so you giffed him, 
  we all riot, 
  * phi ^ 2 voice * sharon i love how you rock the party city , * wink wink *, 
  he is saltier than the dead sea, 
  kinda like the rupauls drag race reunions, 
  facecrack of the millennium, 
  * sigh * we wish, 
  that was some subtle shade . 
  they edited her, 
  detox ' ass is not that secret . 
  like realistically , could anything come close to allstars 2, 
  well bye , i guess . 
  i agree 100 % . 
  this was very well explained . 
  if i saw that comment without that * edit * i would n't have downwoted it, 
  the spider things were the chens . 
  lee probably turned on the stove , and when she got shot it ignited it . 
  lee chose to make herself seen , the others didnt . 
  and people need to remember that this is not our universe . 
  well i mean thinks like live murders would not be aired in `` our world '' but in the ahs world its ok ( i guess theyre crazy , or on drugs ) . 
  thats what i meant, 
  and it was upside-down for extra flavour, 
  * biancas demure , beautiful , ladylike voice * beauty fades , dumb is foreva . 
  for a second i was like `` what really '' but then i saw the * fine * print and i was like `` what really '', 
  i hope hes jocking, 
  rebecca has a dog, 
  i actually kinda like it, 
  i really hope youre pretty, 
  but i really like that aquamarine fabric on top of the cheetah print , and i normally hate most animal prints , but she really pulled it off, 
  but most of the people fighting on black friday aint that slim , nor are they chic . 
  its upside down, 
  its really good . 
  ive tried it , you cant even taste the avocado . 
  its so chocolatey . 
  you should really try it, 
  miss maxine does, 
  miss maxine does, 
  then do n't, 
  i die laughing , anytime i watch that video . 
  cake or death, 
  ok so ive watched pib ( as soon as i wached it * everything * made sense ) , heathers , grey gardens , and mean girls . 
  i have some more to watch . 
  thanks, 
  i love the wizard of oz , i watch it all the time, 
  but ive seen detox already, 
  for research purposes, 
  stop trying to make fetch happen , its not going to happen, 
  during the lipsync , when she took off the animal print * dress * , and just wore that bodysuit , she looked so much better, 
  but she crystallized, 
  did it keep going down , did she have a coupon, 
  i think it was because born naked ( buy it now on itunes ), 
  actually its whoever the producers want to win, 
  [ me at this conversation ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hvoy1m14rbq ), 
  the moon is just a giant wheel of swiss cheese, 
   saint rupaul, 
  its supposed to say god herself, 
  well some tea bags actually contain good tea , ill still probably buy those , other than that i wont buy tea bags, 
  ive tried a good quality puerh cake , i drank it all ( because it was expensive ) but i didnt quite like it . 
  i dont remember what type it was . 
  but i did try many different brewing techniques , i just didnt like the smell nor the taste .
