  but everything else is completely true and i will take it into account next time im designing something . 
  so thanks for the actual constructive criticism . 
  i mean shes covered head to toe , so i dobt know . 
  i tried making a clipping mask with a pattern underneath so it looks like she has a patterned dress on , but it was too much, 
  ok that makes sense . 
  she actually has really pretty facial features , its sad that people can do this to other people ( if i remeber the story correctly she was a victim of an acid attack ) . 
  great job on the surgeons, 
  the nose . 
  i love straight noses ( im so sad i dont have a straight nose but hey ) . 
  friend resigned, 
  its a darn shame to loose a pet . 
  its not official ( i think only philly use it ) and it looks terrible, 
  i hope its better for her now ( finantially at least ) her ex is a horrible person, 
  wow she is a really bad person , i hope she goes to jail for this, 
  thats fucked up , your dad isnt a great person . 
  how are things now ? 
  im glad to hear . 
  two of my favourite artist , together , i cant . 
  trens alert : breathing, 
  the guys eyebrows are ready to fly away, 
  i mean compared to some of the shit on this sub this looks really good, 
  were the videos on pornhub, 
  uh , uh ... fair enough, 
  that filter is compression , i think, 
  [ its better with the audio ] ( https://youtu.be/7yw5x-2mscy ), 
  * latrice laugh *, 
  honestly its for the best , those shitty extensions needed to go, 
  perhaps shes born with it, 
  fresh sheets , tea , or anything floral, 
  what leaves are neon green . 
  i still see your point tho, 
  i love *** cock *** atoos, 
  i like the red but the pink/skin color just looks horrible , if it was just red and maybe a black or white to compliment it it wouldve looked good . 
  i still cry when i think of mistys death, 
  anything abba, 
  after laughter - paramore, 
  anything edith piaf, 
  god , all of your are so thirsty, 
  a human 's liberation, 
  i fucking hate cerise , shes such a cunt, 
  i think its just the stones without the rod, 
  i actually really like it without the black, 
  edit : whoa guys , i just woke up and saw that this comment was nearly at 1000 upvotes , my first comment to do so . 
  and yes , r/nocontext, 
  wow you can call th 9th of novem er, 
  but , but , but was it absolutely , surely , 100 % an ad, 
  yes, 
  what pizzeria is this , and where in slovenia is it ? 
  same thing, 
  commenting just to see what happens, 
  actually no . 
  as a baker ( not professional , but a spare time baker ) this is really useful for making even loaves of bread , pastries , and such , its especially useful for bakeries so that you and the berson next gets the same loaf of bread or the same doughnut or anything . 
  and its super efficient , it devides dough into 24 peices in seconds , which would take me at least half an hout of cutting every peice mesuring and then forming them . 
  so yea its not worthless . 
  yea ive tried redbull ice-cream , it tastes how you 'd imagine , milky cold redbull without the fizz . 
  it was ok , if someone gave me a scoop i would eat it , but would i buy it again , probably not . 
  ( i sound like a total food snob , im not ), 
  not what i ment , but still giving you the upvote for making me chuckle . 
  should n't ~ ~ norway ~ ~ alaska also be part lf ~ ~ denmark ~ ~ usa, 
  found the guy that said `` found the guy that said ` found the redditor ' '', 
   flock of cocktails, 
  im sorry your bird had a drinking problem . 
  ( in all seriousness , im sorry for your birb ; - ; ), 
  ` murica for the win ^ ^ / s, 
  wheres the lie . 
  sure its a bit much , but if you work hard you can go anywhere , and get anything done . 
  its not always about white privilege and shit . 
  i taught he said bald eagles are an environmental and easthetic disaster, 
  i still dont . 
  i wasnt talking about the poverty bit . 
  i agree with you on that 100 % . 
  but i think alot of people dont work hard and expect good things to come their way , which wont happen ( for the majority of the population , at least ) , you have to work hard and smart to get to where you would like to be . 
  this looks incredible . 
  it 's gorgeous, 
  and gorizia, 
  lana del rey also did a cover on honeymoon, 
  im sorry there 's nothing we can do . 
  * dramatic music starts playing *, 
  if you dont agree with the genders thing , its fine i also dont 100 % , but that does n't mean i would just be a cunt to them . 
  if a person said they want to be called xyz i will call them xyz out of respect . 
  it does n't effect me in the slightest , and everyone deserves to be happy . 
  please dont think all trans people are like this , they are not , most are completely normal and just like everyone else . 
  gender dysphoria is a mental illness , almost all trans people agree , but you can treat it by transitioning . 
  and the pronouns thing i agree 100 % , like if i introduce myself as mike , dont call me john . 
  very few people thinks like this , dont worry . 
  needs more frying, 
  im fine with any joke as long as its a joke , but theres a time and place for every joke , and that was not the time nor the place . 
  my condolences for your brother , cancer ( and any serious illness ) is a bitch . 
  art, 
  i really like fatsecret and google fit . 
  fs has alot of options , while google fit has a really nice interface , and is easy to use . 
  and theyre both free, 
  you cant . 
  the texture is terrible frozen ( theyre only good for smoothies ), 
  needs more nuking, 
  she was the witty bitch i aspire to be . 
  she stole every scene she was in . 
  i really like her witty responses . 
  she is truly my favourite character . 
  yes,
