same in france . 
  i think it 's a british thing . 
  in french we even have the phrase ` indian subcontinent ', 
  majority-rule is such a terrible representation . 
  there 's no difference between 51 % airbus and 51 % boeing . 
  obviously with the numbers at hand you should have been able to make a proportion-based map ? 
  this map contains more misleading than useful information . 
  i 'm guessing they actually do n't serve food , and instead function on a deli shop mode . 
  that would n't work in france . 
  after a small while people would just remove the towel and leave it on the ground !, 
   shitty argument . 
  can i call the practices of papuan new guinea cannibals barabaric ? 
  hindu brain-eating tribes ? 
  the aztecs slicing out the still-beating hearts of their civilians ? 
  the inca sacrificing their children on mountain tops ? 
    and for closer to home examples - woman in the middle east . 
  is that barbaric ? 
    ( ... )   i do n't live in north korea so i should n't be bothered by the authoritarian state ? 
  i 'm not a woman so i ca n't support woman 's suffrage ? 
  i should just watch other videos , eh ? 
  surely all these examples are on another scale , and there must have been a lot of people within these societies that have suffered from and occasionally revolted against it . 
  let women and north koreans fight on their own behalf : help them if you have the opportunity to , but do n't fight in their stead , because they 're the ones concerned in the first place , not you . 
  again i think circumcision should n't be performed in the absence of a medical condition but unless you give me evidence that it 's causing noticeable harm to people 's sexuality later in life i 'll keep thinking it 's a ( deeply ) symbolic thing with little actual direct incidence on people 's life and not a cause that must be aggressively defended . 
  anyway , back to the point : indiscriminately calling those who back circumcision of male children ( i.e. 
  jews and muslims ) `` barbaric '' _ does _ make you a racist . 
  you seem to be forgetting that we 're talking about adult parents who ( for the father ) experienced the same thing from their own parents and still think it was a good thing , so yes , they are morally entitled to make that choice for their kids . 
  even though this is just another religious bullshit , do n't go calling other people 's culture barbaric , because it 's not , and doing so only demonstrates your inability to think broadly and understand the diversity of human societies . 
  if you 've been circumcised and suffer from it then yeah , just fight against it . 
  if you 've only watched viral videos on social networks then frankly , just go watch other videos . 
  this is not to say that what happened in the original article is n't shocking , by all means it should never happen if the mother opposes it , and certainly not be done sneakily . 
  and it would be ... do n't decide for others what 's good for them . 
  male circumcision is n't in itself an issue to such a degree that you should feel that concerned about it . 
  like in `` i missed school on monday because i was camping in notre-dame-des-landes '' ? 
  apparently the head supervisor made a copy of the note and put it on display in his office , lol, 
  the dutch military is too small . 
  there 's no incentive for france to make great efforts to integrate its military power with the dutch one if the overall power is going to be about the same anyway . 
  there are two paths . 
  you can merge all armies into a federal one to which everyone could and would contribute . 
  or you can progressively tighten the integration between the few most powerful armies . 
  only the second option is reasonable on the short or medium term . 
  that 's a lame french joke , but legitimate xd, 
  the good thing is , it 's becoming better very quickly now , 
  google 's setting up a little ` spot the invader ' game there, 
  likely unrelated but in french _ grasse _ ( fat ) can mean rich/abundant , like in _ grasse matin\u00e9e _ ( lazy morning ) or _ herbe grasse _ ( rich grass ), 
  `` so poor '' , `` so rich '' , `` so great '' ... and then ireland is `` so green '' . 
  it 's not _ good _ for them , but they 'd probably prefer the regime did n't use chemical weapons , that 's bad for them on the long term . 
  ireland was already very green . 
  technically , that is n't the case, 
  i definitely did n't say that . 
  the reasoning holds as long as these activities are important enough that upsetting them would be noticeable , which is probably the case . 
  i somewhat agree . 
  first , the reason why there is n't any discussion about how to close those loopholes is that the moment the government/governing party acknowledges that there 's a problem , their position becomes unbearable . 
  and if we consider the other side , the commission ca n't make any kind of practical recommendations , because it 's not legitimate to intervene in ireland 's internal affairs , and doing so anyway would only cause adverse reactions . 
  the irish economy will obviously survive if the changes are made at a reasonable pace . 
  why would n't it ? 
  true enough , ireland has the same problem as other european countries , high wages and few natural resources to rely on . 
  i can understand the temptation to take the comfortable seat in a set of poor ones . 
  but eventually we 're all in the same boat and arguing just drives everyone down , including those that have the best seats . 
  on the long run the reasonable answer is obvious . 
  negotiating some kind of more federal tax system is definitely the only way out of this mess . 
  but it 's still a bit easy to say `` what do we have to gain ? '', 
  or `` there are problems elsewhere too '' . 
  by the way , these majority-rule maps are _ extremely misleading _ . 
  for comparison , majority-rule maps of the second round of the french presidential election show that le pen won in ** 2 departments out of 101 ** . 
  it makes it look like she 's marginal , but her actual score was 35 % and she has supporters almost everywhere . 
  edit : oh , and displaying genetic data _ by country _ is pretty dumb as well . 
  the english have french blood . 
  i knew it !, 
  they 're probably right on the long term though , because that model wo n't last forever , and ireland has a lot to gain from good business relationships within europe . 
  because it would hurt the irish economy . 
  a lot of highly paid jobs in ireland/dublin depend on the willingness of the irish government to preserve a system where big tech companies can avoid paying any taxes on any profits made anywhere in europe . 
  in the long run this will just force other countries to enforce a `` where you profit is where you pay taxes '' system & big companies will relocate to e.g. 
  brussels as it 's more central and it wo n't matter anymore where the main branch is located . 
  verstager is partly saying ` collect the money or we will retaliate ', 
  common sense is a very dubious notion , and in any case , you ca n't blame people for not having it . 
   at this point , even `` alternative '' parents should be able to realize their baby is n't healthy yeah they should . 
  but hey , that 's what beliefs do and albino people get killed to make potion . 
  great . 
  also current us officials do n't believe in climate change . 
  that 's not really the point . 
  people do what they want and i 'm totally fine with them not eating gluten . 
  i just do n't want to hear that they have a good reason to to so if that 's not the case . 
  making baseless claims and calling oneself reasonable , seriously ? 
  they knew something was wrong , but did n't believe `` conventional medicine '' could help them . 
  so no , it was n't a mix , just plain old bigotery/pseudoscience . 
  governments , especially european ones , should totally invest in free software . 
  i believe that stuff that 's developped for governments should generally be free ( regardless of the os ) , but very little is done in this direction . 
  have my upvote . 
  totally a chicken-egg problem, 
  yeah it 's pretty bad . 
  anyway , i 'd say it 's likely that within 20 years 10-20 % of the seats ( 58-116 seats , assuming the total does n't change ) are going to be assigned through a proportional system , because that 's been around for a while . 
  that would at least allow smaller parties to have a voice ; it 's absurd that the front national has 2/577 seats in the assembl\u00e9e nationale and 24/74 seats in the european parliament . 
  nevertheless the current local majority-based system allows to represent something that 's not accounted for in a proportional system : the fact that there is ( was , in 2012 ) a majority against the front national everywhere . 
  it can be a good or a bad thing depending on whether you see the parliament as a representative body or a governing body , but that 's an important point . 
   if ... it would n't ... yeah right . 
  and maybe . 
  face reality . 
  far beyond the reasonable gluten-free habits , there 's a whole world of `` alternative everything '' where doctors , vaccines , and other kinds of scientific evidence do n't exist anymore . 
  going gluten-free should be about digestive side-effects , but for many people it 's a way of life . 
  your comment is off-topic .
