  the baby did n't die because of a lack of attention and care but because of the parent 's absurd _ beliefs _ . 
  i would n't say `` natural '' . 
  it 's more like they 're locked in the absurd stance they chose for themselves . 
  what 's most notable i think is that bayrou is minister for justice and he 's pushed hard for transparency laws , and that le maire is minister of economy . 
  _ les r\u00e9publicains _ must be really confused at the moment . 
  they 've adopted a very aggressive anti-macron stance in preparation of the legislative ( parliament ) elections , but now there 's one of their heavyweights at the head of what 's in their eyes the most important ministry ... plus the prime minister is also from _ les r\u00e9publicains _ , even though he 's less famous . 
  also hulot is minister for ecology and he 's damn serious about it . 
  i would expect him to quit pretty fast if he feels like he 's being toyed with . 
  it 's overall very pro-european as expected . 
  people who voted for m\u00e9lenchon definitely wo n't like that the prime minister and minister of the economy are from the right wing _ les r\u00e9publicains _ party ( although from the left of it ) . 
  that and the fact that most of the guys are n't really new , even though it 's true that their backgrounds are a bit more diverse than usual . 
  otherwise i feel like eu critics are a bit unsettled at the moment but it 's hard to tell if that 's going to be a long-term change . 
  actually a lot of newspapers in france and elsewhere in europe already have distinct `` europe '' and `` international '' sections . 
  i 'd say rather us & friends , but nato is definitely subbordinate to the us government as they 're so much more powerful than other members . 
  the us alone represent ~ 70 % of the ~ $ 1,000 billion aggregate budget so they have the last say whenever they want to & there 's no way an ambitious decision can be taken if they 're not in favor of it . 
  the eu military power is very limited because it 's very fragmented and relatively underfunded ( ~ 1.5 % of gdp , as compaired to ~ 3.3 % for the us and ~ 5.3 % for russia ), 
  do you agree that the organizer 's 60k is way exaggerated ? 
  you 're good at guestimation, 
  you 're actually part of the propaganda without realizing it . 
  when i read above that `` independent sources say 20k '' and that i see that nobody on the thread argued for a higher number , i do conclude that the organizer 's 60k is bullshit, 
  it 's the same in france but the official process is n't very transparent and they 're still often underestimating the numbers when they want to , e.g. 
  by using a strictier methodology ( like not including some areas that likely should have counted ) . 
  it 's exceptional for the police figure to be more that 2 times below the most likely number . 
  but organizers sometimes have no shame and do 5x or more if turnout was way under what they hoped for . 
  the overall difference between the numbers reported by both sides is usually 2-5x , and for small events organizers rely on the police numbers . 
  but one is conceptually wrong , see the comment by / u/mentalfist, 
  this , too . 
  comparing absolute numbers do n't make sense in a series that spans several orders of magnitudes . 
  of honesty as a whole . 
  who knows , if everybody 's lying ? 
  i understand that the organizers may want to do a more relaxed counting and get 1.5-2x the actual number , and that conversely the government may want to do a more strict counting . 
  but a 16x difference ?!, 
  seriously , all this tells us is that both sides are equally keen on propaganda . 
  it is n't surprising from russian authorities but i 'd rather the other side did n't do the same thing . 
  from the website it seems so . 
  you may have to register and stuff . 
  no , the moral is that both the government and the protesters are blatantly lying . 
  i think the divide has become obvious but how much the impact is going to be will depend on the results of the legislative ( _ assembl\u00e9e _ members ) elections, 
  he 's always been known as more social-liberal , except for like , literally three quotes during the campaign . 
  the important thing is that the socialist party has a gigantic issue with market economy ; half the party accepts it and half rejects it . 
  the only way for the party to not implode is to talk about it as little as possible , and that 's what happened in 2012 . 
  imagine you 're martin schultz , and that the cdu and afd want your head really bad , and die linke too , and even half of your own spd as well . 
  that 's how much political support hollande has been receiving since the day he was elected . 
  he pretty much had only critics , and his hands full with people within his party that did n't believe in market economy ( he was criticized really hard for being a `` social democrat '' ; the word was basically taboo for socialists when he took office ) . 
  also his voice is terrible and his speeches are maybe too intellectual . 
  i think that the important thing is that the temperature had been ~ 5c and for a few days so the ground and buildings were warm . 
  there 's a joke that goes , in ( western france ) brittany it 's sunny every day -- once . 
  it may be a consequence . 
  it 's a correlation . 
  all of marine , marianne and ariane ( french for \u0391\u03c1\u03b9\u03ac\u03b4\u03bd\u03b7 / ariadne ) are common first names . 
  but marie-anne is dated . 
  that blunder was mainly because he had spent most of his trip in the french antilles though . 
  he probably knows as well as anybody where guyane is ( he is probably is n't expert on oversea territories either ) . 
  if they stay politically close to russia they 're not going to score well on the democratic criteria anyway . 
  paris , and especially the touristy neighborhoods , are special in this regard . 
  most of these places are n't very pleasant even for a parisian . 
  honestly it must be pretty hard to work as a waiter in a place where every single day an overwhelming majority of your patrons are people that you know you 're never going to meet again and who have no clue about the kind of life you 're living as they do n't know the city/country/culture . 
  also it does n't matter if you 're nice of not : people are n't coming back anyway . 
  i 'd say places with more regulars are totally different . 
  wait , the commission is actually writing laws in powerpoint now ? 
  indirectly . 
  the point is that the languages that actually come from the franks are the [ fr\u00e4nkisch ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/franconian_languages ) german dialects ( _ le francique _ ) . 
  sadly there are many people who may not like the german , especially among _ eurosceptiques _ . 
  vichy officially ruled over all of france from 1940 to 1944 and the borders remained the same throughout , apart for alsace-lorraine that was annexed by germany . 
  but the german military occupied the northern part so they mostly did what they wanted there and french authorities had to comply . 
  in 1942 the german military invaded and occupied the southern part as well . 
  while the french government continued to exist it became essentially subordinate to the german military . 
  i think he 's thinking rifles and handguns, 
  you 're missing an empire between the first republic and the second kingdom !, 
  he forgot to say costly and probably not very efficient . 
  it 's mostly for politics to say they 're doing something . 
  but i 'd say people are friendly towards military patrols , especially as they do n't have police powers and are just there to be seen and in case an attack happens just before their eyes . 
  also we 've been in perpetual _ etat d'urgence _ for two years now . 
  which is worse . 
  most often it 's so that written language gives more contextual information ( although that also means that when you get it mixed up , even in ways that do n't affect pronunciation , nothing makes sense anymore ) . 
  sometimes it 's for historical reasons , as in _ ` for\u00eat ' _ ( forest , that used used to be spelled _ ` forest ' _ ) . 
  we 're big on history . 
  i was hoping that someone would come up with the actual reason !, 
  it 's revenge for [ joan of arc ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/joan_of_arc ) ( 1412-1431 ) . 
  it 's just going to take a very long time because paris accounts for ~ 19 % of the population ( ~ 12m people , vs. < 2m people for the second largest city ) and ~ 29 % of the gdp . 
  that it 's called france and its language french is actually a curious turn of history , as the franks did n't quite speak french . 
  i 'm not denying that all candidates for the presidency are psychologically interesting , just saying that he might be the most extreme of them all . 
  well , psychopath is n't really the right word for it , but he seems to have asymmetric relationships with a lot of people , and the extent to which he separates emotion and interest is n't exactly clear . 
  and there is this overwhelming ambition as well , that probably leaks into other aspects of his personality . 
  well i do think you 're eventually going to come back , in a way or another . 
  it 's not like you can sail that big island of yours very far , 
  actually in peace times they have always , and logically , been wary of excess cooperation between france and germany . 
  yes . 
  he still has the baguette accent though . 
  maybe that 's a good thing , rofl, 
  every french person knows that . 
  also , no white socks ( unless you 're playing tennis maybe ) but this one is n't enforced as well . 
  i think you could make a good case that he 's a psychopath tbh . 
  a cool psychopath but a psychopath nevertheless, 
  i think that this map sum it up the best : http://m.slate.fr/sites/default/files/carte_deuxieme_tour.png, 
  what i mean is that something really serious would have snowballed pretty fast because there 's a lot of people who do n't like macron . 
  the far-right and the far-left both have efficient alternative media networks . 
  also mainstream media did provide minimal coverage , basically to say where the leaks came from and to debunk some of the most outrageous fakes . 
  i do n't think that our supposedly `` mandatory '' blackout was that important . 
  if there had been something really big it would have 1 ) spread on the internet and consequently 2 ) the media would have been forced into covering it at least minimally .
