you could use that logic for every law conceivable , yet most of us agree that there has to be some laws regulating behaviour in society . 
  so the logic behind the law , i think is that the person prostituting themselves are often in a desperate and vulnerable situation . 
  therefore it makes little sense to prosecute them - you would then be punishing the person you want to protect . 
  if somebody wanted to sell sex , i would have nothing against it - but by legalizing the activity you would also affect people people who do n't want to sell sex , but for some reason are forced to . 
  i 'd prefer initiatives that made sure noone were put in a position of involuntery prostetution but those are also politically difficult . 
   you can not have it both ways why ? 
   the historical context here is russian imperialism , and grabbing countries from down the barrel of a gun . 
  only if you cherry pick parts of regional history . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/crimea  the west is not pressing anywhere . 
  http://www.spiegel.de/international/world/nato-s-eastward-expansion-did-the-west-break-its-promise-to-moscow-a-663315.html http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/enlargement_of_nato#individual_partnership_action_plan  this has nothing to do with the usa . 
  do n't try to make it about the usa . 
  this has everything to do with nato , and east-west power struggles . 
  http://www.mirror.co.uk/tv/tv-news/hollands-talent-racist-comments-chinese-2813560 that was really nauseating to watch . 
  politicians would shit a brick and scurry for an excuse to deny the applicant asylum , something they might actually fail at considering the case , the state of us prisons and the us judicial prosess ( or at times the lack of . . ) . 
  this would in turn probably result in some beneficial trade agreements being cancelled on the part of the us . 
  there would be some pressure to grant asylum as opinion seems to strongly favour snowden ( but my impression is based on anecdotal evidence , not opinion polls ) . 
  it is not impossible that norwegian politicians might find a way to legaly eel their way out of responisbility . 
  to be fair , the us considers a cyber attack an act of war , not hacking in general . 
  the strength of an casus belli would be determined by the extent of damage due to the cyber attack . 
  to be clear we are talking about an attack disabling critical infrastructure . 
  i was thinking of europe in general . 
  youth unemployment in greece , spain , portugal , italy , croatia and ireland scares the shit out of me and the rest of europe is not doing great either . 
  i hope things get better for you soon , the current state of affairs is a travesty . 
  i would not worry , it does not look like there is going to be any avaliable jobs anyways with current employment trends :d, 
  tax is not something you pay because you break the law . 
  taxes are not theft . 
   how robbing people off their money this article is about closing tax loopholes , you should probably read it again . 
  as far as i can tell the link is not broken . 
  maybe you clicked the wrong article ? 
  finally something positive from the eu . 
  hope this gets through . 
  the term exist . 
  i think it is irrelevant if it happened in medival europe or not , i do n't worry about customs being practiced 500 years ago . 
  i have no concern for medival europeans . 
  i am however quite fond of the current europeans . 
  is this the new * jus primae noctis * ? 
  a neofeudal one ? 
  iraq : cherry picked or fabricated evidence , no wmd 's , no al quaida links , initiated by people close to halliburton , lots of civilian contracts to halliburton , lots of money missing , wasted or scammed by contractors . 
  afghanistan : a bit more gray . 
  at least they had something resembling a casus belli . 
  getting real tired of all the `` freedom and democracy '' talk tho ( that goes for both us and eu ) . 
   but that is a crucial part of why so many americans now thank soldiers : they have a choice . 
  the problem is that the policy result mostly in people with few options in life enlisting . 
  if the alternative to military service for the lower economic strata is poverty , is that not a form of cohersion ? 
  how fair is it that those of least means also have to shoulder the burden of war , and should the defence of the nation be something you can opt out of as a citizen ? 
   in conclusion , among race , socioeconomic status , and immigration status , socioeconomic status is the only significant predictor of having ever served in the military . 
  class differences in military enlistment likely reflect differences in the non-military occupational opportunity , structured along class lines . 
  this research shows that the all-volunteer force continues to see overrepresentation of the working and middle classes , with fewer incentives for upper class participation . 
   if it says `` made in china '' or `` made in indonesia '' not all products made in china or indonesia are made under terrible conditions this reactionary approach will only hurt developing economies by boycotting them without discriminating . 
  many products made in the west contain parts that are made in indonesia and china under poor conditions that you will never be aware of . 
   that is already regulated , the producers ca n't lie to the consumers about their products . 
  have you ever picked up a pair of adidas sneakers and read on the box `` these shoes were made under terrible conditions in the phillipines ? '', 
  does it say on your romanian produced nokia telephone that it contains blood minerals from africa ? 
  do you think average joe has time to research every ingredient supplier involved in the production of every precooked meal he buys ? 
   the only actors here that can make a difference are the consumers . 
  it should be painfully obvious by now that the only solution you for some reason think is possible , is not working at all . 
  we can however limit the problem by other means or make it easier for consumers to make the right choice : government : http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/6569797.stm http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/carbon_tax international agreements : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_social_charter initiative from private parties : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fair_trade http://www.globalecolabelling.net/docs/documents/intro_to_ecolabelling.pdf, 
  how many consumer products are avaliable to you where you live ? 
  you probably dont have an exact answer for that , but lets make a modest estimate and say at least several hundred thousand . 
  so the next question is do you have a full overview of the complete production chain for all those products ? 
  do you even have an overview of the production chains for the products you regularly buy ? 
  are you sure the information you do have about the products you buy and their production chain is accurate ( its not reasonable to expect producers to advertice negative aspects of their product ) ? 
   the government , private businesses and voters , none of these can force you to buy these . 
  i have never made that claim , and i dont see the relevance of this in regards to determining responsibility ( but for the record , sure they can , but i think it is unlikely that your govenment is going to mandate that you buy a pack of spaghetti each week anytime soon ) . 
  what is important is that all of these actors have power to significantly reduce the problem and they are all parts in the system and they directly or indirectly cause , benefit and take harm from these negative aspects . 
  governments , private businesses , consumers and voters all have a share of responsibility for these issues . 
  if you are a french worker living on the dutch-belgian border , you must be a really early bird to get to work in france on time . 
  impressive , i honestly did not know that . 
  the specific policy was tax cuts for the upper and middle class . 
  most lower and middle class is anchored to their jobs and dont have the resources to be country jumping for lower taxes so this will mainly benefit the upper tax brackets . 
   in specific country in specific circumstances . 
  what specifically is it that will make what failed in the us , work in france ? 
   also , what `` did not work '' means in this context is `` did not stimulate economical growth and employment '' . 
  that 's not the only consideration here . 
  care to elaborate ? 
   finally , as far as i can see , goerz 's point applies to all taxpayers , not just the upper class . 
  yes , french workers are going to move across the border and commute to work in france to dodge taxes/s, 
  i agree as well . 
  my point is that greed is neither rational or good , and it is certainly not a behaviour we should encourage . 
  greed got the head of louis xvi , separated from his body . 
  your idea of sound fiscal policy is to have the eu countries compete with each other in taxing the least ? 
  sounds great !, 
  it certainly worked wonders for the us with the bush tax cuts . / s last time i checked a congressional research service report on the effect of tax cuts to wealthy , was suppressed because it concluded that they did not work . 
  national food security is probably less of an issue in countries that export large quantities of food and have low population density . 
  in times of trouble they can always restrict exports to handle domestic needs . 
  of course global food security should be a concern for all , for humanitarian reasons . 
  food security seems to be a concern in the uk as well . 
  yeah , dont try to understand what im saying , just down vote it . 
   either eu food does n't meet norwegian quality standards or we ca n't provide enough food to cover for your market or that 's a fabrication made by your food producers so they could get away with increasing tariffs in those products . 
  food security is not about quality standards food security is not about the eu lacking the capacity to supply us currently . 
  food security is not a peasant conspiracy did you even read the abstract section for the paper i linked you to ? 
  you know , the lazy tldr ; section of an academic paper ? 
   warfare , trade disruptions , environmental crises and the global food situation are all potential threats to national food security in developed countries . 
  in order to cope with important crisis scenarios domestic food production capacity is particularly needed . 
  in highcost countries a ` laissez-faire policy ' could almost cease the agricultural commodity production and lead to under-provision of public goods ( e.g. 
  food security ) . 
   in norway food security has been a national priority since the second world war . 
  important parameters in this context have been the degree of food self-sufficiency ( measured as the energy content of the food ) and certain production goals . 
   3 crisis scenarios potential threats to national food security are many . 
  earlier , the main focus was on food security in connection with wars and trade disruptions .
