  during recent years , there has been increasing focus on potential environmental crises and the global food situation . 
  no one wishes for such a situation to arise . 
  nevertheless there is a unknown and unpredictable probability for the occurrence of such crisis scenarios . 
  3.1 warfare considerable conventional and nuclear armed forces are positioned close to norway . 
  the power structure is asymmetrical , with a superpower bordering on a small country in a strategically important region . 
  the development of russia 's domestic situation is uncertain . 
  armed conflicts may spread to areas adjacent to norway . 
  still there is significant tension in europe . 
  there is no guarantee that new conflicts will not break out . 
  the main objectives of norwegian security policy are still to contribute to a stable and peaceful development , protect national sovereignty and to preserve national rights and interests ( ministry of defence 1998 ) . 
  national security and defence are dependent on the civilian society . 
  changes within civilian social structures and activities play an important role for the development of norwegian defence policy ( ministry of defence 1998:44 ) . 
  food security is a major element of an overall defence strategy . 
  in this context , norwegian authorities emphasise the maintenance of the country 's food production capacity on its limited farmland resources . 
  in case of a long-term crisis , the goal is to secure the domestic self-sufficiency ability ( ministry of justice 1998:38 ) . 
  3.2 trade disruptions an embargo aims at preventing a country from importing goods . 
  there may be more efficient means of exerting political pressure than by curtailing imports of food ( winters 1990 ) . 
  the obvious alternative is energy -- specifically the supply of oil . 
  few countries are self-sufficient in oil , and in the short run there are few substitutes . 
  however , norway is in fact a major oilexporting nation . 
  extensive food embargoes are rare and very few of those that have been conducted were successful ( winters 1990 ) . 
  this may not be very surprising , since most countries do aim at securing a minimum national food production . 
  a country may become more vulnerable to foreign pressure and sanctions if its national food self-sufficiency ability is reduced . 
  thus , one ought to be careful when referring to the historical lack of successful food embargoes in the discussion of agricultural trade liberalisation . 
  the effect of such embargoes could be greater if domestic food production capacity is reduced . 
  3.3 environmental crises floods , draughts , frost , hurricanes , earthquakes , diseases , pests , etc. 
  can lead to significant , temporary declines in local or regional food production . 
  even though these are the result of adverse natural conditions , the effects thereof can be influenced by human activity . 
  in a global perspective , such disasters seldom affect large areas . 
  affluent households can easily purchase food from other regions . 
  rich countries thus have little to fear from temporary food shortages due to local disasters . 
  however , developing countries may have to take such scenarios into consideration . 
  widespread food shortage can , however , occur in the case of extensive ecological disasters , e.g. , nuclear accidents followed by radioactive fallout over large farming areas . 
  in such cases , it is probable that countries will first secure the food supply of their own citizens , before selling any surplus . 
  world market prices could rise significantly . 
  in the worst case , it would be difficult , or even impossible to purchase food on the world market . 
  these scenarios need to be taken into consideration by affluent , industrialised countries . 
  3.4 the global food situation enough food is available to meet the basic needs of each and every person in the world . 
  however , available food is neither evenly distributed nor fully consumed among and within countries . 
  as a result , approximately 840 million people in the developing world are chronically undernourished ( fao 1996 ) . 
  there are diverging views as to how the global food situation will develop . 
  some are optimistic that the future food supply will be assured through improved productivity , and that the warnings regarding environmental deterioration are exaggerated ( e.g. , johnson 1998 ) . 
  whereas others can be classified as cautious optimists , there are also those who fear that the world 's food production capacity will be limited ( e.g. , brown 1996 ) . 
  the uncertainty in the long run global food situation demonstrates the need for national food security strategies . 
  due to its substantial buying power , norway will easily be able to purchase enough food on the world market in a conceivable situation of a global food shortfall . 
  nevertheless , nou ( 1991a :312 ) claims that in such a situation it is both morally and politically necessary to maintain a high degree of national food production capacity . 
  the main emphasis in this context is not to be placed on the current food production , but rather on sustainable management of the potential food production resources . 
  features of a crisis like size and location , time horizon , time for warning prior to the occurrence of the crisis , and consequential damages on the production potential of a crisis ( e.g. 
  radioactive fallout ) have food security implications ( romstad et al. 
  the diverse crisis scenarios have different implications for the strategies needed to maintain food security . 
  ** tldr ; if something disrupts our food imports , and we dont produce enough food to even satisfy short term domestic demand we 'll be in a really bad situation . 
  seriously uat2d , food security . 
   the national commission on the bp deepwater horizon oil spill and offshore drilling released a final report on 5 january 2011 . 
  [ 305 ] [ 306 ] the panel found that bp , halliburton , and transocean had attempted to work more cheaply and thus helped to trigger the explosion and ensuing leakage . 
  [ 307 ] the report stated that `` whether purposeful or not , many of the decisions that bp , halliburton , and transocean made that increased the risk of the macondo blowout clearly saved those companies significant time ( and money ) . 
  they `` accidentally '' cut corners on safety , that saved them money ( at least in the very short run ) . 
  our current system for sanctioning privately held companies that operate dishonestly or irresponsebly seems inadequate . 
  last time i visited spain , i was within the space of a week , almost killed twice by speeding ambulances - probably on their way to the accident scenes caused by other speeding ambulances . 
  i love the food , climate and culture but im not sure i dare risk it all again . 
  call me a coward , but i prefer to wait it out in norway until the darkness of clinical depression or liver failure gets me . 
  well , australia was populated by criminals so deranged the brits ( a loose collective of horrible cunts , that use glass as a verb ) decided it would be better to deport them to a remote island on the other side of the earth . 
  this has had an interesting effect on local wildlife . 
  in australia , nature it self has had enough and has evolved . 
  animals are usually driven by biological imperatives to feed and reproduce . 
  in australia the primary biological imperative seems to be murdering humanoid bipeds . 
  i suspect the australian grand strategy is to mine enough coal to hasten climate change , and then escape into the coalmines , thus killing off the australian wildlife on the surface . 
  without anything to keep the australian population in check i suspect we will all be in deep trouble , but needless to say , these are exciting times for australian citizens . 
  edit : to any brits miffed about the rather spartan description - summarizing all the centuries of british bastardism in a rightious manner would take years , perhaps decades to accomplish . 
  suffice to say hitler should have thought twice about challenging your title as top arsehole of the known universe . 
  swedes and danes are essentially low-quality norwegians . 
  for the swedes this should be evident from their love of canned fermented fish and inability to find oil . 
  they still function more or less on the same fundamental principles as norwegians . 
  we live boring lives , we need something to talk about when we have said all there is to say about the weather . 
  even if the number is 50 people , it would not have any discernable effect on isis . 
  it would be a feel-good measure with little to no effect practical effect . 
  it would likely be expensive and have negative effects on the rest of finlands welfare resipients . 
  this does not strike me as a rational way of shaping social policy . 
   but do you feel it 's ok to fund terrorists fighting for isis from the finnish state welfare budget that is meant to help unemployed citizens ? 
  no , but the consequenses of this is so insignificant that its comical . 
  you could turn your welfare system upside down , and noone except 15 people in isis and all your welfare recipients would notice . 
  that is if those 15 all collect welfare , and are even alive . 
  this is not a much worse issue , as you claim , its a waste of time and resources . 
  around 15 finns have left to fight in syria - best to surgically implant electronic monitoring devices into everyone on welfare !, 
  cheer up mate , you 're still ahead of chile and mexico !, 
  so what you are saying in laymans terms is that : it will impede the negotiating parties ability to decieve eachother , and in addition , public opinion might get in the way ? 
  so they should be keept in the dark ? 
  that does not sound very democratic . . 
   reveling them before a final deal will irreparably damage both sides ability to negotiate . 
  how ? 
  they just dont want to say it out loud . 
  this is of course framed as `` freedom of choice '' instead . 
   even so , just her doing such a thing feels very patronising to me . 
  why ? 
   or should i say , her putting herself in that situation and allowing herself to be photographed is a big pr blunder on her part . 
  it would cause just as much drama if she told the reporters to go away . 
  it would also be somewhat impolite to turn down the offer . 
   is a big pr blunder on her part . 
  it became a big blunder because the media misrepresented what actually happend . 
   what was the point of her doing this ? 
  when officials visit , organisations usually want to demonstrate their capacity .
