   do n't they have blue or black elements on it ? 
  fuck do i know . 
  i thought i 've seen the white ones in some movie, 
   the all white cap is pretty unique , tought that one was from the navy ? 
  your personal experience is not a reliable source for gun-use in the entire us . 
  i dont know how much gangsters there are but the mass shootings i see on ( european ) tv arent commited by gangsters ... 
   most gun nuts i know have incredible respect for guns . 
  ` yuropean freedom !, 
  in all seriousness : what i know from it there are two main groups in ukrain : those in the west of ukraine who speak ukrainian ( i think ) and those in the east where some speak russian and where a ethnic-russian minority lives . . yanukovych represents the eastern ( russian-speaking ) part of ukraine that wants to be economically and culturally closer to russia while the ukranian part want to be independent and feel closer to the rest of europe . 
  these two parts are ( democratically ) fighting over power in the ukraine and when one side is in power the other side ends up in [ jail ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/yulia_tymoshenko ) . 
  ukraine is at a crossroad at the moment : the can either sign some treaty with the eu which is seen as a first step in becoming a member or they can join russia in a custom-union . 
  both russia and the eu are actively campaigning for ukraine to move closer to them since ukraine is at a strategic position both for transportation of gas from russia to europe and serves as a buffer between the eu and russia . 
  this is all iirc . 
   horrible sense of black humour oooooh . . you 'll fit right in . 
  oh , there are lots of fun ~ ~ otherwise illegal ~ ~ things to do in the netherlands !, 
  it 's worth the effort imho . 
  drank my frist wodka there . 
  now that i think of it , it was pretty questionable that our teachers gave that to a bunch of 14 and 15 year olds ... 
   sadly i ca n't suggest much say what ? 
  get him to riga !, 
  beautiful city . 
  at least , last time i was there . 
  we even slept in a ( sort of ? ), 
  castle in jaunpils , just south of the capital . 
  they have a beach and a huge water park there and friendly people + cheap and good local beers !, 
  be ready to get mocked though . 
  from my experience it is far more common in europe to make jokes about groups as a whole ( gypsies , germans , greeks etc. . ) than it is in the u.s. 
  i 've seen more than 1 american exchange students calling people racist and discriminating over some joke . 
  in daily life you wont see a gun except on the police . 
  you can own a gun but you need a permit and only few people have it . 
  you dont see guns the way you do in the us and people who own guns either need them professionally ( military , hunting ) or use them for sport ( subjected to heavy regulation ) . 
  some criminals have guns of course , but you rarely see small timers ( burglars \\ robbers ) . 
  they often find them in organised crime groups when they bust them . 
  i have never seen a gun expect on police men . 
  and in musea . 
  you have a weird impression of / r/europe, 
   maybe then we can try moving all of the european institutions into brussels , since there 's no longer any conflict between member states over their location , they 'll all be in neutral ground . 
  think is was decided that the benelux was the neutral ground for most european institutions . 
  its located between the great 3 and was a founding member ... do n't really see a reason to move everything to one city . . 
  ^ ^ ^ practise_makes_perfect, 
  did you get to the coffeetable tho ? 
  mood usually lightens up there ... 
   but then again , i 'm german and used to dubs . 
  i do n't really associate language with authenticity . 
  we always use subtitles in the netherlands . 
  i do n't understand how you can not see the loss of value for a movie when you dub it . 
  i often wonder how historic phrases like ` say hello to my little friend ! ', 
  or ' i made him an offer he could n't refuse ' sound in german or french ... 
  seems like it just wo n't be the same ... 
  nl totally not accepted . 
  the government has a monopoly on violence and you can only own a gun if you 're in the military or if you have a permit . 
  there are strict rules for ownership . 
  guns and ammo have to be in seperate , secure places . 
  most people who own guns for the sport keep them at the gunclub . 
  since a few years mandatory psychologicall backgroundchecks for a permit have been intensified . 
  socially it is frowned upon and people like to think that the netherlands is gun-free . 
  i hate it when they make movies set in europe and make the charactars speak english . 
  like valkyrie or so ... just makes me cringe . . no idea why . 
   but the most shocking thing i experienced was a funeral . 
  what do you mean ? 
  the one thing that binds us ... 
   die welle is actually on netflix ( as `` the wave '' ) they better not change the audio to english ... 
  did n't really get that movie the first time . 
  but my parents explained that southern france does n't like the north . . 
  they feel that the southern way is the french way , or something . 
  the netherlands ( from mid 90 's until now ) so i was wondering how the education systems work in different european countries . 
  so i though of a few questions that i want to ask . 
   at what age do children normally start going to school ? 
  i think school is mandatory from the age of 4 . 
  voluntary ( daycare ) before that . 
   how long do they stay there ? 
  i 've heard 12 or 13 years of school in different countries . 
  i started at 4 and am still studying . 
  primary school is 7 years minimum , then 4 , 5 or 6 years of middle / high school ( depends on your level ) and then you ether start working or go to a university . 
  these last for 4 or 5 years without delay . 
   how is the process split up ? 
  is it elementary -  middle -  high school or is there a different division ? 
  i heard there 's something called college in the uk . 
  ( daycare / kindergarten ) -  primary school -  middle school -  university , university of applied sciences or mbo  is education free?or is it free to some point and then paid ? 
  are there both public and private schools ? 
  almost all schools are charter schools . 
  they get money from the goverment and have to subject to tests . 
  we have many different primary schools ( catholic , non-religious , ` steve jobs schools ' etc. . ) . 
  it says in the constitution that everyone is free to choose the education they want their kid to have . 
  thats why every school in the country gets the same test ( cito ) . 
  for benchmarking different types of education . 
   is education obligatory ? 
  if so to what point , to which grade is it obligatory ? 
  yes . 
  obligatory until you are 21 or if you have a degree before that . 
   do the pe classes include something like swimming or are they just a class to pass some time ? 
  school swimming is in decline . 
  my parents generation all learned to swim in school . 
  now most schools do n't offer this anymore and parents have to teach their kids ( by bringing them to swimming lessons , not teaching themselves ) . 
  some schools still have it tho , it 's up to the school . 
   are children obligated to read books and/or do homework during vacation ? 
  sometimes . 
  normally we did n't but sometimes tests were planned in right after vacation so you had to . 
  not durnig summer vacation tho . 
   speaking of vacations , what are the vacations like ?
