  so , yes . 
  i 'd say that israel is waaaaaay closer to europe than to it 's neighbours . 
  marocco was rejected because it is not a democracy , occupies land ( arguably ) and simply does n't bring anything to the table . 
  the ` not in europe ' argument was simply the easiest one in terms of politics . 
  the eu would , imo , benefit from canada ( and israel ) joining in . 
  to be honest i see no harm in diversifying europe . 
  i think the eu would benefit from letting new , fully developed countries join . 
  especially israel is very innovative !, 
   bad idea . 
  canada is not europe . 
  well we would be the first 'em pire ' in the european history to not expand because of that . 
   the political system and therefor political grievances is almost identical to the british system ehhm . . forgive my ignorance but does n't the us use the british system fptp as well ? 
   people in canada are actually quite different than europeans i think most of the ( north-western european countries ) share more with canada than with some other countries in the eu . 
   it 's football , not politics . 
  but it does show that israel is closer to europe ( politically , cultural , wealth etc. . ) than it is to any of the country it borders . 
  why is n't cyprus considered europe ? 
  i was always thaught that the geographical term ` europe ' reached until the caucasus . 
  istanbul was the capitol of the roman empire for almost 1000 years . 
  it was the most influential and largest city in europe that time . 
  we might disagree with turkey 's politics or what ever . 
  but if you zoom out and look at europe from 500 b.c. 
  ~ 1500 a.d. then turkey has as much right to join the eu than any other country , imho . 
   uk and france and denmark , the netherlands . 
  even the roads keep murdering my bicycle tires ... 
  i had to look up what gendarmerie is and it turns out my country has one as well . 
  in the netherlands it is called the [ koninklijke marechausse ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/royal_marechaussee ) . 
  all they do in the netherlands is border security and customs . 
  but since we are in the schengen area they can only be found at the larger air - and seaports . 
  besides that they protect improtant buildings ( royal buildings , the central bank etc. . ) and they help with garding the eu borders in greece ( frontex ) . 
   do you prefer or dislike your system and why ? 
  you almost never see the dutch gendarmerie on the streets doing regular police work so i do n't really care if we have on or that the regualr police does it ... do n't really prefer one option or the other allthough it would be pointless to change the system since it seems to work . . 
  you are right . 
  i did n't count vatican city , monaco , san marino , liechtenstein and andorra since they have about 200k citizens combined . 
  and neither did i still count kazakhstan as ` europe ' but apparently its most western part is in europe . 
  ( til ), 
  half seems a bit much . 
  even if you extend europe to the kaukasus there is only 17 countries that are not in the eu . 
  same here ( and everywhere i guess ) . 
  only when i have to specifically describe the symbol i will use the word ` apenstraatje ' . 
  for a country that spent 40 years under a repressive communist regime you are doing pretty good now i 'd say . 
   it 's more of a waving your dick around thing . 
  [ and we know where that leads ] ( http://www.worldpropertychannel.com/news-assets/bankia-spain-kio-towers-in-madrid-spain-wpcki.jpg ), 
  not if they visit your first ... 
  this is in moscow ? 
  holy shit . . 
  this is something else than the grey flats i always see on the dutch television ... 
  i love how / r/europe always seems to sort of punish suisse and norway by not adding them in a map or graph about europe . 
  let me guess : the western part of ukrain says snail and the eastern part uses dog ? 
   who uses ` apenstaartje ' though ? 
  everyone says many people say ` at ' , so actually the map is inaccurate . 
  it is not . 
  ` at ' is n't another word for apenstaartje but it is used as it is meant to : to specify a location . 
  same like you would say : ` the woman is at the restaurant ' . 
  you use it to specify a location and when talking e-mail adresses you use it so say at what location ( server ) the e-mail adress is from . 
  well it is better to have two unreliable suppliers than one . 
   do you know how fucking complex it is to build such pipeline ? 
  i assume no more or less than the pipelines we have allready built . 
   changing our energy systems will take centuries it wo n't . 
  if you have one supplier of something and he is holding is over your head then you get another supplier . 
  the map shows planned pipelines to turkemenistan . 
  they should just split one there and start buying iranian gas in order to push russia back . 
  the iranian have the [ largest natural gas field ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/south_pars_/_north_dome_gas-condensate_field ) in the world . 
  and we are not using it . 
   we should be disbanding nato . 
  someone has n't been following the news lately . 
   what is exactly bothering you ? 
  well he is not really reporting objectively . 
   ** the netherlands **  the entire nation got a raging boner because we were relevant again and obama said nice things . 
  this . 
  our public broadcaster spent a 3 hour live broadcast on obama visiting the country and giving a 3 minute speech . 
  the chinese president singed billions worth of contracts and the japanese pm was talking about investing in aggriculture but i think our public broadcaster forgot about it . 
  or not :d, 
  mhhh ... you seem to be right . 
  altough those were part of another country until 20 years ago or so . 
  i do n't think there is a country in europe that has a muslim majority or a history based on muslim beliefs like most of the european countries have ? 
  crimea has a population that considers themselves more close to russia than to the protestors in kiev . 
  that , plus the fact that russia never really knew why crimea went to ukraine in the first place in the 50 's or so . 
  russia also has a naval base and other economic and military interests in crimea . 
  we will have to completely change the way our country thinks about prostitution . 
  it is from the * eu * parliament . 
  lmao . 
  what keynes says is : spend during economic downtime and cut the budget during economic uptime . 
  politicians always call for spending durnig an economic crisis . 
  but then when the crisis is over . 
  no one ever wants to say out loud that the spending still has to be paid for ... greece lived like it was germany post-2000 without earning the same income that germany did . 
  they are not paying now for the austerity . 
  they are paying for what they allready spent in the last 10 years . 
   `` this has already been effective in countries with higher levels of gender equality , such as sweden , while countries which have legalised prostitution , such as the netherlands and germany , are increasingly realising that they got it wrong . '', 
  euhm who is realising we are wrong ? 
  never heard anything about this proposal nor about us apparently realising we have it wrong ... 
  i never said that i look down on it . 
  just saying no one seems tot care outsidd of the us and canada . 
  latin america , australia , n-z are all immigration countries but afaik it is is nog a big an issue there . 
  me to . 
  sometimes americans or canadians come to / r/netherlands and ask about stuff because they 're 1/16th dutch or their great-great grandfather on their mothers side was . 
  i do n't think the ` my family comes from there and there ' is very important outside the us/can . 
  hey look another article depicting russia as a bureaucratic , currupt dictatorship without naming any sources for the claims they make . 
  but apparently the author has inside connections to the kerlim . 
  lmao . 
  i loved it .
