  wait , what ? 
  yes - but a slovak recently told me that when they split the country they split is on the linguistic border . 
  so there is a difference i guess . 
  they speak different languages ... for one . . 
   ok firstly , the jsf was not designed to replace the b-52 as a bomber . 
  the 52 's are staying in service up to 2050 if need be . 
  fair enough . 
  but my point was that they wanted one aircraft for the tasks now performed by different aircraft . 
   i understand the basis of the jsf , and yet the feasability of developing three versions of one aircraft to be a 5th generation stealth multi-role aircraft is far higher than that of developing three seperate 5th generation single-role aircraft . 
  this might be the case . 
  or it might not . 
  i do n't know that so i 'll have to believe you . 
  but even if true this only counts for the u.s. . we ( the netherlands ) and others partners in the project need only one type aircraft . 
  we do n't have a navy with an own air force etc. .  to describe the plane as mediocre is idiotic . 
  it 's got optronics far in advance of any aircraft flying excepting the f-22 , and in some regards it 's superior . 
  it 's stealthier than any aircraft flying again excepting the f-22 . 
  this idea that multi-role aircraft are n't any good is absurd . 
  this is all on paper . 
  it has not flown in service yet and it will take many more years before it will . 
  also : the pilots are complaining that they ca n't look behind them . 
  this ca n't be fixed with reverse engineering . 
   there 's a lot of very uninformed nonsense going around about the f-35 , largely based off people who 've read the equally uninformed idiot journalists who slam the f-35 without any real understanding of modern fighter aircraft . 
  it is not about the aircraft . 
  i 'm sure you can buy a good aircraft for those billion dollars . 
  it is also about how partner projects and even u.s  congress has been tricked into developing this plane . 
  they made false promises about the cost , about the jobs it would create and they shamelessly lobby for their own good . 
  we wanted to buy 85 planes . 
  due to rising cost it will be 37 . 
  lol and the funny part : we have absolutely no tasks for our military that could n't be done with upgraded f-16 's and drones . 
  hehe . 
  but it is only taxmoney , right ? 
  postponing economic downturn is like blowing bubbles with chewing gum . 
  the longer you blow in to it the harder the snap will be . 
  fine that you do n't care , but do you understand the potential for abuse here ? 
  the risk of someone abusing the power the nsa has for a personal agenda by far outweighs the few deaths by terrorism you can prevent . 
  and , lets be honost , there are no terrorist hiding in the board rooms of brazillian state companies . 
  they are using the espionage to gain economic advantage and postpone the decline of the american economy . 
  oh my child ... that is nowhere near what they do . 
  indeed , there is no task force that watches you . 
  you are not a person of interest . 
  but . 
  who says you wo n't be in ~ 15 years ? 
  maybe you run for office in your country or you gain influence in the private sector . 
  they do n't know who will be a person of interest in 15 years from now and who wo n't . 
  that 's why they save a profile on everyone . 
  every facebook post , whatsapp , tweet , private text . . every nude snapchat ever sent by anyone will be in their database . 
  and when you , or anyone else , runs for office or so in your country they have blackmail material on everyone . 
  latvian ~ ~ president ( or pm ) ~ ~ prime minister : i would accept this law if you do n't want the nude photo 's your daughter snapchatted leaked to the press ' . 
  ' i would n't oppose us if you do n't want your phone calls with your wife discussing your kids public ' . 
  now , you do n't have to go ukraine and start waving flags in the streets ... just think a bit more serious about this subject next time ... 
  many countries in the past have fallen for it . 
  i guess privacy is allright from the perspective of a former soviet country ... 
  i would n't oppose to forming a central european super-state with the netherlands , flanders , niedersachsen , nr-w , hessen , luxembourgh and rheinland-pfalz . 
  someone even proposed this after wwii in order to take the industries away from german command . 
  but the americans disagreed . 
  all of europe is splitting and joining together . 
  just go ahead !, 
  do as big ostrich and burry your head in the sand !, 
  it is . 
  the largest have all blocked it . 
  i 'm a member of a smaller , less-known isp and i can access tpb . 
  no one talks about it tho out of fear the dutch mpaa will sue them as well, 
  then perhaps we should n't go to afghanistan and iraq anymore . 
  we used bushmasters there anyway . 
  we even have some more tanks for you !, 
  do you need some patriot missiles as well ? 
  or the f-35 ; very cheap price now for great plane !, 
  we also sell non-used trains if you want . 
  the point is that the americans wanted one new generation of airplanes for all purposes . 
  now they use the f-16 in the airforce , the f-18 in the navy ( flightdeck-ships ) and b-52 for bombing etc. . . 
  the idea here was that the new aircraft could do all these things and be used by all the branches of the u.s. military . 
  the ` joint ' in joint strike fighter does n't mean the other nato countries that help developing it but it means the different branches of u.s. military working together to develop one plane . 
  however , since all the branches have different needs ( navy : stol . 
  air force : long range / flexibility etc. . ) the plane has indeed become mediocre at everything in stead of being brilliant at one specific task . 
  holy shit i just agreed with a greek on the subject of spending public money . 
   sigh . 
  europeans . 
  stereotyping americans based on movies and news stories since forever . 
  oh , so this url links to a movie trailer ? 
  haha , i thaught an american was trying to sue the \u00d6bb in real life ... ^ ^ / / sarcasm, 
   it helps build a credit profile and shows lenders that you 're able to use credit responsibly and you are n't a credit risk . 
  therefore , when you go to take credit ( i.e. 
  a mortgage ) your interest rates will be significantly lower , saving you loads of money . 
  we have the [ bkr ] ( http://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/bureau_krediet_registratie ) wich means bureau of credit registration . 
  they keep a file on every dutch person . 
  banks , lenders and other companies have to do a credit-check at the bkr before they are allowed to lend out money to people . 
  every dutch person has a ` credit profile ' there . 
  this bureau 's goal is to make sure people do n't take out too much loans and financially drown themselves . 
   `` cashback '' are bonuses given to you for spending . 
  for example , on my amex card ( the only card i could transfer over to the uk for various reasons ) , i get 1.25 % of every purchase immediately refunded to my account . 
  if you do the math , that means i only have to spend ~ # 2000 annually on the card to match the annual fee . 
  anything over that is a refund . 
  they 're given to incentivise spending , but as long as you keep your spending habits unchanged , you can definitely use it to your advantage . 
  when you pay with debit cards , on the other hand , you 're not building up any credit or getting any sort of rewards for your spend . 
  because our debit cards are issued by banks and not by payment-services companies they build in incentives to save money in stead of spending it . 
  and individual shops have loyalty programs like airmiles etc. 
  i 'm surprised at turkey . . 
  what 's cashback ? 
  and what is the advantage over directly paying from your bank account than taking a loan and paying that off at the end of the month ... ? 
   visa is a rather uncommon type , usually only for credit around here .
