  and i say this not because of nationalism , but because i sincerely believe that it would just be too big . 
  i think that what most people that are in favour of a use seem to not think about the consequences of having one government for 500 million + people . 
  i do n't know how this goes in bigger countries like france or germany , but in the netherlands , despite having 17 million inhabitants , has some social control . 
  in dutch we have the phrase `` maatschappelijke onrust '' . 
  freely translated : `` social commotion '' . 
  it is a phrase used when ` the people ' do n't agree with something . 
  and when this happens you immediately see unions , the media , experts and other actors/stakeholders standing up and trying to influence the policy . 
  this prevents politicians and the government from proposing legislation that companies lobbied for . 
  there is no such thing in europe . 
  we do n't have european unions or a european media . 
  every country has its own media that focuses on domestic policy , eu politicians from their own country and eu legislation that affects them . 
  if you look at the us you can see what happens when you put a government far away from its people . 
  businesses sweep in to lobby for their own good , politicians do n't seem to care about protests and there is no social control . 
  and this last one is the most important for me . 
  in the eu we are already seeing the kind of lobbying we see in the us . 
  french companies like veolia , suez environment and others tried to lobby the eu commission to mandate all nation states to privatize their water supply . 
  and they had the [ french eu commissioner for internal market ] on their side . 
  i 'm sure it is merely a coincidence that the companies could provide such services when governments have to outsource it . 
  you might also remember that the euro parliament [ tried to ban ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/lifeandstyle/2013/may/23/olive-oil-producers-rage-european-u-turn ) refillable bottles for olive oils in restaurants . 
  this was stopped because it happened to gain coverage in national media in multiple countries . 
  but legislation like these , micro-managing the eu from brussels , are passed on a daily basis . 
  or look at the enormous amount of subsidies that the eu gives to farmers . 
  nearly half of the eu budget goes to farmers . 
  and changing it is impossibly . 
  french farmers will simply drive their tractors into paris and force the french government to veto any change . 
  and look : [ eu becomes world 's top food exporter ] ( http://www.dw.de/eu-becomes-worlds-top-food-exporter/a-17730965 ) . 
  meanwhile the big companies are laughing there ass of : they produce so much food that they can use the subsidies they get to export it for dump-prices . 
  the top 10 of subsidy recievers in france contains multi-nationals like [ doux ] ( http://www.observatoiredessubventions.com/2012/principaux-beneficiaires-de-la-pac/ ) , a huge industrial chicken company . 
  and i 'm afraid that lobbying efforts like these will continue to grow if we give the eu more power . 
  and then it will become increasingly hard to stop it from happening . 
  look at the us and net neutrality . 
  the isps lobbied the government to install their own head lobbyist as the head of the regulatory agency . 
  and despite pretty much the entire internet and organisations like the eff protesting ; they ca n't do much . 
  so : no , i am not in favour of creating a united states of europe ( in disregard of the poorly chosen name ) . 
  i like my country the way it is actually and i 'm not willing to bet it all . 
   i thought you cared ? 
  did n't you just say earlier in the thread that you wanted the uk to stay in the eu ? 
  i do . 
  i meant that the general population , our politicians and media do n't . 
  and i think this is the same in other countries . 
  the ` we will leave ' is more or less ignored or seen as an empty treath  this speech summarises cameron 's vision on the eu . 
  is this something you back ? 
  i 've seen it before . 
  it is a good speech and vision but it is not what is needed . 
  people ( average harry ) are n't interested in reading long speeches . 
  they want one-liners and popular statements . 
  the germans and french ( and other supporters of a federal eu ) are constantly using one-liners like `` without a banking union the euro will fail !, 
  '' , `` more authority to brussels is needed for a strong eu '' , `` we need the eu to not be overrun by china and india ! '' . 
  of course , none of these statements are true . 
  we never had a banking union and we did fine from 1998 until 2008 . 
  also , it is not the euro as such that is costing us money . 
  it is countries like the piigs who are costing us money . 
  the euro is seen as reason why we should help these people but it really is n't . 
  the reason we helped greece was to save our owns banks . 
  the euro would n't have collapsed if greece went bankrupt , the banking system would . 
  but because these one-liners are repeated in the media constantly people are starting to believe it . 
  and the only one-liner they see from the brits is : `` britain will leave if we do n't get our way '' . 
  so in stead of constantly reminding everyone to leave you should launch a counter campaign that people can relate to . 
  `` a strong eu is an eu with strong nation states '' , `` no to a united states of europe , yes to cooperation '' . 
  just keep repeating `` with more authority for brussels the eu will end up like the usa '' . 
  that should get people 's blood pumping . 
  who cares if it is n't 100 % the truth . 
  you need to present yourself as the a country that wants to be in europe but not in an use , rather than presenting yourself as a troubled kid that will run away from the house if he does n't get his way . 
  anyway . 
  seems like cameron is going true with the referendum and all , too bad . 
   but you do n't understand exactly what they 're saying . 
  does n't matter just keep going straight ahead . 
  english is very hard for us . 
  i can never really figure out i should refer to someone as an englishman or a brit . 
  so i went with european and woke up in a hospital 5 hours later . 
  well the problem with the whole debate is that it is framed as a ` yes , lets go for an federal state ' or ` no , leave the eu ' . 
  these seem to be the only two options when you listen to dutch politicians . 
  the whole debate regarding the euro / the eu is so stupid it looks like an american debate over gun ownership . 
  it 's embarrassing . 
   and as a brit , while i agree with what you say , you government needs to start backing us publicly , in open , if you want us to stay . 
  wanting us to stay is not going to be enough any more . 
  britain feels isolated in europe because countries like the netherlands do not back us publicly . 
  i do n't know how british media sees it but in the netherlands it has come to the point where people are so annoyed with cameron 's public rants that they do n't even care anymore . 
  and to be honest : ever since the uk did n't join the euro people forgot about the european ` triangle ' ( uk , france , germany ) and focus on the french-german aspect of leadership in the eu . 
  cameron behaves like a kid who is n't allowed candy and then continually threatens to run away from the house . 
  in stead of constantly reminder everyone that the uk will leave ( seriously , no one cares if you do . ), 
  you should create a vision of your own eu ( more subsidiarity , letting eu focus on global issues or whatever you want ) . 
  i am pretty much a news junkie and i 'm interested in politics but i seriously do not know what the fuck britain wants . 
  you rant against juncker , but why ? 
  like it mattered if barosso was the eu commission president or someone else . 
  the german sollution to our problems seems to be more eu . 
  what is the british solution . 
  because britain leaving is only a solution to you . 
  not to the rest of europe . 
  so there is no point in publicly back that . 
  as a dutchman : please dont leave . 
  you the only country that could go against the german-french line that is currently our most likely future . 
  if you abandon ship we are surely heading to a use . 
  even though you ca n't tell from the people here : a vary significant share of europeans are * in favour * of european cooperarion but do n't want to become a federal state . 
  without britain that vision loses it 's most important spokesman . 
   we 've earned it . 
  ok . have fun pretending to be in the middle of the atlantic rather than off the coast of france . 
  as seem all the other federalists when you see the voting patterns here . . 
  / r/europe is for europeans . 
  maybe you are better off in / r/europeanfederalists,
