  that might be but it is no secret that turkey is also bombing the kurds while they are the us ' most important ally on the ground . 
  shits clusterfucked up . 
  kurdistan is n't just in iraq . 
  not really , but i do think ( at this point in time ) syria is better off having * some form * of a stable power structure in part of the country . 
  lets not forget that iraq had a relatively good army and stable power structure that the americans tried to take down and rebuild . 
  as you see : rebuilding that takes time . 
  a lot mot than 10 years . 
  so at this point in time i think removing assad would only make it worse for syria . 
  ah ok . makes sense . 
  still no kurds though , but that would alienate turkey i guess ... 
   if i understand correctly , us wants turkey , sa , syria and russia at the table ? 
  weird that they would n't invite any of the other parties that actually have boots on the ground : the kurds and the iranians . 
   because germany has been such a monumental help , so far . 
  yeah , fucking germany : lies to the entire world to invade syria , disposes of assad , disbands the syrian army and then just fucking * leaves * and is suprised when radical muslims form a theocracy !, 
  lets blame germany . 
  yes but the vag / vw group consists of several auto manufacturers while the samsung group builds everything from skyscrapers to tanks to ships . 
  much more diverse . 
  not that it matters ... ( a lot ) . 
   they 've only trained `` four or five '' . 
  no no . 
  they only have ** four or five left on their side ** . 
  the rest is either dead or teamed up with isis . 
  [ click 1 ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/middleeast/syria/11882195/us-trained-division-30-rebels-betrayed-us-and-hand-weapons-over-to-al-qaedas-affiliate-in-syria.html ) , [ click2 ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/sep/23/us-trained-rebel-officer-syria-defected-al-qaida ) , [ click3 ] ( http://www.dailystar.co.uk/news/latest-news/467098/vladimir-putin-isis-claims ), 
   basically giving him license to murder his people . 
  no offense but if i saw a group of muslim rebels coming to my capital and isil was one of them : i 'd fucking throw everything i got agianst them , too . 
  they would 've executed every non-sunni person in that fucking place . 
  it would be like the russians arriving in berling in ' 45 . 
  as much as i despise assad and his regime : you ca n't really call him a ` murderer ' . 
  it is war : if he is a murderer so is your army and president . 
  you started this mess to begin with . 
  they already had one . 
  they had software on their mobile devices that would overclock the cpu when it detected a benchmark was being executed . 
  btw , this is samsung electronics . 
  most media tends to forget that ` samsung ' is a group of ( very diverse ) companies . 
   it took only a few days or maybe even hours for vladimir putin to make up his mind regarding the future of crimea . 
  how does the author now this ? 
  perhaps it has been carefully planned since 2009 , who knows . 
  maybe we will never know . 
  i wonder why , if the author has sources close enough to putin to know this has to speculate about the other things ... 
   i 'd agree that spain 's cheese variety could rival if not surpass that of the netherlands , wut . 
   latinos are the largest racial group . 
  there is now more latino people than white people in california ? 
  what is it with people thinking that more eu is the solution to everything ??? 
  can someone please explain this to me ? 
  greece crisis - more eu !, 
  south europe job crisis - more eu !, 
  refugee crisis - more eu !, 
  trump president - more eu !, 
  where the hell is this coming from ? 
  seems totally legit since italy has enough money to spend on anything they want . 
  global trade impact ? 
  they are a few sandbanks that are only important because of the oil underneath it . 
  global trade will be fine . 
  the us has hundreds of islands and sandbanks everywhere , i guess china can have a few . 
  dispute then ... 
  how is that our fight ? 
  could you please stop doing fireworks on 4th of july then ? 
  it is offensive to europeans who experienced war 80 years ago . 
  it makes them think your firebombs mock our war . 
  kthx . 
  this is basically the discussion . 
  yes in the past every white person was racist . 
  they also used to hate gay people ( up until waaaay more recently ) . 
  does that mean we ca n't dress up as drag queens and excessive gay people anymore ? 
  fuck no mate , we still do . 
  what is ` life ' in germany ? 
  really for life or 25 years or so, 
  local politicians tend to take credit when the eu does things that people like . 
  they also quickly point up when something fails . 
  i think my parents ( only 50 y/o now ) went to segregated schools as kids . 
  she once told me that boys and girls had different routes they should take to school , so they did n't interact . 
  and that was in ` progressive ' netherlands , not so long ago . 
  i 'm not in favour of it , but come on , it 's not the end of the world , lol . 
  pretty sure my parents do n't have messed up worldviews or whatever . 
  this is so , so , so , stupid . 
  there is no explanation . 
  they are dodging paying taxes to the government ... 
  so that they can pay out more profit to their shareholder . 
  which is the government !!!!, 
  someone please explain this !? 
  unless that 1more seat does n't come from one of those parties . 
  probably the same for the economy but more conservative socially . 
  pvda wo n't go into government . 
  they 've been decimated . 
  and very unlikely , probably christian conservative with rutte on economics . 
  http://peilingwijzer.tomlouwerse.nl/p/laatste-cijfers.html this is the _ average _ of all polls . 
  he is in second place . 
  do n't handpick a poll that fits your narative . 
  he is in 2nd place in the polls , lol ... 
  very possible, 
  first time voter for gl tomorrow . 
  i usually vote d66 and i still like them a lot but after the last 4 years we can use more left . 
  that 's okay though . 
  as long as erdogan can shout that he is the sole defender of turkish culture bla bla and our politicians will do the same . 
  they both have elections and both use this to show how they will fight for turkey/nl . 
  refugee 's would still land on greek islands . 
  even with the best navy in the world . 
   eu wide stand of solidarity with the dutch . 
  nah mate , there 's about 2 million refugee 's waiting in turkey . 
  europe will stfu in return for turkey not sending them all to greece .
