  seems pretty understandable . 
  the more i read about the eu , the nsa working with eu agencies etc. 
  the more i envy the swiss and their direct democracy ... * lets join the eu : [ lolnope ] ( http://www.europa.admin.ch/themen/00499/00505/00605/index.html?lang=en ), 
  and we wo n't have any of the problems that come with the nsa because we elect our eu-president and representatives directly !, 
  ask the ddr . 
  if there is one thing the nsa has thaught me is that an agency like that will do anything in their power agianst regulations and checks and balances . 
  i 'd rather have 27 smaller nsa 's than one big one . 
  cameron should hurry up with his referendum and get the uk out of the eu . 
  of course most people are n't fluent in english , but that 's not the point . 
  also , speaking is only a small part of the english language , most dutch people can read and write better english than they speak . 
  most people in the netherlands can make themselves understandable in english and would not have a hard time adjusting to english as a first language if they should decide to move to an english-speaking country . 
  very , very , very succesfull !, 
  ( the last 70 years ) . 
  i do n't understand how , while in / r/europe , everyone looks at their own country . 
  look at europe for god sakes . 
  there are 50 countries in europe !, 
  i do n't even want to google how many languages are spoken in europe . 
  europe is the largest cultural , lingual and ethnic melting pot there is on earth . 
  i do n't think it would be this difficult . 
  the expertise on growing , producing and selling cannabis and desease control are already there . 
  they are needed to grow the amount of cannabis that is needed to feed the dutch cannabis market . 
  if the dutch government would allow all ( currently ) illegal growers to go legal without punishment etc. 
  you could get a professional growing scene very quickly . 
  combined with the currently allready available expertise on pest-control and other agricultural expertise ( greenhouses ) it would n't be too hard to control who grows and sells cannabis . 
  just like is being done with legal medicine producers . 
  what exactly would be the ` very difficult ' part of legilasation ? 
  and , what do you mean by :  i 'm forced to take away weed if i find any on a person are you a cop ? 
  actually it is a great misconception that cannabis is legal in the netherlands . 
  it 's not . 
  while the opium-law ( law of banned substances ) makes possession , sale or production of cannabis illegal . 
  the first two are not enforced . 
  you can buy cannabis is your 18 + at coffeeshops and the coffeeshops can sell it . 
  ** however ** the coffeeshops are * not * allowed to buy cannabis . 
  this results in a very large number of illegal growing sites and criminal organisations supplying the coffeeshops who are allowed to sell the weed . 
  even though everyone knows that the cannabis the coffeeshops sell has to come from somewhere , the police is spending money on tracking down and raiding production sites . 
  even weirder is that the dutch irs ( belastingdienst ) forces the coffeeshops to pay taxes over the weed they are not allowed to buy . 
  edit : yes , i think they should just legalise the entire supplychain and tax the stuff . 
  however , neighbouring countries like belgium , france and germany are agianst in fear of their citizens buying cannabis . 
  `` the dollar is weakening '' would be a better title since the strong euro is not a result of european economic policy but a result from fed , boe and boj policy . 
  any country more liberal than the netherlans will do . 
  why would you allow the gas to be exported ? 
  if you just use it in the us then you wo n't be dependend on russian gas for a longer time . . 
  the constitution . 
  we have had a lot of governments that did n't last more than 2 years . 
  i think we should implement the swiss system of representation combined with direct democracy . 
  in todays world there is absolutely no reason to not simply vote over controversial subjects . 
  sebrenica massacre ... black page for the dutch also ... 
  no they do n't account for 15 % of danish gdp . 
  they have a revenue that is equal to 15 % of danish gdp . 
  that is something different . 
  if you would use this method then rds would account for 88 % of the gdp of the netherlands . 
  i see maybe a thousand maersk containers come by over the tracks everyday . 
  no idea it was danish . 
  how do you type the ae thing ? 
  i know , just wanted to show that french is pretty widespoken outside europe . 
  german is n't tho ... ( perhaps a bit in s-america  ), 
  how hard is it to learn a totally different system of writing ? 
  i know english and german but those are all latin based languages . 
  i always thought americans were famous for having huge grocerie stores that sell everything ? 
  quick question : can you write in russian in both cyrillic and latin-based ? 
  is one equal to the other ? 
  til irish people have their own language . 
  lots of universities in the netherlands use english as first language . 
  there are also a lot of internationally operating companies and institutions in the netherlands that use english as their first language . 
   yes , but french and german are almost completely irrelevant outside of europe , whereas spanish is widely spoken in the americas . 
  is that truly considered by some parts of the swedish / fins ? 
  that is because norwegian and german are both germanic languages . 
  spanish however is romanic language . 
  ah , thank you . 
  i guess the same would go for finland is you did n't count swedish as a foreign language to them . 
  french ... 
  it says `` uk + ireland : first foreign language '' in the picture . 
  any nordics want to explain why norwegians and swedish choose to study spanish rather than german or french ? 
  no offense but german and french are significally more spoken in europe . 
  edit : wow , the netherlands has the most non-native speakers in english , german and french !, 
  reuters is n't opening here . 
  do n't know if it 's me or reuters . 
  but here is a mirror : http://news.yahoo.com/maybe-dont-poor-tired-huddled-masses-163114975.html, 
  i have nothing agianst turkey but it ai n't going to happen . 
  and here is why : you are too big . 
  turkey has 80 million inhabitants and this would lead to a big share of the votes within the european parliament and the european commission . 
  in the current situation only germany and france have this many votes and with brittian moving further away from the eu the power of germany and france grows . 
  germany and france are not going to give up their share of power to turkey , wich would be the largest eu country if they could join . 
  it 's too bad : a new , young and dynamic country with a growing economy would be a nice welcome in the current eu . 
  pretty much all dutch universities rank top 200 . 
  however , the highest ranking university in the netherlands is only placed 67th . 
  hats off to the uk . 
  euro mp : ` we 're not american . 
  we are not going to let the entire population down because of our ego 's . ', 
  i do n't know in what part of it you do , but there are a lot of vacancies in the brainport ( eindhoven ) region . 
  http://www.brainporttalentregion.com/ also , almost everyone speaks english , good salary , high living standard etc. . . 
  catholic dutch agrees with you !, 
  friet ftw !, 
  but the constant talk about it is actually hurting britain 's status in europe . 
  despite the referendum not being here yet the damage is already being done . 
  if britain decides to leave it will be all alone . 
  no euro , no schengen , no vote in any european matters . 
  the city will most likely be disadvantaged as the loudest voice agianst financial regulation has just voted to leave . 
  on the other hand . 
  if you vote to stay you will now be expected to stfu and get in line with europe .
