  do you think iraq is better off now than under saddam ? 
  assed might not be the answer but he is the best option syria has . 
  you have got to watch some other news sources than the anglo sources you have been reading . 
  i do n't see any possibilty for a more stable syria under a new regime . 
  the ` opposition ' is now alligned because they have a common enemy . 
  when assed is gone you 'll see the same as in libya , iraq and south-sudan . 
  the groups with the guns will enforce their will on the other groups . 
  even though this is totally unrelated : the ` opposition ' that the us wants to support in syria consists of radical muslims who want to create a facist theocratic state in syria . 
  i have absolutely no idea why anyone in the west would ever support that . 
  i do n't agree with putin often but in this case i think syria is better off with assad than some religeous nut . 
  did we just get beaten by germany ? 
  if there is one european initiative that could not be funded well enough it is the esa . 
  best to ask this in / r/askreddit with the title ` what do you hate about europe ' . 
  the misconceptions would flood in . 
  same could be said if you asked the other way around btw ... 
  how would / r/europe know what americans falsly believe about europe ? 
  i know this from when i was a kid . 
  not sure if its exactly the same though . 
  is that napoleon in the mediterranean ? 
  is this new in the uk / london ? 
  this has been around for years in the netherlands . 
  its called ` anti-kraak ' . 
  people can rent residents very cheaply because the owner wants to prevent squatting . 
  squatters are protected pretty good under dutch law and anti-kraak ( guardian ) has therefor grown a lot lately . 
  what is your actual question then ? 
  [ it 's a bit different in nl ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vereniging_martijn ), 
  classic european military, 
  we they do n't eat unhealthy ? 
  haha !, 
  omg !, 
  joke about drugs when the netherlands is the subject . . !!, 
  haha !, 
  why did n't i think of that ? 
  [ relevant ( dutch ) ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vaoxw5dzgjk ), 
  finally we beat them . 
  i feel bad for all the other countries . 
  well i think this link shows that denmark wants to use renewable energy . 
  and whatever your case , windturbines and solar panels are more durable than nuclear energy . 
  or did sweden fix the problem with the nuclear waste ? 
   you open the gates and you produce more power , you close them , and theres less . 
  too much logic for me . 
   buying it is apprently ok though . 
  well there is nothing wrong with nuclear power . 
  it is just that if something goes wrong at the plant then the consequences are disastrous . 
  it seems the danes avoided this by putting the plant in another country . 
  in electricity the supply * needs * to meet demand . 
  if one of the two is out of line then the grid fails and you get a black out . 
  if the danish windturbines produce electricity then , somewhere on the grid , another production facility ( hydro , nuke , coal ) has to decrease the supply . 
  this is regularely happening in the netherlands where entire facilities are shut down when windturbines ' production peaks . 
  i did not know that hydro power was so felxible . 
  i think we can use norwegian hydro power [ as well ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/norned ) . 
  we 're not part of that pool though . 
  thats just for the buying and selling of energy . 
  my question was : how to they manage to keep the supply and demand side balaned when wind seems pretty unpredictable to me ? 
  how do you cope with the relative fast fall of electricity production when it comes to wind ? 
  does denmark save the electricity or do you have other flexible electricity installations that can jump in when needed ? 
  `` the dutch government will rent-out the vacated cells as [ 3 star hotel rooms ] ( http://www.wereldpodium.nu/wp-content/uploads/2011/08/gevangeniscel.jpg ) in an effort to reduce the deficit '', 
  never heard of that website to be honoust . 
  besides , they do n't easily send you to prison in the netherlands . 
  most of the things you can end up in prison for in other countries are either legal , decriminalised or punished with a fine . 
  you have to do some weird shit to end up in a prison . 
  is it better now ? 
  `` dutch government threatens to kick out not-paying guests . '', 
  i get that labour camps ~ ~ are looked down upon ~ ~ are not being used anymore in europe but i myself have a hard time adjusting to a working ritm after summer vacation . 
  can you imaging how that must be for someone who comes out of jail where he has not worked for years ? 
  the weed-pass ? 
  outside the principle of a government telling me what i can and can not smoke it is utterly retarded to think that the dealers would n't come back . 
  we still honour him !, 
  in our anthem that is . 
  we wo n't be falling for that agian . 
  get your unemployed ^ down ^ ^ before ^ ^ you ^ ^ ^ enter ^ ^ ^ eu ... 
   alreadyisasecondofficiallanguage  _  only in friesland ... now that we are on the subject of regional languages : english is allready an official language in the regions saba , sint-eustatius and bonaire . 
  as is papiaments . 
  i would n't be surprised if we add english as a second official language in the foreseeable future . 
  last week the goverment started an expirement with 2-language primary schools . 
  kids will , besides regular english class , take some classes ( history , geography ) in english . 
  high schools allready offer this and results were promising . 
  kids who attend this kind of education speak better english and their knowledge of the dutch language does not seem to decrease ( decline ? ) . 
  got to keep up with those international labour markets . 
  thank you for explaining . 
  but still , the numbers suggest a more severe situation than there actually is . 
  so let me get this straight . 
  if you have a 100 people ( age 15 - 24 ) . 
  80 of them are in school . 
  10 have jobs and 10 are looking for jobs then your unemployment rate is 50 % ? 
  a lot are still in school and extending their study 's because there is no jobs available . 
  these people are registered as unemployed by eurostat . 
   well england usually pretends to be in the middle of the atlantic rather than off the coast of france ** when it comes to politics . 
  ** you forgot to read the entire sentence . 
  not many people in the eu want the eu to take on a leading military and economic superpower . 
  i have never understood why politicians in the us always talk about ` china rising ' like it is a problem . 
  they have 1.4 billion people living in their country . 
  it is not abnormal that they lay claim to more wealth and influence than they have now . 
  if with asian century you mean chinese century then you are probably correct . 
  but that 's just humanity . 
  during our history the power-balance always shifts . 
  the u.s. has been a super power since 1945 and the only super power since 1992 . 
  now it moves on to a different part of the world and in a 100 years it will shift somewhere else . 
  austria has been part of a great european power in the last century ... but nvm . 
  and , you are right .
