  actually , the netherlands did get to vote on it . 
  once . 
  and we voted no . 
  ( they did it anyway ) . 
  if you want to know why people are pissed . 
  think about this . 
  people are n't pissed at greece or the greek people . 
  we are pissed that we are in a monetary union with countries like greece and are now paying the price . 
   am i responsible for the debt and the dead ? 
  you are partly responsible for electing him a second time after he started two wars . 
  that 's something i ca n't even imagine . 
  our politicians usually die ( politically ) if they speak the possibility of going to war . 
   hourglass societies so we are waiting for everyone to be poor and then we flip the country , et voil\u00e0 ? 
  yeah i remember something from that year ... 
   the text also aims to lay down rules concerning network neutrality , the principle that internet providers may not discriminate against specific content . 
   however , the document leaves room for providers to do just that if they do it to `` implement traffic management measures '' . 
  it is this part in the article i am worried about . 
  such vague language seems to me to be the work of telecom lobbyist trying to keep a foot between the door for future \u00b4 interpretations \u00b4, 
  will this affect national net neutrality rules like the ones in the netherlands ? 
  ours is pretty strict and i 'd rather see no eu-wide net neutrality than a weaker one being forced on us . 
  can the eu overrule us here ? 
  i thought the eu already had net neutrality in place ? 
  never heard about it, 
  so not even 22 % of non-flemish in belgium speak dutch ? 
  excessieve borrowing is what caused the crisis . 
  haha, 
  i do n't know why you get downvoted . 
  you are right ... 
  i think they do n't want to go through the trouble with all the ruble fluctuations lately . 
  lmao wtf is a ` national tree ' supposed to be ? 
  we do n't call it belarus at all ... that 's only in english, 
  it 's in the news ... all the time ? 
  in nl different groups used to have their own newspapers , radio en tv channels . 
  they would watch content from their own group / ideology as you will . 
   there 's a theory its the facebook/twitter generation . 
  since they grew up controlling their daily facebook feed by unfollowing anything they dislike its manifesting now in real life with `` safe space '' . 
  sounds like a logical thought without any proof . 
  like people did n't read their own newspaper , watch their own tv/radio before apps and timelines ... 
   it 's even been blowing over to the netherlands . 
  like where ? 
  never heard of anything like this . 
  same here in holland ... http://nos.nl/artikel/2056830 they 're just asking everyone for golf war pt . 
  he might be an asshole , but i remember how everyone on reddit was scolding him for building a fence . 
  he was a cold-war dictator , a unhumane ruler et cetera ... 
  he must be laughing his ass off behind his fence now . 
  is n't this what boston did for like a week when one terrorist is on the run ? 
  seems logical if you know for sure he is out there somewhere . 
   the most expensive luxury resort in europe ** and the mediterranean region . 
  if i recall he was unofficially the last german to be allowed to smoke on tv . 
   the uk is nowhere near the middle of the atlantic . 
  they like to think they are , though , rather than off the coast of continental europe . 
  cool . 
  will check it out when i 'm home . 
  always in for some history, 
  first time i see someone including the brits as heart of europe . 
  everything the eu does is non binding . 
  lol . 
  these lobbyists are like fucking british mp 's trying to convince chamberlain to not put sanctions on germany because they would lose business . 
  all the idiotic emissions limit aside : global fucking warming is happening . 
  how is this even still debated . 
  wtf ? 
  dude , 99 % of meps do n't understand their own watch . 
  they rely on ` experts ' from the industry itself for knowledge . 
  holy . 
  shit . 
  we had one of the strictest net neutrality laws in the world and the eu just blew it all out . 
  no problem guys . 
  just go ahead . 
  we 'll write you another check next months . 
  #goeu / s, 
  32 % - 18 % for atheists ... we could live together ? 
  or maybe because the un is screaming for more money to even feed them ? 
  because there are millions and millions in concentrated in camps in jordan and turkey . 
  wtf do you expect . 
  for them to live in a tent in a desert in turkey without running water or food for years to come ? 
  dude , i would leave too . 
   has the openness resulted in better approaches to integration ? 
  not really . 
  our society is once again , [ pillarised ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pillarisation ) . 
  turks , moroccans and other minorities generally have their own social places ( cafes etc ) , own football clubs , own mosques and sometimes own schools . 
  most minorities of the 1st generation do n't have any contact outside their own group . 
  do n't know any dutch or english . 
  they have a dish to watch al-jazeera in stead of local tv . 
  me too . 
  i was baptisted and did communion and such for the roman church . 
  but that was mostly because of my grandparents and because i went to a catholic primary school . 
  that last one means we all did communion in second grade as part of school curriculum . 
  although most of us were envious of the protestant and muslim kids who got to play on the computer in the meanwhile . 
  we got back at them with gifts , though . 
  `` they can quickly build new housing with lego '' and `` we know this because mohamheads first pictures first found in copenhagen '' . 
  lol, 
   that existed , was called communism and the ussr you are weird . 
  the gas-profits definitely go to the general government here in nl . 
  as with other oil and gas fields . 
  it 's not communism , it 's common sense . 
   especially with all the organizations , workshops , grants , and endowments specifically to help women out in school and other areas of life . 
  what country are you living in ? 
  the telegraph makes a few mistakes in their article . 
  1 ) ade is not ' a festival ' . 
  it is a week in which many festivals and clubs host electronic music parties .
