  great show with ballet and other forms of music and dance . 
  i really liked the way they used to floor a some sort of real-time greenscreen . 
  the fireworks and the arial shots of the olympic village was insane . 
  looks great . 
  it is though, 
  usenet  torrent anyway . 
  eur 8 a month and you have an unlimited netflix for everything . 
  here is a fun fact : intouchables was filmed in the [ official residence ] ( http://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/h%c3%b4tel_d%27avaray ) of the dutch ambassador to france . 
  [ here are some pics ] ( https://www.google.nl/search?q=h%c3%b4tel+d%27avaray&amp;espv=210&amp;es_sm=93&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ei=vnfnuu_omsrb0qx4nogida&amp;ved=0caoq_auoag&amp;biw=1680&amp;bih=916 ), 
  this has to be the 1000th anglo article about france economically imploding and creating a financial black hole that will swallow us all . 
  yet france seems fine ... 
   i 'm still having trouble following you . 
  why would a syrian regime in particular change anything in the northern caucasus when acces to it can be provided via various other means ? 
  russia 's interests in syria are in regards to energy independence , nothing else . 
  energy is of course huge deal for russia . 
  but iran and syria are about the only countries left in the middle-east not tied to washington . 
  the us would love to overthrow assad ( only ally iran has left ) and replace it with a us-friendly , sunni , anti-iran regime . 
  that is of course not in the interest of russia . 
  and assad might be a brutal dictator but he has suppressed radical islam that is seen in other countries in the middle east . 
  a new ( sunni ) regime could be more relaxed towards radical islam . 
  especially since it is the radical groups that , at the moment , seem to be doing the heavy work . 
  putin want to make sure that does n't happen of course . 
   no , that 's the northern pipeline . 
  i 'm talking about the southern pipeline , going iran-iraq-syria and then via mediterranean reaching the eu market . 
  not to be condescending but iraq is n't the state you would want to rely on for energy supply anyway . 
  they could better just build and iran-turkey-eu pipeline ( or a bigger one if needed ) . 
   syria is as close to those muslims in the northern caucasus as netherlands is to former yugoslavia . 
  it a days drive . 
  this is relatively very close to russia . 
  close enough to smuggle stuff by car . 
   it intercepts the planned pipeline route that would make eu/west energy-independent of russia . 
  you mean the iranian - european pipeline for iranian gas ? 
  it does seem to benefit putin now but they might as well put that pipeline through turkey now . 
   yes , mostly due to russia 's unlimited supplies of weapons to the syrian regime . 
  the radical groups in syria get their weapons from countries like qatar and sa . 
  these are us backed regimes supplying weapons to isil and co. . of course russia had interests in syria , but do n't forget that syria is very close to the russia itself . 
  in the caucasus ( around sochi ) radical muslims have been fighting for a muslim state for years . 
  putin doens ' t want to have a sunni regime in syria with qatari funding that could support those groups in the caucasus . 
  besides that , how does syria make sure russia can keep supplying gas to the eu ? 
  i did n't mean they all wanted a radical muslim state . 
  better would be to say ` some parts of the ` oposition ' . 
  however , these parts are the groups that recieve funding from saudi arabia and qatar and have weapons to fight the regime . 
  since the fsa does n't anymore ( at least publically ) their roll has shrunk . 
  in the beginning people thought that syria would become another egypt or tunis but i think we can now all conclude that that wo n't be the case . 
   better the evil you know i suppose ? 
  how many political parties have been kicked out of parliament in the eu since the euro crisis started ? 
   anyway , i 'm going to sleep . 
  i 'm not going t argue any further with an idiot that thinks ` the opposition is united ' . 
  allright kid . 
  have fun watching fox news . 
   you say absurd things , that 's why i do n't think you know anything about this situation . 
  like , the opposition is aligned . 
  or , things like , `` assed is not simply a dictator , he represent the alawite minorty in the country . 
  the opposition is mainly sunni ... ''  like , what the fuck does that even mean ? 
  in islam there are different ` branches ' . 
  just like you have in christianity ( catholics , protestants etc. . ) the islam has sunni , shia islam and others . 
  the problem in syria is n't that it is simply people vs dictator but that there are different religious and ethnic groups who have different interests . 
   you did n't even bother to spell his name correctly ? 
  do you know what a dictator is ? 
  saddam hussein was a dictator , yet 30 % of the population was sunni and supported him . 
  exactly , and the same is true for assad . 
  simply because he is a dictator does n't mean the country would be better off without him . 
   jesus christ , you literally do know nothing about this conflict or the history of syria . 
  no one is proposing to give power to different rebels , that 's not what the geneva ii convention is about . 
  it 's about setting up a transitional government just for the short while so the syrians themselves can choose who to elect . 
  and how did that work out in iraq ? 
  and afghanistan ? 
  and libya ? 
  you think that when you hold an election that all ethnic and religious groups will put down the weapons and respect the outcome ? 
  that 's pretty na\u00efve . 
   holy shit , it 's like i 'm arguing with someone who just learned that syria is at a war . 
  holy shit , stop doing that . 
  makes you sound like a kid who sticks his fingers in his ears and yells when someone does n't agree with him . 
  yes , that one . 
  not the one where you borrow the money first . 
  anyway , since a few years it does n't cost money to use it and most stores accept it . 
  some stores even have pin-only check out lines and my school abondoned cash transactions all together . 
  i 'm not arguaing that the regime is any good . 
  i 'm just arguing that the opposition forces are no better . 
  assed is not simply a dictator , he represent the alawite minorty in the country . 
  the opposition is mainly sunni . 
  this thing did n't start because of an eleven year old boy . 
  just like ww1 did n't really start because they killed some prince . 
  of course things like torture and killing your own civilians ca n't go unpunished . 
  but funding religious groups to overthrow assad is only making things worse . 
  and please stop saying that no one but you knows anything about the subject and that only your arguments are valid . 
  makes you sound like a kid , imho . 
  you think you are qualified to judge a regime because you spend some time reading american news sources and / r/syriancivilwar ? 
  did those same news sources tell you there were mwd 's in iraq ? 
  or that the taliban had anything to do with 9/11 ? 
  look at it from another side sometimes : [ link 1 ] ( http://presstv.com/ ) & [ link 2 ] ( http://en.ria.ru/ ) . 
  it is very common in the netherlands to use a pin card ( debit card ? 
  i think ? ) . 
  i never use cash to be honest . 
  only when i 'm in a cafe or another small business that does n't accept a pin card yet . 
  you really have to put things in perspective . 
  saudi-arabia , qatar , uae they are all ran by dictators . 
  and the us supports them . 
  the us even tortures people themselves ... 
  so before you jump into another ` liberation ' of some middle eastern country ; is it really worth it .
