  erdogan using us to create conflict for his own referendum seems part of the price . 
  fair enough for me . 
   never they are far above 10 % in the polls ... 
  they are only cutting on stuff that is out of control . 
  they are actually relaxing the budget a bit , to a 0.3 % deficit or so . 
  other parties are plunging back to -2 % or more ... 
  why would we actually * safe * some money when times are good in stead of spend * it all * . 
  we got one too , for the first time in 10 years !, 
  only 200 million and the political parties are already shouting about spending is immediately . 
  ca n't you just make a big thread where every top lvl comment has to be a cartoon ? 
  good . 
  i like greek people and have nothing against the country but i do n't want the eu to evolve into something resembling the us where the 10 richest states perpetually give billions of dollars in welfare money to states that ca n't keep up . 
  greece borrowed the money . 
  greece lied about it . 
  greece should just default . 
  argentina did it too , it sucks , but they 'll live . 
  you ca n't blame your dealer for your addiction . 
  waterfalls of the netherlands :, 
  imagine the movie troy but it lasts 6 hours and 4 of them is brad pitt on a ship , waiting while sailing the sea . 
  =d i 'm reading the dictators handbook now ( recommend ! ), 
  but will give it another try !, 
  is the lengty stuff all throughout the book or just in the beginning ? 
  do n't worry about spoilers , i 'm sure everyone has seen or read this story in one form or another . 
  i do n't think dubai has mandatory headscarf for all women . 
  tried reading this once , it was just pages and pages listing inventory for warships and stuff ;d, 
  jesus that is really high . 
  so out of all people that can and want to work 1/5 ca n't find a job ? 
  what are they all doing ? 
  greece did n't want to borrow that much in 2010 ? 
  what about 2000 ~ 2010 ? 
  and yes , spain also lied , and yes there spain also fucked it 's economy over and is now still in trouble . 
  germany borrowed a lot , but invested wisely and now reaps the fruits . 
  let us not pretend that there is anyone at fault for the situation in greece except for greece . 
   remember all the people on this subreddit who defend austerity and said greece must pay back it 's debt ? 
  how is this working out for you ? 
  as usual , the people who promote austerity will rather bury their heads in the sands than accept it failed . 
  how about the people who borrowed way more money than they should , then lied about it to borrow more , take responsibility ? 
  stop blaming the eu for your troubles . 
  we did n't force anything on you . 
  you did by borrowing 220 % of your gdp . 
  look at argentina or other countries that defaulted and the path they went through . 
  greece is n't unique . 
  this . . 
  most countries just have 30 years or smth, 
  i was just mocking his response . 
  this one :  we have 1 corrupt political party in the netherlands called pvda ( '' labour '' party ) and they have many high ranked public servants in all branches of government for people not familiar with dutch politics : they are not corrupt at all , they are a major political party at all levels and branches of government . 
  actually they have far fewer incidents of corruption than other parties . 
  to dismiss then as corrupt is a ) blatently false and b ) it shows that you ca n't discuss something based on it merits so you result to ad hominem attacks on those you disagree with . 
  hurr durr all politicians i do n't agree with are corrupt . 
  amsterdam is in the race as well . 
  very close to london , everyone speaks english . 
  will be interesting to see who wins . 
  i need a globe with this kind of raised-relief, 
  the mep 's do n't have right of initiative , so they 'll have to convince the euro commission to take initiative for a law implementing these reforms . 
  how big the chance of this proposal making it into law is in percentages ? 
  no idea . 
  but it 's a step in the right direction !, 
  the gdpr law i linked above will come in effect , though . 
   the regulation was adopted on 27 april 2016 . 
  it applies from 25 may 2018 after a two-year transition period and , unlike a directive , it does not require any enabling legislation to be passed by national governments . 
  more information about another big privacy law coming into effect soon ( this post is about a proposal , not this law ) : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/general_data_protection_regulation, 
  bundled debt ... 
  so northern europe takes over southern europe 's debt ? 
  germany did deviate , so did france . 
  but they cleaned up their own mess . 
  or , you know , countries could just stick to the promises they made and treaties they signed when they joined the euro . 
  because it does n't make sense to have every member state enforce different rules . 
  that does n't work , obviously . 
  i think it 's good . 
  you must not want only us productions with best price ratio for netflix . 
  it 's important to boost ones own culture, 
  mortgage = long term loan with collateral ... cc is short term without . 
  is cc debt really 15 % ? 
  that 's ridiculous !, 
  2 % for a mortgage is way too low , btw . 
   the feeling was ... more work was needed to be able to have that kind of clarity that the financial markets understood and the greek people understood ( of ) what to expect at the end of the programme period in terms of debt relief they better just make lenders take a hit . 
  we 've been privatising profits and socialising losses for way too long in europe . 
  if you lend out money to someone who ca n't pay it back . 
  you should take the losses , not society . 
  the risk you accept is a core concept of lending out money . 
  oh if everyone stops burning their house down we 'd be fine with a few firefighters, 
  yes they do . 
  that is how it is designed . 
  the commission proposes new laws and the parliament says ` yes/no ' . 
  it ca n't create news laws itself , unlike any other parliament it has no right of initiative . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/right_of_initiative_ ( legislative )  the european commission has the right of legislative initiative . 
  however , under the treaty of maastricht enhanced by the lisbon treaty , the european parliament has an indirect right of legislative initiative that allows it to ask the commission to submit a proposal . 
  not on the english wiki . 
  that is 100 % accessible in china . 
  even tianamen sq, 
   greek debts are zero risk to the imf as long as the euro does n't collapse . 
  if it does , all bets are off . 
  greece can default within the euro zone . 
  because it 's a zero sum game . 
  we ca n't create money . 
  if spain and portugal and italy get money from the eu , someone else pays it . 
  well that 's us . 
  we gib , they recieve . 
  there is only one serious question that will determine if crimea is part of ukraine or part of russia : can you vote for russia in the eurovision song contest using a crimean landline ? 
  yes that seems to be it !,
