  also : making people work 2 years longer makes them pay more income tax . 
  as pensions are lower than income ( usually ) . 
  more taxes + less economical output = lower growth . 
   the netherlands has applied strict limits of this sort , with striking results . 
  in 2011 , with the euro crisis in full swing , the average new mortgage in the netherlands was 112 % of the property 's value , putting dutch household debt among the highest in europe . 
  the authorities hastily introduced a host of restrictions : ltv was capped at 106 % in 2012 and is due to fall to 100 % by 2018 ; capital requirements for banks were raised immediately . 
  the government is also gradually reducing the tax break for interest payments on mortgages . 
  these changes , along with the economic downturn , were enough to push prices down 20 % in three years in real terms ( after accounting for inflation , that is ) . 
  this ` gradual ' here means about 30 years . 
  it is going to take a long time before we 'll be around normal household debt levels . 
  it is like eating unhealthy and getting fat : easy to do but very hard to reverse the effects . 
  us or aussie dollar ? 
  take a look at [ the netherlands ] ( http://www.beursplaza.com/uploads/dirk%20de%20jong/huizen%20nl%20us%20jun11.jpg ) . 
  plus : most houses are payed for with borrowed money . 
  if we ever get more than 10 % unemployment or so we 'll get fucked hard . 
   and save during good times . 
  indeed . 
  but they did n't . 
  it is getting late , should n't you be in bed ? 
   so stop blaming us for your weak economy . 
  thanks  it is mostly local politicians who shift the blame from themselves to the euro / germany . 
  it is an easy way out of a difficult political situation . 
  around ~ 2000 germany was what the southern countries are now : lacking growth , in need of reform , dubbed the ` sick man of europe ' . 
  they inplemented reform around ~ 2002 or so iirc and now they are back on their feet . 
  it is very hard to manage these resources correctly and have the entire country profit from it . 
  we ( nl ) had a pretty big crisis when we mismanaged the money from the newly gound gas fields . 
  they even [ named it after us ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dutch_disease ) . 
  most of the time these resources enrich a few ... 
  i hope greece invites some experts from norway to help manage their new income . 
  what the fuck ? 
  as i said before : the fact that your politicians blame germany does not make it true . 
  they are merely saving themselves and their own carreers . 
   sure , but thanks to the euro , they have no sane way to recover from their mistakes without getting into a self defeating deflation spiral . 
  please keep in mind that there are a lot of people , especially politicians , who have a great interest in blaming the euro / the eu for the problems that they created . 
  even in my country you hear politicians saying `` we have to do this because of the eu '' . 
  most of the time this is just blatently false but it is local politicians saving their own asses . 
  this leads to big misconceptions about the euro . 
  same thing is happening in france right now . 
  france has failed to implement any significant reforms and is seeing the result of that stronger every day . 
  and in stead of saying `` we should 've reformed 3 years ago '' hollande & co. is saying `` the ecb policy is what is holding us back '' . 
   the entire eurozone is stagnating but not because of the euro . 
  my country is stagnating because we postponed ( inevitable ) reforms in the pension system and housing market . 
  because of this the housing bubble collapsed and we have taken a big hit . 
  this could 've been easily prevented if we elected the right politicians . 
  spain has the same thing as us but worse . 
  their housing bubble has also crashed their banks , which costs the spanish taxpayer a lot of money . 
  the spanish housing market crashed so hard it even took out a bank in nl . 
  italy does n't have a housing crash but it simply needs a better and more efficient government . 
  and they need to stop electing people like berlusconi . 
  france needs to reform its labour markets and pension system . 
  french pension age remains ( as one of ) the lowest in the eu . 
  greece is pretty fucked up as its institution , economic and political , are not up to first world standerds . 
  the point i 'm trying to make : yes , the eurozone is stagnating . 
  no , this is not because of the euro . 
  it is because countries inside the eurozone have made mistakes . 
  the only thing the euro is responsible for is allowing politicians in countries like your own to lend more money to postpone having to fix inevitable problems . 
  this is why we have the 3 % in the maastricht treaty . 
  it was put in place to prevent this . 
  but then everyone decided to ignore it and here we are ... 
   obviously what needs structural reforms is the fucking eurozone , why ? 
  there are more than enough countries that do fine . 
  it is not the fault of the euro that a country has failed / is failing . 
  everyone , as a country , knew what they were getting into when they signed up for the euro . 
  each country knowingly singed away the ability to : print money , alter the exchange rate , change the interest rate . 
  these were always the easy way out for politicians . 
  see the italian lire ... each country knowingly joined the german currency . 
  the euro is not a new currenc , y it is the d-mark with a new name . 
  and with it comes the bundesbank-doctrine . 
  people have been telling france to reform their labour market , pension age/system and deficit . 
  they have n't dont shit for 3 years and now they demand that the ecb prints some money to fix it for them . 
  this is a big `` fuck you '' to the countries that did n't receive money from the ecb but in stead reformed / are reforming . 
  i hope merkel stands her ground . 
  we should block this practise . 
  use putin 's own sanctions agianst him . 
  when he was re * elected * ( lol ) there were massive protests . 
  the eu needs to beat the russian food markets so hard that those people will ignore the propaganda and blame putin agian . 
  already been proposed but the fans ( the fans with the largest bullhorn ) keep blocking it . 
  i guess they 'd rather see their club # 1 in a shitty league than # 2 or # 3 in a benelux league, 
  i know but still ... 
  there is nothing wrong with porn . 
  it is simply a derivative of christianity that sex is something you do n't talk about . 
  it sounds really weird to make a filter for that stuff opt-out in stead of opt-in . 
  h-h-hang on . 
  they actually went through with that ? 
   what good is blurring her face going to do ? 
  so that people do n't recognise her in the streets ? 
  it 's about privacy . 
  it gives us companies the same possibilities to force countries to do something just like they did to argentina ... edit : not saying that argentina has defaulted because of rules that are now proposed in the new treaty . 
  i 'm saying it will provide a framework for private firms to hold states accountable internationally and thus undermines the sovereignty of parliament in those countries . 
  just like the sovereignty of argentina is underminder because they chose to issue bonds under us law . 
  because i really do not want to become a sort of u.s. with one army that allows politicians to intervene for `` humanitarian reasons '' and to defend `` european interests '' in country after country all over the world . 
  throughout history countries that have big armies ( u.s. last 50 years , germany before that , france before that , uk all over the world et cetera ) tend to use them . 
  i really do not want to see that happening in the eu . 
  the only way i would agree with having one army is if we have the same rule that the japanese have in their constitution : that the army can * only * be used for self-defense and * never * be deployed outside the eu . 
   but this is another step in the right direction . 
  i think we have to disagree there ... 
  not really , we 've [ always ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eufor ) had this kind of battlegroups in the eu . 
  they just bring it like it 's an answer to russia to make it look like they 're on top of things . 
  elected . 
  state of denial .
