  this led the parliament having way more power than any parliament at the time and it marked the start of the parliamentary democracy we now see in a lot of countries . 
  no , they 're not . 
  bonaire , st. eustatius and saba are part of ( the country ) the netherlands . 
  curacao , aruba and st maarten are countries within the * kingdom of * the netherlands . 
  see [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ee_iupineuc ) for a more detailled explanation . 
  or curacao and aruba ? 
  since they are still with us today ( as independent self-governing nations within our kingdom ), 
  if you really are a hedge fund analyst , could you explain to me why the currency itself is responsible for this and not the governments in the southern countries ? 
  i mean : was is the euro that allowed the spanish housing market to form such a huge bubble , or was it the spanish politicians ? 
  was is the euro that elected berlusconi as pm , eroding most of the trust foreign investors had in the italian government , or were it the italians ? 
  was it the euro that create a bloathed greek government , of was it the greece parliament that is dominated by 3 or 4 families ? 
  because i live in nl and we had a pretty big housing bubble as well . 
  but it was our own politicians who , with the tax rebate on mortgage interest , made it happen , not the euro as a currency . 
   cyprus is at middle east . 
  geographically , yes . 
  culturally ? 
  it is european . 
  same way israel is located in the middle-east but viewed as western country . 
  do you think the ep should be allowed to propose laws ? 
  ( as opposite to only voting yes/no on laws proposed by the commission ) and how do you feel about the fact that you can only vote for candidates from your own country ? 
  how far does the influence of national governments go into the european parliament ? 
  it is often said ( in dutch media ) that dutch parties in the ep will get in trouble if they vote agianst the national parties want . 
   the plan is democracy . 
  that is not much for a plan . 
  you ca n't expect that all the problems a country will simply dissappear when people can vote ...  why ca n't the country be responsible for their own government actions ? 
  they are . 
  but then you invaded the country and ended the government that they had + their army . 
  then you `` rebuild '' both into nothing . 
  you can not seriously blame the iraqi 's themselves for having a shitty government and army . 
  you were the ones that gave them that !, 
  what is it that causes us to miss the last 30 % ? 
   what are you suggesting ? 
  usa to impose a usa dictatorship ? 
  i suggest that our governments figure this out * before * they bomb and invade a country . 
  not bomb first and think later ... 
  ooooooooh that is why the tv 's have that !, 
  the americans do this as well . 
  a german guy starts talking on natgeo or so and then an american voice comes in ** over the german voice ** . 
  they still let the german voicetrack play in the background to , ehm , i do n't know why actually . 
  so you start listening to a guy speaking in german . 
  than halfway his first sentence an american comes in who starts speaking english at the beginning of the sentence when the german guy was already halfway . 
  then you try to switch to english but the german guy is now starting a new sentence because the american guy started speaking 1.5 second later . 
  then you simply give up and read the dutch subtitles . 
  dubbing : stopping most of europe from learning [ proper english ] ( http://jakubmarian.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/05/english-eu.jpg ) . 
  edit : portugal . 
   it was n't a nato operation , i just do n't know how to label the coalition of countries that were involved . 
  obviously it was mostly usa , but that goes without saying . 
  usually people use the ' [ coalition of the willing ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/multi-national_force_%e2%80%93_iraq ) ' . 
   isis would n't be able to do shit if the government did n't kick out the us forces . 
  [ ... ] no one is responsible for the sectarian fighting that happens under maliki either other than iraq itself . 
  that is pretty fucked up imho . 
  you invaded and occupied a country for 11 years . 
  and now , when you are gone for 2 years you shirk all responsibility for the country by saying ` they asked us to leave ' . 
  well guess what , they never asked you to invade the country . 
  al qaida in iraq ( or is as they call themselves now ) has been active in iraq from long before the invasion in 2003 . 
  except , it was the iraqi military that kept them underground and small . 
  then the us [ disbanded ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/coalition_provisional_authority_order_2 ) the iraqi military . 
  the only thing that kept iraq clear of jihadi 's for the past 20 years . 
  and then you spent billions on building a new army . 
  and look at how competent they are ... also : malaki became pm in [ 2006 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nouri_al-maliki ) . 
  so for 7 years the us has let malaki do whatever the fuck he wants and now that his policies has resulted in this enourmous discontent that allowed is to rise . 
  and now that is is an actual state you say ` it 's not our fault . 
  it 's malaki 's or iraqs ' . 
  well sorry but that it too easy ... you break it , you buy it . 
   nato ca n't be blamed for the worthless government in iraq . 
  nato never went into iraq . 
  and second : the us can definitely be blamed for disbanding the iraqi army and then `` rebuilding '' into what it is now . 
  still , neither afghanistan , a afghani national or thw taliban had * anything * to do with 9/11, 
   the last three ? 
  afghanistan : it has been 10 + years and we still can not leave . 
  we went in without a real strategy ( except for a military one ) . 
  there has now been decided to keep troops there even longer ... libya : agian : we bombed away the regime and now multiple clans and fractions are fighting in a power vacuum created by the nato intervention who afterwards simply left ... iraq : well ... and who will get control of the sunni territories when is is deafeated ? 
  the shia government in bagdad ? 
  that will lead to the same situation that led to the rise of is . 
   what do you suggest ? 
  someone has to do something . 
  and you suggest that we * agian * invade another country without an exit strategy ? 
  sounds like a good plan . 
  i mean , look what stable democracies the last 3 countries have become where nato changed the regime . 
  neither afghanistan as a country , nor the taliban attacked the us . 
  the us invaded afghanistan because they refused to extradite bin laden . 
  whom they us thought was in afghanistan . 
  we now know he was in pakistan . 
  if they gave that as reason for dodging the constitutional ban on deploying forces outside nato then that constitutional rule is pretty weak imho . 
  eu is 4th and nl is 6th . 
  seems legit . 
   how do you arrive at this ? 
  see how the eurozone goes : whenever something needs to be done france and germany ` agree ' on something and the smaller countries do n't get a say . 
  and since france wo n't let germany decide and germany does n't trust france with money the answer is ( almost always ) : more eu !, 
  no clue how to fix the banks ? 
  give it to the ecb they 'll know what to do !, 
  no clue how to enforce deficit reudction ? 
  give it to the eu , they 'll know !, 
  except the problem is that the eu is ran by the same politicians that ( used to ) run the national governments . 
  and they , too , have no clue how to fix our banking system . 
  but they just hand the power over to the eu/ecb and * after that * they expect the ecb to come up with a plan ...  is n't it silly to think the uk is the only thing preventing federalization and everyone else is onboard for it ? 
  we ca n't leave . 
  we 're a german bundesstat economically speaking . . 
  the point is not that no one is agianst it . 
  the point is that the german-france line usually decides because none of the other countries can stop it .
