  i fear this will happen to the eu as a whole too when germany and france are the only big countries left . 
  i love the internal market and even the euro too . 
  but i fear more and more policymaking will be kicked up to eu level if britain leaves . 
  do n't forget womans suffrage . 
  the 1917 constitutional revision was a 3-way compromise between three parties . 
  what about the westboro baptist church ? 
  they insult people time and agian and the only thing you can do it protest them with signs yourself . 
  you ca n't shoot them because they ` provoked ' you . 
  free speech is non-debatable . 
  even if , it is unsulting to muslims , they should still recognize the right that others have to draw him . 
  they have the right not to watch it , but they do n't have the right to demand he wo n't be drawn . 
  simple . 
  that . 
  went to tl in 2012 , had a blast . 
  but yeah , it is more people that want to go to a festival than people wanting to go see their fav artist playing . 
  swedish house mafia was awesome in 2012 . 
  saw many great artists . 
  edit : how has no one here mentioned sziget ? 
  i only hear fantastisch stories about it and i 'm planning on going this year . 
  this . 
  exactly . 
  people are only agianst this sort of ` animal cruelty ' because they can see it . 
  those same people complaining here probably never saw how their meat comes to be . 
  if the spanish want to maintain this tradition let them . 
  it 's probably 0.000000000000001 % of all bulls that we kill in europe every year . 
   `` along the lines of a european model '' would mean choosing elements of various national european systems . 
  yes but i 'm trying to say that `` european '' does n't mean anything here because some systems are all socialist ( like the nhs ) while some systems are more market-based than the us system . 
   along the lines of a european model . 
  there is no ` european model ' . 
  there is simply no european health care . 
  every country has its own system . 
  the uk has one big , government agency called the nhs while my country ( nl ) has mandatory private insurance with private / independant care organisations such as hospitals . 
  most countries have something between these two sides of the spectrum . 
  the dutch system look a lot what obama introduced btw . 
  only with more government regulation . 
  we do that by plane now . 
  germany . 
  and then germany ~ ~ anschluss ~ ~ unites with austria who unites with switzerland . 
  central europe ftw . 
  no it 's really not ... 
  between 0,8 and 1,6 euro per m3 . 
  the water is drinkeable though . 
  germany is made up of bunderl\u00e4nder . 
  which ( freely ) translates into bundescountries . 
  every federal state is made up of smaller ` countries ' or regions . 
  woah , a hijab makes girls sooooooo much less atractive ... 
  but i guess that 's what it 's intended to do ... 
  yes but you can clearly see that her heels where cropped of the picture to insinuate that she is taller than she actually might me !, 
  conspiracy !, 
  pretty sure she 'd be better looking without that thing . 
  but everyone has his own preference i guess ... 
  bike . 
  anything else is really uncommon for anything before uni . 
  oh i did n't notice !, 
  yeay !, 
  no one wants to come to the netherlands ? 
  :( not even belgium ? 
  or ... or flanders , maybe ?? 
  `` but is it * green * ? '', 
   italian factory we seem to not understand the root of all our recent technological failures . . 
  that investor state settlement thing is really scary . 
  shit . 
  besides , i do n't get how any treaty like this could ever be agreed upon . 
  you could , as a country , never change any standards again without changing the entire treaty ? 
  or am i seeing this wrong ? 
  do you have long lines at the registrers / check outs ? 
  i remember vaguely ( i was 10 at the time ) that it took people a long time to figure out what size which coin was . 
  the entire point of this campaign was to raise awereness that these women are normal and not obese . 
  just like low-wage luxembourgers ( or whatever ) live in belgium , germany and france and simply commute in . 
  hehe , yes !, 
  at least you got to spend it ( for a while ) . 
  i guess 2001 - 2007 were pretty relaxed years in greece . 
  so you are just super bad at managing money ? 
  in 2012 the dutch parliament enacted ( one of ) the strictest forms of net neutrality into law . 
  now , the proposed european directive concerning net neutrality will cancel the dutch laws and force a less strict version of ` net neutrality ' . 
  one where providers will still be able to charge companies for ` higher priority ' service on the net . 
  in other words : the u.s. just enacted what to ec plans to cancel ... 
  we had one with russia too !, 
  they imprisoned some of our people and a boat flying the dutch flag , they canceled a bunch of contracts with dutch companies and we kicked out one of their diplomats . 
  north korea is in for a treat !, 
   fat , greedy americans bought houses they could n't afford . 
  so did a little less fat spaniards , irish , dutch and whole lot more . 
   our central bank printed trillions of dollars when we were in an economic crisis . 
  they did n't leave a single state out to dry regardless of how much they owed . 
  i never heard somebody say , `` those damn lazy californians , how dare they ask for more money !? '', 
  what if mexico asked for money ? 
  you 're in nafta together after all . 
  bit of a stretch but , the point i 'm trying to make is that greek is n't our country . 
  culturally i 'm closer to the us actually , i follow your politics , watch your movies / tv shows , read american newspapers . 
  for me , greece might as well be on the other side of the planet . 
  i do n't know any greeks , do n't speak the language , never been there , my country has no obligation ( historically or so ) to greece , my country has no cultural ties to greece . 
  but yet we are paying for them ( as a country ) . 
  that is what pissed most people off . 
  we never asked to have greece ( or whatever other southen european country ) tied to us . 
  you have to look at it from our perspective : when we started the eu ( ecsc back then ) . 
  it was about coal and steel . 
  now we have one currency , one government , a parliament , and when their economy fails we have to help it . 
  we never voted for this . 
  in 1960 we were a soevereign nation in a common steal and coal union with other soevereign nations . 
  now we are a state in the european union .
