  no more ( new ) opt-outs and it will probably need to recover from the '15 year old girl that threatens to run away from home if she does n't get her way ' image that cameron & friends have been ( and will be the coming time ) broadcasting to europe and the rest of the world . 
  this ( announcement of ) a referendum is a lose-lose for britain . 
  this referendum is the opposite of the scottish referendum . 
  this can only end badly for britain . 
   germany did not . 
  merkel publicly committed to helping the refugees and that it will change germany in the coming years and that germany should be ready for this . 
  then they allocated billions in the budget for it . 
  that kind of news spreads faster on social media among refugees than anything i can think of . 
  thank you , on behave of the ( now remaining silent ) rest of europe . 
  good luck , hans !, 
  1 ) publically say the currect influx of refugee 's into germany will change germany and will be a long term commitment . 
  2 ) allocate billions in your budget for refugees and publically say that you do . 
  3 ) refugees head to germany 4 ) germany installs border control to stop influx . 
  they really are n't clever ... publically committing to helping the refugees . 
  publically allocating billions . 
  and then act surprised and scared when the refugees come . 
   he might be capable of keeping syria stable probably just the parts where his people live . 
  not directly but the army just took control again after the election and the us kind of ok 'd it by not protesting . 
  so in egypt it is pretty much the same as before . 
  there was no western intervention in tunisia ... 
   rusia : `` can i just keep my warm water port , please ? 
  russia : can we please not depose only power structure that could hold ( part of ) the country stable just like you guys did in iraq ? 
  thank you very much . 
  ftfy . 
  russia is in no means any better than the us . 
  but why the fuck would you want assad gone right now ? 
  he is the only one who can hold the alawite part of the country stable . 
  why the fuck would you want a power vacu\u00fcm in that part of the country too ? 
  it makes no sense . 
  yes . 
  what every western leader seems to forget is that these dictators outlaw any organisation that could possibly threaten their rule . 
  there is only one organisational structure in all of these countries that they can not outlaw : the religious ones . 
  that is why in all these countries , when we see a power vacu\u00fcm it is extreme muslims that power . 
  they are simply the only ones that are organised enough to do it . 
  i love how we saw this evil dictator in iraq and ousted him to make things better . 
  now we are apparantly doing the same in syria ... 
  creating the same kind of power vacu\u00fcm as we did in iraq , lol . 
  i would go to sweden to if the other half of my people already migrated there , lol . 
  it is also very funny because our right win politicians usually compare polish people to trash ... 
  i guess it 's just a right-win thing to spit on those lower on the ladder . 
  balkan sea ports ? 
  lol , i do n't think that matters . 
  i think very few countries can viably choose one over the other ... 
   thanks to holland and germany constantly refusing us on bullshit reasons ? 
  yeah sorry about that . 
  our previous government was held hostage by an xenophobic , anti-everything right-wing party and they kind of called the shots . 
  should n't be this way but our internal politics kind of ruined it for you . 
  what do you need to wait now ? 
  7 years ? 
   i guess rules and obligations are only for the small states . 
  welcome to the eu . 
  and you just summed up all discontent with the eu in our country . 
  how do you brits do this ? 
  do you take the trash out yourself the week that they do n't ? 
  my municipality gives us bins for biowaste , plastic , paper and other and we still think weekly pickups is too few . 
  how do you cope with only biweekly pick ups ? 
  do all brits have huge bins ? 
  even saw a tv show host drink milk directly from a ( human ) breast ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mq5dr-on0em ) @ 0:40, 
   taliban creating the first batshit insane group holding nuclear weapons . 
  oh god !, 
  fear of terrorists with nukes !, 
  i heard iraq has wmd 's too !, 
  you can justify it all you want . 
  but both countries are off way worse than before we invaded it . 
  there are other options than invading a country and occupying it for 10 + years . 
  just saying . 
   al-qaida had global ambitions in destroying the western civilization . 
  and apparantly the only option was to invade the country together with 30 other countries and wage war for more than 10 years . 
  well , at least afghanistan is a bright democracy now , and your scenario is gone . 
  and then what ? 
  turkey already has millions of refugees from both syria and iraq ... 
   giving a whole country to terrorists bent on destroying the civilized world did n't seem good to many people . 
  the taliban , who ruled afghanistan , have never operated outside afghanistan and pakistan and had no intention of destroying the world or doing anything outside their country . 
  they are very backwards conservative muslims , but not worse than say , saudi-arabia . 
  i think you got it mixed up with al-qaida . 
  it had widespread support because of the emotions over 9/11 . 
  most refugees that are now coming is the result of the us/uk invading iraq . 
  sooo , when can send them all there ? 
  getting us to agree to this mission that would take more than then years while the us was still in a state of anger and emotion over 9/11 is one of the biggest pranks they ever pulled on the world . 
  no country , even not uk , germany or france , had the balls to say : `` calm down and think this over in 2 months '' . 
  no , instead we all said yes uncle sam and calmly swallowed what they gave us . 
  litterally more than 30 countries invaded the poorest country on earth to look for one guy , who was n't even there . 
  what a goddamn joke this entire mission has turned out to be . 
   which were christianized by the catholic church . 
  which is weird because i live in the southern part of nl , which ~ ~ used to be ~ ~ is catholic . 
  i even was baptised and did my communion . 
  but i have never heard of this before ... 
  til ... wow , never heard of the existance of this day , let alone that it is a public holiday in so many countries !, 
  wtf ? 
  are there public celebrations ? 
  do you do something special on this day or is it just a day off ? 
  enlighten a heathen dutchman please . 
  that is probably the best an average dutch person would do as well . 
  so some rebels shot down what they thought was a ukrainian military cargo plane using with russian buk equipement . 
  imho , the real question is who the fuck allowed them to fly over an area where , 3 days prior to mh17 a ukrainian military plane was shot down at 9500m . 
  airlines fly at 10k . 
  so not surprising this happened ... 
  french farmers recieve so much state money that are practically civil servants and the french politicians are extremely scared to go agianst them . 
  its pathetic that dutch farmers are simply more efficient but cant complete because french farmers will simply force extra money from their government .
