  holy shit , $ 1,30 / m \u00b3 seems indeed like a lot for romania ... 
   norway - state owned , superb quality , free of charge in most places . 
  how does that work ? 
  should n't you have at least make people pay a very small fee to limit waste ? 
  in nl you pay between $ 0,86 and $ 1,66 per 1000 liters ( 1m \u00b3 ) . 
  i do n't know how credible the source is ... 
  it is an american media outlet ( who have been pointing at russia since the crash happened ) and it does n't give any source other than `` a european air safety official told cbs news '' . 
  still , seems newsworthy . 
   unreleased data from a black box retrieved from the wreckage of malaysia airlines flight 17 in ukraine show findings consistent with the plane 's fuselage being hit multiple times by shrapnel from a missile explosion , cbs news correspondent mark phillips reports . 
  i have used that comic so many times in arguments ... 
  it sums up the situation perfectly . 
  the eu needs to build a bloody gas pipeline to iran so it has some leverage ... 
  this is ridiculous everyone knows we are not going to stop buying their gas and oil when we have no viable alternative ... 
  i was being sarcastic ( dutch flair ) but it is not appreciated ... :-(, 
  i 'm trying to convince the others to not start cycling . 
  once the oil runs out we 'll rule the world !, 
  muha ^ ha ^ ^ ha ^ ^ ^ ^ ha ^ ^ ^ ^ ha, 
  who the fuck uses bikes anyway . 
  no but even saying it is still retarded . 
  finally !, 
  i want to be able to just go to a store and buy weed if i want !, 
  i really would n't know how this would be calculated ... seems like propaganda ... 
  does anyone know how this is calculated ? 
  does n't your government take care of unemployment benefits ? 
  we have unions here in nl and minimum wage . 
  union membership is declining but that does n't mean they lose influence . 
  another solution without a problem coming from the eu . 
  most nations have a minimum wage and others have sector-minimums or strong unions . 
  why should there be an eu law for this ? 
  and how would did work for new ( poor ) countries that want to join the eu ? 
  limburg is pretty much in line with the rest of the country . 
  it is the bible belt that is more religious than other parts . 
  those 2 pictures are indeed from maastricht ( capital of limburg ), 
   then again , i probably live in the wrong part of the country . 
  treaty to ~ ~ make the multinationals richer ~ ~ make us all richer . 
  i think i 'd have a hard time finding someone under 28 who believes in a god here in the netherlands . 
  then again , i probably live in the wrong part of the country . 
  the same way these people ` calculate ' that the euro gave us 10 % more gdp growth . 
  not saying i 'm against , just that predicting this is bullshit . 
   as long as it is not about pot , hookers and gay marriage clich\u00e9s , it 's mostly positive . 
  [ you forgot one ... ] ( http://youtu.be/yn-eejmcmua ), 
   also they somehow like to report everything obama does , eventhough he 's not our president , mentioning that he 's `` the most powerful man in the world '' in * every * news item about him . 
  haha the nos ( public news ) is exactly the same regarding the us . 
  when obama visited they did a 5 hour live broadcast of his heli landing and him walking around . 
  they had a live commentator and 2 people analysing every step he took and why . 
  next to that was a 5 minute , pre-recorded about the chinese president who visited industries , spoke with dutch companies and signed huge contracts . 
  but i guess that 's irrelevant . 
  i live in the ( very ) southern part of the netherlands . 
  we have hills but just as many bikes . 
   for example : ( ... ) with about as many people opposing changes as there are people supporting changes to the holiday . 
  what ? 
  where 'd you get that ? 
   third example : we tend to dislike the cliched ` most liberal country ever ' when it is brought by foreign people . 
  for some reason i found that many foreigners do n't get the concept that it is not up to the government to decide what you do with your own body . 
  foreigners usually either say '' ... but drugs are bad ! '', 
  or '' ... there is nothing wrong with drugs ! '', 
  the concept of not using drugs yourself but not caring if others do seems baffling to most . 
  you should enjoy your victory . 
  for now . 
  hacking into seperate companies to find specific persons ( it 's hard to pull all data without someone noticing the petabytes flowing to the us ) is a lot less worrysome than having a standby database of everyone who uses fb , google or others . 
  having our own social network and other data-reliant companies is . 
  they fall under eu law . 
  it wo n't stop the nsa , but we do n't have to make it as easy as it is now for them . 
  yes but it is harder for the nsa to hack a telecom provider than to log on to facebook and google servers . 
  plus , they ca n't copy the entire chinese database , that would raise flags . 
  they do have a database with what europeans search , who their family is , friends , websites visited ( every website with a fb , twitter or google ` share ' button is tracked ) , what school they went to ( fb ) , what they do all day , their e-mails ( gmail ) and way , way more . 
  and they can simply log on to google or fb when they need something . 
  the eu laughed at china and russia for blocking google ( & others ) to create their own social networks , search engines etc they laughed at the countries that did n't have an ` open ' internet and freedom . 
  after snowden showed how the us abuses that power for creating a huge surveillance state it seems the russian and chinese were right ... their citizens are n't in the nsa 's databases ... europeans are . . 
  the dutch opinion is n't about legality . 
  it is about what you want to achieve . 
  do you want to stop drug * use * or drug * deaths * ? 
   is n't it also about having the same laws in all of the member states ?? 
  oh you are in for a treat , then . 
   cannabis is becoming more and more controversial . it is ? 
  i thought public opinion was slowly shifting towards the dutch opinion . 
  you see the same happening in uruguay , colorado and other places . 
  why is this a eu petition ? 
  drug policy is created at national level , not european level . 
  well apparently they left out belgium and luxemborough from the north . 
   result for belgium and luxembourg are not reported for simplicity of presentation . 
  these two countries would constitute an intermediate group between the north and the south . 
  they display high trust in institutions in general and very high trust in the european institutions in particular . 
  as far as it concerns the difference between trust in the european and the international institutions , these countries are closer to the south than to the north , as the gap is positive ( but differently from the south , and similarly to the north , trust in domestic institutions is still very high ) . 
  translation : they did n't fit our ` north ' vs ` south ' argument and were left out . 
  i seriously doubt that this is the case in nl . 
  based on polls surrounding the eu election this seems way off . 
  does anyone know where you can check their own calculations ? 
  yes . 
  it 's too bad that people downvote because they disagree in stead of the quality of the post . 
  i am in favour of the euro . 
  we became far less dependant on the dollar and it created a true internal market . 
  the rules established in the maastricht treaty were a good way of establishing the euro 's credibility . 
  one would think that countries would abide to the rules they sign to follow . 
  now people are abusing the euro-crisis to convince people that it would be better to transfer all financial soeverenity to brussels and the ecb . 
  i think that is too bad because not only is it a bad idea in my mind . 
  it also lets people think that the euro caused the crisis . 
  now people who are against further transfer of powers are also against the euro . 
  because federalists / europhilies keep repeating that a transfer of soeverenity is inevitable if you want to keep the euro alive . 
  which it is not .
