  anyway , that 's most of what i know about it . 
  the picture with bradley , tedder , eisenhower and montgomery still hangs in the same building they once used as temporary hq . 
  it was a boys middle school in the time but it was remade into appartments later . 
  i know , but i used to work in a home for the elderly . 
  they would come from big cities or villages countaining 3 farms and a church and everything in between here in southern limburg , but it did n't make much difference regarding linguistic skills . 
   none of my grandparents ever spoke english , they all lived in a rural area in the north where learning or speaking english is not a priority . 
  now my only surviving grandmother has had some english courses but she 's too old to ever put it to use . 
  what a difference . 
  i live in maastricht and i do n't know any old people who did n't learn english . 
  never been to the north so i would n't know how it is up there . 
  well , apparently they are part of the 29 % club . 
   you were n't taught english in school ? 
  we were . 
  but for 90 % of the kids in class , the level of english they learned from video games and tv had already exceeded the level they thaught in class in that year . 
  english class and exams were a formality for most . 
   old people ? 
  from my grandparents generation almost everyone speaks english . 
  they all learned during or after the war . 
  since most aid / food / any form of order came from british ( empire ) soldiers it was almost a necassity . 
  if you are interested i can spell out the story about how the british took over the local cement factory and made it more efficient than the germans or dutch ever could ...  children ? 
  very much possible , but when i look at myself and my own generation it seems hard to believe . 
  i never actually ` learned ' english . 
  it just grows . 
  starting with tv shows that are n't dubbed , then movies , then the internet et cetera ... kind of like a second language that you mostly read or type but almost never speak . 
  that 's why we have such funny accents when talking but can read or type pretty good ( or well ? 
  help ! ) . 
   very poor people ? 
  yes . 
  29 % of the dutch could n't hold a simple conversation in english ? 
  for crying out loud , how is that possible ? 
  tv series , movies , the internet , advertisements , computer games ... everything is in english !, 
  how does one not know english . 
  members of the royal family are prohibited from holding public office in nl . 
   at the same time fsb fortified border with eastern ukraine - to prevent russian volunteers coming there ( you wo n't believe how popular is idea to go to donetsk and fight with ukrainians - almost every drunk and school students talk about it ) ; oh cool . 
  in my country the young muslims do this and go fight in syria for some reason . 
   fire season began come again ? 
   the eu commission closed its excessive deficit procedure against denmark . 
  source . 
  huh ? 
  what ? 
  this happens to non - $ countries ? 
  http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/18/worldwarii-militarydeaths-allies-piechart.png not much happened on d-day ... 
  [ he was n't alone . 
  ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/18/worldwarii-militarydeaths-allies-piechart.png ), 
  we have us nukes as well . 
  it is a public secret and ex-pm 's have even confirmed it . 
  but the government wo n't officially confirm for some reason ... 
  when our current prime minister was asked by a journalist if the red button on his desk was to launch nukes he , and i quote , responded with : `` no , of course not . 
  we do n't even have nukes , officiallly . 
  * smiles to camera * '', 
  carry on then ... 
   how is this not cold war ii ... because russia is maybe half of the military strength the ussr was and 1/10th of the economic power ? 
  and since the us has ramped up their military spending to an absolute record after 9/11 i think we 'll be good . 
  well i had good hopes for hillary in 2016 but seeing how the democrats do foreign policy in regard to russia i think letting the next bush be president would n't be so bad . 
  i mean , if you 're not in europe there is a good chance that bush fucked up your country one way or another , but i do n't think russia would be so agressive with a mad man like bush as potus . 
  there is actually a subreddit for that called / r/europeanfederalists but that might as well be this one . 
  our history lessons pretty much went like this : 1 . 
  germany occupies most of europe . 
  british and russian empire defeat nazis . 
  europe freed by allies is free and capitalist . 
  european part ` freed ' by su gets to trade the nazis for the communists . 
  west europe grows strong with support of u.s. and gets rich by developing good balance between capitalism and socialism . 
  su stays behind because of communistic system . 
  su falls , eastern europe join eu in order to bring them up to speed with western europe . 
  russia ( in 90 's ) is basically explained as nazi germany in 1945 : collapsed , no economy , no power , no nothing . 
  the soviet union is seen as the ` evil ' dictator that , just like the nazis did to us ( nl ) during ww2 , occupies countries like poland , baltics , etc. . until the collapse . 
  i do n't have any stories from family or friendsother than from my grandpa who would sometimes go to the ddr during the cold war . 
  he would talk about limited movement freedom , not being allowed to film , having to bribe people to get things done , grey soviet flats , etc. . . for me the info is basically what i was thaught in school and what i see/read now . 
  man it was pretty hard this time ... 
  almost looked like we would n't pull it off . 
  but the us is paying for our defense again xd, 
  it is pretty sad that we ca n't just sit down and in negotiate in good faith to create a political system that is democratic , respects national and regional culture / interests but also combines european economies . 
  i think in the end we would all benefit from it . 
  in stead we build the eu stone by stone without thinking about how we want it to end up . 
   hmm . . the way i see it , appointing junker + early referendum is a good idea . 
   it sets out a clear pathway to a federal europe , and gives the british people ( and , i would hope , other europeans ) an honest , clear choice . 
  what about my fucking choice ? 
  we said no to the fucking lisbon treaty/constitution and it 's there anyway !, 
  lol . 
  it 's 2014 , as soon as the first russian tank moves into nato territory we will crash their currency , internet and electrical grid . 
  let 's see how long it takes for the russian middle class to kick putin out when that happens . 
  plus , an invading russia would probably anger the germans ... 
  so we 'll be fine . 
  this . 
  on the day i turned 17 i got a letter from the ministry of defense that said i could be conscripted if the situation calls for it . 
  our military service is still in place but it is suspended for the time being . 
  ( has been since 1997 ), 
  can confirm that this is the official dutch statement . 
  because we need someone to lead and i do n't see hollande or cameron do it . 
  germany is , now , by far the strongest economy in the eu and since the other countries that could possibly lead are in a bad shape ( france , italy ) or pretending to be in the middle of the atlantic rather than off the coast of europe ( england ) , i do n't really see a problem . 
  and ; all laws have to be agreed upon by heads of government . 
  this means that merkel , holland and others have to get consent from the national parliaments before casting their vote . 
  since this is where the real negotiations happen , plus te fact that the eu parliament ca n't introduce laws . 
  ( they have influence at best ... ) does n't make this election very exiting . 
  they forgot about ( the tiny spec left from ) our glorious caribbean empire . 
  are atheists / non-religious people a minority in the us ? 
  sorry , i never heard it before . 
  when did `` we '' decide this should be our anthem ? 
  fedoras are a symbol for atheists ? 
  and i do n't really give a fuck where he claims his inspiration came from ... as long as the stars are not officially recognized as christian symbol it seems fine with me .
