  but also networking events for people in the business , the dj award thing . 
  ade is an ` umbrella ' for all of this . 
  it is not one party or one festival . 
  2 ) their is a festival called amsterdam music festival , but that it just one of many on ade . 
   surely a festival organizer would have no role in charging people anyway . 
  this is municipality policy , not one festivals ', 
  this has been standing policy for some time now . 
  be ware though : it is only 1 / 2 pills outside amsterdam . 
  also do n't carry them in 5 different seals , if you meet a cop having a bad day he could argue you were about to sell them . 
  the ( roughly ) translated it to `` harry potter and the stone of wise people '' in dutch . 
  ( stone of wisdom . . ), 
  it 's just the low-income housing that is stressed . 
  if you have a college degree and get an salary accordingly , you could just rent private . 
  why do we need this ? 
  people celebrate this like sweden legalised gay marriage or so . 
  why do n't we just have rape centers for both genders ? 
  i really do n't understand the fuzz about this on reddit . 
  maybe if they do n't go to college , i do n't know a lot of people who live with their parents until mid twenty . 
  but maybe we hang out in different circles . 
  you are right though , it 's not a few weeks . 
  76 % of dutch people asked were against a eu government like the us . 
  56 % want power back to the countries from the eu . 
  64 % is against expanding the eu . 
  this is very much the opposite of what you would guess if you just looked at / r/europe and reddit in general . 
  eh , i do n't know ? 
  what 's wrong with it ? 
   everyone here lives with their parents until their mid-20s that is his point : refugee 's ca n't stay at their parents house . 
   it took me three months ( ! ), 
  to find a place . 
  we are litterally full . 
  there is not much room to build new houses . 
  it 's fucking crowded and especially cities are getting worse and worse really fast . 
   i 'm sure this standard is the same in europe oh yes reddit is very much pro federal eu . 
  the ` normal ' people absolutely not . 
   the dude thinks government healthcare is slavery . 
  if i were american i would n't want the federal government to issue anything on healthcare , too . 
  it is the same as if the eu would create the same healthcare for alll in the eu . 
  just let the states do it . 
   reddit is dominated ** by young people who use the internet ** that picture that said the media was ignoring sanders just because he is leading online . 
  lol . 
  no shit !, 
  old people are n't online !, 
  being passionate about politics is very cool , but they need to keep it realistic . 
  well , fuck you for not drinking this culturally accepted poison that clouds your mind !, 
  he is not stopping me . 
  at all . 
  i just say i probably would n't drink wine when i have people over . 
  i also would n't eat pork and hand them something else . 
  it just does n't make sense to do it . 
  all this fuzz about such litle things . 
  it is for the netherlands . 
  and thus the arguments that dutch politicians used turned out to be bullshit . 
   i cant see any sign of disrespect in drinking a glass of wine in front of a muslim ... 
  i 'm absolutely sure that most muslims would n't mind at all . 
  does n't mean i would do it , though . 
  i see it as a sign of hospitality . 
  oh i still thought airbus was mainly french-german . 
  my bad, 
  it 's french-german, 
  this happens with every eastern european country joining . 
  there were a lot of people preaching the apocalyps when poland and co joined . 
  we were all going to be out of a job within a year . 
  crime would tripple and i do n't know what other bullshit they sold . 
  but this is the reality and people are very influential about stuff they know very little about . 
  like a country on the black sea . 
  this makes it hard for the ` regular ' politicians to sell this . 
  so nothing to do but wait . 
  the dutch equivalent does the same . 
  everytime something happens with a jewish person involved or some people disagree with the israeli government they scream anti-semitism . 
  i really do n't see the problem here . 
  he did n't ask for it and the italians just thought better safe than sorry . 
  i normally drink a glass of wine , but would n't when having muslims over for dinner . 
  is this ` being ashamed of my own life ' ? 
  do n't think so lol . 
  give it time . 
  the economic crises in southern europe and the refugee crisis have given rise to right-wing politicians in almost every country . 
  regular politicians ca n't afford to promote romania joining . 
  it would be oil on the right-wing fire . 
  in a few years we 'll grant you access . 
   nyt is n't known for fabricating things , no but they usuallly print whatever the us government gives them without fact checking . 
   flees crowd after 3,000 job cuts announced at airline those cuts are happening because their unions have refused to give an any wages ( like their dutch counterparts * did * ) . 
   i 'll chime in with a side question : turkish land forces dwarf those of sweden by an order of magnitude , this i see . 
  how does turkish air force compare to it 's swedish counterpart ? 
  you 're thinking wrong here . 
  it 's about the geographic location that turkey is in . 
   is it ? 
  yep . 
  i 'm so glad merged our national airline ( oldest one ! ), 
  to this fucking french striking club . 
  / s what a bullshit . 
  get an agreement and get to fucking work . 
  what a joke of a company . 
  it 's the same with every organisation in france that has close relations with the government . 
  what a pathetic work culture . 
   `` no , the heck with your orders , we 're occupying you as long as we want '' ? 
  you kind of already did . 
  shifting the entire blame to the iraqi 's by just saying that their government is democratically elected is a bit of a stretch . 
  truth is you , despite your intentions to help iraq , fucked it up beyond anyone 's imagination . 
   pkk please correct me if mistaken . 
  the pkk is a kurdish organisation ?
