i 'm not romanian , but my erection is bigger than yours . 
  oh i thought you were talking about afro-american culture vs mainstream white culture . 
  how would that be irrational ? 
  from at least a north european perspective this is an immoral act . 
  i misunderstood your position as well . 
  can you elaborate ? 
  i agree with you that the wording was n't the best . 
  i just wanted to show that countries does n't pay to help asylum seekers . 
  people do . 
  thanks . 
  at least i made an effort . 
  are you asking a question you already know the answer to ? 
  or should i only divide it by the number of people that pay taxes in each country , which is roughly around 60 % on average . 
  per country ; number of inhabitants supporting one new asylumseeker this year . 
  thanks for a thorough reply . 
  i think i agree with your views , but i 'm looking to find the core of your argument . 
  what is acceptable to you when it comes to ideologies ? 
  why is nazism not ok , and islam ok ? 
  i think these are important questions to consider . 
  and that is why i was trying to provoke an answer . 
  well you are saying that islam is an ideology that should be accepted because they have no centralized political leadership ? 
  what am i missing here ? 
  so in other words , you are saying that the ideology of nazism was n't a problem , and it should be accepted , and the problem was that they had leaders and a government ? 
  there were nazis and facists all over europe . 
  it was n't just a german thing . 
  well , he is french . 
  german confirmed . 
  there would not be a ring without the center . 
  i remember from when i was a child , that when roma people were seen close to my small town , we were pre-warned through word of mouth , so we could secure all things lying around outside our house . 
  we had people watching the floating peers 24/7 ( boat engines were the most common thing to disappear ) they usually stayed for a week , and a few things went missing . 
  us kids were both scared and excited to see them . 
  haha . 
  funny guy . 
  kamel\u00e5s\u00e5 !!!!!, 
  what did you just say ? 
  i had 25.1 at my work doctor . 
  the test result from the machine said obese with large letters . 
  my doctor however said i am not obese , but in good shape . 
  i 'm 1.84 and around 80 kg somewhere and have a very physical job . 
  i had a bit of a go at translating it myself . 
  i think my version is more accurate to the writers intent , but maybe not quite as poetic . 
  and it is not quite polished in the latest parts . 
  i agree . 
   the good thing is that we have finally gotten an infrastructure minister with vision and efficiency . 
  that remains to be seen . 
  i have no trust in frp . 
  they usually have `` quick '' solutions to complex problems . 
  i 've read that article before , and it is a half-truth . 
  and why are you on about building controlled-access highways specifically now ? 
  you do n't take into account the total length of the roads needed to be maintained compared to population size and how that maintainance compared to the danish climate must be quite a bit higher . 
  and how about tunnels , bridges , mountain roads etc. 
  that are all expensive and challenging in it 's own right . 
  i do n't agree . 
  especially seen in the light that our country is hardly flat at all compared to the rest of central europe , which drives cost up . 
  to refresh the accurate meaning of the word . 
  i knew it was in the same landscape as joy , praise and cheerfulness but i did n't have the word fully internalized . 
  the google search result for the word `` rejoicing '' was strangely accurate : http://i.imgur.com/qcrvurr.jpg, 
  10 degrees lol, 
  6 years old me in 1986 . 
  chernobyl disaster . 
  damnit , ukraine again !, 
  maybe later verylateish , 
  hi that wasnt me . 
  i 'm too lazy, 
  yeah !, 
  we can have men only clubs !, 
  what a good idea !, 
  who has failed ? 
  and get grants as well . 
  agriculture and fisheries were also a big part of the equation . 
  we ca n't compete with eu prices in the agricultural sector , because of our climate and terrain . 
  self-sustainability in case of a crisis is also a factor . 
  except from that we are more or less eu-members . 
  we abide more strictly many of the eu rules than many eu members , if i 'm not mistaken . 
  i 'm norwegian and this is not true . 
  we have n't had the same outbreaks . 
  it can potentially become bad , if enough come here , but it 's not bad yet . 
  i 'm centre-left-wing and i have been advocating to take in 1/1000th of the population as a maximum each year since the early 2000 's . 
  and i 've been anti-religious , since i was a teenager . 
  you ca n't umbrella the left or the right like that , though * far right * and * far left * are the same wolf in different clothing . 
  but , uh ... you ca n't discuss to have a peaceful assembly before you get a permit ? 
  it gets very boring very quickly . 
  i 've been stuck there twice for a week each time . 
  the people living there were lots of fun , if you are lucky enough to get in touch with them . 
  germany is a great country with good people . 
  nuff said . 
  in my opinion , if palestina becomes it 's own state , israel ca n't have the same control over it anymore . 
  this is a huge security problem , and it is more predictable for the israelis to just keep the current situation going . 
  the similarities are * eeiree * . 
  this is exactly what you should do . 
  i ca n't :( it 's actually really good . 
  it tastes like soft caramel with sharp iron overtones . 
  it 's delicious . 
  i 'm eating it right now . 
  hey . 
  i 'm a fellow scandie left winger , i think we need to say stop for a while , until we integrate the ones we have in our complex society . 
  this is n't necessarily a left/right conflict . 
  right now it is just the pragmatic thing to do , if we want to keep our society stable . 
  i wish more leftwingers would agree , on the flipside i also wish right wingers would have more heart . 
  maybe old people vote out of fear and young people vote out of hope .
