but why does n't spain annex portugal ? 
  it 's right there !, 
  i really wish the argentinians had n't given her the perfect opportunity for a little patriotic theatre . 
  the tories probably would n't have lasted as long in government . 
   there was no `` palestinian land '' there oh indeed , israel rose out of the sea in 1948 when the jewish people had need of it . 
  / s before the british came , there was no country called `` kenya '' . 
  does that mean that the kenyans have no rights to their land ? 
  this is the same justification that empires have always used . 
  [ i 'm reminded of this ... ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uex5g-gos1k )  the arabs rejected the un partition in 1948 that created israel and an arab state in that land ; that 's history , not something that the israelis made up . 
  indeed , almost 70 years ago . 
  everyone involved in that decision is dead . 
  also , the plan gave more than half of the mandate to the jews , despite the fact they made up 32 % of the population and were mostly illegal european immigrants . 
  i might have rejected that too . 
  also , the un has passed resolution after resolution for israel to stop its settlements and withdraw from the west bank . 
  why does n't the rejection of these un resolutions immediately mean that the rights of israeli jews can be trampled on ? 
  the rejection of palestinian leaders of a un plan 70 years ago is apparently justification enough for israel to treat their children 's children 's children like animals . 
  i completely agree that both sides engaged in ethnic cleansing . 
  i agree that the right of return will have to be given up , which means that all those settlers who have ` returned ' to the west bank need to go home . 
  you ca n't have jews the world over free to ` return ' to the west bank , while palestinians born in israel are n't allowed to go home . 
  ( and yes , i know that there are arab israeli citizens . 
  israel also makes up 80 % of what was originally palestinian land ), 
  it 's not just discrimination based on nationality . 
  a country is free to treat its citizens differently from non-citizens * inside its own borders * . 
  the problem is when it conquers another piece of land , settles its people there , and systematically subjects the natives to different laws . 
  repeating an example from another comment : suppose egypt conquered israel , placed all israelis under marshall law , and implanted 2 million egyptian settlers on israeli land who were themselves subject to egyptian law . 
  and also , any ethnically arab person in the world can become an egyptian citizen and move to israel overnight . 
  what would you call that ? 
  suppose egypt conquered israel , placed all israelis under marshall law , and implanted 2 million egyptian settlers on israeli land who were themselves subject to egyptian law . 
  what would you call that ? 
   treating people with no citizenship differently isnt aparthied . 
  israel is free to treat its citizens differently from non-citizens * inside its own borders * . 
  it 's not free to subject the native population of land it 's conquered to different laws . 
  that 's what makes it apartheid . 
   and israel isnt denying people citizenship on the basis of ethnicity , there are 1.7 million arabs . 
  i explicitly stated that the term apartheid is not applicable to arab israelis . 
  otherwise , israel absolutely does grant citizenship based on ethnicity . 
  if you 're jewish , you get israeli citizenship virtually automatically , regardless of whether your parents are citizens . 
  if you 're born in the israeli-occupied west bank , and you 're not jewish and your parents are n't citizens , your chances of getting citizenship are pretty negligible . 
  ( and before you offer a justification for the law of return -- i 'm fine with it * inside israel * . ), 
  i think it 's fair to use the term apartheid when talking about an area occupied by a country , where 500,000 foreign citizens are subject to different laws , yes . 
   the us did similar things in japan in their occupation . 
  they had military bases with american families there . 
  families of soldiers stationed there . 
  not 500,000 permanent settlers ? 
  scaling up for population , it would be more like 20 million permanent settlers . 
  they did n't do that . 
   no there arent , the different roads were a proposal . 
  it was shot down . 
  [ segregated roads ] ( http://visualizingpalestine.org/visuals/segregated-roads-west-bank ) . 
   arabs and israelis can go to the same universities if they get accepted non-israelis in the west bank can go to israeli universities on the same conditions that israelis in the west bank can ? 
   hospitals accept palestinian and israelis who come there . 
  non-israelis in the west bank can go to the same hospitals in israel as israelis in the west bank can ? 
  and yes , i know there are exceptions , but they 're not the rule . 
  which has resulted in half of the world sanctioning it . 
  frankly , a similar treatment might be wise with israel . 
  also , russia at least has the mitigating justification of the support of the native population . 
  the age of imperialism is over . 
  you ca n't just ` conquer ' territory any more . 
  nor can iraqis claim american territory because they were invaded . 
  nor can ukrainians claim russian territory because they were invaded . 
  they survived just fine before them ? 
  israel 's military superiority over its neighbours has only increased since then . 
  no , international law requires the end to settlements and ultimately of the occupation . 
   no they do n't , it 's not only the official stance of the pa that they are n't going to relinquish it but every poll made of the palestinian population show they overwhelmingly reject peace without the right of return . 
   no they are n't , they became refugees before that was added to the geneva convention , if that is true germans have a right to return to east prussia . 
  palestinians are the only group of refugees were the only option considered legitimate is repatriation , this was achieved by literally creating a separate refugee agency for them as opposed to the normal one . 
  yes , they literally have a separate refugee agency only for them and it gets three times per capita funding than the normal one even though it underperforms compared to it . 
  `` you became a refugee the year before we signed this , so ... 
  this ` interpretation ' is rejected by the un . 
  germany has given up their right of return . 
  also , they only lost 30 % of their territory after the war . 
  the palestinians have already lost 80 % of theirs , if they 're just allowed the west bank and gaza strip . 
  to be clear , i 'm not in favour of the right of return here . 
  i 'm in favour of a state in the west bank and ( ultimately ) in the gaza strip . 
   if israeli forces stopped propping them up and providing them intel they 'd collapse within a month . 
  could you expand on `` propping them up '' ? 
  also , what 's the implication ? 
  `` we support the palestinian security apparatus which is operating very effectively ... so we need to punish the palestinians further '' ? 
   as mentioned above we actually got the land in a defensive war . 
  a defensive war against jordan and egypt in 1967 justifies israel stealing land from palestinians today ? 
  right . 
   also they have raised their demands constantly , they did n't even bother answering our last proposal in 2008 . 
  in what ways ? 
  regarding the 2008 ` offer ' , the basic problem was that olmert ran out of time . 
  it 's not a very good excuse to demonise the palestinians . 
   [ the negotiation support unit ( nsu ) also insisted that prime minister olmert provide them with a copy of the map , which was again denied . 
  in the end , however , mahmoud abbas asked for a few days to consider the offer . 
  a day after this meeting , olmert resigned and tzipi livni stepped in as acting prime minister , with benjamin netanyahu being elected shortly afterward . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/palestine_papers#napkin_map ), 
  there 's no political will for it in israel . 
  the current government would collapse if it attempted to remove a single settlement . 
  you mean `` the palestinians who are in power '' rather than `` the palestinians are powerful as a people '' . 
  i agree that much of the pa government is corrupt and undemocratic . 
  but they have every interest in a peace agreement under which israel grants them a legitimate state in the west bank . 
  `` recognition '' is n't worth much by itself . 
  repeating comment : within israel proper , there 's severe institutionalised discrimination against arabs , but i would n't call it apartheid . 
  in the occupied west bank , there is apartheid . 
  israelis live in gated communities on ` appropriated ' land protected by a foreign army . 
  there are different roads for israelis . 
  there are different schools , hospitals and universities for israelis .
