i wish i had kept the source now , but it was reported that the tariffs between the us and uk have been set very low for a long time anyway . 
  i was a bit surprised how many world leaders ahead of the election were stating a clear preference for hillary . 
  a major issue with the way he went about trying to solve the big problems of america was in a country with two parties so close to parity , is legislation and especially executive orders that are not negotiated to something the other side can live with long term are incredibly fragile , probably at most lasting around a decade . 
  5 out of the last 6 time a president even got two terms their successor was very different , from the other party and majorities in congress tend to last way shorter than 8 years . 
  while where you live may be different ; there has been trends around the world of people settling in similarly minded cities/neighborhoods , reading the same media and only really discussing politics within their bubble . 
  with the different bubbles getting further and further apart in a lot of political views . 
  this will totally work and not just generate more memes with the people involved, 
  not even close to everyone in the us agrees on those issues , the democrats trying to impose their fixes on very spit topics like some of those are when they had control of house/senate/president for a couple years is likely a contributor to his win . 
  changing here requires an amendment to the us constitution , which requires 2/3rds majority of the house and 2/3rds majority of senate to be proposed for ratification , which takes 3/4ths ( 38 of 50 ) of state governments to approve . 
  that is certainly not in the intrest of any state goverment that are either rural or presently/near being a swing state . 
  big vs small state politics goes back to before founding , even though who are the big states has changed over time , so concessions had to be made by the populous ones to get a shared political union . 
  for reference there are only 27 amendments , and even that number is a bit misleadingly high as the first 10 were required to get the constitution approved . 
  the alternative would have been the small states not joining together in a political union ( when there were only 13 so california as we know it would not even existing ), 
  it is not like the electoral collage was something new to the polling agencies , they tend to do the most polling in swing states, 
  though that is s a double edged sword in if people believe something or someone is going to win can lead to less of the supporters coming out as well . 
  if you look globally at prosperity , a major problem for smooth politics is over the last 30ish years if you live in most any of the ` advanced economy ' and were not in the top few percent incomes have either been stagnant or falling ( adjusted for inflation ) as cost of living has risen . 
  plus people who know they lost on globalization or automation are more likely to know it than the ones helped by it . 
  the associated press did a while ago and the ny times has him winning 276 ( 270 needed to win ), 
  the more news comes out from both sides positions and current preparation , the more i expect the negotiations just go to the end of the two year limit without a deal . 
  they may have meant the drivers license / state id expires every 4 years , granted states are likely not all consistent on how long it is before renewal is required and are certainly not on voter id requirements . 
  they either had to move to a more competitive production model or were likely to see erosion in their commercial market launches . 
  followed by complaints about cost of defense and research launches going up . 
  while the last i had heard the parachute did get released early , the rockets meant to slow the entry after the parachutes cut off around 10 % into what they needed to slow it to a proper speed as well . 
  it seems suby mcsubface would be much more appropriate if that is the case . 
  wink wink , nudge nudge , say no more, 
  where are you getting these statistics , while they have roughly the same number of native speakers , english has several times as many people who speak it as a second or foreign language . 
  2040 is a bit early to make it the major language of the us too , even if current trends hold the hispanic populations of the us would be around a quarter of all us citizens and at least so far the trend has been for children of native spanish speakers to speak far less spanish than their parents . 
   gulf of aqaba this being a couple hundred years before the suez canal was constructed , for those stationed in the mediterranean the red sea is a long way by ship , so do not need that much detail . 
  i am not sure why you expect them to talk of the benefits of something they either have an opposition to or could be scapegoating . 
  while talking of pros and cons is logical for people to do , while forming an opinion . 
  much of the time when politicians are publicly speaking they are trying to make an argument to strengthen a position they already had , so promote the positives of their side while marginalizing any negatives on their side . 
  which is why they are often a bit repetitive , since it is not uncommon to argue similar points after any event they think might help get traction on something they have wanted for years but stalled one or more times before . 
  edging up on a 1/3 of a billion unique viewers , has to be among the most viewed videos on youtube, 
  you do hear it every now an then in america , not sure if it specifically originated here , more in casual speech though as it is recommended against in formal writing . 
  the subject ( even more so the phrasing of the title ) is so generic , it is probably more often than not true that some countries in europe would have a statistical rise in migration to israel . 
  new zealand also has a few dozen small isolated islands spread out in that region , which likely had an impact on why the area they are responsible for covering is the shaped the way it is . 
  there are also a couple other small island nations with former ties to the british empire in that area as well , which probably were willing to work together with nz on sar in the region instead of establish their own entirely independent sar region . 
  probably if you are a plane or a ship going out that far , bring a good emergency transponder, 
  remember they are on the south side of the globe , it looks right when you turn the world upside down . 
  it is usually in boston now but it was originally donated to baltimore , so probably one of the more likely port cities to get a visit at times when they do anniversary tours . 
  that needs to be done periodically anyway , paper banknotes average like five years before being withdrawn from circulation , though coins can last for decades . 
  flying to a target 2000km and back in one go works for cargo aircraft or heavy bombers , however fighters or attack aircraft generally do not have anything close to that kind of combat radius . 
  even if they could ferry further distances to transfer between bases . 
  the base tax rate and what they actually pay are not exactly the same thing , maybe small business pay that but large multinationals are often screwing the us pubic . 
  the larges entities in states often have a level of control to have legislation passed at state and local levels . 
  vegas right now has odds at 50/50 he gets kicked out of office before the end of his term, 
  well , there is in the percentages they give , since i was curious after seeing how high the percentages are for my state in the map , i looked up more detailed breakdowns . 
  the percentage they give can only be that high if included suicide by firearm , which by itself is almost twice as much as all other homicide types combined for my state . 
  it looks like they are at least including suicide by firearms in the us, 
  at least according to my states statistics , they seem to be including suicides by firearms in the homicide count , which roughly triples the percentage . 
  the lead campaign manager not only fell victim to a phishing scam , he also lost his cell phone in a taxi , with access to his campaign email account . 
  he did apparently at least make it so someone would have to guess a password , unfortunately the one he had chosen was the ridiculously bad p@ssword, 
  though also plenty of examples of the authors incorporating of what the latest generation of work is doing either in theory or practice , then it may happen how they said ( generally over a longer timeframe than hoped ) or may turn out to be wildly different than the early theories ( which in some cases make it like the author did not spend as much time as they did looking into the concept ), 
  well from the public statements of eu officials , it seems the likely outcome as well . 
  your looking at the situation now , the system was passed at a time they were trying to get individual state governments to pool sovereignty , and big vs small state politics goes back to before the us was founded . 
  though over time who the big states are has changed . 
  some concessions on both sides had to be made , otherwise why should the smaller state governments pass legislation to join a union that would likely disproportionately favor large ones . 
  plus it was a long time after merging till there was a shift away from thinking as being a citizen of a state over being a citizen of the united states . 
  also to change it now takes a constitutional ammendment , which takes an abserd amount of political will . 
  you have to get a two thirds majority in both houses of congress and three fourths ( 38 ) of the state governments to ratify that , and a majority of the state governments would be voting to make their citizens future votes count less . 
  while i am certainly not for presidential nepotism , these type of appointments are abused after every election , just most of the time they are going to large campaign donors . 
  we really do need some reform in washington , though i doubt anything constructive on things like this will happen anytime soon . 
  except many of the major poles are designed to predict the electoral college vote if anything and some try for both . 
  if it misses what it was designed to do and accidentally hit the other is not exactly a ringing endorsement for that models future use ; alternatively if it was designed for predicting both , but only half working is not much better , especially since the more important part is what failed . 
  many of the ones i saw did , just in small print . 
  somethile like 90 % voted for their parties candidate , though a majority of both parties voters disliked the candidates their party selected . 
  which is kind of an inherent flaw of a two party system , even if you do not like your parties candidate , it is almost sure you will be more against the other parties candidate . 
  the main change was in how many people decided to vote , with the number of democrats down more across the country , but most critically down in swing states . 
  reminds me of a dr sch\u00e4uble quote , elections can not be allowed to change economic policies, 
  where i am from anything below 60 % is usually considered a failing grade , between 60 % to 70 % is passing but needs improvement , between 70 % and 80 % is where the class average should be , 80 % and 90 % is good but could be improved , 90 % or more is very good . 
  granted politics is more complicated, 
  it seems odd the map maker used one region 's slogan for iraq , there are plenty of other countries with regions that have their own tourism slogans that would make no sense for the country as a whole . 
  english being english took a lot of loan words from france and the meaning of rendez vous is fairly well known . 
  well , at least someone has a plan, 
  one i recently heard : britain is in the process of shifting from half in to half out . 
  right , though given how few teams schedule competitive non-conference games , most before october are semi-exhibition games, 
  as long as they have not entered into some other legal agreement , no . 
  though for several decades most nfl stadiums have been built by the city they play in , with a requirement to perform there for some number of years ( usually around 20-30 years ) . 
  part of why any time leases are nearing ending there is often threats to move unless either a new one is built or the current one is remodeled . 
  `` what do players get from playing in a college football team ? 
  paid scholarship , salary ? '', 
  as the other guy mentioned many get a full scholarship and housing , though there is actually limits on scholarships per team so a percentage are probably just on the team because they want to be , probably on either the practice squad or a backup . 
  there also is food , medical , some miscellaneous expenses and training that is expected , granted if the injury is bad enough some schools have a history of just cutting the guy from the team . 
  the nfl a long time ago set a rule that players must have three years of college before being eligible to be drafted , so it is not much of an option if you think you have any chance at making it . 
  playing at a high level gives more confidence they might be able to transition to nfl and there are going to be some that can make a name for themselves in college that were not expected to from high school levels . 
  one of the big sore spots right now is that not only is salary not allowed , a lot of outside sources of income are problematic due to a history of donors bribing students to play at their favored school . 
  `` so if a player wants to study but can also get a scholarship , then he would be more inclined to sign for a good college , and a player that really wants to make it to the nfl may go to a college like alabama with tradition of winning . '', 
  there is some of that , ironically some of the best university 's teams are a bit hampered by requiring a higher grade average than many of the traditional football powerhouses . 
  then special cases like the military academies . 
  though realistically the shear amount of time it takes to be on the team is going to be a hurdle anywhere . 
  pretty much all of the top tier teams school can provide a decent education , though depending on how much you trust rumors many are willing to help cover for the ones that do not really care about their education , especially the stars of the team that are likely not staying around long enough to get a degree anyway . 
  `` i bet there 's also colleges than ca n't get good players because they are neither a good enough school to attract good students or a team that can reach playoffs . '', 
  at a certain point it does get to people are playing just because they want to and have no expectation of going further , their officially four tiers but maybe more of five tiers . 
  some are probably helped out by regional differences in how good the local/regional popularity is at high school level . 
  - division iii does not offer any scholarships at all - division ii know for infamous `` money games '' where are nearly guaranteed to lose to d1 schools in the first few games of the year but be a good enough challenge to get the d1 school ready for conference play and give the d2 school money to pay staff and hopefully at least partial scholarships to as many as they can . 
  also though often scholarships are broken up between multiple people , there is a limit to the sum of all scholarships being slightly less than half the teams size . 
  - division 1 : fcs - probably has the most variance since many schools that can field a decent squad but also have a lot that football is not major thing , similar total scholarship limit to d2 but here more like 2/3rds of team can be on scholarship . 
  - division 1 : fbs - officially the top of college play , most of the team will have a full ride scholarship but there are plenty known for being the doormat of their conference and even a few of the entire conferences of teams struggle to get respect . 
  here is where most of the fan attention will be and the most argument about what where teams really rank . 
  `` there was never talks about implementing a draft on college football ? '',
