  he did not say he would not want to live next to romanians in general . 
  your own link shows that even ed milliband , who is a left leaning party leader does n't think what he said was racist . 
  still nothing racist there . 
  again you have presented no evidence of racism . 
  by this point i can only assume that you are so unconfident in your ability to prove that ukip is racist that you are just avoiding the question . 
  yes , because the government has a responsibility to its own citizens first and foremost . 
  if there are thousands of unemployed british people , it is the governments responsibility to help them before it helps foreign workers . 
  if you disagree , then you must also believe that it is racists that your government employees eu workers over workers living in africa . 
  you call him a xenophobe and a racist , yet you have presented no evidence for this . 
  i read the article and did n't see anything racist about it . 
  i can go through the whole article and explain line by line why what he said is not racist . 
  but it would be much quicker if you tell me what you think is racist , and i explain to you why i think you are wrong , you know , like a normal conversation might go . 
  it has nothing to do with whether someone is black or muslim , its simply about british workers getting priority over foreign workers . 
  you can be black british , or muslim british . 
  what is it specifically that he said that you consider xenophobic and racist ? 
   i bet you reaaaly miss that janitor or plumber job , what 's wrong with being a janitor or a plumber ? 
   surely the only thing left to do is remove all of them immigrants by all means necessary nobody is suggesting getting rid of anyone . 
   nazism is rising in europe how do you equate ukip with nazism ? 
  where did they point it out ? 
  they just made wild accusations without backing up anything they said . 
  if ukip got into power , then they would introduce a points based immigration policy , which would make it fairer for everone who wants to move to the uk . 
  at the moment , eu citizens have an unfair advantage , with a points based system , everyone would be judged on merit . 
  so your answer to the question `` where are all the polish extremists trying to set the kremlin ablaze ? '', 
  is `` they have n't existed for over 100 years '' . 
   yes , it is racist to say `` nice culture you have there '' or `` islam is anti woman '' when it is very clear that at least several dozen muslims at this wedding were against the actions of the cousin . 
  if even 1 % of a particular group think that honer killings are an acceptable way to respond to a marriage rejection it is too many . 
  finding `` a few dozen '' who disagree with their actions does n't mean that there is not a massive problem among muslims when it comes to their treatment of women . 
  the reason this happened is because islam views women as less equal to men . 
  you can see that in how women are treated by muslims in general . 
  of course this is an extreme example , but it was born out of a general belief that women are less important than men . 
  here is some evidence : [ honor killing the woman for sex outside of marriage is favored over honor killing the man in almost every islamic country . 
  in many muslims countries over half the population believe that honor killings can be justified . 
  ] ( http://www.pewforum.org/files/2013/04/worlds-muslims-religion-politics-society-full-report.pdf ) [ around half of muslims believe that sons and daughters should not have equal inheritance rights . 
  ] ( http://www.pewforum.org/files/2013/04/worlds-muslims-religion-politics-society-full-report.pdf ) [ one in 10 young muslims in the uk believe honour killings can be justified ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/uk/5311244.stm ) [ one in 5 believe honour violence can be justified ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/law-and-order/9151526/one-in-five-young-asians-think-honour-violence-can-be-justified.html ) saying that `` this one event does n't prove islam is anti women '' is meaningless . 
  nobody looks at events in a vacuum , we look at all the evidence presented to us . 
  nobody can take a serious look at how women are treated in islam , regardless of small variations between countries and groups , and say that they are equals to men . 
  this event is just a sad confirmation of this . 
  to say that it had nothing to do with islam is moronic . 
   it 's a very subjective thing . 
  exactly . 
  its totally possible for comments or actions to be `` intrusive '' or `` unwelcome '' to the point that they become sexual harassment . 
  so i do n't think your post `` speaks for itself '' . 
  which of those do you think could not be considered sexual harassment ? 
  since you are a british national you are not here on a tier 2 - skilled worker visa , and therefore are not required by law to meet the requirements of a tier 2 visa , one of which now will be that you earn at least # 35,000 . 
  therefore this change in the rules does not apply to you . 
  is that so easy to do ? 
  how much of the sense of community that many faith schools are praised for has to do with their `` religious nonsense '' ? 
  why ca n't many non faith schools emulate it ? 
  perhaps in the case of catholic and coe schools , the strong sense of community coupled with the ridged moral and behavioral code has a beneficial impact on students . 
  something which non faith schools struggle to emulate . 
  lets discuss some of the information you 've presented . 
  here are the figures on school meals :  for cofe primary and secondary schools . 
  some 74 % of these primaries and 65.5 % of secondaries have a smaller proportion of pupils eligible for free school meals than is average for the local authority . 
  in contrast , non-religious schools tend to reflect their neighbourhoods . 
  half ( 51 % ) of non-religious primaries and 45 % of non-religious secondaries have a smaller proportion of pupils eligible for free school meals than is representative for their local authority . 
  so the difference we are talking about is around 20 % between coe and non faith schools . 
  to me that is a `` room for improvement '' figure , not a `` shut the whole system down '' figure . 
  the difference is even smaller when compared by postcode :  this is the case for 63.5 % of cofe primaries and 40 % of cofe secondaries . 
  non-religious primaries and secondaries are far more likely to mirror the proportion of poor pupils in their postcode -- just 47 % of non-faith primaries and 29 % of non-faith secondaries take a smaller proportion of free school meals than is representative for their postcode . ' so a difference of just 11 % between coe secondaries and non faith secondaries . 
  i think this helps put things in perspective . 
  the wording of the report i think calls into question its impartiality here . 
  around half of all non religious schools having a smaller proportion of pupils eligible for free school meals than is representative is not in my opinion `` reflecting their neighborhoods '' . 
  better than coe schools , but still a lot of room to improve , so perhaps the problem is not solely with religious schools . 
  you are making an awful lot of assumptions without any evidence to back them up . 
  if there is a good school in the area , of course parents will want their kids to get in . 
  all that shows is that faith schools are in high demand because of their performance . 
  perhaps if we encouraged all parents to take as much of an interest in their children education , we would have even more top performing schools . 
  even if you are right , and the selective nature of faith schools does play a part , your biggest mistake i think is assuming that that is the only reason faith schools perform better . 
  you have heard this one argument against faith schools , and have taken it to be the only issue that matters . 
  so while their selective nature might be a small part of why they perform better , you are ignoring all of the other reasons , differences in teaching methods , culture , community and processes , that these schools have . 
  you assume that without faith schools `` taking the best students '' , the attainment of all other schools would improve . 
  your theory assumes that the way faith schools operates have no bearing on attainment , but you have no evidence for this , so it is a dangerous assumption to make . 
  if you had the power to implement your policy , and you were wrong , we would lose many of our best performing schools while improving the attainment very few . 
   the only reason these schools perform better is because in general the parents of the kids who go there take more of an interest in their child 's education than average . 
  well perhaps instead of shutting down all the schools these parents are desperate to get their kids into , we should be encouraging more parents to take an interest in their children 's education . 
  your reasoning does n't really explain why you want to shut down all religious schools , other than a blind ideological hatred of them . 
  they discriminate based on faith , not on academic attainment , and not on family income . 
  faith schools all have their share of problem students , but perhaps they are better at dealing with them ? 
  there was a scheme a while ago where some of the better performing schools in an area would help and advise the worse performing schools , which shows that often the problem is with the leadership and running of the school . 
   surely they 'll come up with a secular curriculum to keep the funding . 
  but as i said , why risk harming the performance of some of the best performing schools ? 
  if a factory is operating well , and one machine breaks down , you replace that machine , you do n't shut down the whole factory . 
   unless you insinuate the religious aspect of it has an impact on their performance , in which case i recommend this . 
  yes lots of people try to explain away why faith schools preform better than non faith schools , but none ever deny that they do perform better . 
  faith schools select on faith , not on academic merit . 
  there were plenty of not so bright kids at the catholic school i attended . 
  but having attended both a faith and non faith school , i can tell you that the biggest difference between them was the sense of community that a faith school fosters . 
  and that is a sentiment i have heard echoed by many people . 
  so again i ask , why change the status quo ? 
  where is your evidence that changing the current system would lift everyone 's attainment , and not just reduce the top level of achievement ? 
  so you would n't just cut funding , you would force the closure of all faith schools ? 
  why would you assume that they would perform just as well ? 
  and why would you risk losing all of those better performing schools based on zero evidence that they will perform as well after ? 
  is it just because you are ideologically opposed to faith schools ? 
   i 'd ideally like to see state funding for religious schools stop in the uk and a firmer secular line taken , some of the best performing schools in the county are religious schools . 
  why not recognize that the real problems only come from certain groups and deal with them directly ? 
  in the uk at least there has been a big increase in the percentage of minimum wage jobs in the economy , which implies that wages are actually falling . 
   caf world giving index indicates that people in anglo-saxon countries are more inclined to private donation than elsewhere . 
  right , but the point i was trying to make was that this is not at the expense of public budgets . 
  the majority of `` anglo-saxon countries '' have some form of free healthcare , education , social support , and any other form of `` public redistribution '' you can think of .
