  i answered it as far as i can tell . 
  ( sure , and we must work towards fixing these issues as well . 
  the change in the laws on gay marriage in many countries shows this is happening . ), 
   we are being held back by a much larger demographic that often has a political majority in the country . 
  we are being held back by both . 
  society as a whole is making progress towards greater equality , but to ignore the problems that exist in the muslim community , to say they `` do n't matter '' is just burying your head in the sand . 
   if we 're talking about gender and marriage equality , muslims are so irrelevant that it makes no sense whatsoever for them to be the central topic of that particular discussion . 
  i agree . 
  my only comment is that the poor treatment of women and the anti gay sentiment displayed by a large proportion of the muslim community has no place in western society , and should not be accepted under any circumstance . 
  it is you who seems to be defending these practices . 
  saying that they are a minority so they `` do n't matter '' . 
  an anti-religious one . 
  not to say that there is anything wrong with that , but what you are saying seems to be what you would like to happen , not what the evidence says is happening . 
   you can find an isolated case or two for even the most extreme practices ... why is this different ? 
  because unfortunately the poor treatment of women is not a minority view among muslims . 
  nor are several other aspects of muslim culture , such as the negative view on homosexuality . 
  this case of segregation is not an isolated indecent , segregation in islam is [ commonly practiced . 
  ] ( http://www.standard.co.uk/news/politics/sex-segregation-at-uk-universities-must-end-david-cameron-says-9003388.html )  more importantly , even if this were more common than it is , a minority does not have the power to hold the majority back . 
  muslims have neither the political power nor the influence in the society to hold back progress . 
  but if women in a country are being subjugated in this way , we are being held back . 
  the fact that women are being treated this way is a symptom of an unequal society . 
   well , in europe , it is usually the old guard conservative parties that block gender equality and marriage equality initiatives . 
  sure , and we must work towards fixing these issues as well . 
  the change in the laws on gay marriage in many countries shows this is happening . 
   eh , access to information actually erodes religion gradually . 
  but you get shorter-term ups and downs . 
  i 'm sure these are all things you would like to think , because they fit with your ideology , but where is your evidence for them . 
  did they suddenly become different people ? 
  a few major events changed the way people think in iran , it can happen anywhere . 
  recessions , disasters , wars . 
  again , it is foolish to just assume that societies are traveling along some predestined path that will not change . 
   more than a few women suffer degradation , abuse and harassment outside minority households , of course , things are n't perfect , but there are real attempts to make things better , and they are getting better . 
  more women in politics , as business leaders etc. 
  there are all things that make the news regularly , so i so i disagree that the media is using these types of stories for `` ammunition '' . 
  segregation is a problem that the west pretty much got over many years ago , and therefore when it is displayed in such an obvious way , it becomes clear to everyone that that part of our society has taken a massive step backwards . 
  the fact is it is much harder for society as a whole to make progress , when some communities are moving backwards . 
  look at iran in the 70 's compared to now . 
  it was almost as liberal as most of europe at the time . 
  it is wrong to assume that liberalism is the natural end state of all cultures . 
  there is no reason to assume that cultures will become less religious over time , and indeed stay that way . 
  the facts do not support your prediction . 
  i disagree . 
  if women are being forced into segregation in this way in my country , not mater how few it may be affecting , and no one was doing anything about it , i consider that an embarrassment , and a great source of shame . 
  if one person is being subjugated in this way , and we do nothing , it reflects badly on the whole of society . 
  culture is complex , the law is less so . 
  this choice is very simple . 
  should this man be able to put up a sign calling for segregation or not ? 
  not according to [ this data , ] ( http://www.voxeu.org/sites/default/files/image/bisinfig1.jpg ) taken from [ this report . 
  ] ( http://www.voxeu.org/article/muslim-immigrants-integration-uk )  figure 1 reports the marginal effects , i.e. 
  the changes in the probability of having a strong religious identity following a one-year increase in the time spent in the uk . 
  they decline for both muslim and non-muslim with time spent in the uk , but the average effect over time is less than 1 % for muslim and more than 3 % for non-muslims . 
  figure 1 also shows that being born in the uk has an effect of decreasing the intensity of religious identity for all immigrants , but this effect is more than two times greater for non-muslims than for muslims . 
   according to our estimates , when the effects of our large set of individual and contextual characteristics have been accounted for , a muslim born in the uk who has spent more than 50 years there has on average the same probability of having a strong religious identity as a first generation non-muslim who has been in the uk for fewer than 20 years . 
  second generation muslims never achieve the ( lower ) level of probability of having a strong religious identity of second generation non-muslims at any point in time . 
  are you suggesting that your experience in one muslim country gives you an understanding of how islam is practiced all over the world ? 
  look at the table in this [ article ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/news/datablog/2013/oct/25/world-gender-gap-index-2013-countries-compare-iceland-uk ) which shows gender equality by country . 
  what do the bottom countries all have in common ? 
  [ along with young muslims . 
  ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/1540895/young-british-muslims-getting-more-radical.html ), 
  the younger generation of muslims , who have grown up in western society are also [ more radical ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/1540895/young-british-muslims-getting-more-radical.html ) than their parents . 
  so its only recent converts , as well as future generations of muslims that we need to worry about . 
  but which takes precedent ? 
  we live in a society where men and women have been treated relatively equally for many years . 
  should we take a step backwards and allow people to put up signs like this , in order to be considerate of other cultures values ? 
  or should we be very clear that this is unacceptable ? 
  is it more important for us to be considerate of their motivations , or to consider the harm their actions can do to our society ? 
  not all muslims follow the same ideology . 
  just because these two muslims disagree , does n't necessarily mean either is alone in their beliefs . 
   i am talking about the journey over the mediterranean sea in a crappy boat that one may or may not survive , followed by smuggling yourself in trains and trucks , stuck in tiny compartments for hours . 
  why is the difficulty of the journey relevant when discussing whether someone has the right to illegally enter another country ? 
  i 'm sure it is unpleasant to illegally cross the boarder into the eu , but surely that is a good thing . 
  genuine migrants go through the correct legal channels to gain the right to stay . 
  criminals break the law . 
   close one hole , they 'll find another . 
  take all the billions invested in the usa-mexico fence , has n't made a dent . 
  the sea makes a pretty effective boarder on its own . 
  remember , many of the migrants only make it across because we rescue them . 
  money is always going to be spent paroling the boarder , whether for rescue missions or to deter migrants . 
  the difference is in all your examples it is legal migration . 
  each country has rules as to who can enter and legal ways of gaining access to the country . 
  people with legitimate reasons to migrate can always find a legal way . 
  when you have no legitimate reason , or when you have been denied legal access , that is when you resort to illegal means of entering a country . 
  that also makes you a criminal . 
  every time one of these criminals illegally enters a country , they make it a little bit harder for the people who choose to follow the rules , and try to get here legally . 
  the people in genuine need , who are truly desperate and need our help . 
  why support the criminals over them ? 
  you may live a comfortable life , but there are many people living around you who are poor and desperate . 
  its not as simple as europeans - rich and happy , africans and middle easterners - poor and desperate . 
  no , and neither have a large number of migrants crossing the med . 
  thousands of people from all over africa and the middle east try to make the crossing , simply for economic reasons . 
  genuine refugees should be considered , but the majority are not genuine refugees . 
   do you honestly not think you 'll run like hell to escape your country if your life is in danger ? 
  do you honestly think all the people in those boats trying to get into europe are doing so because their life is in danger ? 
  it depends how it is implemented . 
  i would like to see a system which maintains local representation while also being proportional to how people voted . 
  i agree that that does happen , but i think it also a bit of an over-generalization . 
  we saw a huge number of seats change hands in the last election , and a huge number of people change their voting habits . 
  the fact that ukip went from about 3 % to being the third largest party by popular vote proves this . 
  the issue of `` strongholds '' is more an issue of our voting system , which i think we desperately need to change . 
  my point is that it * does * happen .
