  the conservatives as a party are pro-eu , but there are at least 60 conservative mps who are going against the party 's pro-eu stance . 
   the duty of a representative is indeed to `` act in the best way possible for their constituents '' , and that is not the same thing as simply acting on whatever the majority of his/her constituents currently want . 
  which is why i said if '' those sentiments on the whole turn out to be justifiable '' . 
   they are an agent who is expected to be better informed than their constituents , and who represents their interests , not their wishes . 
  again this was my point , which i backed up by showing that at least 60 conservative mps believe that it is in the best interests of their constituents that we get some major reforms of the eu or we leave . 
  sometime people wishes and what is in there best interest do actually align . 
  right , but there are `` well researched and ideologically justified '' opinions on both sides of the eu debate , and if the majority of your constituents hold anti eu sentiments , and those sentiments on the whole turn out to be justifiable , then it is the duty of an mp to act in the best way possible for their constituents , which wold mean campaigning for change or a uk exit . 
  as i said , a large number of conservative mps already feel this way :  a group of 60 tory mps have signed up to conservatives for britain , warning that they will campaign for an exit unless the prime minister toughens his negotiating stance on issues such as national sovereignty . 
  that quote is suggesting that the mp knows what is in the best interest for their constituents , and is able to make the right choices for them day to day . 
  if the majority of your constituents wish to see massive reform of the eu , or for the uk to leave , and you take the opposite view , you are hardly representing the people who voted for you . 
  there are many eurosceptic conservative mps , so clearly a large number are putting the vies of their constituents above the party line . 
  uk voters do n't vote for parties , they vote for representatives , who are supposed to represent their views in parliament . 
  there are plenty of eurosceptic conservative mps . 
   you could tell when scottish nationalists realised that they had lost the referendum about a month before the vote what referendum were you watching ? 
  the yes campaign thought they had a good chance of wining right up until the result . 
   they are n't entitled to actively campaign against their party 's position what about their constituents wishes ? 
  surely it is the duty of an mp to first and foremost represent the people who elected them . 
   that 's # 1billion per person near enough . 
  # 58 billion between 64 million people people is # 900 per person . 
   why is n't that enough ? 
  i 'm not an expert on how to run an organisation as complex as the nhs and neither are you , so neither of us can really answer that question with any confidence . 
   basically no clear answer because the truth will lose them votes . 
  actually they have been pretty clear that they believe the nhs will have to change in one way or another , and they have suggested several possibilities . 
  unlike the other parties , who keep lying to the public , telling them they will `` protect the nhs '' , and keep it exactly as it is , knowing full well there is no way we can continue to fund it in the way we do . 
  ukip are the only party being honest about the nhs . 
   they might have relatives there , the food they used to eat is probably offered there , it 's easier to make acquaintances there when your german are n't yet up to par these are all example of immigrants chooses not to integrate , which is exactly the point i am making . 
   if it 's not even a threatening phenomenon , then why are we talking about it ? 
  the post i was replying to was blaming the lack of integration by immigrants on the fact that natives sometimes choose to move away from areas of high immigration . 
  i am simply arguing that it is often the immigrants themselves who choose not to integrate . 
   there would n't be immigrants from two national origins there because , what cultural link is there between them ? 
  which areas are you specifically talking about ? 
  i would expect that if there are areas with multiple large immigrant groups , those two groups would not be integrated themselves . 
  obviously multiple immigrant groups can exist near each other , but that does not mean they are integrated . 
  economics does play a part , but again , if that was the only reason immigrants moved to where they did , they would be as equally spread as the native population , which they are not . 
   if they can only afford one of those `` neighbourhoods '' , it 's no wonder . 
  they might even already have relatives there . 
  in which case there would be a proportional spread of immigrants from all over the world in those areas , not just from one cultural background . 
  that is rarely the case . 
   you ca n't seriously be finding them staying together that `` destructive '' or `` threatening '' . 
  another moronic straw man argument . 
  where have i descried anything as `` destructive '' or `` threatening '' ? 
   do you really think immigrants `` go to live '' wherever they want just because of people from their cultural background already living there if what you are saying was true there would be an proportional spread of all immigrants in poorer areas , but that is never the case . 
  the very fact that you can point to areas which are dominated by senegal and pakistan immigrants goes to prove my point . 
  why just these two groups ? 
  there are immigrants from all over the world coming to europe , why do those groups dominate some areas . 
   no reason to expect ukip would be any different no reason to expect they would be anything like the same either . 
  they are completely different parties . 
   what is the `` local culture '' in germany ? 
  is being a good protestant part of it ? 
  hardly . 
  straw man argument . 
  nobody has mentioned religion , why are you bringing it up ? 
   if you do these things you 're about as integrated as reasonably possible , same in most decent countries . 
  if you look at where immigrants choose to settle , it tends to be in places where there are already a large number immigrants from the same country as them . 
  how is that integration ? 
  if immigrants really wanted to integrate , then they would be pretty much evenly spread across the countries they move to . 
  that is never the case . 
  if you only want to live around people with the same cultural background as yourself , you do n't really want to integrate . 
  its as simple as that . 
   integration ca n't end up meaning that immigrants need to whiten their skin or become good christians . 
  your arguments are moronic . 
  nobody is suggesting anything of the sort . 
  sounds like both of you live in a bit of a bubble . 
   ukip has at best have minor relevance third largest party in the uk by number of votes . 
  i would say that the onus is on the people coming to a country to integrate with the local culture . 
  if you are looking to specifically live and work with people from your native country , you are n't even making an attempt to integrate . 
  if the native population is choosing to leave an area due to immigration , its not because one or two immigrant families have arrived , its because the culture of the area has changed to such an extent that natives no longer feel comfortable living there . 
  immigrants always look to settle with people with a similar cultural background . 
  it happens everywhere , and it has noting to do with `` natives not being welcoming '' . 
  there are more important things to aim for than just economic growth . 
  who cares if a few multinational corporations increased their uk profits by a few percentage points ? 
  is that really more important that a lack of housing , falling wages and underemployment ? 
  you conveniently missed out the other major cause of economic growth , and that is the increase in house prices , caused in part by an increase in demand from immigration . 
  by your logic we should just stop building houses all together . 
  house prices rise , which cause the size of the economy grow . 
   and those are not a problem and little more than statistical noise . 
  i 'm not talking about unemployed migrants . 
  i 'm talking about the families of the people who work . 
  who need schools , hospitals , houses and other infrastructure . 
  we currently need to build 250,000 homes a year , as well as expanding the associated infrastructure just to keep up with demand . 
   the uk is not in shengen , therefore it can maintain its borders as it pleases . 
  no it ca n't . 
  the shengen agreement simply removes passport controls between members . 
  as a member of the eu the uk is still bound by the rules on movement of people . 
   there simply are n't that many eastern europeans and as the living standards in these countries are rising fewer will come and some might even return from the uk . 
  i do n't know what you think the issue people have with immigration is , but numbers are n't the only concern . 
  already we have seen unemployment and wage suppression as a result . 
  the number of minimum wage jobs is increasing at its fastest rate ever , because more and more jobs can be done by immigrants for min wage , which before might have been well paid jobs . 
  great for businesses , not so great for the people who need jobs . 
  be dismissive if you like , but its foolish to think its not a common feeling , throughout the whole of europe , and a problem which will eventually come to a head if not dealt with . 
  you ca ' t ignore the public forever . 
   britain already has full control over your borders : you 're not in shengen , remember ? 
  not being a member of shengen does n't give us full control over who comes in and out of the country . 
  what else can you define border security as ? 
   you want to put quota 's on how many europeans get to live in britain ? 
  do you realize how many brits use these treaties themselves in the rest of europe ? 
  i do , and if british citizens are becoming a problem in europe , i fully support giving those countries the power to limit the number of british citizens entering their countries . 
  you are looking for hypocrisy where there is none . 
   free movement for workers is one of the bedrock principles of the single market free movement of workers , not people in general . 
   this all feels too much like britain wanting to show who is boss , the main thing the people of britain want changed in our relation ship with europe is to take back control of our boarders .
