  so you could n't be more wrong . 
   first of all , its a human right to apply for asylum in a safe country , wrong again . 
  it is a human right to apply in the first safe county you reach . 
  for most that is turkey . 
  even if you think turkey is safe , next would be greece . 
  there is absolutely no way that germany is the first safe country they get to . 
   most countries do not recognize turkey as a safe state . 
  or jordan , or lebanon or egypt or any country outside the eu plus a very few select ones . 
  that is absolute nonsense . 
  i think you might be confused about the safe country of origin principle . 
  there are certain countries in the world the the eu agrees there is almost zero persecution , and those are relatively few as you say , but that has absolutely nothing to do with the asylum application process . 
  people are not automatically granted asylum from turkey . 
  you still have to make an asylum application , and show that your life is at risk in turkey . 
  honestly it sounds like you are arguing over something you know absolutely nothing about . 
   the problem with your idea is , that the countries they took refuge in are treating them like dirt . 
  no work , no school , no access to health care , little food , etc. 
  they are treating them like refugees . 
  it is difficult to provide for everyone . 
  that 's why countries like the uk are helping by taking genuine refugees from the camps in turkey , and not letting the criminals into their country . 
   why do you think experts agree with my points mostly ? 
  which experts ? 
  seeing as even germany is now backing the use of refugee camps i would say you are pretty much on your own at this point . 
   no , you are just too dumb to grasp that concept . 
  calm down , take a deep breath , and really try to think about these definitions :  refugee - a person who flees for refuge or safety , especially to a foreign country ,  economic migrant - a person who travels from one country or area to another in order to improve their standard of living . 
  now , which one of the two best describes a person traveling from turkey to europe ? 
  its not that hard . 
  what is happening in syria is terrible , and we should be doing everything we can to help the people who have been displaced . 
  but we can only do that if we have a plan , and we stick to it . 
  that plan currently is to figure out who is a genuine refugee , and take them from the camps in turkey to europe . 
  yes there are a lot of people in turkey to evaluate , but what do you expect ? 
  you are foolish and naive to expect the process to be completed quickly , and the worst part of it is this : ** every single person who breaks the law by illegally crossing into europe make is harder for the genuine refugees who are following the rules back in turkey . 
  ** try to remember that when you criticize people for not wanting criminals to be welcomed into their countries . 
  why should people who are willing to break the law get precedent over the people who are following the rules ? 
   why ca n't you people , for once , think outside of the box ? 
  your comments are rude and painfully naive . 
  you are wrapped up in your own ideology and are completely unable to understand any other point of view , and that 's really sad . 
  you do n't have all the answers , and you would do well to listen to others . 
  you might learn something . 
   they are not allowed to work in turkey  so in your opinion they suddenly transform from refugees to economic migrants that way ? 
  if someone is coming to europe because they want a job , that is literally the definition of an economic migrant . 
  what danger are they running from in turkey ? 
  none . 
  therefore they are not a refugee . 
  there is noting f ` ed-up about it . 
  its pretty obvious if you think about it for just a few seconds . 
   this is so much bullshit , why not actually engage with what i am saying rather than make angry little comments like this ? 
  you 've written a lot , but said very little . 
   the only reason eastern european countries do n't want the refugees is because they ca n't afford it in the first place , germany invites the migrants to live in germany , and then when too many come , it decides that eastern europe , which is poor , has very little power on the world stage , and had noting to do with the syrian conflict , has to start taking the refugees germany invited . 
  how is that fair ? 
   the german announcement to not deport syrians back to the external border states , that is an invitation for anyone who wants to come , to make the journey , it does n't need to be spun . 
  if you know that you you will be guaranteed the right to stay , that is a massive incentive for you to try . 
  and the truth is , it probably lead to a lot more people drowning , taking the risk , trying to make it to germany . 
  it was an incredibly stupid thing to do . 
  the problems with the refugee crisis go back much further than that . 
  we were warned long ago that inviting refugees en mass , as countries like germany have been doing would lead to massive problems , and it has . 
  offering a few concessions , such as putting up a few fences , is too little to late . 
  it is questionable whether any of the migrants who have illegally crossed the boarder into europe can be considered genuine refugees . 
  and many people would say that the people who stayed behind in turkey , and obeyed the rules , are the ones we should be helping first . 
  processing centers outside of the eu , boarder controls , taking actual refugees from the camps in turkey , and turning illegal migrants away , these are all suggestions that were made right at the start of this crisis , and were all called inhumane and a breach of eu law . 
  at last eu leaders are seeing the error of their way , but if europe had acted with its head , instead of its heart from the beginning , there would be less problems , less anger over the crisis , and we could be sure we had helped many more people in genuine need . 
   dire need if they have crossed from turkey to europe , they are not really in dire need . 
  they are economic migrants . 
  and if someone is going to turn to violent radicalism simply because they are denied exactly the life that they want , they are not the sort of people we want here under any circumstances . 
   anywho ... less hatred , more constructive criticism ? 
  actual policy suggestions ? 
  i think part of the problem is that the `` constructive criticism '' that has been suggested over the last few months has fallen on deaf ears . 
  it is understandable that people will become more extreme in their views when they feel like their concerns are being ignored . 
  it is also an effective tactic for undermining peoples genuine criticisms . 
  ignore them until people get angry , then criticize them for acting out of anger . 
   but the german government does n't want them . 
  germany has to take them by law ( german constitution ) . 
  what part of the constitution prevents processing asylum requests outside of germany ? 
   if you take around a million , you simply spend too much money on flights , and it would not be fair they do n't literally need to be flights . 
  you could use buses and ferries . 
  the point is that germany could take responsibility for them at the camps in turkey , which would fix the problem of thousands of people risking their lives crossing the med , and solve the issues that countries like hungry have been having with migrants illegally crossing their boarders . 
  many of the migrants coming to germany will not receive asylum anyway , and will have to be sent back . 
  what is the point of them coming all this way , and causing so many problems , when they could have had their application processed in turkey ? 
  its not fair on the countries that have to put up with migrants crossing their boarders every day to get to germany . 
  if germany wants the migrants , they should take responsibility for their journey . 
  why is it nonsense to suggest flying the refugees in ? 
  that 's exactly what the uk has proposed to do . 
  decide how many refugees you want to take , then fly them in from the camps in turkey . 
  so are you saying these men chose to leave their families in danger to come here , rather than take them to a safe country like turkey first ? 
  exactly my point , they are choosing to leave a safe place , to go somewhere dangerous . 
  that is the opposite of a refugee . 
  they may have been in fear for their lives when they crossed from syria into turkey , not so much when they left turkey to cross the med . 
  saying they fell , when the husband pushed them down intentionally , and implying that the police had anything to do with the fall . 
  they have n't fixed anything . 
  they said they `` fell '' , when it is clear that the man pushed them down on purpose , then positioned himself to look like he was trying to protect them . 
   the uk is nothing on its own . 
  5th largest economy in the world and fastest growing western economy . 
  i think the situation is similar in many countries . 
  in the uk there is plenty of housing in the north of the country , but no one wants to live there , so there is a massive over demand for housing in the south . 
  now , you might say , that 's not a problem , because people can just move north if they really want a house , but all of the jobs are in the south , so actually they ca n't . 
  and what about the families and communities who have lived together for generations ? 
  the children who cant afford to buy a house in the town they grew up in because of all the extra demand ? 
  is that fair ? 
  what about the social impact ? 
  that 's not really the point . 
  the point is that its easy to say you will accept the cute little refugee boys and girls that nobody has a problem with , pretty much every country would be willing to do that .
