  it is not a case of public or private charity , they have both . 
  the only exception to this might be the usa , but they are just that , the exception . 
  what utter nonsense . 
  are you seriously blaming all the worlds problems on britain ? 
  you understanding of world history is appalling . 
  ok , and the rest of europe ? 
  you are the one claiming there is a difference in approach between the uk and continental europe , so why does the uk provide more foreign aid than most countries in the region ? 
  you still have n't actually explained what you mean by voluntarily/involuntarily distribution and how it relates to charitable giving ? 
  what do you mean by voluntarily/involuntarily distribution ? 
  how is it different across europe , and how does that relate to charitable giving ? 
  the uk give more than any other eu country in [ foreign aid , ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_governments_by_development_aid ) which is collected through taxation . 
  speaking multiple languages is n't the only measure of how educated someone is . 
  [ the uk ranks higher than france in terms of standards of education . 
  ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/education/education-news/global-school-rankings-interactive-map-shows-standards-of-education-across-the-world-10247405.html ) as others have said , many people in the uk simply do n't see the need to learn multiple languages , as they do n't need to use them in day to day life , and so they choose to educate themselves in other areas instead . 
  if british immigrants are causing problems in other countries , those countries have every right to bring attention to that problem , just as british citizens have every right to suggest there might be a problem with immigration in britain . 
  we could improve the conditions in the camps dramatically if we spent more resources there rather than on housing migrants in europe . 
  the uk leaving the eu does not automatically mean all expats are forced out . 
  that is a decision that the eu , or individual eu members have to make themselves , therefore there is no reason expats need to be given a vote in this referendum . 
  they should however get a vote if the eu holds a referendum on whether to kick out the expats after the uk leaves , as that would directly affect them . 
  the uk choosing to leave the eu is not the same as the uk forcing expats to come home . 
  if eu countries choose to kick out uk expats , that is entirely their choice . 
  the more relevant discussion to have would be , if eu countries vote on whether or not uk expats get to stay , do those expats get to take part in that vote ? 
  it is the eu who would have to decide whether or not to kick out those expats , so that is the decision that they should get a vote in . 
  the uk leaving the eu is actually completely irrelevant to their situation . 
  they have legally gained residence in those countries , so their is no reason , short of eu spite , they would be suddenly kicked out if the uk left . 
  so did you not read the article then ? 
  we are talking about expats who have been away for more than 15 years , as the article states :  any british person who has n't lived in the uk in the last 15 years currently can not register to vote in elections and referendums . 
  conservative and labour front-bench peers argued in favour of keeping the rule , but lords from all sides of the chamber also called for it to be scrapped . 
   there are an estimated 5.2 million brits living abroad with 1.3 million residing in other eu nations . 
  there is no breakdown of how many have been outside the uk for more than 15 years . 
  please inform yourself properly before accusing me of `` talking bullshit '' . 
  yes we are only talking about expats who have been away for over 15 years , as per the article :  any british person who has n't lived in the uk in the last 15 years currently can not register to vote in elections and referendums . 
  conservative and labour front-bench peers argued in favour of keeping the rule , but lords from all sides of the chamber also called for it to be scrapped . 
   there are an estimated 5.2 million brits living abroad with 1.3 million residing in other eu nations . 
  there is no breakdown of how many have been outside the uk for more than 15 years . 
   i 'd go as far as to say that not allowing british citizens living abroad within the eu to vote on this amounts to manipulating the election . 
  those are the rules that are already in place for general elections , so why would they change for the referendum ? 
  now [ lowering the voting age to 16 specifically for the eu referendum ] ( http://www.libdems.org.uk/16-year-olds-vote-europe-eu-referendum ) i can definitely see being a manipulation of the vote . 
   as it stands , they are british citizens who can not influence a decision by the british government that will have severe consequences for their life . 
  but that is how it is already . 
  they can not vote in general elections , so why should they be able to vote in the referendum ? 
   i do however agree that not letting expat uk citizens vote is definitely manipulation of the result . 
  not really , its how it is in general elections already . 
  allowing them to vote would be the manipulation . 
  the rate of change is what matters to most people . 
  everywhere changes over time , and that 's fine . 
  but its understandable that people get upset when they seen the places they live change drastically right in front of them . 
  there wo n't be far right governments . 
  the reason that the loudest anti mass immigration voices are on the far right at the moment is that we have created a situation where anyone who questions mass immigration gets labeled racist , so only the most extreme people who do n't care about being labeled like that speak up about it . 
  thankfully things are changing , and more and more ordinary people are voicing their disapproval . 
  this is leading to the rise of more moderate anti immigration groups . 
   and what point are you trying to make ? 
  that mass immigration leads to poor cultural integration . 
   jews have seating orders separated by genders as well , yet i do n't see a major protest against that . 
  because jews tend to be a small and quiet part of the community . 
  there are 6 million jews in europe , and that number is shrinking . 
  there are 44 million muslims , and that number is rising . 
  i am against jews segregating as well , but it 's a problem not anywhere near on the same scale . 
  so your defense of `` the jews do it so it so you ca n't complain when muslims do it '' does not hold water . 
  also , there are actual movements aimed at [ reforming judaism , ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/reform_judaism ) including bringing an end to the segregation you described . 
  there are no such equivalent movements for reforming islam . 
   how about starting with the fact that the german islamist scene is dominated by converts , what is the point you are trying to make ? 
  someone must have converted them . 
  and the situation i described creates a perfect breeding ground for converting people to extremism . 
   show me the major german politican who has somehow advocated that we need to let people become islamists and fight for isis because of `` cultural sensitivity '' . 
  do n't be stupid , i did n't say that at all . 
  i said that many views which are not compatible with western societies go unchallenged because people wish to be culturally sensitive , and hope that these communities will simply `` catch up '' on their own . 
  things like politicians attending [ segregated meetings ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/politics/labour/11581329/senior-labour-politicians-liam-byrne-and-tom-watson-attend-segregated-muslim-rally.html ) for example . 
   islamism is currently not a major problem here well it certainly will be in a few years , since your politicians have completely ignored the lessons learned from other european countries . 
  mass immigration from muslim countries will lead to more and more muslim `` ghettos '' forming . 
  by ignoring integration , the cultural practices of those people will continue uninterrupted , both good and bad . 
  the uk actually went through a very similar process . 
  mass immigration was forced on us , and anyone who openly opposed it was called a racist , even though the majority of people opposed it . 
  it was actually the bnp , a far right party , who first started to gain support by complaining about mass immigration . 
  they were called racist , and quite rightly because they were . 
  but that opened peoples eyes to see that they were n't the only ones who had a problem with what was happening . 
  this lead to ukip which has become a more moderate anti mass immigration party , and is now the third largest party in the country by number of votes . 
  the existence of pegida shows that germans are becoming less willing to stay quite about their feelings . 
  the extremists have spoken up first , as they did in britain , but it wo n't be long before the moderate majority starts to speak up . 
  this has already started , with germany 's changing opinion on the migrant crisis . 
  i think your splitting hairs . 
  of course moderates would not call themselves anti-islam , but that 's not the point of what i am saying . 
  the point is that moderate groups do n't have a chance of forming , so only extreme groups who use terms like `` anti islam '' exist . 
  that there is a problem with integration in many muslim communities . 
  when you are surrounded with people from your own cultural background , obviously your view are less likely to be challenged . 
  that is a problem when may of your views are at odds with the views of the majority who live in that country . 
  especially when there are many people who are willing to ignore it when some of those views cause problems under the guise of `` cultural sensitivity '' , or under the mistaken belief that their views will change over time to match the majority . 
  add to that the fact that there is very little oversight as to what happens within mosques in europe , and the spread of wahhabism within those mosques , and its no surprise that many muslims become indoctrinated into fighting . 
  that does n't really answer the question . 
  is everyone that holds a racist view an extremist ? 
   no one but extremists cries about `` islamization '' . 
  no one but conspiracy theorists theoritizes about germany `` still being occupied '' . 
  no one but fundamental pro-lifers organize `` marches for life '' . 
  correct those are extremist views . 
  some more moderate concerns might include worrying about the reports of segregation and radicalization in muslim communities . 
  do you consider it an `` extremist view '' to be concerned that thousands of european muslims chose to travel to the middle east to fight for isis ? 
   racists are n't moderate . 
  does that mean that you would put someone who for example thinks that indians are tight with their money in the same bracket as the leader of the kkk ? 
  do your views go both ways ? 
  does someone who thinks that east asians are really considerate get labeled an extremist becuase their views are based on racial prejudices ?
