  people in britain are not happy with the current state of immigration and want to change that . 
  it has nothing to do with `` showing who 's boss '' , most people recognize the befits of being a member of the eu . 
  again you have provided no evidence for your claims . 
  you may well be right , but the entire point of your post was to provide evidence of your claims , which you have failed to do . 
  i 'm not claiming sweden is or is n't anything . 
  i 'm asking for reliable evidence before you start declaring what is fact and what is not . 
  that 's very useful , but again , it only shows data for sweden . 
  is the number of victims above or below average ? 
  my argument is that you can not tell for sure which country has the worst record on rape because the statistics are not comparable . 
  therefore ops title is incorrect . 
  well its the title of the post , so i would think so . 
   they are n't wrong , they 're just measured entirely differently . 
  therefore you can not draw any conclusions from the data presented . 
  does sweden have a higher than average number of incidents of rape when compared to the rest of the world ? 
  we can not say for sure because the statistics are not available . 
  op has noticed a discrepancy in the recording methods , which they are correct to highlight , yet they have drawn conclusions from this discrepancy which are not backed up by any data available . 
  if the statistics are not reliable , then how can they make the following statement with any certainty ? 
   is sweden now the rape capital of the world ? 
  all you have done is try to explain away the statistics . 
  you have n't actually provided any evidence that they are wrong . 
  that 's because there are n't any more moderate rebel groups left in syria . 
  they have all been killed off or taken over by more radical groups . 
  that 's a a massive over simplification . 
  we were supporting some rebels . 
   if you want to do something about this crisis , why do n't you actually start paying for your military forces and invite nato and un forces to go there and enforce the peace . 
  when we try to intervene , we are blamed for all the problems that arise in the region , and told that as a result we have a responsibility to take refugees from the area . 
  when we do n't intervene , we are told that things are getting worse because of our inaction , and if we are not going to do anything , the least we should be doing is taking more refugees from the area . 
  they are now the third biggest party in terms of vote share . 
  lots of scots do n't want independence , but like the snps other policies . 
  so they voted no for independence , but will vote snp in the election . 
   it was people that chose to keep the current voting system on a referendum in 2011 . 
  the no to av campaign was pretty [ underhanded . 
  ] ( https://frigsociety.files.wordpress.com/2011/04/no-to-av-baby-campaign-005.jpg ), 
  that does n't make any sense . 
  nobody is denying the genocide , they are just denying it was a genocide ? 
  it may be a technicality , but those calling it a genocide are not wrong , so the only people who look silly are those arguing it is not . 
  if they could accept what it was , things could move forward . 
   this whole charade is about calling it a genocide . 
  exactly this . 
  no one is trying to make anyone feel guilty . 
  its about recognising what truly happened . 
  turkey agreeing that what happened was a genocide does not suddenly make the people of turkey today responsible . 
  what it does do is bring international recognition , and some justice for the people who suffered as a result of it . 
  the people who were responsible at the time are the ones who are to blame . 
  its like saying that accusing the nazis of carrying out the holocaust is unfair on germans today . 
  or indeed the germans of today denying the holocaust took place because they had nothing to do with it . 
  but why are those traits that only europe has to embrace ? 
  you seem to have a very eurocentric view of the world . 
  the truth is we can not solve the worlds problems , and very often there are other groups , closer to where the problems originate , that are actually far better placed to solve those problems . 
   iraq/syria situation or lybia none of those situations are black and white by any stretch of the imagination . 
  but why is it our responsibility to provide safety , and why should we bear the burden if it is not provided ? 
   but more importantly , we have the power to help these people . 
  even of it is n't our fault that they 're doing bad , we are still morally obliged to help them . 
  this i agree with , but it is a world away from your original point . 
  we should help because we are able , not because anyone tries to make us feel responsible for their situation . 
   you can see in the regions where the west did not fuck up , things are generally going well . 
  see kenya and botswana . 
  sorry but you argument is incredibly weak . 
  you 've just picked two regions with little recent western intervention which are relatively stable . 
  i can point to many more regions with just as little recent western intervention which are not stable . 
  not to mention your examples do n't even make sense . 
  what western intervention caused the problems in somalia ? 
  somalia was controlled by western powers as recently as kenya was , so by your logic , they should have similar problems . 
  funny how when we intervene in other countries conflicts , we are accused of `` fucking up the region '' and causing the problems that force people to leave , but when we do n't intervene , things escalate and we are accused of not doing enough to stabilize the region , which forces people to leave . 
  its almost like the world is n't black and white , and sometimes there is no perfect course of action . 
   maybe we 'd better try and make sure they do n't have to start these journeys so its europe 's responsibility to make the whole world safe ? 
  the point of nuclear weapons is to act as a deterrent . 
  we use them every day , by making the thought of attacking our country unthinkable for everyone else . 
  you look at the rest of the world and say `` there is no threat to us any more '' . 
  but part of the reason you see no threat is that we have a capable military and nuclear deterrent . 
  if we were to get rid of those things , as you suggest , the world would become a much more threatening place . 
  you can look into a lion enclosure from behind three inches of reinforced glass , and quite rightly say , `` i 'm perfectly safe here , those lions are no threat to me '' . 
  the logical conclusion from that however is not to say , `` we might as well get rid of this glass then '' . 
   newsflash guys on two fronts , we 're not an empire anymore we 're just a reasonable sized country at 60 million with the sixth largest economy in the world and one of the fastest growing economies in the western world . 
  i know we are supposed to be self deprecating and all that , but sometimes people really underplay our standing in the world . 
   iceland sent 4 ( yes , 4 ) soldiers to afghanistan when the us pulled nato into the incredible waste of life and money into afghanistan so next time around let our contribution be similar your first point was basically taken straight out oft the green party manifesto , so i think its worth pointing out that the green party advocate us leaving nato as well . 
   germany does n't have nuclear weapons or much of a military germany has the 7th highest military spending of any country in the world . 
   russia 's intent will continue to be salami tactics ( annexing by slice ) like soldiers on vacation in ukraine at which point even the might of the us military is useless . 
  which is why we need to have as many options available to us a possible . 
  who knows what the world will look like 10 years from now . 
  travelling from sudan or niger to the uk , i see several safe countries . 
  the point they was making is that if you are a true refugee , according to eu law you should seek asylum in the [ first safe country ] ( http://www.asylumlawdatabase.eu/en/keywords/first-country-asylum ) you arrive at . 
  if you choose to leave that country and go somewhere else in the eu to live , you are an illegal immigrant . 
   farge is n't going to say anything racist , so what he says is n't racist . 
   but his beliefs about immigrants as well as his policies scream racist if he does n't say anything racist , how do you know what his beliefs are ? 
   because other politicians have used similar tactics to do racist things in america . 
  so you are judging him personally based on the actions of people who share certain traits with him ? 
  that is pure discrimination and prejudice . 
   the entire point is to portray one 's self as not being a racist while actually being a racist . 
  that is a meaningless criticism . 
  i could say that about literally anyone who is n't openly racist . 
  show evidence , not baseless accusations . 
  again , another person is accusing farage of being racist and failing to provide any evidence . 
  just a sentence that is unequivocally racist is all im looking for . 
  again you can ask the leftwing leader [ ed milliband ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/generalelection/ed-miliband-says-ukip-supporters-migration-concerns-are-based-on-reality-not-prejudice-10018694.html ) that , as they were his comments . 
   `` you get a situation where people are being brought here , being paid less than the minimum wage , or 15 people being in a house , '' he said . 
  if ed miliband and nigel farage agree on something , and you disagree , i think you are fighting a losing battle . 
  he was referencing the very real problem of romanian men moving to this country , and living sometime up to 15 people to one three bedroom house . 
  in order to avoid paying taxes . 
  he was saying that he would not like to live next door to a bunch of romanian criminals , which is impossible to disagree with .
