  but what are you going to do with the millions of adult refugees that need jobs and houses ? 
  those are the real problem . 
  its pretending to be a part of the solution , when in reality you are only willing to help as long as it is on your terms , and your terms do n't really help anyone . 
  what do you mean ? 
   lack of housing is simply not a problem germany has outside of the biggest cities . 
  well yes , in most countries the real problem with housing does tend to be in the most heavily populated places , because that 's where people actually want to live . 
  sounds like an absolute wonderland . 
  if things are as good as you say , i ca n't imagine anyone ever complaining . 
  however , since so many do , i think you might be looking at things through rose tinted glasses . 
  well that woman was pretty delusional . 
  saying she would be happy to accept a 12 year old orphan refugee into her home , when in reality 95 % of refugees to europe are men in their 20 's or 30 's . 
  its a nice gesture , but it is n't going to fix the problem . 
  plus your unlikely to find anyone who actually wants to go to iceland , they tend to be much too picky in where they go . 
   i dont care sacrificing a bit then you should make the sacrifice . 
  the problem is , it wo n't be you that has to make the sacrifice . 
  it will be the poorest and most vulnerable in your country that suffer the most , from wage compression , from lack of housing , and from longer hospital waiting times . 
  you wo n't be affected , but the poorest will . 
   since you seem to think the countries those refugees come from are n't so bad , right ? 
  they ca n't be that bad , after all these men left their families behind when they came here . 
   the lack of any rule over huge territories and the fight between the power-hungry factions of iraq and libya really served as a catalyser . 
  which is why the government should n't have succumb to public pressure and left iraq early . 
  we should have stayed and finished the job . 
  the reason the iraq army runs from isis , and leaves their equipment for them to collect , is that they are not prepared to face such an enemy . 
  there was huge public pressure to `` bring the troops home '' , and that meant we left before we could fully secure the region . 
  the reason iraq is in the state it is , is not simply that we intervened , but that we did n't finish the job . 
  the arab spring would have spread to iraq eventually , even if we had not intervened , and iraq would probably be in an even worse state than it is now . 
  isis would have come along eventually anyway . 
  it was the arab spring which really allowed them to flourish . 
  there are a lot of muslim countries around syria that can take muslim refugees . 
  there are n't any counties in the area that it is really safe for a christian refugee to travel to , therefore it only make logical sense that if western countries are going to take refugees , they should start with the christians , who will not be able to find safety anywhere else . 
   sure ... except you 're missing one fact here . 
  by reddit 's rules , mods can run a sub-reddit anyway they see fit , so if they really wanted to prevent discussion on immigration they would be perfectly within their rules to do so . 
  and everyone would leave , because immigration is an issue that effects everyone , and banning it outright would be stupid . 
  the mods are trying to imply that it is the users fault that this action has been taken , when in actual fact they simply want to appear to be open minded and inclusive , while at the same time hindering discussion on any subject they do n't like . 
   instead they added it to the top of the sub-reddit which is easiest to see , so the whole ` censorship ' argument is just dumb , if you make it much harder to have a discussion about a certain topic , that is censorship . 
  your argument does n't make any sense on a practical level . 
  when people visit a sub , they will usually check the top links if they have n't seen them . 
  when there is a stickied post post , they will check it once , and then ignore it . 
  that is what they are for . 
   they were ruining the sub-reddit to try and push their own agenda here , trying to make it look like this sub-reddit 's values aligned with their own ... which it did n't . 
  and instead the mods are making the sub fit their own agenda , and pretending that this subs values align with their own , which they do n't , as is obvious by the near unanimous negative response to the megathread . 
  the fact that you think having people express a different opinion to you means that a sub can be `` ruined '' says a lot about you . 
   if people do n't like it , / r/european is a click away . 
  i 'm not that bothered either way about what the mods choose to do . 
  i really just feel sorry for a lot of people here . 
  i think it reflects very badly on someone when they will gladly and intentionally live inside a bubble , and get so upset when their views are challenged that they will resort to censorship . 
  anyone that is happy with the actions of the mods is really just showing themselves to not have enough conviction in their own beliefs to stand up to them being challenged . 
  so enjoy your echo chamber , i 'm sure you will gain a lot from it . 
  yes the mega thread that has n't been updated in a week . 
  the one that is in a format ill suited for multiple discussions , and consequently barely any discussion takes place . 
  the mods created the mega thread to hide away and prevent discussion on immigration . 
  either you know this and are you are deliberately playing stupid , or you are ignorant of the facts . 
   too bad , why do n't you all go post on / r/european instead , you can go cry about censorship there . 
  as opposed to you , who will just accept censorship . 
  such hypocrisy , the only reason you do n't care is that you share the same views as the mods . 
  such a shortsighted way of thinking . 
   more british people have been killed by irish terrorists in the past 50 years than by muslim terrorists , so im guessing we should learn from out experiences and ban irish immigration ? 
  we have n't had an irish terrorist attack in about 15 years , but we do have a pretty constant stream of attempted islamic terrorist attacks , so i think its pretty self evident which of the two is the real problem . 
  going back 50 years is completely pointless when discussing the problems of today . 
   they thought it was a ukrainian cargo plane because it looked like one as i have already said , if you are so inept at your job that you can not tell the difference between a cargo plane and a civilian plane , then you do n't deserve any sympathy , its negligence , being ignorant is not an excuse . 
   so what you 're saying is it does n't matter that they did n't want to kill civilians ? 
  you just completely ignore intent , i 'm guessing just in this particular case ? 
  or are you actually calling for manslaughter to be replaced by murder ? 
  you want to discuss criminal intent ? 
  murder requires intent . 
  intent is `` the intention to kill or cause grievous bodily harm '' . 
  firing a missile at a plane shows an intent to kill . 
  therefore it is murder . 
  even if they did not intend to fire at civilians , their actions intended to kill someone , therefore they are guilty of murder . 
  there is absolutely no question about that . 
  its not manslaughter , its murder . 
   you do know what military cargo planes do , retard ? 
  they carry ... weapons !, 
  and soldiers !, 
  do you know what weapons and soldiers do ? 
  come on , this is an easy one !, 
  when someone starts to resort to name calling , its because they know they have lost the argument . 
  its hilarious to think about you sitting there getting madder and madder because you know you are wrong and are backing yourself into a corner . 
  have you finally realized how stupid and untenable your position of defending these murderers is ? 
  is that why your so mad ? 
  if it was a civil war , the ukrainian government would have know what equipment and what capabilities the rebels had , which would mean they would assume they had no aa weapons . 
  if you think that ukraine should have acted as if it was a civil war , then you must agree with the precautions they took , which was to raise the minimum flight altitude over their country to a safe level , which did not account for the use of advanced aa weapons , because there was no reason to assume they would be used . 
  a civilian uprising would have no access to them . 
  as it turns out , you were wrong , it was not a civil war , it was a war with russia , using the rebels as a proxy . 
  this means the rebels had access to much more advanced weapons , but at the time russia denied its involvement , and does to this day , which made getting an understanding of the rebels capabilities much harder . 
  ukraine , as well as many international governments and airlines took all the precautions they thought were necessary . 
  it is hard to predict that your enemy would do something as evil as attack a civilian aircraft , but with hindsight we can see we gave the russian government too much credit . 
  that is not the fault of the airline though , everyone made the same mistake . 
   most random inverted commas of the year award goes to !, 
  not really . 
  you said they thought it was a cargo plane . 
  how did they know ? 
  did they have any intelligence about it ? 
  probably not , they just saw a large plane and fired at it . 
  how then can you claim the intended to shoot a cargo plane ? 
  they were just as likely to hit a passenger plane . 
  i do n't see how they deserve any compassion for hitting the wrong target , when they did n't take any precautions not to hit a passenger plane . 
   would be if you were walking down the street and saw a guy who you know will kill you , a cargo plane is n't going to kill anyone . 
  there was no threat to those rebels . 
  under your analogy , you have gone out with a knife , intentionally looking for someone you have had an argument with in order to kill them , and murdered an innocent person by mistake , again , no reasonable person would sympathize with you in that situation .
