this was never really about the uk `` paying its due '' , or paying the `` correct amount '' . 
  the bill the uk receive was secondary to the real reason the change to the calculation method was made : to make the eu look more financially stable . 
  the reason for the bill was the change in the way gdp is calculated across the eu . 
  the new system includes things like drugs and prostitution . 
  including these things has lead to many eu economies seeing their gdp rise a sizeable amount overnight . 
  there is actually a very good reason why many eu countries would want their gdp to look bigger than it actually is . 
  governments of european union members are not supposed to let their annual deficits exceed 3 percent of gdp or accumulated debt exceed 60 percent of gdp . 
  they can suffer fines and penalties if they do . 
  this is the real reason black market economies are now being included , there are many eu countries in dire financial situations , and they want their economies to look bigger to avoid these penalties . 
  the inclusion of unregulated economies makes the gdp of many european nations look higher , and makes europe look like it is in a better financial position than it actually is . 
   like the article says , this is because of labour laws . 
  you mean like the thousands of zero hour contracts that companies can offer now because there is so much demand for work that people will take anything they are offered . 
  since 1783 , but there has been a lot of [ conflict ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/black_sea_fleet#black_sea_fleet_and_ukraine ) over their base in crimea , and in 2009 , the ukraine government announced the lease of russian naval bases on the crimea will not be extended beyond 2017 . 
  i wonder how russia is going to respond to that ? 
  that would mean the end of their black sea fleet . 
  just like there were no russian soldiers in [ crimea ? 
  ] ( http://uk.reuters.com/article/2014/04/17/russia-putin-crimea-idukl6n0n921h20140417 ), 
  there are places in the world where slavery is alive and well , and the people of those countries are fine with it . 
  where do you think all of your cheap cloths are made ? 
  just because slaves are n't kept directly in your country , does n't mean you are n't a part of the slavery process . 
  people in europe would never wa n't slaves kept in their country , because they can keep them in other peoples country 's instead and pretend they are n't part of the problem . 
   that is lot of people from 250k population . 
  what are you saying ? 
  do you think it was right to deport 240,000 people , because of the crimes of 4 % of the population ? 
  considering the soviets had intentionally tried to starve the tatars to death in the years leading up to the war , you can understand there being some animosity . 
   yes they did , but you said they did not side with the nazis , majority of population did not , least publicly , but many leaders did . 
  which leaders ? 
  and it is worth adding that arguably the soviets treated the tatars as badly as the nazis treated the jews during ww2 . 
  it was n't a question of choosing the right or wrong side , it was choosing between two equally brutal dictators . 
   i tough everyone who survived were able to return home , do you have source on 30 % ? 
  [ there are about 150,000 tatars still in exile . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/crimean_tatars#distribution ), 
   well there was entire groups of tatars fighting for nazis , less than 10,000 men . 
   its proven fact that some of crimean tatars fought for nazis and some of their leaders did collaborate with hitler , so ? 
  lot 's of foreign nationals from all over the world fought for the nazis . 
   like i said soviet union allowed majority of tatars to return in late sixties . 
  over 100,000 of them died during the deportation , about 46 % of their population , and about 30 % of those left have never been able to return home . 
  the soviets forcibly took them from their home but offered no assistance for returning . 
   they cleared the charges because those who fought for nazis were likely dead and deportation of them all was just insanity of stalin . 
  it was n't insanity , it was a carefully though out plot to reduce the ethnic population of crimea and replace it with russian nationals , in order to gain control of the area , after trying to starve the tatars to death failed to work . 
  the soviets had similar programs in the baltic republics . 
  population transfer is a well known soviet war tactic . 
   do you not see a problem with assuming from the outset that it is abuse though ? 
  first of all , many girls start wearing a veil around the age of puberty , maybe not a full veil , but it certainly shows that their decision is at first one which in influenced by their parents or community , and is n't a choice of the individual . 
  it does n't matter what one person thinks , but what society thinks as a whole . 
  some individuals may want to wear the veil as a sign of piety , but some people want to wear a balaclava into a bank because they are cold . 
  we do what is best for society as a whole . 
   and if the women do n't feel oppressed , is it really something we need the civilized europeans to come `` correct ? '', 
  again it comes down to the consensus of the majority . 
  83 % of people in france believe the veil should be banned in public places . 
  they believe this because they see the veil as a sign of oppression , that it cuts those wearing it off from the rest of society , that it prevents integration . 
  some of the people wearing it might disagree , for many reasons , they might have been indoctrinated into its use their whole life , or they might genuinely feel happier with it . 
  regardless , society has said that they find the veil to be incompatible with french society , with french culture , and they do not want it to be a part of it . 
  that is their decision to make . 
  there are many countries where wearing the veil is acceptable , and you can move their if you choose , but you should respect the culture of the country you live in . 
  oh i see , i would n't be surprised after how they were treated by the soviets , and how they continue to be treated by russia , that they would refuse to join with them . 
  well first , they did n't side with the nazis . 
  the entirety of the crimean tatar population ( 240,000 people ) was deported for supporting hitler , even though only a few thousand sided with him . 
  it was a soviet ruse to get them out of crimea and take control for themselves . 
  over 100,000 tatars died during the deportation . 
  in 1980 's the soviets did allow them to return , after admitting that they had not sided with the nazis and had done nothing wrong . 
  but they did nothing to help facilitate that return , or make any repatriations for lost property or life . 
  this poor treatment of the tatars continues to this day . 
  after the invasion of crimea many of the tatars were kicked out of their homes and forced to relocate . 
  the majority of them were kicked out of their country during ww2 by the soviets and have n't been able to return home . 
  those that have have been bullied and kicked out of their homes by the new administration . 
  using public consensus backed legislation to ensure that they are n't forced to dress a certain way , which prevents them from integrating fully with society will help them , yes . 
   it does n't hurt you so leave them alone . 
  no it hurts them , and it hurts society when a group of people living within it are not able to interact with the rest of it . 
  when will he start protecting ethnic tatars in his new territory ? 
  what would you suggest as an alternative ? 
  tyranny of the minority ? 
  also know as democracy . 
  the government should express the will of it 's people , and in this case the people have said that they want a ban on the veil . 
  [ 83 percent support the law making it illegal in all privately-owned businesses . 
  ] ( http://www.france24.com/en/20130325-france-islamic-veil-ban-private-workplace/ ) its not government force , its public consensus . 
  perhaps , but this ruling actually establishes a general consensus that the covering of the face by a veil is detrimental to society , and the people who practice it :  `` the court was also able to understand the view that individuals might not wish to see , in places open to all , practices or attitudes which would fundamentally call into question the possibility of open interpersonal relationships , which , by virtue of an established consensus , formed an indispensable element of community life within the society in question . '', 
   there are already laws in place for dealing with domestic abuse the issue of the veil is a relatively new one , which has been difficult to deal with up until now , as most women are unwilling to come forward and complain about the actions of their own family , or perhaps do n't even realise what is happening to them is abuse . 
  this law is a way of dealing with this abuse in a way that was n't possible before . 
   then the government should do everything in their power to help these people . 
  they are . 
  if the veil is a form of social oppression , then the government is right to ban if from public spaces , to give those who might otherwise be forced to wear it the chance to interact normally with the wider society outside of their close family . 
   you should have the freedom to wear whatever you want . 
  what about people who do n't have the freedom to make that choice ? 
  what about people who are forced to wear what they are told by their family or partners ? 
   i see , you really care about low emissions . 
  i think its more about caring about honesty . 
  turkey is providing everything it can , and the ingos are providing the rest . 
  they are not starving . 
  they may want jobs and a better life , but what does that make them ? 
  that 's right economic migrants . 
  europe should help those in turkey , and that is what many eu countries are looking to do , take refugees from the camps in turkey , but that takes time.the majority of refugees will do the right thing and wait , as they understand this is a crisis , and it takes time to sort things out . 
  a minority will choose to break the law and jump to the head of the queue by illegally crossing into the eu , and they deserve no sympathy . 
  turkey has been providing for the refugees , and had made it easy for ingos to set up in the country to do the same . 
  sure , things might not be comfortable , but they are refugees , it is to be expected . 
  are you trying to claim that the fact that turkey has n't provided employment for every single person coming to their country means that turkey is not safe ? 
  which was a big reason that thousands of people were losing their passports and claiming to be syrian . 
  people realized that they only have to claim to be syrian to get accepted . 
   the point is they are not illegally crossing to europe . 
  they are both illegally crossing into europe , and illegally crossing eu boarders .
