here i was expecting irish hurling to involve something outside of a pub at 3am, 
  luxembourg is a mistake, 
  why did europe forget to partition luxembourg one last time ? 
   most notably not allying with countries like france and the uk . 
  i think given germany 's attitude towards german populations in other states , the lebensraum policy , and the risk of poland falling into the soviet sphere ( thus placing soviet troops on germany 's border ) was motivation enough to conquer the state, 
   admiral horthy 's government admiral in a land locked state ? 
  what ? 
  whats the story behind this guy ? 
  i think its just that the inferno was just a laundry list of every person still living and long dead that dante was angry at for some reason . 
  the whole divine comedy is a pretty egotistical writing on dante 's part , not only does he give himself the role of the main character but he 's constantly having other characters praise him for one reason or another . 
  limbo is just the folks he kinda liked but couldnt justify placing elsewhere besides hell . 
  strangely mohammed and his son-in-law ali are deep in hell for their place in islam but saladin is enjoying a fairly comfy life in limbo, 
  fuck hitler for ruining the name adolf forever , what a dick, 
  ah got it i misunderstood your intent, 
   considering that christians considered it their holy land it would make sense . 
  who does n't consider it holy land ? 
  hell if it being holy land makes a war defensive than was n't the muslim conquests of the holy land in the 600s make that war defensive too ? 
  arent we talking about trump ? 
  dont tell me you 're this naive , trump might be saying one thing but his actions , like seeking to weaken current sanctions on russia in response to ukraine , or refusing to acknowledge russian election meddling in the us or elsewhere , speak louder, 
   and if you accept that the islamic civilization 's pressure on byzantium is the point at which christendom had to respond and unite to protect itself , then the crusades were defensive wars too . 
  but christendom did n't give a shit about byzantium during any of its wars with the caliphates prior to the crusades . 
  400 years of byzantium wars on its eastern frontier and christendom never gave a damn , but suddenly it becomes a crisis ? 
  why ? 
  and what about peter the hermit , one of the early advocates for a crusade . 
  he wanted to seize jerusalem because he had the notion the 2nd coming was about to occur and wanted jesus to land where christians where instead of muslims . 
  whats defensive about that ? 
  and why jerusalem anyway ? 
  the city had been controlled by muslims since the early 600s but over 400 years later its now the target of a defensive crusade ? 
  what ? 
  why did n't they go crusading in anatolia where the muslim aggression actually was at that period ? 
  or why not go to spain and beef up the ongoing reconquista ? 
  why not go to africa or egypt ? 
   having such a heavy grasp on international relations comes at a price dont assume you 're the only one who can rattle of some history . 
   yet communist ussr and china backed vietnam . 
  the vietkong were supplied by ussr and china with weapons and war material . 
  this is true but i think the us should have realized that despite the intent of china and vietnam to add vietnam to their respective blocs that the communist world was n't as united as they feared . 
  for example the sino-soviet split had already occurred and there were serious fears about a wat between the ussr and china . 
  and again i have to point to ho chi minh 's own writings about his intent in vietnam which was clearly to shake vietnam of foreign entanglement . 
  he was not out to simply move vietnam from the french and west 's orbits to china . 
  yes he took aid from the ussr and china but that was simply a means to an end , immediately following the war china-vietnam relations completely collapsed . 
  vietnam invaded its notionally fellow communist neighbor cambodia and communist china responded in turn by invading vietnam . 
  clearly the us over estimated the importance of communism on the decision making of these leaders because as soon as the us left they all turned on each other . 
  all this shows that the us completely misunderstood the situation in south east asia and while no one can predict the future i think there was enough signs and enough historical precedent to show that all these actors had no intent or means to roll communism westward until it hit india, 
  i suppose if you accept that modern israel is the successor state of one of the ancient judean kingdoms and accept the political situation as it existed 2000 years ago as the most important basis for borders in the modern world then yes . 
   any country and/or ideology that could contest its power . 
  which was not vietnam, 
  i said i think he meant that . 
  if you want to know my opinion i think our justification was wrong as evident by the fact that the domino theory did not accurately predict what would happen after we lost . 
  i also think the us should have known better than to treat every communist country as part of some unified bloc and ignore the history of vietnam-china relations and ho chi minh 's personal writings and statements on his plans for vietnam post-unification . 
  oh yes oh silly of me , the crusades were a defensive war because they set out to conquer jerusalem for themselves from the fatimid caliphate who succeeded the umayyad caliphate who succeeded the rashidun caliphate who conquered it for themselves from the byzantium empire who conquered it for themselves from sasanian empire who conquered it for themselves from the roman empire who conquered it for themselves from a judean kingdom or something right ? 
  also pointing to the byzantium empire as a reason why the crusades were defensive is kinda silly considering the fourth crusade eh ? 
  yes i 'm familiar with the justification for our involvement, 
  i think he meant we had no business being there, 
   the crusades - a defensive war after persistent invasions and massacres by the ` saracens ' lol defensive war what, 
  whats this dude 's problem with reykjavik ? 
   erected surrounding the netherlands . 
  it was only on the dutch-belgium border, 
  who cares why they did it , fact is it happened . 
  also most of europe 's history has been people trying to escape from it , its the us and north america that was europe 's dumping ground for its unwanted populations for most of history , so take it as a compliment for once people actually want to go there . 
  its a shame though we got all that human waste , look how badly we turned out ... ohhhhhhh no wait not badly , in fact we transformed into the world 's largest economy and the linchpin of europe 's security for 70 years . 
   show me where did latvian migrants ask for higher welfare payments or apartments ? 
  yeah they didnt ask for stuff that was n't available through resettlement programs , gee how insightful . 
  point is many of them deliberately went to countries based on no other reason than they afforded the greatest economic opportunity . 
  if places like the us or canada had simply shut there doors i 'm sure you would have heard a lot more gripping but fact migrants from eastern europe , which includes the baltics when using that term in the context of the soviet bloc , were allowed to go to pretty much any western country . 
  there was no eu plan to keep them in certain places based on quotas or anything like , so again of course there was n't as much or any complaining about not being able to move . 
  apparently many of them didnt like the camps in western europe and decided to head elsewhere regardless, 
   there is no rational reason for switzerland to have conscription . 
  it 's really just conservative forcing it on others and a `` i had to do it too '' mentality of older people is n't there a sense of national identity formed during conscription , which may be useful in a country like switzerland ? 
  my point is that hating on these people for seeking economic opportunity by not wanting to stay in the first country they land in or where they are assigned in hypocritical, 
   czechoslovak immigrants went to the countries of their choosing . 
  but its wrong for today 's refugee 's to do the same because reasons . 
   if you 're going to apply this historical case to the current situation , that means that mena migrants should also be allowed to emigrate to the countries of their choosing . 
  sure . 
  if that country wants to allow them in , and i 'd hope countries like those in eastern europe whose people have recent history of being refugees would be a little more open to the idea of allowing refugees in to settle , work , and even move on if greater economic opportunity presented itself elsewhere . 
  the same way west germany , austria , and other european states offered assistance to czech refugees , some of whom eventually decided they 'd rather not be there and went to the us , canada , or other countries . 
  24000 czechs came to the us and canada after 1968 , so again i have to ask should we have treated them with the same contempt for not being satisfied with western europe and choosing to seek refuge in a place they thought they 'd have better economic opportunity or where they may have had family/friends already living ? 
  should we have told all these people to fuck off back to czechoslovakia if western europe was n't good enough for them ? 
   and i find it a little bit strange that you think that we should be quite about these welfare seeking people because by you we were/are the same ? 
  why ca n't we point out problems in the system and have a voice in this matter ? 
  i just think its hypocritical and downright fucking shameful for eastern europeans , who took advantage of policies that allowed them to flee , settle , and seek economic opportunity in countries around the world to be largely against giving others the same chance in their countries . 
  do they think they 're better or more deserving than refugees today ? 
  or are they just selfish assholes who will climb the ladder and pull it up after them ? 
  in my opinion maybe they deserved to have been treated exactly how they want to treat others looking for safety and economic opportunity in their country/region , thrown right back into whatever horrible situation they were trying to flee from . 
  ca n't handle the fact that the word `` refugee '' has been applied to people who flee political oppression , war , etc and do n't just go to the country next door all throughout history ? 
  seriously someone fucking explain how they justify calling a czech , or a hungarian , or anyone else who fled the eastern bloc and ended up in the us or literally anywhere that was n't the country right next door a refugee but these people are n't because they are seeking economic opportunity . 
  what about folks who fled the yugoslav wars and ended up all over the world ? 
  not refugees either because they did n't stop in italy or austria or greece or another bordering state ? 
  you do n't cease being a refugee because you seek out economic opportunities , thats never been the case as the word has been used in any other context . 
  i love hearing folks from eastern europe countries , whose people escaped the communist bloc by the fucking millions and went all over the damn world in search of not just safety but economic opportunity , now whine about other people doing the same . 
  assholes deserved the russians, 
   `` refugees escaping from war '' i only wish the us had thrown those czechs who came after 1968 back to the russians . 
  little shits came all the way to the us even though there were plenty of safe countries closer and along their route . 
  come here for economic opportunity ? 
  you little fucks go back to russia, 
  at the very least they would want french as the other language , similar to how it works in nato ( i think ) every single nato document must be printed in french and english , i wonder just how many resources we 've wasted doing this over the last several decades just to avoid offending fragile french sensitivities . 
  when i deployed to afghanistan as a low ranking us army soldier my orders were printed in english ... and french because i was now part of a nato force . 
  youre still assuming a future conflict would jump immediately to the stage where an all out attack on a nation 's production begins . 
  also comparing a potential nato russia conflict to the gulf war ? 
  come on . 
   a nation 's potential military is useless when an actual war breaks out , because what you have on day one is going to be the most you 'll ever have in a modern war .
