  instead we killed 300k to save 3 million and countless infrastructure . 
  would you have killed 2 million to save 30 million ? 
  i know i would have . 
  stop being such an idiot . 
  no , we had nukes first buddy . 
  we might of actually saved lives by nuking a few cities , without the soviet union . 
  buddy that 's not one defeat , you were knocked out of the war . 
  it was n't until the soviets got invaded that you were free to attack again . 
  see the difference between a battle loss and a war loss ? 
  even your africa campaign was a disaster until the soviets were invaded . 
  you only won battle of britain because we gave you 8 cruisers and supplied most of the materials for your aircraft under the lend lease act . 
  let 's be clear , ww2 was won with british intelligence , american steel , and russian blood . 
  history man , get with it . 
  we supplied soviet union with most of their aircraft steel , and iron . 
  we also single handedly defeated the japanese . 
  yeah , you and your side kick canada took the 3 pussy ones . 
  americans had to take omaha and utah , the ones with tall cliffs and pointed artillery . 
  this is all after your disgrace of a loss at dunkirk . 
  i guess i 'm an `` arse '' because i do n't agree with the leftist europeans who blame us for everything . 
  do n't worry u.k. you 'll soon join us once brexit is official . 
  https://www.hrw.org/europe/central-asia/germany every country has their bag of shenanigans . 
  linking something and saying we are n't committed to standing up to tyrants is preposterous . 
  also , until 3500 of your civilians get executed , you do n't have an excuse to setup a detainment facility , as bs as it was . 
  are you talking about the oktober fest in franklin , texas !? 
  i did actually go at one point , pretty good , and there some good german and czech breweries locally !, 
  i lived in vienna , austria for two years does that count ? 
  you know , germany 's canada . 
  oh and i lived in frankfurt for a month , but that 's nothing to be excited about . 
  just admit it , your continued responses are due to your love for me , like two opposites , we attract . 
  my username is based on a tv show in the u.s. , kinda awkward , is n't it ? 
  just stop . 
  yeah i understand that about elections , but i was hoping that europe would give us the benefit of the doubt there and realize this is n't what the large majority of americans want and that we 're doing everything we can to change it . 
  fair points on my statements sounding arrogant and like a tool . 
  i suppose if it were the other way around , i would n't like it either , which i often hear from brits . 
  my reasons are n't about diversity , it 's about the fact that we are the biggest brain soak of any country on the world . 
  for example , we have the highest ratio of brain soak / to brain drain than any other country - see [ this ] ( https://www.brainpickings.org/wp-content/uploads/2013/02/braindrain_large.jpg ) . 
  also , there is an idea that we are the land of opportunity . 
  or that we have one of the best [ freedom of speech ] ( http://www.therichest.com/rich-list/10-countries-with-the-most-freedom-of-speech/ ) laws on the planet . 
  that said , there is much to be argued that many european countries are much better countries , or that nobody has the greatest country , it all depends on what you value as the most important . 
  anyways , i 'll be more culturally observant and realize i ca n't go saying `` america is the greatest '' around here . 
  lots to be proud of for the irish !, 
  but be warned our new american whiskeys are inching up on ya . 
  also , i meant a lot of irish immigrated to u.s. could you imagine if half of your country was americans ? 
  a bunch of american tourists telling you that they 're grandfather is irish even though nobody cares , visiting guinness factory and thinking the 've seen ireland , taking instagrams while being a menace . 
  i looked at your cynical , snide , immature , pompous post history and assumed you were a brit . 
  either way , typical european spending all of their time bashing america , when in reality ... http://imgur.com/a/vgrsd, 
  well the difference between us and china is that we wo n't put up human rights and freedom of press violations . 
  do n't think that americans are going to take this standing up - we 're fighting hard , protesting , checking them with our judicial branch - generally doing our best to push back on these absurd policies . 
  sorry , do people actually believe that ? 
  i have not met one person , less some rednecks in the south , that believe america is perfection . 
  we 're a fuckin ' mess , but one of the best messes . 
  anyways , i hope you do move to usa , i recommend california , quite a few people from spain here starting up great companies , and bringing wonderful culture . 
  we also have huge ties with barca companies here . 
  most of my post history has been about writing samples , and jokes , less the last few pages because i 've seen some serious america bashing lately . 
  i try to give as many facts to my posts with sources as much as possible . 
  i 'm sorry you got that i was nationalist from my posts , that was not my intention . 
  i do however , think america is the greatest country on earth and will defend that , not because i or anyone in it is better , but because of the ideals of all world cultures coming together as one , in one country , and producing something great . 
  i understand if you disagree with that position , as it can be considered very debatable , but i 've heard people on this thread call us a nation of assholes , things of the past - when i always thought europeans were our strongest allies . 
  obviously everyone has their issues , but to say we are equivalent to china and use what-about-isim for america , is absurd . 
  for example , spain has a pretty bad human right 's page in amnesty international , tsk tsk : https://www.amnesty.org/en/countries/europe-and-central-asia/spain/report-spain/, 
  oh for christ 's sake , nobody is using slavery in america . 
  also , death penalty is illegal in a lot of states . 
  the vast majority occur in texas . 
  also france was still using the guillotine in the 1970 's if you want to go down this path . 
  i think you and the brexit folk have a lot in common too !, 
  you 're both insecure things of the past , that blame someone else for their problems . 
  anyways , i think it 's only fair to mention my german ancestors , whom were out butchering the normans and celtics and making them flee to uk , spawning translucent cave creatures otherwise known as brits . 
  the inventor of the submarine was dutch !, 
  tank was invented by the british !, 
  kelvin guy was from belfast , is n't that uk ? 
  radiotherapy was invented by wilhelm rotgen , a german !, 
  greenhouse effect was invented by a swede !, 
  also , half of your country are americans now . 
  anyways , i was kind of joking about ireland , tis a lovely place . 
  biggest polluter per capita ? 
  nope , we 're # 97 according to [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_carbon_dioxide_emissions ) . 
  you 're probably thinking of just co2 right ? 
  well you 're wrong on that again , sort by per capita and we 're # 6 . 
  you should know a lot of our states use only renewables . 
  anyways , you got me on our iraq wars which were absolutely stupid and a lot of us did n't support , but to be fair we 're now only bombing isis and the taliban , not the most fantastic people . 
  the refugee crisis was n't america 's fault , it was the arab spring uprising with assad , as the majority are coming from syria . 
  i think there are many reasons to be annoyed by americans , but to hate , that 's strong . 
  i guarantee if you ask americans , the vast majority love europeans . 
  now if we 're going to go tit for tat , ireland has n't invented anything of substance ; less the hangover , fatherless children , and food i would n't feed to my hunting dogs . 
  in all seriousness , i 'm grateful for a lot of european things , like their food , culture , works of art , medicine . 
  ireland has 3 things : galway , friendly people , and guinness . 
  are we really going back to the roman empire on language ? 
  ok , enjoy your ancestoral heritage of the indo-caucasians from armenia from 4000 years ago . 
  thanks for the european protocol , you know , considering america gave you the internet courtesy of american military . 
  / shiteuropeanssay / hateuscustheyaintus, 
  enjoy your life , that was granted to you by the compassion of the americans , so the russians did n't force your grandparents into siberian slave labor . 
  enjoy your quality of life given to you by massive american investment post ww2 . 
  enjoy your political liberties , courtesy of america by making russia tear down the wall . 
  enjoy the american website you 're typing this on . 
  `` mexican wall '' is a non sequitur to my response . 
  it was a joke , playing off the word `` douche '' . 
  how 's that for a dank meme . 
  trump is a total non sequitur in regards this article , stop always pulling our bumbling imbecile of a president into this because that 's all you got . 
  except we have far superior human rights than china and most developed countries - [ source ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_freedom_indices ) . 
  i love this subreddit , full of a bunch of prepubescent europeans blaming all of their issues on america whilst using an american website , i feel like i 'm the only one who uses facts around here .
