or this is the encroachment of the ottoman empire at the battle of vienna or islam at the battle of tours , in which we crushed these mother fuckers . 
  technology always wins . 
  winged hussars will come again : [ source ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ewkrqqly6xu ), 
  only one solution - send in the winged hussars : ( a.k.a nato tomahawk missiles , sas , seals , green berets , gign , ksk , wojska specjalne , s\u00e4rskilda operationsgruppen ) [ source ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ewkrqqly6xu ), 
  i agree that 's a silly sentiment out there today . 
  however , the guy above you was correct . 
  they are doing this to provoke attack . 
  isis 's entire purpose is to get boots on the ground , blow intelligence leads with missiles to `` respond '' to attacks . 
  as isis has stated numerous times ( and is there central purpose ) they want to provoke attack - `` the islamic state awaits the army of `` rome , '' whose defeat at dabiq , syria , will initiate the countdown to the apocalypse . '', 
  [ source ] ( https://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/2015/03/what-isis-really-wants/384980/ ), 
  no they invaded ukraine because they were teetering towards joining nato and russia wanted a warm water port in crimea / 90 % of crimea was pro russian . 
  we can make that border expand , find us some natural resources . 
  i 'm pretty sure you 're incorrect - [ source ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/03/23/deforestation-where-is-the-world-losing-the-most-trees/ ) france , italy , spain , uk , poland , all of balkans , all have higher deforestation than u.s. 
  and do n't forget making fun of us americans , it 's a british sport really !, 
  in all seriousness glad uk is moving on with their normal day , it 's the only way to prevent such attacks again . 
  what a sound argument you provided !, 
  you exist because america allows it . 
  do n't ever forget that , you irrelevant dutch dipshit . 
  or we 'll feed you to the turkish . 
  it 's a great question , economies are definitely a correlation with health in the u.s. , but the best correlation factor in food and healthiness is culture . 
  in the south/mid-west , the very rich eat very poorly ( fried foods , sugar , salt are strongly encouraged ) , while the poor millennials in the south correlate with better health than the total average . 
  let 's switch gears to california - the rich eat much better on average than poor millennials . 
  in progressive states wealth encourages the whole foods diet . 
  now let 's switch gears to poor northeast-asians and indians all over the u.s. - they are among the healthiest because their culture demands it . 
  you have far healthier foods than americans in the mid-west and south . 
  the coastal progressive states it 's a far different story as we rank in the top 5 of the world . 
  anyways , your paper is correct on germany , but you work less than americans do . 
  https://www.usnews.com/news/best-countries/articles/2016-09-02/hardest-working-countries-ranked-by-hours-worked-per-year really interesting that spain gets the reputation of laziness , thanks for setting the record straight . . 
  coastal states typically shy away from fried food , but our mid west and southern states consume more fried food than any place on this planet . 
  also , people drink starbuck mochas and frappe and insist the 42 grams of sugar is healthy for them . 
  what a time to be alive . 
  is that fried food a jab at us americans ? 
  i 'm cautious of correlating healthy with just the food , and not the lifestyle and weather . 
  spaniards are healthier because they work less , have a culture of expressiveness , and take more naps than the average american . 
  your food consists of some of the unhealthiest ingredients the world has conjured up . 
  when are you northern europeans going to accept it - you 're all just german states . 
  swamp germans ( dutch ) , island germans ( uk ) , pastry germans ( denmark ) , chocolate germans ( belgium ) , snow germans ( sweden ) , fancy shmancy germans ( norway ) . 
  well , last time us americans tried to turn baghdad into the babylonian empire and that did n't work so well . 
  plus , i do n't think you europeans have the stomach for conquering . 
  you 're a peaceful type . 
  i think this conversation is getting a little out of hand , if turkey attacked netherlands , we ( u.s. ) and everyone in western europe would stomp turkey into a thousand pieces . 
  nato < culture . 
  we 'd reinstate istanbul to constantinople , make it an eu/us territory , and invest billions into the most progressive center of the world since the 1200 's . 
  yes indeed , we must have restraint now and use soft power instead of large-scale hard military power . 
  that said , would be interesting to reinstate the byzantine empire and free istanbul , rename it to constantinople , and bring it back to the center of progress again . 
  do n't worry you freaky dutch , we got your back . 
  how many parties are the right # of parties ? 
  3 like france ? 
  we have like 50 parties , nobody votes for them due to basic game theory . 
  yeah i 'd like to have a 3rd party in u.s. . that said , is our democracy not functioning , are you talking about the electoral college votes ? 
  did you see our judicial branch overturn the immigration ban though ? 
  nobody is above the power check . 
  well i ca n't argue with you on apathy part , there are a lot of distractions over here !, 
  we 're pretty busy over here dismantling europe and turning it in to steakhouses , trump towers , and tanning booths . 
  what if i told you * ( in lawrence fishburne 's voice from the matrix ) * that every country 's political system is bananas ? 
  yeah !, 
  do n't end up like us !, 
  we 're terrible , awful people let me tell you . 
  in fact we 're total losers , the worst , okay ? 
  a nutless monkey is a timid and overly-cautious being , because it lacks the normal monkey testosterone levels . 
  therefore , i do believe a nutless monkey = a gutless monkey , which is inferior to a monkey with nuts . 
  a nutless monkey could do better than donald trump , seriously a nutless monkey . 
  one of the awesome things about europe . 
  you never know when you 're going to stumble on history . 
  makes me wonder what was his last day like , did he know he would die , was a proponent of the war or not , what was his favorite thing that made him smile , what were his last moments like . 
  now we all know that 's not true ... julius caesar was not comparable to trump , jc was a much better dictator . 
  what were the russian states like ? 
  primitive small kingdoms ? 
  or like the german states ? 
  now now , everyone knows washington dc is the new rome , we even have the same architecture and obelisks . 
  sooner or later someone mentions trump or hitler in these threads as a nice juicy non-sequitur . 
  it 's truly fascinating watching you europeans go down the same road we went down 5 months ago . 
  get back to our side of the world , and stop wandering over here canada . 
  i know we 've been acting crazy lately , but hey , you do n't need these guys . 
  stick around here too long and you 'll start worshiping jabba the hut ... errr i mean angela merkel , not to mention foods like ; andouillette sausage , goose barnacles , blodpl\u00e4ttar , smalahove . 
  we 've got `` in and out burgers '' , victoria secret models , basketball , elon musk , nasa , and jet propulsion labs . 
  come on now , back to north america , you too mexico . 
  i think if anything , this shows that we are n't going to take getting fucked !, 
  a much nicer caricature than what they could have done . 
  you got cornered in an argument , and your response is to call me delusional . 
  that 's called an admission of defeat . 
  i 'm advocating mass murdering less of group of people over the inevitable mass murder of larger group of people . 
  as a historian , you should know japanese did some atrocities things in wwii - are you advocating we prolong that ? 
  and btw it saved japanese lives by an estimation of 1.5 million . 
  are you saying you wish those extra 1.5 million japanese were dead ? 
  btw - if you are saying i 'm a nationalist for believing in the ideals of america , then your idea of a nationalist is quite skewed . 
  just because you europeans ruined the idea of loving ideals by murdering millions of people and warring for a millennium does n't mean americans will do that . 
  you do you , we 'll do us . 
  you should have come to a real university in u.s. for your phd , i think my university ( georgetown ) taught basic historical concepts . 
  if you think i 'm an american nationalist you 're an imbecile , because you have n't been paying attention . 
  i sit on the board for an organization working to overturn trump 's media silencing . 
  i have many disagreements with america and her political operations , but i love her , and i love those that support her ideals . 
  i also love many other countries and people and the ideals they support . 
  also , american lives ? 
  as if any other country prioritizes their own lives differently . 
  just stop man . 
  you may be the dumbest person i 've been interacted with on reddit . 
  are you too stupid that have no concept of history ? 
  we saved millions of lives by nuking japan . 
  the estimates put about 1 million american casualties and 2 million japanese deaths .
