our country is falling !, 
  dutch are stupid ... 
  seriously i am ashamed of my own country . 
  seriously ... europe is going to follow up with this ? 
  just life with it and accept it you people are all overreacting if hillary was chosen it would be bad also ... ( third party third party third party :( . ), 
  that is alot ... 
  they want racism police ... kinda the opposite of the pvv also pretty extremists in there thinking . 
  i do n't care about geert , it is just annoyance they waste time on someone who is dumb ... 
  but denk is getting dangerous ... just wait . 
  mexico is a great and awesome country !, 
  2 years ? 
  you know that dutch are incompetent fucks when it comes to others people culture ... 
  i really do not give a shit about this ... people find this big news ? 
  what about the more important news ... 
  agreed . 
  you are going to be better at dutch then me ... 
  i suck at it , it is my mother language but the grammar sucks and then there are exceptions and more exceptions : / i hate . 
  idk how you stand it . 
  well someone decided to put down a stupid law that makes the integration process suck . 
  can not really explain it but if you are a refugee and can not speak english or dutch you are fucked . 
  why not ? 
  here in the netherlands the economy is getting better but integrating sucks here . 
  i do n't think i can learn your language so it will probably be the vacations ... 
  and hungary is my future . 
  hungary you wil win !, 
  this will not work ... 
  do not fucking pay that , they just want money . 
  multiculturism only works if there ar n't any backwards cultured . 
  turkey should leave nato we do n't need a dictator . 
  he wo n't benefit from it , he would do it if he was stupid and has an iq of 71 . 
  owh wait ... 
   why vote for wilders , when there exist more intellectual parties with similar policies ? 
  fvd !, 
  what is this bs ? 
  no he has n't , people want their voices heard and that is populism . 
  it just happens . 
  the real problem is the refugee crisis . 
  we fought against the nazi 's you idiot ... 5 days then became a part of the third reich ... against our will . 
  we ar n't nazi 's or even nazi remnants . 
  fucking erdogan bringing this up . 
  give it to the dutch military we need guns ... 
  greece ? 
  d66 is more right wing, 
  thanks denmark !, 
  i did n't expect this ... wow . . 
  you see what i did ? 
  i used the same answer and it works . 
  it is what certain politicians caused you could have stopped it , but nooo you had to be `` tolerant '' . 
  i am done with both sides see you all in hell edit : autocorrect, 
  lol muslims in sweden :d, 
  such a third wave feminist to say : nothing is equal . 
  i do n't like him . 
  i am never going to vote for him too left for me . 
  and still politicians are wanting to use money fom defence for other things . 
  no i find everyone must have quel oppertunities and a 50/50 is just stupid and flawed . 
  construction also needs a 50/50 police 50/50 every godamn job should be 50/50 , i am so sorry but that is flawed . 
  they do n't see the big picture ? 
  sweden and germany 2.0 . 
  sorry if i triggered you , let 's start a civilized argument instead of hating me ? 
  yes it is it requires skill and is a job . 
  owh how am i going to explain this , il try to do it out of the top of my head . 
  if there is a 50/50 goverment there should also be a 50/50 army , most women are biologically weaker than men the girls that are not are pretty damn awesome . 
  you will not expect a 50/50 in the army do you ? 
  you expect the best that is why more men fight in the army . 
  the best of the best get rid of the weak . 
  ( please i am tired and i might have make mistakes but i think you get it ), 
  50/50 is flawed you just have to get the best of the best . 
  that is what i am trying to say . 
  how am i saying that ? 
  or my english is confusing me . 
  because some people are better at certain things than other people . 
  idc about gender or anything else male or female . 
  it is n't 50/50 is n't it . 
  that is why there should n't be a 50/50 goverment it is flawed . 
  if there are 100 places and 100 women that want to get the job but only can get 50 that is unfair 50 places are not available and can never get a women on them . 
  but what about the people who want to be in the goverment male/female who want that job that is n't 50/50, 
  i got lost on the site but i will take your word for it ... 
  a source would be amazing . 
  not always certainly not in one country . 
  no it does n't it makes the bigger group have less chance and the smaller group have more chance . 
  and that is unfair . 
  idc if it is 80/20 or 20/80 i want the best of the best and not the meh . 
  i disagree with alot of things the 50/50 goverment is bullshit idc if there are more women or men somewhere , we need the best of the best . 
  :( but i do n't like trudeau, 
  less agreeable they are terrible ... but yes i hate their goverment but not the people . 
  sorry for that, 
  i do n't like canada . 
  sweden needs to get it 's shit together and stop looking away from what is happening . 
  it is falling apart . 
  israel us awesome why hate on it ? 
  it is a good ally , but of course germany takes a `` good '' side . 
  then start listening to the civilians and stop being selfish . 
  canada the crying goverment ... and also the idiot 50/50 goverment ... 
  the dislikes say some disagree ... have an upvote, 
  you trust word news ? 
  they censor everything the mods are terrible there . 
  well there is a civil war going on ... 
  buzz feed is stupidity in a nutshell, 
  did n't mean literal heaven ... 
  sounds like heaven,
