  russia will fail to do that . 
  mostly this kind of stuff goes viral on the news and papers maybe today it is going on the news ? 
  but still waste of taxpayer money . 
  i live in the netherands and this is n't a thing they showed or is in the papers . 
  i did n't hear it so i think this is bullshit or our goverment/media is hiding it . 
  should have been in israel . 
  it already snowed in the south ... 
  nothing wrong with this, 
  the netherlands - serious request and magic . 
  pretty accurate . 
  meh not my type . 
  you are right, 
  they think that would work ? 
  owh well let the circle begin , terrorist attack  shock  1min silence  wait for the next one, 
  thanks germany !, 
  security ... 
  it i the same with all face covers . 
  * cough * sh de j dd jsjhhs germans !!!, 
  damn ... 
  i am proud to be dutch and european , but i am dissapointed in the way the eu is working and how europe is not as great as it once was . 
  it is pathetic . 
  tottaly agree with you there , it is getting annoying and frustrating . 
  bbc should rethink what they are doing . 
  great depression . 
  i know that but after it the east was n't developing as much as the west . 
  communism was a disaster for the east ... 
  just check tim pool , he is a cool guy . 
  i do n't want to go on a rant about gamer gate now we agree that it was bullshit . 
  he is an independent journalist and he is genuine . 
  he is 100 times more trustworthy than cnn or fox . 
  and a millions times better than buzzfeed . 
  and you know gamer gate was bullshit right ? 
  i have a better source : search in youtube for tim pool he is an amazing journalist that was in sweden . 
  ( no link because i am on phone ), 
  i knew it the sharia wall . 
  i read it , but it will not work . 
  you really think something like islam what destroyed iran us going to reform ? 
  well isis is reforming it . 
  yhea sorry but i think kraut and tea js right . 
  islam is n't liberal because the koran is backwards as hell . 
  the ex-muslims are right . 
  and you guys should listen to them reform it for the love of god . 
  islamic scripture is violent . 
  she did screw it up big time . 
  yhea i know that but i do n't see alot of criticism against corbyn . 
  certainly not here . 
  or did i miss it ? 
  yhea she fucked up , she also fucked up with saying things about the internet . 
  but cromney ( forgot name ) is not the best man to get britain out of the eu . 
  was he a fan of venuzuela ? 
  so what about a bit of propaganda against the other guy ? 
  or is this an echo chamber ? 
  you forgot groningen in the netherlands, 
  you mean helping the most corrupt part o the world where whites are getting killed ? 
  nope let them sort it out and they deserve getting ripped of by china . 
  idc about africa anymore . 
  a sad say indeed . 
  should be banned it is racist . 
  because it is true ? 
  am i a racist now that i said that ? 
  so i heard that / r/europe removed alot of comments ... 
  i want a straight answer : have comments be removed ? 
  white nationalist neo nazi ? 
  / pol / is just some jokers , seriously ? 
  the media falls for those jokes . 
  ou know what they are and they are great people who ar n't white nationalist or neo nazis and you guy know it . 
  it is all trolls grow up . 
  languages are never pure . 
  it was terrible . 
  do n't understand it ... sorry but english is my goto 2nd language . 
  maybe it works . 
  and hopefully we wo n't lose our identities . 
  sounds like a good but that does n't fix all of the problems it also can make more problems . 
  people want to leave the eu and we know what the problems are : the people do n't think voting works anymore because the eu decides those things . 
  it is n't local anymore people find voting not worth it anymore . 
  ( my history teacher ) and second is the immigration and the globalization . 
  the eu needs to stop expanding and give more autonomy to the countries . 
  the eu is a trade partnership and it must stay that way we have nato for the other shit . 
  for the love of god the eu needs to understand this if they want to keep the eu alive . 
  i do n't like commies so this makes me conflicted . 
  i sincerely can not stand commies . 
  so go le pen !, 
  ( yes the commies ruined it ), 
  or we can be allowed to criticize islam without being called islamaphobe . 
  thing need criticism before they come better and islam ( the ideology ) needs a reform . 
  they never did ? 
  we just force them to speak dutch ... and have they have a weird accent then . 
  mostly in the morning it is chocolate or something sweet and not meat midday it is eggs cheese or meat , and in the evening it is meat and 2 other things if you want to keep it dutch . 
  my grandma always cooked meatballs woth potatoes and beans . 
  we are complaining alot . 
  do not deny it , that is what makes our country great to live in . 
  red meat not everyday , more chicken and fish . 
  well it is n't . 
  because we love free stuff . 
  ( atleast in the south where i am from ), 
  so you say my diet is not healthy ? 
  yhea but you know i do care about other people but we are fucked so why should we bother ? 
  but i can and i am dutch , did n't you know the dutch complain alot ? 
  you know what i answer was n't serious . 
  i never even thought my comments would make a comment chain and my inbox is really full now .
