i do n't know . 
  they 're closer to you than other scandinavians but that does n't stop the fantasy of the nordic union . 
  must be nice . 
  cars are essential here . 
  ooh , i 'd love to live in a cottage in the andalusian hills and play the guitar for horses . 
  as long as it 's more about culture , i am cool with it , i can see how that would be annoying . 
  how far is that from bigotry against russian people ? 
  i have fair skin with blond hair and blue eyes . 
  my doctor says i am a white male in my medical records . 
  no one has ever not taken me for white . 
  hell , i usually get taken for german . 
  do you ever need sunscreen ? 
  on the ( new ) jersey shore , it can easily go over 35 c. 
  i 'll chime in . 
  i 'm white and jewish . 
  i grew up in a mostly black neighborhood so i was singled out but nothing too major , i guess . 
  when i told a guy my last name to pick up some meds for my mom , he repeated it in a non flattering tone . 
  although , most reactions i get when people learn of my jewish heritage has actually been positive . 
  funny enough , i never think about it . 
  uh interesting . 
  i should put visiting there on my bucket list . 
  murder is not a stupid reason . 
  oh yeah , lets charge a 5 year old girl who was raped by a grown man with adultery . 
  those two things are so ridiculously different , i do n't even know what to say . 
  what about an astronomically small chance the person could get sick ? 
  not all killing is equal and not all killing is murder . 
  good thing that was a long time ago . 
  human life should not always be preserved . 
  murder forfeits that right in my eyes . 
  i 'm not saying our justice system is perfect . 
  what i 'm saying is that if : a : it was beyond a reasonable doubt they killed someone and b : they 're not able to be rehabilitated then they should be put to death . 
  i respect that . 
  the murderer committed murder . 
  killing the murderer is justice . 
  the executors are not murderers . 
  because the person or people the murderer killed were innocent and murderers are not innocent . 
  doubt it . 
  weird conclusion . 
  seems strange . 
  except i would n't be taking an innocent life . 
  are you comparing the us today with nazi germany ? 
  why ? 
  not to me . 
  and the thing is , the law really is n't subjective . 
  laws on paper exist because of beliefs a society has . 
  which means quoting him does nothing to help your argument . 
  you could just shoot them in the head . 
  not much pain there , although the idea of a monster in pain causes me no pain . 
  i call it justice . 
  and i think when someone kills someone in cold blood and has no remorse and could do it again ... that 's objective enough for me . 
  what do you mean ? 
  i do n't know how 'd i feel and i do n't think you do either . 
  but i 'd sure sleep better at night knowing they were gone and could n't hurt anyone else . 
  even if my loved one could n't come back . 
  at least it would prove their moral code is bullshit . 
  people who demonstrate what i 've described and have committed certain crimes are those who should be executed . 
  well not that they 're a bad person , but they 're wrong . 
  so according to you , assuming it was 100 percent certainty , why do they deserve to live if they heinously killed someone ? 
  because taking their life is in no way similar to their crime . 
  not all killings are equal . 
  how is taking the life of someone who took a life immoral ? 
  the difference could n't be larger . 
  how are you so sure ? 
  i 'm not saying there 's no room for improvement but modern technology must surely bring the number so close to zero that you might as well assume there are dancing leprechauns on titan . 
  oh i agree with your last sentence . 
  let 's say you saw someone kill someone you love with your own eyes . 
  what would you want done with them ? 
  wrong how ? 
  what 's wrong with killing evil people who have committed heinous crimes ? 
  hell , i 'd do it myself . 
  if there was direct footage and forensic evidence , i just do n't see how that 's not good enough . 
  some people are n't capable of being rehabilitated and are not capable of remorse . 
  well i 'd say that 's a fine solution . 
  i support the death penalty because some people simply deserve to die and i recognize a good person knows this . 
  is hamburg popular ? 
  it 's ruining threads . 
  it 's a distraction . 
  why would slang imply inferiority ? 
  where did i say that ? 
  where ? 
  my god ... that 's my point, 
  i think `` multinational corporation '' but i do n't think you 'd use that word for something like this . 
  it 's pretty self evident what the op means anyway . 
  like nokia for finland or the volkswagen for germany . 
  are you saying it 's an english thing ? 
  do n't know how similar it is but there was a finnish guy in my class and he was so soft spoken , i had to ask him to speak up even though he was sitting right next to me . 
  i like rain . 
  not just the geography but also the history . 
  but like you said , that goes both ways . 
  no , i 'm b1 in spanish but there 's no one where i live who speaks anything other than english except latino yard workers and they 're not very integrated . 
  but why is that important ? 
  this is an english language message board . 
  i do n't ask people to speak english on boards about other countries . 
  why am i getting down voted ? 
  i was trying to do him a favor , his grammar was terrible and i do n't believe he comprehended my question correctly . 
  i always thought taxes existed since people assumed no one would voluntarily give up some of their paycheck on a regular basis . 
  not that i as an individual would assume one way or the other ( except the us ) . 
  what does that have to do with it ? 
  work on your english . 
  he was n't joking .
