  also , poland is considered slavic but not eastern european ? 
  iceland too ? 
  i did n't mean to delete that , thanks . 
  i watch the news in spanish but it 's all latino here . 
  does age come into play ? 
  are the under 30s that height or most men ? 
  are serbian people and people from the balkans in general really very tall ? 
  i hear crazy rumors like how 2.10 + for men and 1.90 + for women is n't rare but i just ca n't believe that . 
  how are finns viewed in that regard ? 
  are they nordic ? 
  jeez . 
  picking the right words on this sub is like a game of minesweeper . 
  i have eastern european ancestry , i would like go travel to the baltic states and poland sometime . 
  i find it sort of disturbing someone would twist my rational into thinking i 'd let a child die of cancer . 
  america has public healthcare for those who can not afford it and any child suffering should receive treatment . 
  it 's when they can work and produce should they fend for themself . 
  but someone who never worked a day in their life and goes through life expecting the government to hand them everything should get nothing and for that i have no sympathy . 
  when i was first told about him around age 3 , i did n't believe it . 
  i wonder how the people in turkey feel about erdogan now . 
  it seems be to abandoning its secularism . 
  what about monaco ? 
  please excuse my ignorance as i 'm memorizing the european flags and i 'm still learning . 
  is that red and white ball supposed to be poland ? 
  i thought the red was on the bottom and the white was on the top . 
  on a note about the nordic cross , was it adopted when the nordic nations were christianized ? 
  how were they made in the past when borders were different ? 
  i used to wonder why there were no female leprechauns as a kid ... 
  many times in america , advertisements for christmas start before thanksgiving . 
  many americans have n't heard of some of the smaller countries . 
  i thought it was cool i could name them all but now i 'm scared to say anything . 
  what is it ? 
  it surely has n't happened yet . 
  in accordance with this thread , i 've noticed , as an american , that the vast majority of people who say they are of whatever country they came from are those who immigrated here within their lifetime . 
  as an american , i tend to agree . 
  i , for one , do not believe in universal health care and if someone wants to be taken care of , they need to earn it . 
  near as i can tell , as an untraveled american , europe was at war with itself unceasingly for two thousand years and any two countries can be vastly different in terms of culture , heritage and language . 
  i hear there 's the name `` czechia '' but i do n't know how well adopted that is . 
  is independence still a thing ? 
  i speak some spanish and with i knew catalan . 
  aside from the people you live in the same house/apartment of course . 
  here in the states , it 's common for someone 's non nuclear family to live far away . 
  i have family both within a few kilometers as well as over 1000 kilometers away , all in the states . 
  do danes travel there , how big of a connection do they feel ? 
  if greenland wanted total independence , would danes care ? 
  this is mainly directed at spaniards and how well they can understand various latino accents but also portuguese speakers , french speakers and others . 
  do they see themselves are irish , british or english ? 
  are they catholic or protestant ? 
  how different is their culture from the rest of ireland ? 
  how do europeans view belarus ? 
  how do people in belarus view lukashenko ? 
  does russia back him up ? 
  i guess he 's not as famous here in america since he 's not talking about using nukes or annexing territory , as far as i know . 
  there are more than two parties here in america but even the biggest of them does n't get more than say 5 % of the vote . 
  having multiple parties is nice but i wonder if it means someone could get into office with less than 30 % of the vote . 
  for example , do any universities in england teach old english with the runic alphabet ? 
  or does any university in france teach gaulish or old frankish ? 
  i know england has oxford and cambridge but that 's about it . 
  or would you rather the monarchy abolished ? 
  mainly : andorra liechtenstein luxembourg monaco san marino, 
  not insinuating anyone is or that any particular person 's country is . 
  it 's that , if someone was known to be jewish by their peers , would they be treated differently ? 
  truly , unless they are immigrants , were taught to speak it by willing parents or school or adopted a love of a language at any time , most americans only know english which sucks . 
  in other words , people never really grow up surrounded by more than english growing up unless their family speaks another at home . 
  i guess countries in the former roman empire can use the works of roman authors if they 're from their present day country . 
  we read beowulf when i was a senior in high school , or year 12 as some may put it . 
  for example , in america , socialism is a dirty word and most american socialists are thought of as the young and ignorant . 
  or the idea of adopting the metric system is seen as unpatriotic and frowned upon ( as much as i would like the metric system to be adopted ) . 
  are some things in your country a universal idea that is apart of your identity that would be viewed as unpatriotic to renounce ? 
  are others more generational based ? 
  or is your country more laid back and varied ? 
  for me , nearly all of them . 
  even the ones that look similar like netherlands and luxembourg , poland and monaco , latvia and austria . 
  only ones i still have trouble with are moldova and andorra . 
  there 's a big push for stem ( science , technology , engineering , mathematics ) here in the us while the humanities are somewhat discouraged . 
  many young people scoff at `` soft '' majors like history and fine arts . 
  i really do n't pay attention to it except for the hot female swimmers . 
  the british bulldog comes to mind . 
  do you have landfills or do you incinerate everything ? 
  does your country do it ? 
  i just remembered amanda knox ( whom i do n't trust as far as i could throw ) who was called to be tried after being found innocent . 
  on one hand , it stops someone from being dogged by the courts their entire lives but on the other hand , it allows for wrong acquittals either because of biased juries or in light of new damning evidence . 
  to say , what 's something you think about society that contrasts between you , your parents and grandparents ? 
  i 'm about 179.5 cm , which is oddly specific . 
  i 'd say that 's about average for young white men here in the us . 
  does spanish from cadiz sound different than from barcelona or madrid ? 
  what about german from hamburg vs munich ? 
  this has nothing to do with race , just wanted to make that clear . 
  but , assuming they spoke a language you did ( english , native whatever ) would their cultural ties , or anything affect your decision ? 
  maybe nothing more than inconvenience if distance is an issue ? 
  is it seen as a virtue ? 
  or are those that do it seen as odd ? 
  i did a search and the same question was asked over 3 years ago so maybe some people feel a little different and/or the regulars here are n't entirely the same as back then . 
  there 's a big anti-smoking movement here in the us , they 've been banned left and right over the past 15 years . 
  i never smoked and i do n't like breathing in smoke as much as the next guy . 
  i used to think the whole smoke the smokers thing was getting a little overzealous but i 'm becoming increasingly anti-smoking as i get older ( late 20s now ) . 
  my school was crappy and underfunded and did n't have things like ab and bc classes like a lot of schools in the us do . 
  it did n't offer calculus at all ( most students at my school barely knew algebra when they finished ) and it had no lab . 
  so assuming a student is a high achiever , what would their curriculum look like in their 11th and 12th years ? 
  i 'm not buying into the whole world war 3 thing being around the corner but i was wondering what they think of different countries and the way things are . 
  do they still feel resentment towards former enemies ?
