  i thought there was a swedish speaking minority in finland , leftover from the swedish empire . 
  his stupid policies are a big reason why millennials have it rough while all his old fart worshipers complain about them . 
  are there any historical names from the mycenaean era ? 
  with primary sources and not from epics written later ? 
  funny thing is that they would n't have sounded weird for their time . 
  names today sound exotic around the world . 
  even ancient , biblical names have different pronunciation . 
  there 's hanno the navigator . 
  succession should be a human right . 
  how do they enforce age restriction ? 
  there 's a seed bank in svalbard which is an island north of scandinavia , in case of nuclear war , i guess . 
  how easy is traveling in or from belarus ? 
  related question : are there still land mines anywhere in europe ? 
  egocentricism is not alien to a vast majority of politicians . 
  including obama . 
  obama put on the face of a friend while trying to make things his own way . 
  at least trump is honest about his feelings . 
  what was salazar like ? 
  i only know the name . 
  i think propoganda is n't the right word . 
  wwii is the most well known historical event known by the common folk by far . 
  movie makers find it profitable . 
  i like the idea of dunkirk getting a movie since it 's not about a great victory but an evacuation which allows for more creativity and making it an awesome experience . 
  he 's pretty much right about that too since many people ( including europeans ) like to bash the us for its healthcare while thinking we 're in a position for total coverage . 
  he 's saying uranium is used in nuclear weapons which is n't wrong ; he was talking about that they 're used in , it does n't look like he was trying to give a chemical definition . 
  he also says something pretty damning about clinton which both you and the commentary ignored . 
  there was also no article so this bullshit does n't qualify as news unless you have both the intention span and sense of humor of a 21 year old . 
  `` uranium '' is more accurately defined as a chemical element since the video does n't differentiate between an element and a chemical compound . 
  edit : there 's also a grammatical mistake underneath . 
  where has he demonstrated stupidity ? 
  trump is n't stupid . 
  why was this thread rejected ? 
  for future reference . 
  in the us , it really depends on where you are . 
  i live in a suburb and i 've only had good experiences with the police . 
  only thing that irks me a little is that sometimes , they 're so friendly that it 's almost condescending and seems like a way to maintain control and dominance . 
  is there any day difference when it comes to being or not being in the eu ? 
  might i ask why norway is n't in it ? 
  just curious . 
  it 's a couple months old and many people might not have replied . 
  if this were a question about an objective question , then i 'd agree . 
  someone could choke on the irony with that and `` muh freedom ! '', 
  nice playing it safe with the name . 
  only thing i do n't like about spain is the bull fighting but i hear it 's unpopular among young people . 
  well it 's a dictatorship . 
  so it 's really a shame nobody cares . 
  not me . 
  i 'm studying german on duolingo and would visit if i were n't broke . 
  i 'm going to look into my college 's study abroad program if my scholarship goes through . 
  they 're nothing alike . 
  i just meant the only part of england not bordering water is the border to scotland . 
  i guess it 's a peninsula . 
  one time a romanian student was telling me about an email he sent a professor and i called him vlad the emailer . 
  ah , so the formal was adopted for all forms of you in latino spanish . 
  similar thing happened in english with you replacing thou . 
  would you care if someone used the ustedes form ? 
  yeah , there might have been some place with people that sunk . 
  but the idea that there was an entire continent with an advanced civilization is crazy . 
  is `` miles away '' an idiomatic expression in the netherlands ? 
  so where are you really from ? 
  how strong is the word bugger and what does it translate to ? 
  why do some coat of arms and flags have a two headed eagle ? 
  for symmetry ? 
  where 's the frown face bot ? 
  you really wo n't have time to enjoy where you are . 
  an american criticism could be that competition inspires progress . 
  well i was just wondering how many europeans rejected the idea in america someone can earn ( or get ) millions of dollars ( about as much as euros ) a year . 
  carlos slim is worth 6 % of mexico 's gdp . 
  is estonia still wanting to be nordic ? 
  and places known for gambling tend to be worse off . 
  here in the us , places with gambling tend to be poorer . 
  and poor people really wish there was a quick and easy way to get rich . 
  the anti american bias on this sub is disappointing . 
  something poipullarly taught with millions of speakers . 
  spanish german french italian chinese another example of what i mean could be avestan , old church slavonic , hunnic . 
  racism was hardly uncommon 100 years ago . 
  theocracies are the worst kind of government . 
  but the thing is there really is n't anything that 's totally harmless . 
  even healthy foods can cause problems if eaten too much . 
  anything can cause complications and everyone 's body is different . 
  if the scientific consensus is that they 're quite harmless , i think it 's just stubbornness and fear of the unnatural ( even though i do n't believe there 's such a thing as unnatural ) stopping it . 
  of course , no one , not even scientists can predict the future , all you can do is do what seems right at the time and learn as you go along . 
  io certainly is smoking . 
  https://www.goodreads.com/shelf/show/carthage sorry , i do n't know how to make a link with normal text . 
  if you like rome , there 's i , claudius and claudius the god . 
  scientifically speaking , i presume there would be the megametre which would be 1000 kilometers . 
  but that 's not much help . 
  i said it was a big factor , not the biggest or only factor . 
  it seems to me a big factor in desiring independence is a different language . 
  i think greenland wants independence but it 's not ready to sustain itself yet . 
  does the galician part of spain also want independence ? 
  i have it to a mild degree . 
  but jews have a higher incidence . 
  i understand , thanks . 
  are sami considered indigenous to scandinavia ? 
  where they there before the arrival of ancient germanic tribes ? 
  i like their clothes . 
  maybe they just all refuse to accept the fact that there 's little difference . 
  why do all those countries hate each other ? 
  mind if i ask why ?
