  do they think things are going in the right direction ? 
  i think the basque language is one of the most interesting languages in europe since it 's so ancient and gives a window into prehistoric europe . 
  i am not making any opinion of the influx of peoples in europe since i do n't know much about it ( and to be honest i do n't care to an extreme amount ) . 
  but just in general , how easy is it to get citizenship in your country ? 
  i know switzerland is really strict about it . 
  if say , someone anywhere decided they liked your country 's culture , wanted to learn the language and move there , how many years would it take for the government to fully adopt them ? 
  this is about the governments , not the general populations . 
  is it nice ? 
  either the way it sounded or just the language itself . 
  some people here learned english not much after they started speaking their native language so this is mostly for people who were old enough to remember . 
  i was tested at b1 in spanish . 
  started learning it 5 years ago and completed the spanish skill tree on duolingo but i 've never had immersion besides from the songs and news i watch . 
  it 's all latino spanish which is fine by me but i do n't know vosotros . 
  anyway , would a b1 or b2 level be enough to survive ? 
  assuming they do n't speak english . 
  as in west vs east or north vs south ? 
  is it mostly urban and then countryside ? 
  or are there large expanses of spread out homes between ? 
  most residential construction in the us outside of cities are less than even 70 years old so there are large expanses of suburban areas of very large homes . 
  as in someone who is n't hated but generates divisive opinions today ? 
  most people here are left , but what percentage of people with such mindset make up your country ? 
  what about far rights ? 
  how numerous are they ? 
  this question was asked more than a year ago but only a few people responded and maybe there are a lot of new people now . 
  by `` newer '' let 's say about 5 years old or less . 
  for example , do poles feel anything towards the polish-lithuanian commonwealth ? 
  or do the french feel any connection towards any old frankish kingdoms ? 
  by global , i mean fast food or any other foreign themed food versus native dishes . 
  would only things like culture matter ? 
  if they were similar to your country and spoke a european language , would that be enough ? 
  what that means is , if a minor can prove that they are capable of taking care of themselves , they can apply to be emancipated where they are freed from control of their parents and treated as a legal adult . 
  in the us , it 's very rare and i do n't think all states allow it . 
  finishing secondary school and being financially secure are necessary at least . 
  sorry for all the threads , this will be the last in a while . 
  but why did germany , spain and italy turn fascist while others like france and britain did n't ? 
  after wwii , things went in the right direction . 
  but now that it 's been almost too long to remember , there seems to be a general increase of the far right around the world . 
  thailand is a military dictatorship . 
  turkey is becoming more radical . 
  the philippines has a crazy guy in charge . 
  paraguay just voted to let the president run indefinitely . 
  trump in the us . 
  i do n't know , i 'm sorta worried about this . 
  and angry . 
  sanctions really do n't work either . 
  the idea is that they 'll make the country behave but the thing is dictators only leave for two reasons , either they die or they get overthrown . 
  the latter is unlikely due to their total control and oppression of the people so all sanctions do is turn the country into a shithole while the dictator does n't budge . 
  for example , english is biased towards right handedness by having the word right mean the direction and correct . 
  or sexism how esposa means both wife and handcuffs in spanish . 
  does your country allow it ? 
  any opinions on the people who do it ? 
  how do you define it ? 
  are americans too loud ? 
  any other issues with other nationalities ? 
  assuming you 're not british . 
  i 'm not perpetuating english , i 'm just curious how much of a lingua franca it is . 
  how much pride to french people feel in the notre-dame ( our lady ? ), 
  or greeks in the parthenon ? 
  or spaniards and the alhambra ? 
  even if it was n't built by spaniards . 
  you 're mostly young men who lean left . 
  is this one of the more left subs on the site ? 
  there 's a big push for stem majors here in the us . 
  it 's gotten to the point where some stem majors poke fun at arts majors . 
  that 's why i 'm majoring in both . 
  they could be from anywhere . 
  i have n't seen much of the us . 
  mainly when someone visits someone 's house . 
  not necessarily neo nazis but any racist and or extreme nationalists . 
  i 'm taking german on duolingo . 
  i completed the spanish and italian skill tree . 
  if you 've met any , what were your opinions of them ? 
  do you keep to all of your country 's traditions like religion , food , fashion , or gestures ? 
  or are you more individualized ? 
  as in your city , town , region ect . 
  as in regained territory that was lost ? 
  some people criticize the star spangled banner for being pro war . 
  well , it was literally written during a battle and is based off of a drinking song . 
  and that 's pretty awesome . 
  say a political science or economics degree that did n't mean the same thing in another country ? 
  or maybe some country did n't think a stem degree had been taught properly ? 
  i am about 179 or 180 cm , hard to tell . 
  i 'm about dead average height for most men but i think the average 19 year old might be a few cms taller . 
  ( i 'm 27 ) are you above or below average where you are ? 
  what 's average ? 
  would my height be above or below average for young guys ? 
  basically , any construction or project that would cost billions of euros . 
  cern is an example . 
  it could be physically huge but does n't have to be . 
  i do n't mind most taxes here in the us , including sales tax except i wish it 'd be included in the price tag . 
  i study history but i do n't feel any pride or connection to it except that i respect that its why my life is the way it is for the most part . 
  but i don ' feel like a long history makes anyone better than anyone else . 
  as in does your country have a baby boomer generation ? 
  or generation x ? 
  i think it 's 85 % bullcrap . 
  as in chimps , gorilla , orangutans and bonobos ? 
  i assume besides plain invasion on your country . 
  i like to think that 's what the us is . 
  i 'd have to say japan . 
  i like the uniformity and togetherness .
