  we 're all just people from different countries that do different things . 
  i 'm going to be down voted to hell for saying this but i voted for trump and i 'd easily do it again . 
  not for his promises which were of course bullshit ( all politicians are bullshitters ) and i do n't even like him but i did n't like the way the country was going under obama . 
  honestly , i 'd like a more moderate politician but there are n't many moderates who make it . 
  extremophiles get voted in . 
  but i just do n't think anyone should let themselves be subject to a person 's opinion about their country when all they know about it is crap they read or watch which is nothing . 
  for the record , i do think healthcare should be a hybridization of private and public , i think most drugs should be legal . 
  but i have plenty of `` right wing '' views too and i do n't care if 99 % of this board disproves . 
  i put that in quotes because most people misunderstand the true difference between left and right . 
  americans should n't come here to make themselves european , but to learn about the world and how different people do things . 
  i 'm here because i think europe is an interesting place and i 've spent five years and counting ( i 'm young ) studying its history . 
  but i think just coming here and asking how you can be more like them is pretty weird . 
  and judging from the like percentage , i 'd say i 'm not alone . 
  why are you being such a masochist ? 
  america is a fine country like 85 % of countries out there . 
  i do n't mean anything about them being less european , just not linguistically from the indo-european family . 
  i 've seen theories that proto-indo-european itself split from the proto-uralic languages even earlier . 
  they 're not indo-european but they 're still native to the area , is it right to say they 're not european languages just because they 're not from the official family ? 
  do germans feel about pride today about teutoburg forest ? 
  i heard someone say norwegians still hold a grudge . 
  that 's just what he said . 
  she 's been in power for 12 years . 
  is that normal ? 
  petain was a bad leader but what about as a general ? 
  what about northern irish and wales ? 
  well i did n't want to be the one to say it !, 
  maybe they want to get into slavic languages but are scared of the cyrillic alphabet ? 
  what if they wanted to learn spanish spanish with vosotros and not latino spanish ? 
  i 've only used duolingo so i do n't know . 
  i 'm not actively learning it now . 
  i guess i could try a vocaroo , if that 's allowed . 
  i have nothing against greenland but would it be a little isolated ? 
  i 've only studied it a bit but i have n't found it difficult . 
  after studying spanish and italian , i 'm considering a germanic language . 
  there 's always german but i 'm sorta intimidated by the grammar . 
  dutch is a nice language . 
  it 's the closest language to english besides some with a small amount of speakers like scots and frisian . 
  you do n't like being called czechia ? 
  what i 'm asking is , does the daylight being shifted an hour forward make a big difference considering that ? 
  what about the daylight hours at your latitude ? 
  near as i can tell from what i 've read , the ffs feared a direct democracy . 
  what about estonia ? 
  to me , that along with the rise of fascism around the world happening just as the last of those old enough to remember the war are dying off is not a coincidence . 
  plus with the economic downturn of the late 00s . 
  people need to think . 
  i guess he was right about that . 
  i do n't believe the bohemian corporal qualifies since he 's virtually universally disliked instead of being divisive . 
  everyone knows military is necessary . 
  i 'm just trying to give an objective educated guess as to why some might view it as more necessary than others . 
  i attempt to answer your comment on americans with my stand off analogy . 
  i think countries without a great international pressure will be less inclined to believe in the military . 
  if they found themselves in an unprovoked war , they might change their minds . 
  over zealousness is a problem when it comes to the military but it 's a bit like the prisoner 's dilemma . 
  if you have a standoff , no one wants to be the first to lower their gun . 
  since i 've been downvoted , if someone read this post with good comprehension , you 'd see i am against worship of the military and that i wish there were no wars . 
  i am explaining why some view it as necessary and those who do n't have many self declared enemies might not easily understand . 
  i 'm sure there would be a bunch of laws put into place surrounding it when it becomes feasible . 
  eventually , someone crazy will do it , then a few more slightly less crazy people will do it . 
  then it will be normal . 
  we should use it to raise iq . 
  i was just talking to a sicilian dude who said his accent is stereotyped as unsophisticated . 
  but that 's all one country , at least , and we all pretty much speak english . 
  studies show , however , that living far away from the ocean has a rough correlation with less standards of living . 
  places like the great plains here on the north american continent but also places like mongolia and kazakhstan . 
  there really are n't any big cities in the great plains , most of them are on either coast or near a source of water . 
  not saying this is the case for places like the czech republic but maybe siberia to an extent ? 
  well none of my grandparents died in the holocaust so i 'd be a little conufzzled . 
  i 'm jewish and if a german apologized to me about wwii , i 'd be confused and embarrassed . 
  right . 
  this is what happened in the stone age and transformed equal tribes into empires with kings . 
  eventually , someone musters the might and gets more than everyone else . 
  they become the wealthy leader , their grandson becomes king and 100 years later , people thought they were placed there by god . 
  the paradox of a free country lies in the fact that in order to maintain freedom , some freedom must be limited so that those limited people do n't take other people 's freedoms . 
  in american government , there is an attempt to stop each branch from becoming too powerful ( although i 'd argue that has failed since the executive branch has become ridiculously powerful thanks to fdr ) . 
  there was no referee of business so that pattern emerges and you get a dystopian monopoly . 
  we stopped that with our progressive era and anti-trust laws . 
  the thing is you need a balance between state and government so ensure no one anywhere in any which one becomes too powerful . 
  for the record , i believe in a ( mostly ) free market . 
  why ? 
  because with a command economy , the government controls it all which is a failed state since that just leads to the fascist types of socialism . 
  the problem with the other way around , and one or few businesses will drive the others out and you get the same problem . 
  but if we still sway toward the free market , then the state remains a player and does it 's job to help people while still making sure no businesses can achieve monopoly and maintain balance . 
  because at least then , the masses of people will get their needs and wants sufficient from the businesses and puts the government into an appropriate check . 
  right . 
  markets only emerge if they 're profitable . 
  people who can not afford their treatment can not partake in the business and therefore would n't get treatment . 
  the american argument is that collectivism truncates creativity and that such is born out of competition . 
  i have no comment on the veracity of that thinking . 
  who said i thought that ? 
  i just said i did n't know if they were first generation or not . 
  i do n't doubt you but i see lots of italian flags on shirts and on licenses plates where there are italian americans near me . 
  i do n't know which of them are first generation or descendants . 
  how do those old enough to remember the war ( as a child or an actual veteran ) feel about it now ? 
  i agree with this mentality . 
  i do n't like it when random strangers strike up conversation with me and then get offended when i do n't explode with enthusiasm back at them , especially if i 'm obviously preoccupied with something . 
  europeans do n't give a crap what americans think of them , why should the other way around be any different ? 
  how is it different from the mainland ? 
  near as i can tell , the phrase `` the americas '' is what refers to the entire landmass of north and south america . 
  people sometimes project their psychology onto others . 
  maybe this is why wars happen somewhat .
