  just curious . 
  plenty of people in the world have a right to complain . 
  but most people bitch and whine about stupid things . 
  we 're talking about `` millennials '' and their prospects and i do n't see any major problems . 
  much ado about nothing and sheeple eat it up . 
  you ca n't declare war on a tactic . 
  bullshit and the name `` millennial '' is bullshit too . 
  war history is boring . 
  i 'm more interested in changes of people over generations . 
  is there famine ? 
  is there a nuclear fallout ? 
  are you homeless ? 
  do you live in a war torn environment ? 
  then quit complaining . 
  i do n't believe it 's a bleak future in the us . 
  that 's such cliched thinking . 
  did you notice that there ? 
  i just earned an associate 's . 
  i try reading every day . 
  i 'd like to know why this thread was rejected . 
  for future reference . 
  have you ever been to the us ? 
  i honestly do n't know . 
  problem is i suffer from a mild form of schizophrenia so i do n't qualify for combat . 
  if i did , i suppose invasion on domestic soil would be the only thing . 
  the von schlieffen plan did n't affect you guys at all besides belgium ? 
  i 'm a little rusty on my wwi history . 
  yiddish culture can be pretty facetious , it would n't surprise me at all . 
  i 'll answer for my great grandparents . 
  in german , schmuck means jewelry while in yiddish , it literally translates to penis which in effect , means essentially an a-hole rat bastard . 
  it 's the worst insult you can call a man ( not women ) . 
  i guess it 's either a coincidence or it stemmed from the family jewels or something . 
  nature 's randomness must be the nemesis of engineering students . 
  ghosts are people too i guess . 
  one is nothing like the other . 
  if the animal is not someone 's property , then an animal that hurts a person is typically destroyed . 
  i guess you ca n't make a prison for chimp . 
  i think being a person is the ability to empathize and love . 
  that rules out psychopaths and highly dysfunctional people . 
  we do n't expect people with profound disabilities , or small children to do these things but does that mean they are n't persons ? 
  judging from the time it was written , it seems like a response to nazi aggression . 
  maybe also to other great powers ' imperialism earlier and american capitalism . 
  you might know better than me . 
  a percentage maybe ? 
  would the russian civilian public protest in such a case ? 
  i 'm jewish , mostly from places like ukraine , poland , belarus and lithuania . 
  i usually get german , got dutch once and scandinavian . 
  i like dispelling the stereotype . 
  i 'm taking german on duolingo and it sort of sucks only the berlin accent ( i presume ) is available . 
  i have family in vienna . 
  are native romanians considered descendants of the romans ? 
  well human culture did n't consult plate tectonics . 
  roma stereotype ? 
  irish not including northern irish are not british but are still from the british isles ? 
  it 's probably just what you 're used to . 
  what about old school loony toons ? 
  believe it . 
  it 's been a while , i might miss up to 5 out of 48 if i did it now . 
  edit : just did it again , 45/48 . 
  not bad after a couple years . 
  basically , if she 's hot and of another ethnicity then her ethnicity will aid in her attractiveness . 
  but that can be for any background . 
  each one would result in a failed state . 
  maybe someday . 
  90 % 1:56 european one . 
  i can name : every country in the world every us state every state of mexico every county of england every province of canada every european capital every us state capital, 
  was it named after hannibal ? 
  does the tv show air in norway ? 
  i 'm glad the world became a better place since wwii for the most part . 
  i feel lucky to be alive now rather than hundreds of years ago , odds are i 'd be dead by now in that case . 
  i mean , you 're right . 
  you 're a product of your nation 's history no matter how you cut it . 
  you do n't control where you 're born or to whom you 're born to . 
  do you ? 
  why ? 
  why assume people born around the same time act the same way ? 
  it 's important but i was born when i was born and i 've done what i 've done . 
  i respect accomplishments but i do n't feel like i had a part in it . 
  i sort of agree that taking out the leader or just invading is sort of lazy and not very insightful . 
  what you 're talking about is easier said than done . 
  they were supposed to be for kids with adhd or autism . 
  i do n't know if the word `` fidget '' is about the toy or the kid . 
  there are some vids on youtube of a guy spinning one for 24 hours and i guess he gets money for all the views and subscriptions . 
  pretty stupid , if you ask me . 
  glad i 'm not a kid anymore . 
  although i 'd probably feel the same way if i were , i was never into fads . 
  what would you do ? 
  yeah and i disapprove . 
  it would be easier if all verbs were n't conjugated . 
  yeah , what i said was ignorant . 
  plus uralic languages also have conjugation . 
  i 'm just in a sour mood . 
  i think declension makes things a little complicated unnecessarily . 
  students should always take the initiate . 
  when i was 12 , i read a book a day every day . 
  i would n't say extremely rare . 
  i 'd say 180 is around the 95 to 97th percentile for women in the us . 
  extremely rate would be 195 . 
  could have something to do with average dairy consumption . 
  my mom is 155 cm and my dad is 165 cm so i 'm grateful for the height i have .
