  how different are subcultures that you still essentially refer to them being the same since they 'd be in their countries with that ethnicity ? 
  not sure i follow your usage of the word `` monolith '' in regards to culture . 
  surely it would be narrow minded ( and racist ) to assume everyone of a particular ethnicity all follow the same culture and none other ? 
  it was n't which is why i specified `` culture '' as an attempt to avoid that misunderstanding . 
  sort of curious why people are rejecting this topic . 
  question !, 
  is there a relationship between the word god and god for good ? 
  i actually hate small talk and find it silly and pointless . 
  i do n't feel like talking to people i do n't know . 
  `` breaking balls '' is also stupid . 
  i am center-right that i believe in a small but effective government . 
  i do n't believe people should be married to their governments for all their needs but retain an essence of individual strength as they take care of themselves . 
  i believe in healthcare for those not capable of taking care of themselves but the us is a massive country of 320 million people with wide income gaps and a multitude of other demographic divides . 
  it 's rather suicidal to think the government could employ public healthcare for everyone under such circumstances and i think ignorance about how the us has these types of problems goes both ways . 
  again , i think anyone who ca n't fend for themselves should receive help but i personally do n't want my coverage to come from the government but to be something i worked hard for when i receive my terminal degree someday through the people i work and actually spend time with . 
  i regret that i do n't have the time to do research on things that go on every day but the american media is a joke . 
  it 's more than the stereotypical complaint republicans make about the liberal media but things are so circus-y biased and politically charged , there 's just no such thing as objective news anymore . 
  the people should be told facts and left for themselves what to make of it , not be told what 's good and what 's bad . 
  i do n't necessarily like trump that much but it looks like no one , and i mean no one , is taking the time to analyze his presidency academically and not just sheepleing and parroting what they hear on the flashy fish-luring , illiterate attracting idiot box every day . 
  most presidents try to push their own agendas , no matter their affiliation . 
  it does n't help that obamacare is literally about 1000 pages long and designed to be convoluted . 
  even scotus admitted that they did n't read all of it . 
  obama was quite totalitarian . 
  i do n't know how prevalent that is . 
  i have wavy hair that makes spirals going down , most people in my family have straight , dark hair . 
  i 'm not asking what you think of jewish people , but the jewish people you 've met . 
  i 'm jewish on both sides and appearances in my family vary . 
  some are ruddy , others are darker and some like me are lighter with blond hair and blue eyes . 
  i usually get german as my ancestry . 
  i find german women attractive . 
  i think that was a simpsons joke . 
  is there krampus in dutch folklore ? 
  more like realizing that disagreeing with my post is why generations of people inherit hate for something done to another many years and generations ago and is a big reason for perpetual wars in europe in the past . 
  speaking generally , i do n't understand why people use words like `` we '' and `` us '' to describe what your country did in the past . 
  you were n't born yet and as little as 100 years ago , there was almost an entirely different set of people living in britain with different opinions and experiences . 
  i refer to the us as `` them '' and `` they '' since totally different people did stuff back then . 
  not me . 
  your house . 
  will edit . 
  agreed . 
  i love bromance languages . 
  can i answer since i think this is pretty evident in the us ? 
  people who live in rural areas usually spend their whole lives within the vicinity they were born . 
  when you do n't experience much diversity and change growing up , it becomes harder and harder to embrace it as you age . 
  i 'm around b1 in spanish , maybe a2 in italian . 
  catalan is pretty easy ( i only hear it online ) . 
  not sure yet about romanian . 
  portuguese is moderately understandable . 
  bigger countries lead to secularism in different locations . 
  either it gets to the point where there 's a civil war or a central authority exerts authoritative command . 
  v / tried to make a check . 
  sorry , very busy with school . 
  that comment is jumping up and down a lot . 
  communism working the way it was written is a fantasy . 
  what about \u00c6 ? 
  is there an incentive to learn low german ? 
  lots of times clubs are academic and colleges smile upon proactive extracurricular activities . 
  americans are generally discouraged from answering questions but my ancestors were in europe up until between 120 and 80 years ago . 
  i feel like i can answer since i 'm of european descent . 
  if i get down voted , i 'll delete . 
  my ancestry is 100 % jewish , mostly from the pale of settlement such as present day ukraine , poland , belarus and lithuania . 
  i have relatives who were murdered in the holocaust . 
  my great grandfather 's brother survived by becoming a doctor and saved many lives . 
  i apparently have cousins living in vienna . 
  can someone clue me in on the eu 's administrative duties ? 
  honestly , i did n't think so . 
  i am somewhere between a2 and b1 in spanish so i obviously do n't claim fluency but spanish is simpler than english too , i think . 
  there 's just way more to remember in german . 
  i can understand some spoken german but i 'd break so many rules if i tried to speak it . 
  there 's a finnish guy in one of my classes . 
  even when he sits right next to me when there 's no other noise , i still have to ask him to speak up . 
  are you kidding ? 
  we have `` under god '' in our pledge of allegiance and our coins say `` in god we trust . '', 
  any attempt to remove them yields critical backlash . 
  i 'm closer and closer to being an anti-theist every year . 
  did you see me say that the other day ? 
  lol, 
  german has more complicated grammar than english . 
  as a native english speaker , romance languages are easier to me . 
  i would fit right in germany since i am never funny . 
  i would n't go that far . 
  but it does feel like america bashing is more acceptable than european on european bashing which is usually more innocuous . 
  why am i getting down voted ? 
  did i say there was anything wrong with being left ? 
  is social media very big in russia ? 
  are there provisions by the government to limit internet access ? 
  i find it fascinating that a country has made such an incredible change in one life time yet the us remains much more race conscious . 
  i often say that not seeing race is the future , yet i am accused of ignoring racism when i say this . 
  yet , surely , by continuing to blow it into such a large proportion , they only perpetuate its existence . 
  ca n't stand liberals in my country . 
  i ca n't express my thoughts among my classmates without them blowing a gasket . 
  okay . 
  i 'll come back to this comment in a week or so . 
  but communism is referred to the dictatorship of the proletariat . 
  are n't communism and anarchy dead opposites ? 
  i made a joke once that the shard looked like the ministry of love . 
  never watched that show . 
  such a cliche book to reference . 
  i think well done tattoos with meaning are nice . 
  but just having your body covered with shock value is stupid .
