  if you 're asking about the us ' handling of the wars in the me and the captured terrorists , i am not in favor of a war at all but it 's hard not to get defensive when some angrily call for total annihilation . 
  i 'm not european but since this question directly targets the us , might i ask why ? 
  the way i see things , most , if not all countries have done crappy stuff in the past . 
  i try to not get too hooked up on it . 
  in fact , i am chiefly convinced that the inability to let the past go is a prime mover for much of the world 's current misery . 
  actually `` you '' is the formal you in english with `` thou '' being the informal which has , of course , fallen out of usage . 
  do any other countries do that ? 
  how common is kissing cheeks in france ? 
  i 've always wanted to visit longyearbyen . 
  trump is child 's play compared to past political figures in america . 
  so if they 're european then what is it of their culture that separates it from the rest ? 
  i guess i do blurt things out sometimes . 
  fair enough , i 'm not deleting but i wo n't do it in the future . 
  what about russia today and former soviet states ? 
  nowhere in the rules on the side does it say that . 
  i do n't do it often , though . 
  capitalism . 
  do n't care about down votes . 
  usually debit . 
  i do n't like carrying cash even though it might come in handy at some point . 
  is that why there are n't many trees in the english countryside ? 
  i taught myself spanish as an adult and although i 'm not fluent , i can generally follow most conversations but i do n't speak it very often so i have a hard time finding my words . 
  i know a little italian too . 
  yay i 'm not on that list . 
  question !, 
  do eastern europeans have trace mongolian ancestry ? 
  as a kid , i thought roma were romanians and then i thought romanian was slavic . 
  but i was just a kid . 
  romanian is such a cool and unsung romance language . 
  i wish dalmatian was still around . 
  it 's considered rude to not hold a door open for someone behind you . 
  if there 's a large group of people entering , you just kinda have to wait until someone takes the burden off and holds it next . 
  how much of a movement is there in germany to learn low german ? 
  plattdeutsch i think it 's called without googling . 
  we had the memorize the continents in high school . 
  that was it . 
  i 've never been to europe . 
  i can not say . 
  have n't seen too many of them but i have a crush on agnete johnsen . 
  well , asking to what extant that happened is basically what i meant . 
  does it have the same drug and drinking problems russia has ? 
  how was he viewed while in power ? 
  was support high when he won the civil war when nationalism was high in europe but declined over the decades ? 
  it 's funny how you claim americans are that way in your second paragraph while it clearly exclaims an air of superiority . 
  sometimes we did it and sometimes we did n't . 
  i always kept silent at `` under god . '', 
  i do n't even remember high school and that 's a very good thing . 
  my high school sucked and i 'm trying to forget i ever went there . 
  even junior college has been dimensions better . 
  i used to watch victoria flamel , a danish vlogger but then i quit watching vlogs since they suck . 
  is there any incentive in northern ireland to join the rest of ireland ? 
  especially in light of brexit ? 
  a part of nationalism is the belief that your culture and ways are superior . 
  while i do believe multiculturalism can be a centrifugal force at times , the alternative is far worse . 
  argentinian spanish , specifically buenos aires is n't too bad to me . 
  generally , it 's harder when they omit the s at the end but i 'm getting used to it . 
  i generally watch news from that country on youtube which i understand about 80 to 90 % . 
  some . 
  spanish from spain and colombian are pretty easy . 
  i started learning spanish as an adult a few years ago in my early 20s , i 'm not fluent but i can generally understand most accents but i ca n't understand puerto rican for crap . 
  the spanish i know is latino and i learned ustedes and not vosotros . 
  to me , the northern mexican accent is the accent-less spanish , but that 's just me . 
  never . 
  is that a rhetorical question ? 
  krampus came and ate them instead . 
  right , i 've seen a danish vlogger make jokes about people living with their parents . 
  is it more common for people from mediterranean countries to stay with their parents longer ? 
  i think a lot of americans are stuck in the past and follow strong stereotypical thoughts about many countries . 
  some are still edgy with germany and japan about wwii and many americans i speak to are still very proud of the war of independence . 
  edit : yeah , really , whenever i ring someone up and their total comes to 17.76 , they say `` good year ! '', 
  i think there 's a cultural gap here . 
  americans may love their family but there 's also a strong sense of individualism for people to move out and make it on their own . 
  some may stick close together but many are comfortable with it like that . 
  america is a smaller place than it seems . 
  i do n't know much but celtic languages always seem otherworldly to me and ethereal . 
  that , scottish gaelic and welsh just seem attractive to me and exotic . 
  have you considered duo to learn irish ? 
  i asked about a bridge over the english channel but i forgot about the tunnel . 
  i 'd like to continue to work on my spanish and learn more italian . 
  i 'm about 1.80 , would i feel short ? 
  i forgot about that . 
  damn caffeine high . 
  actually , my parents took me on a week long trip to the yucatan in 2006 when i was in high school but i did n't feel comfortable including that since they took me and i did n't pay anything . 
  i live in southeast pa near philly and i 've been to new york a couple times , virginia and down the east coast to florida . 
  but i 've never spent more than a week anywhere else , really . 
  i speak some spanish and i 'd love to visit buenos aires . 
  but not on a vacation , i 'd want to actually live there on my own for a few months at least out of my own pocket . 
  that goes for anywhere , including europe . 
  i 've never traveled before because traveling is crazy expensive , i work 30 hours a week and i still ca n't afford anything . 
  of course not . 
  edit : i think this post was misunderstood . 
  this poster above me asked because it seemed obvious and i agreed . 
  do you think there 's some kind of stigma with being called eastern european or something ? 
  that 's what i was trying to convey , hence being more unique to the baltic states than slavic . 
  i did n't know so i asked . 
  well i thought the nordic countries have a socialist system with high taxes but i do n't know what public goods they 're used for besides medical care and ubiquitous things like road maintenance ect ... 
  do the baltic states avoid being affiliated with the soviets ? 
  are the cultures in the baltic states more unique than slavic ? 
  does estonia have a nordic model tax system ? 
  so scandinavia is denmark , sweden and norway while nordic are those plus iceland and finland ?
