  if the us were to announce they were building a very large hadron collider , would you want europe to build an extremely large hadron collider ? 
  it was a joke . 
  i saw a news story that talked about how they were trying to create miniature black holes and people were joking about them destroying the world . 
  hey , what 's the name of the sub ? 
  thing is about the states is that there 's so much land in rural areas where there 's nothing for miles . 
  in english , `` they '' can be third person singular gender neutral but it 's not common . 
  but they ( topic creator ) already said it was a woman so idk . 
  anyone not crazy about her being in power for 12 years ? 
  i 'm living in what was one of them , hahaha . 
  in 2012 , i got into reading where i was reading a book a day , every day . 
  i slowed down to about 100 pages a day but right now it 's mostly textbooks . 
  beowulf and macbeth were taught at my school at year 12 , a midsummer night 's dream and romeo and juliet at year 7 . 
  i wish i could take a class on old english and really read beowulf . 
  i typed art history and art period into the search bar and got nothing . 
  i love hellenistic art . 
  it 's so detailed , emotional and , in my opinion , improves upon classical greece . 
  i do n't think so since he does n't think of himself as jewish . 
  i agree but i do n't know what else to say since i 'm white ( yes , i have fair skin with blond hair and blue eyes ) but not christian . 
  like i said , my dad is a difficult guy . 
  we 're all jewish . 
  he 's just a grumpy , weird old man . 
  dad is 63 and mom is 59 in a few days . 
  my dad actually does n't like jews but he hates nazis way worse . 
  he never shuts up about how he hates germans and japanese when he watches wwii shows . 
  he bad mouths jews too sometimes . 
  i honestly just tolerate him , he 's not the sharpest knife in the drawer . 
  he might be my dad but i do n't always have to like him and i 'm way smarter . 
  my mom is from a more religious upbringing and just became less jewish as she aged . 
  her side of the family is more religious and more pro israel . 
  many of them are very wealthy while we 're borderline lower class . 
  my mom 's just a depression case . 
  i sympathize , she works 45 hours a week with an hour commute one way . 
  all she does is mope and whine and complain about antisemitism and my dad . 
  sorry , i just really need to vent , they just never shut up . 
  i 'm jewish and i do n't know about the rest of my family but both my parents seem to harbor some resentment . 
  my dad constantly watches nazi stuff on tv and never shuts up about how he hates germans . 
  i love him but he 's lacking on imagination and can be a difficult person . 
  my mom is more cynical and depressed . 
  i , on the other hand , have nothing against germans today . 
  i met a german family while vacationing at the jersey shore and they were very nice . 
  fast and efficient . 
  i like that in a person . 
  ugh , ca n't wait to move out . 
  do they stay at the same prison ? 
  what about murderers ? 
  some are incapable of being rehabilitated and are just psychos . 
  you 're not european . 
  you can comment on what other people say like you just did . 
  most here share this sentiment , i think . 
  triggered . 
  which is the democracy ? 
  maybe they smoke more than one at once . 
  i tend to agree , i 'm all for open travel but at the end of the day , someone will feel one more strongly than the other . 
  i 'm honestly not sure what to make of your comment . 
  us history is more complicated than that . 
  calling some age a gold age concerning culture usually carries nationalistic hubris . 
  the 19th century in the us was interesting but had slavery , wage slavery , child labor and was a far cry from today 's medical and technological advances . 
  that , social historical reasons , just reasons . 
  well yes . 
  but why ? 
  what about the religion ? 
  why am i getting down voted ? 
  i do n't who exactly wears them and why . 
  i am uncomfortable calling any period a golden age . 
  in my experience , people who are into meditation are usually stressed or have anger problems . 
  but maybe that 's just a us thing . 
  one just wants to survive . 
  the other wants to kill them all . 
  i 've heard people say there 's some knife crime ? 
  is that true at all ? 
  jeez , i just made a topic about this that got over 200 replies . 
  i can see why austria-hungary did n't make it . 
  right but it 's still an example of a trend . 
  i usually do n't care about local crap . 
  and i think there 's some mass hysteria surrounding trump . 
  but something like failed ( or staged ? ), 
  coup like last year warrants attention . 
  how would you respond ? 
  i do n't claim to say that we should go out and do something , i 'm just saying , it 's worrying . 
  i did n't forget him , everyone knows about him . 
  russia was also always a dictatorship and does n't represent a reverse from democracy . 
  many south american nations were once military dictatorships that became democracies since but here is an example of a reversal . 
  poverty is the biggest reason for having many children . 
  if some countries got their shit together , the birth rate would fall on its own . 
  would you disapprove of laws that forced immersion ? 
  all of them ? 
  is n't poland catholic ? 
  anything other than the god of abraham . 
  i 'm a sucker for norse mythology . 
  well of course . 
  we 'd need a new digit for 10 and 11 and 12 would be the new 10 . 
  this is right . 
  whatever you 've spent your life working with is going to seem natural and anything else , you would n't be used to . 
  like how some languages might not always be logical but it 's natural because you 've used it all your life . 
  i think a better system than both would be an enhanced metric that 's base 12 and everyone should use it . 
  what 's the origin of those three legs coming out of the center of the flag like the isle of man and sicily ? 
  honestly , i can understand one as easy as the other . 
  the uniformity is nice but base 12 is superior and more logical than base 10 . 
  also , i think the argument that it just plain `` makes no sense '' is just not that true , otherwise , how could a country of 325 million people use it every day for years and years and go on ? 
  imo , i think you just like to look up to europeans .
