  most men in my family are 175 or less . 
  is n't ? 
  i thought you belived i wanted the number to be lower ? 
  do you even understand what the number means ? 
  pretty much every european ethnicity plus a multitude of ethnicities from around teh world are in the us . 
  the only thing that goes against it is the segregation . 
  diversity is mostly in the cities while the suburbs and countryside remain mostly of english and other germanic descent . 
  but ... that 's not really my point . 
  all i was trying to say was that if you isolate the stereotypical white populations in the us ( mainly germanic , english or irish ) then you 'd see enough of a difference in height to warrant a difference . 
  even wiki 's page on international height has different listings in the us for white , black and other `` races . '', 
  enough so that the average latino would be as much as 10 to 12 cms shorter than the `` white '' population . 
  it was necessary to make the distinction to compare to finland which is mostly finnish . 
  that 's all i was trying to say before . 
  jeez . 
  this problem is easily solved by created two new digits to take the place of 10 and 11 with 10 being the new 12 . 
  that 's why it 's called base 12 . 
  okay , considering that there 's a 50 % chance in this study that you will get two different ethnicities in the us compared to a 13 % chance in finland , it means you just blindly threw out numbers from a study which is admitted to be criticized so you clearly did n't even read or study what you just attempted to use as an argument since this study actually helps my argument and this also provides no actual defense that race is n't related to ethnicity which means your post did nothing for you except show you like to throw random numbers out without knowing what they mean . 
  language diversity also obviously would have nothing to with height variations so that 's a big nothing . 
  obviously race and ethnicity are n't the same and my point was that there 's a closer relationship between germanic ethnicities which are the principle white population in the us . 
  that 's why i said white before . 
  even in the countries with more ethnicities , those ethnicites are still closely related to one another whereas the us has people from all over the world as a sizable percentage so the muslim populations do n't compare either . 
  i have no idea what your point is now . 
  i do n't follow . 
  ethnic diversity in finland does not compare to that of the us . 
  that 's just a fact . 
  what the hell made you think i was saying there was n't ? 
  did i say anything about that ? 
  that did n't follow from anything i said . 
  but now that you mention it , yes the us is more ethnically diverse than probably most other countries . 
  almost every downvote i get is a misunderstanding . 
  imo , one 's as easy as the other . 
  it 's said the average american man is about 176 cm but i think that 's misleading since it does n't take age or racial demographics into account . 
  the young average white guy is probably 180 to 182 cm . 
  funny thing , base 12 is more logical than base 10 since 12 can be divided evenly into 3rds and 4ths . 
  well , that 's out of 12 . 
  i thought some parts of the balkans are taller , mainly the slavic populations . 
  and a half . 
  edit : are people incapable of taking a joke ? 
  i 've heard jean paul jacques is the french version . 
  wtf ? 
  i just made a thread like this . 
  and lol at the travel flair . 
  more like english culture . 
  i think believing your country ( or empire ) was superior was common in most of the western world for much of the imperialist era . 
  maybe it 's because the us emerged mostly unscathed after wwii and also because of it 's geographical isolation that we had n't shaken that belief . 
  european countries learned that such thinking was detrimental to world happiness since they had 100 years to reflect upon which the us did n't really have much considering resistance mainly came from natives , mexicans and others in contrast to other major powers for most of our 19th century existence . 
  i 'd also wager the physical isolation , hyper vigilance after 50 years after the cold war and increasing centralized power of the federal government could be where much of the `` murica '' stereotype came from today . 
  i think americans did this too back in the 17 and 18 hundreds . 
  maybe it was more common in the western world until some countries decided to use the more informal clap . 
  well i do n't drink . 
  maybe the difficulty is apart of what makes it fun ? 
  maybe it was n't intended to be completed but a fun attempt ? 
  i 'm pretty sure our anthem is hard to sing because it was a drinking song . 
  do other parts of the uk besides england have their own anthem ? 
  oh , i thought you were saying you did n't enjoy it . 
  in some ways , you already have . 
  what was it ? 
  finally !, 
  would you like to have a moon colony if it were possible ? 
  meh , new york is n't the big apple some people think it is . 
  i 'm actually living in former new sweden . 
  it 's a nice place . 
  lol you 're right . 
  looks like most people took it the way i wanted . 
  i would rather know something by studying than just magically knowing it . 
  but if it were magic , i 'd love to know more about neolithic europe before the arrival of the indo europeans . 
  i have no idea , i really do n't watch sports . 
  i happen to think soccer is pretty boring since 99 % of the time , the ball just goes back and forth while no points accumulate . 
  plenty of people think golf is interesting due to the skill required so i would n't say that speed and frequency of events is everyone 's determining factor . 
  see , there someone else goes saying the game just sucks . 
  it does n't follow that the game sucks based on what i said . 
  i think that 's just blatant anti-american bias . 
  i would n't say it automatically disqualifies the game as interesting , all i said was that the social aspect is more important . 
  take that away , and it 's still whatever you think of it . 
  i actually happen to agree that the sport is boring but so is pretty much every sport . 
  that 's your opinion to consider it boring . 
  it 's not boring to the people who like it . 
  i find most sports boring . 
  like other people hint at in this thread , american football is more about the social aspect of watching it rather than the game itself . 
  so unless it 's already popular in that vicinity , it 's unlikely to have the same impact . 
  the language has really simple grammar and syntax . 
  it 's designed to be a language that 's easy to learn . 
  learning esperanto is n't supposed to be about a joy or challenge of learning the language itself but rather to make communication easier . 
  in other words , it takes away something that learning a language is supposed to be about . 
  learning a new language can certainly be apart of expanding your horizons with how many people you can speak to but it 's also supposed to be an odyssey and exploration with the history and culture of the language going back a thousand or more years which an artificial language just ca n't do . 
  it does so by dumbing things down and eliminating the hundreds of years of culture behind real languages . 
  esperanto is superplusgood . 
  that certainly narrows it down . 
  why do n't they like each other ? 
  i think `` habits '' might be a better word than `` gestures . '', 
  i 'm not sure what 's considered normal etiquette in some countries . 
  i hear in germany , j walking is taboo . 
  something like that . 
  fair enough but i really do n't pay as close attention to politics as i probably should . 
  i have too much going on in my life to care . 
  i really do n't think i even care if he gets impeached or not . 
  i do n't follow the evening news as i consider it borderline gossip . 
  but to think trump is seriously the worst american president knows nothing of history . 
  he 's a rookie , i did n't expect him to know everything to begin with . 
  i do n't think this is a good analogy since american subcultures vary widely and are n't as ethnicity based as you imply european cultures are .
