  i think europe has learned from its past . 
  or at least maybe we 're seeing a world wide return of the right now that the last of those who remember wwii are beginning to die off . 
  that 's no coincidence to me . 
  it was a ghetto ass philly school . 
  assuming they offer those classes at all . 
  my high school did n't offer calculus , most kids did n't even qualify for pre-calculus which was the advanced class for 12th grade . 
  i really want 28 months later to come out already . 
  yes , however i misunderstood what i thought was your lack of misunderstanding so i erased my mistake . 
  wars , in general , are blunders and represent a failure itself . 
  if we can figure out a cheap and easy way to desalinate water and procure nuclear fusion , we 'll have it made for this century . 
  some of my ancestors were polish jews but i do n't think i have any ( living ) family there now . 
  is it ? 
  spanish and french are less than 1500 years old . 
  basque might go all the way back to the stone age . 
  how close is hungarian related to estonian and finnish ? 
  it 's funny how `` the united states of america '' is really more of a description than its own name , really . 
  not sure . 
  some thing american schools do . 
  i think it 's actually ap and not ab . 
  effortless perfect score . 
  you 're on a message board . 
  why would anything said here have a huge impact on you . 
  loosen up man . 
  i 'm answering because i 'm talking directly to op . 
  dude , do n't act like you need to prove anything to anyone . 
  i also think you 're being way too general and stereotypical . 
  that 's frowned upon here . 
  this sub is making me realize how nationalist the us is . 
  we were forced to stand up and recite the pledge of allegiance every morning . 
  i personally do n't give a crap about my ancestry . 
  i care who my grandparents ' grandchildren are . 
  never understood the appeal . 
  human history happened to all of as as we 're all one people . 
  no need to put the history of your ethnic group before any other . 
  first historical scottish people that occur to me are william wallace , robert bruce , james watt and adam smith . 
  but i 'm an aspiring history buff . 
  well i mean , someone could say `` so and so in my country wear their facial hair like this ... but others think that ... and back in the day ... '' and so forth . 
  many european cities are over 1000 years old and people want to preserve that . 
  many american cities are only or less than 200 years old so there 's no cultural heritage at risk when skyscrapers are built or old buildings are torn down . 
  for the most part , anyway . 
  some parts of philly near me are from the colonial days and they remain untouched . 
  there was an unwritten agreement not to build anything taller than city hall until the late 80s when one and two liberty place were built . 
  i agree . 
  the only thing i can think of is that it may take a while for a judge to reopen the case which could clog the system but it seems worth it to me . 
  also , the acquitted defendant may skip town after being cleared and could be hard to find . 
  well that 's what i said , which is why it can be a hard issue . 
  the framers here in the us did n't foresee forensics that could put someone away after a trial . 
  but what do you think of it in light of my two arguments ? 
  i lean right as a centralist . 
  i just do n't like that much power in one entity 's hands . 
  it might work in a smaller nation with less people but the us is very large physically with highly diverse demographics with varying and complex potential possibilities for different medical conditions . 
  some parts of the country are wealthy and others are poorer . 
  it would be pretty inefficient for one centralized heath plan distributor to cover all this . 
  the costs would be hard to imagine . 
  state run institutions in the us tend to be crappy . 
  many vets have killed themselves under obama 's va. 
  a cat i 've had since boyhood died yesterday . 
  i was reminded of the ministry of love when i saw the shard . 
  not bad . 
  i agree more than not . 
  are there racist cops in america ? 
  sure and that sucks . 
  but much of the problems the black community faces is from within . 
  i was a white minority in west philadelphia growing up so i have first hand experience and i can tell you that many of them do n't discipline their children or really teach them anything and most of them do n't have a father figure which , in my opinion , is pivotal in a boy 's life . 
  when i was in elementary ( primary ) school , all we learned about was the slave trade ( despite the fact that five percent of african slaves ended up in the american coast ) and the civil rights movement in the 60s . 
  it did n't help them at all . 
  many of them got into gangs and started using drugs . 
  people join gangs because they want to belong and that means there 's a domestic failure that the child feels more at home in the streets than with their parents . 
  as for blm , i have a place of sympathy in my heart but the message of their forefathers who faced the barking dogs and powerful hoses is lost on them . 
  they 're angry and pissed off which is understandable but rioting , blocking traffic and just running around and acting stupid gets nothing done . 
  i mean , what do they want ? 
  they never really say do they ? 
  they just say `` black lives matter . '', 
  of course they do . 
  now what ? 
  i think blm 's biggest problem is that it has no charismatic leader to guide them . 
  they 're disorganized and disruptive ; aimless . 
  which is why i can not agree with them . 
  racism in america is 95 % myth . 
  i 've lived there all my life and with extremely rare exceptions , only stupid teenagers have ever been bigoted . 
  almost all americans i meet of any background are very nice and kind people . 
  stop parroting what you hear on the ultra pc media . 
  what are irish travelers ? 
  nice . 
  i used the one for the flags of europe but i 'm not quite at the whole world yet . 
  i think of the `` ah '' sound in slovakia as a sound that opens the mouth wide and that makes me think of the larger shield on the slovakian flag in contrast to slovenia . 
  sometimes i have trouble with serbia 's flag though . 
  croatia is easier . 
  i can visually picture imperial units and metric units in my head and i can convert between in in my head easily so i do n't see much of a difference . 
  i would love to learn other measurement systems too . 
  close mindedness goes both ways . 
  i want to know them all . 
  how is nyorsk vs bokmal like ? 
  do you think existentialism is a big part of being western ? 
  if i ever have a daughter , i will definitely name her murica . 
  that 's amazing . 
  i 'm a part time cashier who makes less than about 14 000 ( euro ) a year . 
  an area store manager ( not even corporate ) can make over 6 figures . 
  you sound all over the place . 
  where is here ?
