  i was worried for a second you may go around and kill kitties :p, 
  in short hair . 
  a women 's hair is very long and can sling around body parts of short animals . 
  thats why i have to look about my guinea pig all the time , because of my mothers long hair . 
  ask a vet if you want . 
  i love how worried you are for her and how much give , to make her life more satisfied . 
  thank you for being such a good person , 
  german here . 
  thats the european garden spider . 
  in german she is called kreuzspinne , translated cross-spider . 
  i think that seems more fitting because of the big beautiful cross on her backside . 
  when i was young i was teached , that she 's very very venomous , but her claws are n't big enough to get through the human skin . 
  scarification : http://andiamnotlyingforreal.blogspot.de/2006/09/scar-tattooing-whole-new-kind-of-nasty.html, 
  cats who does n't live with humans and were strays live in packs . 
  you 're right . 
  my cats hunt mices , kill them and lie them in front of our door , for getting some extra goodies and showing their love . 
  i think it 's a very cute thing of your cat , too . 
  `` look , i hunted for hours . 
  it was really exhausting , but i offer it to you , because i love you so much . '', 
  `` oh my god !, 
  she does n't save the dog the right way !, 
  would have been better , to let him die instead of carrying him in this little cage !! '', 
  fucking stupid people, 
  they always left the gallbladder ... 
  my cousin owns three of them . 
  they were really chilled and slow all the time . 
  but when they get pissed , they went crazy and were fucking fast :d, 
  my guess : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rhacodactylus_chahoua, 
  he falls asleep like this ... , 
  read the description  his furr looks like a skeleton, 
  just mentioned ... am i now all the stupid people in the world , too ? 
  i was worried all the time before , that if we get reincarnated everytime ... what happens , when the earth go down by ... implosion of our sun or anything like this ? 
  how should i be reborn if there is n't any human being anymore ? 
  does n't that mean anywhere must be non-human life in universe ? 
  but this text is grandios . 
  we were reborn through time  i 'm so happy right now . 
  call me naive , but i 'm always in a big fear thinking about  the nothing < and about how fast a life could be ended through a meaningless accident ... 
  i bet understanding sarcasm is n't your biggest strength ... , 
  you 're gorgeous . 
  you look gorgeous . 
  your smile is this kind and fullhearted ... all you have managed to do ... you look so pretty and then you are one of those womens , who were beautiful from the inside also . 
  you have my respect and my best wishes , 
  i have asked some doctors about it , and everyone of them said : a cruel , slowly disease is the worst think they could imagine . 
  and everyone said the same disease : ebola . 
  yeah  and this man won a gold medal at the paralympics a week ago ... 
  the part with the baby was clear to me , but what is n't right with her arms ? 
  they look a little ... curved ? 
  if you take the pill without a break ( there are varieties with whom you have only three times a year to take a break ) your period is regulated . 
  ask your gynecologist about it . 
  when i met my girlfriend she tooks the pill normally . 
  she have had terrible periods , too . 
  once she felled down the stairs of the second floor , breaking her arm , because she gets unconscious from the pain . 
  getting often unconscious nearly everytime of the hard pain . 
  puking everytime . 
  she had to throw away lots of underwear because of the incredible amount of blood , leaving traces after a time . 
  she was crying a lot , had three days sick days per month and made her boss angry and so on . 
  but when she started to take the pill without the breaks after three weeks , the problems were gone . 
  okay , she has periods three times a year , but it is much better than every four weeks ... and the pain and the amount of blood becomes much lesser than usual . 
  there are many different pills . 
  my girlfriend takes `` maxim '' . 
  thats because i think you should ask your doctor about pills , that could be taken without that many breaks . 
   and the three times she has her period in a year , it is very normal period , not this big amount of blood like before and the best part is , the pain is nearly gone . 
  indeed . 
  i was wondering , how some very feministic women manage to go out topless , without being stared or getting puniched of the law . 
  the solution : draw a moustache , buy some men-clothes , get a strawhat and feel free ...  ( okay minimize staring would be the plan for the next time , i guess ), 
  german here . 
  i also had a mutated wisdom tooth . 
  my father is an anesthesiologist and gave me a pretty strong pain killers and sedatives . 
  then the oral surgeon gave me also a sedative and a local anesthetic . 
  while i was awake , he pulled me within seven minutes my extremely strong-rooted tooth . 
  my father explained to me that this is one of the best oral surgeon , he knows . 
  he pulled out four normal teeth without complications in six minutes . 
  pulled out , sorry , 
  and it was indeed like a very creepy drug trip , because i laughed very hard , while he was tearing at those damn tooth like a butcher, 
  about this man was an article in my newspaper this morning . 
  i am living in vienna . 
  i do n't know who she is , but i already knowed her as a little weirdo before : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yzc4hfk5p3g, 
  i am very sorry for this person , believing in a god , that would be that hateful . 
  maybe he 's imagined , this were the true words , but everything he 's doing is colouring a religion in hate , that was originally not made for hate . 
  okay , done . 
  now it 's your turn . 
  try this . 
  they 're not ? 
  the part of chin and nose looks for me exactly the same . 
  if it 's not , i am very sorry , 
  woah , i am sorry for you : / when a doctor noticed , i could do this with my thumb , he means it must be operated in the next ten years , because this leads to problems with gripping things . 
  the tendon does not work like the one of normal people , so i was actually assuming that there is a very low chance of someone other than me can do this here  it 's actually a kind of disease . 
  easy , 
  nope . 
  it 's yellow colour , because i have a student job in an ink refill shop , 
  okay , 
  why are these ants so tiny ? 
  :( i have ants in my kitchen , my floor , my living room , everywhere and this are huge bastards ... 
  huh ? 
  in which context should i be a racist ? 
  whatever it is , do n't cut it by yourself . 
  i had a little something under my tongue and tried to cut it off ... yeah , i was nearly bleeding to death and the docotrs were really angry on me , doing something like this . 
  the little something is still there , nothing to worry about , they said . 
  when i went diving for the first time , my instructor said that everyone must be careful with these fishes , because they are extremely territorial and bite holes in the fins . 
  op : and you got a little one , they can bite off fingers and toes easily .
