  an insult is the argument of those , who are not right . 
  you are a fucking moron, 
  well then , show up with facts , because you had n't a single one since you started talking . 
  like i answered in another posting before cats were not domesitcated to purr and live in the house . 
  they were domesticated to hunt rodents . 
  and they do that since almost 10.000 years . 
  cats do not hunt for sport !, 
  where does this thought come from ? 
  it would mean cats are killers because it 's fun to them . 
  they are not human . 
  cats hunt for learning their skills . 
  my cats eat what they hunt . 
  and they are intented to hunt , because we need them to keep rodents away . 
  please read more about the domestication of cats , before answering . 
  wow . 
  you said i am stupid , because there are no wild cats anymore . 
  i show you where i live are wild cats and that you are a moron to think everyone lives where you live . 
  and that 's your response ? 
  not : sorry , i was n't right , there are wild cats and maybe you do know more about this than i do ? 
  nope ? 
  you know what ? 
  have a nice day . 
  i am done with this argument . 
  and after you had n't even one proof for your insults , i think this discussion is already over . 
  thanks . 
  my vet comes to my farm all six months and is very happy with my cats . 
  thanks for your concern . 
  cats are a part of wild life . 
  i do n't know why you people do n't understand this , after i said again they were domesticated for hunting rodents and nature accepts this since about 10.000 years . 
  modern human always thinks he is safing the nature . 
  nature knows best itself and my cats are and will be hunters . 
  no , it 's barely an argument because you have not one proof of what you are talking about . 
  i saw wild cats wth my own eyes and how they hunt and how thats not different from my farm cats , and still after you lied and were exposed you are not able to say sorry . 
  instead you say my english ability is the reason . 
  okay . 
  how about you learn my language then ? 
  because you could n't give an argument with childrens words into this discussion . 
  the only one you gave was wrong . 
  yea , i argue with emotion . 
  you know why ? 
  after insulting someone you do n't know based on nothing , you insulted me trying to be a smartass . 
  and now you are trying to sound intelligent by mocking my mother tongue is not yours even after my words are very clear even if they 're not fit for university ? 
  you are a joke and that 's it . 
  you are linking a comedian . 
  okay . 
  i think here is a misunderstanding . 
  i know cats kill birds and mice . 
  i said so before . 
  what do you want to proof with that ? 
  that it is an animal ? 
  that it is a predator ? 
  i watched my cats kill . 
  i put away in the morning what they do n't eat like the gile of the mices . 
  what is the problem with that ? 
  cats are domesticated to hunt rodents . 
  do you want them to become vegan ? 
  i really do n't understand your point here . 
  the link someone else posted . 
  also okay . 
  then i am giving you some more arguments . 
  i am living in europe , where the most of the chemical poisons used to disinfect harvests in the us are forbidden . 
  i am living on the land . 
  here are not a lot of cars and my cats never cross the street , because they have enough space to run into the woods or wherever they want to be . 
  a wild cat has also the risk of getting infections . 
  the most infections cat get are transmitted by humans , fyi . 
  and again . 
  there are two types of domesticated cats . 
  there are house cats like persians or siam cat ... and there are domesticated farm cats . 
  you would n't be able to hold them inside , because they would hate it . 
  they would destroy your furniture , scratch at the wood from the windows , they will piss at walls and on the ground . 
  they want to got outside . 
  it would be animal cruelty to keep them inside . 
  cats that are used to live outside , because no part in their family tree was ever kept inside , have to be outside . 
  and at least : a farm cat is a farm cat . 
  it is supposed to hunt outside to keep the food of the animals safe . 
  i do n't know how often i already said that , but you keep not answering or giving arguments . 
  i am tired of talking to you . 
  never argue with people on the internet , they troll where ever they can . 
  almost forgot about that . 
  have a nice day . 
  having no piety . 
  i never talk about this , but i have not much respect for the death . 
  it starts with little things like not talking `` bad '' about someone who recently died , crosses over to mean jokes about death and then gets a twist noone understands . 
  i do not understand why it is not permitted to eat corpses , especially in areas where there is shortage of food and i do not see why eating of the own species is considered to be abnormal . 
  i do of course understand killing or hurting someone is bad , that 's not the issue , i would n't be eaten when i am alive as well . 
  but i would n't be disgusted by the thought to be eaten by someone after my dead , instead of buried in the earth where i am eaten also . 
  i also know a lot of people who are against transplanting organs of dead and so on and i just do n't get it . 
  dead is dead , is n't it ? 
  would be happy if someone might explain it to me or could change my point of view , if it is wrong . 
  as a woman to have no wish for a child at all . 
  are n't we enough people already ? 
  after being lied to multiple times by what i thought were good friends ... the person i rely most on on this earth is ridiculously honest . 
  to the extent where it is sometimes hurtful but my god do i trust this person to never lie at me . 
  it 's the best feeling in the world and i wish i was as strong to always be honest . 
  my kudos to you . 
  someone saying the harsh truth is often absoluly needed . 
  this sadly helps to spread diseases though . 
  i think it is okay to do anything that does n't affect the life of others and the decission to not wash your hands could have an huge affect on the lifes of others . 
  mrsa or ehec or hus --  source : dad is a doctor and was angry on people whilst the ehec epidemic in europe because they are spreading the disease by not washing hands . 
  i know , but since the question was what socially unacceptable things we are okay with ...
