  but there is sometimes something like `` wtf-gore '' and i think it belongs more here , than to r/gore . 
  so if it is tagged as nsfl ... why not ? 
  and if the title say : look , my balls are ripped off !, 
  do n't click it . 
  it 's very simple , 
  those are also those , i do n't want to see here , i agree !, 
  but i think thats the case of the bunch at pictures or articles , that were n't wtf at all . 
  the same way you would feel , if you were nearly going to die and someone saves you . 
  why are you saying so stupid things ? 
  do n't you think it 's good , if anytime some accident happens to you , others will help you too ? 
  you believing in anything some stupid idiots tell you , no ? 
  how about using your brain by your own ? 
   you work hard ? 
  do you think you are the only one ? 
  what 's about someone working seven days a week , 10 hours a day and then have some stupid accident because someone was n't able to drive right . 
  and this person has to decide , wheater put his whole family in debt or letting cut off his leg ? 
  is this funny to you ? 
  whats not right with your brain ? 
  thank you . 
  that was great , 
  my god , she looks really good with her hairs and smile this way , 
  i am never a racist . 
  i want to know why you are calling me one . 
  please look after the definition of racism , before you insult people . 
  just because she looks asian to me at this pic ( who is she and where does she come from , if she is n't asian ? ), 
  and this was maybe guessed wrong of me , it does n't mean i think she is uglier or stupider than other people . 
  i love every human being , wheather it is an asian , european , african or american being . 
  we are all the same . 
  edit : she is asian . 
  and she is beautiful . 
  go insult someone else . 
  yeah , the only subject to do n't make jokes on ... grats !, 
  gtfo , 
  that 's just sad , but no wtf ... 
  the ass of the last one is damn hot, 
  yours was atcually cute , 
  did you know sugar , milk of cows , coffee and chocolate are poison to dogs ? 
  people are so retarted , do n't knowing that actually puppies have a sucking reflex still for a while , because they have to drink there mothers milk ... 
  puppies still can for a while , because they had this skill for drinking from their mothers teat . 
  things you should know :, 
  * if dogs are still puppies there is a time lapse in which they still have the sucking reflex after going away of their mother, 
  * there may be rests at a straw ( oh my god , difficult ), 
  * chocolate , theobromine , sugar and milk are poisonous to dogs, 
  you are n't . 
  you 're a very good pet owner , looking for the living things you are responsible for  thank you very much, 
  i do n't understand people , who are saying : oh come on , it 's just an animal ... yeah , first it 's not a `` just '' , it 's a living being , feeling pain and fear , second we are responsible for their health and wealth , from the moment we own them . 
   you are great , not over protective, 
  it 's overprotective , if you harm someone with your protective behaviour . 
  giving them no food , that is poisonous to them is n't at all overprotective . 
  is a dog able to use his nose ? 
  mhm ... difficult one , but yes . 
  and do you really think a dog thinks `` oh , this is clearly a nipple '' ? 
  my puppies tried to suck at my fingers , it does n't matters to them . 
  if something comes out , it works , if not ... 
  yeah , but puppies and kittens suck at everything with nearly the size or shape of a nipple . 
  source : my kittens and puppies sucked at my fingers , when i begun to give them human contact . 
  meet what joke ? 
  never heard of it ... 
  oh , i have seen it long time ago . 
  and not in english language , since my mother tongue is german ... so maybe i was n't able to match it up with this film . 
  it 's sad and stupid to look at people , who were protesting against the money , which will save their country . 
  there are no conditions for being a vassal . 
  the only condition ist to take a save up program the whole european union decided together . 
  that 's a stupid thought of you , because germany does n't have some special rights on greece in this program . 
  but that 's the minor problem of media reporting . 
  some idiots like to temper the heat and some stupid idiots believe everything said in television and newspapers . 
  i would kill her for doing this to my car . 
  is it meant as americans holocausting mexicans or as mexicans holocausting americans ? 
  i do n't know which one listens sicker than the other ... 
  every austrian hates you right know . 
  they hate to be named as part of germany , 
  at first i think it 's very easy for people to forgot some parts of a id with numbers or more . 
  there will be the ground for many guesses . 
  `` i think it was the guy with 234558 ... oh no wait , it was 2345578 ... no wait ... '', 
  and secondly if yomeone wants to ruin the reputation of an officer he just says all of his friend sto tell someone those number was an asshole . 
  it 's very difficult to find a good way for all . 
  i am so sad right now ... 
  i thought this , too . 
  why is op saying 4 died , there were only 3 deaths , because one of the workers was able to escape after get the electric input two times !, 
  german here , we have the browns big ones , too , 
  it 's the moment selina told harley what her relationship to batman was like and harley understands , what the joker has done to her , so she went , to broke in arkham and kill the joker . 
  the second one , because it 's a outfit that was made for her originally . 
  but the most perfect would be the original in the comics , if it 's in your range . 
  i do n't like it , because it does n't show harleys character . 
  ; aybe the costume is cute , but not the expression and the way of posing and so on . 
  harley is cute , yeah , but not in this anime-way , but in the play-way . 
  even if i would see this image in the internet i would never ever think of , this could be harley :(, 
  yeah , but in the face this dog was n't cut . 
  look at the ears and at the front part of the nose ... 
  okay  yes , i do n't like it , when people shave their dogs , too . 
  the only dog , who must be shaved is a poodle , because their fur is continuing to grow . 
  live in vienna since a year ( original from germany ) and have never seen something like this :(, 
  let me make a guess . 
  obama is the evil , because he 's black . 
  the pope is the evil , because he 's a german . 
  putin is the evil , because he is a communist . 
  ahmadinedschad is the evil , because he is a terrorist . 
  oh , sweet stereotypes ...  does n't it feel very fearfull to live in fear of everything ? 
  yeah ... but i mean compared with someone like ... uhm o.o hitler or ... mhm stalin ? 
  my god ... it 's just an old man , babbling about being a bridge to god in the heaven ... let him go on , it 's funny ...
