  btw the jewish graveyards on saloniki were destroyed by greeks , also . 
  i do n't talk about nazis did n't do a lot of terrible things , but not every german is a nazi , there were a lot of little heroes , who let miracles happen , too . 
  thanks . 
  did he ask her son for permission using his milk for curing cancer ? 
  that must be the ocarina of fap time !, 
  i 'm sorry , but do you believe everything a caption says ? 
  the most people using the tombs as building material were greeks . 
  and the way the pool looks it was a while out of use . 
  how will you know whether it was a greek pool or a nazi pool ? 
  that 's all i am saying . 
  believing everything you hear and take it for absolute reality can lead to a bunch of problems . 
  do n't use now , but back then . 
  that 's nothing you 're to blame , because after the war a lot of people had nothing else to use . 
  just wanting to get facts straight . 
  edit : here you can read about using them as material e.g. 
  for an university http://www.ushmm.org/wlc/en/article.php?moduleid=10005422, 
  you are a retard . 
  okay , thanks , 
  and i never said op is n't right , but if you just show the picture around , it could be anything . 
  what i wanted to say is , everyone could make caption . 
  with this being official it 's a lot more trust worthy . 
  nope , i am not . 
  no , i do n't . 
  that 's why i read about things , before i take them as truth . 
  i am just tired about everytime such a postings comes up everyone is talking about every german person is evil . 
  and because never anyone thinks twice and takes all of those things as a truth , instead of using google . 
  thanks . 
  tried to mention this too . 
  my soul has now officially a sugar shock and resulting a really bad caries ... 
  the one at the left is like `` what is this thing in your hands , human ?! '', 
  you 're blaming me i am a nazi because i beg people to use their brains before believing everything they read ? 
  uhm , no . 
  you 're just a retard who insult someone with non-related topics . 
  but these is the internet , you 're a troll . 
  no use in discussing with such . 
  since this dog is female you should have named her barbara . 
  whenever she did n't listen to you , you just look at her really intensily and calm and say `` batgirl ... do n't overdo it . '', 
  mephistopheles for his nihilism . 
  hannibal lecter , because i loved him since i read the first book with 14 years . 
  i have to say ... the woman on the left has not as much laughing wrinkles than her sister . 
  living a life full of laughing and being happy - wheather you are ruining your body with drugs or not - is much more of a value than a long life . 
  just my opinion . 
  i hope you feel better soon . 
  if it might help : some surroundings about death are things we ca n't prevent . 
  even if you did cpr before your manager , these might been something she would n't survive either . 
  but alone you are worrying this much is a sign you have a soft heart . 
  sadly death is something our society likes to extinct from our thoughts and so the experience of seeing someone die is really hard.i really hope yyou 'll get better soon . 
  if the woman would know how much you feel bad for this ... 
  i think she would appreciate and tell you it is okay . 
  good luck !, 
  also maybe it might help you to make a first aid course , so you know you will never feel this helpless about such a situation again ? 
  i think this might help you a lot . 
  take care !, 
  oh come on , consoles are worse , but not that worse . 
  i never experienced seeing pixels while playing with the ps3 or the wii ( gamin with pc and consoles , nice to live in a commune , where everyone brought another tool ) . 
  damn !, 
  that 's a great response !, 
  pc is the masterrace . 
  and yes , console is worse , i never said otherwise . 
  but not that extreme . 
  okay, 
  i am sorry for you this happened . 
  i think even if the price was wrong to tell someone to die is just sad . 
  i know how it feels to go through some real psychic pains and no one deserves to get told this . 
  also there are youtube comments so often . 
  why ? 
  even if it is a little dumb girl that likes justin beaver ... why the fuck would anyone ever tell someone to die ? 
  i do n't understand this at all . 
  you helped them to learn their lesson for life . 
  that 's somehow education . 
  and somehow you helped them to grow up and learn some manners more than their parents did . 
  i love all of your points . 
  but jason todd did n't die . 
  he was the second robin after dick grayson changed his identy to nightwing . 
  everyone believed jason 's dead , but he was n't . 
  he then returned as red hood and one of batmans enemies . 
  but great job though . 
  love it . 
  i really really loved it . 
  maybe i 'll reward you soon , your post was just crazy like bat shit , 
  it looks like the antichrist was born in your neighborhood . 
  good luck !, 
  english is not my mother tongue , so i really did n't spot any difference . 
  i was n't able to understand the text , but the pronounciation just listened totally the same . 
  now i feel not as bad anymore , when my us friends insult how my language listens . 
  thanks for sharing this , 
  i do n't know , maybe because it 's an old , mental not longer alright lady , that is scared all the time ? 
  why should you make someone suffer , who is not stupid but old and helpless ? 
  better keep people suffering , who deserve such a treatment . 
  normally a virus tries to hide for a long term and keep his host alive . 
  so he can make sure the host gives the virus to another host and then killing the old host is not so much of a problem any longer . 
  aids is often not noticed for a longer time , but when it breaks through it starts with some really terrible issues . 
  then there are diseases that get noticed really fast . 
  those often went from one host to another very fast . 
  for example through coughing or on skin because of not washing hands . 
  also we could ask ourself : why do we work and eat , if we will die ? 
  not so easy to explain , i guess . 
  dresden was a city far away from e.g. 
  berlin . 
  also dresden was not put into the production of weapons or anything .
