  edit : commas fixed . 
  well , i am certainly , maybe , like you could think yourself , not living in an country , with , well , english mothertongue . 
  no seriously . 
  i am not . 
  we are very ass and fecal oriented . 
  the most swearwords in germany are about ass , shit , piss and so on ( i know from a russian friend , in russia they swear about eachothers mothers the most , i think every counry ha s its preferences ) . 
  how does yours look like ? 
  i got this operation also . 
  for me it felt even as if the doctor pull out my brain and all teeth . 
  to not speak of the nose hairs . 
  they attached to the dried blood and were immediately pulled out with . 
  after the removing pleasant 100 milliliters of blood ran down on my sweater and all who sat outside to get their tamponade removed also were getting chalk-white faces . 
  actually it 's about 12 centimeter long and called tamponade , its like a supersized germ-free tampon . 
  it 's not personal lol this is the internet . 
  have a nice day , mighty mod . 
  you do n't have to tell me . 
  give us a picture . 
  differences between all penises of the world . 
  that would be a funny research . 
  do n't listen to this guy . 
  germany is great . 
  we have a hillarious language : http://www.youtube.com/watch?nr=1&amp;feature=endscreen&amp;v=cjv-4ctiiv0, 
  okay ... 
  i totally get your point . 
  you 're totally right . 
  but i still prefer the ass thing ( love my mum , have no problems with homosexuals ) . 
  does anybody else think the both white light spots are looking photoshopped next to the normal light sports ? 
  but really sweet kitten . 
  really . 
  he loves you . 
  it 's simple and wonderful at once . 
  i tasted this at one of my visits on the philippines . 
  it is n't that disgusting it looks like . 
  would be interesting in elseworld . 
  but the actually best thing about batman is , he never kills and he even saves the bad ones , if he 's able to . 
  that is what makes him special . 
  this is part of the batman files . 
  awesome to read for every batman comic fan . 
  this guy is much more creepy with sound :, 
  mr. crabs go home , you 're drunk ... 
  the chick at 2:30 ... looks great ... 
  the most dangerous thing to say is , those people were dumb . 
  they were n't . 
  they were scaring intelligent men , using others not that smart people for their fucked up ideologies . 
  never , never ever underestimate the psychopaths . 
  sadly , they were smart enough to sugarcoat what they were doing . 
  yeah , the major `` world-police-style '' is given by the usa to anyother country . 
  i think he meant , that we will never let this happen again in our country . 
  that 's why we 're really careful with foreigners and prefer them in our judicative above the germans themselves . 
  also not the perfect way , but better than the other side . 
  yeah , but those does n't even get the 5 % to get in any government . 
  those are just cripple heads . 
  and now they 're working at a law to forbid the npd . 
  much much more dangerous is the amount of people in germany heading for the extremes of the left wing , who had nearly the same terror regime inside the land and killed a lot of people . 
  sad how history just reminds the right side , but not equally the left side of terror . 
  not forgetting there are living more nazis in the usa than in whole europe . 
  and whats about there was n't enough time for it ? 
  i think you forget hitler needed less than 15 years . 
  since those black black days passed 70 years . 
  i think someone should take your brain and shredder it . 
  because you deserve it . 
  i jaywalk all the times , cars or not . 
  what you said is just really really stupid . 
  i think you can say : the most germans are really into being accurate in time . 
  but thats all i think and does n't give a single proof we are cold hearted or whatever you like to implicate . 
  well , i think when you travel through italy you never see those nice little stores were they sell posters of mussolini and hitler shaking hands and flags and where the old guys all tell you they miss mussolini . 
  you would rarely meet anyone in germany , who would say anything near to this . 
  maybe you miss the part when someone told you we 're allowed to drive much much much faster than you on our streets . 
  even no limit on highways ? 
  maybe it 's a little more dangerous to cross a road then ? 
  hey , and whats about americans killing 50 million native americans ? 
  stoll going on and keeping them in reservation . 
  and if americans are n't the most sumbissives to their authoritys and feeling national pride than i do n't know what ... 
  sorry , but i really feel offended by someone who does know a fuck about our country . 
  you do n't know how much we struggle in our everyday life , to show everyone we will never let that happen again in our country . 
  the usa have nearly a bigger amount of nazis than whole europe . 
  nearly no-one knows that the russians used the kzs in east-germany after saving the prisoners for their own war prisoners and let them sleep in the same rooms and let them work on the same fields . 
  you said the answer yourself . 
  why not destroy ? 
  so no one will every forget . 
  i think its a pair of leather pants and a fitting corset . 
  or a two in one piece . 
  nah , i get your point , 
  if you commit a small crime , you will be treated much nicer when you 're a foreigner or foreign origin . 
  and thats not the perfect way of jurisprudence , too , but really better than the opposite . 
  we are very careful about how we behave . 
  maybe it was a job interview for the lady in the front ... 
  but maybe someone is able to translate . 
  batman . 
  because batman is to intelligent . 
  he even won against superman . 
  how should someone like captain america be a problem then . 
  i think hulk might get a little troublesome . 
  not to forgot hush , who already steels bruce waynes face to make him look like a villain , 
  must smell like a yummy elk soup . 
  please get your facts right . 
  on this island was a really big jewish community , the nazis killed a lot of them , thats right , but the tombstones were used everywhere - also from the greeks !, 
  - as building materials . 
  a german was it also , who savd a lot of the remaining jews . 
  look for georg eckert .
