  but what in my eyes is really sad is :, 
  even if yome countries in the world has a lot more weapons , alot more danger and so on ... the us has a huge bunch of extreme crimes . 
  has a lot more weapons per head than us . 
  but the crime rate in the us is so much higher ... something within their culture , the government , the media influences many of them to such big extremes in the whole lifestyle . 
  and with some things it 's just great . 
  they know how to enjoy life ... but in others this is dangerous and gives them a bad name in a lot of ways . 
  no insult meant , how i said , i think it 's a great country like every other country on this world , too . 
  or the depression of the cat , when the old lady dies . 
  some pets really love their owners so much , they die weeks after the loss out of lonelyness . 
  + dagon from the deep . 
  he looks a little like a fishman . 
  nirvana - nevermind, 
  metallica - the black album, 
  linkin park - meteora or hybrid theory, 
  rammstein - i guess mutter or reise , reise, 
  nightwish - once, 
  reason : i think i might got stuck in rock/metal/industrial history . 
  also those are the bands and the albums i listened the most to , so i think they have the greatest influence on my musical behaviour . 
  i really listened a lot to queen , michael jackson , pink floyd , thin lizzy and zz top , too . 
  but i just call that the momma/daddy influence for now . 
  i saw an interview with the actor of joffrey . 
  the guy is really nice , but also he is a genius in acting . 
  i think brienne is a tough integer woman in real life also , but she has a little weird humour , while in the series i did ` nt see her laugh that much :p, 
  i am german and the german song was so lame , i am surprised it got 1 vote . 
  `` mostly it 's just skin being pulled off fingers '' made me lol . 
  what we germans do for our beer is hilarious . 
  it is indeed !, 
  i would n't go this far , nope . 
  with all my respect sir , but losing one good player does n't equal 7 goals , 5 of them in the first half at all . 
  you 're a fan of brasil , you 're possibly from brasil , but please do n't be a stiff loser . 
  everyone would admit if a team plays good soccer and you not being able to does n't speak for you . 
  i would n't say the same thing . 
  i could n't think of one player that , would he miss , destroy the german team to a 7-1 lose . 
  maybe they would not play as good , propably loose , yes . 
  but not with that high points . 
  you 're insulted by the loose and therefor you must insult a high class team that every commentator of every nation praise with respect . 
  also a lot of brasilian fans in the arena itself were applauding in the second half for the german team becuase they 're able to respect the good football with the really good technique . 
  envy is not the best mentor , good sir . 
   but playing a crippled brasil team is what the germans have dreamed about, 
  this sounds pretty much like an insult to me . 
  first , i did n't say it would have been the same result with them as without . 
  i said it is not possible two good players make an qual of 6 goals difference in a world class match . 
  this would just be a proof how less prepared the team of brasil was . 
  also again , a team is not just made out of two men . 
  a lot of teams play still fucking good football without one or two of their superstars . 
  you saying these both made this huge difference is in my eyes the evidence they were n't ready to win the worldcup this year . 
  so they will do , what every really good team ( what they are , no one said otherwise ) does . 
  learning from mistakes , train like hell and win this thing next time again . 
  nothing wrong with this and still no reason to say germany won against a crippled team and would never have won the other way . 
  that 's just unrelated and the proof for not being able to handle a lose with dignity . 
  when i was 17 i wished nothing more than to leave home . 
  i was picking fights with my father all the time , felt insecure , lost and wished they would give me some space . 
  the sister of my father and the sister of my mother were always nagging , my grandmother is literally a bitch ( i 'm sorry ) and i hated being part of a family . 
  i always thought : family you have , friends you can choose . 
  i thought a family is something that is forced on you and you are n't allowed to choose . 
  so i left home , started studying and was for some years really happy . 
  i did n't cut the contact but they did n't see me very often at home , even if they helped me out with money all the time ( with complaining about it , but which parents do n't ? ) . 
  i found really good friends , fucked a little up and moved even farer away than before ( currently living in another country , same language though ) . 
  the friends i had looked for me , helped me in the foreign country , job , university , appartment and so on . 
  but then happend , what opened my eyes about family . 
  sometimes friends just see you as long as a friend as you are a benefit to them . 
  i had a weak time in life and they did what some people will do in your life even if you would try everything to make them stop it . 
  leave . 
  and who was there for me ? 
  my family . 
  visiting me , helping me to find back in , supported me , gived me strength . 
  new job , new life , new chance . 
  my mother pulled me in her arms and cried , when she saw my pain . 
  it might listen like a bad movie though . 
  but : even if they were harsh and strict ( very catholic family ) , in the end when it mattered they were there . 
  i 'm still living in another country , but i am more greatful now and ignore my father picking fights . 
  that 's just how he is . 
  but he loves me . 
  and i love them for being family . 
  sure , not everyone is this lucky . 
  but when you 're young they often will look like they want to destroy your freedom . 
  but in the end in the most cases they will love and support you in every way . 
  also this just appeals for the nearest family . 
  still hate everyone but mom , dad and bro . 
  ( sorry for the bad english ), 
  i woked up one day , when visiting my parents and had a dream about my mother slipping , falling down the stairs and breaking her neck . 
  i was never in my life that afraid . 
  people do n't come near my heart easily anymore , but her or my father being hurt freaks me out . 
  i was carrying her on my hands the whole day ( do n't know if thats a quote in english , i just tried to took all her housework on the weekend , bad enough she would have to go to work without me ) till she got really angry on me . 
  we talked about her or my fathers death , but it does n't feel any better . 
  life has to end with death . 
  thats frightening . 
  i 'll just quote nietzsche : free is the one , who is able to dance in chains . 
  i have a lot to do , a lot of responsibilities , but right now i feel free and happy . 
  it 's just about how you deal with it and how you make yourself feel about it . 
  they look like european rasp berries . 
  in germany they are named himbeeren and i think they are the most popular after strawberries and blue berries . 
  i am not as good with plants as some others here , but i try those i think i identified :, 
  # 1 reminds me of this one ( those in our garden had those little brown black pumps too , delicious marmelades ) http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gooseberry, 
  # 2 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/papaver_rhoeas, 
  # 3 looks like the rubus family , at least the berry http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rubus, 
  # 5 i just found it in german `` stiefm\u00fctterchen '' http://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/stiefm\u00fctterchen means the mother of the person you marry , normally a negative thing is it here mixed with the ending `` chen '' which means something adorable in german, 
  this is just a normal wasp ( atleast in middle europe ) . 
  rub some raw onion on it and it will stop hurting a lot faster . 
  the key for my bike lock looks like this .
