i love you so much for saving his life ... 
  what a cute little boy !, 
  i hope he/she is just stupid . 
  happens sometimes . 
  it is n't only the fact a woman could use some date-rape drugs against the will of a man . 
  what about women anal raping men with items ? 
  yes , women can rape men . 
  what if your are simply attracted to children ? 
  you hate yourself , you do n't want it , but it 's there . 
  so you see this ad and think : oh my god , they can help me !, 
  i think this is a good thing , to help people , who do n't want to be attracted to children , who just want to be normal . 
  here in austria we have this kind of ads too and there are cases where men have been castrated of free will , because they want never ever do something terrible to a child . 
  i have nothing but respect for this brave men . 
  no , sorry , that 's not the meaning of sodomy ( maybe the meaning is fucking with animals ? ) . 
  and the question was not whether you would defend yourself or not . 
  the question was , whether a woman can rape a man or net . 
  and yes , a woman could . 
  and it should be written in a dictionary like this . 
  man , i hate overreacting feminism like this ^ ^ but i think a man should also have the right to assert himself against the law if he is raped , that was my intention . 
  i 'm sorry for every man , who has to hide his pain , because nobody will count it as rape . 
  yeah , me too . 
  i love insects , 
  i do n't want to be cruel ... but can we have a picture of the bite ? 
  the dark knight rises . 
  at one point in the film is told that alone the detonation consists 6 miles . 
  but all stand there and look at how batman explodes on the horizon . 
  what was with the radius ? 
  how big should the atomic contamination have been ? 
  not have at least eliminated gotham ? 
  also i think its very annoying , if there is always a nuclear explosion as the culmination of the most trilogies at modern times . 
  here as comparison the russian tsar-bomba and its fictional effect on paris . 
  it says the detonation would be about 3,5 kilometers , the effects like shockwave and contamination would be 35 kilometers . 
  this value transferred on the bomb of batman , there would be a total destroying zone of 60 miles ( maybe a little less or more , i do n't know how it depends on the ingredients ) . 
  gotham would be fucked up . 
  there is told that alone the detonation consists 6 miles . 
  but all stand there and look at how batman explodes on the horizon . 
  what was with the radius ? 
  how big should the atomic contamination have been ? 
  not have at least eliminated gotham ? 
  update :, 
  here as comparison the russian tsar-bomba and its fictional effect on paris . 
  it says the detonation would be about 3,5 kilometers , the effects like shockwave and contamination would be 35 kilometers . 
  this value transferred on the bomb of batman , there would be a total destroying zone of 60 miles ( maybe a little less or more , i do n't know how it depends on the ingredients ) . 
  gotham would be fucked up . 
  it 's a cheap way to travel in southern asian countries eg the philippines , where a single ride is to expensive and the school is about 20 miles away . 
  have ever seen 7 people on a motorcycle ? 
  there you will ( http://www.dutchpickle.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/01/motorcycle-philippines-ideas-001.jpg ) . 
  also they have some special public traveling ways like the jeepney ( http://4.bp.blogspot.com/_9bvpdnza5xi/s7b3uqxiroi/aaaaaaaaao0/t3i3qhcwsug/s1600/slightly+overloaded.jpg ) and the tuktuk ( http://www.sportdiver.com/files/imagecache/enlarged_image/_images/201110/phillipines-tuk-tuk.jpg ), 
  not just trying . 
  the sad but heartwarming at the same time is , he has n't only tried , but successed at saving the girl 's life . 
  but lost his own . 
  it 's not the wisest decision , yeah . 
  but the only one they can afford , 
  the real human centipede ... uhm , somehow ... 
  german here . 
  there is no penaltie for not-voting . 
  2009 just 72,2 % vote for their government . 
  i will not go to this year 's election and hav n't voted last year . 
  no penalties . 
  btw , freedom also means to decide freely whether to vote or not to vote . 
  edit : also i am living in austria right now . 
  no problems . 
  translation : in the gdr everyone must vote . 
  and everyone who does n't want to , was picked up at the door and escorted to the election . 
  in case of refusal or not encountering could you face the consequences . 
  however , it was also no matter who you chose , the sed had 80 % minimum of votes everytime . 
  i just thought : maybe they work with a funeral company as a partner and get a lot extra bucks for this ... then i saw the shop name . 
  that 's not wtf material . 
  it 's art by the japanese hairartist nagi noda . 
  her official website : http://www.naginoda.com/top_en.html, 
  actually she is very very hot o ___ o, 
  maybe he 's the boyfriend of emo cutter girl joan ? 
  is he imitating steve kardynals i 'm sexy and i know it ? 
  you 're right sir . 
  yes , he 's a beautiful genius !, 
  i have eaten balut on the philippines . 
  \u00f6 ___ \u00f6 it 's half hatched and just the bones are shown . 
  not that massive like in the picture . 
  and it 's filled up with alcohol . 
  fucking hot !, 
  i think it hurt a lot . 
  so therefore respect , man . 
  but for the pain i would have asked for a much more artistic and beautiful motif . 
  : / i 've seen a lot better electro-cautery and scalpel scarifications ... 
  i think also , if those parents dress their children up at this rate , they should n't be surprised , if they were raped with 12 , because they look like 16 or in the worst case like over 18 with the whole bunch of make up . 
  yeah , maybe someone hates me for this comment , but why are these children styled like adults , giving pedophiles a new stage ? 
  below is a metal plate which is connected to the stick . 
  he does not sit on a seat , but is supported by a strong strap on the arm over the shoulders and hips . 
   i know one of these `` fakirs '' in vienna, 
  repost * yawn * she survived but lost her leg . 
  ** they are n't albinos . 
  ** they are leucists , a step before albinism . 
  look here : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/leucism, 
  like gene simmons ' tongue ... somehow ... no ? 
  * ^ ^ * they grow nearly everywhere here in germany , even in my garden . 
  and the tea out of them and stroking them on the hurting/rheumatic areas are a wonder medicine against rhemathism . 
  a friend of mine do a lot of boxing and muay thai and if the legs or arms are swollen , she rubs over some of the leafs till the skin is almost red . 
  its medicine , really !, 
  why do you dissect a cat ? 
  actually it 's very dangerous for little animals to play with hair , because a single hair could bend around their hands or fingers and cut off the blood circulation .
