  maybe it 's a u-lock key ? 
  apparantly hamburg has more citizens ( 1,8 mio . ), 
  and a bigger area ( more than 750km2 ) , so that 's a false information ( vienna 1,7 mio and 415km2 ) . 
  but to seperate vienna from austria or even bavaria into an area without any other german speakers is a little harsh . 
  you should post this to / r/fatpeoplehate, 
  my source is wikipedia also . 
  so i think there is a patt much ? 
  since oktober 2012 there were 1.812 mio . 
  but maybe i made a wrong read , at the top it said also third biggest with citizens , but there are plenty cities bigger than vienna in area . 
  also no hate , i am living in vienna and love it . 
  the moment he opens his mouth every magic of his body is down to under zero . 
  he has a nasty accent . 
  no , it 's not an accent , it 's a way of talking in a not clean way . 
  he does n't open his teeth while talking and so every movie you watch with him in german is a pain . 
  at least for me , since i am working with german language science . 
  he listens a little like a homeless alcoholic . 
  but whilst those people often ca n't do anything about it , he has learned theatre ways of talking and still finds it funny to not do anything about his way of pronounciation . 
  first panel should be `` was willst du ? 
  and the last one `` ist doch das flaggschiff der ard . '', 
  it really hurts in the ears . 
  looks like a passiflore to me . 
  yup . 
  pretty normal one , at least in europe  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wasp, 
  a rubber plant :d, 
  they are fast growing if you give them light and water . 
  ideal plant for beginners who need to come in contact with easy to keep plants !, 
  what is her fucking problem ? 
  since i watch / r/fatpeoplehate and / r/fatlogic i lost a lot of weight . 
  because i was disgusted by myself . 
  she should take this as inspiration how she never again wants to feel . 
  holy mother of god , i hate those lazy cows . 
  would say # 2 with a change of table and dresser like lezarium said ... looks much nicer, 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/beaucarnea_recurvata  my mothers cat loved to bite the leaves off , so we had to stand it somewhere she could n't reach it . 
  / r/oddlyunsatisfying, 
  this is a group of deaf women , making an incredible show ( huge show with other handicapped persons ) and all they move to is the shaking of the ground in tact of the music . 
  incredible act . 
  whole performance of the women : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9crifbcwboq, 
  watch the other dancers , too , 
  looks like an earwig to me : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/earwig, 
  edit : spritle already said it sorry, 
  german here . 
  i find this very interesting . 
  my father works 72 hours a week , my mother 68 . 
  many people here start suffering from burn out . 
  on the other hand germany is again `` exportweltmeister '' and has in some stats a higher surplus than even china . 
  something about us guys and work is not right , i guess . 
  this is not really watching someone die . 
  he died later in hospital because of massive blood loss . 
  my parents are both doctors and have to give a lot in order to hold quality for the patients , since our healthcare system is going under . 
  young doctors do n't want to work one or two hours extra , so the older doctors have to give in a lot more time . 
  additional we are living in east germany and because of the huge gap in payment ( eg my father would get +30 % payment for what he is doing now in the west ) a lot young people are moving to west germany . 
  my father is for example working on sundays extra in helicopter emergency service and has a lot of night shift , day shift , night shift transition . 
  often he has shifts where he works 36 hours constantly , because if he did n't there would not be the possibility to ensure the supply for the patients . 
  my mother has nearly the same reasons , but she has the bonus she can do a lot of laboratory work from the pc at home . 
  edit : no additional overtime payment , hospital and doctors have to hide the fact of those hours . 
  medical healthcare is a huge thing in germany and it 's very vulnerable at the moment . 
  the people do n't like to hear that . 
  `` doctors are paid too much . '', 
  is my most hated sentence , since my dad is 50 and looks like 70 . 
  i do n't really know the differences between the specialists in different countries and i even do n't know what other doctors than my parents get paid . 
  but i think every person who has a huge responsibility over other people lifes and has huge amount of hours of concentration , should get paid for that . 
  some points i know about the jobs my parents do and the laws and problems coming with that . 
  1 ) a doctor starts later with work than a normal worker , and especially the specialists have to stop sooner also . 
  i do n't believe anyone would trust a 68 year old surgeon that he is not shaking a little . 
  2 ) in east germany and i think this is a case for the rest of germany too , studying is not free and even in the actual training in a hospital before graduating they do earn nothing . 
  3 ) if a doctor here makes a huge mistake within work , he is liable by his own . 
  in case of legal proceedings the hospital or the state will do shit about this . 
  he is liable with his own possessions . 
  this is why my parents are constantly disbursing a lot of their money in the loans they made , to finally in some years pass on their self build house , their cars and so on on me and my brother , so in case they will make mistakes in old age they could not take this away from them . 
  4 ) stress level . 
  like i said , working with high concentration for a long time , not resting well , being called in the middle of the night at home if there is an emergency , even not calming down while making holiday because of a possible great emergency ( accidents of colleagues with death scenario in the worst case ) and so on, 
  5 ) not seeing your children grow up , because your working your ass off , also not have friends besides other doctors at work , whom you ca n't meet in private because either you or them are working . 
  6 ) psychological pressure of fighting about humans lifes , about peoples well being , the pain of loosing someone or the pain of seeing babies and young people or even relatives die painfully ... 
  7 ) when my mother got pregnant she had to continue working until the 8th month and then start working as soon as possible after giving birth again , because in germany you have to earn so called further education points by visiting health care news lectures somewhere at the other end of the country . 
  if you have not enough of those points they will cancel your medical approval ( approbation ) you earn when you completed your study . 
  i know , this just counts for doctors who care about their job , for people who dedicate their life to other lifes . 
  i think being a doctor is a fucked up job and everyone should get paid for this likewise . 
  to say `` make more than they deserve '' is really harsh and not true . 
  before i worked in retail i never know how hard this job is also . 
  i would never ever judge a persons job , if i had n't done myself before . 
  edit : sorry , not my mothertongue . 
  imo they should n't be allowed to work so much , too . 
  but here the problem is my parents did swore to do everything to safe lifes and those two love their job and put every effort in they can . 
  it may sound a little to romantic . 
  it is n't . 
  but does n't this count for every specialist ? 
  the more a specialist is needed , the higher his worth is and the higher his payment ? 
  yeah , might be . 
  but i think a lot people are expecting to see people actually die . 
  looking for horrible accidents with death at the very end ... 
  i could just scroll through / r/gore . 
  but well , if those are the rules i am not complaining anymore . 
  here as an example the deadly crah of ulrike meier with instead dead . 
  yeah , even her hair has a green touch from the filter . 
  where is bavaria ? 
  to me this looks like the minimalistic effects of a surgery where they did n't want you to carry huge scars . 
  knee surgery ? 
  ancle ? 
  broken leg correction ? 
  btw rules of watchpeopledie : `` there must be a person - not an animal - actually * dying * in the link .
