  she 's talented , i think ... 
  i 'm very glad you can use your eye again . 
  one second i thought : shit , this eye would n't do anything again ... 
  i looked on those huge breasts at first . 
  the second look was on his face and right back to her breasts . 
  yeah , sure , like kindergarden and rucksack, 
  did you know every second english word has a latin origin ? 
  i learned in the languages-science ( my subject at university ) , that every second is from latin origin , but there were some words , too , that were n't in use at this time , even if they were standing in actual dictionaries . 
  it could be possible , some of the words that does n't seem to be there in english also , were words , that were n't spoken since one or two hundred years , but they 're existing . 
  as an example : the origin of `` to insult somebody '' is latin `` insultare '' , `` to offend somebody '' is `` offendere '' and `` to violate somebody '' is `` violare '', 
  how are people able to care that less about there body hygiene ? 
  do you already have an evaluation ? 
  the result would be very interesting . 
  i did this once too . 
  i was in class and felt terribly sick . 
  when i had to puke i realised there was sitting a friend in front , to the left , to the right and to the back of me , me sitting long away from a free space . 
  so i puke and gulp it again . 
  all for not puking on my friends . 
  sad story . 
  just use the back door . 
  i love bayonetta . 
  origami level : asian, 
  i miss my buddy so much . 
  it 's just a shark . 
  sharks are great animals . 
  if they grow a little big , it 's not shocking at all . 
  the look very smart ... and so aryan !, 
  i had a great swiss mountain dog . 
  those dogs are great friends , loving family members and very faithful ... 
  i miss my little brother so much . 
  yeah ... btw he was born this way . 
  his nickname is hellboy and he 's from germany . 
  alucard , you should n't just turn from dogs to kitties !, 
  no wtf . 
  this kid needed to learn to be grateful . 
  this is great parentin and worth my full respect . 
  thats emo cutter girl joan . 
  no fake . 
  i think she 's living in germany . 
  but it 's long ago i first saw her pictures , so i am not to sure about it . 
  he looks at his dad like : why is * he * crying ?? 
  that 's my part !, 
  you have some big fans in austria . 
  did n't you want to come here and take a close look at the great city of vienna ? 
  please ? 
  thats really sad ... come on . 
  one of those is fake . 
  if he is black , he was n't the cool stagediver . 
  if he 's white he did a great dive , but lied a bunch of people at being black . 
  sometimes some of my taste buds are swollen up . 
  then i took a scissor and cut them down . 
  is bleeding like hell , but they come back and everything is fine again . 
  weird . 
  but he says , he is black ... and white on the `` insiiiide '' !, 
  i bet it is n't the weirdest thing you ever read . 
  i think it 's okay , then . 
  it 's the rule of this channel . 
  because it 's somehow begging for karma . 
  `` if you dont upvote , you do n't love your pet , if you are n't sad now , you have no heart '' . 
  and this subreddit is for making the following sound : awwwww !, 
  not for this : oh no !, 
  i am so sorry , that 's so sad . 
  ouhhh , poor guy . 
  also it is mean , because this subreddit should give someone a good feeling and this picture with the title makes many people very sad . 
  no one said , its good his dog died . 
  but thats the wrong sub for . 
  he should post it to / r/petloss . 
  i lost my dog three years ago and it still hurts . 
  i know enough about the death of friends , family members and i accept death as a minor part of life . 
  and i was n't here to critisize op , but to explain you , why some people have reacted like they did . 
  because you were overreacting , too . 
  this subreddit is n't for dead animals . 
  there is another subreddit for sharing memories for death beloved family members . 
  nobody said , he should ` nt share his memories or his pain . 
  it is just sad to read something like this , if you just came to / r/aww to get better mood after a long day with sad things happen ( what 's the only reason i came here for ) . 
  maybe you should read again , what i posted before , before you act yourself like a rent-a-cop or advisor in duty . 
  i hav n't adressed the word purposely at you and i did n't mean to offend you with this . 
  i clearly think also , everybody have given you enough explanation and some of those words are sadly to harsh . 
  i just tried to explain angelamotorman , why some of the people were reacting like this . 
  i lost my dog three years ago and wish you , your wounds will close faster than mine . 
  though it was sad for me to read this thread inmiddle of the cuteness and has n't made the day anybetter for me . 
  that 's all . 
  you , sir , are great . 
  she is n't allergic to all of these . 
  maybe you 're just not paying attention , but the samples dropped on her skin are meant to trigger allergic reactions . 
  the normal reaction of the body you can see with the smaller points . 
  as far as i know should appear at the top pet dander , in the middle things like dust mites and below then are rye and other plants . 
  looks like gas concrete ... 
  ouh , we have those toys in germany and austria , too . 
  i bought my dad some mrsa ( anesthesiologist ) and for my mum i bought some red and whit blood cells ( transfusion medicine doctor ) . 
  and i have a little aids now . 
  what happend to his tail ... ? 
  those fucking bastards ... 
  harley quin lives in one household with poison ivy and catwoman . 
  seriously . 
  read it . 
  i have to say i really like the kyubi . 
  he is someone i really think is fascinating and i was everytime he was shown in anyway really happy and nervous at once . 
  it 's a fake name the joker uses in some movies and comics , but it is n't clearly said it 's his real one . 
  in some comics is shown that he stole this identity , too .
