  you can pretty much sum up dresden as a culture centre of the east . 
  to bomb a city full of women , children and intelligent , yet peaceful people ... somehow this does n't sound right , i think . 
  also there were n't just bad people . 
  the most good people will never be known , because they acted in silence to save lifes . 
  my mothers grandfather had a lot of land and the nazis said to him he should let work some jews and war prisoners on his fields till they die . 
  it was n't allowed to him to give them food . 
  in the nights he sneaks out and gived them bread and some meat ( was really expensive at this time ) . 
  everyone of them survived . 
  later the russians took him with them to russia , where he died in a gulag , because he `` helped '' the nazis . 
  ( he refused to make people suffer at the start and they called him jew friend and said they would kill his whole family ), 
  there were some fucked up minds , but there were a lot people with big hearts , not just the two or three in history books , 
  if you read the comments he had to deal with it 5 times before on the same trip . 
  also she just tells him she do n't like his attitue , because he told her , that 's a service dog ? 
  and then following him and claiming she has two legs ? 
  it 's not okay to tell someone to die , but this woman is just a plain , dumb bitch . 
  is it normal for us judges to just think of the penalty themselves ? 
  if he do n't liek someones face he can just say : 600 days because i ca n't stand your face ? 
  that 's sad and somehow disturbing . 
  i know it 's her own fault and being so harsh to a judge , who is the representive of the state must be punished . 
  but is it okay to just give her any possible penalty he wants ? 
  this is just a question , so maybe someone would explain this to my , no offending meant . 
  ah okay  thanks !, 
  i knowed those floating lanterns exist , but i always thought that 's so beautiful , it looks just in disney movies so beautiful . 
  but right now i am teached , that disneys job was n't half as good as this reality . 
  thanks !, 
  my fathers family is one of the oldest familys of lauscha named greiner-adam . 
  my grandgrandfather made this piece :, 
  it is made out of thousands of little glass pearls as big as little sized ants . 
  it 's a piece of the glas museum there . 
  also my family has a lot of glass art pieces . 
  if someone likes to , i can go for some photographies ? 
  and that 's a typically ready glass eye from where i am from :, 
  also the people from lauscha claim they invented the classical christmas tree decorations :, 
  also sorry for the lot of links and the bad quality , those were the firsts i was able to find . 
  these region is filled with elder people only , because noone knows how much culture and tradition waits there . 
  there is nearlyno tourism , because people nowadays like plastic adventure more than ... yeah , human culture . 
   thanks for the listening . 
  it 's not very near to the congress centre , but it 's worth every cent you 'll spend :, 
  this hotel is relatively new built , so it 's still very cheap in standard of the room quality . 
  it 's near to the schloss sch\u00f6nbrunn , the big palace of the austrian kings . 
  you have fast ways into the inner city without paying to much and there are a lot of cool places to visit also . 
  maybe it 's something for you . 
  i 'll make some , when i am back at my parents  thank you very much !, 
  ah , okay , now i get it . 
  he has a maximum penalty and just ordered her to prison for so long , because she is an impatient lady without some respect or manners . 
  thank you a lot , now it 's clear to me , also . 
  i think it 's a good thing he can teach her manners like this . 
  the interesting part is , even if you ignore them , your eyes `` scanned '' over the content and if you see a chocolate ad , you maybe get some hunger for chocolate . 
  sure , it 's a very little little chance , but e.g. 
  facebook is used by so much millions of people a day , just 5 % of them getting hunger for chocolat can still be hundert thousands of people , buying your chocolate . 
  that 's just the littlest piece of the whole thing . 
  it 's more of the reaction of the surroundings , than the reason . 
  in our society goods are remarked out of a cyclus . 
  the more there is of goods , the less they cost . 
  if something is unique , it is really expensive and so on . 
  with e.g. 
  food it can get to an horrendous circle . 
  if a good is really cheap , but somehow a lot of people speedly need more of it , the good is not available that easy anymore . 
  it gets more expensive . 
  this can also happen , if the production and making of a product is getting more expensive and it has to be sold with a higher price . 
  it happens automatically because of something called demand . 
  things like food are needed by everyone , so a lot of people want it and it gets more expensive automatically . 
  this leads to the problem : you earn money with your work . 
  but because food and others goods come more expensive , your earned money is n't any longer worht that much . 
  so your boss has to pay more in a wage , that often is regulated by the state . 
  and this is a circle . 
  goods come more expensive , you earn more . 
  this leads to money coming less worth than before . 
  my favourite example for this is the start of the `` euro '' as money in europe . 
  i am from germany . 
  before the euro we had the german mark ( dm ) . 
  a bread roll costs about 20 pf ( cents ) . 
  the euro starts and you can change it 2 dm to 1 euro . 
  but now a bread roll costs 25 cents . 
  you got half of your money , but the items cost the same with the new money , sometimes horrendous more than before . 
  favourite example for a special reason , you can see . 
  also sorry for my bad english . 
  i think it 's really like i explain it to a five year old , because my english is worse like a five year olds  have fun . 
  the correct word is teufelshunde , not `` teufelhunden '' . 
  also this is nothing to bad in german . 
  it 's more in the direction of `` tough guys '' . 
  this is more of a neutral , i think somehow more respectful meaning . 
  edit : after looking it up , it 's completly wrong . 
  this was a german name they gived themselves ( because it means someone to respect ) , the german called them `` doughboys '' ( more in the direction of pastry dough ) . 
  no insult meant , just looking for facts . 
  that 's because she 's a golden . 
  goldens are great dogs , they are happy with making you happy and sometimes a new toy leaves them so overly happy you 'll feel this for days !, 
  i thought the same until i got to know there is a maximum of this kind of penalty . 
  i think it 's just pure horror this woman acted like this . 
  in this moment the judge is a representive of the country he is working for . 
  he is not charging her with a penalty because he did something wrong , but because she did . 
  and then reacting like this ... 
  what i think is not okay is , it does n't look like he gives her the 300 days for doing something wrong , but because of his ego . 
  his emotions come up and he somehow shouts the penalty at her . 
  he is making a big thing for his ego . 
  i think i would ordered her to go to a course for learning manners . 
  also it is n't like russia , china , france , india , pakistan and britain has n't as much bombs as the us have . 
  my kudos to you , sir , because i can see a storm of downvotes . 
  i think the usa is a great country . 
  they have influenced the most parts of the world ( do n't want to talk about the way why and how and with which things , becuase this might became negative ) .
