  pretty self explanatory . 
  moderators can and will remove posts at their own discretion if it 's apparent that no one died in your submission . '', 
  do n't wan na be picky but since you came up with cause and trigger ... 
  wow !, 
  this was really a huge thing , but the outcome of scar tissue is nice and minimalistic !, 
  surgeons these days ... excellent job !, 
  because companies get a lot of money from people eating themselves slowly to death . 
  looks good to have one person eating 14 burgers a week than have one person eating 1 salad . 
  i always disliked the mask part of the bale batman , because it gave his head this huge looking size with a partly boney structure . 
  the space from head to eyes was always the same size as the rest of the face included eyes , which gave him an alien look with quite a huge head . 
  if the batfleck will really look like this painted version i will be very happy with how his face and bone structure fits better to the mask part . 
  i think with your newest development you will lose a lot of users . 
  reddit always was the place to cherish wisdom , distractments and yes - of course - sometimes very dark humor . 
  the question is : who makes the rules ? 
  who decides whether it is humor or harassment ? 
  what about differences in opinion and humor ? 
  why are there subreddits where rape is glorified , but a subreddit motivating people with very hard examples to overcome their unhealthy life style is deleted ? 
  why can you admins not even respond properly to the concerns of the people ? 
  a black day for reddit . 
  i think that many - myself included - will not find any longer a home in your `` nation '' . 
  but again ... nothing you would ever change . 
  money destroys the character . 
  cheers . 
  i did an edit . 
  thanks a lot !, 
  i do n't know where you are driving in germany , but where i am driving i have almost 400 km without any speed limits except for tunnels . 
  where would he still find those ? 
  to me the `` d '' in dataart looks like a `` j '' . 
  i had to seek for the `` d '' . 
  it 's a pomelo . 
  it 's a pink pomelo . 
  near to a grapefruit , but is n't . 
  we eat them all the time in summer . 
  further proof : http://i14.photobucket.com/albums/a306/digitalmuse/food/peeleded_pomelo.jpg, 
  i am quoting a german comedian for you : the only social politically action in the us is locking criminals away . 
  no prevention through education or help to flee the violence circle . 
  just locking away . 
  in the us , there are per thousand citizens more people in jail than in any other country in the world - including china and north korea . 
  and while so many people are in jail , the leading cause of young americans to die is still murder . 
  every year 30,000 people are killed in the us . 
  that 's over 80 a day . 
  they would call that civil war in iraq . 
  and you sure did n't get the rest of the quote ? 
  or that the murder rate is much much less in canada , where the people have more guns per head than in the us ? 
  [ gun violence in the us ] ( http://www.humanosphere.org/wp-content/uploads/2014/03/gunviolence-620x445.png ), 
  [ map comparing whole countries gun homicide rate to cities in the us ] ( http://www.humanosphere.org/wp-content/uploads/2014/03/atlanticgunviolence.jpg ), 
  showing that in new york are more people shot per head than in whole argentina e.g. 
  [ us compared to countries which are in war like state ] ( http://www.humanosphere.org/wp-content/uploads/2014/03/gunviolence2-620x477.png ), 
  and it 's not about insulting the us . 
  i really like your country . 
  i love the people , i love most parts of your culture . 
  but i think to be proud of weapons and violence should be the last thing you should be proud of . 
  there 's nothing against changing to the better , is there ? 
  well , whatever . 
  happy independence day , usa !, 
  so if the sentence `` not all men say that '' is the only shit men say ... 
  i think that 's okay for me . 
  no further shit , just like she said . 
  could be worse , could n't it ? 
  sjw just beat herself . 
  a cat may be a pet , but it still has instincts of a wild animal . 
  it enjoys to hunt , it enjoys to feel nature . 
  where i come from wild cats/forest cats are living outside as well . 
  my family owns a huge garden and some forest behind as well as a farm area . 
  and all of our six cats are outside and they hunt mice , arvicolinae , birds , moles , rats and even pigeons . 
  they do like their mothers and their mothers did and how they learned of them . 
  i will do shit and remove my cats from nature , just to save the food chain of a natural hunter . 
  my cats are not kittys . 
  they hunt , they kill . 
  because that 's what they are . 
  animals . 
  they are vaccinated , they see the vet every six months . 
  they are healthy and happy , they purr , they enjoy to be loved and feed , they trust us and play with us , sleep next to us . 
  and they always show us what they have been hunting . 
  we are not in control over nature . 
  to believe you can change it ... sorry , but nope . 
  spoken like a allmighty human with total control over nature and environment . 
  fyi cats are natural predators since a long time . 
  learn some history about why cats were domisticated in the first place . 
  they were used as predators for mice and other rodents to keep the harvests safe . 
  i quote some wiki for you : `` since cats were venerated in ancient egypt , they were commonly believed to have been domesticated there , but there may have been instances of domestication as early as the neolithic from around 9,500 years ago ( 7,500 bc ) . '', 
  how exactly would this change the modern environment , since the environment knows cats as predators since nearly 10.000 years ? 
  especially wild cats without domestication live much longer in their habitats ? 
  did you ever see a fox hunt ? 
  did you see a cat hunt in comparison ? 
  are you in contact with wild life or have you at least watched life on a farm ? 
  i have more than just `` pet reasons '' to have cats on my yard , safing the food for my cows and sheeps . 
  but well thank you for your `` kind '' answers . 
  you know what a really great problem is ? 
  people who act like they 're just thinking about the environment and the nature and then force a predator to live as a plush kitty . 
  there are races like persian cats that always lived inside . 
  but there are house and farm cats and keeping them inside is animal cruelty . 
  but of course , you did a lot of reading before on the history of cat domestication . 
  and what the fuck are you talking about in your edit ? 
  are you fond with the concepts sterilization and castration ? 
  i am well aware of cat colonies . 
  that is , why our cats are castrated when old enough . 
  are you even aware there are people out there who know more about cats than you do with your uninformed talking ? 
  are you able to hold a discussion without insulting ? 
  of course not .
