  the centre-left party ( pd ) has the majority only in one of the two chambers , so it needs to form an alliance with another party to get enough votes to form a government . 
  now , they ca n't form an alliance with berlusconi 's coalition because the voter would revolt ( and i 'm sure you 'll understand why ) so the only party left is the beppe grillo 's one . 
  he 's a comedian and his party does n't really have an ideology nor a real program , his party was only formed as a protest against the politics in general . 
  he has a few proposals ( some impracticable ) but his intentions were n't to form or participate in a government , but to create an active opposition and discuss about the single law proposals . 
  so he declared that his party wo n't vote in favor of any government , so pd has no way to obtain the majority it needs . 
  til i have to move to austria, 
   yet , a recent article published in the italian daily newspaper la repubblica reported a growing demand among the public for original language films , citing the influence of increased online streaming , television channels with multilingual options and a greater knowledge of english among the younger generation . 
  the article mentioned is about a theater in rome which had the original version of django unchained . 
  i went there , the theater was full , me and my girlfriend bought one of the last tickets . 
  this is the example that things are changing here , younger people now know two or more languages and the english language is starting to catch on with older people too . 
  still , we are well behind the nordic countries , and it will take decades before dubbed version will disappear from theaters . 
  also , the italian dubbing industry is now only a shadow of its past . 
  the dubbing of * rocky * made stallone appear more talented that he actually is , for example . 
  now , we have nepotism and decline , and the cited movie * a king 's speech * is the example of a failed dubbing . 
  i saw the movie both in its original version and dubbed version and the difference is remarkable . 
  i know that not everyone understands english and that reading subtitles is annoying , but sometimes you miss part of the atmosphere of a film watching it dubbed . 
  * django unchained * was a clear example , with the different accents , the harsh words , the excellent acting . 
  hell , there were few lines in italian , too !, 
  careful , the carrot may contain horseradish . 
  ... but the socialists had the majority for the last 6 years , did n't they ? 
  for `` madrid '' you mean pp ? 
  do n't . 
  reason : berlusconi is still alive . 
  the italian pm does n't get elected , he is appointed by the head of state ( giorgio napolitano ) and confirmed by the parliament ( elected by the people ), 
  you forgot berlusconi, 
   some peculiar images have come to light , including two apotropaic phalluses -- probably dating from after the fire in 217 ad -- which were supposed to ward off bad luck . 
  yeah , that 's exactly the reason why i drew penises when i was a kid . 
  i do n't feel offended by the comment , but i want to rectify the opinions of the people with prejudices and stereotypes . 
  italy has many problems , some more important and some less important . 
  the key is that many italian problems are undervalued ( like the impact of the mafia and the berlusconi 's influence during the last 15 years ) , while many other problems are still overvalued just because they became stereotypes from a past era . 
   when a study does n't rhyme with reality , it 's prudent to go by what you do rather than what you say . 
  so , the study i linked in my comment does n't rhyme with reality ( the reality i live in ) , but the study you refer to does ? 
  your source is dated 15 june , but you say that :  this year , as of november , 105 women in italy have been killed by husbands or boyfriends . 
  well , you obviously have another source you are not linking . 
   domestic rape became a crime just 15 years ago . 
  you 're right , but you deliberately omit the fact that a woman could still denounce her husband as he committed an act of violence against her person . 
  it just was n't clear , and the 1996 law improved the legislation on the matter . 
  as i said in the previous comment , italy has a problem related to domestic violence , but i can assure you that this priest is not expressing a * common italian sentiment * . 
   gender stereotypes are deeply rooted - contributions by italian men to domestic chores is among the lowest in the world this is quickly changing as the new generations take over . 
  all of my friend of my same age ( 25-30 ) share the housekeeping duties with their partner . 
  my grandfather does n't even know how to cook a scrambled egg , but my father cooks for the family and cleans the house . 
   women on tv are rarely given the chance to speak . 
  in 2006 , only 2 percent of women on tv were linked to issues of social commitment and professionalism . 
  that 's just plain false . 
  only by watching the berlusconi 's channels you would see a much higher percentage , so imagine what the total percentage is . 
  the problem here is that you probably refer to an istat survey made in ** 2006 ** . 
  in the meantime , things have changed for the better . 
  the sole fact that you , here , are reading a news about a priest making those declarations is because of the outrage caused by him in italy . 
  i went to a catholic school for 15 years and i can say that the reality inside the church is much different from the outside . 
  they are stuck in the 50s , with the women ( nuns ) who are completely under the men 's ( priests ' ) power , following their commands . 
  there is the real problem , not in the whole italy . 
  wait , you are exaggerating . 
  this is absolutely not a common italian sentiment . 
  domestic violence sadly is a problem affecting the whole europe and especially italy , but it 's not a lot worse than other countries : [ link ] ( http://europa.eu/rapid/press-release_memo-10-430_en.htm ) as you can see in [ this graph ] ( http://europa.eu/rapid/exploit/2010/09/memo/en/m10_430.eni/pictures/10000201000008fd000008fd6f47c2e6.png ) , the vast majority ( 86 % ) of italians say that domestic violence is unacceptable and should always be punishable by law . 
  the problem arise with the 5 % of the population saying that domestic violence is always acceptable or acceptable in certain circumstances . 
  moreover , the news related to the priest 's declarations was the top news on most newspapers . 
  even the vatican tried to silence him ( it 's too much even for their standards ) . 
  one litre of fuel in this case is 1 litre of hydrogen , so common mileage and fuel consumption does n't apply in this case . 
  with the same example , a nuclear powered car would have a huge mileage . 
  just imagine that a litre of uranium gives more than 1000 tj of energy through nuclear fission . 
  so saying that a hydrogen powered car has a high mileage is just stupid . 
  a carbon fiber and aluminium chassis means that the `` car '' will cost way more than the $ 10,000 predicted , when it will have to meet the minimum safety specifications . 
  this is not the first nor the last example of low-weight hydrogen powered car . 
  when asked about the best dish of the english cuisine , a londoner friend of mine answered `` curry chicken '' . 
  i do n't think that the default is a viable option . 
  it 's not just that it will hurt badly the italian economy , it 's more that they won ' let italy default , as it could lead to mass default of other countries like greece , portugal and ireland . 
  moreover , the italian debt is held mostly by italian investors . 
  i may be wrong , but i do n't think that london opposes the scottish independence like madrid fiercely does, 
  actually , berlusconi 's party never took more than 38 % of the votes . 
  nevertheless , it 's a shame that 40 % of the voters are so easily brainwashed . 
  moral of the story : do n't let a single entity or person own the majority of tv channels . 
  i drink cappuccino all the time at any time . 
  bring on the sottovoti . 
  at the beginning i did not see the coat of arms on your flag and i thought you were going to perform a * crimean * on gibraltar . 
  the winner of sanremo goes to eurovision . 
  which is like sending the winner of miss universe to a `` weirdest costume '' party . 
  couple that with the extremely low quality of il volo 's music . 
  if last year elio e le storie tese had won sanremo , they would have gone to eurovision . 
  that would have been funny . 
  you probably mean economically infeasible , as it is totally possible in scotland . 
   most of the illegal drugs market is made up of cocaine , heroin and meth . 
  where does it say that in your source ? 
  genuinely curious . 
  now i would like to know where did nauru send its prisoners ... 
  and , according to this map , both are about as emotional as japanese ... 
  both . 
  she has her own political ideas , too , which consist in populism and extreme-right clich\u00e9s ( xenophobia , homophobia , bigotry ) . 
  she is famous for this phrase : `` better fascist than fag '' ( * fag * as a translation for a derogatory term for `` gay '' ) . 
  she often said that she is proud of being fascist , too . 
  i wanted to be formal and precise . 
  this is reddit , where people complain when you are not precise and complain when you are too precise . 
  she 's a national politician , she 's from rome and current mp . 
  as you can imagine , she 's a moron and sadly there 's people who still vote for her ( i think it 's because of her last name ) . 
  right now , she is a member of berlusconi 's party . 
  it seems to me that the slow and smooth transition between the franco 's regime and the ~ ~ democracy ~ ~ parliamentary monarchy did n't help to create a taboo around his figure , like it has happened in germany and italy . 
  i mean , in italy , for example , at the end of wwii there was a lot of hate against fascists , leading to the ban of fascist ideas throughout the country ( and a clear ban integrated in the constitution ) , and i think that the sudden change in the government helped in creating a strong cultural taboo . 
  you can still see some swasticas around , though , and italian police is still filled with fascists ( see genova 2001 ) , so we can say that there are idiots everywhere . 
  well , i 'm italian and i would vote portugues cuisine for the same reason as yours . 
  man , i suddenly want to visit portugal once again ... 
  that could be a self-parody,
