very old joke , was probably known in most warsaw pact countries ( but with different goods ) . 
  that one is from poland where i originally come from , although in my homecity it was ships not trains . 
  :d i am a bit too young to know these , but my family were all working and doing protests etc. 
  against the ussr for solidarnosc ( pretty dangerous , militia sometimes came with fucking tanks . 
  they have endless amounts of jokes like this . 
  why , it was pretty fair . 
  we gave them trains and in exchange they took our coal . 
  it is not supposed to be subtle !, 
  it is carnival !, 
  and especially at the d\u00fcsseldorfer carnival it is pretty much a several centuries old tradition to be at odds with politics and be controversial . 
  past rulers tried to ban it many times with little success . 
  if you want a more politically correct carnival , you can get that in cologne . 
  but thats boring . 
   greetings , a d\u00fcsseldorfer . 
  merkel as chancellor , schulz as foreign minister . 
  it is accounting to inflation  the marshall plan was 12 billion dollars . 
  accounted for inflation roughly 150 billion dollars over 4 years split over 18 countries . 
  poland has received more than that since their membership . 
  there is different estimates , some even quoting sums of 300 billion dollars , but usually it is quoted around 200 billion dollars , it depends on what you include in the figure and if you deduct their own contributions to the eu . 
  the eu is increasing spending on poland because they are getting good returns on it . 
  the polish economy is growing at a breakneck pace . 
  of course the education system has improved to be one of the best in europe , but as the original question was rather regarding polish growth and the small impact of the global financial crisis , education likely played a smaller part as it got reformed not too long ago . 
  the effects only showing themselves the past few years . 
  but yes , education is currently also one of the biggest reasons for companies coming over . 
  there already is a severe lack of well educated workforce in western countries , further aggravated due to low birth rates . 
  poland is comparatively in a good position regarding this and also seems more willing to adapt to challenges in the computer and software sector ( contrary to for example germany , sadly ) the health care is an absolute tragedy however . 
  and i think it will take a long time for it to improve , the aging populace is already straining other , modern and long established healthcare systems . 
  building up and improving your healthcare while having to deal with that issue is a very tough task . 
  contrary to what some people try to make them believe , poland has benefited tremendously from eu membership . 
  they got 13 billion euros from the eu in 2015 alone !, 
  they will get another 106 billion ( !!! ), 
  from 2014 to 2020 . 
  it is the country most funded by the eu , exceeding the marshall plan by far . 
  lots of infrastructure projects , roads , trains as well as many new buildings being built . 
  i almost didnt recognise my homecity ( gdansk ) after being gone for nearly 10 years . 
  many big companies are establishing branches in poland , especially german companies . 
  bombed out buildings in the city center , standing there since ww2 getting replaced by modern buildings , operas and many other things . 
  poland might become one of the central economic powers in the eu within the next decades , unless the government fucks it up greatly . 
  slowly but steadily the educated polish immigrants are coming back to their country , as there is many opportunities arising . 
  but it will take time . 
  many other eu countries are receiving lots of funding with mostly great success . 
  but you never hear anything about that in the media ... one of the biggest projects in the world and probably one of the greatest benefits of the eu and it gets swept under the rug . 
  lets rather talk about bendy bananas . 
  edit : also , add the fact that polish bureacracy and regulations are a lot less bothersome compared to germany or france and you have good conditions for companies to move there and take advantage of the current growth and cheaper but educated workforce . 
  because the gema wanted ridiculous amounts of money per click on a video with their music . 
  asking about the gez should do the trick instead . 
  they can rename themselves as much as they want , fuckers gon na be the gez forever . 
  of course , the preferable scenario for russia is a divided eu . 
  but that is not very different for the us i think , they benefit from an allied but fractured eu , since they can exert control as they did since ww2 . 
  after all , a well integrated , united eu would be essentially a new superpower . 
  it would no longer be under heavy us influence , so the us probably wouldnt like it either . 
  they accept us as a united economy as it benefits them , but anything more is detrimental for their influence . 
  at the same time , having a superpower right next at their doorstep would be bad for russia too . 
  hence they want to divide us . 
  however , if the eu manages to pull off an independent , well ingegrated eu , the rules change as dividing it would be no longer very plausible . 
  as such , it would be more important for russia to keep relations warm . 
  they could no longer be as bold as they are now but might benefit from a close relation due to the massive amounts of trade between eu and russia . 
  in the end i think , neither russia nor the us ( regardless whether it is trump or someone else ) will want to see a rise in eu unity . 
  remember , nations do not have eternal allies or enemies , only interests . 
  an russias interest is to keep nato ( and thus us ) influence as far away as they can . 
  knowing people , if they push for this too much , it might actually bring the eu closer together out of sheer stubborness . 
  russia and the eu are not enemies by any means . 
  the eu is their biggest trading partner . 
  russia is eus third biggest trading partner . 
  the eu relies heavily on russian resources and russia relies heavily on us buying them , as well as our exports . 
  a war between the two is simply not desirable by both . 
  the real issue is the enmity and different political interests between the us and russia , as well as the us being a nato member . 
  trump potentially leaving the nato or the cooling of ties between eu and us would probably lead to a closer russian-european relationship and could potentially solve any kind of russian threat . 
  the us needs a bad eu - russian relationship for the current balance of power to continue . 
  schulz is probably the most qualified person for foreign minister by far . 
  but not chancellor , he has very little experience with domestic affairs . 
  having him as a foreign minister under merkel would be wonderful . 
  his predecessors were usually fairly incompetent . 
  it will very much depend on the next election . 
  merkel wants to double our military spending from roughly 30 billion to over 60 billion so we reach the 2 % goal ... 
  the left is staunchly opposed however , they want to rather `` look for peace '' . 
  maybe they should look in sigmar gabriels ass , they might find something . 
  german military has been neglected for the past decades , it will take a lot more money to modernize . 
  we are still using quite a lot of 1960s equipment and are absolutely unable to send our military to afghanistan without help . 
  or any of our vehicles . 
  lots of modern equipment is borrowed or leased because we either dont have it , cant transport it or it doesnt work . 
  also , we certainly dont have better production capabilities regarding military projects . 
  most projects since the 1990s have been absolutely catastrophic . 
  huge delays , huge overspending , many defects , underwhelming performance . 
  but instead of figuring this out , the military starts a fucking web reality show about recruits to attract more people and improve their image . 
  what the fuck . 
  and let us not even mention the rules of engagement our politicians and our constitution force on our military . 
  some of it is absolutely comical . 
  not being allowed to attack taliban , having to stop shooting once they start retreating , only being allowed to detain high profile terrorists in spec ops missions ... 
  some of it ended up in our soldiers driving right in front of the taliban to provoke them to attack . 
  some of it is also caused by the fact that the war against terror is not legally allowed to be treated like a war . 
  because a war on foreign soil would be kinda unconstitutional ( not sure how to phrase it better ) . 
  red-red-green will not happen . 
  the linke and the spd are far too salty at each other . 
  so salty infact , that they rather made merkel chancelloir in 2005 than making a coalition . 
  the green arent too thrilled about the linke either . 
  the afd could only have a coalition with the cdu . 
  but merkel will probably try avoiding that . 
  although , she could probably make them end up like the fdp in that case . 
  in the end , it is all pointing towards a big coalition again .
