  only big question is whether we will get the spa\u00dfpartei fdp back . 
  unless of course something really big happens before the elections . 
  yeah , the spd has somehow tried their best ever since schr\u00f6der ( and partially during , although schr\u00f6der was fairly popular ) to completely fuck up any credibility . 
  doesnt help that they introduced and helped introduce a lot of stuff that is fairly contrary to what they are supposed to stand for . 
  schulz is a great guy though , but i just wouldnt be able to stomach having the spd as the majority party . 
  he would make a great foreign minister and could potentially make the spd a viable option for the election in 2021 though . 
  a big coalition under merkel with schulz taking more charge regarding eu matters would be quite good . 
  it was the rational option politically . 
  the green party was gaining votes fast , even overtaking the spd . 
  ending nuclear power reversed that again up until even today because the greens were seen by many as a single issue party . 
  leaving nuclear power was inevitable , the german public was pushing for it hard for a long , long time which hurt the cdu . 
  merkel just needed the right public climate to be able to go against party policy . 
  doesnt help that there was an attack at the heinrich-heine-allee planned already ( luckily didnt happen ) . 
  but i think we germans are too stubborn for terror to work well here . 
  the more they try to terrorise us , the more we will refuse to let it affect us . 
  remember what happened at carnival after cologne new years ? 
  i would rather get robbed and raped by a romanian gang while whistling the national anthem than ever have to deal with the gez again . 
  i disagree . 
  swimming is awkward , yes . 
  but learning how to swim is probably the most useful part of the whole pe education you get . 
  also , sooner or later people have to learn how to deal with their insecurities and bullies . 
  it is part of becoming an adult . 
  bullying never disappears , it just changes into a different form over time and insecurities will always stand in your way , even in adult life . 
  neither your university nor your employer will care about that . 
  i have even seen people get laid off because they got `` bullied '' by their coworkers . 
  employer just said that they dont fit in . 
  only the supreme judges :p other judges wear a black robe instead . 
  it is a really old law but probably mostly tradition since the first courts in the middle ages . 
  oh , i remember sex ed . 
  parents had to sign a document that they do not oppose us participating . 
  but if they didnt and we wouldnt participate they got a 6 . 
  if they were absent from school too , the parents would have to pay a fine . 
  if they refuse to pay they go to jail ( if the child is still part of mandatory schooling ) . 
  the law is pretty clear regarding that since there was many court decisions on this already . 
  and i will never understand what is wrong about learning sex ed . 
  i doubt islam forbids it , probably just some cultural thing . 
  and good riddance to them and their special snowflakes . 
  yes . 
  mixed at most schools . 
  some might not mix them , especially in bavaria or some rural areas . 
  it really mostly depends on state . 
  in nrw it is really rare not to have it mixed . 
  knowing our state it might even be against regulations not to mix . 
  however , sometimes the boys would get different stuff to do than the girls during the same lesson . 
  but that might be because our teacher was an old drunk who had a lot of complaints for sexual molestation and liked to touch girls a bit too much while helping them with their gymnastics lessons ... 
  it is probably because the brits use the first past the post system , which results in them having generally less parties which makes their politics less competetive . 
  honestly , fptp is mostly only used by developing countries , the us , singapore and the uk ... 
  such an antiquated system . 
  well , at that speed they might finish it in 2116 for the centennial brexit celebrations . 
  maybe if the french angrily throw some earl grey into the english channel it might speed things up . 
  they are a part of europe , but they have always been one of the most difficult eu members . 
  it pains me to say that , but it might be better for the eu project as a whole if they leave and possibly rejoin at some point in the future when they feel that they actually want to commit to it . 
  or they stay out if that works better for them . 
   what is the eu without france ? 
  what is france without the eu ? 
  times have changed , this is not the 20th century anymore where a comparatively small country with a stagnating population can uphold their long term interests and economy on their own . 
  the ones benefitting from a fractured and collapsing eu are mostly china , the usa and russia . 
  hard right parties a rising because of the failure of current european leaders to tackle this problem properly . 
  it could have been solved very quickly if there was a unified european approach and effort . 
  border security should be handled and funded proportionally by all member states . 
  and so should be refugee applications and integration . 
  the current stream of refugees would be a little drop in the sea then with hardly any effects . 
  we do not have this issue here in germany . 
  we need more working class workers fast . 
  in a [ recent study last year ] ( http://www.faz.net/aktuell/beruf-chance/arbeitswelt/neue-prognose-deutschland-braucht-mehr-arbeitskraefte-13603140.html ) , it was concluded that we will have a lack of roughly 1.8 million workers by 2020 . 
  roughly 500k academics and 1.2 million `` skilled '' workers . 
  wages are also rising , in 2015 it was 2 % adjusted for inflation . 
  i can already see the effects since a few years ... 
  most shops and supermarkets i see are constantly hiring . 
  lots and lots of job openings offered at my university . 
  it is not difficult at all to get hired at the moment . 
   prefers to wait till the last second . 
  always try to delay important decisions as long as you can reasonably afford to , so you can have as much information . 
  as possible because the more information you have , the better the result will be . 
  quite a scientific approach . 
  it was 10 years ago when she was still fairly green . 
  it is kind of putins way of testing people . 
  i think the situation is a bit different now . 
  germany always had a very love-hate relationship with russia . 
  important trading partners with a dangerous foreign policy . 
  schr\u00f6der and putin are good pals even today . 
  i find it ridiculous how a former chancelloir works for fucking gazprom now . 
  yep . 
  which is why i am annoyed at people complaining about `` just fines '' . 
  the can only give fines . 
  even if you refuse to pay them , they can mostly only give more fines . 
  enforcement and criminal investigations are up to national governments . 
  which can happen on top of any fines levied by the eu . 
  the eu is not like the federal system in the us . 
  it is not arbitrary . 
  they can fine up to 10 % of yearly revenue and in addition force them to abide by the rules . 
  the 1 % in facebooks case is due to different laws applying and circumstances . 
  in the end the goal is to set things right and enforce laws . 
  the eus problem is that they can not imprison anyone . 
  that is up to the national governments ( along with possible further fines ), 
  yes . 
  both eu laws and national laws will have to be entirely overhauled at some point . 
  otherwise it will only become an increasingly big mess of conflicting laws , greyzones and the eu institutions will become more and more unable to act , even more so than now . 
  just imagine the horror of having not only to try to pass a law in the chaotic mess that is the eu legislatiin process , but also to have to check laws , court rulings in dozens of different languages in every member state . 
  which have different political , court and law systems too .
