  lol ... no , just no . 
  molotov-ribbentrop pact speaks against you there . 
  because you 're apparently part of the kremlil troll army . 
  yeah by equating the two you 're literally falling for russian propaganda . 
  sounds like a case for psychiatric evaluation to me ... 
  you actually believe that or you just trolling ? 
  you 're literally talking like hitler . 
  hope you 're proud of yourself . 
  no , it is n't . 
  because games allow the person playing to identify himself with the respective symbols . 
  look , i personally would prefer the symbols being shown in order to show realism , but this is due to the specific criminal law in germany which is very sensitive to the use of symbols and phrases from the national socialist regime . 
  and for good reason . 
  the federal constitutional court of germany has ruled that this is lawful , because these symbols are not supposed to be glorified . 
  it is however completely allowed to use them for educational or satirical purposes . 
  how about you do some actual research into these kind of topics and read a few court rulings before writing rubbish ? 
  you really have no clue what you 're talking about , huh ? 
  no , this is a fact . 
  fact = / = opinion . 
  `` public oversight '' = attacking judicial independence = attacking the constitution . 
  because it 's defying the constitutional system of the state . 
  then you have n't understood the basic concept of our freedom-orientated law system . 
  sorry for you . 
  yeah , c *** is the right word for someone like you . 
  not gon na waste any more energy on that . 
  you heard me . 
  the very concept of human rights is that they are not subjective or debatable . 
  it definitely makes you a c *** . 
  exactly . 
  but as this subreddit is being heavily brigaded , factual statements are being downvoted to hell ... 
  oh so unarmed people are equal to ants now ? 
  great image you have of human beings . 
  so you 're admitting being racist . 
  fair enough , at least some honesty . 
  and how exactly would you know that , huh ? 
  any sources ? 
  the fact that you 're able to write this opinion of yours freely is part of these values . 
  so how about you start being a little grateful ? 
  no , the subreddit is simply being brigaded intensively . 
  yeah , that 's the thing about human rights . 
  you do not negotiate about them . 
  and rightly so . 
  because that 's the idea . 
  remind me how do a couple of thousand people destroy countries consisting of millions of citizens ? 
  stating facts seems to be unwanted by the radical right-wing brigades in this thread . 
  you goddamn bastard . 
  people are not obliged to fight in any war . 
  go ask the millions of people who fled from germany , austria and france during wwii . 
  bla bla bla `` everyone opposing my viewpoint is corrupt '' ... 
  you have n't understood one bit about the european idea then . 
  this perspective is both dangerous and disgusting . 
  what the actual fuck ? 
  people like you are the real danger to european citizens . 
  so what ? 
  the law is to be applied as it is now . 
  not as it could be in the future . 
  this does n't even make sense . 
  - how is hillary an `` elite '' if she is n't even in power at this moment ? 
  - what exactly makes you think merkel were corrupt ? 
  - where exactly do you think soros would be exerting negative influence in a political way ? 
  this is what you 're implying man . 
  you have an article about merkel and putin and respond with a quote that claims politics being basically a theatre show orchestrated by people behind the curtain , a.k.a. 
  conspiracy theory 101 . 
  stop trying to hassle your way out . 
  it looks ridiculous . 
  so what ? 
  this is still vague as fuck , because you always have people in charge coming from different political backgrounds . 
  calling `` the elites '' corrupt is about as valid an argument as calling `` the weather '' bad . 
  i want to know who personally he views as corrupt or incompetent and what his suggestion for improvement would be . 
  because , you know , that 's how you actually solve problems not by playing the demagogue and calling `` the ones in charge '' bad . 
  this is the political mentality of a 10 years old not the one of a citizen . 
  maybe because people have different views on how to handle certain problems and these views also have politicians that represent them ? 
  how about you start telling me who these so called `` elites '' might actually be , huh ? 
  because to me it sounds more like you just want to paint politics as a whole as corrupt because you ca n't stand opposing viewpoints . 
  ah the brigader is talking again . 
  the fuck ? 
  yes , it actually is . 
  good morning , son , welcome to logic-land . 
  that 's not the point . 
  numbers ca n't be racist , yes , but people can . 
  and usually instead of making rational and balanced decisions they react to these kinds of numbers with bland hatred . 
  which wo n't solve the underlying problem one bit . 
  dude , nazis have historically proven themselves to just not be `` cool guys '' . 
  the same goes for radical communists . 
  look , the first one 's here ... 
  yep . 
  you do know that there are 17 different versions of verfassungsschutz in germany , right ? 
  so you judge politicians not by their deeds but by their words ... ? 
  no , just no ... 
  better vassalize the pope then . 
  no , that 's circular reasoning . 
  a quote alone does n't mean shit and can be a true observation or absolute loony-talk . 
  how would you know that it 's all migrants and not refugees ? 
  what exactly would be replaced , huh ? 
  why do you dehumanize thousands of people without knowing them ? 
  you 're part of the mental-people-program . 
  no , just no . 
  if you think clinton is the worst person on earth , you are a special kind of dimwit . 
  also the numbers just do n't support that theory . 
  the people were already on their way when merkel held her press conference . 
  yeah the thing is : people are n't machines and in this case you 're not relating to proceedings , but to objects ( i.e.
