  comparing humans to shit ) . 
  how about you grow some balls and just openly say that you do n't like africans or syrians ? 
  would give you at least the redeeming quality of honesty . 
  you see , you correctly outlined a very fine difference there . 
  but about 99 % of redditors in threads like this one do not do that . 
  and that 's were a `` different opinion '' becomes open racism/xenophobia etc. 
  lol , by using this analogy you are equating refugees i.e. 
  people to shit . 
  this is no strawman , but an objective interpretation of your very own words . 
  and you know that about every single individual among these thousands of people , because ... ? 
  that 's not a strawman . 
  i specifically criticised your words not someone else 's . 
  you are dehumanizing people . 
  nothing more and nothing less , call it whatever you want . 
  tell that to the majority of people in this thread ... 
  source for that ? 
  because these threads are full with right-wingers who literally only want to fuel hatred and write unsubstantiated bullshit . 
  racism 101 . 
  literally . 
  yeah , let 's just abolish law , because u/longjonsilver13 says so . 
  so you literally call thousands of people you do n't know anything about yet `` shit '' ? 
  what if there are actual refugees there , too , huh ? 
  what about them ? 
  people are n't `` shit '' but human beings , you know ? 
  migrants and refugees are people , not a `` flood '' . 
  if you think , humanity is a resource that needs to be saved i.e. 
  not being used from time to time , you are literally on par with himmler 's ss and should be ashamed as fuck . 
  `` gallup finds about 16 % of the world 's adults would like to move to another country permanently if they had the chance . '', 
  this is - if at all - a source regarding the number of people `` desiring '' to migrate not the number of people who are `` going to '' . 
  desire and ability are two different things , man . 
  oh and telling someone to `` google stuff '' is n't an argument . 
  i can literally find anything on google ranging from rational thought to complete loony-talk . 
  so in conclusion you have no source for your previous statement . 
  level of validity = 0, 
  can you provide one for a change ? 
  because , you know , that 's how arguing works . 
  unsubstantiated claims are nothing more than hot air . 
  and your source for that claim about roughly 1 billion people is what exactly ? 
  sources ? 
  source ? 
  reading your praise of poland is very entertaining to read . 
  your view of western europe is completely deluded . 
  but then again you 're from t_d ... so what else to expect . 
  really funny how these threads attract radical right-wingers who have no clue about the current state of law and the fact that the proceeding to apply for refuge is a right not some generosity . 
  however they usually do n't have the balls to just say out loud that they would prefer to abolish the right to refuge ( i.e. 
  the state checking whether one will get refugee status or not ) altogether . 
  art . 
  17 dublin-iii specifically allows a member state to take responsibility for the proceedings in regard to refugees etc. 
  art . 
  3 , 4 gg forbid religious discrimination on constitutional level , so does the european convention of human rights . 
  basing any sort of political decision on `` muh , but they 're muslims '' is unconstitutional and rightly so . 
  the law allowed it . 
  and the law stands above u/heiseigo . 
  if you think otherwise , north korea might be a country more fit to your view of democracy . 
  why do you think that 's your call to make ? 
  no more like you are talking about precisely that . 
  freedom of religion as well as the prohibition of discrimination are constitutional values in germany . 
  again , read art . 
  would n't wan na be friends with someone as bigoted and discriminating . 
  just no . 
  the abolishment of constitutional rights has never ever in history caused anything good . 
  the law is disagreeing with you , man . 
  face it . 
  and it 's on constitutional level , so ... no , can not be changed that easily . 
  no it most certainly does not depend on that . 
  read up on the law . 
  art . 
  3 gg in the german constitution as well as art . 
  9 of the european convention of human rights are crystal-clear in that regard . 
  and the latter was ratified by all eu-states and is thus binding . 
  you can throw around fancy words as much as you like , when someone says `` they are muslims , they should n't have x. '', 
  then the law views this on par with racism . 
  period . 
  an exception is only made when other people 's bodies are harmed or other extreme cases . 
  you goddamn idiot . 
  a democracy is not only based on votes and majorities but also on rights , working and independent courts as well as division of power . 
  and pis is doing a tremendous job destroying the latter . 
  what else did you expect in a thread like this ? 
  lawyers , mediators , experts on sociology and eu court rulings ? 
  no , you get the usual share of uninformed and hating nitwits who think they literally booked the ticket to i-know-how-everything-works . 
  this is religious discrimination 101 . 
  you are a very special kind of idiot if you choose to make your political beliefs dependant on wars from centuries ago . 
  what a load of rubbish . 
  throughout the last centuries , poland has only had experience with russian , austrian and german/prussian conquest . 
  moreover one should expect that a a modern society does n't base its values on ancient wars but modern law , economy and the needs of citizens . 
  if people actually base their political beliefs on wars from centuries ago then i am much more worried about their state of mind than immigrants . 
  yeah picking up sticks and killing each other has always helped ... 
  you 'd prefer the eu being blackmailed by two states ? 
  the fact that your reference to actual law as well as court rulings is being downvoted to hell says enough anout this rubbish bin of a thread . 
  you really should get your perception of reality fixed, 
  yeah you do . 
  because you ratified the ruling power of the commission , the parliament as well as rhe european court and the echr . 
  is that news to you ? 
  it 's not 1918 , man . 
  stop it with this cheap antagonism . 
  red herring argument . 
  muslims are not a race , yes . 
  but denying them rights etc based on their religion is discrimination by law and it 's exactly on par with racism . 
  so call it whatever you want . 
  by the law it 's just as bad as racism .
