  you have no right to people not countering your view . 
  valid criticism of propaganda = / = counter-propaganda . 
  damn , that sounds bad :(, 
  look man , you say all this as if it were set in stone . 
  but the fact is that actions are what determines the political direction of a party . 
  and pushing against the right to abort or the right to use contraception are classic ultra-right policies . 
  so stop it with the red herrings . 
  not really . 
  both viewpoints are based on a highly sexist perception i.e. 
  man = power , woman = to be subjugated . 
  it 's this perspective that is the root of the problem , because it does n't view women and men as equal human beings in terms of rights . 
  the only person responsible for a murder is the murderer himself . 
  stop it with the fucking victim blaming . 
  you called him an `` old soviet fart '' thus implying a connection between `` being soviet '' and `` being an old fart '' . 
  however , since putin was in fact more `` soviet '' than kasparov has ever been , you literally just turned this point against yourself . 
  by the way , karpov was the one viewed as favourable towards the soviet state , not kasparov . 
  look man , you were writing stuff . 
  there is no way to tell if your were being ironic or sarcastic , because nobody can actually hear the way you speak or see your facial expression . 
  hence the need to mark your words as sarcasm , if you want them to be interpreted as such . 
  ladies and gentleman , i present you with a complete idiot . 
  well , then `` locking them up '' might be a reasonable solution . 
  instead people in this thread literally call for torture . 
  you are a special kind of bastard for actually saying that . 
  the people of europe have literally paid for these human rights with blood , sweat and tears for centuries and you little shit think you know that they are disposable ? 
  you do n't know shit . 
  get out . 
  no , just no . 
  it 's like that , because no system is perfect . 
  and if you make an error , the wrong person gets killed . 
  our system is based on the idea that protecting one innocent person is worth more than convicting 100 guilty ones . 
  this is what granted our society peace , in case you did n't know . 
  should have put an '' / s '' behind then . 
  did n't putin used to be a soviet kgb-officer ? 
  i am sure his daughter does . 
  i am sure his friends do . 
  i am sure his followers do . 
  and a just state that respects its citizens ' civil rights should therefore care as well . 
  besides , the morning-after-pill is also a failsafe option in case a condom breaks which can happen . 
  accidents happen for god 's sake and often they do despite everyone being reasonable . 
  that 's why this failsafe was invented in the first place . 
  bull-shit . 
   it 's common sense , or so i thought . 
  are you sure you know what this `` thinking '' is ? 
   i said that monogamous marriage should be encouraged . 
  these are the partnerships that result in the most stable and healthy families . 
  there is literally no proof in history whatsoever for this statement . 
   which is good . 
  everyone has a right to live . 
  people like you are really keen on protecting unborn life . 
  born life ... not so much . 
  do n't you see the hypocrisy in that ? 
  sex is an urge just like hunger , thirst or the need to sleep . 
  nature itself `` forces '' you to fool around , as you put it so nicely . 
  so get your head out of pis 's arse and start using it for thinking instead of hating on women and sexuality . 
  i am sure , quite a lot of people who are suffering from corruption within the administration and unable to pursue their civil rights in the current russian state beg to differ . 
  from where exactly do you take the authority to tell people that a dictatorship would be better for them , huh ? 
  yeah right ... / s, 
  no , it is n't . 
  by that logic you are literally declaring all of the people of one country unfit to have a democracy . 
  have you actually understood the concept of the morning-after-pill ? 
  it 's a failsafe option , not a regular form of contraception . 
  so deliberately hindering access to it will result in a huge rise of unwanted pregnancies as well as suicides and infant deaths . 
  pro-nato does n't have to be anything bad , though . 
  this is an insult to the russian people and frankly speaking it 's exactly the kind of image russian propaganda wants to create : `` yeah putin might be bad , but it 's the best there is at the moment for the people '' that 's bullshit , nothing else . 
  dude , it is fucking important to women in your country . 
  just because you ca n't imagine yourself in their position , does n't make the issue magically disappear . 
  freedom of speech includes the right to an opinion . 
  you have no right that nobody counters your opinion , man . 
  and your suggestion is ... what exactly ? 
  yeah the thing is you can adress an issue with a general concept such as islam without demonizing or judging every single individual within . 
  however the alt-right seems incapable of this differentiation . 
  but she has n't got 8000 prestige , yet . 
  so custom empire can not be formed at this point ... 
  yeah because keeping up diplomatic relations and open channels really is despicable is n't it ? 
  merkel has to talk to someone . 
  and if borisov is in power , he 's the one she needs to talk to . 
  is that so hard to understand ? 
  the eu . 
  and this is collectively funded by all member states led by germany and france . 
  looking at your comments in this thread , you are either being paid by the kremlin or you are so full of hatred of a vague concept ( i.e. 
  the western world ) that you have lost your mind . 
  possibly both . 
  yes , it is . 
  as this incident is showing . 
  the other eu states need to start getting their shit together and accepting their duties that derive right from the very treaties they signed . 
  it 's not pc , dimwit . 
  it 's called waiting for evidence . 
  ummm yeah no . 
  comparing a complete construct like yugoslavia to countries like germany or france really is an idiotic thing to say . 
  did n't know london became lordran ... where is solaire on this photo btw ? 
  he should be standing right there talking about magnificent father figures ... 
  in this case , yes . 
  period . 
  who is abolishing the very democracy he is supposed to protect . 
  a rather large number of degrees at german universities can not be finished during the regular time-span though . 
  and what do you do then , if you are 3/4 done and suddenly you are out of money ? 
  your suggestion does not work in reality . 
  was i asked ? 
  you decide by voting for political candidates . 
  that 's called representative democracy .
