  no they do n't . 
  european courts - unlike russian ones - are keen on preserving civil rights . 
  i beg to differ and the european constitutions do as well . 
  how about you start accepting that ? 
  nice comment history by the way : would n't expect anything else from a t_d guy though . 
  it is a fallacy , period . 
  read the article linked above . 
  or choose to ignore facts , your decision . 
  your opinion is in line with the us-american system . 
  fair enough . 
  however it is not the european standard . 
  we see this differently . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/whataboutism this is a fallacy , not an argument . 
  there is no `` agreeing '' in this . 
  read up on the echr `` hirsi case '' and the european court 's `` puid case '' ( c-4 / 11 ) . 
  they make the current state of law very clear . 
  changing that would require exiting the geneva convention and the european union . 
  you want to know the upsides of the right to refuge ? 
  how about human decency ? 
  denial of support of dictatorial regimes ? 
  saving innocents ? 
  is all this worth nothing to you ? 
  yes . 
  art . 
  8 gg ( constitution ) states that everyone has the right to from groups in public without restriction . 
  so you need to get permission , but this is merely a formality . 
  the german courts are very strict in this regard upholding the constitutional freedoms . 
  now ... where are the russian courts intervening when stuff like that happens there ? 
  wrong . 
  the european constitutions recognize the right to free spech just as much as one 's honor and personality . 
  therefore there are boundaries to free speech when people get insulted , threatened etc. 
  still that does n't make it nearly as bad as in russia , because in germany , france etc. 
  the courts are actually very strict in preserving these civil rights . 
  now where are those courts in russia ? 
  even if these accusations of yours were true , it would still be whataboutism/tu quoque . 
  just because someone else has issues , that does n't take away his right to criticise others . 
  the very need for a permission in a case like this is a farce to civil rights . 
  which is basically reducing freedom of speech and demonstration to zero . 
  all of them , huh ? 
  what about those who have n't `` raped children '' ? 
  you are grossly overestimating peoples ' will to move . 
  africa has decades of suffering be it economical or political behind it and so far we have n't had anything comparable to what you are preaching . 
  you might not realise this , but according to the law , immigration and refuge are two different things . 
  a refugee must have been pursued by the state for political reasons . 
  economic motives do not count . 
  there is absolutely no proof whatsoever that global warming will reduce africa to such rubble as you put it . 
  sure , there will be problems , but instead of wondering how you can best build your little fortress , how about you make a suggestion on how to stop global warming instead ? 
  ah , and what about the law of his country ? 
  - username checks out , by the way . 
  it 's not up to you but up to the administration to decide whether they are refugees or not . 
  wrong . 
  the law states the opposite . 
  you actually do and can sue for it as long as you meet the criteria to be declared a `` refugee '' in the formal sense . 
  the fundamental error in your thinking is that you are assuming there is actual room for decision . 
  you stated that rhe current policy increases rape . 
  have you still not understood that the current policy is in line with the law ? 
  by your logic , any freedom would be bad , because it has the potential to increase rape or theft or anything . 
  you are using `` safety '' as a good which has to be preserved at all cost . 
  however , the european national constitutions do it the exact other way around . 
  the constitutional rights need to be protected and any restriction needs to be thoroughly and logically reasoned . 
  so far you have not stated why exactly their right to ask for refuge is inferior to your need for safety . 
  they would have been screaming `` hail ! '', 
  towards what they believe to be the `` strong man '' to fix it all . 
  lpartg and other german laws actually equate regular marriage and same sex partnership . 
  at this point calling for `` legalisation '' is more asking for a change in language rather than actual discriminationby law . 
  so you acknowledge that you want to base your worldview on middle-aged world policies . . ? 
  calling an argument retarded is of course a completely valid argument in itself ... 
  i am sure the dead guy and his relatives will be tremendously interested by the ideology behind the kill ... 
  not really , no . 
  this is why le pen lost . 
  ( sounds familiar ? ), 
  so tell me where did you study the quran and its different interpretations ? 
  my guess would be `` youtube university '' . 
  `` close all borders '' `` stop importing criminals '' `` more terrorist attacks will show them that a change in policy is needed '' these are not valid arguments , these are literally 100 % against international as well as european and national law . 
  again let me make this plain . 
  this is not about `` allowing someone graciously in '' . 
  this is about refuge , which is a right that can be sued for . 
  you do n't get to say `` oh yes , i am willing to take 5 or 10 but no more '' imagine your government saying : `` oh actually two religions/parties/opinions suffice for our country . 
  let 's ban the others . '', 
  would n't be so happy about that , either , would you ? 
  and by generalising an entire group of living breathing human beings you are putting up a tremendous example of european valor and values , are n't you ? 
  or could it be that because this is a problem related to human nature , things can not be that easily solved , after all ? 
  on one side you have someone exerting his explicit right to ask for refuge . 
  on the other hand you have vague assumptions about who might or might not be a terrorist . 
  in cases like these , the concrete right trumps the uncertain mood , because one is 100 % proven . 
  the other is n't . 
  if i may ask , what 's a so called `` strong man '' in your opinion ? 
  are you dim ? 
  this is n't about immigration . 
  this is about refuge . 
  and if one fulfils the respective criteria , this is a right that can be sued for , not some polite offer . 
  i tell you what : read up on this decision of the european court : c-4 / 11 `` puid '' . 
  european leaders ( except for visegr\u00e1d ) have simply acted according to the geneva convention , eu law as well as national law . 
  they did not decide to `` radically change the demographics '' , they abided the law . 
  i did n't say that , at all , but whatever . 
  yeah , have you actually looked at european law ? 
  your `` solution '' is ignoring a bunch of basic human rights . 
  hirsi-case at echr , puid-case at european court etc. 
  the right to apply for refuge is set in stone with good reason . 
  ah yes the old `` do it yourself then '' fallacy .
