you sound like a genuine douchebag . 
  you do n't know anything precise about the people involved whether they are french citizens , eu-foreigners , immigrants or refugees or anything . 
  and yet you just declared the assault of innocents a good thing ? 
  it 's still screwed . 
  only with terrorism dominating the news you wo n't hear about it . 
  sometimes it 's disgusting how mass media is roaring for high-attention events to write about pretty much focussing on one topic only for months only to completely ignore it once the new big thing happens . 
  politics have the ability to influence anything and anyone . 
  denying this influence only makes matters worse , imo . 
  in some ways , international sports competitions have actually replaced war as a way of having countries compete with each other . 
  now that 's a good thing , of course , as a silver medal is a whole lot better than shells hitting my roof . 
  but naturally the event will be charged with political affiliations and patriotism as each country will be rooting for their own `` squad '' . 
  also i sure as hell would have boycotted the 1936 olympics for political reasons . 
  mate , you 're being delusional . 
  ordinary people as you put it tend to give the most fucks about stuff like this . 
  patriotism is on a considerably different level in ukraine and russia compared to central europe for example . 
  i once had two ukranians and a russian at a table and it did not take long until the topic of the war got up . 
  also : logic . 
  politicians tend to mirror the interests of the majority of the people . 
  poroshenko would n't make these statements if he did n't know that he 'd appeal to a substantial part of his people in doing so . 
  that 's what i 'm saying , mate . 
  this subreddit is overflowing with xenophobes and openly inhumane arses who need someone or something that they can look down on . 
  if it were n't for the refugees , they would start bashing each other therefore effectively massacring the european idea . 
  it 's particularly frustrating because i personally do n't like the open door policy of chancellor merkel , at all . 
  a more moderate and analytical approach would have been the better option . 
  but apparently r/europe wo n't accept anything short of shooting them all at the fence . 
  why else would i sit here actually having to defend refugees against hateful europeans whom i would never want to have as my own neighbours ... 
  do n't try to bring any form of human decency to r/europe . 
  redditors in this subreddit wo n't be satisfied with anything less than encampent and deportation of preferably all refugees . 
  suggesting an island to deport them to is exactly what the ss 's and ribbentrop 's plan had been up until 1942 with the jews . 
  and do you hear people saying `` dude , wtf , those are n't animals and if we treat them like animals , we are n't really worth shit '' ? 
  no , what you hear instead is the far-right who needs someone lower to spit and piss on in order to feel better . 
  no better than the far left . 
  both are inhuman in their own ways . 
  sometimes reddit and especially these kinds of circlejerks , in which everyone feels so happy that they can collectively bash those who do n't have much anyway , sickens me . 
  you 're being downvoted , because you decided to shape a perfectly valid and fairly diplomatic speech into a tool for your own political agenda by deliberately leaving out the context to that quote . 
  so you deserve every single one of these downvotes . 
  you 're basically framing gauck of saying something he has obviously not meant just to have some `` elites '' that you can start shouting against . 
  the way of thinking of those people in favour of an open door policy is strictly in line with german law standards . 
  asylum ( under certain requirements of course ) is one of the fundamental rights granted in the german constitution on par with freedom of speech . 
  declaring this a `` burden '' as you just did pretty much openly devalues these constitutional rights . 
  i am not in favour of merkel 's policy of doors wide open . 
  i think that there has been a substantial failure in terms of background checking especially in terms of papers , identity etc. 
  but when i walk the streets , go to work etc i do not see any part of that huge apocalypse that the scaremongers on this subreddit predicted . 
  and this sickens me . 
  terrorists can and will be able to infiltrate western countries . 
  this risk simply comes with our societies being open ones . 
  and i prefer keeping our societies open rather than bargaining it away for a fake sense of increased safety . 
  and yet day-to-day life in germany has n't changed the slightest for a good 99,99 % of germans . 
  go on ask people on the street in hamburg , berlin , cologne , stuttgart etc. 
  i assure you , you wo n't find them barricading themselves at home or abstaining from riding a train . 
  i highly recommend prof. herfried m\u00fcnkler 's stance on things . 
  terrorist attacks are in essence a collision between people from the middle ages and those of modern times . 
  between people who yearn for totalitarian structures and people who are in favour of an open society . 
  terrorist attacks simply happen and will continue to do so in the future , but damn , i wo n't give up democratic laws that have been fought for for centuries . 
  so how about you just acknowledge the fact that you 're a hateful , narcissistic arse who looks for someone to bash in order to feel better about yourself ? 
  seriously how far right-wing has r/europe become that it 's pretty much drooling and craving for anything that allows refugee-bashing ? 
  of course there have been/will be terrorists hiding among the refugees . 
  and yes , there is very good reason to criticise merkel 's policy of `` doors wide open '' instead of a more temperate approach . 
  but the vast majority of refugees does not consist of terrorists . 
  we 'd actually have a civil war by now if it were like that . 
  it 's a disputed yet reasonable point to not punish millions of refugees because of a few rotten apples . 
  not just that . 
  these very people are willing to sacrifice all that makes our western democracies truly strong : that is our human rights and our juidiciary system in which you are innocent until proven guilty etc. 
  like , these institutions have been fought for for centuries and you are willing to bargain it away just like that ? 
  i for example refuse to accept it when people scream for the need to `` act swiftly and firmly now '' etc. 
  bush administration did that after 9/11 and we all know that the iraq war did n't turn out so great , do n't we ? 
  why try to analyze rationally and calmly if you can act like a local demagogue and speak of `` stuff that needs to be done '' ... 
  wow , you lot creeping around in this thread calling for mass imprisonment as well as mass deportation of which neither is to require substantial evidence but rather the simple fact that someone is muslim are sickening me . 
  people like you are the reason the u.s. called for the patriot act which carved civil rights in a way that would make thomas jefferson turn in his grave yet not producing any real result . 
  i for one am not willing to sacrifice a judicial system based on a libertarian-democratic system that took centuries of philosophy , civil fighting and revolutions for this . 
  this system where in terms of criminal law someone is innocent until proven guilty and a substantial level of suspicion is required in order to take action is what grants each and every person in europe and the u.s. the freedom to live your life , to go on the internet and to even have these discussions . 
  so how about we start valuing this for once , because it 's this system which makes the western democracies strong . 
  not a large share of white people or supposedly strong leaders . 
  putting every single muslim under a general form of surveillance without any further form of substantiation is not a viable solution . 
  and anyone who says otherwise is scaring me as a citizen much more than these nitwits we call terrorists . 
  freedom of religion , art . 
  2 universal declaration of human rights . 
  why should you have the right to live in europe , i ask you , huh ? 
  so what ? 
  yeah great idea , let 's disband the very core of our free society . 
  not that this is what terrorists wanted in the first place ... 
  yeah you 're just quoting pispers who condemns anything that is n't downright d'accord with his own dark-red agenda . 
  and then when you die , gavelkind screws it all up ... 
  oh yes it does . 
  any actions that fall under art . 
  58 ( which is almost everything ) require the formal consent of the chancellor . 
  the life of 99,99 % of germans has n't changed a single bit due to refugees and immigrants ... just saying . 
  no he does n't . 
  check art . 
  bundesrat is not an upper house of parliament but a federal council so to speak . 
  it 's not comparable to the us or uk . 
  have you got nothing else to wonder about in politics than weed ? 
  do n't know this line of thinking sounds like downright schizophrenia to me . 
  it was among others ( ! ), 
  a non-aggression pact . 
  and that 's already different from what you said above . 
  it was n't . 
  it included secret clauses that literally carved up poland between nazi germany and the ussr at brest-litovsk . 
  whataboutism 101 . 
  how well is the kremlin paying you , eh ?
