  her apologizing about a term that 's pretty much useless bothered me more than someone using the term holland ever will . 
  no one cares , we call ourselves holland all the time . 
  i 've always considered german to be funky dutch . 
  there will be a lot of talk , but that will be the end of it . 
  a lot of talk and not a lot of actions . 
  turks are perfectly capable of messing up their reputation by themselves without erdogan . 
  holy shit , not only erdogan is a joke , his supporters are aswell . 
  rutte could n't have been more happier with this whole turkey situation . 
  he finally gets to show some strenght a couple days before the elections and quotes like this will make vvd voters that went over to pvv think about their decision a second time . 
  if they feel so connected to turkey why do n't they fuck off to turkey ? 
  i do n't know , but there are cases where people have been assaulted by groups of muslims . 
  this is n't exclusive to muslims though . 
  the only negative thing about this sub is that politically there 's a clear majority that sees things a certain way and if your opinion is not the same as that majority people are very quick to ridicule you and downvote you . 
  it definitly happens too often . 
  i presume they 're gangs that consist of muslims ... 
  i 've noticed this too in my university . 
  it 's no longer taboo to publically state you are planning to vote for the pvv , which hs pretty much always been the case . 
  being public about voting for pvv denies you opportunities . 
  good . 
  i 'm still on the fence about pvv , vnl or fvd . 
  i just dislike jan roos so much it 's really hard to vote for him . 
  it 's probaly going to come down to fvd or pvv . 
  nationalism ? 
  i 'm just saying that people dieing from terrorist attacks are n't just regular deaths and should n't be compared to other deaths . 
  and caring about your country does n't mean you 're a nazi . 
  i 'm not saying we should all live in fear but i just think it 's dumb to compare people that died from terrorist attacks to people that died in car crashes like it 's the same thing . 
  they 're acting like we should all be jolly about the fact only a small percentage died from these attacks . 
  holy shit people in this thread are actually pushing the fact that death from terrorist attacks are only a small percentage so it 's really not that big of a deal and we have barely anything to worry about . 
  what the fuck . 
  and also some people just do n't give a fuck . 
  it really does n't matter . 
  holland or the netherlands . 
  we call ourselves holland but when someone else do it some people get really triggered about it . 
  there is no need really , i 've never done it and eggs have always been fine . 
  i 'm pretty sure they 've tested it , if room temperature egs or fridge eggs were better off and the results were that it did n't matter . 
  they 're not in the fridge in the stores when you buy them here either . 
  do they really need to be ? 
  i do n't put them in the fridge at home . 
  that 's funny , considering all the eggs in my country are pretty much poison right now . 
  why is australia still competing ? 
  i thought that was a one time thing . 
  i do n't think anyone can stop an idiot from driving a truck into a bunch of people , or whoever you represent for your country , it 's not going to stop a war in the middle east that is causing millions of refugees to come in . 
  i feel like these things are completely out of your hand . 
  yep , you 're an optimist , i 'm a pessimist . 
  i do n't see things getting better . 
  i hope you 're right though . 
  well i was talking about terrorism and the refugee crisis when i said those things . 
  you 're going to stop terrorism and a civil war with a positive attitude ? 
  it 's only been getting worse . 
  i hope you 're right , but i guess i 'm a pessimist . 
  considering what france has gone through i feel like they should be the last one to be judged for voting for someone that 's anti-immigration . 
  to simply call everyone that voted for fn uneducated racists seems very childish . 
  i was more talking about the same thing perseus was talking about . 
  voting for a pro-eu guy is n't going to stop nutjobs from blowing themselves up if they want to . 
  it 's also not going to stop the refugee crisis . 
  these things could get better , but with the way things are going i am not surprised if they get worse . 
  those things are totally out of your hands , simply hoping things will get better does n't mean it will . 
  if it were up to me all erdogan supporters would have their passports taken away and sent on the first plane back to turkey , let them experience how shitty that country actually is . 
  far-left is just as fucked as far-right . 
  the netherlands was also the country with relatively the most erdogan supporters anywhere on the world . 
  ofcourse they 're partial , same when a dutch club is playing a european match they 're also pretty partial . 
  i 've only ever seen it at the national team . 
  i do n't know if you know this but pretty much every football club has a nickname aswell , especially in england . 
  i support israel . 
  it 's the only nation in a turbulent middle east that looks peaceful and tolerant . 
  perhaps not to western standards , but certainly to middle eastern standards . 
  i live 1km from the german border so i see them quite a bit checking the borders , usually german police though . 
  if you go out for dinner to a nice restaurant you should probaly tip , based on how the employees offered their services to you , not based on some percentage . 
  pretty much everyone orders from those things over here , barely see people ordering normal anymore . 
  it really is , especially since we call it holland ourselves all the time . 
  when you mention holland , no one is going to think , '' oh you must be talking about those 2 provinces '' . 
  everyone knows what you 're saying and frankly it 's the easier word to use . 
  i love it when people try to say utrecht . 
  [ here ] ( https://dekei.home.xs4all.nl/gifs-hol/negerzoendoos-c.gif ) , despite the name by most people it is n't seen as offensive at all . 
  yes i do, 
  we have this treat that literally translated means negro kisses . 
  you can imagine how this offended some people so they decided to change the name to just kisses . 
  i know no one who calls them kisses , everyone still calls them negro kisses . 
  on sunday it does , because that fucking bell is ringing for like an hour straight when i 'm trying to sleep in . 
  other than that it 's pretty useful to know an hour has passed . 
  i went to houston for a week and i 've been approached more by strangers for a chat in 1 week than i 've been in my entire life over here . 
  even though people were polite and sounded genuinely interested it was annoying and i wanted them to leave me the hell alone . 
  the mentality over here is that everyone just minds their own business , and i like it that way . 
  i 'm more concerned with integration than immigration . 
  a more hands off approach . 
  the most recent example i can give you is that the eu decided for the entirety of the eu a stricter policy on guns , impacting countries that have some more lenient gun laws . 
  every country in the eu is very different and i do n't like the idea of the eu making up rules for everyone . 
  i think france and germany are the major countries that would impact the eu the most if they were to leave and they both have no intention of leaving . 
  as a anti-eu guy myself , i feel like eu needs to make some drastic changes to how it wants to run things before i can get back on board but i do n't think that it will ever completely go away . 
  na , i like my country , but in no way are we great, 
  [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/n1fhoix.jpg ) is the sint-nicolaaskapel ( saint-nicholas chapel ) that was made in 1030 . 
  [ here ] ( http://i.imgur.com/pkdds4j.jpg ) is the inside . 
  it used to be a structure built in the 8th century by charles the great but was later made in to a chapel . 
  some parts of the structure go all the way back to 777 when it was made . 
  just found something else , a church from around 560 . 
  the sint-servaasbasiliek ( basilica of saint servatius ) . 
  however the church as you see in it 's entirety in the picture was n't complete untill the 18th century so i 'm not sure it really applies . 
  after that it has been restored a lot . 
  it was made in honor of saint servatius , who died in maastricht , where the church is located . 
  the oldest residential building is from 1130 .
