  seems like a dumb system to force kids to do something against their will and that has nothing to do with their education . 
  do they atleast get paid ? 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wxdrqeulnag i think this video is a good representation of how a lot of trump voters feel and might give people some insight of why people voted for trump . 
  yeah , it 's pretty clear democrats were divided to a point some would choose 3rd party and some even voted for trump . 
  i do n't date online so i 'm not really sure but i can see why some people would think that when someone puts in their bio that they love to travel it does n't mean a whole lot . 
  you 're not telling anything interesting really . 
  no shit you like to travel , you and 90 % of the population out there . 
  not when status quo has let you down for so long you do n't feel like you have a choice . 
  people seek for anyone to vote against the system , and trump was that anyone . 
  not from me , but maybe that 's because i personally preferred trump over clinton . 
  what does worry me a bit is that these 2 candidates made it this far . 
  the choice between trump and clinton is a shitty one that i 'm glad i did n't have to make myself . 
  but i totally get it why trump was chosen . 
  trump wants to do things right for america or so he says . 
  america first . 
  i can totally understand why you would want to vote for that . 
  but before we start passing on judgment , let 's see how he does first . 
  so democracy is bad because it did n't agree with you ? 
  half of your country wanted trump so they got him . 
  he deserves to be there despite of what you think of him . 
  no what the fuck lol, 
  i did n't even know that eating pancakes was one of our stereotypes . 
  i do n't think you 're the kind of hispanic he does n't like . 
  also in my opinion it 's a good thing america and the us might be getting along . 
  we remained neutral so it 's not really remembered here . 
  ww2 is the one we remember . 
  with hillary another war was very likely . 
  i hope trump changes his mind on climate change , but other than that i 'll take him over clinton anyday . 
  i like america , more than most others i assume . 
  i feel like i 'm influenced in many things by america . 
  but i do n't feel american . 
  i 'm 100 % dutch and unless i move to another country i do n't see myself feeling anything other than dutch . 
  hehehe , i was a brexit supporter and a trump supporter and i 'm anti-eu . 
  i 'm not very popular here , 
  do n't know . 
  i think alot of our stereotypes are true . 
  i know alot of people my age that are anti-eu . 
  i 'm 20 . 
  i probaly have more anti-eu people in my circle or friends than pro-eu . 
  i honestly would n't know what it 's called . 
  but i do n't think it 's that . 
  i also live 500m from the german border ... and i also go to germany to a bakery ... 
  why is that ignorant ? 
  i just answered the question truthfully . 
  the furthest east i 've been to is prague and the only place that would look like a fun destination more east for a holiday might be greece . 
  i also have no interest in going to any of the scandinavian countries , is that also ignorant ? 
  it 's just personal preference , nothing arrogant . 
  pretty much everything in eastern europe . 
  it does n't appeal to me going there as a tourist and i have no other business there . 
  i do n't think i 've ever met a dutch liam in my life . 
  all summer long i work in places with loads of german tourists and i work in sales . 
  i have yet to meet a german who asks me if i speak german because they will just assume i do . 
  i get about 25 german customers a day and there should n't even be a debate whether this is true or not , because it is . 
  if you are not doing this then you 're the exception . 
  we have minor earthquakes in the north of the netherlands . 
  now that i think about it it 's not really a natural disaster because i 'm pretty sure it happens because we 're drilling gas . 
  we used to have some pretty big disasters with floods . 
  german is important because you know every fucking german just expects you to fluently speak german when they come here . 
  they wo n't even try another language . 
  and i live 500m from the german border so it 's even more important for me . 
  i 'm patriotic pretty much only when it comes to sports . 
  i cheer for my country in sports . 
  that 's it . 
  no , and i never will . 
  luxembourg has its own language ? 
  i thought it was just a mixture of french and german over there ... 
  hire a big car and drive yourself . 
  assume europe is one big country . 
  most europeans do n't enjoy technology that is expensive and not really worth it with the temperature throughout the entire year here . 
  for the couple of weeks it is warm you just get a fan . 
  turkey is n't getting hate because everyone here are racist idiots , and the word hate is strong , even though they 're definitly hated by some . 
  but they 're dislikes because it 's a corrupt country and turks all around europe have some weird sense of nationalism even though their country is pretty fucked up . 
  no way in hell would i ever support them being part of the eu or have them be apart of the schengen area . 
  i hope it works out for britain since i 'm not a fan of the eu . 
  i 'm honestly just looking at them as a guinea pig to see if it can work out and then i hope my country follows . 
  it is possible here , it has to be done by a doctor and only if there is a case of no hope and suffering . 
  a patient ca n't simply ask a doctor to kill himself , an independant doctor must decide if it can be done and judge if it really is the best option for the patient . 
  i think the way of death is by some sort of drink that will kill you . 
  mostly , people are in favor of this . 
  it gives families a dignified option to say their goodbyes and end it in a peaceful matter . 
  whenever i 'm in france of germany i get so bothered by the dubbing . 
  you can sometimes see what the mouth is saying in english and then hearing some french crap coming out really bothers me . 
  i guess you have to grow up with it to appreciate it but i really do n't like it . 
  and i pick english subtitles over dutch subtitles because sometimes the translations are n't quite what they 're saying in english but what would sound better in dutch . 
  so i 'm hearing one thing and reading something else . 
  even if there 's an option i alway take english over dutch . 
  i watch netflix with english subtitles , i play video games with english subtitles . 
  i 'm unable to watch movies in my own language because i hate how it sounds . 
  i read books in english aswell . 
  now most people might not be as extreme as me , but we do n't get dubbed entertainment and i 'm very glad for that because it 's very helpful in learning the language . 
  you 'll be dealing with this everywhere , the netherlands is often praised one of the most accepting countries in europe , and that is true for most things . 
  but also here there are many people opposed to the mass influx of immigrants . 
  heck , i personally am against it . 
  i do n't know if you will have personal negative effects by this . 
  as for the language , i remember seeing somewhere around 90 % of dutch people speak english , so that wo n't be too much of a problem . 
  i think your best bet is to just wait and see what happens in the uk and do n't make a decision based on your emotions now , but on your emotions in a year or so . 
  i do n't care about it . 
  you still hear sometimes about shady shit going down in the prostitution business even though it 's legal . 
  pimps and forced prostitution are a thing . 
  i 've never discussed it but that 's because i do n't hang out with people that go there .
