is it ? 
  or is the world finally realizing islam is n't all sunshine and peace ? 
  i do n't know , i can only imagine what would happen to jewish settlements in areas where muslims have control and then this does n't seem so bad . 
  trust me it 's not wilders supporters that are downvoting you , it 's you making just a stupid statement . 
  comparing someone who is only made possible because of free speech , and someone that bans free speech . 
  and comparing trump , even if you do n't like the man , to hitler ? 
  come on . 
  you have to be really close minded to see that comparison . 
  i 'm simply stating that being black and going to poland is n't the smartest decisions since it is more common over there . 
  i 've never said eastern europe in it 's entirety is racist . 
  but these '' isolated '' incedents are alot more common in poland . 
  you can pretend like it 's not , but it is . 
  and you counter my argument by saying my country is racist towards eastern europe without backing that up in any way . 
  germany is racist ? 
  the country that 's taking in the most refugees ? 
  people protesting over there is racist but poland , the country that 's refusing to take refugees is n't ? 
  where 's your logic in that ? 
  all you do is shout accusations and insults , do you even know what they mean ? 
  you 're just saying random shit at this point . 
  my comment proves it ? 
  i do n't dislike poles . 
  i have a buddy who 's polish who 's a mechanic and who always fixes up my car . 
  does n't take away the fact that he 's racist as fuck and a car stealing thief . 
  my car is probaly filled with stolen parts at this point . 
  i 've said nothing offensive about eastern europeans . 
  but they can be racist , definitly more so than western europeans . 
  in what way is eastern europe a hell for my country ? 
  especially since they 're all so eager to come and work here . 
  okay . 
  then this was just an isolated incident which will never repeat itself . 
  you can name some racist in every country , that does n't take away it 's alot more common in poland . 
  why would you go to poland if you 're black ? 
  i mean it is n't some big secret that some people over there can be very racist . 
  i 'm sorry but cultures within europe are simply too different for us to be accepting a centralized government . 
  someone from eastern europe has no business making laws for my country . 
  i for one will never feels like an european . 
  i might not give a crap about the country the netherlands , but i do care about it 's citizens . 
  and given the option i 'd rather have them be fine . 
  call me a selfish prick but i do n't feel like paying taxes to fix another country . 
  countries will still work together , but it 'll be a different kind of cooperation . 
  there 's no need for every country to work together on everything . 
  what exactly is it you think that we want that requires all governments working together ? 
  i want countries to work together a whole lot less , other than some main topics ofcourse . 
  sure the eu has been good , but today it 's not . 
  and people start seeing that it 's not . 
  and it may not be a majority , but there 's a big group in alot of countries that are sick of the eu and are prepared to leave it . 
  you do n't get it , people in europe do n't want europe fixed , they want their own country fixed . 
  no one has some sort of loyalty to europe . 
  we want what 's best for our own country . 
  and right now it seems that leaving the eu might be best choice for some countries . 
  i 'm a dutch citizen , not an european citizen , i want what 's best for the netherlands and its people living here and alot of countries feel the same way . 
  obviously you do n't know shit about politics if you 're comparing wilders to erdogan , you must also be one of those weirdos that wants to compare trump to hitler . 
  it 's honestly insulting to wilders to compare him to erdogan . 
  i was aware sp was against it ( did n't know about pvdd ) but i never heared any campaigning from them , on the other hand it 's very hard not to notice geert wilders so i definitly heared him being against it . 
  but still when both the vvd and the pvda ( and most other parties ) agree on something and it 's not what the people want then you should listen to the people . 
  honestly this is what the people wanted apparently . 
  it 's easy to get mad at an entire country but when the people ask for a referendum it 's not an easy task . 
  getting the signatures in order to even get the referendum and then get the required turnout and results is definitly a big sign that the dutch people want this . 
  keep in mind that i know of only 1 politician that actively was against the eu and ukraine agreement and all other politicians pretty much backed it . 
  and stil the people voted no . 
  just some insight as to why people voted no is that people here do n't want them to join the eu ( many people saw this as the first step in them joining the eu ) , do n't want to ever be put in a position to give money to ukraine , do n't want migrants from ukraine coming here and some more . 
  it 's easy to hate us for this , but the people here decided we 'd rather fix out own shit , than help another . 
  honestly things like this probaly affected alot of the voters to vote no . 
  they see a corrupt government and people here would rather help our own country that help a corrupt one . 
  oh , i 've never actually bothered to look up what it means , i guess i 'm not a good patriot :(, 
  not just any blood , our anthem mentions german blood , 
  she 's showing that islam is a part of the problem . 
  that this is the real islam . 
  disgusting they ca n't even show a little bit of peace at a memorial . 
  we have weapons ? 
  i honestly do n't see how feminists do n't fight for more woman 's rights in islam all together . 
  this does n't seem like progress . 
  it 's not a solution to a very real problem . 
  well what do you expect from them ? 
  i do n't know about norway but since the numbers match in the netherlands you could easily have a conversation with us in english , but ofcourse our pronunciation wo n't be flawless and sometimes we mess up some words/grammar . 
  so are the 2 % infants or something ? 
  or immigrants ? 
  whatsup with that 2 % ? 
  people that complain always have the loudest voices and get the most attention , but this is fair and i hope they implement this everywhere . 
  this makes me want to move to finland . 
  looks like a great country for a people hating person like me , 
  proud pvv voter here . 
  acknowledges the problem , whereas other people do n't even see it as a problem . 
  it fucking enrages me what 's happening currently in europe and politicians seem to not give any fucks . 
  people should grow the fuck up , same with brexit . 
  this is democracy . 
  deal with it . 
  democrats were so ready to piss all over donald supporters when they were leading big in the polls and yet they are always the most vocal and whiny ones when things do n't go their way . 
  democracy won , that 's it . 
  merkel or sane ... pick one . 
  you truely believe over 50 % of america is are racists and white supremacists because they voted for trump ? 
  even though he did better with blacks and latinos than previous republican candidates ? 
  it 's about fucking time . 
  holy shit , the first time i ever wanted to move to romania . 
  damn , it 's like every western european country is a part of something but us :(, 
  spanish probaly is the most useful language to learn if you look internationally , but most european countries are around germany so it 's useful to learn german . 
  i live 200m from the german border and germans expect you to know their language . 
  here we go again ... 
  i know i was being sarcastic . 
  ca n't blame them , the current politicians made a shitshow of everything and now weekly attacks are a thing .
