  at this point i just hope we will actually qualify for the next tournament . 
  i would consider myself a republican on many things , and a democrat on some . 
  i would have more in common with republicans though . 
  the sopranos . 
  the dutch do n't really get represented , and when we do it 's shitty . 
  the other day i saw a compilation of people talking dutch in american movies/shows . 
  well i can tell you one thing those people were not speaking dutch , sounded more like retarded german . 
  it 's fun , domestically we all hate each other but when the national team plays the entire country gets together behind the national team . 
  there is n't that much news to consume about the national team untill they play , and when the national teams play the clubs do n't play so there wo n't be new news for the clubs during that time so you can follow both . 
  i watch pretty much every game the national team plays , except for the friendlies . 
  if i can , i will also watch every game my favorite club plays . 
  what 's it like hoping for success ? 
  ofcourse you want to win every single game . 
  the relation with the national team and the players from your club is different . 
  i like pretty much everyone on my club , some more than others but i 'm a fan so i kinda have to . 
  whenever players leave to seek success in bigger and better competitions i will usually follow their progress , see how well they 're doing and i genuinely wish them the best . 
  with the national squad it 's different because everyone comes from a different club and seeing as i have no real ties to those clubs i do n't care for them as much . 
  none, 
  it 's pretty popular . 
  you do n't see people going there daily but it 's a nice snack to get once in a while . 
  it 's not avoided because of any stereotypes though . 
  if people avoided it 's probaly because they do n't like it or think it 's unhealthy . 
  i like it and go there occasionally . 
  mcdonalds, 
  we make dumb belgian jokes , and it appears we scored higher on that map . 
  the dutch are greedy , it 's true . 
  we simply do n't have the players to replace what we had . 
  the big dutch talents of today do n't even come close to the level that the likes of sneijder and robben showed in their early years . 
  i think we 'll stay on this very average level for a long time . 
  football : germany , fuck them and their superiority . 
  belgium , we used to never care about them but it seems the tables have turned dramatically . 
  the rivalry between belgium and us is more of a friendly one whereas the rivalry with germany is more heated i would say , some of us really fucking hate them . 
  european right wing is n't anti gay though , especially in western europe . 
  the only parties that are anti gay are religious . 
  right wing . 
  it happens , however i do think most of the time race tends to stick with each other . 
  i 've been to one , texel . 
  i 've been in every province of the netherlands , so i 've been to pretty much every corner of the country but in a small country like this it 's not that big of an achievement . 
  i 'm someone that 's against expanding europe and then / r/europe can become a pretty hostile place with the pro europe circlejerk that 's going on over there . 
  i mean most people are pro europe in this sub aswell but people are never really hostile and want to discuss the topic respectfully . 
  i mostly go on / r/europe now to see interesting facts about countries or whatever , i 'm done discussing any form of politics on that sub . 
  golden earring made some great songs back in its day [ radar love ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zf53pg2akdy ) [ twilight zone ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a1sf2czeq0w ) [ when the lady smiles ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pyxp6oiezlk ), 
  we have sgp which pretty much caters to the dutch reformed church . 
  these are the kind of people where the females only wear skirts and they 're anti-abortion and they 're anti gay marriage etc. 
  we also have denk whose more left wing but they cater to the muslims and the immigrants . 
  technically they 're not religious but they 're aiming for that demographic . 
  they do n't really have a presence here that i know of and if they do it 's not that large a presence or they just keep to themselves and do n't bother anyone . 
  i do n't know any . 
  i know a shitload of arab muslims though so i guess that is the reason why they never come up in discussions about islam . 
  yes you are , surprised me aswell to be honest . 
  but the polls have changed a lot in a month , last month the pvv were around 32 seats and now 25 . 
  and groenlinks has been having a small increase . 
  but most pvv voters are going to other right wing parties . 
  the source is in dutch and a month old so perhaps stuff has changed already . 
  it says here that 21 % of the 18-25 category is planning to vote for pvv . 
  i 've actually looked it up now and it seems the pvv ( geert wilders ) is the most popular party among youth , followed by groenlinks . 
  and the main voting point seems to be their view on immigration and islam . 
  it seems that a higher percentage of people in the 18-25 category will be voting pvv than the 26-24 category . 
  so i guess the right is getting more popular over here aswell . 
  very divided still , ofcourse the youth will always be leaning a little more towards the left . 
  groenlinks , a left party that 's concerned about climate , they 're pro immigration , pro europe . 
  where we have geert wilders trying to imitate trump , their party leader is trying to imitate justin trudeau . 
  they had 5 seats the last elections and right now they 're looking at close to 20 seats . 
  and also a lot of young people simply are n't concerned with politics at all . 
  some ca n't even tell if a party is left or right . 
  but really you never know what is going to happen . 
  if we can learn anything from brexit and trump and even in our own country about the referendum on ukraine it 's that the polls are never right . 
  well it wo n't happen here , the leading party in the polls has 28 seats and no way it 'll tripple its seats . 
  maybe one day , but with the things being what they are today it wo n't happen . 
  pretty much the way it works is that it 's impossible for 1 party to be the government , because you need a majority of the 150 seats available to lead and because we have so many parties that 's impossible . 
  small parties with 1 or 2 seats wo n't be part of the coalition that is created to make the government because they 're too small . 
  parties like pvv ( geert wilders ) wo n't be in the coalition because no one wants to work with him . 
  usually the biggest parties will be in the coalition . 
  since no one wants to work with the pvv and in the polls they are the biggest party ( but they dont have a majority by itself ) we could end up with a lot of parties in the coalition to go against the pvv or they will have to cave and actually work with him . 
  forming a coalition with conflicting parties means that a lot of compromises will be made when it comes to making decisions . 
  out of one of the parties in the coalition a prime minister will be chosen , most likely it will be the one with the biggest party but does n't have to be . 
  the prime minister has very limited power in our country because he has to work together with other parties in the coalition . 
  yes it is , but this is the first time it 's around and in some polls it gets a seat or in some even 2 seats and once you get a seat you are pretty much considered a '' real '' party . 
  they wo n't have any real influence but i hope that once they get a seat they get more opportunities to grow . 
  as of right now they are n't even invited to the closing debate before the elections because they are considered too small . 
  even though they have more seats in the polls than some of the other invited parties . 
  main reason i 'm still considering voting pvv is because my vote might have more of an impact , because they is a chance forum for democracy wo n't even get a seat . 
  i 'm probaly voting for forum for democracy this time around . 
  i 'm still considering voting for pvv but i am really divided on geert wilders . 
  forum for democracy is against expanding in europe and wants to have binding referendums about europe . 
  also they 're for a stricter immigration policy . 
  i feel like this is the ring wing party i 've been waiting for since it 's a bit more serious than pvv . 
  geert wilders is very succesful at doing what he does and he will get a lot of voters this year by doing what he does but sometimes he just goes too far . 
  we still have some people who absolutely fucking hate germany with a passion but i usually give them a pass because it 's directly related to ww2 and they were personally affected . 
  most of these people are old and pretty much dieing so it wo n't be a thing for very long anymore . 
  we play sleeping the entire goddamn day untill we have to eat or take a shit . 
  we both love it . 
  yes , i fucking love it . 
  no , i enjoy it , it relaxes me . 
  i do n't smoke that much , a pack lasts me a week . 
  wilders is n't really far right , some of his views are more towards the middle but nowadays being anti-immigration and anti-europe will get you the far right title . 
  maybe not leave the eu but i think a lot of people are in favor of being more independent when it comes to the eu . 
  i smoke but i do n't consider it to be very popular . 
  smoking is generally looked down upon and considered nasty by some people nowadays . 
  i think most simply do n't care , do what you want as long as you do n't bother anyone with it .
