  politicians that are actively against this will obviously get support , and they should when you look at what 's happening . 
  it honestly feels pretty good that iceland did this good at the euros so it 's less emberassing we lost to them in the qualifiers . 
  he 's right though , at this point i 've become numbed at these colored buildings because it happens so often . 
  all these pray4whatever hashtags literally do nothing . 
  i 'm not going to stop terrorism , but i can definitly say something about it . 
  only like 45 % of young people voted , yes they obviously care very much about their future . 
  i think most people just want to see how it plays out , a lot of people i 've talked to are very much in favor of leaving themselves but most politicians are very much against the idea . 
  i 'm personally not a supporter of the eu so i 'm very curious to see how it plays out and hope it works out for them so it will allow more countries to follow . 
  and scotland needs another referendum , there was a clear difference in votes between england and scotland and i think it 'll be better for both countries if scotland is no longer a part of them . 
  i think it 's more the divide between working class and upper class . 
  to me it seemed like urban places mostly voted to remain but rural places wanted to leave . 
  people really think suddenly everyone will go to war because countries will leave the eu ? 
  i 'm personally in favor of leaving the eu because i agree that it has failed . 
  but i feel like we should n't rush in leaving it right now so soon after britain . 
  let 's first see how that plays out . 
  i do think that a domino effect will be unavoidable and more countries will leave . 
  if it 's effective , i honestly do n't mind . 
  i know innocent people will get fucked over by this , but if you 're innocent you have nothing to worry about . 
  at the end of the day i care about catching criminals , if this is effective . 
  i want it to continue . 
  this is just getting emberassing . 
  when is there a chance that turkey can get rid of erdogan , what a tool he is . 
  poetry , to me , is the complete opposite of something interesting . 
  please , give me some interesting stories about the azores to read . 
  nope . 
  untill now i did n't . 
  eliseu and payet are from places i did n't even know existed, 
  but why though ? 
  never heared of douwe bob before this eurovision ... 
  i personally thought this was the worst song out of them all . 
  but i guess this has turned into more of a political contest than about actually having the best song . 
  do n't know if i 'll be tuning in next year . 
  it 's widely accepted as being holland , most dutch people wo n't know it 's incorrect for it to be named holland . 
  when we cheer our national football team , we say go holland , our website for tourism is holland.com . 
  it 's accepted to the point that it is n't an issue at all . 
  honestly with my personal experience i thought it 'd be less than 30 % . 
  i 'm all for homosexuality , but seeing two guys make out is not a fun thing to watch for me . 
  i do n't consider it offensive , just intimate interactions between 2 men kinda turns me off . 
  i do n't know if in this research i would be considered as one of the offensive , because i believe everyone is able to kiss whoever the fuck they want in ( most ) public places . 
  does n't mean i have to enjoy watching it . 
  i interact alot with germans , and they always call our country holland , and then quickly apologize and say i 'm sorry , you guys hate that it 's the netherlands . 
  i mean the gesture is nice , but no one here cares if you call it holland or the netherlands . 
  we ourself call our country holland often . 
  i know they mean well , but i 've had that conversation countless times now about how it does n't matter . 
  western woman are not oppressed . 
  they should n't be fighting to improve their own situation , but rather fight for places that seems like they have n't progressed since the middle ages . 
  i do hear them , and i respect them . 
  but i have to actively seek them out to hear them . 
  by pure definition of the word i would be a feminist , because men and woman are equal . 
  but i do n't want anything to do with feminism because some feminists today are just taking it way too far . 
  and their voices is what you seem to be hearing everywhere . 
  i 'm really not , modern day feminist do n't really do it for me . 
  it 's just that you always hear them cry about useless shit but i have yet to hear them critizise islam . 
  where are feminist when you hear shit like this ? 
  this is n't important but me spreading my legs in the fucking bus is apparently . 
  welp , time to leave the eu , 
  you could 've just laughed at the irony of a turkish person calling your country backward . 
  i think eventually the uk will find themselves in pretty much the same position they were in when they were in the eu but without actually being in the eu . 
  we will still need to work together . 
  it 's an island somewhere ... 
  it 's been one of their most important points . 
  you could n't shut him up about the climate . 
  i 'd say it 's pretty important for them . 
  if integration continues to fail right-wing populism will keep rising . 
  i do n't know if people are aware of this but wilders won seats this election . 
  he went from third biggest party to second biggest party . 
  it 's growing . 
  i 'm hoping it 's what everyone expects ( d66 , vvd , cda , cu ) . 
  if vvd does go in a coalition with groenlinks i ca n't imagine it going well with vvd voters . 
  i would n't be happy with it . 
  the pirate party did n't get a seat so it wo n't be them . 
  d66 cares about climate change , no need to get groenlinks in the coalition . 
  they have n't been first in polls for a while now . 
  also there was never a real threat of them ever being in charge of this country . 
  the largest party represents more people than any other party in the country , with our system getting 20 % of the votes could mean you have the most votes . 
  yea but d66 and vdd wo n't get a majority , they 'll need most likely 2 more parties in there which will probaly be cda and groenlinks . 
  do you really think vvd voters are more happy with groenlinks than pvv ? 
  i supported vvd last elections and i ca n't imagine a worse partner in the coalition . 
  because the largest party represents the most people in the country . 
  that could be said for any party though . 
  he could potentially have the largest following and deserves to be in the coalition . 
  i 'm not planning to vote for him but do n't you think it 's weird that the party that potentially has the most votes is n't going to be in the coalition . 
  i do n't think that 's fair . 
  and if he does get the most votes why would n't he say that ? 
  because it 's true . 
  pvv will be one of the biggest parties , maybe even the biggest . 
  but our system requires a coalition of multiple parties and no party is willing to work together with him . 
  it means that even though he could be the biggest party , 4 smaller parties will form a coalition and will be in control . 
  democracy at its finest  . , 
  fuck him . 
  i 'm not disagreeing with you , i just do n't see the reason in getting so worked up over a term when it really does n't matter . 
  it is n't the same , because holland is a widely accepted term for our country up untill some time ago people decided it was technically wrong and now need to point it out everytime . 
  and it 's so dumb to get offended by a term when we use it so many times . 
  we refer to ourselves as holland all the time . 
  i do n't , actually , i live in groningen . 
  i just do n't get why we 're making a big deal of nothing . 
   he said : `` there is a crisis and a very deep one . 
  we did n't create this crisis or bring to this stage . '', 
  it does n't , but it kinda bothers me when people make such a big fuss out of it when we do it all the time . 
  the other day i was talking to a german woman and she called it holland and afterwards she apologized and then she said she knows how much we hate it .
