  the guns are n't for self defence , you are only allowed to use the gun for sport or hunting . 
  the only people that are allowed to own guns in my country are those that have one for sport or for hunting . 
  i actually know someone that owns a gun and he has to keep the gun and the ammo locked up in seperate parts of his house and he gets a visit from the police sometimes to see if everything is in order . 
  i 'm probaly in the minority here but i think you should be able to purchase a gun for self defence . 
  our gun laws are so strict pepperspray is considered a weapon and you are not allowed to own it . 
  yes i do . 
  i think they 're heading in a path that is taking them further and further away from europe and not only turkey , but even some european turks can become a threat . 
  already a lot of them hate the country they live in and love a country that 's run by a mad man . 
  they listen to this man who has some very dangerous ideas for europe . 
  south europe is your best bet i guess if you 're looking for a nice countryside with a nice climate . 
  spain/france/italy . 
  do n't know about the internet there though . 
  in my opinion the eu does not have a gun problem and it did n't feel necessary . 
  all this does is restrict legitimate gun owners . 
  also this is one of those reasons why i 'm against expanding europe , them creating a law that impacts every country even though every country in europe lives under very different circumstances is something i do n't agree to . 
  honestly if it was n't for reddit i would 've never known about it . 
  i 've never been thought about it . 
  i still do n't know very much about it except the very big picture . 
  i agree that they refuse to integrate and tend to stick to each other but most of them are legitimate hard workers that take the shitty jobs . 
  most of them are making it very clear they 're only in it for the money and do n't plan on staying . 
  of all the immigrants the poles are some of the least bad ones imo . 
  my grandfather absolutely fucking hated you guys . 
  the moment germany would even get mentioned he 'd get mad . 
  he did n't call you guys germans , only moffen or nazis . 
  he 's dead now and even though he hated germany he really was a good man and i miss him . 
  eventually it got kinda funny to us the different kind of ways he could insult germans . 
  no one else in my family feels any resentment towards germany , just him . 
  and considering what he went through we just let him be and did n't try to correct him . 
  we had a 80 year war going on at the time which get discussed alot which was us getting away from spains rule . 
  i have no clue what any of those wars are about , did n't get discussed over here . 
  - what makes me stick around ? 
  i like the people in this sub , especially in political discussions . 
  on most subs there is a clear bias one way politically and in this sub even though there is a majority that feels a certain way , people with opposing opinions pretty much never get downvoted for having an unpopular opinion . 
  most of the time they get questioned on their opinions and discussions are pretty much always respectful . 
  - some questions get asked quite a few times , maybe in the sidebar there should be a link to threads with faq questions . 
  - the traffic is perfect right now in my opinion . 
  i pretty much read every answer on a thread and if more people would answer it 'd get too much . 
  i like the intimacy . 
  - i think it 's divided pretty evenly , i do see quite a few dutch people here and sometimes i do n't bother answering a question because someone from my country already answered , but that is fine . 
  maybe i just notice the dutch more because i 'm dutch . 
  the uk seems to be represented by a lot of people too . 
  the prague spring was pretty important in our history books . 
  i think you should do what you feel like doing . 
  yes , that 's exactly what i want the eu to be . 
  i do n't like the idea of the eu telling certain countries what they should be doing . 
  i did n't mind the eu but it seems their influence is growing and i 'm not a fan of that . 
  leave, 
  why should a country damage itself because others are ? 
  if anything we should follow those countries ' lead on immigration . 
  when was the last time there was an attack in those countries ? 
  no clue what that is, 
  i 'm heavily against what happened , and i say this as someone who supported trump . 
  not getting involved in syria was one of the main points i prefered him over clinton . 
  none of those sports do really well . 
  some people like basketball and i think our national baseball team is doing somewhat decent but i could care less about these sports . 
  most hated ? 
  probaly ajax . 
  they have the biggest fanbase but pretty much everyone that is n't a fan hates them . 
  the only people that are told to integrate use their religion to be a dickhead . 
  stop doing that and you 'll be fine . 
  it 's like he 's asking us to accept his hatred for jews , gays and many more minorites because muslims have always been a part of europe . 
  what values are those exactly ? 
  you can practice your religion in most european countries , just do n't be a dickhead to others in the name of your religion . 
  because some of your values degrade gays , woman and other minorities , so integrate . 
  that shit does n't go over well in europe . 
  * i honestly believe this post is a troll to make muslims look bad , it 's hard to imagine someone actually thinking like this, 
  why would you say you 're doing bad socially ? 
  i tip if the person deserves it . 
  nop , probaly because most people do n't care much about russia , same when shit goes down in the middle east , we generally do n't care enough about them to care when stuff happens . 
  that 's the harsh truth i guess . 
  i do n't agree with it but if the same thing happened over here in the west everyone would be all over it , no doubt . 
  i do n't really remember , i just remember us all getting a condom and we were blowing them up and just generally being immature teenagers with them . 
  our attempts at serious movies . 
  very unfortunate accidents ... 
  i 'll make an exception for australia , but everyone else no . 
  even though our country is small we have a lot of different accents . 
  i recently moved from amsterdam to the north east of the country and i ca n't understand some of the older folk at all . 
  people that did n't really grow up in the cities will have an accent and sometimes they 're hard to understand but not incredibly hard . 
  it 's not that bad really , the only bad part about that meal are the sprinkles . 
  i feel like every american restaurant i 've come across in europe is texas styled . 
  i like the food usually . 
  of all time , probaly johan cruyff . 
  currently probaly max verstappen . 
  however internationally it 's probaly arjen robben . 
  your best bet is to move away from the big cities in western countries . 
  people here are very gay friendly , however in big cities we do have quite a few muslims . 
  about 7 % of our population is muslim i believe . 
  the team i support should be contending to win the league every year . 
  so that 's what i expect . 
  ofcourse it wo n't happen every year and it 's looking likely we 'll finish 2nd this year even though we are playing well . 
  also because the dutch league is n't that strong we 're constantly rebuilding because we 're constantly selling players to bigger clubs . 
  you can pretty much bet on it that if a player in my team is considered the best player he will be gone within 2 years . 
  where we do have realistic expectations is european football . 
  this week we actually managed to make it to the top 8 of an european tournament for the first time in 14 years , so we 're making progress there . 
  however we realize that our chances of actually getting further are pretty slim . 
  the national team on the other hand is looking very poor right now . 
  we went from making it to a world cup final in 2010 and to a semi final in 2014 to not qualifying for the euros 2016 . 
  all of our players that managed to make it to the world cup final are pretty much gone and the new talents are nowhere near the level the old guys were . 
  it 's looking very sad for our national team and it 's looking like it will be sad for quite some time . 
  i do n't expect a lot right now .
