  if you want to kill yourself smoking that 's your problem . 
  de vs or amerika . 
  vs basically means united states in dutch . 
  on mobile everyone here uses whatsapp , that 's it . 
  on pc skype , discord . 
  no , never . 
  i just looked it up and the highest temperature we 've ever had was 38,6 \u00b0 in 1944 . 
  more recently in 2013 we had a day where it was 36,9 \u00b0 . 
  we only have a couple of days each year that we get above 30 \u00b0 usually . 
  that 's it . 
  and i can see the appeal of that if you 're an american . 
  do you have any examples of a man and a woman doing the exact same job and the man being paid more ? 
  i can appreciate a good shitpost , however on this sub i have yet to see one . 
  i know they 're not but you will get put in the far right camp if you express these opinions . 
  i think the eu should just be independant countries that can work together . 
  so either the eu becomes a little less hands on or i think countries should leave the eu . 
  i was strictly speaking for opportunities when it came to education and jobs and there is no discrimination in these fields . 
  womans opinions are not ignored . 
  i do n't need to be a woman to know this is true . 
  woman are equal to men here . 
  i 'm considered right wing and i have some anti-immigration and anti-europe opinions but it 's not as bad as you think . 
  i 'm not some crazy racist nazi i just have different opinions than you which you can disagree with . 
  i 'm a 21 year old male . 
  i think a woman in this country gets the same opportunities when it comes to education and job opportunity as a man . 
  some fields are more dominated by men and some more by woman but that 's also because they go into different directions . 
  i 'm currently studying and there 's about 150 people in my year and about 5 of those are female . 
  i do n't believe woman are treated unfairly . 
  the way blm went about it made me dislike them . 
  even if i might agree with the message i find it hard to support them . 
  i always use english for everything . 
  i also watch movies in english with english subtitles and i read my books in english . 
  i just hate my language i guess . 
  i prefer manual right up to the point i get stuck in traffic , then i wish i had an automatic . 
  i just find it boring to drive an automatic . 
  not really , as a smoker myself i also do n't see any appeal in them . 
  they are actively trying to make people quit , with shops not having them on open display , like a year ago they put really vivid pictures on the packs etc. 
  netherlands , obviously 2 . 
  germany , i live like 200m from the german border and it 's faster to just take the autobahn to school so i 'm pretty much there ever day . 
  italy , probaly around 10 months . 
  i go there on holiday alot , ranging from 1 week to a month . 
  austria , czech , america , france , england , spain . 
  all of these 1 weeks to a month , holidays mostly . 
  - netherlands - belgium - germany - luxembourg - france - italy - spain - uk - austria - switzerland - czech republic - denmark - vatican city - monaco i enjoy going to italy the most , it 's our main destination for going on vacation . 
  what we 're the ony ones with that sauce ??? 
  how unlucky for everyone else , 
  german groceries are n't really cheaper , it 's just that they have different stuff than dutch stores . 
  gas is n't that much cheaper than where i live now , but it 's still worth it to drive that extra mile to go to germany . 
  i used to live near amsterdam and it 's 20 + cents more expensive/litre over there than where i live now . 
  basically the more east you go , the cheaper it gets . 
  no , i wish i could because cars are so much cheaper in germany but you have to pay some kind of tax on it to actually drive in in our country . 
  i 'm not sure exactly how it works but there 's quite a few extra costs that come with it . 
  i live 1km from the german border so i do buy my gas in germany where it 's cheaper and sometimes do groceries over there . 
  but not big purchases . 
  i have a volkswagen polo and i love it , planning on buying a volkswagen golf though . 
  not where i live , i see them all the time and there are definitly incidents that make people view them negatively . 
  i personally have n't been bothered by them though . 
  dinner with family usually , that 's it . 
  well it 's both dutch but it 's more a different dialect that just sounds alot nicer in my opinion . 
  not liberal , but middle to right . 
  he 's not far right . 
  as a dutch person i really love listening to flemish , it 's much more pleasant to listen to . 
  i would n't really call wilders far right , he 's a populist and anti-immigration and anti-europe but some of his other ideas are more in the middle than you 'd expect from a far right party . 
  nothing has changed , i dont view americans negatively and this election has n't changed that . 
  i mean we paid off some indonesian families like a year ago because we threated some people like shit over there when we were in charge . 
  i do n't feel like we should be held responsible for something we had no part in , or germans for any of the world wars . 
  we do have some whiners that want to change black pete and their annoying voices are so loud they caved and changed him into colorfull pete or whatever the fuck pete . 
  i think a poll showed that over 90 % was against changing the color of pete here because he 's seen as a friend to children and part of our tradition and culture . 
  then people from other countries came and did n't like our traditions so they made us change them . 
  now every year people will demonstrate and and they 're actively trying to ruin a childrens tradition that 's supposed to make them happy . 
  but to answer your question , personally , i have no white guilt . 
  i know i 'm not racist and i will not apologize for anything anyone has done . 
  i will not threat you any better or worse just because of the color of your skin . 
  middle eastern . 
  if they speak dutch i consider them to be dutch . 
  even though alot of immigrant people my age like to identify themselves as whatever country their parents of grandparents came from . 
  i 've stopped considering someone like a dutch person who says he 's turkish or moroccan or whatever other country because they seem to take insult to being called dutch . 
  every country is unique and different with different culture and rules and imo it should stay that way . 
  it 's a link that makes sense in my mind . 
  also because there have been no signs of him being a bad father . 
  everytime i hear swedish it sounds familiar and i feel like i should know exactly what you 're saying but i ca n't understand shit . 
  it feels similar to dutch . 
  netherlands - rutte germany - merkel ez pz, 
  just curious ... why do you think he 's a horrendous father ? 
  honestly looking at his kids i think they 're very behaved especially if you consider who their father is . 
  all of them either do n't care about religion or do n't like religion . 
  the only religious people i know are muslims . 
  he means to ban korans and close islamic schools and mosques , not ban muslims or being a muslim . 
  maybe he 's just afraid the us will get dragged into a migrant crisis like europe is and is trying to avoid this by voting trump who does n't look like he 's willing to take in any muslims refugees . 
  he obviously does not fully understand what is happening in europe other than the fact we have problems , which we definitly do . 
  depends , are you exceptional in any way and want a shitty wage ? 
  i could do with a personal assistant . 
  kinder eggs : , 
  i do n't really consider any of these countries to be european . 
  that 's fucking dumb . 
  is italy trying to appease businesses or something by offering them free labor ? 
  i ca n't see how this helps a student in any way . 
  it sets them back in their education and it limits their chances of finding an actual job . 
  and it 's not like businesses like mcdonalds give you any useful job experience . 
  i 'd say alot of them work but out of choice , not by force . 
  it 's because they want to earn a bit of money .
