  they should tell them that it 's not healthy but if they want to continue drinking , let them do so . 
  it 's their life and they can do with that what they want . 
  counter question . 
  how does having the whole african continent murdered affect your life on a everyday basis , and how would it be solved by not having them ? 
  see , it does n't matter if it affects you , it matters if it affects someone . 
  there 's no problem with giving criticism as long as you are constructive but telling someone to `` go fuck themselves '' is not appropriate . 
  ca n't be celsius then , most likely kelvin or fahrenheit . 
  ~ ~ bread alone usually is pretty healthy except for the white bread which is the bog of breads . 
  it depends on what you put on top of it . 
  if it 's only nutella , cheese ( which from what i 've heard sucks in the us ) or meat it 's no surprise you do n't lose weigth . ~ ~, 
  / r/schland, 
  we have the same thing in school except sometimes our clocks are not correct and we accidentally 10 minutes early . 
  on german radio they said that the driver was talking on his phone but they do n't have any evidence either . 
  just got a new king , 2 groups of people and multiple languages , capitol of eu ( kinda ) . 
  they are in the south of the netherlands , to the west of germany and north of france . 
  their football team has been pretty good recently . 
  i could imagine that many pupils just said they were students because it 's the best option for them/us . 
  completely agree with you . 
  if someone wants firearms , someone will produce them . 
  and if that 's the case you might as well take part in the buisness and get to decide who gets what . 
  they are monotoring people ( pretty much all of us ) and just use whatever they write on the internet as a reason to get in contact with them . 
  they do n't even try to hide the fact anymore that they actually know everything we do . 
  good luck to both organizations that this will succeed !, 
  look forward to getting this planet populated even if it 's just by robots . 
  you 'd think they get their drums and tell everyone that they want to make this country a better place for everyone . 
  guess what they do : nothing . 
  and usually that 's not how you gain people 's attention or even their votes . 
  but do n't get the new opera !, 
  it 's basically chrome without its features and without opera 's original features . 
  the old version still works fine . 
  i know , but there are more people who answered in german than people who were asked from germany . 
  i 'd be interested in why so many people answered in german . 
  was it their native language or were they consciously switching to german because of certain questions ? 
  overall a very nice survey , thanks for posting this . 
  or merkel . 
  such is capitalism . 
  get out of here with your damn logical thinking !, 
  they are called native americans now , indian is an outdated term . 
  kill everyone else . 
  edit : after some thoughts , let 's not do that . 
  you should check out the recent protests in istanbul and other turkish cities . 
  at first it was about a park being replaced by a shopping mall and then it started to be about the politics in general ( from what i 've heard ) . 
  getting a job usually fixes your issue . 
  not yet . 
  estonia is part of the bal ~ ~ kans ~ ~ tics and wants to join the nordic ~ ~ union ~ ~ council ( or something like that ) . 
  their capital is talinn and they have a very good it-field . 
  in my case i was taught both american and british english in elementary school , both again for two years on realschule and both at the gymnasium where i still am at the moment . 
  in school we were tought british english , but the teacher often explained that there is a different version like color and colour and s/he explained which version belonged to which `` accent '' . 
  in the end most students use a mixed version of both , usually using the words which are the easiest to remember . 
  well they certainly are not cities . 
  let 's just hope that it does n't end up like the elbphilharmonie in hamburg . 
  i 'm rather disappointed that they did n't name themselves `` vikings '' instead of `` pirates '' . 
  but i wish them all my luck and hope they can achieve something and not end up like the german pirates ... . 
  you should not confuse stupidness with manliness . 
  damn finns , fucking up our chart . 
  go somewhere else with your high quality education and all that social stuff !, 
  sambal oelek is nice as well !, 
  but may i ask , what does siracha taste like except for `` hot '' ? 
  i 'm living in nrw ( northrhine-westphalia ) , very close to the border to niedersachsen ( lower saxony ) . 
  they are probably like in most contries . 
  hard drugs , weed , ect . 
  are practically illegal . 
  but i 've also heard from police officers that really do n't care if you smoke pot as long as you do n't damage other people . 
  and these rules are n't really enforced in general because for example i would be able to get weed within a day even though i only have 1 real friend and live in a rather small town ( 30k ) when i was only 14 years old . 
  that 's awesome !, 
  keep fucking with russia , neighbors !, 
  hopefully we 'll start to do the same soon ... , 
  well why did n't the areas that speak german as well ( parts of switzerland , parts of austria , and parts of the benelux states join the german union as well ? 
  but today is a pretty good day sunshinewise and the temperatures are okay as well , the forecast even says that the weather is going go up to around 15 \u00b0 c which is very nice . 
  i hate house shoes . 
  walking around the house barefoot at any given time is awesome and i do n't want to miss that feeling . 
  never bothered watching it , just does n't interest me . 
  but aside from these two , i can confirm every other point . 
  i 'd prefer this car . 
  you could put your kids into this extra glass box and wo n't even have to deal with them having to pee . 
  i 'm completely aware of the earthquake and the tsunami , but still , if i would imagine the same thing happen to chernobyl back then , i would have to say they probably would have managed it way worse and japan ( or the company ) were better at such a situation . 
  may you explain why fukushima was handled worse ? 
  i mean , the ussr send many men there doing stuff on top of the building without actually telling them what is going on . 
  and in fukushima , the people knew what was going on and did it because they wanted to ( from what i heard ) . 
  wow , this took really long until i understood this joke hint : mali is not mail !, 
  he is going to stare you back into the eu !, 
  i really like that they included europe riding zeus !, 
  gives it a nice touch . 
  and the overall map looks awesome as well . 
  you could ask this over in / r/mindcrack , a community around and about let 's players . 
  and i do n't really watch the videos most of the time . 
  they act more like a podcast for me while i play myself . 
  but if i watch a video it 's mostly minecraft because when i see them play , it 's totally different compared to when i play . 
  well he does n't only film it and bang !, 
  it 's on the internet . 
  he has to cut it all and make it better which takes quite some time from what i 've heard . 
  / r/germany is no longer the official german subreddit , / r/de is . 
  i 'm surprised of turkey . 
  can someone explain why their unemployment rate is so low ? 
  i always expected it to be low there because many are/were coming to western europe . 
  if you 'd deliver newspaper you ' r realize that many people , especially older ones , buy them . 
  and atleast in my region , we have a free newspaper for everyone that earns its money with advertisments . 
  why that ? 
  do you agree with his politics or just want him because of his tatoos ? 
  hey , you seem to be simply watching the wrong channels !,
