i came here to watch norwegian sailors returning home , and you are talking about how isreal is the military superior of europe . 
  what ? 
  why ? 
  how ? 
  it is n't stockholm either , but here we are . 
   trump thing you mean saudi-arabia ? 
  they have money and influence in the us sadly , nobody can ignore or deny that . 
  sad !, 
   former admins you mean obama , the nobel peace prize winner , who droned half the world and then stressed just how important an ally saudi-arabia is to the us . 
   islam ca n't believe i 'm saying this , but not all of them are like that , only 70 % or so :d . france takes in anybody from the former colonies who can speak french . 
  algerians are swarming there , industrial leaders are all too happy with this because , hey cheap work force . 
  germany wants to show the world how nett und tolerant they are , because merkel fears bad press . 
  no , what angers me is there was no `` filtration '' in regards with immigration , islamic or otherwise . 
  this continent just continues to self-flagellate because muh colonialism and past ebil empires . 
  they just took in a lot of people from vastly different background and in such numbers that the creation of ethnic ghettos were inevitable , not to mention there was no plan to integrate them , `` they will go home eventually '' . 
  migration is increasing due to rising population and global warming . 
  and there will come a time when europe will have enough , and then ... you can have three guess what happens next . 
  edit : formatting, 
  diversity-san and multiculti-kun . 
  i do n't hate islam tbh famalam , because it has few peaceful branches . 
  what is cancerous is wahhabi sect , which is heavily mixes it with arab tribal culture , and is propped up by the rich saudis because the politicians sure love them oil monies . 
  i have zero issues with my doctor from iran , or the turkish owner of the kebab restaurant . 
  they also do n't beat their wives , let their daughters dress however they want . 
  an increasing minority nowadays . 
  but hey , saudi-arabia is a trusted western ally , believe me !, 
  edit : word, 
  nothing like that happened in budapest so far , but i just ca n't figure out why ... must be the ghoulash . 
  wait , you do n't ? 
  :d i 'll even donate them money if they fuck off for good . 
  i grew in the poorest , most agrarian part of hungary . 
  my town has a 20 % gypsy minority . 
  i love it when western europeans get smug about how eastern europeans treat the gypsies . 
  i want to offer you a challenge : i invite you to my town 's gypsy ghetto . 
  based on how long you can survive , the more left i 'll vote . 
  care to try that , mate ? 
  he was just french . 
  * do n't bully pl0x *, 
  agreed . 
  rest in peace . 
  most of them already hate europeans , they are only here for the gibsmedats . 
  poor frenchmen ca n't catch a break ... 
  the gypsies never integrated and never will despite living here since the 15th century . 
  because someone has to clean their toilets and work on the fields for shit money . 
  communism has never been tried properly !, 
  * something something holodomor *, 
  remember , no zoroastrianism . 
  being smart is very relative . 
   who said it , you ? 
  yes , i am the real-life frank underwood . 
  fear me !, 
  trying to apply logic to human behaviour fails from time to time . 
  our ability to hold conflicting opinion is interesting , scary and ultimately resulted in countless atrocities and unholy unions . 
  i wish i was kidding . 
  you would n't be able to tell her sexual orientation because she is `` girly '' . 
  she is an avid commenter on kurucinfo , and a jobbik fan . 
  the irony is apperently lost on her . 
  edit : clarification, 
  i had a lesbian schoolmate who worshipped hitler . 
  such is life in eastern europe . 
  thanks for the greek myths , epics , philosophy and history . 
  perseus was my childhood hero . 
   and honestly , whenever somebody from eastern europe screams at germans not being particulary fazed about the refugee situation , it feels like they are just mad germany didnt spend those billions on them . 
  you are not our rich uncle , you do n't owe us or have to give us anything . 
  the cohesion funds are just little more than barganing chips . 
  i am just displeased and irritated that you blow away 20bn euro on an ultimately useless endeavour . 
   germany can spend 20b a year for people that arent worth anything to us and it doesnt hurt us in any way . 
  instead of investing it in artificial intelligence , infrastucture , affordable housing , renewable energy , medical technology , military research , you blow away money because `` oh well , what can you do '' . 
  if a mosquito sucks your blood , instead of swating it , you let it even though it will itch like hell later . 
  flawless fucking logic you got there . 
   should we go back to the otomam empire , send newborns to be trained in the turkish military , so they can come back and murder us from time to time ? 
  or should we join the glorious putin 's federation ? 
  i love bulgarian posters :d, 
  if the crisis of 2015 taught me one thing it was that countries shitted on each other and the general sentiment was : `` screw everybody but me '' . 
  if hungary , with a population of 10 million and with a marginal economy was able to play germany , the world 's fourth largest economy with 80 million people during the refugee crisis , well then it says a lot about the german goverment . 
  edit : grammar correction, 
   just to become vassals of the soviet union the gall ... 78 years ago your nation started a war which devastated eastern europe , millions of citizens died , you sucked the land dry , and enabled a system that affected us to this very day . 
  do n't misunderstand , i bear no hatred towards the germans of now , but it is part your history and it shaped both you and us in very different ways . 
  patriotism is one of the things that remained for us , if you want to throw it away that is your decision , but do n't expect us to blindly follow . 
  i do n't know , my soul feels breddy gud . 
   white privilige you know , there is an entire continent filled with people rich in melanin . 
  if you move there , you do n't have to suffer from dem rayciss whitey opresshun . 
  top notch bait . 
  honour killings , acid attacks , forced to wear the nazg\u00fbl clothing , ca n't go out to the street without supervision , women ca n't drive in saudi arabia ... 
  i 've encountered arab students from oil rich countries at the university . 
  i have never seen a more moronic , lazy , arrogant , hypocritical and hedonistic people before or after . 
  they treat women like a piece of meat , with all that implies . 
  sad !, 
  there is a wonderful saying : speech is silver , but silence is golden . 
  he only got to the first part yet . 
  also as i understand , he is trying to tip the incoming turkish referendum to his favor , because currently he is losing . 
  you are completely right . 
  i slap and choke my girlfriend daily , but only if she asks . 
  i do . 
  will do !, 
  you watched logan too many times dude . 
  :d edit : a word, 
  on a side note : your language , culture , art , history and country seems really interesting to me . 
  a small nation , yet the second biggest agricultural exporter , rotterdam was rebuilt from nothing and became the largest port in europe and the tenth largest in the world . 
  you reclaim and lose land to the see ; `` god made the world , but the dutch made the netherlands '' indeed . 
  fascinating .
