  thanks for the reply . 
  from what i read the d66 and the groenlinks are ideologically antagonistic with the cda . 
  so yeah , that indeed will be an interesting coalition . 
  the d66 wants to reduce the monarchy to a ceremonial status , what 's up with that ? 
  how did captain peroxyde performe so badly ? 
  other dutch redditors wrote that their ( the pvv ) support always erodes during the election , but they still performed way worse than i anticipated . 
  what are the possible coalition formations in the tweede kamer now ? 
  they look cool though , r/europe 's favourite american ambassador . 
   bros friendship ended with austria now romania is my best friend, 
  drink tatratea , it 's awesome . 
  i was referring to our rather colourful history . 
  edit : no bad blood , just pointing out the irony . 
  b u d a p e s t u d a p e s t, 
  funny how things change . 
  upper hungarian humour is getting better every day . 
  we could send a couple million gypsies if you like `` brown people '' so much . 
  you want to see diversity lad ? 
  come to the eastern part of hungary and i 'll show you some gypsy ghettos . 
  spend 30 minutes in there and you 'll be voting for the far-right faster than you can say uncle adolf . 
  also you can take the funds and sleep with them for all i care , because both your and our politicians benefit from them , not the general populace . 
  the use of the cohesion funds are set up in a way that they can only be done by large , eu-approved companies . 
  guess who owns those companies ? 
  i really regret joining the eu now . 
  because nothing gets under my skin more then the inhabitants of some former western colonial power , who owned and raped half of the world not a century ago lectures us about solidarity and human right . 
  you lot are so arrogant and heavy-handed that it makes my stomach turn . 
  kick us out , deport the * ostblock * workers , cut the funding . 
  a lot of talented people migrated to the west , who could help our little countries . 
  just stay quiet and enjoy the ** diversity and multicultural enrichment ** in silence . 
  please and thank you . 
  edit : grammar, 
  no , i am megatron . 
  what is bad and what is good is varies from culture to culture . 
  that is part of the reason why europe responds in a reactionary way to mass immigration . 
  human morality is very malleable , it changed much throughout the ages . 
  and i used islamophobia with irony . 
  edit : word, 
  i do have a problem with it because if i see two people of same sex displaying affection towards each other it makes me sick and disgusted . 
  they have the same rights as normal people , except marriage and adoption . 
  i am perfectly content letting them live in incognito . 
  why would i condemn the muslims citizens of chechnya , tt is their culture and they have the right for self-determination . 
  surely , you do n't want to be islamphobic , do n't you ? 
  why has western europe such a hard on for homosexual `` rights '' , i 'll never understand ... 
  it seems like a competition of virtue signalling ; look at me i 'm so tolerant lmao . 
  if you support the rights of deviants , you are a rational , compassionate human being who deserves a pat on the back . 
  if you do n't , you are a dangerous right wing fundamentalist who is also a despicable human being . 
  the latter counts as agenda pushing , the former is not . 
  shadilay brother, 
  [ repent ] ( http://2static.fjcdn.com/pictures/i_648d25_6048887.jpg ), 
  it is still true though . 
  everyone i do n't like is literally hitler . 
  i bet after they went home they preached about the oppressive swedish patriarchy . 
  his whining angers me . 
  always demanding , never a moment of self-criticism . 
  i allow you to exist . 
  but do so on your own country . 
   also the best way to encourage integration is to be welcome , not treat people like leeches or scum , that 's how you radicalize them . 
  bend over if you like , i have no such desire to do so for the `` new europeans '' . 
   liberal muslim, 
  bless the maker and his water . 
  bless the coming and going of him . 
  may his passage cleanse the world . 
  may he keep the world for his people . 
  psst kids , wan na buy some second renaissance ? 
  and if one of them is really an ex-taliban , then what ? 
  also you accept '' '' '' '' `` asylum seekers '' '' '' '' from afghanistan ? 
  want to see racism ? 
  go to germany as an eastern european , you will be treated like a second-class citizen . 
  they like to remind us that without eu monies we are a shithole , how much they changed , how awesome they are yada yada . 
  hmm how about this , you keep complaining about our lack of solidarity , meanwhile my girlfriend gets home safe from a christmas market place , or from a concert , or from a shopping mall , or does n't get raped . 
  2015 : fl\u00fcchtlinge wilkommen , eastern europeans are racist , they will be good for europe , all of them are fleeing from the war , rocket doctors hurr durr . 
  2017 : taliban fighters may have entered germany . 
  whoops indeed . 
  the us was mainly based on european immigration . 
  do you really think that blacks made the america of today ? 
  they do n't stay for long in hungary either , not enough gibsmedats . 
  no reason to get angry , thank god you are not a destination country . 
  i 'm poor . 
  pay my rent pls . 
  that 's were you are wrong kiddo . 
  yeah , i know ... 
  if my options are two choose from two evils , i 'd rather not choose at all . 
  seems more like a colossal fuck-up rather than outright malevolence . 
  and it was probably cheaper than the google alternative . 
  i want all three to fuck off and leave us alone tbh . 
  at least * with russians you know where you stand . 
  westerners come at you with a smile on their faces and a knife behind their backs . 
  and my opinion : does n't matter if you open your legs for 30 $ or 3000 $ , in the end you 're still a whore . 
  * edited word, 
  because sucking the us or the eu dick is a-okay . 
  but the damn ruskys are ebil . 
  i wonder how much of our data the germans , french or brits collect , or how much we do it to the surronding countries . 
  well did he ? 
  [ wtf ] ( http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/925/931/557.jpg ), 
  but the scientific method was created by humans , as was the bible or the koran , or the bhagavad gita . 
  humans are quite irrational beings . 
  we may not appear as one , but just scratch the surface ... how would you describe hairstyles for example rationally ? 
  because from a medical point of view it is a potential hotbed for parasites , yet it also protects the skin . 
  but humans made it a fashion accessory , we colour and cut it to feel unique or to stand out . 
  is it logical behaviour ? 
  nothing is viewed purely rationally and objectively in this world , bias and manipulation occurs ever-so-often even when science is applied .
