  now please shitpost somewhere else , thank you . 
  you might want to look up dunning kruger effect . 
  it 's not that hard but it costs quite a bit and takes some time . 
  some people already struggle to come by and have other priorities . 
  only to have sarkozy or le pen do the same thing over . 
  i 'm leaving for the uk this summer , hopefully . 
  the hdr is strong with this one . 
  but it looks cool . 
  the austrian white blob is expanding out of control, 
  the english has they . 
  yet people use `` xe '' or other nonsensical made up pronouns . 
  thank you based pierogi, 
  yeah , however this disable achievements . 
  i see no horrible mountains to ruin the map , thus eu3 . 
  should the plague resurface now , these cities would be the most severely hit . 
  means justify ends . 
  that or intense mental gymnastics coupled with lack of consistency . 
  looks like a typical eu3 game to me . 
  looks like a half-life level , hnng, 
  tl ; dr only in russia, 
  op , you are an animal . 
  if this boat sinks , who is saved ? 
  europe, 
  romas , jews , arabs , mostly . 
  probably the uk , unless ukip gets elected . 
  her total lack of class would make her a perfect marxist utopia . 
  do you expect people to actually do their research before mindlessly repeating the latest buzzwords ? 
  that 's how it 's spelt in france . 
  or do n't , in case it works . 
  ever heard of banter ? 
  accident of history , nothing more . 
  i bask in the glory of the french language . 
  touching my knob brings good fortune too . 
  source : i 'm lucky, 
  well she got there because of her name , not credentials . 
  she 's too young , lacks experience and is overall a symptomatic case of the cancer ruining french politics . 
  certainly not the usa , even if we disregard the fact national debts does n't work like that . 
  even though , good luck dealing with the badboy score , coring the province and the stability hit . 
  i 'm pragmatic . 
  i 've seen it happen time and again in a lot of countries , including the us and mine . 
  i do n't think we should give up , but crack down on corporate corruption and lobbying . 
  not going to happen anytime soon because the fox wo n't lock himself out of the hen house , as we say in french . 
  well , from what i 've seen , corporate lobbying is the way free market handles those regulations , not observing them . 
  but then it 's not free market , is it ? 
  free market does n't give a fuck if we end up suffocating in a beijing tier fog of fine particles if it means more billions to the happy few . 
  well that is a creative way to explain it , i 'll give you that . 
  poor workers with macjobs , increasing wealth disparity and decreased wealth repartition ? 
  not at all . 
  the specific implementation for a consistent fiscal policy can be designed together . 
  the thread of leaving is in case other countries do n't let us have this . 
  sure . 
  muslim views on homosexuals are revolting . 
  there were 2 out of 8 when the comment was made . 
  it does really make me think ... 
   now very few people are full-blown marxists , maybe they only sympathize with some of marx 's ideas or they consider themselves less radical but in a sense that means the ideology is alive and well on the collective level . 
  i 'm so glad to read these words . 
   the main point , of course , is that the marxist ideas are incredibly dangerous and harmful yet there still exists so many apologists how come ? 
  i 'm genuinely curious . 
  if such theories are so harmful , they 'd be quite easily debunked and surely no self-respecting academics would bother with them , would they ? 
  so besides semantics , what point were you even trying to make ? 
  i 'm sorry but i believe `` neoliberalism '' is an actual word used by [ eminent professors ] ( https://blog.mondediplo.net/2015-07-07-le-crepuscule-d-une-epoque ) , it is definitely a thing . 
  `` neo '' does n't mean bad , it just means `` new '' , as in `` again '' . 
  you see a lot of people calling themselves , it 's not derogatory either , just a consistent set of political theories and movement generally favorable towards reducing the state as much as possible while granting more and more economic concessions to individual interests . 
  there is not a single atom of opinion in my previous statement . 
  liberalism is a 17-18th century philosophical movement french philosophers like voltaire or rousseau built , it has very little to do with international finance . 
  i 've been to a single rally in my life , the one that was in rennes a week or two ago . 
  mainly to see people there since i 'm not a huge fan of the man himself as much as i am of his philosophical school of thought . 
  anyway , i remembered the media barely reported anything , or singled out quotes out of context to warp the public perception of the man . 
  it 's not even a conspiracy theory , if you can commit 2 hours of your life to a speech , you do n't even have to agree with it , just consider what points are made , right or wrong , then compare with the boldened quotes in the newspapers . 
  you 'll notice quite the discrepancy . 
  now , i 'll agree with you it definitely is n't as much as it used to be . 
  m\u00e9lenchon used to be extremely agressive towards journalists and nowadays he 's much more courteous and so are they , as evidenced in the later days . 
  but this is part of his marketing plan for this campaign , as much as i dislike the very idea of political marketing . 
  well that 's his own line . 
  to be more blunt , it 's because the media is constantly trying to downplay him as an outsider so he has to go at great lengths to make sure they have to talk about him . 
  well yeah , his great feat was indeed winning the battle against titans . 
  however in the typical greek day to day life , he was more of a holy father figure . 
  theology-wise , he definitely has supremacy over others from that fact . 
   there is no such thing as `` neoliberalism '' btw that is a made up pejorative term in practice synonymous with `` too liberal '' . 
  not at all . 
  it 's just a shorter way to see `` liberalism but not as in the 17th century philosophical movement , you know , how reagan and thatcher advocated we should have our states work '' . 
  it 's all about state deregulation , corporate interests and high levels of collusions between statesmen , wealthy individuals and medias . 
  all of the which can be proven quite easily , at least in the french context which is the only one i am able to talk about with absolute certainty . 
   his authority comes from killing his father and the other titan 's , not from being a patriarch . 
  is n't it more of a faith that built as a syncretism of various local legends and gods mantling other gods ( ath\u00e9na nik\u00e9 / ath\u00e9na pr\u00f3makhos etc. ), 
  and in such , various patriarcal gods fused into the single figure of zeus ? 
  what i mean is religion here is a catalyst , not a cause . 
  it 's just a nucleation point for tensions to crystallise into isis . 
  but it 's not the underlying cause , should islam be contained in a single properous state with high education ( like iran , turkey or lebanon used to be ) , there would be no islamic terrorism , i absolutely guarantee you . 
  but imperialism changes things around . 
  brother of hades and poseidon , for males . 
  females are not as important in ancient greek culture but he was also brother to demeter and juno . 
  he had wayyy more olympian children though : * dionysos * ares * athena * apollo * artemis * hephaistus * hermes * most heroes * a bunch of minor deities, 
   a little bit of economic trouble i 'm not sure you understand the despair of the poorest in even richer countries like france . 
  when some dude over youtube promises you untold riches by showing you wads of cash , waving a cool gun , making you promises of many wives and children and fighting for something worth believing in , it does n't take a genius to see the appeal for naive frustrated young men living in commieblocks who have no future to look forward to but mediocrity and social welfare ( so below poverty level ) . 
  you never see that kind of behaviour in any well-off homes following the same faith . 
  right . 
  because people who rule us are n't . 
  collapse in moral values ? 
  despair seeing they have no future ?
