  looking for identity in bleak economic times ? 
  promises of absurd wealth and easy sex ? 
  and i 'd say it 's more about the collapse of the iraqi state , regional powers trying to pull strings in their general direction ( iran , egypt , turkey ) and the usa/russian federation trying to keep the balance in favour of their interests . 
  obviously my explanation explains just about everything and allows us to see the strategic forces in presence but it is a bit more convoluted and elaborate than `` muslims bad terrorists '', 
  then perhaps we should look and learn what caused isis to rise instead of wishing really , really strongly it never happened ? 
  sure . 
  but it 's not exactly a contest . 
  the overwhelmingly large majority of muslims are absolutely boring and normal people . 
  i regret them as much as i regret any religious belief , if that is what you mean . 
  i suspect it 's not , however . 
  my point is i see his point . 
  there is no such thing . 
  some ideologies are more subtle than others . 
  not sure about you but i definitely see the point he 's making . 
  tons of people do n't give a fuck about lgbt people unless they can be used for dramatic effect to condemn muslim people as a whole . 
  no , i totally agree with you . 
  but the intended target just are n't you and i. 
  it 's random people you could meet in the street . 
  m\u00e9lechon 's goal is to separate the finance from the state , which would eventually lead to the destruction of the spectacle . 
   making a policy coherent and consistent is what i consider to be a baseline , not some miraculous thing that should make it free from ridicule yet neoliberalism is rife with theoretical contradictions and practical disasters . 
  i 'm not quite sure you apply your own `` rules '' when it comes to your ideology . 
   i lived through the socialist poland , and honestly : fuck it you lived through a non-capitalist totalitarism . 
  do you genuinely think socialism is about having a single party owning everything ? 
  if anything , it 's the end for political parties and centralized states . 
  a lot of countries claimed they were socialist or communist , china still does for instance but they have a market-based economy and a parasitic state that took the mantle of capitalists/bourgeois . 
  i urge you to read secondary or even tertiary sources that explain marx , bakunin or kropotkine 's thought and you 'll see there is very little to do there with stalin or mao . 
  well `` socialist '' does n't mean anything anymore neither does `` progressist '' . 
  i probably should 've used left-wing but others also claim that title . 
  so i settled for leftist because it 's the first thing that came to mind ( not communist or anticapitalist since these are arthaud or poutou ), 
   pro french-only protectionism i did n't really get that vibe at all . 
  if we had neighbours leading similar policies ( strict environmental and advanced social policies and a very high level of democracy ) , m\u00e9lenchon would n't have any issue trading with them . 
  the problem is the lion 's share going towards private interests who typically do n't give a fuck about citizens or the environment , simply because they would make more money otherwise . 
  i know debord 's thought and the gist of situationism . 
  but i mean you need the people to support you , if you want to actually lead progressist anticapitalist policies . 
  visibility is the key in bourgeois republics where medias get to choose who is seen and who is n't . 
  the poll is n't my point . 
  polls are total bs anyway . 
  what is interesting is he powered through the glass ceiling of credibility . 
  he went from a minor politic to a force to be reckoned with that could very well end up in a second round . 
  the single fact you 're trying to ridicule such a perfectly consistent political view is concerning . 
  rising in spite of the media 's silence !, 
  to beat the spectacle , you need the spectators to follow you . 
  indeed . 
  on a more general note , macron almost always agrees . 
  a democracy is only as good as its people is educated . 
  i thought we were discussing ideas . 
  m\u00e9lenchon is very much following chantal mouffe 's theses that definitely are closer to the traditional definition of radical left than the prg as well as being significant in the grand electoral scheme . 
  holograms are cool as fuck though . 
  it 's also a way to showcase his ambition for high-tech and french excellence . 
  thought we were talking about temujin 's mongolia . 
  how is m\u00e9lenchon centrist ? 
  surely having germany bullying the shit out of poorer countries is a great foundation for a strong and united europe . 
  do you even know how much does tax evasion cost to european countries ? 
  none of them are truly outsiders , definitely underdogs though . 
  but i agree it 's fantastic to see historical parties turned irrelevant . 
  well , i do not hide behind a false pretense of objectivity . 
  there 's no such thing anyway . 
  there may be more than a single opinion in france , i personally never supported these policies in any way . 
  he 's not a nationalist but thinks the french people should ultimately decide for themselves . 
  this also means kicking corporate interests from state institutions . 
  they were relevant in the european scene in the 13th century , they almost took over the remainder of western europe before genghis khan died . 
  also you ca n't exactly compare an admnistrative state like the ottoman empire to a nomad horde . 
  automated, 
  zeus was the father of the gods worshipped by a society where the ultimate power is the king/father of the family . 
  it 's simple as that . 
  but asia did get more british . 
  see hong-kong or singapore . 
  the ottoman empire was relevant in europe , had european allies and enemies , had massive swathes of european land and people under its direct control , with consequences we all know , it 's not outlandish to think they were a player in europe . 
  maybe not an european player ( although many high-ranking viziers were from european dhimmi states ) but that hardly matters in history before nationalism was a thing . 
  do you have anything specific in mind ? 
   do you think that if he wins and starts to ask for reform and gets denied he will actually leave the eu ? 
  i do n't know . 
  i hope he does because it 's the only way for him to be taken seriously . 
  hopefully he 'll have the guts many other movements lacked . 
   i cant imagine anyone but the left alliance and greens in the european parlament who would vote in agreement of reforming the neoliberal status of the union . 
  thats 103 votes out of 750 . 
  yeah well , fighting against international finance is an uphill battle because institutions were designed and are currently held by a majority of neoliberals . 
  remaining idle is impossible however . 
  an empire that stretches nearly to vienna and encompasses hungary , moldavia , wallachia , the balkans and greece is somewhat european , ca n't really argue against that . 
  of course it was generally developped around the mediterranean sea and the middle-east but they had a very significant part of europe under their direct control . 
  well , that makes her a demagogue , i think we 'll all agree about this part . 
  what i meant is the fn did change its political line to be more relevant and that involved making claims of being concerned about social issues . 
  we all know their actual intent though . 
  the ottoman empire was another story . 
  some governments are just neoliberal at heart . 
  m\u00e9lenchon just wants to be able to start negociations , he does n't even want to force a policy down everybody 's throat . 
  but if the main objective can not be reached , france may have to leave the ue to its own devices ( and i ca n't imagine the ue lasting long without france or on its current course , see the greece debacle ), 
   why is that ? 
  because we 'd need the approval of all countries if we even take the decision to reform the european fiscal policy . 
  and i ca n't imagine germany/luxemburg/ireland or scandinavian countries agreeing to that . 
  the thing is eu institutions make it technically impossible to apply those needed reforms . 
  we ca n't just let our economy bleed out in tax havens , not if we want to edict strong social policies . 
  thus the threat , unfortunately . 
  nobody here wants it to come down to that but if we have to , sure , we will . 
  maybe even create our own eu ~ ~ with blackjack and hookers ~ ~ with social interests before corporate or ultra-wealthy ones . 
  well i summed up his stance on the debate but our medias only spout that he 's some kind of rabid populist who wants to see the eu burn , what do you know ... 
  not really . 
  he wants to renegociate treaties like the lisboa treaty ( the french people voted against ) that guarantees `` exotic '' fiscal systems like ireland or luxemburg , that are used by the largest companies to pay little to no taxes . 
  his argument is that if we ca n't get what we want , we 'll threaten to leave the eu because the eu can not exist without france because we occupy such a central , historical and economic position . 
  which is why honestly i 'm not even opposed to france spearheading a new ue that will guarantee free circulation of people , tourists , science , researchers etc but wo n't be designed to make tax fraud easier while keeping people in poverty while we are the strongest economic power in the world together .
