  it was cute when spain or greece tried to challenge brussels but france is fighting in a different category altogether . 
  it 's what they 're saying but it 's definitely fanaticism and trust . 
  much like older people still genuinely 100 % believe fillon is innocent ( and will vote for him no matter what ) , it 's misguided trust , but trust nonetheless , based on ignorance if you want but if you stay pragmatic and look at the current situation , her interests are fine ( albeit slowly declining recently ), 
  yes , i agree with you , she 's a demagogue who is n't afraid to shake the political line of the party if it gets her better odds to win . 
  in that way she 's smart and has the authority to pull it off within her ranks . 
  for instance , someone like fillon or hamon definitely does n't have the same level of political skill . 
  i 'm not saying being a demagogue is hard , i 'm saying being able to pull it off while steering clear of authorities during the campaign when you 're embezzling millions definitely takes skill . 
  fillon does n't have the same level of skill . 
  basically a lot of the fn voters are fanatics who do n't care about those corruption news , but i 'm genuinely convinced she built up that trust over the years . 
  look , i 'm not out to sing her praises but i think it 's a bit easy to entirely dismiss her entirely as a demagogue , keep in mind how uneducated the average french voter is , politically . 
  i 'm genuinely think she 's a very pragmatic woman and does n't even believe in most of what she says since it 's so easily debunked . 
  she even makes good points sometimes ( but rarely ever came up with them ) . 
  but she 's sitting on a machine that steals ( european ) taxpayer funds at an incredibly effective rate and is very close to actually seizing power so she does whatever is in her power to remain relevant . 
   i do n't think that makes one smart , just two-faced . 
  meh , we have dumb two-faced politicians too , i do n't believe le pen is one of them . 
  she 's definitely smarter than fillon or hamon and knows how to properly manage her troops . 
  however there are internal tensions and i 'd be delighted to see her party split up after her inevitable defeat but there 's just too much money involved . 
  marine did reuse quite a fair bit of traditionally leftist ideas ( skepticism towards finance , national sovereignty etc ) so she 's kind of that weird reactionary patchwork with random bits taken from other ideas . 
  she 's a very smart woman who does n't mind borrowind from others if it 's effective ( and is funded by moscow/eu-wide organised fraud ) . 
  fun facts you may not have heard about : * our typical major parties are being absolutely destroyed by outsiders ( the three candidates that are ahead are emmanuel macron ( economical liberalism ) , marine le pen ( far-right ) and jean-luc m\u00e9lenchon ( radical left ) . 
  candidates hamon ( parti socialiste ) and fillon ( les r\u00e9publicains ) might as well not be in the race altogether * jean-luc m\u00e9lenchon is on a massive upwards trend ( +7 % in polls in just about two months ) * scores are extremely close ( 24 % for le pen , 24 % for macron , 18 % for m\u00e9lenchon ) * a lot of people are supporting macron for no other reason than `` he 's our best bet to beat marine '' so it 's not very risky to believe a part of his electorate could defect in the hypothesis of a strong m\u00e9lenchon * this campaign has been choke-full of plot twists ( collapse of our labour party , conservative candidate ridiculed for fraud and got told by a car mechanic on national tv ) * jean-luc m\u00e9lenchon built his program much earlier than others through a democratic process ( asking people what their problems really were ) and puts environmental issues at the very heart of its campaign and ideas , even moreso than our ecologist party which eventually flocked to hamon . 
  we actually somehow manage to get more and more backwards . 
  hurt feelings much ? 
  sounds like a very healthy basis for any political opinion . 
  `` let me tell you about your country ... '' your poll is bollocks . 
  any french person knows she has < 5 % chance to win the presidency . 
  this is just propaganda , not very convincing even . 
  asking for that to the wrong person could get you jailed though . 
  i 'm sure he had an earpiece , yes . 
  yeah but i believe the point was to be live in both instances . 
  also many times he had to stop for a minute or two because of how much the crowd was cheering , something you ca n't really predict when making the speech . 
  i read that 400k figure online but i do not use facebook myself so i have no way to confirm it . 
  if someone would look it up , i 'd be happy to edit the figure out if it was wrong . 
  the whole speech was about an hour and forty minutes , 45k live viewers on youtube , about 400k on facebook , both rooms completely full , yet all you hear about in foreign media is about macron and le pen . 
  jupp\u00e9 already is a criminal who ran away from justice . 
   he 'll die without having ever held an important position anywhere lol  european representative  member of the french senate  minister of education yeah , clearly a nobody . 
  keep projecting your ideology though , perhaps it will eventually be true if you repeat it enough ? 
  he announced it in 2012 too . 
  only a fool trusts this bastard 's word . 
  the peasants were n't actually in charge , you even get quotes from the `` founding fathers '' stating they sure do n't want the mob to actually be ruling . 
  the french revolution was basically the bourgeoisie getting richer much faster than the aristocrats who typically had land and castles , wealth that does n't really move much whilst trade and production typically involves more growth . 
  so the bourgeoisie basically overthrows the king and places itself as the new ruler , through bourgeois democracy ( only men vote , have to pay a lump sum to actually pay , worth three days of work for a peasant ) . 
  then napoleon arrived and pushed some cool institutional stuff and a bunch of a reforms and made it easier for poorer people to rise in the ranks of society but it really was still a violent dictatorship . 
  then back the bourgeois empire/republic , then vichy then back to the bourgeois/liberal republic . 
  besides the vichy regime , it mostly remained liberal . 
  neoliberal policies are threatening the statu quo , as evidenced by the political crisis and general unrest . 
   french revolution was n't a liberal revolution either textbook definition of one actually . 
  but the far-left does n't own anything . 
  the ultra-wealthy has a much stronger grip on mass media through massive conglomerates and uses it to further their goals . 
   if you are implying non-legislative , or non parliamentary , that is true , although even then local councils would still be a thing . 
  well that 's definitely what i meant . 
  i put more trust in a society where the laws are voted by an assembly of randomly chosen citizens rather than our corrupted republic . 
  i do n't see any link between my statement and your reply . 
  1453 is the only year i care about, 
  usually gets integrated anyway . 
  i know it 's southeast of poland-lithuania , has a bull as its symbol , borders the black sea in bessarabia and typically gets wrecked very quickly in eu4 by either poland or the ottoman empire , whichever gets hungry first . 
   unless someone is a hardline communist , they have no business calling themselves left-wing . 
  people like corbyn or jean-luc m\u00e9lenchon are no hardline communists yet i do n't think they are frauds . 
  they typically have an intellectual basis supporting their project , for instance , m\u00e9lenchon shares chantal mouffe 's ( belgian researcher ) work on socialist democracies and left populism . 
   yes well the fact that you are willing to lose democracy in favour of your beliefs is what makes your political point of view equally dangerous to the far right . 
  you both think democracy is a choice , something nice to have as long as it does n't interfere with your worldview . 
  what i mean is democracy does n't mean necessarily the right to choose what is good for you . 
  especially in its current implementation . 
  what if the public opinion is warped by medias that all belong to a handful of individuals ? 
  the distinction between left and far-left is a very recent thing and an artificial one . 
  most `` moderate left '' parties are typical economically liberal and believe in the free market , however there are very strong arguments to be made against the very idea of progressism ( as in , striving for a fairer and more just society ) and the idea of a market-based economy . 
  the moderate left is basically an intellectual fraud that actually is very recent in europe ( parties like labour or the parti socialiste ) and the former has formally adopted a more hardline leftist thesis and the latter basically collapsed onto itself , getting 6 % of the total votes instead of it 's usual 20-23 % . 
   being far-left is n't inherently better to being far-right because they had `` intellectuals and academics '' . 
  i 'd argue being able to back your political opinions through reasoning and logic makes you at the very least more able to see through pure ideology . 
  which is something you rarely see from moderates who love to appeal to `` real life '' and `` the way things are '' or even fallacies like `` the human nature '' . 
   they 're both aiming for non-democratic societies . 
  i 'd definitely prefer a non-democratic society ( like anarchy or libertarian socialism ) with no state nor exploitation than a society entirely ruled by an obscenely wealthy minority where i get the right to vote for people who do n't threaten the statu quo . 
   i 'm sorry this offends your particular worldview . 
  i 'm not sure what this is trying to accomplish . 
  are you trying to bait people into getting pissed and win the moral highground ? 
  or do you expect people who disagree with you to act like spoiled kids who throw hissy fits when faced with contradiction ? 
  yeah , love those far-left movements with intellectuals and academics that are uneducated with their troubled nazi history . 
  there is no magic rule of thumb that states that centrism is the right balance or any relativistic bullshit like the horseshoe theory or some false equivalency between nazis and communists . 
  shareholders and private interests in general ? 
   okay whatever candidate you wanted . 
  i just went with the one who is seemingly going to win . 
  but there are different motives behind a political opinion . 
  if someone advocates for more individual liberties , environmental protection , socialised healthcare and higher education , you ca n't exactly dismiss them the way someone who shows up and says `` kick mudslimes out go lepen for kek '' . 
  wow i sure love the alt-right now , thanks a bunch . 
   i 'm sure you would n't mind people supporting macron from other countries . 
  yes i would . 
  pretty much yeah . 
  also i do n't subscribe to the equivalence between left and right . 
  you have so much more theoretical basis and rationalism behind left movements , especially the french tradition . 
  just saying we get a shitload of american posters trying to spread pro le pen propaganda . 
   it seems that , for some people , nothing wrong can be done by the `` native europeans '' , because we are the smartest , most advanced people . 
  fairly sure the french election results proved the contrary . 
  i did n't mean to participate in a generic american bashing , only noticing we get many of them trying to meddle with our politics , even if they only resort to lame ass memes . 
  it 's always like that in the beginning . 
  did you think the nsdap was relevant right off the bat ? 
  or the front national popped out of nowhere ? 
  it always start when regular people start joining student brawls . 
  i did n't mean it was a general phenomenon but you literally have antifas fighting alt-right armed supporters . 
  it 's not going to get any better and you know it . 
  that was n't my intent .
