the uk is the oldest european democracy , these commenters are idiots, 
  give the germans time , it 's only been a few months . 
  they 've had 70 years of brain washing, 
  we most likely never stopped killing people in the street , you just never heard about it, 
  it 's expensive because leftist made it expensive , which they then argue we should stop doing it to save money, 
  they should offer germans free arabic lessons, 
  it 's the murdoch propaganda !, 
  yeah because lending your money to people won ca n't pay it back is what banks want . 
  yeah the ttip caused the greeks to borrow more than they could pay back . 
  just like the jews amiright !, 
  my favourite game , the six degrees of how to blame america, 
  because i 'm a nationalist, 
  when the left mean diversity they 're referring to black and brown faces . 
  diversity of opinion is n't included . 
  anyone who 's stepped foot on a western university campus would know . 
  fucking hell , islamic arabs then, 
  yeah because east germans are just like arabs muslims, 
  it 's been pretty much downhill sense the 1300s, 
  yes you are right , pat yourself on the back . 
  the ancient zoroastrian persians were quite advanced in the fields of chemistry , astronomy , mathematics and civil engineering . 
  which is quite a far cry from the islamic republic of iran , i do n't know about you , but i live in the year 2015 . 
  i 'm serious though , our countries and societies did n't just appear from no where . 
  they had to be built and developed over generations . 
  human beings are n't robots, 
  it does n't matter what she said , it matters how what she said is perceived . 
  your definition of universities has n't existed in decades, 
  that 's not pc bro !, 
  and what is that ? 
  tolerance is really juvenile thing to believe in absolutely like many leftists do . 
  it 's like they 're in kindergarten trying to get along with everyone, 
  then why did they edit it out ? 
  besides those men were causing trouble . 
  i doubt it was one of those mysterious friendly allah ackhbars you 're referring to . 
  i really not qualified when it comes commenting on economics . 
  but to me having your own currency is necessary as a matter of sovereignty and having control over your own fiscal policy . 
  as an outsider the euro and the eu seems fundamentally flawed and the only solution to it is federalisation . 
  i would never want to join an undemocratic supra national government which seems to hold contempt for indigenous european peoples . 
  but that 's just like my opinion man . 
  sorry i do n't understand the reference, 
  and i seriously doubt it will even work as they intend, 
  silicon valley attracts the best the world as to offer , they 're the most educated , skilled , and ambitious . 
  the conspiracy theorist in me suspects the euro was designed to fail . 
  i imagine when it was created the internationalist/globalist could n't erode sovereign states as much as they wanted . 
  so they created a currency knowing it would one day fail which would be a catalyst for more control . 
  thanks for the constructive criticism, 
  i disagree , you have an elitist attitude and i suspect it 's to silence a majority of islam 's critics which are mostly common men . 
  most historians and theologians are left leaning and biased . 
  i do n't hold those fields in high regard as the refuse to really call islam out . 
  they academic elite created the word islamophobia, 
  democracy, 
  because it 's not a real country, 
  they have horrible taste in everything, 
  so since last year , and i 'm supposed to believe that some random syrian rebel poses no threat ? 
  anyone who has been known to participate in the war should not be allowed in . 
  no syrian rebels regularly collaborate with isis against assad with fighters going back an forth from various groups frequently . 
  not too mention there are no secular rebels at this point in the conflict . 
  just varying degrees of sunni islam . 
  no it 's not, 
  there 's pretty fine line between rebel and isis, 
  there 's pretty fine line between rebel and isis, 
  killing a traitor on a battlefield is hardy an `` extrajudicial killing '' it 's war not an execution, 
  that 's like your opinion man , greatest empire ever, 
  take your civic nationalism and shove it up your ass, 
  the middle class africans are the ones migrating , they 're the only ones who can afford the thousands of dollars for people smugglers . 
  just look at any of the photos . 
  they 're not starving rural tribesmen, 
  or just stop giving them medical aid and food and let them fend for themselves, 
  america 150 years ago was n't a welfare state , and despite popular opinion did n't just let anyone in . 
  well it 's been a disastrous summer for the eu project imao, 
  not if you 're a leftist, 
  and i thought sweden was bad . 
  hey guys , i have an idea . 
  let 's let some more `` refugees '' in . 
  i was being sarcastic, 
  because the us is trying to annex poland . 
  he 's a typical leftist millennial from a western country . 
  they 've never known hardship or had to fight for anything meaningful . 
  if another world war broke out i honestly believe they would either immediately surrender/collaborate or commit suicide . 
  they are n't useless against parked plains waiting to take off, 
  your replacing the indeginous culture with a forgein islamic one . 
  you 're not getting the synergy or blend that happens in the us or what happens historically in europe . 
  they could hit a plain while it 's still on the ground full of passengers, 
  speak for yourself , we 're all aware that contemporary leftist are weak cowards and would rather collaborate or kill themselves than defend their countries . 
  so more censorship from the authoritarian left ? 
  yeah a handful of trashy teenagers , the west totally has no redeeming qualities left . 
  i 'd rather live under sharia . 
  maybe turkey should stop aiding islamic rebels , then you guys can start complaining about refugees . 
  until them stfu you 're a major contributing factor in the syrian war . 
  there 's has n't been a recent ones as far as i 'm aware , do n't know what he 's referring to, 
  european countries should just ban abortion, 
  denazification worked a little too well, 
  i suppose that 's why they crossed dozen safe countries to get into sweden and germany . 
  no that 's retarded, 
  well america is one country with one national identity and one language , do people seriously compare that to the eu ? 
  yep arabs and blacks are just like germans goy , no difference , do n't you dare consider yourself a german ethnically or culturally . 
  this sub woke up, 
  they 're that price because they are difficult to smuggle and the potential legal ramifications if caught . 
  not because it 's physical value . 
  i do n't understand how i 'm choosing feelings over facts . 
  i 'm completely aware of the facts .
