  it 's those who hold these `` secular values '' who are in a minority here ... countries are n't defined by `` values '' . 
  articles like that are purposely misleading us . 
  `` solidarity '' in eu-speak just means they want more power and control . 
  do n't speak up . 
  do n't fight back . 
  everyone just hold your hands and let it happen ... that 's what they mean by this `` solidarity '' . 
  for the love of god , is this `` white savior complex '' genetic to us or what ? 
  do you have too much money ? 
  you could n't find somewhere else to put that money ? 
   when you learn to read that it wo n't fix it , but help cover the issues until fixes are in place , however long that will be . 
  yeah , and my point was that it will never be . 
  mass immigration has been going on for 50 + years . 
  has it fixed anything ? 
  nope , it made everything worse . 
   it 's cheaper to live in poland so a small british pension , or savings , or a pension made from remittances . 
  meanwhile , if they returned to their origin country they do n't use the nhs in their destination country this is just plain insanity . 
  are you paid to post such nonsense or what ? 
  we 're the richest continent on this planet , yet you 're telling me that we ca n't even afford to have kids or even train our own native workers so we have to import them from some rural towns in eastern europe and then deport them back for retirement ... holy shit you must be really educated to be this stupid . 
   immigration can help deal with it . 
  yes , and how long does that `` supplementation period '' should last ? 
  because germany ( and europe as a whole ) has had mass immigration for ~ 50 years now . 
  when will immigration finally fix it ? 
  or do you just want to admit already that this is nothing but a giant ponzi scheme with no end in sight ? 
   the free movement of people helps in a way , by making it easier for polish or other european workers to return to their country of origin for retirement ... and who pays for their retirement in poland ?? 
  polish government ? 
  why would they give out money to people who have never worked a day in their life or paid taxes into poland ? 
  gdp is a useless measure these days especially in countries in eastern europe . 
  yes , people receive more euros in their paycheck , but the actual value of that euro has n't stayed the same . 
  cost of living , for example , has gone way up . 
  so is the cost of everything in your local ( and by local , i mean german owned ) supermarket . 
  combine that with the complete destruction of our local industries , and you 'll see that those `` gdp growth '' reports are almost meaningless in the real world . 
  maybe relying on `` international capital '' is a problem in itself ... ukraine has full control over their banking system . 
  they do n't need to rely on some rich german multinationals for `` new startups '' which mean nothing but cheap software engineers doing their work and making profit for multinationals and their owners in germany . 
  ukraine 's # 1 problem is corruption followed by demographics , and not the lack of `` foreign money '' ... 
  this is just insanity . 
  so germany 's is a business now ? 
  this is more than about economics . 
  why have babies at all ? 
  just have completely open borders and let other countries raise `` new german workers '' , send them to germany , and repeat this every year . 
   immigration can help deal with it . 
  how is that going to work in the long run ? 
  i swear to god ... the only reason this was posted here was to further normalize turkey as a `` european '' country . 
  this is a subtle propaganda and definitely deliberate . 
  stop trying to make it happen . 
  you need to have babies . 
  poles wo n't raise german birth rates . 
  so you will be right where you started the next year . 
  how the fuck is it even possible to russia to go bankrupt ? 
  they have more resources than all of europe combined . 
  they 're the largest country on the planet . 
  no reason why it should n't be a superpower . 
  they must have africa-level corruption that 's the only explanation . 
   at some point we will need to buy so much food , water and practically all kinds of resources , that there will be no money for pensioners anyway !, 
  that 's what the new world territories are for . 
  and that 's why it is important that they remain european . 
   its not possible to keep growing your population forever . 
  how about just keeping it constant ? 
  because right now poland is expected to lose ~ 30 % of its population every generation . 
  these are ww2 numbers . 
  black death for comparison only killed ~ 40 % of population . 
  you will lose more than that in 50 years . 
  how exactly do belarusians or vietnamese help in raising polish birthrates ?? 
  would n't that do the exact opposite ? 
  poles now have to compete with others for housing and jobs = they will start having even less children . 
  have we learned anything ? 
  so you think all those `` new germans '' will vote for pro-german parties in the future ?? 
  you must be delusional . 
  nationalism makes no sense for pakistanis in germany . 
  they can only be `` nationalistic '' back in pakistan . 
  have n't we learned anything from what 's happening to america now ? 
  it 's the same strategy they used in america and now sweden and other parts of europe . 
  where is that article from some politician in sweden saying how `` diversity '' is good for the democracy ? 
  what do you think they mean by that ? 
  you do n't have to accept them . 
  send them back to wherever they came from if you wish . 
  they 're not `` anti-migrant '' , they 're pro-german . 
  stop making up all these `` feel good '' terms for non-existent things . 
   it is not the socialist idea of placing all wealth and property in the hands of the state , but the anarchist plan of `` expropriation , '' of plunder on a gigantic scale for the benefit of the revolutionary masses , which really appeals to the disgruntled portion of the proletariat . 
  the socialist intellectual may write of the beauties of nationalization , of the joy of working for the common good without hope of personal gain ; the revolutionary working man sees nothing to attract him in all this . 
  question him on his ideas of social transformation , and he will generally express himself in favour of some method by which he will acquire something he has not got ; he does not want to see the rich man 's motor-car socialized by the state -- he wants to drive about in it himself . 
  the revolutionary working man is thus in reality not a socialist but an anarchist at heart . 
  nor in some cases is this unnatural . 
  that the man who enjoys none of the good things of life should wish to snatch his share must at least appear comprehensible . 
  what is not comprehensible is that he should wish to renounce all hope of ever possessing anything . 
  \\ - nesta helen webster, 
  merkel is n't stupid though . 
  she just imported a million ( 10 % of germany 's population if you think long term ) `` better voters '' . 
  it does n't matter if germans do n't approve of her now . 
  `` new germans '' will approve of her and her party 10 years from now . 
  you think syrians/eritreans will ever vote for any afd-like party ? 
  this is all part of a long-term strategy . 
  there were no neanderthals in northern europe . 
  oh , and vast majority of humans beings on this planet have neanderthal dna . 
  we 're not unique on that . 
  either way , european history did not begin with neanderthals , it began with europeans who have descended from neanderthals some 30,000 years ago ... not sure how any of this is comparable . 
  chinese history does not include neanderthals even though they 're just as `` genetically neanderthal '' as us . 
  [ so this is how it 's going to end ... ] ( http://www.nationalists.org/assets/images/fate-of-empires.png ), 
   how the fuck can u be anything for a thousand years u ass ?!, 
  identity has continuity . 
  my ancestral continuity to europe and its people is thousands of years old .
