stop fucking calling it `` globalization '' . 
  it was your own fucking idiot politicians who opened the borders and rewrote your trade policies . 
  who the fuck is this globalization anyways ? 
  each country is just as sovereign as it was 50 years ago . 
  these people think that by changing the language you somehow change the concepts behind it and somehow that makes your arguments better ... it does n't . 
  there is no threat of any invasion . 
  this is just american elite purposely making russia look bad because for once israel is not getting everything it wants in the middle east . 
  because they have to pretend to be `` conservative '' or `` christian '' otherwise people would soon find out that all political parties are really the same and have the same owner . 
  so each party tries to distinguish itself in some superficial way - abortion , gay marriage , environment , bitcoin ... 
  it 's not `` globalization '' . 
  it 's american and european leaders who are selling us out and making the rest of the world rich at our expense . 
  neither asia nor africa has rewritten our trade or immigration policies - it was done by our own . 
  i 'm all for basic income , i 'm just tired of explaining to people how basic income can not work in a europe that is not in its own economic block ... you know , for all that `` free money '' to circulate properly , it has to be spent within that economic block . 
  it can not be otherwise . 
  government giving you 500 euros and you spending 200 of it on goods from asia is not sustainable in the long run ... 
   canada is more european than lithuania is . 
  in what sense ? 
  do n't say `` values '' . 
  because europe is a lot older than your liberal values . 
   not to mention the completely arbitrary nature of deciding free trade within europe = good , free trade outside of europe = bad . 
  it 's not arbitrary . 
  economic sovereignty decides your political sovereignty . 
  and political sovereignty is needed to undertake some long term projects that do n't even concerned `` economics '' . 
  it 's not just economics . 
  urban sprawl , low home ownership , welfare spending , political cohesion ... all that is disrupted by free trade . 
  but you 're just too stupid to see it . 
  and you 're too na\u00efve to think that moving factory a here and factory b over there is a good way at increasing nations ' economic productivity ... 
  ** within europe ** , not within the whole planet . 
  why do these people insist on fucking giving away more of europe 's industries ?? 
  what is the point of eu at this point ? 
  europe already produces nothing but government spending on old people and debt . 
  apart from a few natural resources which european continent ( not including russia ) has a shortage of , eu could easily survive as an autarky . 
  we would be cutting pensions of future day old people , not people who are old today . 
   the two afghan asylum-seekers and ten other men are taking a sex-education class at the refugee centre where they live in the flemish town of broechem , what are afghanis doing in belgium ? 
  i thought this was a syrian crisis . 
  and how did they even reach belgium ? 
  it 's more than 5000 km away . 
  japan is closer to afghanistan to belgium . 
  this would be equivalent to chinese seeking refuge in poland . 
  none of this shit would be happening if you just had a sane immigration policy and higher birth rates ... this is the reason for brexit . 
  nothing else . 
  the leaders just refuse to admit it . 
  turkey is not a european country ... you people do this on purpose , are n't you ? 
   because it is impossible to get it to zero unless you live in some orvellian state . 
  no , it is n't . 
  read my previous post : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/57m6px/angela_merkel_germany_to_return_nigerian_migrants/d8tj7fs?context=3, 
  i was talking about the part of the economy that employs illegal migrants . 
  and yes , it would be very easy to solve it . 
  you simply fine every business that hires illegals at 50,000 euros per person . 
  then you set up a `` reward system '' that rewards anyone 10 % of the total fine who reports such illegal activities . 
  problem solved . 
   tell me how we are `` enabling '' them . 
  by not doing anything to stop it . 
   even switzerland has a black market economy worth around 8 % of gdp . 
  uk 10 % , nordics 14 % , southern europe 20-30 % . 
  source . 
  i was only talking about part of the economy that employs illegal migrants . 
  prostitutes and drug dealers do n't count to me . 
   the unofficial labor market in germany is actually decreasing ( relatively spoken ) - from 11.2 % in 2015 to 10.8 % in 2016 . 
  source in german . 
  why is it above 0 % in the first place ? 
  is n't it illegal to hire someone without proper documentation ? 
  why is no one enforcing your laws ? 
  wow , first time i see a map on / r/europe where turkey is not included ... good job . 
   and how to stop them ? 
  let them all drown in the meditaranian ? 
  how about you start by not enabling `` underground economies '' in the first place ... if they ca n't survive in the eu without documents , they wo n't come . 
  for fuck 's sake , how do you think rich countries in east asia deal with illegal immigration ? 
  oh wow ... so 40 % is the cutoff now ? 
  not `` wall off '' . 
  some natural resources , for example , are n't even possible for us to acquire naturally through our own lands . 
  so they have to be imported from elsewhere . 
  but yeah , in general it would be a highly protective economic block . 
   you believe that it will encourage wage subsidies for low-skill workers in the eu ? 
  protectionism is not all about economics ...  you would n't rather try to have a competitive economy we can compete from within . 
  you know , like how texas competes with california ? 
   how do you propose to avoid brain drain ? 
  the ussr had to put up walls to keep people from leaving . 
  the only `` brain drain '' that exists in europe is that of people not having enough children . 
  for every `` good brain '' that leaves russia , 10 good brains are lost because they have never been born ... 
  north korea is too tiny to be its own protectionist block . 
  plus it does n't seem like they have good leaders there anyways ... 
   schools have student exchange deals . 
  if you accent less students , you will be able to send less student overseas , it 's as simple as that . 
  that 's fine by me , and i 'm pretty sure the ratio of brits going to indian universities versus indians going to british universities is nowhere near equal . 
   and do i need to explain you the benefits of being educated in a foreign country and welcoming foreign students inside your classroom ? 
  yeah . 
  you can fuck foreign girls without actually changing your place of residence for a year , you know ? 
  because we have a fetish for everything non-european . 
   one of the eu 's goals is to form a bloc to trade with other nations , getting better deals as a group of 500 million people compared to just a single nation right ? 
  no it is n't ... it 's actually the exact opposite . 
  we want a protectionist block to protect european industries against those outside to avoid this `` race to the bottom '' ... 
  on which point ? 
  so what if you pay more ? 
  education should n't be for sale . 
  it 's their own fault for not funding universities properly . 
  i do n't think revenue from foreign students is nearly enough to actually enlarge universities to the point of accepting more british students than before . 
  it 's still a net-loss for the brits because for some fucked up reason , now they have to compete with chinese billionaires and others from around the globe . 
  you people are fucking insane . 
  one day you hold a rally against `` capitalism '' and `` greedy materialism '' , and the next day you justify absolutely everything as long as someone somewhere makes more money ... pick a side .
