   it means the capability to attract talented people ( that means high educated and specialized workforce ) from all the worls what happened to your own talented people ? 
  every university slot given to a foreigner , is literally one less slot for the native . 
   a majority come , stay for 3 years , spend a lot of money and leave ; why the hell would you train foreign workers who then go on to compete against britain in their own countries ? 
  who cares about money . 
  as if britain has a shortage of rich people . 
  my god , what a stupid argument . 
   spain arrested him . 
  even the government at that time despised him . 
  yeah , that 's because they wanted to get their hands on all that gold . 
  read the history . 
  he was framed for so many crimes he did n't even commit all because the other guys cared about making lots of money which columbus did n't even care about . 
  that just makes him even more heroic . 
   to celebrate him when he was considered a horrible human even at his time should be appalled . 
  i do n't really care for `` human standards '' . 
  he did good for spain . 
  that 's why there 's a statue of him in spain . 
  i could n't give two shits what someone outside of spain thinks of him . 
   he contributed to a whole civilization in two continents to be wiped out . 
  yeah , so native americans probably should n't celebrate him . 
  that 's fine . 
  but spanish definitely should because he did great things for spain even if you argue that it was at the expense of other peoples . 
   imagine if europe had suffered the same fate as native americans right . 
  which is why we do n't erect statues of genghis khan in europe . 
  where as the chinese do . 
  what 's your point ? 
   what the fuck dude . 
  our holocaust memorials are not used to `` shame '' german people . 
  yeah , but that 's the result of all it . 
  literally everything germans could do these days is interpreted in the context of nazi germany even though that part of german history was less than 30 years ... germans are thousands of years old . 
  is everyone in this thread stupid or what ? 
  if germany spends a billion euros in africa , then that 's a billion less spent on germany . 
  how am i wrong on that ? 
  you do realize that i could make the same analogy for those who deny that they are on the far-left by invoking some atrocities committed by radical communists , right ? 
   we spend enough , and the refugee crisis has n't reduced that amount by a single euro . 
  every single euro spent on syria or africa or whatever is ** literally ** one less euro spent on your own . 
  how else ?!? 
  budgets are limited . 
  you are n't allowed to print unlimited money are you ? 
  how do you think this all works ? 
   for you everything is far left which doesnt kill jews or back people . 
  see , that would actually be far right !, 
  calling people who are against mass immigration far-right is just stupid ... 
  i only look far-right to you , because you are so far to the left . 
  there is no other explanation . 
  right , so why not spend more ? 
  do you have too much money ? 
  if you have too much , send it to me . 
  obviously you have no problem spending billions on this fake refugee crisis . 
   i know the eu 's far from perfect , but i was once a part of something more than a country ... and i feel robbed of that . 
  patriotism is pretty much illegal in britain . 
  you people do n't even love your own country , yet pretend to love eu at every occasion . 
  you do n't care for european union in any meaningful sense , you just hate britain . 
  if east germans are doing so bad , why is n't `` person of the year '' merkel helping them ? 
  why is help on all these `` exotic victims '' always unlimited and at all costs , but helping your own is n't ? 
  this is just ridiculous . 
  literally , every single euro being spent on these refugees , would be money spent on east germany ... 
  they 're all far-left ... 
   refugees have no higher crime rates than germans , illegal immigration is crime in itself ... they 're all criminals by default . 
   we are the people '' chant of the peaceful reunification movement for their own hateful assemblies does n't `` we the people '' , automatically imply the `` other people '' ? 
  there is no `` we '' without the `` other '' . 
  so by your logic , `` we the people '' saying is always offensive because it is not `` inclusive '' enough to everyone ... 
  they only appear neo-liberal when it comes to economics . 
  on every other issue , they 're all on the left . 
  where do you still see any traces of `` conservatism '' in europe ? 
  it 's delusion . 
  ask anyone outside europe , and they 'll tell you that europe is far to the left . 
  are you being sarcastic here ? 
  yeah but now ukraine and belarus are twice as fucked as they were before ... 
  are you kidding me ? 
  what else apart from them actually seizing the means of production could make europe even more left ? 
   \\  british broadcasting corporation  \\  firing ethnic brits for failing to represent britain ... 
  you 're confusing multi-culturalism with multi-racialism . 
  when you downgrade your national identity and culture to the lowest common denominator ( aka . 
  `` proposition nation '' ) and have strict immigration policy that ensures that you get only the `` top tier '' of all those rainbow races of the world , i 'm not surprised australia is doing okay . 
  but that of course is at the cost of australia becoming just a labor market like singapore . 
  it 's void of anything . 
  multi-culturalism , ironically , is subtraction not addition which is exactly what the queen was trying to say here ... 
  i wish they adjusted these salaries to the cost of living of that country . 
  i make probably 2x less money than an average english person doing even the low-level jobs , but i live very comfortably in the capital city ... cost of housing really distorts everything . 
  why mexico ? 
  is there some sort of political angle here to get mexico into eu ? 
  i would n't be surprised . 
  europe 's leaders are that crazy . 
  america/canada/australia has far more in common with european countries ( culturally/racially ) than with mexico ... therefore , they 're part of eu too ? 
  this is your logic . 
  what do you mean ? 
  i thought we were considered part of northern europe , not eastern europe ?? 
  this map says so : http://www.mapsofworld.com/europe/country-groupings/northern-europe-map.gif, 
  she 's only far-right to you , because the rest of europe is so far-left ... 
  i keep telling people this ... turkey is n't european in any meaningful way . 
  might as well just let egypt or algeria join in . 
  why not ? 
  then japan too . 
  it 's right next to russia , and russia is european , so why not too ... nothing makes sense anymore . 
  it 's subtle , but bbc is definitely trying to project this `` cosmopolitan '' version of britain that it never was . 
  that is undisputable . 
  and that was the main reason it was posted on their website . 
  this is from bbc ... they 're same people who make these `` documentaries '' about brits being mongrels and immigrants and what not ... 
   but economics dictates what you can pay for , which is crucial for everything . 
  you can only tax what 's there , you can only buy what you can afford .
