  but the needs were here even before economics ... whatever economic system we have now is just there to `` serve those needs '' as smoothly as possible . 
  that is why economic system is secondary to culture/nation or whatever else that actually dictates those `` economic needs '' that the economic system must provide . 
   why import people who have zero chance of employment ? 
  you 're literally bringing in people to send them straight to benefits for life due to lack of anything else for them to do . 
  how many dependents are each worker supposed to pay for with tax dollars , and why should they ? 
  huh ? 
  i 'm not for importing anyone . 
  i 'm just against this notion that low population is good for us , because `` there wo n't be jobs in the future '' ... 
   at this point , i am not sure where you are trying to go with your rhetoric . 
  you do n't cite any sources for your claims and seem to ignore the arguments i present with solid data . 
  claims for what ? 
  claims without evidence can be dismissed without evidence . 
  ever heard that phrase ? 
  it 's all on you here ...  culture and ethnicities change as they should since they are man-made . 
  you are a lithuanian who is fond of what is nordic as a whole , and i understand that . 
  how stupid are you people ?? 
  europe is n't `` changing '' due to some `` cosmic forces '' . 
  it 's our own idiot governments that 's doing this to us . 
  we 're a sovereign people in a sovereign nation . 
  self-preservation is precisely what nation-state is all about . 
  it 's only nomadic peoples who have short existences . 
  people who remain sovereign can live for thousands of years . 
  somalians still have somalia . 
  somalians are n't `` changing '' . 
  stop trying to spin this off as some natural course of history rather than a deliberate policy by our ruling class . 
   but globalization is as inevitable as the fall of religion . 
  no matter how much you want it to last , those things will blend and fade over the centuries . 
  personally i 'd rather live for the living , not for ideas . 
  explain to me : ** how did globalization change europe 's immigration policy ? ** . 
  explain that to me because i would really like to see your explanation . 
  i 'm dying to know how somalians with an internet changed norway 's immigration policy . 
  go on . 
  no more ideological explanations . 
  when , where , and how did africans rewrite our immigration policy . 
   personally i 'd rather live for the living , not for ideas . 
  then what good is saving all those `` liberal ideas '' if the people who created them die off ? 
  so it begins ... next you 'll see `` this x country was dying - until the refugees came ! '', 
  you 're not saving anything here . 
  you 're just giving up land to other peoples . 
  ugh ... another `` europe has always been full of africans and asians '' crap . 
  this is like those `` medieval people of color '' blogs you see on tumblr except less funny . 
  cherchen man , yuezhi , all those ancient scrolls they found near china , etc. . . did not rewrite china 's history as `` european '' . 
  why should this change european history ? 
   ok , so you basically propose creating a protectionist dictatorship that will cut off trading ties with the rest of the world , i 'm not proposing an autarky . 
  right now our tariff rates are quite low compared to the rest of the world . 
  so using your logic , it 's the rest of the world that is `` isolated '' from us , and not the other way around . 
   seize the control of all media and brainwash people into having more kids . 
  as opposed to corporations owning media and brainwashing people towards something else ? 
  what is the difference ? 
  you would n't necessarily even have to nationalize all the media . 
  just set the rules similar to what america had in its days . 
   i think i 'll take extinction over that . 
  okay , but do n't be surprised when some parts of europe choose their nations and people over some abstract ideas ... 
   despite the fact that population trends are going down among muslims ? 
  yes , immigrants fertility rates are a contribution to natural growth , but those numbers will change over the decades . 
  none of it matters . 
  the proportion of native norwegian in norway continues going down year after year ...  you mean the norse ? 
  they are an ethnolingustic group . 
  this is just a no true scotsman fallacy . 
  you might want to see this for example . 
  oh bullshit after bullshit ... you can construct the same `` history of immigration '' for every country . 
  they keep naming all those groups but never give any numbers . 
  genetic data clearly shows that scandinavia as a whole has been populated by nordic types for centuries and centuries even as early as 1950s , scandinavia was 90 + % nordic . 
  that 's a fact . 
   integration . 
  integration into what ?? 
  do n't say `` society '' . 
  what is society to you ? 
  a bunch of people in a common market speaking a common language ? 
  i do n't see how a vietnamese person reading norway 's history books and heroes see himself in it . 
  `` integration '' without some sort of ethnic attachment is not integration to me . 
  i could n't give two shits about their `` economic contributions '' or their `` criminality profile '' . 
  only multinational corporations give shit about stuff like this . 
  i do n't . 
   because they are willing to help those people and accept them into their society . 
  them doing it does n't mean that it 's good . 
   stop this nordicism bs ; we are n't living in the 19th-20th century anymore . 
  what does that even mean ? 
  importing people of actual scandinavian ancestry from america versus somalians from africa would be better for norway . 
  am i wrong ? 
  it 's just nonsense to think otherwise . 
  the `` right of return '' laws exist for a reason . 
   elaborate , since this make no sense to me . 
  you said throwing social programs at people will make them have more children and you showed rising birth rates in france , sweden , norway as a proof of that . 
  then i showed you that it was n't french or the norwegians who were responsible for the rise in birth rates , but rather the third-world foreigners who have 4 children no matter what economics conditions . 
   birth rates have everything to do with economic conditions ; it 's the very reason why poor countries have high tfr and vice-versa , irregardless of culture . 
  you 're from romania . 
  i 'm from lithuania . 
  both relatively poor countries . 
  according to your theory , our birth rates should be high ... are they ? 
   it 's not just about money , it 's more complicated . 
  i also do n't understand your fixation with `` native '' norwegians . 
  who does qualify as a native ? 
  ... who do you think ?? 
  people who are native to norway . 
  the earliest settlers and those who formed the character and history of norway . 
  get yourself a dictionary . 
   this is just idiotic . 
  i 've already explained myself in this regard ; ethnicity is a short-term issue that a country like norway can solve with little difficulty . 
  how can that be `` solved '' ?
