  that 's just stupid . 
  those on the far-left can be just a fanatic and promote even worse ideologies as those on the right . 
  we see their results every day . 
  why are all these `` warnings of populist uprise '' always about those on the right ? 
  the far-left is far more of a threat to europe than the right in my opinion . 
   well last time i checked univesities still have to balance their books . 
  so they certainly share certain aspects of a business but they should n't . 
  you have a broken system . 
  but either way , why not just replace rich foreigners with rich natives ? 
  what is the difference to you ? 
   maybe because those people are likely to increase wealth in their communities back home and increase the amount of money they can spend on british goods ? 
  ... and educating your own does not create more wealth for england ? 
  educating foreigners instead creates more wealth for england ? 
  this is crazy logic . 
   and give the elite in other countries an affinity for your society and a taste for your products ? 
  what does that mean ? 
   the goal of academic work is to further human progress , that 's why it should n't give a crap about nationality . 
  no , it is n't . 
  for fuck 's sake . 
  is this universalist shit genetic to you germans or what ? 
  it 's unbelievable . 
  can you people just go back to worshipping jesus instead of worshiping your own `` morality '' ? 
  anyway , education is primarily a political tool . 
  it 's not just memorizing some set of instructions to be used in a corporate world . 
  it 's making of a person as a whole . 
  it 's making him into a national . 
  there is no `` human progress '' . 
  there is only national progress . 
  just look at africa and compare it to south korea . 
  so why would we let others `` progress '' at the expense of us ? 
   and plenty of european academics work in china as well as other non western nations . 
  hahahaha . 
  you go look up what percentage of china 's top universities are populated by foreigners . 
  go on look it up . 
  so is it us being stupid , or them ? 
   the academic community does not compete against each other in the sense you are implying . 
  there is no `` academic community '' . 
  countries cooperate in some ways , but science primarily is still a tool and not some god to be worshipped . 
  not all `` scientific work '' benefits all of `` humanity '' equally . 
  more scientifically/technologically advanced nations ( you know , cause we 're primarily organized along nations ) are bound to become more powerful and exercise more control over the rest of us . 
  that is the only reason why japan would beat all of africa in a full out war . 
  better technology and more scientifically literate population . 
  do you disagree ? 
  so why in the hell would we give any advantage to our competition at the expense of us ?? 
   i did n't talk about universities being a business . 
  if you 're making all your decisions based on money and profitability - then you 're a business . 
   i talked about universities attracting the people that are the most qualified researchers and academics . 
  the academic community is global , not national . 
  yeah , but strongly educated chinese populace benefits china the most . 
  i do n't really care about `` global efficiency '' of moving things from one part of the planet to the other for some profits or `` academic gains '' . 
  england should prioritize its own people at all costs . 
  after all , who the fuck does the english government represent if not english ?? 
   no , i 'm saying that the most qualified students and researchers should attend universities no matter what their nationality is . 
  yes , but good education is extremely precious . 
  why should n't it favor its own people instead of educating some chinese who will then go on to compete against us ? 
  this literally makes no sense . 
  do you see chinese universities educating europeans ? 
  why not ? 
  is it them being stupid , or us being stupid ? 
  answer me that one . 
  you 're like 40 years too late . 
  who cares about islam ? 
  islam is probably what netherlands and europe as a whole needs to raise its birth rates . 
  so why import arabs and africans by the millions ? 
  let 's just all convert to islam ... why not ? 
   universities exist to attract the most capable people from all around the world no , they do n't . 
  holy shit . 
  it 's purpose is the education of the nation . 
  not to make profits . 
  universities should all be nationalized in the first place . 
  when the hell did education become a business ??? 
   they 're not an employment program for joe sixpack what are you trying to say here ? 
  they ca n't find qualified english applicants ? 
  oh , come on . 
  why are n't they in turkey ? 
  why not ? 
  swap rich foreigners with rich natives . 
  problem solved . 
  are you thinking this through or not ? 
  why are you surprised when immigrants vote against the parties that promise to cut down on immigration ( aka , the importation of more of `` their people '' ) ? 
   it probably has not brought more power to oligarchs . 
  how has it not ? 
  they can literally import new workforce , and their political puppets can literally import a new electorate . 
  what else could make them even more powerful ? 
   our country is going to the dogs . 
  the nationalistic , hard brexiters have full control now , and for the most part they 're in touch with popular opinion . 
  britain has survived without mass immigration for thousands of years and it 's been relatively nationalistic for all that time compared to now where patriotism is pretty much illegal . 
  so this is completely normal . 
  britain was destroyed by churchill and your welfare-state , not `` brexiters '' ... 
  if universities are short of money , why do n't they just raise their fees ? 
  instead of rich foreigners , why do n't they educate their own rich natives ? 
  this is ridiculous . 
  you 're selling your national education away to foreigners ... 
  czech republic is being stupid so it 's pointless to compare them against england . 
  they renamed themselves czechia purely for `` business purposes '' . 
  they 're barely a country at this point . 
  `` singapore of the slavs '' is what they are . 
  who cares what they do . 
   immigration of eu people is ok anyway . 
  yeah ... but that 's exactly why the would want to limit total immigration , because since leaving the eu , most of the workers they 'll be importing will be outside the eu .
