  yeah let 's give away more of our industries ... europe is already producing nothing but debt and government services . 
  we 'll just train everyone to be software engineers and business managers ... 
  they have ... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_colonization_of_the_americas, 
  german 's population density is actually higher than china 's . 
  europe is very dense in some places actually . 
  it 's russia and northern europe that 's skewing density numbers for europe . 
  it could have been all yours spain ... this is just sad . 
   i do n't get it too , how is influx of highly educated people into a country a bad thing ? 
  because every foreign student means one less native student . 
  you 're literally denying your own nation 's education to your own people just so some people at the top make more money ...  those people are already integrated into uk society . 
  they studied there . 
  countries are n't economic zones . 
   we need better to assert our european identity , based on shared values of freedom , tolerance , peace and equality , my identity is not based on `` values '' ... 
  i do n't believe in most of those values you listed . 
  am i european ? 
  why not ? 
  there are so many better ways to raise polish birth rates than this shit ... for fuck 's sake poland , you 're screwing it all for the rest of us . 
  here it is again ... turkey marked as european . 
  i swear there is deliberate . 
  speaking of brain drain ... how many brilliant minds and geniuses has europe ( germany especially ) lost through their extremely low birth rates ? 
  russians settling in england is not really `` brain drain '' . 
  brains are still there . 
  ca n't say the same for germany where those brain have never even been born ... 
  great , let 's start another war . 
   exactly . 
  but mostly africans ; asians have improved a lot recently . 
  meanwhile africa 's population growth is a total disaster and it 's going to get much worse . 
  that second chart is probably bullshit because they predicted same radical growth for places like iran back in the 1990s and look what happened there ...  i disagree , only a small portion of europe is in its natural , undeveloped state and this has negative consequences . 
  not where i live . 
  and europeans still have north america . 
  that 's why it was conquered in the first place . 
  europe was the most densely populated continent in the 1600s . 
  we need to start having better relationships with america and canada . 
  european union should go across continents . 
  there is also russia . 
   i want to see more forests and uninhabited areas . 
  and when i go to the cities , they are overcrowded and the infrastructure like train stations , airports , etc. 
  are always full . 
  yeah , but at the same time they 're importing millions of migrants from africa and asia . 
  so europeans having less children , wo n't make europe less populated . 
  it will just make europe less european . 
  that 's all . 
   i was trying to argue that europe 's population declining is not necessarily a bad thing and we should n't do that . 
  it is a bad thing because it is usually those highly educated and most intelligent who are having least amount of children . 
  europe is literally getting dumber because of it , and it will not survive for much longer if this continues . 
  yeah , but that was at the time when germans had healthy birth rates . 
  however many poles were added to german population paled in comparison to how many germans were added to german population through high birth rates . 
  so you ca n't compare what 's happening now to then . 
   no it does n't , the planet is extremely overpopulated , we should be embracing population decline and adjusting our economic and welfare systems accordingly . 
  tell that to africans and asians . 
  it 's not europe that 's overpopulated . 
  let their population fall . 
  it 's us who should be having as many children as possible . 
  person whose origins are of europe . 
  turkey is not in europe . 
  therefore , not european . 
  but this is regarding foreign nationality , not migration background . 
  how many turks are listed as deutsch in that table because they were born in germany ? 
  where can i see the actual birth rates year by year for people with no migrant background ( germans ) ? 
  god damnit poland . 
  you just set social conservatism in europe back for another 50 years ... instead of introducing it slowly and intelligently you did it in the most retarded way possible . 
  enjoy your extinction . 
  total gdp is fucking meaningless . 
  russia has a much larger economy than switzerland . 
  yet swiss have a much higher standard of living than russians . 
  stop obsessing about gdp . 
  this is where all that bullshit about `` immigrants needed to grow the economy '' come from . 
  quality , not quantity . 
  more likely that there wo n't be any rich countries in europe ... they will all go bankrupt in the next 50-100 years . 
  not one ( apart from maybe switzerland ) western european country has a sustainable welfare and retirement system . 
  it 's all debt . 
  if everyone is dutch , then no one is dutch . 
  you 're just an economic zone at this point with a common language . 
  you 're replacing indigenous people with foreigners who still have all their homelands intact . 
  chinese still have china . 
  indonesians indonesia . 
  dutch = ? 
  also , this argument about restaurants is the most ridiculous thing i have ever read . 
  you can import things without importing people you realize that ? 
  the computer i 'm typing this right now was made in china . 
  how many chinese did we have to import to get computers ? 
  literally zero . 
  there are a bunch of italian restaurants in the capital city where i live . 
  i 'm quite sure we have very very few italians in the country . 
  wow , how did that happen ? 
  my god you 're stupid ... 
   and uk universities being more and more desperate to increase their numbers . 
  you are not making any sense . 
  just swap foreigners with natives . 
  why would the total numbers go down ? 
  yes . 
  one foreign student equals one less native student . 
  what ?? 
  where ?? 
  when ? 
   if people are scared or emotional , a reality and/or fact check often gets in the way . 
  not everything in this world can be measured in empirical measures ... mass immigration , for example , has nothing to do with economics , or crime , or anything . 
  it 's about nation , culture , sense of identity ... 
  there are no charts to prove the `` right '' or the `` wrong '' on that . 
  and this is why so many people despise these so called `` intellectuals '' ...
