  that and the similar reality-warping powers . 
  what would be your recommended reading for kyle rayner ? 
  having the strictest animal ethics standards in the world does n't mean we should n't strive for better . 
  unity would n't launch for me at release along with loads of other people . 
  i guess if you say it was n't broken , it was n't . 
  the point he is making is ours is bad , which it is . 
  but it 's some of the best in the world . 
  those two statements do n't contradict . 
  i agree . 
  have you increased sharpening for it ? 
  lol . 
  in the more important game against the best team in the world . 
  lol . 
  lol . 
  what do you have to say now ? 
  oh , you are n't the arrogant barca fan . 
  i wonder why they removed the white from his hair in his current comic incarnation if he is going to have it in the movie . 
  amd has much worse linux drivers . 
  have you never been to a sports event ? 
  lol . 
  they have sound isolating headphones and white noise is played around the players so they ca n't make out much . 
  what does that last statement even mean . 
  so cloud9 are never going to get any fanboys ? 
  vp are a more likable team . 
  it 's semmler , he constantly extends the truth in order to hype . 
  unless you want to do a pacifist run . 
  because the fallout series should be role playing games , where you play a role . 
  that could include a non murdery role . 
  ofc he is , but this kind of banter drives competition and is fun to see as fans . 
  a role playing game should allow for different way of playing the game . 
  some might even say you could play different roles . 
  you do n't get much freedom in this game compared to true rpgs like divinity : os . 
  this game became a shooter first and an rpg second , that 's cool but let 's not pretend otherwise . 
  it wanted to cater the more casual audience and it dumbed down in order to do that . 
  it 's still a decent game , just a different one . 
  it was just an example of the limited options fallout 4 offers . 
  i mean look at the dlc for this game compared to new vegas or witcher 3 , it 's pretty pathetic in comparison . 
  come on , thoorin would be awful as an actual caster . 
  he talks over everyone and just tries to be as edgy as possible . 
  half the time he is n't even watching the game . 
  xdxd, 
  the price for this dlc is very similar to hearts of stone and offers less than a quarter of the content . 
  automatron has about 2-3 hours of gameplay and 2 of the missions are boring fetch quests . 
  you are comparing a $ 2 dlc to a $ 10 dlc and you accuse me of of grasping at straws ... 
  edit : and on pc it was $ 1 so i 'm dumbfounded as to why you 'd compare them . 
  i used hearts of stone as an example . 
  why are you latching onto honest hearts ? 
  we could compare it to the dlc for the other big game of 2015 , the witcher 3 . 
  but comparing it to hearts of stone makes bethesda look like money grabbing bastards . 
  oh wait they are as their paid mods initiative proved . 
  same price , so i do n't see why not . 
  then compare it just to witcher 3 's dlc , which came out within a year of each other . 
  it 's not a favourable comparison to fallout 4 . 
  fallout 4 is a good game . 
  it 's just , for me , it 's so dissapointing compared to what i was hoping for . 
  but it is n't a bad game , just different . 
  are you actually arguing automatron is longer than hearts of stone , lol ? 
  automatron is 4 missions and 1 side quest ... 
  hearts of stone is 8 main missions , 11 sidequests and 4 treasure hunts . 
  but sure , you completed it just as fast . 
  because you are straight up lying , the average time to beat hearts of stone is 9ish hours . 
  for automatron its 4 . 
  yeah cs is big but league is on another level . 
  and a one sided bo5 is even more boring for the fans as it 's a chore to sit through it . 
  gon na link the debunked crysis 2 example ? 
  in witcher 3 you are playing a set character with a set backstory and the only choices you can make are ones geralt would make . 
  in fallout you used to be able to create your own story , not so much in fallout 3/4 . 
  they did one of these before and it was awful , 80 % of the stuff on sale was routers . 
  the players do n't want to play it either , as having to concentrate and play for 5 hours is immensely straining . 
  do n't have any links but its been said in the past . 
  it turns the game from an intense back and forth into an endurance match as teams run defaults just to keep from burning out . 
  luckily any user can just disable this . 
  they 've both released one dlc for the same price with the claim a larger one is coming next . 
  why is wrong to compare them ? 
  and yet all the main faction endings are basically the same . 
  most people are n't going to get anywhere near 144fps on a single gpu with new games . 
  you 'll still get very noticeable screen tearing if it is n't steady . 
  i meant at a steady 144 , sorry . 
  you 're right , screen tearing is a myth . 
  he was accused of it , there is no evidence of it ever happening . 
  gon na show any benchmarks ? 
  or just claim something baseless ? 
  in arkham origins ca n't you disable gpu accelerated physx ? 
  you turn it off the cape has nowhere near as much tesselation . 
  have you even played the game lol ? 
  yeah i mean on my igpu i can get 300fps on pong , so i guess i am wrong . 
  `` a bit '' . 
  maybe at medium you can manage that . 
  a 970 ca n't manage 60fps on the division maxed out so i doubt you just turn the settings down `` a bit '' to get a completely steady 144fps . 
  do you even understand it can be disabled ? 
  weird , it 's like we can both ask questions we know the answers to . 
  because it 's just tessellation , it 's isnt nvidia 's fault that amd cards are worse at tessellation . 
  it 's like me saying asynchronous compute is amd trying to sabotage nvidia . 
  yes , nvidia force the devs to implement it . 
  at gunpoint . 
  they both have released 1 piece of dlc . 
  do you understand english ? 
  one . 
  automatron has barely any content if you compare it to hearts of stone . 
  one,
