  it limits the pool of countries that can put out top teams . 
  not taking anything away from what they 've done , it 's a great achievement . 
  more people watch men than women , for whatever reason . 
  for example in 2015 the wimbledon ladies ' final on bbc had 4.3 m viewers while the wimblodon men 's final had 9.2 m viewers . 
  with limited time on tv you are always going to show you will understandably show what gives you the most viewers . 
  ca n't leech off book dialogue anymore . 
  history is written by those who can write , not the victors . 
  they often overlap but do not always . 
  it was blown up by the venetians , not the turks . 
  got ta love how you conveniently leave out the people who actually bombarded the parthenon from your previous comment . 
  hmmmmmm, 
  so still underrepresented ? 
  i blame boots , they sell condoms that make you want to bang white women . 
  this kind of shit is n't needed , you can recognise that the pakistani community here has problems without accusing all muslims of being rapists . 
  justice for rash , he swallowed his stash !, 
  fun is n't allowed here . 
  the vast majority of germans supported the nazis though , it 's why there was no large scale resistance or anti-war movement in germany . 
  imagine raping young girls then being out in 5 years lmao, 
  why is the sentence so short ? 
  more brits died at gallipoli than all other allied forces there combined . 
  shrek do n't care . 
  saw this on twitter earlier , have n't read through it other than looking at the first page but i imagine it 's related to his arrest . 
  do white people even have culture to lose ? 
  a 16 year old girl was executed in iran for being raped , such good guys . 
  he wanted to go to psg and they were willing to pay his 200million buyout clause , not much they could do . 
  imagine being conquered by people with no culture . 
  must be very embarrassing . 
  this is n't true , far more englishmen died in ww1 than irishmen . 
  it is n't even close . 
  the summary in the 1922 report of the war office put army and royal naval division dead from the british and irish isles at 702,410 . 
  the national war memorial in dublin is dedicated `` to the memory of the 49,400 irish soldiers who gave their lives in the great war , 1914 -- 1918 . '', 
  at worst 50,000 irishmen died , this figure though is most likely wrong as its counting the fatalities in all irish divisions despite the fact only 71 % of the irish divisions were irish . 
  this is not to take away from their deaths or to say you should n't remember them , just that you were wrong in your assertion that irish casualties outnumbered english . 
  he literally tweeted that all white people are racist . 
  carthage is who he is referring to . 
  that was more due to the fact there was fuck all in scotland . 
  it was n't worth ruling the picts at the time . 
  we can look at contemporary depictions of eygptians during the roman period in the fayum mummy portraits . 
  as you can see , they look very similar to eygptians of today , unsurprisingly , much to the dismay of white and black nationalists/afrocentrists . 
  we can also see [ from studies like this one ] ( https://www.nature.com/articles/ncomms15694 ) , that `` ancient egyptians shared more ancestry with near easterners than present-day egyptians , who received additional sub-saharan admixture in more recent times . '', 
  there were probably less black people in egypt and north africa back then there is now , based off studies like this one . 
  it is , however , important to not forget that there were black people in eygpt , for instance the 25th dynasty of eygpt was nubian . 
  i used to spend summers in ardnamurchan , i could n't hack the midges . 
  what else should he be doing , attacking corbyn supporters ? 
  a murder rate 30x higher than here , ca n't blame you for passing . 
  if i was around during ww2 i 'd make sure to condemn the allies as well as the nazis , no excuses for murdering people . 
  it 's been british longer than it was ever spanish . 
  i 'm glad we agree it should go back to the moroccans . 
  i 'm in full agreement , the danes have their shit figured out . 
  yeah , i misunderstood you . 
  we are stronger militarily than spain . 
  it 's a ridiculously dumb thing to talk about because neither spain or the uk will invade each other . 
  copts in egypt are having a great time . 
  only the occasional massacre to deal with . 
  shame they 've fucked his character so hard in the show . 
  what are you on about ? 
  you said it has never been done , he rightly pointed out it has been . 
  now you 're getting mad lmao . 
  turkish lmao . 
  the turks were still in central asia at this point . 
  is it being a shithole caused by the muslims , the ( ( ( ( jews ) ) ) ) ) or the commulists . 
  or that . 
  we spend more time trying to forget the empire ever happened than planning for a new one . 
  i do n't think he is disputing loyalists committed terrorist attacks . 
  the bristol rape gang was all somali , not pakistani . 
  her views are authoritarian . 
  stories like this are the only reason i 'm against the death penalty . 
  `` christian atheism is a form of cultural christianity and a system of ethics which draws its beliefs and practices from the life and teachings of jesus christ , as recorded in the gospels of the new testament and other sources , while rejecting the supernatural claims of christianity at large . '', 
  seems quite easy to understand to me . 
  3.4 % of the people arriving in italy and malta across the mediterranean are from syria or iraq . 
  the vast majority are not fleeing isis . 
  absolutely it was initially caused by that . 
  now though , it 's just people taking advantage of the broken system . 
  over 70 % men and the largest two groups are from nigeria and bangladesh . 
  sneaking into europe to escape boko haram is like sneaking into chile to escape the uvf . 
  libya had only 60,000 bangladeshis before the revolution . 
  most are coming from bangladesh itself with the intent of entering europe . 
  `` from bangladesh , they first travelled to dubai and turkey , and finally reached libya by plane , '' an iom spokesperson said . 
  `` at the airport , an ` employer ' met them and took their documents . '', 
  i feel sorry for them but they should go back to bangladesh , not come to europe . 
  she 's from a nation in the commonwealth which i think give her benefits in that regard . 
  raping children goes against catholic beliefs , that did n't stop the priests that did it . 
  nor did they stop being catholic priests . 
  the opium wars even being comparable to the holocaust or the belgian congo ? 
  integration was great or even good before the campaign ? 
  no shit , the vast majority ca n't relate to sri lankans . 
  says all international rankings ?? 
  what countries have a larger group of top world universities than the uk , besides the usa ? 
  i imagine if you compared average jewish and islamic attainment levels they would n't be all that close . 
  take a look at nobel prize winners for instance . 
  thieving priceless relics is an important aspect of our culture . 
  to deny us that would be destroying our cultural heritage . 
  nobel peace prize is meaningless . 
  you got a source on this ? 
  that 's not the best . 
  belgium has very similar problems to the uk regarding integration , terrorist attacks and ghettoization . 
  i guess some of them speak french so they are paying for french imperialism in the middle east ? 
  was the attack in sweden earlier this year caused by their reckless imperialism during the 1600s in poland ? 
  the ( ( ( media ) ) ) reporting on things he says and does !, 
  ships need lots of wood .
