  take the demoralised , underfunded uk border force . 
  as the public discovered after a people-smugglers ' vessel ran aground in may , it has has only three cutters protecting 7,700 miles of coastline . 
  italy by contrast has 600 boats patrolling its 4722 miles . 
  considering the impression mrs may gives of being serious about security , it 's all the more astonishing that she has also allowed the uk 's small airfields to go unpatrolled -- despite the vastly increased terrorist threat of the last few years , the onset of the migration crisis , and the emergence of smuggling networks that traffic people , drugs and arms . 
  then there is the failure to establish exit checks at all the country 's airports and ports . 
  these were supposed to be in place by march 2015 . 
  unfortunately the border force is n't the only organisation under mrs may 's control that is manifestly unfit for purpose . 
  recent years have seen a cavalcade of home office decisions about visas and deportations that suggest a department with a bizarre sense of the national interest . 
  the most infamous was the refusal of visas to afghan interpreters who served with the british forces in afghanistan -- as lord guthrie said , a national shame . 
  mrs may has kept so quiet about this and other scandals -- such as the collapse of the eborders it system , at cost of almost a billion pounds -- that you might imagine someone else was in charge the home office . 
  [ it 's not just a matter of the odd error . 
  yvette cooper pointed out in 2013 that despite coalition rhetoric , the number of people refused entry to the uk had dropped by 50 per cent , the backlog of finding failed asylum seekers had gone up and the number of illegal immigrants deported had gone down . ], 
  the reputation for effectiveness that mrs may nevertheless enjoys derives from a single , endlessly cited event : the occasion in 2014 when she delivered some harsh truths to a conference of the police federation . 
  unfortunately this was an isolated incident that , given the lack of any subsequent ( or previous ) effort at police reform , seems to have been intended mainly for public consumption . 
  in general mrs may has avoided taking on the most serious institutional problems that afflict british policing . 
  these include a disturbing willingness by some forces to let public relations concerns determine policing priorities , widespread overreliance on cctv , the widespread propensity to massage crime numbers , the extreme risk aversion manifested during the london riots , and the preference for diverting police resources to patrol social media rather than the country 's streets . 
  there is also little evidence that mrs may has paid much attention to the failure of several forces to protect vulnerable girls from the ethnically-motivated sexual predation seen in rotherham and elsewhere . 
  nor , despite her supposed feminism , has mrs may 's done much to ensure that girls from certain ethnic groups are protected from forced marriage and genital mutilation . 
  but again , mrs may has managed to evade criticism for this . 
  when considering her suitability for party leadership , it 's also worth remembering mrs may 's notorious `` lack of collegiality '' . 
  david laws ' memoirs paint a vivid picture of a secretive , rigid , controlling , even vengeful minister , so unpleasant to colleagues that a dread of meetings with her was something that cabinet members from both parties could bond over . 
  unsurprisingly , mrs may 's overwhelming concern with taking credit and deflecting blame made for a difficult working relationship with her department , just as her propensity for briefing the press against cabinet colleagues made her its most disliked member in two successive governments . 
  it is possible that mrs may 's intimidating ruthlessness could make her the right person to negotiate with eu leaders . 
  however , there 's little in her record to suggest she possesses either strong negotiation skills or the ability to win allies among other leaders , unlike michael gove , of whom david laws wrote `` it was possible to disagree with him but impossible to dislike him , '', 
  it 's surely about time -- and not too late -- for conservatives to look behind mrs may 's carefully-wrought image and consider if she really is the right person to lead the party and the country . 
  there 's a vast gulf between being effective in office , and being effective at promoting yourself ; it 's not one that theresa may has yet crossed . '', 
  true , although it does mean i 'm more likely to question what he says, 
  the above poster never said that . 
  who are you responding to ? 
  corbin has a massive mandate and my twitter feed loves him !, 
  how could he possibly lose ? 
   st george ( turkish ), 
  what ? 
  i know , i was wondering how he could be turkish when it would be hundreds of years before the turks migrated to anatolia . 
  you need to survey the entire 60million + to get an accurate sample . 
  lmao, 
  absolutely nobody is surprised . 
  druids did n't build stonehenge . 
  it was built before the celts arrived in britain . 
  it is a guideline , not a requirement . 
  sitting in alphabetical order ? 
  agreed , it was dumb . 
  i do n't think it was malicious though . 
  i agree , i just think a lot of people in this thread seem to think it was malicious . 
  what are you quoting ? 
  it is n't in the article . 
  the linked article . 
  homosexuality is also punishable with death for men in iran . 
  very progressive on female homosexuality though , they only get lashings . 
  well it 's our fault for funding saudi arabia . 
  islamic terrorists have no agency , it 's all our fault, 
  it 's part and parcel of living in a big city so we should get used to it . 
  our culture is definitely the issue . 
  we are too islamophobic and bigoted , we should all try and emulate muhammad . 
  because they were all democracies before the west interfered . 
  the victims are the people killed and injured by the islamic terrorists . 
  you 're a genius . 
  i imagine italy has a large split between the north and the south , with the north not being that far off from western european scores . 
  he was paid to appear on the iranian state tv station which was complicit in the forced confession of a tortured journalist . 
  kinda fucked if you ask me . 
  i 'm not a tory supporter so i do n't care to defend them . 
  they will probably win the election . 
  do you have evidence of her buying them off ? 
  edit : i thought not . 
  this sub is pathetic . 
  bernie was n't on the ballot either !, 
  prime minister johnson would be hilarious . 
  tragic , but hilarious . 
   `` no free refills ! '', 
  you obviously have n't been to nando 's or the harvester . 
  truly the mark of a strong society . 
  corbyn did more than that to make himself seem like a supporter of them . 
  to pretend otherwise is to lie . 
  what ? 
  sad that scotland would boo through the anthem . 
  the celts displaced the pre-indo europeans that used to live here before so they should have to leave as well . 
  these things happen almost every march . 
  sadly it is n't a new occurrence . 
  northern ireland is not a fascist state . 
  your link does n't work . 
  jews that left during the 30s or before world war 2 can get german citizenship as well . 
  that could account for some of them . 
  a long term plan which relied on winning the war . 
  seeing as that did n't happen it was a terrible long term plan . 
  if you want less immigration without integration you 're a racist , simple as . 
  nice meme mate . 
  sadly , these terror attacks show we are already divided . 
  because the tories are literally nazis . 
  you have some strong sweat . 
  they had those resources before colonialism and still were not as successful . 
  that is n't what i 'm saying . 
  skin colour has nothing so do with this , so i 'm not sure why you are bringing it up . 
  criticizing any ideology should never be considered extremism . 
  the majority support the monarchy so unlikely . 
  to what ? 
  the mail shot up the guardian headquarters killing multiple people ? 
  that 's very rude !, 
  could you explain why you are saying this to me ? 
  familiar in offence over a cartoon , of course the reactions are n't comparable at all . 
  riots are murders are not too similar to the daily mail saying mean things .
