  it makes sense to introduce more of the summers family . 
  do you suffer slowdown from it ? 
  yeah , i thought the guy i was replying to was a 970 owner . 
  just wondering because i 've got a 970 and while hover at over 3.5 gb vram usage i suffer no slowdown . 
  whereas in a game like assassins creed : unity if i go over 3.5 gb my frames drop like a rock . 
  bendis is writing her currently , illogical character developments are part of his thing now . 
  if he 'd dived earlier he would have got the penalty . 
  you 'll be able to run it at 4k , but if you do n't have a 4k moniter there is n't much point . 
  did you read what he wrote ? 
  agreed . 
  yeah i just ca n't justify buying it at the price it goes for at the moment . 
  a reprint would be lovely . 
  so if you ca n't get 60fps it does n't count as playable ? 
  i guess only a fraction of xbone games are playable then . 
  it makes a large difference in motion . 
  the reason he is having to zoom in is also compounded by the terrible youtube compression making finer details look like shit . 
  i was n't baiting in the first place , i legit just said that you can run it on pc at 4k if you want to . 
  then you said the only way to get 60fps at 4k is with sli . 
  i do n't really see how that 's relevant to the what i 'm saying is that you can run it at 4k . 
  ofcourse on a single card you wo n't be able to get 60fps maxed out but that 's not really a fair comparison when the xbox version is basically running at upscaled 720p and it still ca n't maintain 30fps . 
  lower some settings on pc , keeping it better looking that xbox , you will get 60 and still be able to have a better looking game . 
  she played the role so well . 
  because that will happen for either console within the next 10 years ... lol . 
  nah mate , they are upgrading it so those meanies at digital foundry are wrong . 
  edit : to 1440p using the hidden 2nd xbox gpu . 
  maybe he changed his mind ? 
  shit man , you do n't have to hate someone just because they became popular . 
  people care more about things that hit closer to home . 
  belgium is in europe which is closer to home for most people on here . 
  it 's 91 % upvoted ... 
  that 's not true . 
  i give at least three shits about bobby . 
  is it not possible this just is n't that good of a movie ? 
  or is everyone disney shills ? 
  well , from the reviews it does n't look that great . 
  it 's like going onto the marvel subreddit and asking if marvel films are any good . 
  they are going to be biased , just like everyone here is biased and in denial when it comes to the fact that it probably is n't that good of a movie . 
  why would they introduce the black racer without introducing the new gods ? 
  the black racer is n't the same as the black flash though . 
  http://imgur.com/a/ytmou this kinda stuff is why leafy does n't like pyro and it 's understandable . 
  not to mention that is breaking the youtube terms of service . 
  i do n't expect you to reply as it is n't really possible to defend that . 
  they are youtube `` stars '' , you think any of them know how to properly socialise ? 
  jokes aside , i agree with your points . 
  the issue is that pyro likes to consider himself not a leafy copycat when he takes a lot from him and knows it . 
  that 's why he tries to attract the same fans as him by using those tags . 
  i 'm also not a leafy fan and find it pathetic that he posted the private conversation they had . 
  meh , all he did was vent his frustration in private . 
  not lost at all , as long as you sorta know how secret wars ended . 
  it 's more in the epic cosmic style of it that it 's comparable to them , it 's not a continuation of the story . 
  ayyy , wrong person ? 
  i 'm lost . 
  talking shit about a guy that does his best to leech off another persons content ? 
  i do n't see the issue , pyro has and still does his best to copy leafy 's content . 
  wait what ? 
  pyro is n't some innocent angel . 
  it 's late here and i have no clue what 's going on . 
  it is n't out of line to insult someone in private , everyone does it . 
  / r/atheism is calling you . 
  your fedora skills are needed . 
  lol . 
  you read bendis guardians ? 
  the vision , ultimates and invincible . 
  yeah it 's not amazing , but it 's not awful . 
  just meh . 
  almost all of cosmic marvel was brilliant around that time . 
  lois *, 
  nah man , marvel only have street-tier heroes and dc only have gods . 
  that 's what le movies tell me . 
  max landis is a disney shill ... 
  he 's writing a good portrayal of superman to make this one seem even worse . 
  you deleted your previous comment :(, 
  if people ca n't work out it 's sarcasm then people should think for longer than three seconds . 
  nope . 
  the artwork is seriously creative and i love it . 
  bendis excels with street tier heroes . 
  i 'm very interested in this as hopefully he 'll be back to his best . 
  it making money does n't really make it a good movie though . 
  he 's called people nvidiots on his reddit account , he 's pretty devout . 
  that 's literally not true for any marvel event of the past 10 years . 
  it 's at +11 . . 
  the fuck is that, 
  that 's why he says `` maybe '' . 
  2edgy . 
  it 's just bass and disjointed noises . 
  i do n't get it . 
  you do n't deserve your fedora if you wo n't spit on any disgusting christians with the lads down at / r/atheism . 
  a guy choosing to eat kosher food or going to church does n't infringe upon your rights though . 
  who mocks greek gods ? 
  the league subreddit banned him and all his content and dota sub hates him for the chokey incident . 
  yeah i might be , just basing it off what i 've seen . 
  i 'm not an avid league/dota fan . 
  in what way lol . 
  the majority of religious people in this country do n't do any of that though . 
  it probably would but i 'm not going to campaign against their religion when i would n't want them to campaign against my lack of one . 
  i agree with you here , these groups are n't good . 
  i 'm still holding out hope . 
  are they related to kubik the cosmic-cube guy ? 
  i 'll struggle to cope if ghus dies . 
  ah ok , the name seemed too similar to be coincidental .
