  omg rude . 
  i 'm fully frozen at this point . 
  you do seem really rude and immature though , ca n't blame the guy for checking his suspicions . 
  saxons were , they are german . 
  the vast majority of the country does n't want to become a republic . 
  maybe you get a different impression from being on an echo chamber like this sub but it 's wrong . 
  reported to prevent . 
  good luck criminal scum . 
  lmao this sub . 
  the selection of museums we have here is great . 
  a lot of people take them for granted , especially the free access a lot of them have . 
  i mean you tried to do so . 
  you definitely belong in this sub . 
  this is what some people actually believe . 
  it 's also just a beautiful plane to look at , especially in motion . 
  it 's just their culture and you should n't judge it harshly . 
  it 's hilarious . 
  this is n't true , source it please . 
  it is worth pointing out too that the financial cost to britain of abolishing and later enforcing the wider abolition of the slave trade has been estimated at about 2 % of national income for much of the 19th century - that 's far from an economic catastrophe , but is a significant expense . 
  chaim kaufmann and robert pape have an excellent and very famous article exploring this theme of pragmatic policy versus moral impetus titled `` explaining costly international moral action : britain 's sixty-year campaign against the atlantic slave trade '' ( 1999 ) in international organisation 53 , no 4 . 
  likewise , tying into your point about the rights of slaveowners , when abolition finally took place in the 1830s this was still an issue - britain ended up paying out # 20million , an enormous sum for the day , in compensation to slave owners as part of the emancipation package . 
  that compensation remains deeply contentious today , given that it explicitly legitimised the rights of slave owners as property owners who deserved compensation , whilst it provided nothing for the african caribbean population of the region , who would have to wait more than half a century for the imperial government to begin to seriously consider supporting their economic and social development in any genuine way . 
  i did source it . 
  it really does n't matter . 
  russia are just pissed they ca n't afford to replace their aging carrier . 
  most non-muslim majority countries do . 
  hitting someone is still assault . 
  this sub is full of dumb `` woke '' americans . 
  larger populations obviously make you better , that 's why india and china dominate every sport out there right ? 
  surveillance is n't a right wing policy . 
  to be fair , disliking israel does n't make him an antisemite . 
  i mean over 75 % of the people that have made it to italy this year are adult men . 
  hardly wrong . 
  i do n't dislike israel . 
  i think some of the settlements they build are wrong but i support its right to exist . 
  i was talking about migrants into italy , you can see [ the data collected by the un here . 
  ] ( http://data2.unhcr.org/en/situations/mediterranean/location/5205 ), 
  yes but this sub does n't want to leave which makes it the same in their eyes . 
  yeah , poor hong kong . 
  anyone further right than me is a racist . 
  i 'm sorry you are friends with a racist . 
  tear gas lmao, 
  the best thing about immigrants is restaurants . 
  i never had pizza until 100k italians moved here . 
  it 's a common thing to pretend we have no culture or identity . 
  makes it easier to justify replacing it . 
  they obviously did n't try the food . 
  white people have no culture lol, 
  you skip the lines before in churchill 's speech . 
  them being `` i do not understand this squeamishness about the use of gas . 
  we have definitely adopted the position at the peace conference of arguing in favour of the retention of gas as a permanent method of warfare . 
  it is sheer affectation to lacerate a man with the poisonous fragment of a bursting shell and to boggle at making his eyes water by means of lachrymatory gas . 
  i am strongly in favour of using poisoned gas against uncivilised tribes . 
  the moral effect should be so good that the loss of life should be reduced to a minimum . 
  it is not necessary to use only the most deadly gasses : gasses can be used which cause great inconvenience and would spread a lively terror and yet would leave no serious permanent effects on most of those affected '', 
  as i 'm sure you know , lachrymatory gas is tear gas . 
  nice attempt at lying though , 
  i do n't think anyone is trying to purposely wipe out british culture or that there is some conspiracy to do so . 
  immigration without assimilation or integration will lead to them not taking on the parent culture or identity . 
  as the immigrant population coming into britain increases and the native british population decreases comparatively , the common culture will obviously shift . 
  i had a neighbour for about 6 months who would do nothing but blast tracy chapman all day and night . 
  i liked her music before but fuck me , i can barely stand her now . 
  he 's a comedian so it 's ok . 
  crazy that people hold you responsible for the things you say . 
  human traffickers . 
  public opinion was in favour of the war in 2003 . 
  the videos of the sex slaves used by japan came out today/yesterday though . 
  in what way is it not news ? 
  they spend 10 % of their gdp on it . 
  it 's crazy when you consider that countries like the usa spend 3.3 % and russia 5.3 % . 
  regarding the migrants entering through italy this year , over 75 % are adult men . 
  ukip caused this robbery ? 
  do n't worry , it did n't happen . 
  this is n't true . 
  it 's bollocks that sounds nice . 
  to a lot of people it 's a sign of bad decision making . 
  who wants to hire someone who makes bad decisions ? 
  why did n't the eu do it earlier ? 
  i mean they can be , anyone with any accent can be clever . 
  septimus severus had carthaginian ( phoenician ) and libyan parents . 
  he was not black . 
  what has that got to do with what im saying ? 
  you link an article describing septimus severus as black . 
  i pointed out that he was n't black unless you 'd consider your standard tunisian as black . 
  north africans were and are not predominantly black , sorry to break it to you . 
  the video is clearly portraying sub-saharan africans which as i 've explained to you , your example of septimus severus was not . 
  what 's your opinion on the iron age black celtic britons ? 
  a true revelation . 
  regarding your other example it 's not that surprising that one or two sub-saharan africans would make it to northern europe . 
  that they started communities or had a large population in northern europe is unlikely . 
  what do you mean ? 
  ummmmm, 
  i love how you interpret his concern to represent the entirety of britain , very strange . 
  yeah i always gauge government 's positions by lone reddit comments . 
  she did a deal with the dup ... so she wants to unite ireland with the uk ? 
  their constituents do n't matter ? 
  the allah is gay signs were n't banned though . 
  or are they banned from future events ? 
  do you have sources for those percentages ? 
  for a lot of countries women are n't really allowed to get into sports or ever think about making a career out of it .
