  adad wow . 
  [ lol . 
  ] ( http://cloud-3.steampowered.com/ugc/631913746833122106/48c035a994098a657801d9ae4a57fb063a50383e/ ), 
  it 's a lot of fun , my friends have really enjoyed playing on your server . 
  i thought a2a lockons were n't allowed ? 
  poppy for remembrance day . 
  no offence but if it takes you 50 hours to get 500 certs then i do n't think you should be allowed near a computer in the first place . 
  [ well that 's nice , a friend of mine got this run yesterday . 
  bawc would n't know about lolpodders i guess ... 
  hey i just checked vanguard ap stats and you are 2nd . 
  as shown [ here !, 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/qq0eeuk.png ) one thing i would note is that your stats are in every respect better than the person in first place just he has played a bit more , probably easy to call you better than him honestly . 
  edit : [ here ] ( http://i.imgur.com/t0wfpek.png ) is another for the carnage where you are very high up !, 
  ceres is amazingly balanced compared to most servers , especially with vs having seen a resurgence as of late . 
  and nc has more than one weapon for a max when fighting outside ... 
  oh sure , i 'd be willing to do tha - wait ? 
  good pilots ? 
  i 'll tell you if i see any . 
  will any changes be made to zoe maxs , specifically their movement speed ? 
  also , when someone bails from an esf , can you give the kill to the last weapon to damage them . 
  it 's annoying not getting rotary kills . 
  this is great to hear , i know it is hard to balance the ability . 
  the biggest problem with them is unlike nc maxs they can easily pick and choose their fights and if it goes against them , disengage with ease due to their speed . 
  no it is given to the player , not the weapon . 
  you probably could , i heard galaf is just some lolpodding scrub . 
  not sure why you would care though ... 
  luckily the deimos did n't, 
  3 of the top 8 users in terms of kills with the deimos are dhmr, 
  pump action montages always make me sad . 
  the skill present really does impress . 
  the two biggest users of the deimos in the game are from your outfit ... 
  greddyy is galaf :p, 
  then link yours ? 
  it 's kinda hard to believe you stay alive for 2 hours all the time in an esf . 
  the fact that you hide makes it even less believable . 
  you claim his point is wrong by saying you are a god with those weapons , people ask for proof and you go `` lol y r u bully :( '', 
  staying alive for two hours on indar winning all your dogfights against other good pilots makes you a godlike player . 
  115 kills with the mustang and 66 vehicle kills . . 
  and a tip of my fedora to you too , kind gentleman . 
  amazing what you can do with oil money ... 
  pop is fine on ceres honestly . 
   get a nerf , and you get a nerf . 
  everybody gets a nerf, 
   except the nc, 
   edit : i 'd like to take my time here as # 1 in this thread to say despite the joke , i fucking love it . 
  this patch really balanced out the ridiculously op spikes in balance ( i 'm looking at you zoe ) . 
  these nerfs may be incredibly painful to some , but they are bringing ridiculously strong weapons into a manageable range which allows for more diverse and, 
  maxs are are an unfun mechanic in the game and encouraging more of them is stupid . 
  and are also boring to fight as you will get instagibbed without a chance to defend yourself . 
  i do n't care what it `` should '' do . 
  what weapons should do does n't make for good game balance . 
  lowering the skill requirement in this game really is n't needed . 
  what the fuck are you even complaining about ? 
  you do realise they just put out an update ? 
  you really are the pinnacle of retardation . 
  i was hoping you would n't do it but you did . 
  `` le good day to you fine sir , le tip of my fedora to you '', 
  ohgod im mocking you and you do n't even notice it , its like bullying a br38 infil ... 
  but you are an eu second rate scum citizen . 
   ut you are an eu second rate scum citizen . 
  because eu doesnt matter . 
  thats what we deserve for not being american . 
  still retarded , replying to your own comments , that is n't how friendship works . 
  what is up with your ellipsis , two at first ? 
  then three ? 
  why are you trying to make it an issue ? 
  look mate , i respect soe but i done pay # 700 on this game and they do n't let me play ? 
  i pay for special member deals that i ca n't use ? 
  how is that is that not illegal . 
  im not be brave , just doing the right thing for good of the game . 
  i 'm the hero planetside deserves , but no the one it needs right now . 
  look ok if you 're agressive for a reason , let it out . 
  i am ears . 
  fuck off with your dogge memes this isnt 4chan . 
  serious time , why do you feel need to mock me for trying to play my game  . , 
  only if you are n't ginger . 
  i didnt ask for a book . 
  wow , you are rude , please be kind to a lesir like me . 
  if the heart wants itself it should kill itself . 
  says a guy with an a * for infantry accuracy , jesus christ , do you play with parkinsons ? 
  i will try , but the infidel americans try to slow me down . 
  i have an idea , how about they do n't break anything . 
  i just tk people because they play stupid blue faction xdxdxdxdxd lememes ... . . 
  would n't almost everyone choose scythe as for the type of dogfighting you will be doing in an organised dogfight it will excel . 
  my karma is all gone, 
  still , the hover dogfights would favour scythes . 
  nevertheless i 'm up for it, 
  kick him out, 
  best infantry player :, 
  nc - uh , i would have to say torokf but i obviously do n't really know . 
  best tanker :, 
  vs - faxmaniac + failed78, 
  tr - some deployed he prowler on a hill farming infantry, 
  best other ground vehicles ( gunner/pilot/crew ) :, 
  vs - n/a, 
  best esf pilot :, 
  nc - theindestructublenokia, 
  vs - daikar/blib, 
  liberator crew/pilot/gunner :, 
  nc - would have been blakezx + thunderstrom but since thunder went inactive i have no idea,
