  do you really have to mutilate our corpse :(, 
  what 's the point in leaving , they ca n't really see much worse . 
  i believe we can do it , i do n't think we will , but i believe we can . 
  i mean , this really is n't the end of the world . 
  we lose this game and we are at most 1 point off the top . 
  biggest issue would be how mentally destroyed the players are . 
  well , it was 1-1 in the second half !, 
  this just lets zergfits do what they normally do , but now they get extra stuff for it . 
  tfdn are doing the exact same thing right now . 
  sadly the game does n't reward teamplaying , so why do it . 
  you ca n't really say this when your outfit is going around ghosting as well . 
  u r uor sayvyor !, 
  just saying that currently your outfit is on amerish with 90 % pop ghostcapping the bastion . 
  it 's fucking awful , the entire nc command chat is jerking each other off about how well we are doing as they switch continents depending on which one is the easier ghostcap . 
  i noticed that you went on straight after i posted it :p sorry if i came across as a dick , i just get annoyed at trying to defend such huge numbers . 
  you sound annoyed that he has taken the time to master the nc max . 
  the dedication needed to learn to use two shotguns , i have mad respect . 
  they do mostly , they are one of the best tr outfits for actually fighting in good fights . 
  it 's outfits like hkon that currently 24/7 sit on amerish ghostcapping . 
  shotguns are the pinnacle of skill . 
  i know they are all such bad players, 
  after you ran back to the warpagte then kill me when im dogfighting 2 scythes . 
  haha , i think there was a scythe ... maybe, 
  look at [ this . 
  ] ( http://cloud-2.steampowered.com/ugc/433772397747039385/38b9899833d8024461b97503383cbd365c500cfd/ ), 
  you have to admit it 's a pretty good video !, 
  how much do those outfits ghostcap ? 
  nor should you , bkne has shown the nc what the words `` amerish is blue '' mean . 
  for that , they have my respect . 
  what the fuck are you trying to say about bkne . 
  the greatest of all nc outfits . 
  they work hard to maintain the nc hold of amerish , they are better than you , you scrub . 
  they make videos appealing to wannabe giraffes everywhere . 
  what do you do ? 
  make some nerd frag vids . 
  you know their motto . 
  be b ^ k ^ n ^ e be e ^ p ^ i ^ c, 
  in what way ? 
  that 5 hour downtime to fix this really was worth it !, 
  which is what the 5 hour downtime was supposed to fix . 
  despite the fact that the 5 hour downtime was originally 3 hours so they extended it by 2 hours and still could n't change a damn thing . 
  i wonder how they manage this every single time . 
  i 'll put myself in lonewolf for now , but others will probably join . 
  however i could maybe go in air squad but i would n't want to take a spot from other pilots . 
  fuk did u say 2 me . 
  ill fukn shrek u1v1 test srvr ns weapons only be there or be square, 
  r u sur3 u w4nt 2 g0 d0wn th4t r04d ? 
  1s 1t \\ / | \\ / h4t u \\ / | \\ / 4nt ? 
  that nerd 4 sure had tunnel vision , how some of these scrubs get br100 i 'll never know . 
  you can see the tracer in the screenshot < 3, 
  y mermaid . 
  que ? 
  1v1 test server rite nao, 
  you are so egotistical it 's hilarious . 
  wtf . 
  pretty much sums up planetside during wds . 
  it 's so much fun , ask frec !, 
  and for your primary make sure to use banshee because who needs a primary when you have coyotes . 
  lahm is gon na destroy him . 
  because ghostcapping never occurs on indar or esamir ... 
  wholy shit that 's quite rude . 
  drmp only flies alone and looks for challenging fights , why are you so rude about my baby . 
  yesterday , you were trying to kill me with a2a lockons . 
  rep. ... is that you ... if it is , you are pretty god damn attractive . 
  they banned me from their ts !, 
  note the key word `` trying . '', 
  `` farming with banshee is high skilled play '', 
  jackhammer is hard to use with its low rate of fire and low accuracy . 
  just saying what i see . 
  he isnt on the bench ... 
  hey , there were having a harasser race earlier !, 
  why are you so angry , ganking is a skill . 
  if you were a good pilot you would be ganking . 
  do n't be mad just because you got out-tacticted when you meet 5 reavers . 
  ganking is a skill . 
  you get bonus skill points if you gank with coyotes !, 
  dont be mad because you got out-tacticed . 
  seriously , you deserve it if you use them . 
  he is 2nd best player only conceding that to giggo ( look at leaderboard . ), 
  you really think he is lying ? 
  i was being sarcastic btw . 
  zealand, 
  wow daniel , you harass me on your ts , now you bully me on here . 
  why ca n't you leave me alone , physical scars heal , mental scars do n't . 
  you two scrubs need to join the airsquad !, 
  matti uses them because he wants to exploit the fact they are bugged . 
  while you are using rotary/locust , it will sometimes begin locking while you do this so as soon as you switch to tomcats you can fire instantly . 
  listen to him say it [ here . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g2dq4fxjg2c&amp;feature=player_detailpage&amp;list=uu_9hlggvobtptgropi9l-ma ), 
  because i was speaking english on ipt ts haha . 
  my german is non existant . 
  brilliant !, 
  leave the project in a years time , he even said he was willing to spend longer if neccessary . 
  i guess i 'm lucky i 've never been killed by either of you nerds . 
  vs libs kill you when you we about to dogfight , you remember that right ? 
  that was lolarious, 
  i 've been playing too much rust/dayz with nokia to be up for this in all honesty . 
  i also spend way less time ganking with groups so i do n't know the majority of nc pilots . 
  blng have 3 good pilots , rest are good but nowhere near as good as bequ , matti and spicy . 
  it 's really sad .
