  `` today , i am happy to announce that gddr5x , the fastest discrete memory component in the world , has already entered mass production . '', 
  fnatic have never lost a bo3 to lg . 
  so i do n't know why you 'd bring them into it . 
  i feel dirty saying it , but it is the best looking game i 've ever played . 
  the only complaint i have is the very strong motion blur which i guess is to blur the lower frame rate . 
  the game just has awful anti aliasing implementations . 
  the fxaa is really blurry so you can kiss any texture detail goodbye . 
  the smaa just does not work , which even nvidia commented on . 
  super sampling is good , but very resource intensive . 
  civ was always so realistic . 
  when my soldiers tower over buildings i marvel at the accuracy . 
   i do n't think the knight of the laughing tree is of any importance in the story . 
  hate to break it to you ... 
  a simile is a type of metaphor , so he is n't wrong . 
  chat shit get banged *, 
  i would n't know , english is my second language . 
  ever since london became londonistan i can only speak \u0628\u0648\u0646\u063a \u0627\u0644\u0628\u0631\u064a\u0637\u0627\u0646\u064a . 
  masterclass in bottling . 
  first let me tell you about parallel universes . 
  so all of the users did want it private ? 
  because counter strike is comparable to uncharted ... 
  i think bread is a better food than pineapple . 
  to be fair in the book it is less obvious that he wrote it . 
  i 'm explaining to you why people might think that way , this is a subreddit devoted mostly to the novels after all . 
  this subreddit is about stupid theories and dumb tinfoiling . 
  if you do n't enjoy it , go to / r/gameofmemes . 
  yeah true that , it is mostly like this during the season as people try to fit their book theories into the show . 
  so you only take into account what fits with your predetermined opinion , gotcha . 
  you think you want travel scenes , but you do n't . 
  a whole book for sam to make it to oldtown is boring as hell . 
  shhhhh you 're ruining the circlejerk, 
  you got baited . 
  hard . 
  have you messed around with the lod bias ? 
  changing it can cause something like this . 
  defenetly . 
  that 's a new one . 
  shhhhh you 're ruining the circlejerk, 
  welcome to reddit . 
  yeah man it 's looking bad is n't it ? 
  there are common framerate drops into the mid twenties , it is n't rare . 
  take a look at digital foundries video on it if you dont believe me . 
  the game looks amazing but the motion blur is ridiculous . 
  it 's very excessive but i guess it hides the low framerate . 
  are amd bribing reviewers as well seeing as they paid for reviewers and youtubers to go hawaii for the 290 launch . 
  i 'm asking you as a critical thinking person . 
  `` get you literallys '', 
  it has advantages like working in borderless windowed mode which as far as i know freesync does n't . 
  canada 's getting alaska . 
  we get ireland . 
  france gets us ? 
  i 've never had it not work in a single game . 
  it was working fine until all the survivors woke up . 
  when has he punched a player , or been just as bad ? 
  so he has n't done anything as bad . 
  sadly i think frank miller had/has cancer . 
  he 's never come out and said it but it 's widely believed . 
  that would be so fucking awful . 
  aerys was mad due to generations of inbreeding , nothing more . 
  taking that away would be awful . 
  needed to slow the walkers down for 1.3 seconds . 
  a very important job . 
  you ca n't recognise bronn by his ear ? 
  because it 's backed up by mountains of evidence , no shit . 
  navigating around pyke ? 
  where do you think they are navigating ? 
   r+l =d, 
  i 've seen preston jacobs video on that . 
  it 's interesting but ultimately a bit mental honestly . 
  although that is pretty much what preston jacobs come up with , what he wants . 
  the book has more emotion than the show . 
  it also has much better world building . 
  but how can you claim it 's better than the version you have n't seen yet ? 
  i found it much more disconcerting and shocking with the way catelyn described it . 
  he pretty much was the best scout ever . 
  so only 2 games are `` alive '' ? 
  yes , `` esports wise '' but a game does n't need to be an esport to be alive . 
  hey , he needed to slow the wights down for 1.4 seconds . 
  it 's a useful sacrifice . 
  the fact that grrm tries so hard to deviate the fantasy tropes that tolkien created tells you the impact tolkien had . 
  although i do prefer grrm 's writing , tolkien was a better world builder in my opinion . 
  how is that a plot hole ? 
  passive aggressive smilies  : ^ ) : ^ ^ ), 
  yeah he needed to slow the walkers by .5 seconds , it was very useful . 
  they could n't drop the ring into the mountain as in order to be destroyed it had to be dropped into the crack of doom , at the end of a small tunnel bored into the mountainside . 
  dropping it into the top of the volcano would not destroy it , merely give it so sauron which was n't the best plan . 
  an eagle is n't going to fit in there . 
  the nazguls would also do their best to stop the eagles and the eagles probably would n't want to fight them in a straight up fight without sauron 's eye being distracted . 
  of course let 's say the eagles have riders they drop off to destroy the ring in the crack of doom . 
  the eye is n't distracted and spots them a mile away and sends his entire army to guard the mountain . 
  gg fellowship . 
  regarding your complaints about the hobbit , that 's due to changes peter jackson made when translating the eagles to the films from the books . 
  in the books the eagles do n't like going near the mountains as the men fire arrows at them and the arrows hurt them , unsurprisingly . 
  they only agree to go as far as they did because they owed gandalf a favour for something or the other , i do n't remember the intricacies . 
  however , all this could be explained to you if you read the books before running your mouth . 
  this is the got subreddit though , so what am i expecting : , 
  lol , no it has n't . 
  kingdom come is not canon . 
  yeah , sorry for being dickish . 
  it was great , loved the art especially .
