  edit : i think at the beginning i said i 'm the best sniper on nc . 
  i would like to point out that i 'm also the best sniper on vs and tr . 
  from my experience , anything can be a good weapon for a sniper . 
  a good sniper can use anything to snipe , there is a reason i 've got 500 headshots with the bouncing betty . 
  as i said before , it all comes down to belief . 
  if you believe it 's a sniper rifle , well it practically is . 
  i do n't think it 's so much haters , more that people are tired of the `` lel rukt u m9 '' attitude . 
  are you trying to insult me !, 
  when i watch things like these i find it hard to tell if these are jokes . 
  do you genuinely think the time spent uploading that was worth it ? 
  was there really anything impressive about that kill other the fact the dead people had a br with 3 digits . 
  that 's still 3 digits . 
  you know what this reminds me of ? 
  i have a story to tell you . 
  libs arent op and are unable to completely lock down a spawn room on their own . 
  this is the truth , libs need more buffs and esf needs to be able to have nosegun as lolpods . 
  [ i 'll never understand how some people can just let themselves be revived only to be farmed again . 
  it was on the rock , the dora rock . 
  if you teach me to fly , i 'll teach you you to snipe . 
  coyotes are hated because they take no skill to use . 
  for sure you are better than failed . 
  that smg-heavy montage sure helped prove it . 
  this subreddit would be so boring without mike . 
  vs nosecannons need higher velocity , it seems like i still have to do a bit of leading , i assume that is n't intended . 
  indar has the best balance between power of air and ground vehicles , amerish is a pain to navigate as a ground vehicle and esamir has bad base design . 
  for sure , and i look forward to it . 
  i 'm just trying to say why people go to indar other than the obvious `` everyone is indar , so i go to indar . '', 
  air helping opposing factions air ... that never happens !, 
  tomcats only , nosegun is for tryhards . 
  how the hell did the reaver at 30seconds see you ? 
  contributing to the discussion is great . 
  since when did futurecrew play nc on ceres ? 
  you know , i know the camo you use as the `` nicknack '' camo . 
  nobody else on vs uses it . 
  do n't be mad just because you 're bad . 
  it 's a nice camo . 
  so if i see a light assault with that camo i assume it 's you . 
  i 'm only paid in stationcash . 
  but it 's another unwanted nerf to esfs . 
  that 's brilliant . 
  you should keep him , he seems like quite a `` character . '', 
  maybe unnecessary is a better term for this then . 
  so are all these posts just jokes ? 
  or is he actually being serious ? 
  he joined after he got kicked from dora . 
  nice k/d . 
  the sad thing is giroud would have done worse . 
  except its a 2 time thing , the whole city losing to wigan . 
  this is right before exams for me , sadly i doubt i 'll be able to make it and i bet a lot of others wo n't as well . 
  it 's good because every new player spawns in with 1000 certs so they can easily get coyotes . 
  why you gon na be so rude , it 's amazing . 
  he killed a guy who is br100 , do n't you see ? 
  surely that impresses you ? 
  [ hmmm . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/ps2ceres/comments/21vrs4/get_ghrekkt_episode_1/cghgx5l ), 
  so you have to be known to voice a concern ? 
  it 's the exact same thing galaf did for a while . 
  i 'm just saying that you come off as condescending just because the person is n't leading an outfit or br100 . 
  i think you sum up exactly why people do n't enjoy leading open platoons in your post . 
  problem just comes to all the nc outfits looking at a tr overpop and thinking `` hey if we drop there we will be 50/50 pop wise and it will be a good fight . '', 
  of course when they all do this it ends up 80 % nc . 
  multi-outfit gank squads with frecs guidance on how to use lockons . 
  sucks that i missed what sounds like the best part , though it was nice finally getting to dogfight you . 
  you should have to pay to comment . 
  the stupid shit you constantly post . 
  do n't use overwolf , it 's awful . 
  sadly the jackhammer still outperforms the mcg at the ranges the mcg is supposed to be good . 
  this guy greddy is always posting and i do n't think he is br100 . 
  some guy who spends his time complimenting woodman . 
  that only happens to scrubs like you . 
  it 's nice feeling like i have a chance when i see you , as opposed to before when i 'd check my cooldown before engaging you , knowing i 'd have to spawn a new reaver . 
  what makes woodman better in your eyes ? 
  i do n't spend any time on there so i have no experience with it . 
  i 'm genuinely wondering what it has that ceres does n't . 
  where are you expecting bender to play ? 
  you do realise cof and accuracy is exactly the same when in the air , adsing or not . 
  scrubvision , the sight for people that ca n't distinguish a wall from an enemy and need the game to highlight the enemy for them . 
  the worst part is i can no longer hide behind nokia . 
  single continent alerts create some of the best fights i 've ever been part of . 
  the problem is the multi-continent alerts that allow the superior nc population to play a huge part in the victory , which obviously is n't fun for vs and tr . 
  when it 's a single continent alert the population is generally even as we normally hit the population cap . 
  shield needs a buff , even if i make mistakes i want a crutch to lean on so i can live when i get ambushed . 
  unfortunately , as long as the other scopes all have red dots that are as fat as they are . 
  it 's a combination of things , anything decided to be cheese counts . 
  so shotguns , maxs , infantry farming with vehicles as well . 
  yesterday wolfshade was crying about the vanguard nerf . 
  he said prowler does double the damage as it has 2 cannons and this is true as he `` knows math . '', 
  i remember back when i used to spend time in a harasser , the only tank we 'd ever run from was fax 's . 
  if i see someone using the chaingun i get excited , it 's nice knowing i have to really fuck up to lose that 1v1 . 
  that 's honestly my biggest complaint with you guys . 
  you , i feel take alerts too seriously and sometimes seem to ghostcap/zergcap just so you can win an alert . 
  however , outside of that , i have nothing but respect and admiration for rmis . 
  you are an inspiration to all other outfits on the server !, 
  nc pop is gon na be high as long as we high . 
  you know what they say , the more freedom in your body , the bluer your blood goes . 
  blue blood is brilliant because it tastes of bubblegum . 
  when their entire team is fit , they have a good shout . 
  casual , i took a screwdriver and smashed it right in the middle of the screen . 
  you just go around in a lib farming infantry all day . 
  they just wanted to put in an mlgtage .
