  at first i thought they all had down 's syndrome . 
  thanks for the info , i 'll edit it in . 
  it would be good if that happened , competition will just lead to better comics for everyone . 
  iron man should just be called iron as superman got the man part first . 
  copying is bad . 
  why would you post that ? 
  you just are n't intelligent enough to understand snyder 's hidden genius . 
  no open world game will render 3d trees at that distance , it 's too taxing . 
  but this always happens , look at squadron supreme and hyperion for instance . 
  you will also gain ult charge from self healing as mercy which decreases the ult charge time so it will in reality be less than a 30 % increase . 
  the video is about how well the 480 and furyx perform on vulkan compared to nvidia cards . 
  how are they being a `` bs nvidia '' channel ? 
  yeah if you overclock your card it dies . 
  you described him as unbelievably good . 
  you 'd have to come up with a good argument as to how he could he described as good , let alone `` unbelievably good . '', 
  what did the hitscan hitboxes have issues with ? 
  hitscan weapons have completely seperate hitboxes , so idk what you are on about . 
  wonder why you were downvoted . 
  bendis . 
  hitscan players wo n't cry about the change tho . 
  not to the same extent and nobody would complain if they were made more accurate, 
  this is the most american thread i 've ever seen . 
  because if they known we would do that , they are less likely to initiate it . 
  so how are they nuking any other country ? 
  yeah , i 'd recommend the 480 over this card if this is how it 's always going to look . 
  edit : after looking around , it does n't seem that bad , very even between nvidia and amd . 
  lol, 
  that 's 4 games lol . 
  it took a long time for dx11 to become as common as it is , dx12 will probably take even longer . 
  most sexist lol . 
  i forgot all those female pm 's labour has had . 
  you mean in a general election ? 
  great contribution . 
  the nvidia sub is way less reactionary than this sub , unsurprisingly . 
  the tories are just waiting to tell the public what corbyn has said about the falklands , hamas , and the ira . 
  all this does is waste police time though . 
  the tories wo n't bring them up again for a while , does n't make sense to do anything but bring them up in 3 years . 
  they must be loving corbyn winning this . 
  they are more likely to win a general election than labour . 
  you live in a fantasy world where corbyn is electable in a general election . 
  if you are n't an idiot and use birth control they do n't `` just happen . '', 
  the contraception pill is 99 % effective , while the combined contraception pill is more than 99 % effective . 
  do n't forget the man can also use a condom which is 98 % effective . 
  so yeah , it is very close to 100 % effective . 
  if you have a child then most likely you chose to or were an idiot about it . 
  when did i say that ? 
  it is less than 1 in 100 , and that is not massive . 
  in what world is less than 1 % chance massive ? 
  that 's a game mechanic , the roadhog gets the first chance to attack , if he does n't then you can escape but why would n't he . 
  so it is n't an issue , it 's a game mechanic . 
  the hitboxes are changed and it is confirmed . 
  yeah i understand people 's aversion to implants or such . 
  i was going off of the data provided by the nhs and none of the statistics i provided were from implants or rings . 
  i am not demonizing people for having children , having children is good but you ca n't just keep on having them if you ca n't care for them . 
  it is n't fair on the child . 
  for example , [ this woman ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/society/2016/jun/14/newcastle-mother-17-children-taken-into-care-project-reduce-numbers-uk ) , this is something that should not be allowed to happen . 
  of course it 's easier said than done . 
  what new policies has corbyn unveiled for his leadership campaign ? 
  just out of interest . 
  i was going off nhs provivded stats . 
  you 're right , it is n't fair to call them all idiots and i take it back . 
  you were downvoted for that , never change amd fans . 
  so is chess peasantry ? 
  so how does he suck ? 
  well i was n't really contributing and at least the guy who is , is upvoted now . 
  you should boycott cs : go as valve are also an `` overly capitalistic company . '', 
  what are games supposed to be if not fun ? 
  what was the callers last line ? 
  i could n't make it out . 
  oh , i thought he said shiny president . 
  honestly not really , you can get into the 60s easily just through having good aim and ok everything else . 
  dmg + would put in the top 10 % of csgo players that play matchmaking . 
  you agreed with me ? 
  i said of those `` play matchmaking . '', 
  you are free to like or dislike whatever you want . 
  so will overwatch . 
  what point are you trying to make ? 
  it is n't even up for 2 seconds . 
  if life is so bad here , why would they come ? 
  i did n't claim they should n't . 
  yeah pgl did a great job at cologne . 
  that stupid fucking spinner robot got through instead . 
  not gon na lie , im pissed . 
  it did nothing . 
  edit : ahahahaha get fucked . 
  what happened to nuts made me feel good inside . 
  ironically the killer was in steam group called `` counter strike players are n't gunmen . '', 
  [ i wonder why . 
  ] ( https://twitter.com/bake_down/status/757321603415965696 ), 
  then you playing against god awful players . 
  the source is the link adoredtv put , did you read the comment ? 
  what is the purpose of comments like these ? 
  i see them a lot on links from the_donald and such and i do n't get it . 
  if you 're good enough you 'll climb . 
  i doubt if you refer to football in india they think you mean cricket though . 
  fair enough , i should rephrase it to `` if you are good enough at carry heroes you will climb . '', 
  what ? 
  there are heroes much better at carrying than other heros , that is a fact . 
  do you have a link ? 
  sounds interesting .
