  you do realise they made skyrim . 
  right ? 
  bethesda have never had strong base storylines or good combat , maybe this 'll change that . 
  maybe not . 
  people are just bored of all the fallout 4 fanboys so adamant the game will be a revolution in gaming . 
  it 's still done on an updated gamebryo engine and you can see the issues with it from the trailers . 
  running at 30fps is running badly . 
  good joke . 
  i 'll never understand people like you . 
  they guy is n't allowed to criticize the game and enjoy it ? 
  the game looks behind the times graphically , i know people will splurge out `` gameplay over graphics '' but when other games have shown both are possible , there really are n't any excuses anymore . 
  this , if he did nothing they would lose everything . 
  if he listened to molecule man he had a chance at saving something . 
  i remember there was an issue of ( i think astonishing ? ), 
  x-men a while back where his subconscious detached from him or something . 
  it headed to all the people he had ever loved and they were all women . 
  so if they do have what you suggest , its a stupid retcon to fit bendis ' needs . 
  edit : [ here 's the cover , i must be blind because i ca n't see the men . 
  ] ( http://vignette1.wikia.nocookie.net/marveldatabase/images/5/5b/astonishing_x-men_vol_3_63.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20130607081842 ), 
  because if the fragments of his personality show no love towards any men in a romantic sense , how could he be gay ? 
  the comic had his personality fragments head out to people he loved , none went to a man , ergo he 's never loved a man . 
  it just does n't make sense for him to be homosexual , sure he could be closeted but there is no evidence for it . 
  also after looking through your comment history , do your best to not resort to calling me a homophobe . 
  i have nothing against gay people , i have everything against fucking up years of continuity for the sake of forced diversity . 
  bendis . 
  but that 's terrax ? 
  what the fuck will that achieve ? 
  bendis currently writes for the casual movie fans , as you can see from this subreddit there 's no wonder it sells . 
  it 's bendis , if you enjoy everyone sounding like peter parker then go ahead . 
  it 's more your image is a downsampled 4k image which is very deceiving as the majority will never experience that . 
  yes , because the main storyline in fallout 3 was brilliant ... lol . 
  you said story , a rational person is going to assume you mean the main questline . 
  fix da water . 
  but if the main questline is bad and has bad writing , then the game 's strong point probably is n't it 's story . 
  the only superhero roster outside of squadrom supreme that seems capable of actually defending the earth . 
  ganke is confirmed from the previews , thankfully . 
  good luck !, 
  when i read comments like this , i 'm happy for you . 
  i wish i could have standards that low . 
  edit : read, 
  the game is capped at 30fps . 
  is the hsr-1 the sas-r tr ? 
  congrats on the win btw . 
  so normal wolverine is back as well ? 
  ah , makes sense , thanks . 
  100 dead in the theatre alone . . fuck ... 
  you ca n't honestly claim that his posts and comments are n't politically motivated in this instance , can you ? 
   i 'm sure you can try ask miller for a infantry only match after the tournament . 
  would n't put my hopes up though , your top outfits have a considerably lower ivi k/d and accuracy score on average than ours . 
  cobalt have worse infantry players than miller ? 
  the match is almost always decided within the first 20 minutes . 
  the rest is just waiting for it to end . 
  it just is n't as accurate or as fast as using a mouse , that 's a fact . 
  it still is n't as accurate as a mouse for aiming . 
  if it was , console fps 's would n't have aim assistand some counter-strike pros would use controllers . 
  born in france , lived in france , played for france , yet counts as algerian ? 
  how does that work ? 
  it was an elderly asian man with mental health issues , but sure , blame all christian whites . 
  source http://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2015/nov/25/japanese-man-court-pushing-woman-moving-tube-train, 
  `` this was one in the series of attacks in `` retaliation '' of the paris attacks . '', 
  is what a comment on this post says . 
  despite the fact this happened before the paris attacks . 
  to be fair this was a severely weakened black bolt . 
  yeah , i just hate this scene because black bolt goes from never having lost a fight to getting dunked in this one . 
  uh mate , bendis ' stuff overshadows that earlier crap : , 
  it only shows up with subreddit style , so i assume its a joke . 
  and how do you know i do n't love spiderman ? 
  but yeah , if anyone who does n't read comics sees this do yourself a favour and do n't read bendis guardians . 
  lol . 
  `` i dont know what to do with my hands , better push the guy into a pit . '', 
  sound reasoning there . 
  allen 's biceps are too small . 
  [ :  ] ( http://i.telegraph.co.uk/multimedia/archive/03231/57306383_ukip_lead_3231181k.jpg ), 
  why would you say that ? 
  yes , because the game has strong dialogue ... 
  russian hackers ? 
  do n't believe it . 
  fantomex is brilliant when used correctly . 
  i never mentioned how many times he was used correctly . 
  did he get yours now ? 
   i 'm not seeking attention . 
  the majority of the shit you post is you begging for attention . 
  you get called out on it and you still continue . 
  lol . 
  juggernaut would stomp the thing so hard . 
  he would stomp the thing , hulk and she hulk at the same time without breaking a sweat . 
  do n't forget iva svorcina , she is just as important as ribic with how it looks . 
  reevaluate . 
  i are n't a people ? 
  that 's his main . 
  where 's my neon pink . 
  this really made me love ronan . 
  he really wanted what was best for his people and he felt that was black bolt . 
  well danny rand is . 
  movie ronan could have been called anything , he really is n't anything like comic ronan . 
  it 's a shame , ronan can be a very interesting character . 
  pretty weird . 
  are you joking ? 
  it 's rider and has never been ryder , nor will it ever be ryder . 
  bendis can try and change the name for whatever pc reasons he pleases but do n't use that bastardization .
