  do n't believe you , ca n't spawn camp from rocks . 
  try again scrub . 
  i 'm sorry for not waiting 6 minutes in the spawn until we had equal pop . 
  i guess you are right , we are the ones that need to change , not you . 
  `` you ca n't spell for shit either . '', 
  i asked fax if he was fuzz and fuzz replied . 
  i was that guy once , i saw a video with a turret and the next-gen turret physics dragged me in . 
  i spawned in at tawrich and the frontlines were at allatum so you can imagine the action i saw . 
  i sat there for 40min before getting c4 'd by a br21 . 
  this is really interesting , thanks for doing this !, 
  stuff like this is brilliant . 
  i also want to ask if you could add theindestructublenokia as he would be 2nd for the reaver . 
  also want to mention that elduck has 1,054.317 hours in his reaver so that would put him first for everything . 
  sadly they both are outfitless so makes sense they do n't appear . 
  he only has 40,000 kills with it . 
  elduck has more in the reaver it seems . 
  elduck ha lots of stuff going on irl and nokia does n't play anymore, 
  he may play for a little bit but he has mostly stopped . 
  he still has been since he 's been back . 
  you 're a bad dood . 
  i once got 5 kills in a mossie , i reckon i could take bequ and matti . 
  at the same time . 
  tr generally has a 5 % advantage at primetime . 
  lol . 
  i 'll tell purrotte , maybe he will give the deimos another try . 
  everyone knows you are the best infiltrator trickshotter extraordinaire ceres has to offer . 
  he told me he had sex with a dog , he also killed a guy to stop him killing his dad . 
  if anything , we should reward him for his bravery . 
  stop making shit up and you would n't need to cry . 
  that scythe on esamir , awful awareness and ability . 
  fly with a wingman . 
  you will probably get lots of tells `` lol 2 scared of 1v1 rofl scrub only gankerscrub '' , just ignore these and try to stay alive as long as possible with your buddies . 
  whatever you do , do n't resort to using lockons/coyotes , they will not help you improve . 
  it already exists in this game , there is no way of knowing whether a guy is running flak or nano . 
  why everyone cries about implants but not this i do n't get . 
  i understand it , when you get ganked there is nothing you can do . 
  unlike infantry you ca n't just respawn and go after them again , unfortunately it 's the way the game is designed . 
  nice video , good shots !, 
  i love racists as well . 
  if you forget all the times he is n't reasonable , then i guess he does look pretty reasonable . 
  are you tryna call me greedy . 
  i did n't even have lolpods equipped !, 
  i hope for your sake that you are an alt account . 
  if you are actually real , oh my . 
  from april the 30th to may the 6th , you got no kills other than friendlies . 
  how . 
  you have n't logged in today . 
  my apologies , you logged in to die 4 times in a row . 
  ramsey is a year older . 
  nc havent had highest pop for b over a month . 
  you found 2 days out of 30 . 
  pretty much proves my point . 
  you only understand scrub : /, 
  when that guy rammed me , he started asking me to 1v1 him to decide who actually caused the ram . 
  i logged onto nc and told him `` im ready . '', 
  he instantly logged off . 
  so the moral of the story is , y u gon na record dat . 
  purplz got an erection reading that . 
  top kake *, 
  i just got told :(, 
  elduck has 1,288 kills with the he lightning . 
  i would n't call getting the auraxium and a few more kills on the same level as a guy who has 40,000 he kills . 
  edit : do n't want to come off as angry , just do n't like duck being accused of something he is n't . 
  they are n't really sidegrades . 
  from what i heard it 's the amount of `` xp events '' you get , not the amount of xp you get . 
  boosts make you a paying member . 
  it 's more how to farm during double xp . 
  most important part is to forget real life exists . 
  when bawc are in an airsquad , i 'm not going to engage alone unless i can do it quickly . 
  that 's easier when one of you is low on hp . 
  go be poor elsewhere , scum . 
  remember how awful your default reaver looked maybe . 
  like last time , really nice work !, 
  as you would expect , woflshade and pain1smyname in the top score for maxs . 
  why . 
  i 'm just a sad little bail assault . 
  when flak can hit you from 3 hexs away , it does n't matter whether you air a2a or a2g , people will complain . 
  saying if they played `` anti-air '' roles they would n't have to worry about g2a is a dumb statement and completely incorrect . 
  last i checked libs were effective at everything , libs are currently the ultimate farming tool . 
  do n't you mock godfrey . 
  as a bulgarian , i took your job while you were typing this comment . 
  i liked the msw-r when i tried it , is it any good ? 
  wursthanz ' first name is conchita . 
  you just need a great outfit like 418 to help teach how to not zerg . 
  it 's easy , you just do the opposite of what they do !, 
  you do n't have to be 100 % of the zerg to be zerging . 
  fact is 418 spend a lot of time in overpopped areas . 
  i only ever see uvg in libs now . 
  i only ever see uvg in libs now . 
  you do n't seem to understand that whether or not 418 form the entire zerg , if you are `` contributing '' to the 80 % nc zerg , you are zerging . 
  some people ca n't handle the farage barrage . 
  those people are weak . 
  i was on my phone , guess that was why it reposted . 
  if im on there , im on there for the air resources . 
  you ca n't expect a reasonable argument from anyone claiming the lib is balanced . 
  if they were rational , they would see it is n't . 
  lel , i 'm just waiting for the next thread , `` really tr why are you not communicating '' . 
  because libs are ridiculously overpowered . 
  if i want to have any good infantry fights , i find i have to stay on amerish . 
  you call it `` pinky '' ?
