  drama is the only reason i still lurk here !, 
  sadly i ca n't record so darknerd gets away with it . 
  preferably both . 
  i never liked nokia either . 
  makuza had it !, 
  he helps catch out those dirty [ communists !!!, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=browweicqpc ), 
  i love how you got downvoted for stating an opinion . 
  he has been amazing since he came back from injury , there is a reason he got player of the month for us . 
  martinez and robben are the same person ? 
  i was disputing your claim it was one person . 
  yeah , whichever team gets him is lucky . 
  he 's said he will be leaving , yep . 
  i do n't blame him , he is easily good enough to start for most teams . 
  it makes for a big decision if we make it to the fa cup final , does he start or does szczesny . 
  i think fabianski deserves it as after all , he was the one that got us there . 
  lol, 
  maxs provide fun gameplay !, 
  the only way anyone has been successful in this is through spamming air and maxs . 
  watching maxs is not enjoyable . 
  as if we could ever field a full squad !, 
  i do n't even think we would want to honestly , we are too casual and do n't play enough to look at it in all honesty . 
  [ i really love this one . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=orcpeqdixik ), 
  hawken has been dumbed down to cod with robots . 
  i would !, 
  unfortunately i 'm unable to play during the hours needed . 
  if its taking you that long , maybe games requiring hand-eye coordination are n't for you . 
  we got outnumbered in the air , once they owned the air we let them continue to do that , it was over . 
  lol, 
  they started 4 squads of air . 
  you need the leader to know that what works on live will not work in events like these . 
  server honestly needs to embrace ganksquads and stop shitting on them . 
  i used to hate it , but after being a part of this i 've realised they are necessary . 
  i agree , but in theory if one faction has a ganksquad then another has to pull a ganksquad to combat them . 
  come on frank , you know i do n't gank . 
  sadly with the changes and way things are going , it 's either gank in groups or do n't fly at all . 
  you sure you would n't want any libs ? 
  edit ; saw what you said to pintle below . 
  i know right , who cares about exploiters . 
  just shut up and let exploiters go un-named . 
  sllg deserve to be named . 
  i believe that exploiters should be named and shamed , complaining about people calling out exploiters is pathetic . 
  as you can see from this thread , a lot of people saw them doing this , myself included . 
  i got some good ones of rmis . 
  nc only go to fights where they underpopped . 
  dora are one to talk . 
  when all messages are nc claiming exploits are `` mad tictacs '' and joking about . 
  it 's not hard to see why people would just see this as an nc thing . 
  l0l , all they can do is gank , if i actually turn and attack normally they head off to the nearest friendly zerg . 
  ofcourse everything goes !, 
  i just dissagree with them `` looking for dogfights . '', 
  it isnt an exploit rofl . 
  you can jump up the vegetation onto the roof . 
  soe cares for pilots . 
  you seem ok , however freaknone would take you in a 1v1 . 
  i challenge you to a duel with freaknone , or are you afraid . 
  we were laughing so hard when that happened . 
  why did you miss out the part where you ate the dalton round ? 
  but i did n't get rekt , you basketball playing nerd . 
  100 % skill . 
  basically , i rek him . 
  he tries to rek me ( forgot to check himself ) and reks himself . 
  no libs through biolab ? 
  2scary4me . 
  sllg do not exploit . 
  if you can see them they can shoot you . 
  thats the rules . 
  ive done that a few times and they sent me tells saying i am a teleporting exploiter :(, 
  it 's ok to do this because you can see him from the spawn room and we ca n't talk as we are all exploiters as well . 
  / s/s / / s/s/s / s / / s/s, 
  well i guess he deserved to die then !, 
  not even checking his corners . 
  tsk tsk . 
  if anyone wants an nc on there ive got mine on there so all you have to do is ask . 
  yeah , same here . 
  i do n't understand why this is downvoted , it 's true . 
  not really condescending , we got the shit kicked out of us against cobalt . 
  auto-scout infils are n't common anywhere , you are the only one on ceres that spends his time purposely handicapping himself !, 
  i would never !, 
  trap is the bolt action right ? 
  oh thats the new one right ? 
  i tried our one and immediately regretted it as it takes aim and precision . 
  tskkkk . 
  i wo n't argue with you on this as you know a lot more about it than me . 
  well it is op . 
  i do n't want to boast , but i 'm probably the best sniper on nc . 
  i 've got about 10,000 kills with the longshot and i 'm on about 3000 with the railjack . 
  i 'm quite famous on ceres for my sniping ability , i 'm often referred as the best sniper in europe in general . 
  with this you pretty much know i 'm the best in the world as americans are just bad . 
  i 've made probably 10,000 headshots overall , as it is i find myself accidentally using the tankbuster as a sniper rifle ( unsurprisingly i am the best in the game with that as well . ), 
  people have often wondered how i got so good when it comes to sniping , honestly , it comes from the heart . 
  i guess for some people , this is a hard concept to grasp , although i would compare it to flying a sunderer . 
  you do n't try to do , you just do . 
  when i 'm noscoping fools , i 'm not thinking `` i should noscope him . '', 
  i just do , and when i do , i normally kill more than one person per bullet , its why i have an accuracy rating around 130 % . 
  enough about me , to the question at hand , snipers on ceres . 
  lol . 
  there are none , none comparable to me at least . 
  unfortunately for everyone on this server , it 's hard to shine when my light is blinding everyone.anyway , i guess you are an ok sniper ?
