  they stated they cracked it , while not releasing anything . 
  i can state i can fly , does n't mean shit . 
  jack flag being killed was the worst part of the issue anyway . 
  it 's literally just the first issue . 
  let it play out and calm down . 
  the majority of the people complaining , especially on this sub , probably have n't read a comic book before . 
  it 's the first comic , let it play out before you get on your high horse . 
  do you get angry with books after only reading the first chapter ? 
  it 's the first issue ... 
  you do n't judge a book by it 's first chapter , do the same here . 
  let it play out and see what 's going on before you launch into all caps mocking . 
  nah mate , all brits love the royal family and want jon to be royalty . 
  whereas all americans love burgers and guns so want him to be a redneck mcdonald 's employee . 
  well duh , maxwell cards are much better at tesselation which the majority of gameworks settings use heavily . 
  they never state how long he has been a hydra agent , you are making assumptions . 
  which is silly . 
  they know the flash is good and do n't need to constantly tell themselves how good it is . 
  this sub unfortunately feels the need to do that . 
  remember this is the marvel subreddit and the majority of people here do not read the comics . 
  you 're right , my bad . 
  i agree with your thoughts . 
  would n't surprise me though , if they decided to use that just to throw readers off and have it be mind control or something despite spencer 's claims . 
  luke did . 
  physx is used in games that amd performs better in . 
  hitman : absolution and the new hitman both use physx , just not the gpu-accelerated version . 
  you should probably research it if you want to claim it 's a gameworks feature . 
  i 'm talking more about the gimpworks style gameworks . 
  not the kind that is just a tool hundreds of games use without people even knowing . 
  not hairworks etc. 
  the show knows it 's a comic adaptation and treats itself as such . 
  it does n't try and be realistic or consistent or gritty . 
  it does n't take itself seriously and try and be watchmen mk .2 , it just tries to be a great comic book adaptation , with everything that entails . 
  hanzo 's arrows are n't hitscan so use the bigger hitbox like the huntsman in tf2 . 
  it results in less aim required to get hits . 
  it works the same in overwatch , red box for projectile weapons like rockets/arrows ( non splash damage ofc ) . 
  the smaller hitbox is for hitscan weapons . 
  this is the same in overwatch , you can test it out for yourself . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rlmlqo63e-i watch that if you do n't believe me regarding overwatch . 
  i linked you video evidence ... watch the second video . 
  here i 'll link more, 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gfofv1lvy_g&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=20 - shot is not on his head , still headshot . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pexwn_4y7wi - more examples of the huge arrow hitbox . 
  also stop downvoting me just because i 'm proving you wrong . 
  it 's not what downvotes are for . 
  i 've shown you how it works in the game . 
  what more evidence is there than that ? 
  will me linking some code change how it plays out ingame ? 
  i 've linked 3 videos ... 
  honestly at this point i 'm beginning to believe you are mentally deficient or a troll . 
  i linked 1 video in my first , it 's the second link . 
  i also linked 2 more videos in my 2nd post . 
  that 's 3 videos showing it in action in overwatch . 
  i mean i hate to resort to ad hominem but you seem retarded . 
  i showed you `` proof beyond the practice range '' in the two most recent videos i linked . 
  if you are unable to comprehend that then i 'm sorry for you . 
  you 're right , you are n't retarded , you 're just incredibly thick . 
  ljungberg * and bergkamp cost a combined # 10.5 million . 
  what are you on mate ? 
  the part where bergkamp and ljungerg were `` worth around 50 mil '' , when arsenal paid nothing near that . 
  do we really another thread about this in the same day ? 
  just read that one . 
  yeah , depending on timezones it could be easy to miss . 
  one of the pictures in the link is oberyn with a spear , which his what belieff is referring to . 
  atleast give some credit to the original creater / u/killerz7770 who posted it yesterday . 
  i know this is the marvel subreddit and standards are low but come on man . 
  pansy has apologised for what she did . 
  [ not really ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vaynzn8ptl8 ) . 
  of course a lot of people , myself included , run at potato settings in order to get higher fps but if you want you can have a beautiful game . 
  reddit is good at witchhunts , let 's go boys . 
  i 'd say the stanley parable , but i do n't know if stanley counts as a programmer . 
  it 's a lot of fun , just do n't read anything about it before you play . 
  she targets the [ big issues . 
  ] ( http://kotaku.com/the-gay-joke-in-far-cry-3-blood-dragon-is-harmless-or-496604699 ), 
  amd engage in anti-consumer practices as well , for instance getting devs to disable tressfx on nvidia cards . 
  for sure , both have shareholders to please and therefore do their best to manipulate consumers . 
  yeah i agree nvidia engage in worse practices , but amd are n't faultless is all i 'm saying . 
  there 's no proof nvidia purposefully tanks performance on every game with gameworks in it f0r amd cards . 
  g-sync is a better form of adaptive-sync when compared to freesync , just a much higher price . 
  the 970 has 4gb of ram that they lied about being fullspeed , thats the worst on the list and it still does n't change the benchmarks the card had . 
  although it is disgusting that they lied to our faces like that . 
  edit : https://www.reddit.com/r/pcmasterrace/comments/4lhnow/xpost_rwsb_slid_evga_980tis_beat_slid_evga_1080s/, 
  after seeing that post you made i can see you are a fanboy constantly hoping to show the world how bad nvidia so i 'm not going to go any further with you . 
  all the comments on your post call you out on your bullshit , do n't make it out like you had no agenda . 
  that 's for lichdom : battlemage . 
  their reputation comes from what people think of them , what people think of them is generally explained by their anecdotes . 
  for centuries *, 
  is the fury-x price gouging as well ? 
  i mean it 's more expensive than the 1070 and performs worse . 
  it 's ya boy jeralt of river . 
  as you 've got no evidence , it 's illogical to be 100 % on your position . 
  edit : explain how i 'm wrong rather than downvoting ... 
  does n't change its price relative to the competition . 
  alias , powers , his daredevil run and ultimate spider-man are all really good . 
  in old 616 it was that the first lone being in existence , called nemesis , felt lonely and split herself up into the infinity gems . 
  she also formed a large part of the multiverse when she did that . 
  edit : or she came from the ultraverse and the gems made their way into 616 somehow . 
  he can be a fanboy without being paid . 
  you do realise that ... right ? 
  it 's shitposting . 
  but but but muh nvidiot shill,
