  physx is doing amazing , what are you on ? 
  reddit has a habit of explaining that having sex with teenagers that have hit puberty is no longer paedophilia , it 's some other philia . 
  as if that makes it better . 
  to be fair , it 's no better at the etihad . 
  yes but i like to hope you do n't defend sex with 14 years . 
  just because one is worse than the other does n't make the other right . 
  a stupid question that 's answered hundreds of times . 
  the fans that can afford to go are not the sort of fans that will make a lot of noise , everyone knows that . 
  because i knew the risks when i bought it and chose to take them . 
  until lg win something they wo n't be above envy . 
  stop abandoning games or griefing then . 
  [ i serve at the will of the empress ] ( http://www.marvunapp.com/appendix5/smasherwok3.jpg ), 
  i must have missed it being passed . 
  anything that contains assets from another game/movie etc or involves nudity/porn . 
  the microsoft store is awful in comparison to steam or origin . 
  then you find out every option leads to the same result /, 
  because they did so well with feedback for gfwl . 
  * no exclusive fullscreen so no freesync/g-sync . 
  * no overlays of any sort like afterburner/rivatuner, 
  * no overlay means no steam controller or steam link support, 
  * no injectors , goodbye sweetfx, 
  * no sli/crossfire due to it being run as a phone app rather than an application, 
  it 's gfwl 2.0 , nothing more . 
  no trying to start shit but arsenal have won the league 3 times , so that does n't really make any sense . 
  like they adjusted gfwl due to feedback , thanks for the laugh mate . 
  buy a game off steam and yet it still has extra drm , gfwl . 
  gfwl then asks for a cd key despite already having bought it on steam . 
  then if you want to save your game you have to sign up and create an account . 
  of course before you can do this you need to update gfwl which requires closing the game to update . 
  then you can hopefully pay the game you bought after jumping through the required hoops , as long as the buggy piece of shit does n't crash somewhere along the way . 
  the interface is awful and way too slow compared to its competitors . 
  they stopped support for servers at the end of 2014 so you 're fucked unless the games switch to steamworks or another alternative , which some did . 
  their cloud saving system sucked and for a lot of people , myself included , had their save files randomly corrupted . 
  this was n't a rare occurrence either , you can google it and see how frequently it happened . 
  it 's a terrible way to implement drm and defending it is a bit silly , but what can i expect on the xbox subreddit . 
  support for gfwl was just as bad while they had it . 
  are you seriously arguing steam is worse than gfwl, 
  ok , those people are b.ullshitting and know what they did . 
  it 's like people who get vac banned claiming they never cheated , it 's called lying . 
  i agree with the sentiment , but what has opengpu provided in any game ? 
  so it has never been implemented in a game ? 
  edit : is n't rotr 's implementation of purehair not open source as it is n't available anywhere ? 
  they are just making baseless claims , why would i bother to dispute something without any proof ? 
  edit : peace out , have fun with your dated 2012 technology . 
  inb4 `` i 've got a titan x m8 '', 
  but then how can you know it rocks ? 
  you are thinking about hardware-accelerated physx , not software physx . 
  loads of games nowadays use software physx so you are wrong on that front . 
  for example , gta 5 , witcher 3 , the new hitman and dying light all rely on software physx to run whether you are amd or nvidia . 
  it 's definitely not a gimmick . 
  i mean that the changed version square enix made is n't available to other people , defeating the point of gpuopen . 
  you were claiming it was a gimmick , if it 's the basis of so many games physics systems , then how can it be a gimmick ? 
  it 's an option , is n't pc all about having options ? 
  you also do n't have the option of running those aspects of physx on the gpu anyway , so please stop making stuff up :(, 
  v sync is not gsync/freesync . 
  why should he ? 
  wait until the americans try and introduce `` tilting '' . 
  he 's so fucking stupid . 
  no discipline . 
  3 reds in 2 games against chelsea . 
  and coq just cost us the game :(, 
  it 's debatable because he did n't cause alli to fall , alli tripped over himself . 
  he pulled alli 's shirt then 3 seconds after alli tumbles down after colliding with his own legs . 
  arsenal bottled it , the ref choked and tottenham were tilted so hard . 
  that 's pretty much it ... and bt threw . 
  i 'm not going to argue with someone called `` dothedelealli '' about alli possibly being fouled . 
  bellerin did not cause alli to trip , he let got of his shirt before alli tripped over his own feet . 
  and if dier had been sent off , as he should have been , this would have never happened so it 's irrelevant . 
  because coquelin is comparable in ability and leadership to vieira ... lol, 
  vieira has done way more for us than coq ever has or probably ever will . 
  do n't take this as me hating on coq though , he fucked up today but he 's a good player . 
  just thinks it 's dumb to compare the two . 
  i know , of course windows store is better than steam . 
  just wait until volta with me mate , 2018 is n't that far away . 
  calm down , no need to be so angry . 
  if it comes down to microsofts implementation of hbao + then nvidia ca n't be blamed really for that . 
  it 's illegal to do the nazi salute in germany so i ca n't blame the teacher . 
  you take this way too seriously rofl, 
  that 's all well and good but when are they planning on fixing negative lod bias clamp ? 
  it 's been well over a year and all they do is note is a limitation in every driver they release . 
  shutting down every forum post that asks about this is shady as fuck . 
  really frustrating . 
  you 're gon na be downvoted for saying that round here . 
  neon pink or riot . 
  the human eye is digital ... right . 
  you do realise its based on a comic ? 
  it 's impossible bendis abandoned a plot line . 
  impossible . 
  i 'd heard this femthor run was getting better , shame if that is n't the case . 
  his god-butcher arc was so good . 
  dank and random . 
  not a fan of your boy memepool ? 
  but loki moved on from this kind of stuff . 
  assuming of course he is n't faking/pretending . 
  uh yeah , that is n't what it should be showing you . 
  it 's deadpool flipping a pancake with a mountain of pancakakas behind him . 
  i have n't been reading it to be fair . 
  i gave up on it after the abysmal pre secret wars run . 
  all i 've seen is scans of odin and thor getting ready to fight . 
  if thorster somehow beats odin you can consider my jimmies permanently rustled .
