  there 's always one . 
  absolutely , only westerners have any agency . 
  everything bad is caused by the west . 
  you need to list off all of [ these . 
  ] ( http://abcnews.go.com/blogs/headlines/2014/02/heres-a-list-of-58-gender-options-for-facebook-users/ ), 
  i do n't think he 's an option . 
  he never said he feels `` so oppressed '' ? 
  [ here 's an interesting article on what happened to argentina . 
  ] ( http://economix.blogs.nytimes.com/2009/10/06/what-happened-to-argentina/?_r=0 ), 
  got ta love how they always go with asian men . 
  damn chinese and their confucian law . 
  good on the metro for photoshopping in another black guy . 
  [ no it 's the `` anti-war '' left . 
  ] ( http://www.stopwar.org.uk/news-comment/1538-if-we-have-to-pick-a-side-over-crimea-let-it-be-russia ), 
  groups such as islam4uk are already classified as terrorist organisations ... 
  just boring at this point . 
  it 's crazy , i 'd never heard the phrase used until after the us election . 
  why was n't he playing centrally at schalke ? 
  lmao . 
  typical fake news . 
  edgy . 
  and he gets extra time off . 
  just means you are a bigot . 
  just means they are bigoted facts . 
  970 overclocks really well though so not doing it makes no sense . 
  absolutely . 
  that view does n't make any sense though , australia and new zealand were not forced to fight . 
  there is also the fact that 34 thousand british soldiers died in during the gallipoli campaign , as did 8.7 thousand australians and 2.7 thousand new zealanders . 
  does n't really fit with the narrative . 
  in what way does what he said indicate he is a white nationalist ? 
  what, 
  it 's insane . 
  lol, 
  this sub sometimes ... 
  western culture is one of the least hateful out there . 
  i mean if the west is so bad why do people from outside it flock to it ? 
  of course we are capable of hate . 
  hating on an outgroup is not specific to our culture at all . 
  what i 'm saying is relative to the vast majority of the world , we are less xenophobic and a better place for foreigners to come to . 
  that 's the reason they coe . 
  is n't he officially no longer a tory ? 
  thanks . 
  the article does n't mention israel . 
   so what do you want then ? 
  for white british women to be strapped down and forced to have babies . 
  i heard rotherham was implementing that . 
  generally , we do n't . 
  the state of our navy is embarrassing . 
  i have the exact same issue on my 970 , i 've just learnt to live with it . 
  look at all the attention this sub is giving her right now . 
  nah , the profit margin on console gpus is tiny . 
  peak / r/uk, 
  edgy . 
  we are practically asking for it !, 
  i wo n't complain when the next terrorist attack occurs , safe in the knowledge we promoted and most likely wanted it to happen . 
  the article does n't mention how into christianity he was , just says he had christian parents and was probably christened . 
  read the article . 
  it 's our fault again . 
  it 's a shame he had no agency and was forced to do what he did . 
  obviously it is n't all muslims or pakistanis committing crimes , but they are heavily over represented . 
  [ a report ] ( http://www.thetimes.co.uk/tto/news/uk/crime/article2863058.ece ) by the times details the extent of the issue . 
  of the 56 offenders convicted since 1997 for crimes relating to on-street grooming of girls aged 11 to 16 , three were white , 53 were asian of which 50 were muslim , and most were from the british pakistani community . 
  this is only for convictions in the north and midlands . 
  `` with the exception of one case involving two white men in blackburn , the times has been unable to identify any court case in which two or more white british , kurdish , african-caribbean or bangladeshi men have been convicted of child-sex offences linked to on-street grooming . '', 
  i mostly love the implication that he was committing crimes due to his belief in christianity . 
  he says in the article he is n't a muslim ?? 
  go men ! 111 !, 
  you could say the same about the gtx 480 joke . 
  and the assyrian one . 
  it 's what they desperately want to be true . 
  i did n't realise he was going to be in this so that 's a nice surprise . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bgppocn41f4 he beat the nameless king with bongo drums . 
  he never says he identifies as muslim in the article , you 've decided that . 
  they 've always been antisemitic , you often see comments about ( ( ( globalists ) ) ) or the `` jewish question '' . 
  it 's sad . 
  it 's supposed to be a poppy , but i can see how it looked like a carrot . 
  i 'm surprised this is n't upvoted with the level of self flagellation on this sub . 
  dumb nerds ! 1, 
  i do n't think bradford is the best idea . 
  did you list comedy characters ? 
  lmao, 
  why ? 
  please do n't say gallipoli ... 
  `` at gallipoli , his plan called for a fast , powerful naval assault on the narrows leading to constantinople . 
  the attack proceeded as per his original plan , and following bombardment by the amassed british and french task force , the ottoman capital lay open . 
  the batteries along the shores were running dangerously low on ammunition and constantinople was already being evacuated . 
  then the task force , under admiral derobeck moved into the narrows . 
  once inside , an errant mine hit a french ship , causing it to sink . 
  derobeck overreacted and withdrew all ships in his command from the narrows , meaning that the landings at gallipoli , which were meant to be only in support of the naval assault and were already significantly weakened by kitchener refusing to allocate surplus troops from the western front , became the main thrust of the attack . 
  had derobeck stuck it out and kept to churchill 's plan , the task force could well have sailed nigh on unchecked up the bosphorus and forced an early ottoman surrender . '', 
  sources :, 
  * manchester , william . 
  the last lion : winston spencer churchill, 
  * churchill , winston . 
  the second world war, 
  credit to / u/thenecromancer, 
  europe is a great power . 
  the usa is the only current superpower . 
  no country has anywhere near the power projection of america at the moment , the economy is n't the only measure . 
  when europe relies heavily on the us for power projection it 's hard to see it as a superpower .
