  pump action shotguns are not hard to use , so it 's a silly comparison . 
  i fight in 75 % pop areas ? 
  you are so deluded . 
  edit : i have enough kills with pump actions to know how cheesy they are , it 's not that fun after a while instagibbing others without them having a chance to react . 
  you primarily use pump-actions , easy and cheesy , but i guess that 's how you like it . 
  after all you do fly with lockons . 
  you also boast about being able to kill sunderers in underpopped areas , lol ... ejection seat esf makes that so easy its ridiculous . 
  whats next , `` guys i can kills esfs with lockons , are you impressed with my skills yet ? '', 
  also if you look at my dalton kills , my ration of infantry kills to vehicle kills is much lower than yours . 
  but you would n't be farming infantry would you ? 
  no , you are obviously constantly destroying those 12/12 galaxies . 
  if drama occurs in this thread , i will do it . 
   you fight in air squads looking for individual pilots, 
  ask any good pilot on the server whether or not i do this , i have n't flown with more than 1 person for over two months . 
  ask ubad00d , darkelf , frankmite , emil ... anyone . 
  they all know that i am barely , if ever , in these `` 5v1ing '' gank squads you propose i am in all the time . 
  i suppose this is another example of your ego getting the better of you , causing you to make crap up . 
   i get more kills with every weapon because i fight outpopped, 
  you have 108 days gametime and have 98,000 kills . 
  i have 76 days gametime and have 90,000 kills . 
  you average 907.4 kills every 24 hours , i average 1184.2 kills every 24 hours . 
  as you can see , i get more kills than you . 
  you are so arrogant it 's ridiculous , you only have more kills than me because you have such a higher playtime . 
  as you can see from above , your kpm is quite a lot lower than mine , i guess you are n't any good at killing despite the fact you `` supposedly '' fight more enemies than i do . 
  the more likely thing is that i fight more enemies than you do , fighting in an even more `` target rich environment '' than you do . 
  maybe you should check yourself before you start accusing other of getting less kills . 
   you get less kills because there are simply less things to kill where you fight . 
  as we have seen above , i get many more kills than you do , so do n't make stuff up . 
   stop lying to yourself and recognise that you need that comfort zone of a large number of nc players nearby . 
  i guess the fact that i have more kills per hour than you comes from me playing with lots of friendlies who would be competing with me for kills . 
  wait , that does n't make any sense , because it is illogical and untrue . 
  yeah its from probably a year ago , its darkelf :p, 
  giroud is actually so hot !, 
  zergface according to * someone * . 
  jesus man , make your mind up . 
  you say i get less kills , claiming this is due to me not fighting in `` target rich environments . '', 
  i show you that on average i get more kills than you , then you say this is due to me farming infantry in an overpopped zone which is somewhere '' there are simply less things to kill where you fight . '', 
  weird that i get more kills than you ... 
  i 've never insulted aip or you over yell . 
  the one i see the most is golubkov in the air and gunning a harasser , ironically yesterday he was doing this yesterday at a 75 % tr base , bulldogging anyone who left the spawn . 
  i do n't mind you using tomcats , just that the only time i 've seen you in the air , the two of you were using tomcats . 
  i 'm assuming you understand how cheesy they are and i do n't have to explain it to you . 
  fighting 50/50 is bad ? 
  pintle has played with us on nc , you should ask him about how zergy we are , how we scout out the best overpopped fights and race over there . 
  i doubt you will though , that would ruin your illusion that i 'm the devil in zerging form . 
  england were n't bad , we played well against italy and got unlucky . 
  sterling played badly in the 2nd game and wilshere seemed like our best bet against uruguay and he was nowhere to be seen . 
  we are top10 , no we are n't the best but england are horribly underrated . 
  a group where uruguay or italy wo n't qualify , is a damn hard group . 
  im not going off the ranking system . 
  i could n't get it working either . 
  it got deleted , praise the mods . 
  reported for aimbot , gg hacker . 
  that 's nidu actually . 
  it 's generally smaller , but 2nd rate customers will always be 2nd rate . 
  drama drama drama !!, 
  i know , i just do feel if we got belgiums group etc. 
  we could quite easily quality . 
  he has been out of form since he came back from injury , but when you look at his best performances . 
  he can be way better than henderson or barkley . 
  take a look at [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dp_pcg9cmio&amp;feature=kp ) and tell me barkley has ever had a performance remotely similar . 
  yes wilshere is not currently performing that well , but given time to has the potential to be a world beater . 
  he has suffered through injury and has missed a lot of gametime , barkley shows nowhere near the potential that jack does . 
  didnt you hear ? 
  if you a harass a person constantly they dont like it . 
  who would have thought . 
  as the mods only delete them from showing up on the subreddit . 
  you can go onto k1ngs/aworthys profiles on reddit and look through when they posted their messages to piece together the drama . 
  cakeface hopefully . 
  ubout that . 
  vs has its fair share of them :p, 
  okay , i think i 'll keep it as it is , just to please plebs like daniel . 
  i mean cakeface is currently taken by a br5 that has n't played for years . 
  maybe he will login ? 
  do n't want to take that away from him . 
  6/10 of the top scoring maxs on ceres are from vs. interestingly aworthy ( farmingisdisgusting ) a is on there . 
  i 'm not gon na argue with you , as my own * zerging * affects my views . 
  daniel is always fishing for karma , fucking pleb that he is . 
  thermal makes the game harder mannnnn , you can only see in two colours . 
  amen to that . 
  the trees are better cover for ai farming esfs and libs than they are are for the infantry , which is hilariously stupid . 
  for farming with air maybe , for infantry gameplay it is terrible . 
  the points are too far are away from the defenders , leading to them getting farmed by air as they leave the spawn room . 
  the cliffs around most of the bases give space for he farmers . 
  the trees are the worst , all the leaves just give room for the lolpodders and libs to farm the infantry . 
  as soon as the infantry try to bring aa the lolpodders just fly up 10m and they are completely safe . 
  good base design would not allow he spam infront of spawn . 
  no versatility allowed . 
  the game must be an advanced version of `` rock , paper , scissors . '', 
  since when did ronald play tr ? 
  [ awol - sailnation . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=wmq-6yyn7pm#t=115 ), 
  mikebrown playing max on biolab defense . 
  m1k3sh4d3 ? 
  we ca n't afford him . 
  but matti only flies alone . 
  why do you have a new account every time i see you post ? 
  jesters r best lelelelelelelelelelel, 
  you do n't seem to realise that bkne are a huge part of ceres nc . 
  they are by far the most active outfit on nc , sadly they are completely braindead .
