  we support countries like saudi arabia that are doing much worse in yemen yet you do n't seem to be so concerned with them . 
  on another note , why are n't you banned for hoping another user and their family dies in a car crash ? 
  that 's not true . 
  both are taken into account . 
  pillars of eternity is a game in a niche genre . 
  spain has over 20 % unemployment , it 's in a worse state . 
  i do n't really see many benefits outweighing living in poverty . 
  which a lot more spanish kids live in than british ones . 
  haha maybe . 
  never on site filming . 
  nothing worse than a terrorist attack/massacre . 
  you do realise pmq 's is half an hour a week , right ? 
  france is full of french people , if i was an economic migrant i 'd want to leave . 
  i 'd be amazed if bep was active in modding this sub honestly . 
  what ? 
  i ca n't wait for the blasphemy laws . 
  somalis perform a lot worse at school as well , this data only pertains to london but does tell you a lot . 
  having gone to a school with a lot of somalis i can say anecdotally that the majority do n't care about learning . 
  some do but for whatever reason the majority , especially boys , only go because they have to . 
  the brightest person i knew was somali though , so i do n't know what the issue is . 
  no doubt , somalis are n't stupid . 
  just for whatever reason they generally do n't integrate and it starts a vicious cycle . 
  the intense bleeding did n't give away it not being the safest thing to do ? 
  she was asked a question and answered it , she did n't bring it up . 
  most muslims do n't even consider ahmadis real muslims . 
  lmao you guys crack me up . 
  i 'm not doing any policing , search for ahmadis on / r/islam and you can see the disdain . 
  the biggest groups of reddit users are americans , brits , indians and canadians . 
  makes sense the biggest english speaking league is the one it focuses on . 
  easier to get into the league when you can listen to interviews , talk to other fans , watch analysis and understand what players are saying . 
  they did the same for me when i needed a replacement sim last month so they are still doing it . 
  love it . 
  wenger has asked l\u00f6w in the past to give him rests and he 's done it so this is probably that as well . 
  a fun book about this idea is flowers for algernon , i 'd recommend it if you have the time . 
  i love the story so that is more my excitement over getting to recommend it coming out . 
  20 % unemployment is great , honest . 
  we still have higher wages and higher hdi . 
  i fail to see how the uk is a worse country to live in than spain , besides the weather . 
  literally all the statistics you cited we are higher but quite a margin . 
  spain is in a worse state than the uk , brexit or not . 
  all this does is increase anti-aliasing . 
  you do realise what aliasing is right ? 
  smoothing out edges is removing aliasing , but yeah i was mainly objecting to the idea of there being more polygons . 
  would n't surprise me if a lot of people that supported it then say they never did which does make it seem like there was never much support for it . 
  ahmadis , a peaceful sect persecuted by other muslims . 
  most muslims do n't even consider them `` true '' muslims . 
  [ definitely not . 
  ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2016/apr/25/muslim-council-of-britain-ahmadi-asad-shah ), 
  / r/ukpolitics is pretty representative of the electorate , that includes being generally opposed to corbyn . 
  funny thing is if you look at the best rated comments on [ article ] ( http://www.dailymail.co.uk/sport/tennis/article-3908334/andy-murray-crowned-world-no-1-time-career-milos-raonic-withdraws-injured-paris.html ) , all of them are very positive . 
  i mean the highest rated two are `` andy murray no 1 , total legend . 
  come on andy . '', 
  and `` the best british sportsman of our time '', 
  lmao, 
  it 's the electorate that is anti-corbyn . 
  but it will because they do n't want to lose their jobs . 
  that is n't true . 
  some 12 % of the british army 's ordinary soldiers were killed during the war , compared with 17 % of its officers . 
  eton alone lost more than 1,000 former pupils - 20 % of those who served . 
  i think you overestimate their integrity . 
  assists do n't mean much , look at how many assists iniesta gets , only ever gone above 6 in la liga twice . 
  great rebuttal . 
  i 've got the uk edition and it does apply to the uk edition as well . 
  they have to condense 10 years of filming into 6 hours of footage , of course they are going to leave footage out . 
  maybe it could be the nazi and hitler t-shirts people have an issue with , just a wild guess . 
  hungary 's wall is working very well . 
  the # is looking good though , so there might be some benefits . 
  it 's beautiful , reminds me of something you put on a lego figure . 
  kinda funny , the only reason trump had a chance of winning was because he 's against clinton . 
  it 's sending illegal immigrants back to mexico , not mexicans that legally enter the united states . 
  we deport people that enter the country illegally . 
  it 's why i feel the left in this country is dead for the foreseeable future . 
  joke , the left is alive and well !, 
  obviously , the reading student union is not the reason . 
  when i was last in ardnamurchan i saw a couple of golden eagles and sea eagles . 
  the sea eagles have some absolutely massive wings , they made the golden eagles look small . 
  infinite warfare was a lot of fun to play through , it was quite easily better than battlefield 1 and it 's attempt with war stories . 
  me too thanks ? 
  tbf this is non-canon . 
  what is wrong with missing a gene or two ? 
  people do n't choose to have genetic disorders . 
  absolutely disgusting to act as if that 's a reason to hate someone . 
  as retarded as it is , it 's pretty funny the amount of dumb shit he spews out . 
  to be fair there is no evidence david cameron ever did it . 
  honestly if they get banned now they 'll ruin every other sub just to spite reddit . 
  if they were ever going to be banned , it should have been a long time ago . . 
  digg was never as big as reddit , the situation is barely even comparable . 
  if all disabled people died the country will be a better place , nhs less strained , less pension , less dependency ratio . 
  what arab countries are pro lgbt rights ? 
  the majority of normal non-toxic people do n't comment on arsenal facebook posts . 
  before nations existed there were no clonflicts between people . 
  this is n't completely untrue , look at the changing moral views in the west that were originally heavily influenced by christianity . 
  i do n't know what point you are trying to make , that you agree with sam harris ? 
  the game would n't exist without sony 's funding and support so i do n't see how you can blame them for making it an exclusive . 
  not sure if sarcasm . 
  they 've since admitted it . 
  it provides too much information for too little effort , it needs a complete rework . 
  cloud9 flair makes it likely you 're an idiot unfortunately . 
  if you are decent at games you will find the cert gain fine , if you 're bad you 'll complain on reddit that it 's grindy . 
  tolerating intolerance is the pinnacle of tolerance .
