  it feels like they wo n't introduce rider as long as they try so hard to force sam which turns me against sam i guess . 
  thanks for the link !, 
  brazil would be superpower if no engerlando . 
  because there 's barely any action to miss . 
  it 's just bantz, 
  why not ? 
  but they also got humphries so it 's not all bad news for marvel, 
  in multi gpu setups , crossfire has better scaling but much worse stutter which is worse in my opinion . 
  but with the fact they often do , claiming the fury x is obviously the better choice is irrational . 
  yeah , guardians of infinity below guardians of the galaxy , did bendis write this ? 
  somehow skimmed over that , my bad . 
  2-5 fps ... what shitty overclock will give you just a 2-5fps increase ? 
  atleast do n't lie about the ability of a 980ti when it comes to overclocking . 
  it 's something you should be banned for abusing . 
  if you see someone on overwatch aiming perfectly through smokes , are you supposed to know he is n't using external assistance ? 
  i agree but how is the person on overwatch supposed to know if they are abusing it or not ? 
  all they 'll see is a guy aiming through smokes . 
  yeah , [ something like this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g3vs12jxjkk&amp;hd=1 ) is what i think people should be banned for . 
  he 's intentionally abusing the bug . 
  out of character deadpool is the best deadpool !, 
  what multiplatform games look better on xbox than pc ? 
  depends on your cpu and resolution , an overclocked 970 will outperform whatever measly overclock you can get out of a 390 at 1080p . 
  why has this post been so heavily downvoted ? 
  because that requires buying a new cpu , motherboard and ram . 
  buying a used 3770k is much cheaper . 
  this is a follow up to that video . 
  then how could you compare games ... lol . 
  nevermind the fact that there are no better looking games on xbox than their pc counterparts . 
  yeah but he actually exists . 
  funnily enough , the name is racist but not in that way . 
  it 's because he 's so black he looks purple , not exactly better but it 's stuck . 
  the art is good but the writing is poor , the self awareness really hinders it . 
  this is a really good deal . 
  a dumb question . 
  an over clocked 970 performs better at 1080p for the division . 
  at higher resolution the 390 does better though . 
  my bad , sorry . 
  typical / r/soccer , calling a world champion with 100 caps for them a donkey . 
  hummels and boateng being better does n't make him a bad defender . 
  english speaking forum follows english speaking league , are you surprised ? 
  they want 4gb vram and reccomend a 970 ? 
  i 'm hoping the 970 will actually be able to run this reasonably well . 
  the 970 will also perform much better if paired with an older/worse cpu than the 390 . 
  the 970 will also overclock insanely , especially compared to a gpu like the 390 . 
  yeah you are right , for you a 390 is probably better . 
  we threw it away , that 's what 's frustrating . 
  and after i spent this time defending him , he goes and does that . 
  it might be now , but it certainly was n't . 
  you 're maaaaad . 
  no you have n't ... godrays on ultra ? 
  especially if the rays go through a weapon scope , it looks awful on low . 
  you are just smarter than everyone that buys nvidia cards . 
  never forget that , you are smart . 
  it 's the same with ps2 and heavily cpu bound games . 
  and yet they ca n't fix the serious downclocking issue some of their cards have . 
  why would a dev choose gpuopen over gameworks ? 
  lets be real here , the nvidia engineers are going to provide much more help and support than an `` open-source project '' . 
  that was debunked years ago and people like you spread it anyway to feel better about your purchase . 
  even amd do n't expect to beat any of the higher end intel cpus . 
   just because you had some errors with an amd card does n't mean that everyone will . 
  ca n't the same be said to you about nvidia cards ? 
  it 's been bugged for a while and the new drivers did nothing to fix it . 
  it 's the biggest complaint my friend has about his card and they do n't seem to prioritize it . 
  fyi , it 's clockbocker that can fix it but you should n't need a 3rd party application to use your gpu at more than 50 % clock . 
  he could and does use ** clockblocker ** but just because it does n't affect everyone does n't mean it is n't a legitimate and recognized complaint . 
   its a new bug, 
  in regards to this and your earlier claim that it was introduced in the 16.1.1 this simply is not true . 
  he 's been having the downclocking for a few months , which is much older than the 16.1.1 drivers . 
  ok , that means it was introduced in 16.1.1 lol . 
  what are you even arguing at this point ? 
  besides bullshitting me with `` codeblocker '' and it was `` introduced in 16.1.1 '' . 
  the plural of anecdotes is not evidence , sorry mate . 
  but i 'm talking about the downclocking introduced before that ... is that easier to understand ? 
  the downclocking started in december , so how can it be caused by february drivers ? 
  i 'm moving to buckingham palace , not like there are n't any spare rooms . 
  [ this post ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/pcgaming/comments/3vppv1/crysis_2_tessellation_testing_facts/cxpo38d ) by / u/evil007 is very informative when it comes to the issue with crysis 2 tesselation . 
  well , i 'm an idiot . 
  so i could pair my 970 with my 7950 ? 
  thanks in advance . 
  thanks , yeah i 'll change it if it becomes a common thing . 
  popularity = / = quality, 
  keeping kids active and healthy is good for everyone . 
  the next major is hosted by mlg . 
  i 'm also lost as to why so many are hoping thoorin and r.lewis lose their jobs , pretty fucked tbh . 
  i went to meet her father and did n't kill radovid and she still became a witcher . 
  this did not happen , you are making shit up rofl . 
  always refer to anyone who disagrees with you as a shill , it 's the mature way to end arguments . 
  i 'm not , both have their place . 
  stupid post , you hover that close and for that long with the ah or the ppa you will die as well . 
  you 're basically fergie . 
  ozil and welbeck the only ones who know how to win . 
  not if you aim like you did in that clip . 
  true that , but he is n't in a possition to win games for us . 
  he can only make us not lose , if you know what i mean . 
  yeah , a lot of players have mentioned the effect he 's had . 
  what if you were happy with the old house ? 
  the malekith arc of god of thunder is awful in my opinion . 
  i loved that , pretty much everything ribic drew i loved . 
  i 'll admit during the roxxon arc i was only reading for okt 's fight with with galactus . 
  it runs like garbage on my 970 as well , might not as bad as amd but it 's a terribly optimised game .
