  [ the master plan ] ( http://i3.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/738/025/db0.jpg ), 
  get ready for theinvisiableman . 
  they are ok , they love gank squads and exploiting though . 
  he once told me the story of him killing a kid to stop him killing his father . 
  then he went on about having sex with a dog \u0ca0_\u0ca0 . 
  she is !, 
  ceres is terrible . 
  you hear that shittys ? 
  every single one of you cerescrubs is awful . 
  no wonder my ceres alt gets 10 k/d . 
  bunch of fucking losers . 
  from what i understand arsenal have agreed the deal with real madrid , not with khedira yet . 
  he seems to want more than arsene is willing to pay . 
  [ maybe they get off on it ? 
  ] ( http://cloud-4.steampowered.com/ugc/510325613740048754/cf5619b9ad1ad53aeed3197654d72da1a8133f5c/ ), 
  i told you , i told you so hard . 
  yeah i 've spoken to poke since and he 's been chill . 
  it was about a year ago so it 's all chill . 
  file de puta !, 
  ceres has no drama . 
  at least you did n't demote him ... that did n't go well when we agreed to do that . 
  the growls were savage and the screams were shrill . 
  i was scared honestly . 
  bkne do n't have time for a silly serversmash . 
  the lack of outfits on live will give them good reason to ghostcap all day long . 
  dora never has any gank squads . 
  bellerin ? 
  did the servers just go down ? 
  it 's not hidden . 
  who is darkelf ? 
  what 's that link, 
  that image is not indicative of my hand writing . 
  nobody played tr in the last server smashes because you could n't choose the warpgate it would end up on ... 
  hearing that from frec is actually hilarious . 
  i 'm not disagreeing on the balance issues . 
  i just thought with the ss 's on pts that depending on which faction controlled which warpgate was the one we got ? 
  yeah that 's what i meant , as we have n't done a serversmash on anything but pts yet . 
  it 's a six leaf clover . 
  how are you always complaining about ganking and lockons , when your own outfit does nothing but that rofl . 
  the magic water story line is so forced . 
  primeira liga according to uefa . 
  you should apologize for polluting this subreddit with your asinine bullshit . 
  he recently went through a hard time in his life , his pet rabbit `` scribbles '' recently passed and it hit him hard . 
  he is struggling to cope and you judging him for it is not cool . 
  i did n't realize frankmite posted this thread . 
  i ca n't wait until we get this . 
  it 's bad . 
  what does it mean . 
  you can tell how strongly he believes this when he hides behind a throwaway account . 
  kek . 
  you barely maintain a 1k/d , i doubt you do that much farming of anyone . 
  its an actual person . 
  like there is actually someone as handicapped as him . 
  scary . 
  you speak to their leaders and they will tell you that they play planetside to cap bases , not to fight . 
  when you see the giraffe camo horde , you know the farm begins . 
  do we post who we were here or elsewhere ? 
  i was vs432 , i 'm [ dvrg ] kakeface on live . 
  mikolla is [ dhmr ], 
  you ca n't . 
  1v1 me testserver ns weapons only . 
  actually it 's * heracles * . 
  new meta that removes skill from the game ... fun . 
  maxs require little aim or situational awareness . 
  what ? 
  read what you said and think about it logically . 
  maxs have triple the health pool of infantry and double the firepower . 
  they are insanely easy to use for the advantage they give you in combat . 
  as you are probably sub-par , it 's hard for you to understand that not only bad players use skillsuits . 
  skillsuits yesyes , playing infantry is ez mode . 
  the real pros play max . 
  this is quality banter . 
  no it is n't , they do it by xp lol . 
  and wiping them does n't even matter because the new resources mean they can pull new ones forever . 
  you are audi03 though . 
  in no other mmo are people so excited for server merges . 
  it also means the game is dying . 
  because preseason means anything . 
  harsh, 
  are you actually retarded ? 
  i do n't know which world he is living in , one where the ppa is bad at killing infantry apparently . 
  just questioning your mental state , understandable when you start claiming the ppa needs a buff . 
  it 's also an anti-infantry weapon , so why should it be good against air ? 
  the striker and cannister are awful at their intended roles , the ppa is the opposite . 
  the banshee is not as good against large groups of infantry as the ppa . 
  the banshee is worse against infantry and in turn is better against air . 
  the ppa is worse against air and in turn better against infantry . 
  but how could you post this after being permabanned ? 
  hacker . 
  its a term used in photo editing lol . 
  takes 5 seconds to google . 
  [ thanks tr ? 
  lol, 
  there are 4 different noseguns , you never have to use coyotes . 
  what a shit excuse . 
  adamrah switched to nc ? 
  we are rebranding to ukep . 
  [ he must be learning from you . 
  i just wanted an excuse to post it again honestly . 
  they lowered it from 5 to 3 so it 's not surprising .
