  i can believe it 's getr because you are n't facing any enemies , but it 's hard to believe you would do that without 20 maxes . 
  [ removed ], 
  ikr all those .75 orion heavies ... 
  just make it so that the healing effect stops if you get shot , like shields . 
  loving the valiant love , putting out the most consistently good reads out there . 
  deadpool being anything more than a dank memester ? 
  unlikely to happen anytime soon . 
  downvoted for saying anything pro nvidia , even when it 's true . 
  this sub sometimes ... 
  bendis happens . 
  do n't know why you were downvoted for pointing out an error . 
  this is actually from issue # 3 . 
  namor has drawn blood from the sentry and ikaris , it 's not too much of an outlier . 
  he wants to play witcher 3 and fallout4 , both of which perform better with the 970 so it makes more sense for him to stick with the 970 . 
  while the 390 does perform slightly better with just cause 3 , it has pretty noticeable stutter . 
  no need to lash out mate . 
  the fact is the 970 performs better on the games he wants to play . 
  yeah good luck with that . 
  i hope you 're right , but i 'm not going to hold my breath . 
  ultimates has been really good so far , really strong team of of people that deserve more attention . 
  the dark brotherhood quest line in skyrim read like angsty teen fan-fiction . 
  terrible writing and terrible characterisation . 
  it 's a joke that was never funny to begin with . 
  because fuck nvidia for acting like a business . 
  i was agreeing with you on this , sarcasm does n't cross over well into text . 
  m8 you 're committing the cringe-calling fallacy , be careful not to commit too many fallacies . 
  fallacy . 
  because it 's backed up with what evidence exactly ? 
  tf2 is dying ? 
  lol . 
  http://steamcharts.com/app/440 . 
  consistent playerbase of over 70k in the past 3 years . 
  but sure , it 's `` dying . '', 
  and i was n't even arguing that point . 
  just telling you the game is n't dead , but you can continue arguing the game is dead because no pro scene . 
  just like fifa is dead amirite ? 
  consistent playerbase of 70k = dead . 
  same shit here , was lem and got ranked nova 4 after coming back . 
  it 's a free smurf , so it could be worse . 
  when has a limit ever been shown ? 
  lol he blew up . 
  siege being there is questionable , not putting annihilation there is criminal . 
  do n't listen to this , star-lord and bendis guardians are both god awful . 
  he is n't really a popular villain which is why he is n't often used . 
  which issue is the art repeated from ? 
  yeah , bit disappointing there is so much reused art . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ngod9t4xegy . 
  lol . 
  i love that guardians of infinity is doing so well . 
  the main quest in this is longer than in skyrim . 
  i do n't think i 've ever seen anyone praise anything humphries has done on this site , especially not his ultimates . 
  edit : just read the comment below . 
  '' * narratively dense * '', 
  are you being serious about enjoying his ultimates ? 
  he literally ruined what was a great run by turning it into `` captain america and the american circlejerk '' . 
  it still has the best feeling and animated horses i 've ever seen in a game . 
  pc version looks better than the console version , what a shock . 
  seeing as he 's not a god , probably not . 
  vram is the only thing powering a gpu . 
  390 is better than 980ti . 
  because this subreddit hates nvidia and shits on the 970 whenever they can . 
  if you look at the previews of the coming issues , they seem to focus on the consequences of the new galactus . 
  it 's his style of pasting characters onto backgrounds making them look like they do n't belong . 
  richard rider . 
  i do n't remember exactly but it might have been blue marvel 's idea . 
  nepotism is n't exactly a great thing . 
  the 970 will not run everything maxed at 60fps . 
  that 's just a lie . 
  edit : downvoted for a fact ? 
  the guy is making a $ 1000 pc , he 's unlikely to have a cpu of that calibre in there . 
  edit : even if he does it still is n't even maxing out all the games there . 
  yeah he edited it out . 
  120fps max on a 970 with hairworks ? 
  mmmm k, 
  they wo n't release before q4 . 
  crysis still has better textures than this game lmao . 
  what are you on ... 
  nvidia should donate 50 % of their revenue to amd . 
  can you produce any evidence of nvidia paying devs to do so ? 
  crysis textures are better than rottr textures , so if it 's already failing in one aspect it ca n't be the `` new crysis '' . 
  there 's a reason they have a large marketshare . 
  but does n't have the support and expert help the alternative offers . 
  is it any wonder developers would choose nvidia over the alternative ? 
  huh, 
  i feel bad for you if you expect that to fix any of the guys issues with this game . 
  the first image alone has huge amounts of chromatic aberration . 
  look at the edges of the two soldiers on the side for instance . 
  you see lens flare irl ? 
  hey rude boy , shut up . 
  the better version of halo 3 ? 
  the pc version is lacking maps and features , it 's not better . 
  i 'm showing my whiteness with that i guess . 
  what psu did you have beforehand ? 
  most people on pc will talk on teamspeak or mumble though . 
  eh , fallout 3 had god awful dialogue . 
  people would hate him if it felt forced or was pandering , but it was n't . 
  vram is only measurement of gpu performance ? 
  that 's why 390 outperforms 980ti . 
  he said 390 has better performance than the 970 which is n't true . 
  they trade blows at 1080p and 1440p .
