  so does every game , i do n't see that as an indictment of ps2 . 
  it also solved problems that 15 + year old game had n't . 
  i do n't see your point . 
  evidence of nvidia bribery please . 
  that 's not evidence , that 's you speculating they `` gimp '' the game . 
  it is n't bribery when the devs choose to use gameworks , then nvidia sends engineers to help . 
  that is not bribery . 
  funnily enough devs have said they have removed gpuopen ( amd ) features from being used on nvidia cards because of their `` deal '' with amd, 
  `` we purposely disabled tressfx on nvidia cards . 
  we delivered tressfx on amd hardware as part of our partnership with amd . '', 
  but nvidia are the ones bribing people right ? 
  he was stabbed in the neck , how could he curse or scream ? 
  ok , i forgot the competitors were climbing an ambiguous cylinder . 
  no reply ? 
  surprising . 
  just want to see how you would respond , apparently you do n't know how to . 
  i linked you a post from a game dev , that 's the opposite of a `` delusion '' . 
  you ca n't handle the fact you are wrong , that 's ok . we all make mistakes , generally rational people own up to them but it 's ok . nobody blames you . 
  i provided evidence amd do it , you have n't provided any evidence showing nvidia doing it . 
  of course there are neutral developers left . 
  you think out of all the developers in the world not one is neutral ? 
  you 're deluded if so . 
  you can still do it . 
  it 's the qualifier , both teams knew what it meant and g2 lost . 
  of course you wo n't provide any criticism , just snarky one-liners . 
  yes but nobody wants to upvote it , ca n't you read ? 
  are you joking or no ? 
  it gives more than anywhere else in the country . 
  that 's not close to being true . 
  someone has to be a net contributor , just happens to be london . 
  he is though , if the best players in the world ca n't find a way to effectively utilise him then maybe he is n't any good . 
  it will probably have better performance than the 480 . 
  of course it will cost more so it 's a trade . 
  that 's completely subjective and there is n't a `` right '' answer . 
  it 's just about what you prefer . 
  she 's also a religious nut . 
  he 's a troll and trying to bait you into responding , just do n't . 
  that sub is less reactionary than this sub funnily enough , but i guess that comes with being the underdog . 
  i think the pressure and the fact english might not be his english language really got to him . 
  his stuttering and coherence got worse and worse . 
  he sounded like he had an interesting point but it was hard to make it out . 
  that 's a neo-nazi subreddit . 
  a fnatic players pc crashed and they asked tl to restart the round . 
  spectators ca n't see ingame chat so even the commentators did n't know why . 
  it 's why elige teamkilled because he knew he round was going to be replayed so was messing around . 
  flipside are far better than top 25 . 
  all the mad brazilians replying to him lol . 
  majors count for more than any other events . 
  he 'll never let anyone see how bad he is , ca n't blame him really . 
  just play fallout then ... 
  if anyone says anything bad about amd they are a novideo shill . 
  he 's been underperforming for a while , not that surprising sadly . 
  the observing is dogshit , get prius/sapphire . 
  atleast with mlg the observers were n't fucking terrible . 
  examples ? 
  [ largest study to date : transgender hormone treatment safe ] ( http://www.medscape.com/viewarticle/827713 ), 
   at entry into the study ( baseline ) , the most common comorbidity in both groups was depression , with a 24.9 % incidence in mtf subjects and 13.6 % in ftm , according to dr. asscheman . 
  he noted , however , that the frequency of depression varied greatly among the study centers . 
   even after treatment , 26 ( 2.4 % ) of the mtf subjects and 7 ( 1.4 % ) of the ftm subjects still reported depression , leading dr. asscheman to tell the large audience , `` sex-reassignment treatment does not cure depression . '', 
  that would be a 90 % decrease in depression . 
  you are deliberately misrepresenting what the study says . 
  the study itself says this under `` limitations and strengths of the study '' :, 
   for the purpose of evaluating the safety of sex reassignment in terms of morbidity and mortality , however , it is reasonable to compare sex reassigned persons with matched population controls . 
  the caveat with this design is that transsexual persons before sex reassignment might differ from healthy controls ( although this bias can be statistically corrected for by adjusting for baseline differences ) . 
  it is therefore important to note that the current study is only informative with respect to transsexuals persons health after sex reassignment ; no inferences can be drawn as to the effectiveness of sex reassignment as a treatment for transsexualism . 
  in other words , the results should not be interpreted such as sex reassignment per se increases morbidity and mortality . 
  things might have been even worse without sex reassignment . 
  as an analogy , similar studies have found increased somatic morbidity , suicide rate , and overall mortality for patients treated for bipolar disorder and schizophrenia . 
  [ 39 ] , [ 40 ] this is important information , but it does not follow that mood stabilizing treatment or antipsychotic treatment is the culprit . 
  that is n't true , at least not in the uk . 
  he is a moderate muslim . 
  there is evidence of amd asking devs to disable features for nvidia cards . 
  no such evidence the other way . 
  dev saying they disable tressfx on nvidia cards as part of their partnership with amd . 
  it 's anticonsumer to disable it like that just because you buy a different gpu . 
  i 'm dead . 
  tony always reminds me of frankstein 's monster in that scene , big fucking forehead . 
  what is this trend of calling him ryder ? 
  it 's rider , it 's always been rider . 
  he became a door , it was pathetic . 
  he is currently a door through dimensions so i doubt it . 
  it 's from the catalogue leaks . 
  nvidia do optimise for tressfx , what are you on about ? 
  it 's anticonsumer to remove options for someone when they could run , just because they bought a different brand of gpu . 
  notice how i 'm not singling out amd or nvidia for it . 
  edit : out of interest , could you name the games that `` barely work '' on amd cards because of physx ? 
  none of those games `` barely work '' . 
  atleast you have the option of buying non reference 10xx cards , still no aib cards for the 480 which is very dissapointing . 
  no , it 's legit . 
  not that we know of , i think it 's unlikely but stranger things have happened in comics . 
  fallout 4 is a good game , but it 's a step back from new vegas in all aspects except gunplay and visuals . 
  the rifle is literally the same except hitscan . 
  yes but denying it is inspired by the cc is silly . 
  of course it brings more to the table , that 's stating the obvious . 
  you could same the same for what i said though . 
  no it was n't , it was a joke . 
  learn to take them . 
  my bad . 
  they wo n't do dreads as when they do the cgi i imagine animating them would be a bitch . 
  saying thor is still around is a bit rich as all he 's done in this run is appear for one panel at the end of an issue .
