  i still havent seen you on :(, 
  i remember it haha , it was a nice shot :p, 
  problem is indarside2 is better than wallside2 , although amerish is good , it is n't fun at all for vehicles . 
  lol . 
  you fly around with people that use lockons ... 
  should n't fly with them , or stop complaining about them . 
  you have to remember that for new players , the vehicle and airgame is shut off for them . 
  unless they enjoy getting one-clipped as soon as they leave the warpgate and then waiting 15 minutes only to have this happen again . 
  i guess you can camp a spawnroom . 
  but when you are n't even fighting any enemies , camping a spawroom is n't that effective . 
  and it just became explosivespamside2 . 
  yay !, 
  you guys have ppa so it 's k. 
  go back to cobalt , nerd . 
  you know i love you really . 
  i 've seen many variations of my name . 
  that is the coolest one yet , kakakarotkake . 
  i mean , shitface `` lol your name has poop in it '' got old quite quickly , but this is pretty cool , if a little bit odd . 
  it 's not my fault i farm you , if you were n't bad it would n't happen . 
  his name backwards is homicidal_murderer ... 
  you are also a racist , no wonder you were in the enclave . 
  can i have the camo anyway ? 
  the problem is ganking is not fun at all . 
  love you conchita !, 
  cat and mouse chases are what every other flight game has , planetside has something different . 
  flying is fun because the skillcap is so high and it 's always fun to improve . 
  also what you are describing is ambushing , not ganking . 
  coyotes are fine because as a shit pilot , i am unable to aim and do n't want to improve . 
  coyotes with their aimbot-like mechanics help me kill these pilots that have spent time practicing and improving their aim . 
  sometimes they send me tells and i just reply `` lol tryhard cant handle being out rock/paper/scissors . '', 
  nc on ceres . 
  i 'm called `` shumakun '' on ceres vs. 
  i consider myself a good choice due to my skills with leading a large community you might know as pro staki . 
  you should choose me due to my charisma , average looks , offensive remarks and the fact i send my ppa balls into the enemy spawn rooms . 
  i also am relentlessly able to enforce whatever fascist policies i like the sound of with an iron fist . 
  luckily for you , i 'm willing to do this for free , however after the first two years i am expecting at least minimum wage ( paid in station cash ) from then on . 
  after writing this , i 've realized what a perfect fit i would be for this vacancy , i hope you make the ( good ) decision to employ me . 
  yours sincerely , ~ ~ kake ~ ~ shumakun . 
  you killed me in a biolab with 90 % vs pop , fucking zerging culu . 
  do you guys ever go to a fair fight ? 
  daniel getting rekt = normal day for him, 
  everyone knows you are a scrub , so they feel obliged to upvote the truth . 
  do n't even bother arguing with him , some people are just that deluded . 
  well , i 'm assuming you are n't the deluded one . 
  pretty sick , you wonder why i never get close to you \u00ac, 
  to be fair he forced his way out of the club not playing for us , then when it is n't the fairytale he expects he wants to come back . 
  fuck that . 
  i think it 's best to wait until the end of the transfer window before we start complaining about arsene , let 's see what he has lined up for us first . 
  that is because there is no real airgame . 
  reaver has much better afterburners so will outpace you anyway . 
  wot r u saying k1ng , come to my endzzzz i will knock you out . 
  ur lucky im feeling nice or i would fuk u up m8 . 
  wotch urself k. 
  out gank the gankers ... yeaaaaaaaaaah, 
  that was relatively rare , nokia and i normally flew away from each other so we could n't steal kills . 
  if we were together it was normally for dealing with another esf group . 
  could have fooled everyone else . 
  xenotechlabs 11june2k14 #neverforget, 
  it comes down to you judging yourself by your intentions while you judge others by their actions . 
  you know when little children make a mess and get in trouble in order to gain attention ? 
  that 's sllg . 
  galandalf the red wizard . 
  lol . 
  its funny how its always the known exploiters that `` find '' other exploiters . 
  friendlies are autistic though . 
  it has n't been approved by those fascist mods yet . 
  sometimes i shoot people in the warpgate and stand behind a bkne guy afterwards . 
  9/10 times they kill the bkne guy , normally this is followed by an angry tell in german . 
  it was really good , every shot was impressive . 
  i hate people like that , 
  sadly that doesnt change the damage it does to maxs . 
  you wo n't once you try it out . 
  as it increases braking speed you can strafe much faster than if you have racer . 
  i only know when it 's daniel because of your nerdy general hat . 
  because waterson were n't pulling maxs . 
  but the ref is doing a bad job , for instance godin should not be on the field . 
  he complains that i run away when he has his buddy with him and they are both using coyotes , then i oneclip him . 
  this guy really hates divine hammer :(, 
  dont even get me started on gavin , adad is an exploit fyi . 
  armageddon is n't happy :(, 
  frank was n't too happy . 
  the newest divine cock sucker :d, 
  wow , who could it be , what a huge misteree . 
  atleast he admits you are divine !, 
  daniel always lies , never trust him . 
  i trusted him and he killed my pet pig . 
  who thought it was bad , almost every lib crew knows it is better . 
  they use the dalton due to it being much more fun . 
  minnepinne is always reviving me , i do n't even know how he gets to me half the time . 
  it 's just venting ya know , i do it occasionally . 
  obviously i should n't , but when i 'm annoyed , it 's easy to take it out on some random over whisper . 
  strafing side to side as you shooting , called adad due to using the `` a '' and `` d '' keys i guess . 
  but the gaming master race using esdf for movement as it makes a lot more sense in the long run . 
  i got that part , 
  there are more where he goes on about how bad it is to adad . 
  `` it 's an exploit blablabla . '', 
  i just could n't be bothered to post them all . 
  i do n't consider it an exploit , if it was , infantry combat would be very boring . 
  this thread can only promote positivity . 
  i 'll drink my own piss if any real drama appears .
