  which you do n't get to see . 
  so its pretty much irrelevant . 
  good games show rather than just tell . 
  it cracks planets and when weaponised tears holes in the universe . 
  iron fist still has n't been introduced so it would n't make much sense . 
  oh , i missed the / s. 
  it is a cool panel with no context though . 
  it 's amazing how bendis can write this and at the same time write the guardians of the galaxy . 
  how can he go from so good to so bad ? 
  i think the way they brought back star lord , thanos and drax but not richard rider left a bad taste in a lot of people 's mouths . 
  bendis turning him into a door kind of diminished his death as well . 
  it 's hilariously dumb . 
  it 's still pretty cool if you do n't think too much . 
  in the comics it 's danny rand masquerading in daredevil 's costume . 
  herbs not erbs . 
  to be fair this is n't even explained in the main civil war run . 
  i ca n't even remember where it is explained but it 's something else . 
  we have a lower homicide rate than the usa . 
  i 'd rather be stabbed than die . 
  we could , but it 's still a pretty silly scene as someone else here mentioned . 
  everyone has values and it is impossible for one person to agree/be friends with everyone . 
  if someone tries to be then they are a friend in title only . 
  that just is n't true , in the swamp it regularily drops into the 20s . 
  which patch is that ? 
  adren was a very good player in source so this would n't be a breakout tournament for him . 
  are you going offer a person a job when he is constantly talking shit about you and your organisation ? 
  i know but lots of players skill transferred over so it is n't unreasonable to believe his did but igling negated his . 
  someone who says `` i enjoy reking esl every chance i get '' is not someone who occasionally gives valid criticism . 
  the novaforce allowed him to transform into a doorway from the cancerverse to 616 allowing starlord , drax and thanos back . 
  it 's in the original sin tie-in for bendis gotg which i would n't recommend reading , it 's awful . 
  yeah , he pretty much died for nothing which sucks . 
  so they definitely do n't want millar then . 
  those are good shouts , i 'm a big fan of hickman and remender but i think hickman is mostly done at marvel . 
  i think hickman is staying on at marvel , i remember reading about him changing his mind when it came to quitting after secret wars . 
  i thought that tweet was a joke . 
  is it official ? 
  even if he did go , he would n't be the guardian you want to see . 
  his health in the long is much more important as well . 
  it is n't really possible to argue fallout 4 has better writing than new vegas . 
  the reply is almost always the same no matter which option you choose , which is a shame . 
  there are a lot of irish arsenal fans , understandably . 
  in assassins creed : syndicate , the cloth physics for your characters are run at 30fps which is very jarring to look at . 
  adam warlock also plays a large part in modern marvel cosmic . 
  he 's at least a b-lister in my heart . 
  there was still a flicker of hope . 
  they do n't give them ongoings because not enough people buy them . 
  there 's no game of it 's ilk on pc . 
  it 's basically a worse uncharted game , still good though . 
  yeah , my ps4 is pretty much only for bloodborne and rocket league with friends . 
  anders has a couple of phrases that he repeats constantly but his passion is second to none . 
  shoving religious iconography and imagery in the viewers face is not depth . 
  well they 've made good comic book movies . 
  the egyptians did n't believe they would ever fall , so they would n't care about looking good in the eyes of someone who they believed would never come . 
  the ps4 uses the same tech to do this that it does to record gameplay which it can only do at 720p max . 
  so if you watch the video , that 's why recording is disabled during remote play . 
  you not noticing does n't mean it does n't exist . 
  i could say i do n't notice the difference between 60fps and 30fps but it does n't make it true . 
  the art looks good , shame everything else does n't . 
  did you even watch the video ? 
  they say `` average at best '' implying it is below average . 
  all their faces look weird , like they are too big or at the wrong angle . 
  jewish people are a race independent of judaism . 
  the majority of this sub is teenagers . 
  this really is n't applicable to this subreddit . 
  i know , bendis has written good events in the past and assuming this will be bad is illogical . 
  edit : i hate iceman because he is n't a straight white male as well . 
  keep drinking the kool-aid . 
  you really only need the supporting cast , the main four luckily are n't needed . 
  well yeah , that 's the supporting cast i was referring to . 
  annihilus , galactus and silver surfer are the three fox ones they need . 
  not sure why there is all the talk about ben grimm tbh . 
  most of the world do n't go to the cinema though , so it is is n't relevant . 
  which is why films are taking to catering to chinese audiences , like age of ultron having the shanghai scenes and the transformers films doing so well there . 
  money talks . 
  every single comment of his is saying that on a different subreddit . 
  probably a bot . 
  lol . 
  it is . 
  at least nova turned into a door to let thanos back into the main universe . 
  failing at the one thing he sacrificed himself to stop . 
  yeah that 's just bendis . 
  but then they ca n't do another run of him chasing after his dad , do n't be silly . 
  it 's rider * . 
  it 's not bad , he 's a fun character but spends most of his time searching for his dad which gets tiring . 
  especially as he 's still doing it . 
  are you being deliberately obtuse or do you struggling with reading comprehension ? 
  but it is n't even relevant . 
  it 's like me saying it would n't be possible on a console , true but irrelevant . 
  no man 's sky is probably going to be severely underwhelming . 
  fnatic is a uk org as well , so can we take that ? 
  the issue with that was the fact they were lying . 
  it did n't change the performance in benchmarks . 
  technically it is extremely impressive . 
  though , like you said , the gameplay is bland and uninteresting . 
  i found mobs harder in dark souls compared to bloodborne whereas the bosses were much harder for me in bloodborne . 
  i mean , compare gascoigne to the taurus demon or iudex gundyr . 
  the majority of indars bases are terribly designed and do not promote fun infantry combat . 
  the lengths they seem to be going to do it make it seem intentional . 
  like it would n't be hard to bring back phyla . 
  maybe they want more diversity but even then this makes no sense as phyla was a female and a lesbian , that 's diverse as fuck .
