  vs - blib + whoever, 
  best outfit :, 
  vs - uvg/dhmr ( when they are n't using pump actions ), 
  worst outfit :, 
  nc - rlm ( they have that bailing faggot elduck ), 
  vs - xman/ve ( s ) p, 
  most controversial player :, 
  vs - no idea, 
  most controversial outfit :, 
  vs - dora , i think the downvote brigade shows exactly why, 
  most friendly player :, 
  vs - blib/faxmaniac/nightmarep69, 
  most friendly outfit :, 
  vs - mdfo ( always up for a discussion yell chat ), 
  nemesis ( players ) :, 
  nc - theindestructublenokia , teamkilled me over 250 times and wo n't stop . 
  multiple reports and no reply, 
  vs - zappel , the skyguardian of esamir, 
  tr - frankmite/galaf , they have probably shot me down over 200 times in total as i was learning to fly, 
  you ca n't really use alt accounts as evidence , of course you will have better stats on newer accounts . 
  yep , it is frustrating when pilots you know you can beat 5v1 you . 
  yeah , unfortunately duck is assumed to be a hacker . 
  it 's a shame , he was a nice guy . 
  i 'm both . 
  just like frankmite then , expert lolpodding is his only skill . 
  his two highest kill weapons are the rotary and lolpods . 
  i 'm both . 
  you got me real good . 
  you think its easy to remember the name of that account :|, 
  he is in mattiace 's ass . 
  he used to use a form of aimbot , he never admitted what kind though . 
  this is all in the past though , he is banned now . 
  god obviously did n't give you adad skills , 
  and a happy kwanzaa !, 
  it was crazy , 14 knife kills in under a minute . 
  contagion , it 's a fun game although i have n't properly tried it yet . 
  finding servers is easy but most randoms seem braindead . 
  and it 's brilliant . 
  love ya too . 
  nice kills and nice editing !, 
  pheonix ca n't be reloaded until rocket hits . 
  you show why our server is the greatest . 
  they are a german only outfit . 
  ~ ~ a merging of gcoa and blhr . ~ ~ their leader is kiwimatsch and he is a fucking idiot . 
  sorry i honestly thought they did , ill add a notice rather than editing it out , i 'd always remembered that blhr used the gcoa teamspeak and yet were better than them . 
  it certainly is catching peoples attention . 
  they are stupid changes designed to make a2a less skill based and more around numbers . 
   to make a2a less skill based and more around numbers . 
  people wo n't play a game where skill does n't matter . 
  you really should n't celebrate the game being dumbed down . 
  it will make them less powerful , not more skill based . 
  being able to look at an enemy is n't skill . 
  i completely agree . 
  bad title , bad video , bad player . 
  bad bad bad . 
  kelpitorgh is there as well !, 
  that crazy french man, 
  ttro have an admin so ca n't blame them, 
  but you said tr leaders make bad decisions !, 
  dramaside 2, 
  these people generally do n't have the best computers , so they have only been able to play since pu02 . 
  however i do n't feel like is the reason nc regularly has 40 + % pop . 
  it 's a combinations of factors , including the northern indar warpgate and vs+tr having their farming toys nerfed . 
  although , nc have a much larger sense of identity with our faction traits actually meaning something is ( imo ) more influential . 
  for every class of weapon , excluding sniper rifles , we have the hardest hitting weapons . 
  while for the most part , nc have some guns that share traits with vs and tr , for example , carnage or gd-7f . 
  they have none that share the high initial damage some of ours do . 
  it ends up being more interesting to play nc as our weapons are varied and different . 
  it also helps that , while the skill floor for nc is higher , the skill ceiling is higher than the other factions . 
  tr ca n't compete as their recoil is random so compensating is obviously more difficult while nc weapons effectiveness is down to the users skill . 
  because ganking is fun !, 
  you really need 2 stop troll . 
  it impact communite and make it sad  :( pls be nice to all and fun for learning in . 
  like wen u r i biolab tryin to fly is lyk that . 
  although nobody ever watch me in biolap but i still there . 
  waiting watching , silent man ( whole time ), 
  just because you are f2p scum whose only camo is `` amweeba '' camo . 
  i really do hate lockon scrubs like nokia , if only they could lrn2fly . 
  be a hero daniel . 
  be a hero . 
  hero for me ? 
  i 'm pretty sure that guy is trolling , he is constantly making incoherent posts like this on reddit while he sits in the warpgate spamming music . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/new_zealand_kaka is that it ? 
  but how can you go to high school if indar has no schools ? 
  what do you know frank , every single good pilot on ceres flies with no less than 5 wing-men . 
  if you fly alone you are unorganized . 
  for 10 minutes we ran with lockons knowing it was a cheap tactic , we acknowledge flying in groups is easy . 
  you do n't use hacks , you just use cheats . 
  you wo n't be able to fly with 10 other people . 
  frec are your bkne !, 
  all tr did yesterday was ghostcap amerish with 70 % pop . 
  i reccomend sticking a screwdriver in the middle of the screen as it wo n't fall off like a sticker . 
  hey man , leave poor nc alone , we have to play max as our infantry weapons are so bad . 
  you also have to remember how bad our max is . 
  issue is that it is n't just one faction that is doing this , every faction is equally guilty . 
  it 's quite tragic . 
  ozil 's deflated and everyone else is following . 
  i ca n't see this going well for us . 
  2nd most assists in the league so not really . 
  although i 'll admit , he has been underwhelming recently .
