  the game is fundamentally broken . 
  you could be contributing actively to the battle but because you do n't have boosts you get less xp . 
  if we use the idea you suggest . 
  please buff av-turret , in its current state it is useless . 
  finally someone who agrees . 
  i 'm saying we should buff it !, 
  just 4th factioners who do n't want balanced items . 
  i know how you feel , i 've been waiting for them to nerf battle rifles for a while . 
  way too good at ranges they are n't supposed to be good at . 
  now you can understand why people want the knife to be removed , the range on that thing . 
  i think taking a leaf out of cod 's book is a great idea . 
  i really like the idea of adding ohk shotguns . 
  our very own invisiableman !, 
  yep , it sucks . 
  i really enjoyed playing with and against you . 
   random bans makes me very paranoid , i do n't think i 'll be spending any more money in planetside if they keep banning innocent people, 
  i know of two people who have been banned and within a week unbanned . 
  ca n't blame people for being wary when so many innocents get banned . 
  uh , yes he was . 
  how is it broken ? 
  i have sunk almost 1000 hours into the game and i agree with most of your points . 
  however the game is definitely not pay to win . 
  the only things that can be bought are weapons . 
  all attachments and upgrades/abilities can only be bought with an ingame currency . 
  a currency you ca n't buy with money . 
  almost every stock weapon is good . 
  you mean to not aim 20m behind the harasser !, 
  but the tr keeps the 3 scoops and their icecream is cheaper ... 
  just like enforcer modified is great at long range . 
  thank you for pointing out the problem . 
  the marauder is 100x better than the ppa or the modified enforcer . 
  as you can see i am a dev for the game so i will do that . 
  no it ca n't outrange the vulcan , it is a shotgun . 
  you seem to be forgetting that the enforcer modified does barely any damage to infantry and might as well do no damage to vehicles with it doing next to no damage . 
  whereas the vulcan is supposedly av but can do ok against infantry , meanwhile the modified is terrible against armour . 
  there is no comparison between the marauders ability to decimate infantry and our ai weapons ability . 
  just like everyone in america agrees with wbc right ? 
  it 's depressing , esamir and amerish are always ghost continents even at prime time . 
  i 'll get rlm involved and i 'll tell gbx & macs about it . 
  most likely macs will be up for it . 
  ceres are so bad they do n't even get invited . 
  infantry dont have the health of a max so they lack the time to get away and survive . 
  oh come on , there are loads of notable players on ceres . 
  blib and bottled in their lib , k1ngkennedy crying on the ground . 
  tr has frankmite300 who is a really good pilot , just a bit full of himself . 
  nc has good pilots in elduck and nokia . 
  ( maybe a bit of bias here ) . 
  macs have a lot of very high br players although as you say , they do spend 99 % of their time farming . 
  what 's your ign ? 
  why is ceres so much smaller ? 
  it is n't hard to get killstreaks like that with blitz + inf . 
  you are always so angry . 
  i would say we are . 
  i would recommend the blitz for infiltrator , it is just better in most ways compared to the others . 
  they are just a laidback outfit that is not all that organised however can put out more numbers than probably any other outfit on the server . 
  every faction only has a few main outfits . 
  tr seems to have the most though . 
  what 's happening between them and ipt ? 
  weird , all communication i 've had with ipt has made me think they were a good bunch . 
  you know i have a story like this . 
  it 's easy to not complain when you are the overpopped faction . 
  [ take a look at this , screenshot 3 minutes ago . 
  ] ( http://cloud-2.steampowered.com/ugc/633042898198066368/2c5c0d454fe5fd774421cdea9972d467f5038b5f/ ) this is n't a problem that can be helped solely by the players , outside intervention is needed . 
  if soe balanced weapons like the striker , vulcan and fractures i believe the tr pop would naturally go down . 
  the strikers stop nc and vs from developing new pilots as they get easily discouraged by being locked onto as soon as they start flying . 
  the tr pilots can fly without this so they do n't have to worry about strikers . 
  this leads to tr gaining more pilots and nc and vs being stuck with the people who started flying before strikers . 
  because why not ? 
  orion is amazing . 
  really nice !, 
  but it makes them seem so unprofessional . 
  it 's kind of a big thing when these things are n't checked at all . 
  who the fuck are you jesus christ go away soe money scammers !!!!!!!, 
  edit : sorry just really madders, 
  i understand where you are coming from !, 
  just gon na say a mouse is better for fps accuracy . 
  lies , i called him artistic . 
  are you feeling ok ? 
  d'awww !!!!!!!!, 
  the idea that we were talkative is funny , for the first few months neither of us used mics . 
  the fact that we ever managed to get anything done in a lib was amazing . 
  from that to today , 
  we had it down to an art . 
  you 're still shit , nokia . 
  i also think you have the most vanguard kills in the game ? 
  why were you all following him ?!, 
  you know he is bad , was it for a laugh ? 
   ea i remember that guy he maintains a spreadsheet or something . 
  i remember elpolenta in the top10 and you very high in the list . 
  i still have to reach 50k kills which kinda makes me sad . 
  i suppose we will see once das anfall brings their stats site out of beta and supports ceres !, 
  you sound real butthurt . 
  all you do on here is cry about him . 
  fury costs 1000 certs , marauder costs 250 . 
  talking about buying with certs . 
  fact is that tr have a better version of the fury for 750 certs less . 
  buying an ns weapon with sc gives you it on all factions , buying it with certs does not . 
  nc+vs have to pay 4x more for something that is arguably worse . 
  i 'll be there , dont worry . 
  yours now appear 90 % in the floor so they are n't awful .
