  i 'm trying not to get hyped but i ca n't do it man . 
  that happens all the time in movies though , just stop with your nonsense . 
  next comic marvel announce is about how great marvel are . 
  so where 's eric masterson then ? 
   here , the vision gets more pulls than thor . 
  in reality , it sells a third of the books she does . 
  yet once both runs are over , only one will be talked about in a good light and it wo n't be the one you 're pedalling . 
  because everyone remembers eric masterson ... lol . 
  if this run is rembered for anything , it will be great art unfortunately complemented by terrible writing . 
  the guy is blatantly toggling . 
  sometimes he ca n't aim for shit and others times he kills you from 50m with nothing but headshots in half a second . 
  i ca n't reccomend valiant enough . 
  a superhero universe that fits together and focuses on good stories . 
  what more can you ask for ? 
  seeing as we are making baseless guesses , i 'm gon na throw superman out there . 
  i mean , it * could * be . 
  or ya know , if you read comics ... 
  he 's talking about the fact that smoking in an enclosed space with animals is comparable to animal abuse . 
  i took it as him asking if you had pets because he was worried about the effects them being indoors with you while you smoked . 
  you want to harm your animals , thats up to you . 
  just explaing what the other person meant , as you seemed incapable of comprehending it . 
  do n't smoke around children if you have any please . 
  that 's why i said `` if '' . 
  read please . 
  age of ultron and civil war are both two of the worst events marvel have put out lol . 
  nah man , she used girl power to counter the odin-force . 
  it 's good to have marvel cosmic back . 
  this did showcase everything i love and hate about jim starlin as well . 
  annihilation would be the sickest thing i 've ever seen , leading on to conquest and eventually the thanos imperative . 
  it 'll never happen but boy would it be awesome . 
  yep it is , i would n't have known without checking though . 
  captain america dies at the end of civil war and turns out to be a skrull . 
  yeah , more of a cool way to lead into it for the mcu . 
  would be really dumb and would n't make much sense though . 
  sadly fox own the rights to skrulls so we 'll never see them . 
  yeah but the show is fucking awesome so i 'll allow it . 
  it 's campy and cheesy but it 's a lot fun . 
  if you are after a serious show then it 's not for but for a fun comicbook come to life this as close as a show will get . 
  and then bendis brought him back to ruin the great ending he 'd given him . 
  and they died a horrible death when their earth collided and stopped existing . 
  hardly a great ending . 
  that implies they all spend equally , which they do n't . 
  seeing as you have no idea where i 'm from , i 'm lost as to how you could know that . 
  that does n't mean you spend the most on cs : go ... 
  if americans have 4x the playerbase of swedes but only spend 70 % what swedes spend per person , they still spend more . 
  390 performs better in more new releases than the 970 now . 
  i 've got a 970 so no reason to hate on it , love the card but it does n't seem to be as good as the 390 generally . 
  ofcourse there are exceptions, 
  so what game is realistic to you ? 
  mouse acceleration makes sense in shooters if you are used to it . 
  players like swag , maikelele , edward , desi and others allbuse it in csgo . 
  it is n't something you should just shit on . 
  if you have n't , you should read avengers disassembled before this . 
  otherwise you 'll be missing out a lot of why it all happens . 
  thank you for explaining who war machine is . 
  women and children are more vulnerable , that 's the way it is . 
  there 's nothing sexist about it . 
  but the storyline is completely different to the movie , it 's similar in name only . 
  i forgot when the movies had a female thor , chinese hulk and falcap . 
  can you remind me ? 
  looool . 
  because apocalypse appearing in x-men is rare . 
  it 's weird to love any company . 
  just buy the best product . 
  an age of apocalypse mini during secret wars and `` apocalypse '' had a pretty big part in an event before that , avengers axis . 
  let 's not forget all the books evan has been in either . 
  they are similar in name only , outside of the names what are the real similarities between the civil war movie and civil war 2 ? 
  i missed carol denvers replacing captain america . 
  i missed she hulk being introduced . 
  i missed her dying :  . 
  i missed homer being a character in the mcu or the inhumans even being introduced outside of agents of shield . 
  i missed thanos taking an active role . 
  enlighten me plz . 
  you 're sat there crying when the only similarity is the name . 
  yes mate , the comics are exactly like the movies . 
  like secret wars ... which was about the richards and doom . 
  who marvel do n't own the rights to . 
  weird ... 
  this is assuming controller players do n't have ingame aimbots . 
  let 's be real here , civil war was a terribly written event and marvel would be wise to take little inspiration from it . 
  hulking has nothing in common with hulk outside of green skin sometimes . 
  this is odin-force amped thor so it is an even less fair fight than it would be normally . 
  reddit and its fucking fallacies rofl . 
  reddit condensed into 1 comment . 
  he literally tripped over his own foot . 
  haha yeah . 
  its easy to say that right after they score a second lol . 
  it is n't deluded to think we could possibly win . 
  it 's not likely but the idea we do n't have any chance at all is ludicrous . 
  its so easy to say we had no chance 75minutes in . 
  before the game saying we had a chance is n't stupid . 
  of course we had a chance to win . 
  it 's obviously not likely but not impossible . 
  what , i 'm not claiming it was likely but bigger upsets have happened . 
  i do n't see why you 're resorting to attacking me when i 'm not even claiming we were likely to win . 
  it was n't 100 % , 80/90 % sure . 
  but not 100 % likely we would lose _ its just dumb to say that . 
  upsets have and will always happen . 
  they want to push the industry forward ? 
  criminal !,
