  except their was proof of the accusations made in gamergate , there is none for yours . 
  sorry kid . 
  1080 founders edition * . 
  3rd party 1080 's do not have the same issues . 
  he discusses the 970 memory issues in the video i linked you spanner . 
  i disagree with you so i must be jay ... ok . 
  why would he make a video criticising the product of the company who you are certain are keeping him `` well bribed '' ? 
  deleting your comment ? 
  it does n't brick the console . 
  it is inferior , that does n't make it bad but it is inferior . 
  it can do less , is less powerful and is all around inferior . 
  denying that is silly . 
  15fps in the new dlc must be very cinematic . 
  one person said that and was completely downvoted , you are believing there is a problem where there is none . 
  there is a problem with console players feeling entitled to the mods modders create for pc . 
  uploading them to bethesda.net with it not being your work is n't right . 
  that 's the point . 
  i could say the same to him adding in `` zero crashes so far '' . 
  why add that unless trying to imply it will crash on pc ? 
  for sure , i think the biggest difference is price . 
  if you have the money to spend on an expensive rig then i think you 'll get a better experience on pc . 
  of course a ps4 priced pc is silly in my opinion as the ps4 is more reliable in that price bracket . 
  especially here in the uk where pc prices are more expensive , you ca n't build a rig equal to ps4 at the same price without buying used producst , in which case you could do the same for ps4 and lower the price . 
  with all that said , a good pc is going to do everything a ps4 can except play exclusives . 
  i 'm allowed to point out how stupid his baseless opinion is though . 
  the plural of anecdote is not evidence mate . 
  stannis had a flaming sword but a glowing white sword is way too unrealistic and cheesy . 
  i know , they even mention how it produced no heat . 
  but it looked at as ridiculous as a `` real '' flaming sword , which is my point . 
  it does n't change the fact it was a flaming sword , exactly the same as beric 's and thoros ' in the book in terms of how `` cheesy '' they look . 
  the others do have a strange way of laughing , it 's mentioned in the books . 
  yes . 
  my point was that to the viewer , that ca n't feel heat through a screen , they all look as cheesy . 
  that just is n't true , he performed at the qualifier and the major . 
  facts ca n't stop the fallout 4 hate . 
  bullshit you can get consistent 60fps with all settings on high with a pc that costed $ 380 . 
  that 's just a lie . 
  it the book he has had his redemption , fuck knows what the show is doing with him though . 
  i assume your version of windows was free . 
  you still are n't getting that framerate in the city with godrays and shadow distance on high , not with a gpu like that . 
  ultrawide still has issues with many games though , fallout 4 and witcher 3 for instance . 
  at launch there were issues with cutscenes , probably fixed now though . 
  you have to do it in order to do the main skellige quests . 
  you are n't forced to trade ... 
  you must not know what settings you are running at because no benchmark site gives a 390/970 anywhere near your performance at 1440p . 
  cyanide is healthy , 100 % organic . 
  [ even geralt does n't understand . 
  not him but i find it just keeps on trying to find bigger ways to shock the reader . 
  video of curcumcision below, 
  [ take a look at this video intended for healthcare professionals , tell me why you think this is necessary for babies to undergo . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/bxvffi76ff0?t=306 ), 
  the replay you watch has a low tickrate , not the game itself . 
  sucks you are being downvoted , it is a mental disorder . 
  the survey is here http://www.comres.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2016/05/ahmadi-muslims_perceptions-of-the-caliphate.pdf, 
  here 's the survey alone http://www.comres.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2016/05/ahmadi-muslims_perceptions-of-the-caliphate.pdf, 
  to be fair that was pretty shit banter . 
  we smashed you 3-0 earlier on so you bringing up that is a bit hollow . 
  8-2 on the other hand , that makes me feel hollow . 
  she-hulk would get thrown around just like hulk does when he faces thanos . 
  nobody in this group should be able to take down thanos , spectrum and blue marvel might be annoying to deal with but he beats the silver surfer pretty easily . 
  losing here is bad writing , but i guess they beat him with the power of the love they have for she-hulk or something dumb like that . 
  but now the galaxy ending threats are over , so they spend their time on earth . 
  grrm says on his blog that is a one time thing . 
  the fact that the glover claimed he was backing the boltons because of his family that died at the red wedding , despite the boltons being the ones that killed them , was hilariously bad writing . 
  the poorly managed immigration has been an issue though , this is what happens . 
  well she 's a targaryen so she has a resistance to fire , but even aegon could n't stand in fires like she does in the show . 
  ikr , only 8 in 8 for france . 
  shhh , facts wo n't stop the circlejerk . 
  no it eats it alive . 
  everyone who bought a 970 did it because they fell for novideo marketing . 
  devs have disabled tressfx for anyone on nvidia cards in the past , neither side is angelic . 
  i 'm expecting that to be jorah . 
  it looks better than modded skyrim , the mods do n't fix the god awful animations that skyrim and all bethesda games suffer from . 
  or you know , valve titles . 
  those animations are still pretty poor . 
  lol ... 
  dark souls take a bit of time to learn but it really is n't that hard . 
  almost all damage is predictable and preventable . 
  rofl they chant in unison because they are there for a football tournament , that 's what fans do . 
  there was n't enough evidence for them to be found guilty . 
  that is not the same as not being a criminal . 
  yeah no , anyone that does n't praise amd and post on / r/ayyymd is a novideo shill . 
  well link all the reliable sources talking about the injured russian and french fans then please . 
  in the article you linked the content never once mentions the injured russian fan , only the injured `` british '' fans . 
  despite it mentioning it in the title . 
  it does of course mention the multiple `` british '' fans in hospital . 
  almost like the english fans are the victims in this scenario . 
  you consider that a reliable source when it conflicts with itself ? 
  `` seems to suggest '' . conclusive proof right there mate . 
  i never once said that but if you want to believe that about russians , go ahead . 
  nice strawman btw . 
  the fact is the russian and marseille ultras are the ones instigating the violence . 
  i mean look at the violence inside the stadium , it 's the russians charging into the english , not the other way around . 
  guess that does n't fit your narrative though . 
  you go on about our history of football hooliganism as if that is somehow relevant to the modern day . 
  for some reason you seem to believe our fans our the bad guys in this scenario , despite video evidence showing they are n't . 
  the hilarious thing is the best source you could find on the poor russian victims is one referring to them as a `` football team '' and then listing multiple english people in hospital . 
  yeah it would n't work on consoles . 
  they would n't be able to feel as powerful as they would have to rely on the auto aim being unable to spray . 
  i forgot you could buy portal 2 or cs : go on origin , my bad .
