  because he went about it by cloning his dead friend and recruiting murderous supervillians and then wondering why people considered him hypocritical and the bad guy . 
  but he does n't . 
  its completely out of character for him and tarnished him for years . 
  it 's only recently his character has finally gotten over it . 
  a terrible event with even worse characterisation . 
  from a quote of naz shah . 
  by the time he 'd made his `` deal with the zionists '' , he 'd written his book calling for the ethnic cleansing of jews . 
  sure looks like a zionist to me . 
  responding to a reasoned argument with all-caps inane drivel make you look stupid . 
  not a good look . 
  it 's constantly mentioned and upvoted on this subreddit . 
  cosmo is never an actual guardian though , while mantis is . 
  it helps with the low framerate . 
  beating that liquid side is n't impressive . 
  barristan the bold dissagrees . 
  that was avenger 's world and namor was standing in water at the time . 
  he also ended as you said , only alive because thanos chose not to kill him . 
  uncharted 1 was better for its time than uncharted 3 . 
  i probably read more dc comics than you do . 
  you just post on a movie subreddit so ... 
  with the stranger being the 4th covered face that took on his own form . 
  or something like that . 
  come uppens . 
  they died because of previously defined character traits . 
  barristan died because he was stupid ( in the show ) , which is n't a character trait of his . 
  yeah davos mentions how stannis looks like he aged years after fathering the shadow baby . 
  well he is n't really . 
  just kinda . 
  he is more of a reincarnated spiritual copy of her child she lost that she wished into reality . 
  reed and dr. doom and first and second , unquestionably . 
  the maker ( assuming we are considering him prime/616 now ) is right up there with them as well . 
  blue marvel is also in ultimates shown to be more intelligent than black panther . 
  people like the high evolutionary operate far beyond any normal could , but considering him human any more might be a stretch . 
  i mean , even someone like beast is probably smarter , and this is forgetting people like banner , cho , and valeria . 
  i 'm hoping you 're are right but i do n't see it in the article you linked . 
  `` new asynchronous compute advances improve efficiency and gaming performance . '', 
  this could just mean driver side improvements , if it is hardware side why would n't they say so ? 
  yeah ok , you still are n't showing me where it says that . 
  find me a reliable source noting it is hardware side async compute if you are going to claim it is . 
  reed called cho the 7th most intelligent human so i 'm assuming he is similar to bp . 
  beast easily created a time machine and has to be constantly told to think before he creates insanely clever yet dumb shit . 
  but yeah you are right , having so many supergeniuses dilutes the uniqueness of it . 
  you linked an article that never once mentions it is hardware side as proof it is . 
  that 's pretty fucking stupid . 
  now you are accusing me of being lazy because you 've been caught in a lie . 
  good job mate . 
  so you want me to prove pascal does n't have hardware async compute ? 
  for sure it might , in the same way it might come with a pack of haribos . 
  impossible for either you to disprove or me to prove . 
  the only source you have linked is nvidia saying they have made `` new asynchronous compute advances '' . 
  nothing about hardware async compute is mentioned . 
  just mute the videos then . 
  the data has no bias . 
  simonson 's thor run is really good . 
  just because you call it a shitpost does n't make it immune from criticism . 
  yeahhhhh , that just is n't true . 
  it 's still a disability and getting offended by people acknowledging that is silly . 
  i could live a fulfilling life without legs as i could still shitpost and meme on reddit but i would still be disabled . 
  i 'm not talking about going up to someone and calling them disabled or fat . 
  i mean if you had to describe someone , noting their hearing disability or their weight would n't be offensive . 
  if you just want to do hos , the game gives you the option to play with a premade save for hos . 
  yeah ottley is much better , i feel like at first it looked like a web comic . 
  it 's impressive as hell and i really enjoy his current art , shame he 's off atm honestly . 
  honestly ca n't tell you as i never used it , just seen it in the menu . 
  evidence they pay off devs please . 
  great way to avoid providing any sources or evidence . 
  just making baseless accusations . 
  but what can i expect from a fanboy . 
  it 's a bit of an oxymoron eh . 
  i was just linking it to show that these kind of prediction aimbots do exist . 
  he died a hero 's death only to be brought back and get blown up . 
  wooooo, 
  brienne is not the same level as any of the others you listed . 
  i really only think that went that way because jaime was one handed . 
  does n't help he was also completely lacking in self belief as well . 
  henryg again has a much better understanding of the game than anders . 
  your evidence is an arstechnica article where nvidia 's main competitors claim they did it . 
  do you know what evidence is ? 
  the maesters are no doubt up to something . 
  most likely sloppy writing from the show . 
  funnily enough they name dropped him in the episode during the small council meeting . 
  yep , jaime word have served with dayne and seen his ability dual wielding . 
  would n't make sense for him to say that if dayne was planned to dual wield . 
  but this is sloppy writing . 
  you ca n't just avoid criticism by mocking me . 
  they could have given him his glowing sword dawn . 
  its not ` glow ' glowing , but i 've always imagined it as having a white glow . 
  they did a flaming sword without it looking stupid , they could do a slightly glowing sword . 
  london *, 
  it 's more to do with the outdated nature of the console . 
  although it is impressive how fucking amazing the game looks . 
  you insulted amd on reddit , what did you think would happen ? 
  he 's god awful at 90 % of games he plays and whines about stuff , that if he was n't shit at , he 'd have no reason to whine . 
  can you read ? 
  b e n d i s, 
  jaime mentions when he was dubbed with dawn it cut through his leather he was wearing . 
  she 's a good fighter no doubt , i think only 4 categories is very limiting . 
  taxes = gas chambers . 
  cool . 
  your first point is n't true , albeit due to unknown information at the time .
