  like when france needed american planes to ferry troops and equipment to mali or when we relied on american fuel in the falklands war . 
  yes , the us has the power to maintain and keep bases all over the planet , there 's a reason we do n't have any bases in the us . 
  cooperation with the us has nothing to do with being a superpower . 
  in what way could `` europe '' be a superpower without having global military reach ? 
  i just gave you two examples . 
  here is another , during the intervention in libya most european countries ran out of ammo and had to buy more from the us . 
  italy also withdrew their aircraft carrier midway because they could n't afford it . 
  i meant it more to show that the us projects force globally whereas europe does n't . 
  [ it 's your lucky day !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3gjovpjhxmy ), 
  obviously christianity is just as bad as islam !, 
  if the migrant crisis had n't occurred , we would n't have left the eu . 
  what ? 
  the only answer i would want a prime minister to give publicly is that they would definitely use it . 
  you 're on / r/uk and not voting tory ? 
  you 're a brave individual . 
  it is n't true though . 
  oxford university and the wellcome trust conducted a wide scale genetics testing project ( 2004-2013 ) to investigate how closely we inhabitants of different parts of the british isles are related to each other and how in turn we are related to other parts of europe . 
  the same size was 4,500 people and these subjects were chosen on the basis that all four of their biological grandparents were born in the same rough geographic location as them . 
  this was to control for modern mass immigration . 
  in regards specifically to the anglo-saxon invasions they found that there had been a large influx , but this did not replace the pre-existing romano-celtic population , rather mixing occurred . 
  that would suggest a high rate inter-marriage/breeding between the two communities . 
  with the modern british population exhibiting both romano-celtic and anglo-saxon ancestry and concentrations corresponding to the areas of greatest settlement . 
  `` the pobi evidence points firmly to a large influx of anglo-saxon dna but also the presence in modern descendants of a substantial amount of an ` ancient british ' dna which most closely matches the dna of modern inhabitants of france and ireland . 
  this led the researchers to conclude that there had been an intermingling between the existing romano-british population and the newcomer anglo - saxons , rather than a full-scale population wipe-out . '', 
  it is n't true though . 
  oxford university and the wellcome trust conducted a wide scale genetics testing project ( 2004-2013 ) to investigate how closely we inhabitants of different parts of the british isles are related to each other and how in turn we are related to other parts of europe . 
  the same size was 4,500 people and these subjects were chosen on the basis that all four of their biological grandparents were born in the same rough geographic location as them . 
  this was to control for modern mass immigration . 
  in regards specifically to the anglo-saxon invasions they found that there had been a large influx , but this did not replace the pre-existing romano-celtic population , rather mixing occurred . 
  that would suggest a high rate inter-marriage/breeding between the two communities . 
  with the modern british population exhibiting both romano-celtic and anglo-saxon ancestry and concentrations corresponding to the areas of greatest settlement . 
  `` the pobi evidence points firmly to a large influx of anglo-saxon dna but also the presence in modern descendants of a substantial amount of an ` ancient british ' dna which most closely matches the dna of modern inhabitants of france and ireland . 
  this led the researchers to conclude that there had been an intermingling between the existing romano-british population and the newcomer anglo - saxons , rather than a full-scale population wipe-out . '', 
  [ indonesia sure does sound like a tolerant and lovely country !, 
  ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/oct/17/aceh-flogs-13-young-people-for-breaking-islamic-laws-sharia-intimacy-indonesian-province ), 
  lol, 
  he was grateful we are n't a communist state . 
  that will not go down well here . 
  it 's more fun than the usual insults . 
  you 're such a victim , how do you cope ? 
  i mean if shit was on the floor you would n't just wipe it with a dry paper towel , would you ? 
  everyone i disagree with is a fascist/hitler/dictator . 
  some religions are worse than others . 
  not really , i do n't golf and i would n't expect to be grouped with everyone else that does n't golf . 
  that would be odd . 
  when have all these murders been committed in the ** name of atheism ** ? 
  this is not true . 
  ukip got more votes last election than the snp and lib dems combined , or lib dem and greens combined . 
  everyone i do n't agree with is a shill . 
  2000 years ago the island was mostly forested . 
  is a learning disability not a mental issue ? 
  i think he is the president of america . 
  there is no ban currently , nothing would change . 
  there was n't a ban in place , they just removed their commitment to a ban . 
  it 's just that the title implies a ban is being dropped when in reality there is no such ban in place . 
  it 's shit that they 're removing the pledge but it 's also bad to try and make it seem worse than it is . 
  only remainers can post news regarding brexit . 
  thank god for that . 
  these people have agency of their own , stop being so bigoted . 
  if you choose to murder children that 's down to you , not everything can be blamed on the west . 
  although i can see you 'd like to . 
  we must tolerate intolerance . 
  to be intolerant of intolerance would be to let these types win !, 
  they generally do n't claim attacks they did n't commit or directly inspire . 
  `` a simple tabulation of past claims of responsibility for attacks in the west shows that isis has been surprisingly disciplined in only claiming attacks that the terror group has either directed , enabled or else inspired , '' rukmini callimachi , a new york times correspondent focusing on isis and al-qaeda , told the independent . 
  in inspired , i meant more ones where the perpetrator declares loyalty to isis before or during the attack , like the orlando attacker . 
  churchill was in favour of using tear gas , let 's not pretend it is comparable to the weapons the syrians used . 
  the top post on the subreddit at the moment is pushing an ideology , yet nobody has an issue with that . 
  it seems it 's more that you feel this poster has the wrong ideology . 
  he was n't british though . 
  he most likely is british born , but he is n't british . 
  all those murders committed in the name of trousers . 
  anyone of any ethnicity can be british , but to be british you need to be culturally british . 
  this wo n't help the anti-refugee sentiment !, 
  the attack was motivated by his religion , which is islam . 
  islam is a religion , not a race . 
  `` corbyn has been on the right side of history since he began his long political career '', 
  i do n't think he was on the right side of the intervention in kosovo , what with him considering it [ fraudulent ] ( http://www.parliament.uk/edm/2004-05/392 ) . 
  you 're right , stopping the innocent civilians being massacred should n't have been done because george fucking galloway said so . 
  it 's wrong and i 'm sure you agree . 
  but what does that have to do with making a religion comprising of people from south-east asia to north africa a race ? 
  there 's no evidence for the claim , it 's not sourced . 
  you 'll forgive me for not taking george galloway at his word . 
  so it 's gone from being the source of guns to the source of drugs . 
  which is it ? 
  i like to believe that you supported the prevention of ethnic cleansing in kosovo , although the longer you argue i 'm realising you probably did n't . 
  again you copy and paste something completely unsourced . 
  kosovo was the poorest and most corrupt country in the sfrj , it was n't made into that by nato or the us . 
  nato intervened in kosovo to protect the ethnic albanians in kosovo from ethnic cleansing , your conspiracy does n't change that . 
  here 's the full article if you ca n't get onto the site for whatever reason . 
  `` in the run-up to the 2015 election , one of the handicaps david cameron had to finesse was the fact that net migration to the uk was three times as high as he had promised it would be . 
  remarkably , none of the opprobrium this failure provoked brought forth the name of theresa may , the cabinet minister actually entrusted with bringing migration down . 
  then , as now , it was as if the icy home secretary had a dark magic that warded off all critical scrutiny . 
  the fact that her lead role in this fiasco went unnoticed and unmentioned likely reflects mrs may 's brilliant , all-consuming efforts to burnish her image with a view to become prime minister . 
  after all , mrs may 's tenure as home secretary has been little better than disastrous -- a succession of derelictions that has left britain 's borders and coastline at least as insecure as they were in 2010 , and which mean that british governments still rely on guesswork to estimate how many people enter and leave the country . 
  people find this hard to credit because she exudes determination and strength . 
  compared to many of her bland , flabby cabinet colleagues , she has real gravitas . 
  and few who follow british politics would deny that she is a deadly political infighter . 
  indeed theresa may is to westminster what cersei lannister is to westeros in game of thrones : no one who challenges her survives undamaged , while the welfare of the realm is of secondary concern .
