  the infantry is more clueless . 
  i assume it 's sarcasm , gunning a shredder is insanely easy as it is little more than point and click . 
  when farming infantry it might as well be . 
  iceko was using coyotes so he had to be put down . 
  `` in real life me and ** my mate ** s like to take the piss out of each other to have a laugh and joke '', 
  i realised you were joking when you acted as if you have friends in real life . 
  jkjk, 
  honestly , i 'm just joking around . 
  good on frank if he means this . 
  when a lib chases me from one side of indar to the other i know it 's you !, 
  oh lordy , i was on ceres and assumed it was just me so i went onto woodman to check . 
  saw it was happening there as well and assumed it was me . 
  i get a better ping on american servers , 2nd-class customers or what . 
  like you would 've got me , 
  c'mon , just take a look on the main planetside subreddit . 
  there are 7 posts on the first page talking about it . 
  surely it 's a troll account ? 
  you are in an outfit where the majority of poeple fly with lockons :(, 
  when i first got steam i 'd just watched `` scarface '' , and being how i was , decided this was a good name to go with . 
  about a year later , i changed it to `` cakeface '' , just randomly , i then met the friends i played tf2 with for 3000 hours and that was that . 
  later , in december 2012 i signed up to this game , sadly cakeface was taken . 
  the resourceful man that i am , i thought `` what sounds like c ? 
  then kakeface was born . 
  i did n't know it had that meaning , when i look back at it it 's quite funny . 
  first person to tell me what it meant was makuza . 
  he said my flying skills were summed up by my name . 
  * so . . this guy cakeface, 
  * heard he is a bad scout man . 
  * yeah he has pretty shitty dm . 
  * and is just terrible at everything he does, 
  * man thats harsh, 
  * its true though, 
  * it is kinda true = /, 
  this ? 
  i was gon na say , nothing on there has anything to do with planetside . 
  i 'm up for it . 
  you stupid basketball-playing baltics . 
  what kind of shit argument is that ? 
  `` if you are as good as mattiace you wo n't struggle '' , well no shit . 
  if you are as good as the best pilots in the entire game you wo n't struggle . 
  and ca n't be affected by boosts ? 
  right ? 
  vs has the lowest overall pop out of all the servers . 
  the game has no meta , the only thing that tells you that you are doing well is being given certs . 
  when you can get more certs farming all day , makes sense to farm . 
  but your score/min might go down , ca n't risk that . 
  that last kill was awesome . 
  nice edit . 
  by the time i 'd typed a reply , you had changed it , tssssk . 
  like you would expect anything else !, 
  ca n't remember earlier this month ? 
  i 'm not saying dora spend all their time up there , but denying you spend any time up there and saying you ca n't remember the last time , despite the fact you were up there is bullshit . 
  [ . yvan eht nioj ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_kmiw1nmiz0 ), 
  you caught me . 
  warpgate camping with one person ... 
  farming infantry in a shredder lib is hard , do n't diss . 
  how can you play with 15fps . 
  yeah , i have n't manged to find any recorder that does n't lower my fps too much . 
  i understand , but 15fps would be so frustrating . 
  i used to be able to play with shadows on , now i can barely get 40fps with all settings on low or off . 
  i stare at my 7950 really hard and hope to magic it into an 770 . 
  no luck yet :(, 
  if the lmg locked onto infanty that would be a good analogy , but they do n't so it is n't . 
  the king of cheese trying to call others out , that 's cute . 
  go back to cs : go , scrub . 
  if you are going to make these claims , back it up with some evidence . 
  i doubt you 'll be able to find evidence of something that has n't happened , good luck finding it though . 
  hanz was in sllg , he never partook in any of their exploiting . 
  if you have proof hanz was exploiting , then go ahead and call him out . 
  at the moment it just seems like you are obsessed with him . 
  he left sllg due to their exploiting nature , kinda implying he does n't agree with them doing that . 
  saying `` chums '' also further proves your ignorance . 
  i called him out as an exploiter and the only evidence i had was that he was sllg . 
  i spoke to him after and realized that i 'd never seem him do it , i was accusing him solely on his tag . 
  which seems to be what you are doing , except you are doing with a tag he used to have . 
  i think that was kinda a bit much , just a bit . 
  edit : it was going so well until the last paragraph ... plz, 
  knocking spelling and/or grammar is a bit cheap , especially when you have no idea if english is their native language . 
  i do n't like using stats over caps and defenses to measure anything , they do n't mean anything . 
  i often go to bases and once we have it all cleared up , i move on out to help another fight . 
  whereas defenses obviously stack up really easily as unflipping a single point will give you the defense . 
  in the end , these cap/defend stats show nothing really . 
  as you said earlier , attacking a base requires large numbers ( according to you ) . 
  incase you had n't noticed dhmr does n't have that many members . 
  if peoplr are already asking him to join , they do n't need you to do anything . 
  `` im not racist , i have a black friend '' / s, 
  if people are asking to join your outfit , i 'd say try and balance the recruitment to people that suit your outfit . 
  there are too many outfits that have recruited too quickly and they lost their individuality , becoming nothing more than a group of people sharing the same tag . 
  hopefully f1st wo n't become that , you obviously have people committed to bettering the outfit and leading platoons . 
  neither of which are easy . 
  as for the thread itself , just stop with these , you know you will get this response . 
  unless you enjoy wallowing in self-pity i guess . 
  all i would ask of you is you stop dropping on good fights that are currently going on . 
  for instance , yesterday f1st dropped on howling pass increasing pop from 50 % to 70 % nc . 
  this kills the fight and i ca n't see how it will be fun for your guys . 
  you wo n't better the server and most importantly for you , you wo n't increase the skill level of your outfit . 
  edit : fixed some spelling . 
  k1ng , you are by far the best troll on the subreddit . 
  despite all the bullshit you say , you manage to stay likeable . 
  it 's impressive .
