  but you probably wo n't respond because you get off on talking down to people . 
  they still trade blows at 1080p , both are better in different games . 
  it comes down to what you want to play and what you value . 
  although if one is cheaper where you live , get that . 
  they trade blows , learn to read . 
  nowhere did i write that the 390 is worse than the 970 , just that they both perform better in different games . 
  the 980ti handily beats it there , even with the 390 getting an oc in those tests . 
  the 970 would look very similar if you compared it oced to a non oc 980ti . 
  road trip adventure came out in 2002 , so maybe you 're forgetting that rather than the other way around . 
  then you 're blind . 
  so you are playing the tr victim ? 
  because not doing that is n't about being politically correct , it 's about not being stupidly racist . 
  insulting me is n't going to make your point any stronger . 
  you do realise wii emulators exist lol . 
  if you do n't overclock the 970 you 're an idiot . 
  they overclock so well and you will get mad performance gains . 
  it makes a massive difference https://youtu.be/jne8vwue2a4?t=252, 
  and yet it does . 
  what ? 
  you can see in the video the difference it makes , which is why i linked it . 
  but sure , waste mods time by reporting me . 
  you 're the fucking retard who does n't realise how well maxwell cards overclock . 
  then he 's being a bit silly , not overclocking a maxwell card does n't make much sense . 
  i understand he might be worried about stability but you do n't even need to change the voltage on a 970 . 
  all you have to do is download msi afterburner and bump up the core and memory clocks . 
  i 've got mine ( msi 970 twin frozr ) at +160 core and +500 memory clock with 110 % power and no fiddling with voltage . 
  i get why you 're wary about it but you really ca n't mess it up . 
  10-20 % in most games , however every card will have different limits . 
  from what i 've heard , the g1 is one of the worse 970 's around . 
  evga , from your title , are always good . 
  they have solid cooling and amazing customer support . 
  what ? 
  then captain marvel is a fucking idiot , it 's an obvious mismatch . 
  bad writing imo , if true of course . 
  except when he resurrects spidey to have him have a `` happy '' ending . 
  uhhh , you sure you do n't mean orson welles ? 
  it was n't fun for ** you ** . 
  that does n't mean it was n't fun for other people . 
  oh , if everyone else does n't like it . 
  i guess i have to hate it . 
  the psu in the ps4 is cheap as shit and the case is plastic . 
  it 's a shitty chinese psu . 
  not knocking it in the ps4 as it does the job fine , in mine at least . 
  the point is that it is no more likely to `` break '' than a cheap pc psu , both are equally bad . 
  looks of the case are purely preference so claiming one is better looking than the other does n't make any sense . 
  but on the broader point , i agree with you . 
  cheap gaming pc 's are not viable , especially when many of the draws of pc gaming are to do with the higher framerates/graphics . 
  running 30fps games at console level graphics is pointless because at that point you might as well get a console as it 's more convenient and wo n't require upgrading for a while . 
  medium water looks awful when you sail or run through it . 
  not really , high water has such a minimal impact . 
  it stops your water from looking like this http://international.download.nvidia.com/geforce-com/international/images/the-witcher-3-wild-hunt/the-witcher-3-wild-hunt-water-quality-performance.png , which is how it is on medium and low . 
  haha yeah i did , no one commented on it so i did n't even notice . 
  thats how it looks on high or ultra . 
  that 's how it looks on low or medium . 
  it 's not with it in my opinion , looks so wonky . 
  it 's pretty terrible looking . 
  it 's like that with people , rather than the fans . 
  arsenal just attract a lot of young people to be fans . 
  got ta love the golden big boy pants . 
  if my comics are n't written by 10/10 greek gods i tear them up . 
  it 's a multiplayer game with the skill ceiling of a bungalow , sadly this lowers it 's replay value . 
  lol u cant handle le dank meme ? 
  u stupid sjw scum , 
  my biggest issue with it is the terrible implementation of smaa . 
  edit : sry downvoter , the smaa is good plz dont dv plz . 
  the game has no other inbuilt good aa options , either smaa which doesnt work half the time or fxaa where you might as well run on low textures . 
  but in the end they wo n't vote , it 's what always happens . 
  you tell him how to spend his disposable income !, 
  it is , but it 's his and long as he can afford it who cares ? 
  i love looking at these kind of builds , even if i get jealous . 
  vision disagrees . 
  i wonder who humphries is sleeping with . 
  not figuratively , literally . 
  ahhahahahhahahhahahhahahahhahahahhahahahhah invisible eh ? 
  cringe bag ... are you 12 ? 
  he got bullied off the ball pretty often but still managed to create quite a lot of chances . 
  although that is n't as impressive against 10 men . 
  thanks !, 
  thanks again for dat guy . 
  it being on the windows store means it wo n't allow freesync/gsync and will have v sync forced . 
  thats a no for me . 
  the game is 1080p and runs at 30fps barely ever dropping belowing 25 . 
  stop talking about something you know nothing about . 
  edit : pls dont downvote im sorry , game is 240p and 5fps . 
  ultimates is really good as well . 
  where can you buy a new 970 for # 240 ? 
  thanks , was just asking . 
  keep reading , you 'll love it !, 
  shadowban pls mods : , 
  lol, 
  why would they offer you free multiplayer on console when they have no competition for providing the multiplayer ? 
  you guys already pay for it , removing it makes no sense from a business point of view . 
  they ca n't charge for multiplayer on pc because none of their competitors do . 
  yeah , it runs at a lower than 720p resolution and struggles to get 20fps in areas . 
  you want to know what is being said about you . 
  excited for the non sam nova . 
  it 's the nova prime helmet , but no idea if it 'll be rider . 
  sadly he probably wo n't come back until bendis goes . 
  thinking about it now it probably is sam . 
  i 'm sorta similar , i do n't really mind sam but hugely i prefer rider .
