you mean world ? 
  yea , lets listen to eeu when everyone else has a problem , not when we do . 
  as new people come and get in charge , things change that 's how we got from slavery to today , younger folks realized shit 's dumb and changed it, 
  new generation does n't do that and does n't think like that for the most part what are you talking about ? 
  http://www.politico.eu/article/english-will-not-be-an-official-eu-language-after-brexit-senior-mep/ its because of uk + ireland , also because of us influence obviously, 
  only a few more decades and these extremist old men should die out and new generation will take place , so crap like this does n't happen, 
  does n't matter , you do n't use the least used way of measure to tell people something, 
  srs , using miles in europe ? 
  its not absurd at all . 
  his place , he should have freedom to say anything he wants, 
  denmark , norway or switzerland, 
  let the man say and do what he wants in his own place as long as its not physically harming somebody , it should be allowed, 
  the cost of having them here plus the damage some of them will do at certain point far exceeds that, 
  the shit those people do will cost a lot more than 30m, 
  no definitely not being considered because current gov likes to lick eu 's ( germany ) butthole no clue how many , but there are plans to give them homes and jobs while our children are starving . 
  enough of a reason to be against them shit country , more than 50 % voted for guy that supports this and now they hit their heads against the wall , since they lowered salaries and pensions as well people will never learn, 
  good for them . 
  if only we did the same . 
  this is the case of muslim doing bad things to muslim its not someone else doing bad things to muslim, 
  police are feared into being labeled racist , nazi , xphobic etc. 
  refugees welcome, 
  because that would imply somebody else is doing bad things to them most muslims are killed by other muslims, 
  oh yea , pass anything you do n't like as `` hate speech '' the classic thanks for proving my point, 
  https://www.google.com/#q=german+social+media+censorship pick whatever you like, 
  precisely what i do most of the time never fully trust anyone , only yourself, 
   just show me some proof then . 
  ca n't be that hard if it 's all over the internet any proof i show you , you will probably call propaganda and lies as usual anything negative is fake , right ? 
   you should contact the admins then , because someone is using your profile to comment in those subs ( and / r/conspiracy as well ) i find posts on / r/all , i usually dont look at what sub i comment in but i dont go to those specific subs, 
  working out fine ? 
  lmao well france is being censored on facebook now , we 'll see if germany will be next ( to do it publickly ), 
  and who is ordering police to `` silence '' him ? 
  nazi regime ? 
  lol  known police profile from orebro reported after the ** hateful ** postings on facebook the site you linked why do you think it took that long for someone to speak up on the issue ? 
  because they are all free to say whatever they want ? 
  or because they get outcasted by community ? 
   stop spreading bullshit about hate crimes hilarious considering your site says that you are the one who clearly has no idea what 's happening, 
  no sources will satisfy your kind, 
   that 's blatantly false no , that 's not true . 
  just look around internet , what they do with facebook , twitter etc. 
  get off reddit and read what ? 
  sites that tell me russian hacking is responsible for everything they do n't like ? 
  big ol' devil putin that wants to conquer the world and kill all gays ? 
  and i do n't go to those subs , i gain the knowledge from various sites and lump that knowledge together to figure out what is actually happening  if it was actually illegal then why are parties like the sweden democrats and afd allowed to exist ? 
  because then it would be obvious that they are making it illegal . 
  now its not because they are doing it subtly . 
  it does n't take much thinking to actually disprove your statement ... 
   if he reported 9 swede crimes and 1 migrant crime he would n't be investigated i think he would be investigated if he did that while ranting against the police force and native swedes why would he rant against police force ? 
  they are doing their job but they are being silenced, 
  yea my bad , he 's being investigated and you see nothing wrong with that ? 
  if he reported 9 swede crimes and 1 migrant crime he would n't be investigated  a chief investigator also backed up his opinions not opinions , facts he reported what is happening, 
  sweden , germany anything `` negative '' against miniorities is a hate crime it did adopt and its spreading fast ... 
  is sweden liberal ? 
  germany ? 
  where speaking out against miniorities is considered a hate crime ? 
  because that 's where europe is heading, 
  everywhere is like that on paper , but what is actually being done ? 
  for example that sweden cop recently that reported weekly crimes and those who did it is being charged with hate crime ... because he reported real statistics . 
  is hungary like this as well ? 
   you can not rebrand liberalism to suddenly be about restricting individual freedom that 's exactly what 's being done right now . 
  just how you can rebrand feminism , that 's how you rebrand other stuff . 
   in finland if someone is liberal he is pro freedom for individuals i 'm talking from us standpoint because they are starting to affect everyone else . 
  liberalism in us ( and its spreading like plague everywhere , sweden most notable for example ) blocks free speech and shuns those who have different opinion . 
  i know what liberal in itself means and is supposed to be about . 
  that 's why sane liberals in us are rebranding themselves to classic liberals . 
   however if the word liberal is really used to restrict personal freedom in your country you probably need to have a real debate about it thats what happening in us and is happening in a lot of places, 
  itt people think that blocking freedom of speech and demanding people to say what they do n't believe in or face charges is `` freedom '' brainwashed alright ... 
  no , that 's classic liberalism , just like it says today 's liberalism is blocking of free speech just how today 's feminists do n't want equality , they are just man haters that want to rule over men, 
  i wish , hopefully one day, 
  when your country 's average wage is near lowest minimum wages of europe http://i.imgur.com/gb5wlos.jpg, 
  its not , they just love to make righters seem racist, 
  so europe is all of a sudden just western europeans ? 
  lmao, 
  agreed, 
  of course its red pill , did it on purpose that being said , there are a lot of people that either are n't aware of the problem or just pretend that `` its fine '' , especially those in power, 
  sounds good for those policies, 
  i dont know much about france politics , but as long as he 's not for destroying europe by pouring in people that do n't want to fit in , he 's gucci . 
  people are slowly reaching for that red pill europe is waking up , go france !, 
  funny how the moment you talk `` non-left '' way you get downvoted without any thought !, 
  lol, 
  yea , we 're not really choosers if you give shit for free , we take it, 
   belarus  rus russia is trying to sneak into eu through serbia !!, 
   reduced to a piece of jiggly furniture that has better life and gets things faster sounds like a dream to me , who cares what others see you as, 
  i was repeteadly told by friends in higher position that if i was a decent looking woman as opposed to a man , i would 've had higher position in my firm in no time . 
  yea , it 's pretty tough being average guy here in east eu . 
  because there 's only this shit happening over there and nowhere else, 
  they are not migrating because of how wonderful they have it with all the wars over there, 
  pretty much everything coming from america right now is another stupidity like blm, 
  so shameful how lot of you are like  heh , gypsies amirite ? 
  huehue yes dude , fucking gypsies when did gypsies do anything good for a country they live in ? 
  yet we still tolerate them and pay for them i will never forget this gypsy girl in my class . 
  final year of elementary school , 8th grade . 
  like 3 months to go . 
  drops out . 
  three months before its over . 
  and she had okayish grades ( were n't abysmall ) . 
  why she dropped out ? 
  because she found a fucking boyfriend . 
  when will the world wake up ? 
  they 're all dicks that are in this solely for personal profit that 's why we try to find a new non-dick each time , but fail since they 're all dicks so we try again in couple of years ... 
  thought its some bullshit with trans and fat people lol,
