trash server confirmed lmao, 
  vengeance is a rushed project created to fill the void of rebirth 's demise ( i 've never heard of them before their `` launch '' in november , which is the same month that rebirth shutdown ) . 
  once kronos/nostalrius come out , no one will be left playing vengeance . 
  the fact of the matter is , is that the devs know this , and are actively trying to promote the server as much as possible in order to get the most amount of players/donators . 
  but , again , once kronos/nostalrius come out , everyone will leave for them , as they actually have proof for their scripting , while vengeance only claims that their scripting is good , even though no one has even played endgame raids yet . 
  the whole quality of the server right now is just based on questing , which is wrong . 
  x-savior , the supposedly main dev at vengeance , is actually just a database grunt . 
  compare this to people who actually do real work , like https://github.com/shauren from trinitycore . 
  prices for all csgo items are falling by the second, 
  steam market is crashing !, 
  the dream is collapsing !, 
  [ it 's happening ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tkbmahukiby ), 
  brilliant . 
  nice fake gpu m8, 
  it 's extremely old news , from back when gfwl was even still a thing . 
  every game under gfwl used to use the same key for activating games , so if you had a spare key for gta iv , you could activate halo 2 pc , gears of war pc , or any other gfwl game . 
  bear in mind , that once you used that gta key , it would be gone for good . 
  the point of this thread is that you can now get an extremely cheap key , that costs next to nothing , to play one of the best halo games on pc . 
  he was the epitome of masculinity in his younger years , some might even say that he still is today . 
  makes everything look more ** extreme **, 
  me three, 
  nothing . 
  for me , the game has been going down hill ever since that fucking retarded `` ok 's walking dead '' announcement that had us hyped for an entire fucking month for * supposed * payday 2 content . 
  ever since then , the quality of updates/dlc coming out has been increasingly becoming more and more lazy and rushed imo . 
  the way overkill is behaving is absolutely unacceptable , and almost never have i wished for a business to close its doors before . 
  i 'm serious - as long as there are people like that bearded prick that rigorously defend their `` practices '' , this could set a very dangerous precedent in the gaming industry , where devs/publishers will be even more keen to milk their costumers for cash as long as they have a relatively popular ip . 
  brilliant . 
  thanks op !, 
  you the man . 
  rule 6 holy shit, 
  all these posts are beautiful . 
  just goes to show how love and mutual respect can really move worlds and bring happiness to everyone . 
  undying respect for both todd and arnold . 
  [ because it 's not what 's best for business . 
  gr8 b8 m8 i r8 8/8, 
  anyone remember the glory days when machinima was actually good ? 
  when they used to upload actual machinima on their main channel , back when they still werent to the shit production house they are now ? 
  good times , those . 
  thanks , just saved for * science * . 
  yep , there 's been absolutely no work for this past week . 
  likely just a matter of time until they load up some new tasks though . 
  just used yours , here 's my [ ref link ] ( https://cloudrino.net/?ref=96809 ) . 
  waiting at # 87769 . 
   vmrrroooooo, 
  just used yours . 
  mine : http://referral.pureprofile.com/mtg5njayotix1, 
  new zealand !, 
  spotted those number plates a mile away . 
  edit : never mind , already revealed :(, 
  most became corporate . 
  they emphasise their business over the motorcycle lifestyle in their content . 
  6f4h and chase produce incredibly unoriginal and boring content now that they are rolling in dosh . 
  good news is that there 's still people who actually make videos to share that biker lifestyle . 
  baron , rj and schaaf all have a passion for riding which can be seen through their videos . 
  it 's more refreshing watching them than the polluted and unoriginal garbage most other motovloggers make nowadays . 
  i expect motovlogs to be declining with each year , because although it is a large genre in the youtube video space , it 's still recent enough that there are still niches that have n't been fully represented in motovlog form . 
  so expect more meme trash , foreign country stereotypes , doing dumb stuff for attention , etc. 
  be warned , this is not available everywhere - tried to use this just now in new zealand and got denied . 
  cheeky new zealand scrub here . 
  while our selection of the usual beermoney sites most people refer to is limited , believe it or not there are still a couple of good websites available . 
  spare5 , clickworker uhrs , microworkers , featurepoints ( on ios ) all offer enough work with consistent payout the more time you invest . 
  and this is coming from who ? 
  elaborate . 
  agreed . 
  as a migrant myself who has spent the time and effort integrating , learning the language and customs , and generally trying to create the `` dream '' for myself and others , nothing irritates me more than some asian prick who talks loudly and impolitely in the bus or any other public area like they bloody own the place . 
  and the moment you try to shut them up , they pull up the `` wacist '' card or pretend like they do n't understand . 
  the fact that this country is continuing to accept more and more people at an increasing rate makes me regret entirely investing my blood , sweat , tears and resources here , considering that the people i just mentioned get preferential treatment over me . 
   or you just think all muslims are backwards misogynist assholes ? 
  [ are n't they , though ? 
  ] ( http://www.answering-islam.org/authors/arlandson/women_inferior.htm ), 
  [ relevant . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tkbmahukiby ), 
  to be frank , yes . 
  i 'd personally like it best if we 'd accept no syrian or muslim migration/refugees . 
  where i was originally from , muslim turks controlled the country for 5 centuries at one point . 
  they killed , maimed , and discriminated against our local christians . 
  they imposed a `` blood tax '' , where they forcibly converted christian youth to islam , and then conscripted them as pawns for the needs of the state . 
  albania was christian before the ottoman turks invaded it and converted it - now nobody in europe treats it like a proper european country , nor does anyone want to go there . 
  fast forward today , europe is facing a dangerous rise of not just islamic terrorism , but also the prolonged islamic migration into europe is now creating new ghettos , and creating ever increasing social divide between european and muslim folk . 
  to say that they are aggressive and bigoted is putting it lightly . 
  and in seeing what they are doing , the violence and `` demonstrations '' they are inciting , i see no reason to believe they do n't want to repeat the albanian situation with the whole of europe . 
  a nation like new zealand has absolutely nothing to gain over increasing its supply of muslim migrants . 
  first generation migrants are never able to fully adapt to their destination countries - if you disagree , just go to talk to most of the chinese here . 
  all muslims bring is poverty ( none of the european migrants are rich or contribute to the economy ) , religious and ethnic division , and at worst persecution . 
  the issue is more of economics . 
  eastern europe is n't exactly renowned for its riches , but countries with a larger population like romania or turkey have more people , meaning a higher chance of said people purchasing apple products . 
  therefore , there is more incentive from apple to translate their os 's into their local counterparts . 
  besides , bulgarian is similar to russian . 
  where is dinko when you need him ? 
  proper good job , mate !, 
  the west is absolutely screwed . 
  a couple of weeks back , i saw a one handed middle eastern man emerge from his shitty early 90 's hatchback , followed by five other women with niqabs infront of the local supermarket . 
  how the hell they all manage to fit , i 've no clue , but this was in new zealand , literally in the middle of fucking nowhere . 
  it catches your eye - i live in a city of roughly 200,000 and there is not a single mosque here , yet the muslim community has exploded and have been increasingly becoming a much more common sight , especially over the past 5 years . 
  the sight of burqa 's , niqab 's , and \u0447\u0430\u043b\u043c\u0438 is very foreign and especially jarring here . 
  proper good alliteration mate !, 
  would n't be surprised at all if the majority of them were bulgarian turks , ones that actually have ties with the arab world . 
  seems really unlikely to me that regular bulgarians would want to go there . 
  bomb evacuations , massive fires , car crashes . 
  welcome to hamilton !,
