   maybe there is hope for a truly bright future where everyone is accepted even in a country like bulgaria, 
  man , what a great guy . 
  ] ( http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3392088/gcse-pupils-taught-nation-s-earliest-inhabitants-africans-britain-english.html ), 
  michael obama is a man , is n't he ? 
  # ** literally a low energy robot **, 
  she 's poor , she 's weak , she 's low energy , and she knows it . 
  [ relevant ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l-lmbafd734 ) , \u043c\u0430\u043b\u043a\u043e \u0441\u043c\u044f\u0445 . 
  #b a s e d, 
  #fuck cnn, 
  we need more self motivated people like you in the world . 
  good luck , and god bless !, 
  globalist shills will be butthurt and petition to repeat the election , just like with brexit . 
  and you know what 's the best thing ? 
  we 'll still keep on ** winning . 
  maybe we ca n't arrest her , but we can sure as hell bring all of her heinous crimes public , shaming her for the rest of her life . 
  it would be a worse fate than prison , since her public reputation would be soo damaged , no one would trust her enough to do anything - no speeches , no books , nothing . 
  look at what trump did with jeb bush - the man 's a bloody idiot . 
  trump made him look like an utter fool and demolished any future political prospects he had . 
  he 's done . 
  if we apply the same thing for hillary , we 'll get rid of one of the last major corrupt powers in washington . 
  #make america great again , one vote at a time, 
  how about this guy ? 
  in light of the housing crisis , what a fucking slap in the face . 
  thanks , you champion !, 
  * bulgaria is one of only two countries to ever have used the title `` tzar '' for its rulers ( the other being russia ofcourse ) . 
  * less commonly known fact - before the slavic branches split off there used to be a single , common slavic language ( old slavic , or commonly known today as old church slavonic ) . 
  the bulgarians are the only slavic people to call the `` old slavic '' language as `` old bulgarian '' . 
  * after the establishment of the third bulgarian state , tzar ferdinand was the first ever head of state in the world to fly by plane for a diplomatic meeting . 
  * in ww2 , we were the only axis allied country that did not send troops to fight the allies ( the russians still think we backstabbed them though ) or exterminate its own jewish population ( 50,000 i believe were saved ) . 
  * the bulgarian orthodox church is the oldest orthodox christian church in the slavic world . 
  cheers , mate . 
  thanks a lot man !, 
  hey , feels good that somebody will be visiting my hometown !, 
  last time i was in the old country all the movies in the cinema were subtitled , however you will find that the majority ( though not all ) of tv shows are dubbed . 
  i 've had no issues with my 2016 duke 200 at ~ 9000kms , though there are things i dislike about it that are unfortunately shared with the 125 and 390 's - the fact that it 's made in india means that the materials feel cheap ( seat , grips and levers especially ) , the throttle is also unusually very sharp and has an on and off feel to it . 
  depending on your location you might get crap stock tyres , which you 'll also need to swap out asap unless you like feeling your riding on icescates . 
  at the end of the day , it 's a ktm . 
  you get a fantastic overall machine in terms of handling and performance , but you sacrifice reliability , have relatively low maintenance intervals , and you also get the overpriced ktm sales tax for parts and service . 
  i 'd imagine that they fixed most of the issues with the older models ( like the materials and throttle ) , but we ca n't know until the 2017 models actually get publically released . 
  brilliant !, 
  the diploma you 're talking about , you mean the level 5/6 diplomas right ? 
  and given that you 're in the industry , do you know if an it bachelor 's from a polytech weighs in less than an bachelor 's from a uni ? 
  what a shit eating cunt . 
   deportation solves nothing , it 's just a lazy `` solution '' that wipes our hands of the problem . 
  is n't that the whole point ? 
  if we happened to be in europe which is in relative proximity to the middle east , i might have agreed with you as they could just come back , but we do n't . 
  we live in one of the most secluded places in the whole world - soo secluded that some maps do n't even cover us . 
  what 's wrong with taking these backward savages and sending them back where they came from ? 
  because they definitely do n't deserve any compassion if they refuse to adapt to their new countries and rid themselves of some of their savagely practices . 
  made me spit my drink from laughter , mate . 
  wan na be italians . 
  i agree . 
  the actual animation ( the one where you hold f ) looks very sloppy imo , and it confuses new players when they see it thinking you 're supposed to melee it . 
  damn , what a shame . 
  seems like [ he 's been doing this since day one ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ullwuhn678 ) . 
  very weird seeing this nowadays . 
  you are out of your mind . 
   cheeto mcfuckbrains, 
  wrong . 
  shillary `` meinshekels '' cunton would have started it . 
  edit : i know most kiwilads are generally progressive and are still quite disappointed that her majesty lost , but downvoting me is n't changing my opinion , nor the opinion of the majority of americans that got mcfuckbrains elected . 
  what 's wrong with the lockwood flag ? 
  i think it looks quite cool . 
   you twat, 
  alright fine you shit cunt . 
  allow me to break it down for you . 
  there are 3,141 counties in the united states . 
  trump won 3,084 of them . 
  clinton won 57 . 
  there are 62 counties in new york state, 
  trump won 46 of them . 
  clinton won 16 . 
  clinton won the popular vote by * supposedly * 3 million votes . 
  in the 5 counties that encompasses nyc , ( bronx , booklyn , manhattan , richmond , queens ) clinton received well over 2 million more votes than trump . 
  ( clinton won only 4 of these counties ; trump won richmond ) . 
  therefore , these 5 counties alone , more than accounted for clinton winning the popular vote off the entire country . 
  these 5 counties comprise 319 square miles . 
  the united states encompasses 3,797,000 square miles . 
  when you have a country that encompasses almost 4 million square miles of territory , it would be ludicrous to suggest that the vote of those who inhabit a mere 319 square miles should dictate the outcome of a national election . 
  large , densely populated democrat cities ( nyc , chicago , la , san francisco , etc ) do n't and should not speak for the rest of the country . 
  if you even had a head between your shoulders , you would know that this is the exact reason the electoral college was set up in the first place . 
  edit : caps , grammar . 
  please read the comment that i wrote for the other gentleman , in which i happily broke it all down for him . 
  i clearly tried to reason with you , but it seems that you 're now going for the old `` character-defamation '' jabs . 
  all good , mate . 
  you 're only fooling yourself at this point . 
  hey , you seem like a more level-headed chap . 
  glad to have a little debate with you . 
  you mentioned that clinton would follow obama 's foreign policy if she were elected , but the problem is is that under obama , the only country that the united states has been aggressive to which also happens to be a nuclear power is russia . 
  the way i see it , putin , and from what i 've been talking with other russians , [ are absolutely glad that there now exists a possibility of american-russian mutual cooperation in areas like security and stability in various areas of the world . 
  ] ( https://i.redd.it/en4w3wehic5y.jpg ) you are indeed correct that clinton would follow obama 's foreign policy , however , specifically for russia , american foreign policy for these past 8 years has been very much so been `` anti-russian '' and trying to put down the '' * aggressive * russian dogs '' . 
  this is evident in multiple ways , like the fact that clinton when she was sosotus she triggered the [ `` russian reset scandal '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russian_reset ) , and when she tried advocated on the campaign trail ( and i think in one of the debates ) a no fly zone over syria which would cause a war [ between the us and russia . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ykk8ibrhx-g ), 
  china is the main wildcard , and i do agree that caution needs to be exercised with them . 
  although the united states has the capability of inflicting major damage to the chinese economy , the same applies vice versa for the americans . 
  at this time i do n't think that there is as large of a threat of nuclear war with china as there is with russia . 
  the fact is , is that she lost under the electoral college , and the reason there is an electoral college is because places with large populations ( esp cities like nyc , la , chicago ) should n't dictate who should be president over states like nebraska or montana . 
  it 's unfair and unjust . 
  i thought you did n't want to talk with a person that browsed / r/the _ donald , but whatever . 
  i 'll try to give you a couple of statistics i can think of .
