that comment , such generalization . 
  civil war would solve their unemployment crisis . 
  but yeah , overall would not be a winning proposition . 
  russia would likely funnel arms to catalunya and it would be a mess all around . 
  emu was only kicked down the road . 
  that one is going to really be a mess when it finally surfaces . 
  the asylum seekers are still in their country of first entrance and have registered . 
  i think he 's talking about the economic migrants who may or may not even be from syria who refuse to follow the law and register and instead choose to move to the countries with the cushier benefits . 
  does that clear things up for you ? 
  losing argument ... pulling out `` r '' word trump card . 
  yep , frog in a pot . 
  a distortion in favor of business , not citizens . 
  they care about business . 
  eu is progressing well to usa2 . 
  if the process is not accelerated , i personally do n't think the eu will survive . 
  monetary union without a fiscal transfer union is dangerous and problems will only compound as we 've seen with the euro . 
  no way in hell that mess is anywhere near over . 
  we are now seeing the crisis that is a result of having a free movement union ( schengen ) without centralized immigration policy . 
  the eu is a half-measure that ca n't continue to weather these shocks in its current form . 
  it 's the equivalent of being halfway out on a tight rope and people on both ends of the rope moving it up and down . 
  maybe . 
  i actually would compare europe more to the era under the articles of confederation which were a colossal failure due to many of the reasons we see in europe today and were replaced 12 years later with the constitution and federalization . 
  you guys lasted longer than we did , but i 'm afraid the eu in its current form might just be over . 
  confederations do n't work unless they are strictly loose . 
  you guys will need to fully federalize or loosen the confederation . 
  the compromise you have now could only ever be temporary and not meant to survive serious shocks . 
  we went through the same thing before , but granted , we had less history keeping us from federalizing . 
  no , the reality of federalization is becoming clear to citizens and they are rejecting it outright . 
  if the eu is going to turn their back on catalunia , then i 'm not too sure they care about pissing them off . 
  i hope you get your own as well . 
  i 'll say this , if the eu is hostile in this manner towards an independent catalunia , they will quickly change their tune if catalunia makes warm gestures towards russia . 
  russia would love another ally on the mediterranean . 
  geopolitics are such that catalunia has options for leverage to gain entrance to the eu if that is what they want . 
  and let 's be honest , it 's just hypocritical for eu countries to deny the catalans the right of self-determination . 
  why should the fall of barcelona centuries ago continue to imprison a people who wish to have their own land and rule themselves ? 
  catalunia is not spanish . 
  we use sap ... what a shit show it is . 
  8,000 employees with one thing in common ... hate for sap . 
  culture has nothing to do with genetics . 
  a large part of behavior is culturally driven . 
  you guys are ridiculous . 
  islam is not a race . 
  it 's a culture/religion with observable facets that are meaningful . 
  eye color is not important . 
  behavior and values are . 
  why ca n't you liberal nut jobs see that ? 
  we 'll start our own mosque , with blackjack and hookers !, 
  he 's spot on . 
  a currency union without fiscal union and transfers is doomed to fail with such disparate economies . 
  a schengen agreement without centralized immigration policy is doomed to fail . 
  the movers had hoped the predictable crises that would emerge from half-hearted integration would spur nations fully towards federalization , but having these crises on top of one another may have the opposite effect . 
  welcome to the new world thinking . 
  here in the us if you criticize open borders and amnesty for 10s of millions of illegal immigrants you are labeled a racist , bigot , jingoist , nationalist . 
  we have immigration laws that are being broken and are unenforced . 
  saying so just brings rebuke . 
  it 's really crazy . 
  post-modernism has jumped the shark harder than anything the world has ever seen . 
  clear this rotting carcass out of here . 
  integration is something incumbent on the integratee , not the integrator . 
  the world does not hold hands . 
  you control your own level of involvement in it . 
  worked for ireland . 
  worked for south america . 
  worked for the usa . 
  will continue to work because violence is the only absolute power in this world . 
  am indeed . 
  just very much against governments who feel that they can trample on the rights of a people to govern themselves . 
  there is the concept of ruling by the consent of the governed . 
  when a people wish to form their own nation , that means the old government does not have that consent any longer . 
  pretty easy stuff . 
  the only people who have problems with it are the ones who feel no concern about coercing people under rule as long as it is in their interests . 
  colonial imperialism might not be around anymore , but i can see the attitude that enabled it is alive and well . 
  onky after years of violence . 
  perhaps that is what it will take . 
  your piece of paper will not subvert the will of the people no matter how hard you swear to it or pray to it . 
  in the end , violence will win . 
  so fuck off , you jilted lover . 
  your significant other does n't love you nor want you anymore . 
  move on before it gets messy . 
  ifyou want to know the percentage truly in favor , then allow for a real referendum and let the matter be settled democratically by those who live in the region in question . 
  sanity ? 
  i would use the word immoral to refer to a group of people who would keep another group captive against their will . 
  but i should not be surprised when spaniards do n't grasp this concept , whose entire modern state was built by imperial land grabs and coercive subjugation of other peoples . 
  no troll bait . 
  i literally despise the madrid government and any other government who holds a population hostage and denies the right of self-determination . 
  was the reconquista illegal ? 
  were you abandoning your moor brothers ? 
  it 's stupid . 
  i despise anyone who thinks that it is acceptable for a state to behave like a jealous husband who will kidnap his wife and i prisoner her when she wants to leave him . 
  spain , you are not loved nor wanted . 
  get over it . 
  ah yes , current powers make up arbitrary rules to ensure no one can come and do what they already did to others , right ? 
  make sure those in power now stay in power and keep their land holdings ? 
  i spit at your arbitrary treaties . 
  well , then let 's give all the ssrs back to the soviet union then . 
  spain belongs to the hapsburgs so better get rid of that parliament . 
  ireland was also a part of the u.k. 
  but they used violence and got what they wanted . 
  i should amend my statement that at the end of the day , violence wins and paper burns . 
  well , if they hold people in them against their will , there are comparisons that can be drawn .
