  try asking there . 
  china is now our `` bad country '' example ? 
  what about morocco ? 
  i like their cheap mediterranean food , and they treat tourists good ( even better if they have money ) . 
   romanians like spain because : language , jobs and our gypsyses are now your gypsyses hihihi !, 
  wait , there is something weird here ...  jobs, 
  it 's been a while i tried human milk , but it 's never too late . 
  hitler because he 's the only european and we 're in / r/europe , not in / r/whowouldwin, 
  / r/relationships is leaking, 
  yes , right-wing also want this so they do n't have to worry about the healthcare system and essential things , and people will be free to do whatever they want with the money . 
  i 've never used a dryer . 
  we have something called sun , you know . 
  this is just a report or something serious ? 
  he is not talking about a conspiracy . 
  just saying that some of the soldiers liked having fun with women . 
  how many fahrenheit are from nyc to the grand canyon ? 
  i think you do n't know what `` literally '' means . 
  jesus is also a muslim prophet . 
  they believe he is not dead , and will come back some day to save all the muslims . 
  some muslims ( ahmadiyyas , in pakistan and india ) even believe that buddha is a prophet . 
  role models , believes and traditions really change from one region to another : when people say `` not all the muslims et cetera '' it does not mean `` please forgive those terrorists and extremists '' . 
  you know what it means . 
  you can use microsoft edge or internet explorer , i think . 
  do you know which party the canis vote for ? 
  does n't matter , the ones who should decide are the ones who live there . 
  100 % agree with you . 
  cervantes once wrote in one of his books : `` who reads much and walks much sees much and knows much '' . 
  reading is never enough to really know something , especially when we talk about human beings . 
  some people live in homogenic societies , so a muslim is a foreigner for them , and they do n't want all their city full of foreigners . 
  they can not understand there 's a place in the world where those people are not foreigners . 
  here in barcelona , everyone shares something : culture , language , etc. 
  some of them know more languages , or they do n't eat pork . 
  but none of them are foreigners : they are from barcelona . 
  if you ask why people want homogenic cities , i 'm sure whatever the answer is nobody in the `` affected '' cities would give a fuck . 
  people started saying i do n't know what about `` them '' imposing sharia law , but everyday i see pakistanis selling beer in the steets , breaking `` their '' law . 
  how are they going to impose burka , if now their own grown up daughters do n't wear it ? 
  ignorance is the real danger for humanity , and it knows no borders , no religions . 
  you nailed it . 
  basic income is also supported by right-wingers . 
  the ones who are against are conservatives . 
  was n't seaworld going to stop those shows ? 
  you can actually see the border from [ space ] ( http://eoimages.gsfc.nasa.gov/images/imagerecords/86000/86725/iss045e027869_lrg.jpg ) . 
  i consider myself a leftist , and i 'm not triggered . 
  i believe in social spending , but some people here think i have a statue of stalin in my room , next to the furry porn and my diploma of being retarded . 
  this is like saying right wingers = nazis . 
  i think this week some of them have come . 
  this is not because russia is doing it wrong , it 's because the us are doing it very good . 
  we have an article in our constitution saying which flags can be used in a football match ? 
  same here, 
  he is a novelty account , i think . 
  i do n't think fascism and catalan independence are comparable . 
   whatever happened to a good old game of monopoly ? 
  i think a monopoly game could destroy more your life than any virus . 
  yes . 
  same reason ? 
  old murican . 
  why are you so catholic ? 
  beautiful country , i loved d. f. homero simpson . 
  your crisis would end if you stopped doing siestas . 
  i think castro and draghi are more known here than hollande . 
  we always have the choice to make another sub , with free speech and ... oh , right . 
   that 's not what i was answering to usually when i read `` answer to '' i think of answering a question , but it looks like you were using the `` reply '' definition . 
  sorry if you felt attacked . 
  what were you answering ? 
  nobody asked you anything . 
  yes , that 's the joke, 
  looks like i 've been doing some shit wrong in my life . 
  i wipe and then use a bidet . 
  if i shit in my leg i do n't clean it just with paper . 
  better kill the free animal . 
  it 's not fair he is the only one enjoying the life , is n't it ? 
  -2 lynx, 
  for me it 's economic reasons . 
  i do n't want all the spaniards to pay with taxes the development of catalonia , nor i want to pay them . 
  this could be solved with a federal system , but then look at [ this map ] ( http://elpais.com/elpais/2015/12/18/media/1450461184_895079.html ) . 
  we have different political views here in catalonia , and because we are a smaller region we will always feel frustrated . 
  and it 's not even a religious thing . 
  i 've seen pakistanis and other muslim girls who do n't wear niqabs , or nothing similar . 
  catalan : dog = bub bub cat = m\u00e8u cow = muuu sheep = beee rooster = quicquiriquic donkey = ih\u00f2 ih\u00f2, 
  it not like it would look any better . 
  if you see a map of the political parties people vote for in spain you 'll see a contrast between catalonia and the rest of the country . 
  we are represented the same way any other region is , of course , but it feels that our ideas never really leave catalonia . 
  federalism was a big thing here some years ago , for example . 
  and nothing has changed . 
  sorry to break the circlejerk here , but the real reason it 's that i do n't feel spanish . 
  this is plain old nationalism . 
  i speak spanish with most of my friends , but this place feels like home to me . 
  i want people to remember me as a catalan , not as a spaniard . 
  i do n't feel like spain is my country , and i want the future of catalonia only in the hands of catalans . 
  this is not about money : federalism would be a better option , do n't you think ? 
  and instability never gives us black numbers . 
  sure , i 'm a special snowflake . 
  but it 's not because spain was feeling nice one day and they gave us candybars and a glass of milk . 
  it 's because we wanted it , and we used democracy to get it . 
  not everyone thinks like me here . 
  but if you look at the parliament you will learn that we are n't a minority either . 
  of course they do n't speak for the people , but if they are a minority what are the people againts independence ? 
  we already have an independentist local goverment in catalonia and the spanish goverment does n't give a fuck . 
  you are overestimating the will of the people . 
  because it 's true .
