  i support a referendum on immigration ( and i 'm all for controlling the borders ) but as i said , democracy is fun . 
  then it 's just the law being inconsistent , because i can speak in catalan with most government workers , but when you have to talk to a police officer i could either talk him in catalan or in persian , because i 'll get a fine anyway . 
  not by me . 
  democracy is fun , huh ? 
  at least they are trying to make something great again , even if they do n't know how to . 
  they went there but came back because they were afraid of the real nazis of voat . 
  if catalonia is n't real how can my eyes see ? 
  i was going to start a political revolution and change spain for good , but that sounds better . 
  i just found [ some website ] ( https://www.idescat.cat/pub/?id=aec&amp;n=358&amp;lang=es ) with the gdp of the comarques , but it 's from 2014 . 
  i hope people do n't get from this headline that we should end these loans and benefits , as they are more beneficial to society than perjudicial . 
  our decisions are n't black and white , we do n't cut our leg when we just wan na shave it . 
  the latest education law was aimed to better these pisa scores , so i would n't be surprised if we 're scoring good even if we have a really bad education . 
  that could also be the case for any of these countries , though . 
  hiss with me , sisters !, 
  to be fair industrial revolution europeans cut down most of the trees . 
  forests [ have been growing ] ( http://cdn1.spiegel.de/images/image-781218-panov9free-usef-781218.gif ) in most of europe . 
  i think you did n't understand me , because i 'm not disagreeing with you . 
  you both are getting it wrong . 
  i can be a teacher and nobody will judge me , while jobs like truck driver , even if the girl wanted to do them , are discouraged by their families , shamed by the society and sometimes by their coworkers . 
  i 'm sure you guys can find a similar example for men . 
  we ca n't treat people like percentages , that 's just stupid . 
   according to the narrative [ ... ] turkey is a free democratic country what are you talking about ? 
  every newspaper that i read considers erdrogan worse than hitler . 
  we can have culture without having belief . 
  most religious people in other countries actually believe most of these things , but i would have a hard time finding anyone here who gives too much importance to religious scriptures and what they say . 
  when i think about nazis they are the baddies , not my ancestors . 
  i know we are aiming for a united europe here , but i do n't feel so european to feel guilty for crimes that happened a century ago in another country . 
  and i do n't think that 's the case for the open borders folks neither . 
  you should meet some real women . 
  the world is not a movie , where girls are just seeking attention , the bully is fat and the divorced guy is the hero who always returns with his ex wife . 
  how do you think mods can use that rule to censor completely valid arguments ? 
  maybe you should give an example . 
  barcelona pakistanis are pretty chill . 
  i believe this has something to do with the gang culture : once you start having them in your city everything goes downhill . 
  i imagine they know their vote wo n't make a difference anyway , so they prefer to `` send a messsage '' . 
  huh , seems fair . 
   catalan left-wing pro-independence erc also abstained , but because they considered the proposal to be insufficient . 
  what they wanted to do , bomb the corpse ? 
  i do n't think that 's a reason good enough the government should intervene in the design of soda cans . 
   thank you . 
   sincerely ,  europe who are you , europe the god , the continent or the ~ ~ planet ~ ~ moon ? 
  news are biased if they call themselves neutral and obviously push an agenda . 
  people ca n't be biased : they choose a `` side '' , they are n't a source of reliable information . 
  we are n't in a modpost . 
  this is a user submitted post . 
  i 'm explaining myself or it 's me not understanding you ? 
  i 'm taking about this subreddit , and nobody is hiding that it 's proeu . 
  we even have the eu flag in there , the fact that it 's named `` europe '' means nothing . 
  it 's not like this is some kind of official website that has to stay neutral . 
  both macron and le pen are getting 100 % of the support in these elections in reddit , and both of them are in varying degrees right wing . 
  really ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  do you think macron is a leftist ? 
  everybody wants to be like germany . 
  yes , this subreddit is a geopolitical power now . 
  macron is leading the polls . 
  yes , / r/europe is pro-eu , who would have thought . 
  i just looked at the prices and the cheapest i found was more than 1.000 euros . 
  i have gotten so used to flying for less than 30 $ that i forgot how expensive international flights are . 
  i do n't think colonialists give a fuck about history . 
  or is map trying to be accurate and i 'm the one who 's missing the joke ? 
  why not ? 
  for what i know muslim andalucia was a lot more advanced than the rest of the peninsula at that time . 
  following that rule contemporary al-andaluces would be progessive homosex loving muslims . 
  nationalism , and fear of writing anything contrary of nationalists . 
  this is what their website said . 
  in any case , hating spain would only make us more spanish . 
   because making sure children of french expats will carry the french culture and language with them in the future is an investment for the entire country , we want to invest in french schools abroad and make them free again . 
  do you believe expats from other countries should be free to express their culture and mantain their values in france , or do you think more along the lines of `` in rome , do as the romans do '' ? 
  the whole peninsula is awesome for touristic purposes . 
  brazilian ? 
  israel is controlled by jews , leaks show . 
  maybe because most of spain 's population is concentrated in cities , so we see that many spikes . 
  or it could be an error , idk . 
  * `` i have come too early '' *, 
  fill de puta , 
  education has nothing to do with this , as educated people can be fanatics too . 
  i think / u/cuen 's explanation for this is better . 
  there is a pretty good oscar-winning documentary about this : `` saving face '' , by sharmeen obaid-chinoy . 
  she has also made some other good documentaries recently . 
  i wonder how these traditions start . 
  hmm ? 
  it 's not just french . 
  it 's bad french in italics . 
  that 's actually true . 
  most of our words are from french , and they teach us in school to write in italics . 
  and as you know , catalonia is still a part of spain , so i 'm literally a spanish guy trying to speak french with an italian accent . 
  the roman empire gave us our language , customs , cities , roads ... 
  i can see our ancient origins perfectly . 
  because you wanted to . 
  cool , now they can also make watches . 
  3.8 % is a lot . 
  united in diversity, 
  terrorists stole syrian land . 
  you are talking about the land they have stolen from other people and forced them to leave , it 's not their home . 
  even most of us are going to germany ... 
  i find logical that some real refugees want to go there too , but this is not a choice they can make . 
  you decide to read my comments , and you are free to filter them . 
  those girls can also make the choice of not participating in this tradition , but it 's not as easy to filter real people . 
  some may listen to them , others not , all i 'm saying is that this is not a choice .
