it was used in ancient spanish , but now it 's only used in mathematics . 
  we are not the only ones who have it . 
   now of course cash can be used to foster corruption , but as of late mossack fonseca proved they can launder money just fine and quite openly with banks too . 
  never thought about that . 
  good answer , thanks . 
  we always have those choices . 
  maybe you ca n't change the past , but you can change the future . 
  is it bad to not trust everybody ? 
  our keyboard has been designed to satisfy all the spaniards , so we have catalan and galician characters too . 
  yes , but it has an explanation : we 're stuck in 2008 . 
  i had to wrote that with bad grammar because i was n't getting enough results . 
  some people see themselves as attack helicopters . 
  i disagree . 
  if i have 1 asshole and the victim is a 10/10 , and we get from 1 to 3 years in prision here ... p.r. 
  = ( 1 * 10/10 ) / ( 1 - 3 ) = -0.5 = ** -50 % ** the math checks out . 
   the sun is constantly irradiating earth what would we do during the nighttime ? 
  and i doubt the radiation would be enough in cloudy days . 
  what do you propose ? 
  who says we do n't ? 
  10/10 good joke mate . 
  very original . 
  drunk rajoy would do the best speeches . 
  * `` i have a dream . 
  a dream of spaniards for spaniards , very spaniards . 
  i always call my mother after reading those threads and thank her for not being retarded . 
  `` swedistan , lol '', 
  our dna sequence is a very simple thing , maybe you can find some long term correlations ( health issues , etc ) but our behavior is a very complex thing that constantly evolves and changes . 
  it can be easier to predict it with your financial transactions than with a drop of blood . 
  i 'm 100 % sure some big company will pay for those genomes , but they wo n't found anything they already do n't have . 
  thanks god we have the eu defending us from those satanic anti-privacy corporations . 
  there are some people who voluntarily give their dna sequence and some data ( like their zip code and gender ) to help advance science . 
  look at the [ personal genome project ] ( http://personalgenomes.org ) . 
  person of the year does n't mean `` the coolest guy on earth '' . 
  hitler was an important person those years , not for a good thing , but he was . 
  oh shit they will clone you !, 
  i also remember some fact that said 1/6th of the asian population is descendent of genghis khan . 
  awesome . 
  do you need a diploma or you already printed one ? 
  / r/outside is overrated . 
  brothers do n't do that . 
  you would n't understand . 
  usually it is * no jobs * . 
  this is actually good news . 
  more complaints means less violence in the dark . 
  in some countries you can only be part of a nation if you have been born there , or you share ethnicity . 
  i was n't born in catalonia , i do n't do the same things as other catalans , and i do n't share an ideology with most of them . 
  but it feels like home . 
  yuropistan much white guilt . 
  downvote because they racist . 
  not as much as the death of the two writers . 
  but yes , the catalan editors were the ones who started calling april 23rd the book day . 
  i 've seen some shit in this sub , boy , you would n't believe ... like the holocaust . 
  why not try to improve the system before ? 
  still not funny . 
  they lost two world wars and they are still an european potency . 
  the same day shakespeare died miguel de cervantes was being buried . 
  it 's no coincidence that today is also the international book day . 
   sikhs are bro-tier not really . 
  honor killing and shit are really common . 
  i think an italian sikh killed her daughter because she was seen with a muslim this last year . 
  i do n't mean all sikhs are bad , but neither we should say they are all cool . 
  yes, 
  islam tells women to not drive cars ? 
  i know muslims were very advanced in maths and astronomy in the middle ages , however i did n't know they had cars . 
  now i understand how they conquered half of africa ... 
  this is european culture and law . 
  and what are legal experts , dolphins ? 
  what things did you learn ? 
  we no longer have the education for citizenship subject . 
  some parents did n't like the `` ideological indoctrination '' , like accepting homosexuals , and the catholic church said it was against the traditional family . 
  the new people 's party subject will teach about our constitution . 
  and pretty much every other big party wants to reform it . 
  i do n't know which of the subjects was more indoctrinator ... 
  some companies spend more ( and consequently have losses ) so they can have bigger benefits . 
  if your dog was capable of talking and we wanted to fuck , you may see it as something weird . 
  the difference is that some people think they are the model of a perfect human being and you should follow them , and other people do n't care what are you doing with the talking dog . 
  why we need arguments if we can have dank memes instead ? 
  why are you telling all of this ? . 
  i did n't told him to shut up because i was against his view , but because he did n't contribute anything and was just telling us that he does n't care . 
  it seems that you care . 
  good . 
  and why should you try to stop other people from giving a fuck ? 
  just shut up if you do n't care . 
  i did n't know mr mekki ali was a marxist . 
  right wingers here in spain are actually pro-eu . 
  with right i mean pro-corporation neoliberals . 
  i do n't even think we have any extreme right-wing party in the parliament . 
  i was going to do a racist joke about the monkeys , but some people in this sub may even upvote it because they think it 's true . 
  let 's deport all of them . 
  all i see is people from poor and uneducated countries . 
  i though it was for solidarity . 
  i think if we gave him a philosophy book he would suffer more . 
  i never said it should be . 
  we educate our kids to talk ( and even criticize ) with respect . 
  it 's a value i want to see in other people . 
  when did he say racism = opposing islam ? 
   slaves nobody is forcing them . 
  we do n't know , this is the problem . 
  probably your phones fault . 
  if you are using an app , it 's probable that there is a support subreddit .
