  if the uk recognizes an independent scotland as a state , spain will do so , and wo n't stop them joining the eu for that reason . 
  dol\u00e7a catalunya is a little bit biased . 
  just saying . 
  i doubt he was trying to be historically correct . 
  the countries where this is true are n't exactly the bastion of gender equality . 
  then you would have dead pigeons everywhere . 
  it 's easier to let them die slowly and naturally , one by one . 
  the gender of newborns it 's completely random or it 's a little bit balanced to girls ? 
  ( for survival reasons or something ) . 
  it could be a federation . 
  bullying does n't take rights from anyone either . 
  maybe it 's not normal , but it 's natural and we ca n't do anything to stop it . 
  we can only let them be happy or not . 
  as i 've always seen the us through popular culture , going there feels like being in the middle of a movie . 
  it 's not like he 's some kind of institution or something . 
  we could try to contact him and make ourselves visible , but i do n't mind it that much . 
  language is weird . 
  when asking for a pasta in a bar , one should expect a plate of spaghetti , but we get a napolitana , and that 's not the sugar coated biscuits you eat every morning , it 's actually `` pain au chocolat '' . 
  it 's not a joke . 
  it 's a napolitana . 
  napolitana . 
  spanish is an official language in the eu , but that does n't mean that french people will be forced to use it . 
  it 's just that when dealing with official procedures , you would be able to use it anywhere . 
  seeing those colors make me patriotic as fuck . 
  it reminds me of when i used to go buy books on saint george 's day , seeing all the streets full of these colors . 
  too bad i got a kindle . 
  what would happen if those amazonian women went to iran ? 
  our imperfections do n't justify the ones from others . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  i never called it catalanoaragonese , nor i 'm defending that naming . 
  if that 's what he 's saying , i agree . 
  reading the comment chain it looked like he was defending that it was aragon who did all those conquests , when it was the crown of aragon ( the sum of aragon , catalonia , valencia ... ) . 
  you are telling me that catalonia was n't part of the crown of aragon ? 
  how did they conquer naples without access to the sea , with a boeing 747 ? 
  and btw , i 'm not the guy you were discussing the silly crown name with . 
  because those cultures are not a majority in the countries they are , while the `` catalan identity '' is a majority in catalonia , and people are able to vote in a autonomic goverment for it . 
  that 's why i was saying it 's not that impressive . 
  it 's just ... normal . 
  you justified that we should n't ask for more because others have less . 
  i 've used a comparation to show how stupid that argument is . 
  it 's not like both were the same thing , huh ? 
  aragon and the crown of aragon are two different things . 
  the capital of that crown have been barcelona , valencia and even naples . 
  princes went to zaragoza to get crowned , but that 's all . 
  it 's a unilateral declaration of independence , you fool !, 
  with the power of maths anything can be done !, 
  were 's your spanish constitution now , huh ? 
  wtf , that 's like saying homosexuals should n't be allowed to marry because in other cultures they are being stoned to death . 
  of course we are n't special snowflakes , we just want it better . 
  even if there are people in the world who have it worse , i sincerely do n't see why would that stop us . 
  some people have a strange obsession for making us look like special snowflakes , when the fact is that if we are in any way more `` special '' than others , it 's because we have voted for it . 
  how is that impressive ? 
  that 's what happens in democracies : majorities have what they want . 
  spain = catalonia spain - catalonia = 0 here we have irrefutable proof that spain without catalonia is nothing . 
  they literally depend on us !, 
  saying valencian and catalan are different languages it 's worse . 
  what i 've understood by his comment is that they were n't forced , just that by not wearing one people would know for sure they were n't prostitutes . 
  in the case of c\u00f3rdoba , we were the invaders : that city was n't anything before the arabs conquered it . 
  stop . 
  if you keep digging in the past we 'll have to return c\u00f3rdoba to the arabs . 
  i do n't think you know what a continent is . 
  canada is european . 
  austria is in europe, 
  maybe he is talking about the civil war period ? 
  or maybe he does n't know how bad the soviet occupation was , idk . 
  same here . 
  rep\u00fablica txeca/checa in catalan and spanish . 
  maybe they are just incompetent , although that 's not any better . 
  we are constantly bragging about how democratic is europe , how fast it 's growing our economy and constantly sucking our own euro dicks . 
  how is this any different ? 
  the whole purpose of this subreddit is bragging . 
  who is censoring you guys from saying islamists ? 
  this is stupid , mods here are pretty good and do n't ban anyone from saying obvious things . 
  why ? 
  this is a karma goldmine . 
  because / r/europe is generally pro-eu . 
  this is why they want scotland to become independent . 
  montenegro independence does n't affect us ? 
  cool . 
  people do n't give a fuck about referendums , the right of self determination or whatever . 
  the spaniards do n't want to change their geography books so they say `` fuck off '' . 
  the europeans here are constantly shouting `` yurop stronk '' after someone posts an article about how democratic and free is our continent , but when someone decides to stop them giving themselves a blowjob and showing them a problem of our democracy they remember the little kids in africa : `` stop complaining !, 
  there are people who have it worse '' . 
  nobody is going to bite you if you mention immigration . 
  / r/europe is generally in favour of controlling immigration , while also being against totalitarianism , nationalism , etc, 
  paris , rome and marseille also exist !, 
  i do n't think there was any fictional place in the story . 
  where do you think france is ? 
  in mars ? 
  1m sq ft would 've made more sense . 
  very bad , op ... 
  i hope you get 1m downvotes !, 
  but if we consider 18 year olds adults that can be responsible for themselves , it 's not very coherent to treat them like children that can not decide what 's best for them . 
  you can read everything drm-free with any ereader , or at least with the ones i know . 
  i have a kindle and i just send myself a mail with the book i want to read and that 's all ( or you can use calibre and read . epub too ) . 
  i ca n't stay awake in cozy places . 
  for reading or studying something i believe this is way better . 
  oh , when i answered that it was because you said destroying freedom of religion it 's fine . 
  if this is your view ( policing actions , not thoughts ) then i agree . 
  the fact that i believe in freedom of thought ( and freedom of being stupid if you want to ) does n't mean that i 'm some kind of open borders guy .
