no one else have a problem with the bit where it says , ` well , the * official * figure is 226,464 ... buuuut there are secretly 500,000 . 
  which we know . 
  do n't ask how we just do . ', 
  for the good of the kingdom, 
  and this is how it starts . 
  i 'm not sure if the comments in this thread are sarcastic or if i should actually be scared . 
  i 'll pretend it 's all okay . 
  that 's the british thing to do . 
  as an englishman and only able to speak a few words in other languages , it makes me shameful that such a huge number of residents in all the other european countries are able to speak many languages . 
  that said , it * is * easier when everyone is able to speak your native language . 
  people might hate us for it , and deem it ignorance . 
  just fyi , no cavalry was sent . 
  it was probably a couple of local bobbies on their rounds - not a wagon full of kevlar and door-rams - just checking in . 
  haha , very true, 
  i was using proxy servers to play the miniclip bmx game like 8 years ago during it class . 
  you think a puny web filter is gon na stop a 13 year old kid ( who 's been using an ipad since they were 3 years old ) from accessing ` sex.com ' , or whatever you typed in when you were 13 years old and curious ? 
  pah . 
  these filters are all smoke and mirrors , under the guise of protecting children . 
  because what better way to emotionally manipulate people than to suggest their children 's souls are in mortal danger ? 
  well , uh , actually , pea soup is n't necessarily fog , it 's more ` smog ' caused by pollutants in the atmosphere - usually soot or sulphur dioxide - and called ` pea soup ' because of it 's yellowish ( sometimes greenish ) tint and just how thick it was , like a soup . 
  my late granddad used to tell me stories of the ` pea soup ' rolling in when he lived in london in the 40 's and 50 's . 
  he said it was * really * bad in the 50 's , until coal fires were banned and then it got better . 
  `` god damn jews , free trainers '', 
  [ cameron aide patrick rock arrested over allegations relating to child porn ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/politics/david-cameron/10674757/cameron-aide-patrick-rock-arrested-over-allegations-relating-to-child-porn.html ), 
  that 's precisely what i mean . 
  better the devil you know . 
  they really do . 
  you hear all this horrible shit about oil prospectors destroying communites , about communities trying to protect their land from pmcs and dying for their land , and you think ` jesus , leave them the fuck alone , ' and someone says , ` we 'll nationalise the resources ! ', 
  and you think , ` well it 's about damn time ! ', 
  but then , as anything , it 's just not that simple . 
  excellent write up , very interesting . 
  thanks for that . 
  i used to think hugo chavez was only doing good things for his country : battling western imperialism , nationalising resources , ending apparently predatory trade agreements , decreasing the wealth gap and decreasing poverty etc. 
  i did n't realise until a few months ago , and reading various articles , that he was * also * doing some terrible stuff , and that many of the figures and statistics that relate to poverty have come from the internal government of venezuela which is known to be corrupt to the core . 
  crime has increased to unbelievable levels where it 's not uncommon to be mugged walking to the shop to buy what little groceries you can afford , and that 's when shops are stocked - basic commodities like toilet paper or baby formula or razors are so scarce that the prices are hiked and only the wealthy can afford them . 
  the realisation that this guy i knew little about - but believed to be a proverbial saint - was nothing but another politician was pretty shit , but i really have no idea what it 's like living in venezuela and i ca n't imagine how horrible it must be to live there and see this shit being done to your country . 
  we got it so good in most of europe . 
  i do n't think any of it should be illegal , but if you 're going to get a full facial tattoo , accept that people are going to react to you differently . 
  yeah i agree , it 's a redundant argument because everyone knows that someone walking into a bank wearing a ski mask is probably there because they 're going to rob it . 
  assuming everyone who wears a niqab is an undercover robber is absurd . 
  you 're welcome . 
  i 'd like to stimulate some intellectual discussion about this topic in britain because it 's something we struggle with . 
  people just do n't want to interact with someone wearing a niqab , plain and simple . 
  hahahahaha , careful , there 's sensitive people around these parts, 
  this is absolutely fine , and i would completely expect to abide by the rules and cultural expectations of * any * country i am visiting or living in . 
  i do not expect to be able to do as i do in my home country , because this is not my home country . 
  identity be damned . 
  mate it 's not just about robbing a bank . 
  it 's not about security . 
  it 's about relating to a human being . 
  when i interact with a human being , i take note of their facial features , their body language ( a huge part of which comes from their facial features moving ) , a smile , a wrinkling of the nose , movement in the eyebrows . 
  every day , i interact with loads of people . 
  the guy on the train whom i politely ask to move his briefcase off the seat so i can sit down . 
  the security guard at the front of tescos to whom i smile and nod , who smiles and nods back . 
  the girl on the gym reception desk to whom i say hello to , ask her how her day is . 
  the guys i see every day in the gym to whom i say hello when i walk into the room . 
  the lady behind the till at the petrol station who i ask about her day and smile and wish her a pleasant evening . 
  to the girl i smile at as i catch her eye when we walk past , to the man who plays his saxophone outside the train station who i smile at and ocassionally give some coins to to thank him for the music . 
  if you replaces any of those people with someone in a niqab , the interaction and the relatability drops down to zero . 
  i treat them the same , but i honestly would rather be served by a machine . 
  there is very little relatability with someone in a niqab . 
  i can barely see their eyes , i ca n't see them smile . 
  i do n't know anything about them . 
  i can not relate to them on any level , and to be frank , this is a very unpleasant interaction . 
  it 's like they do n't * want * me to be able to relate , like relating to them on a human level is against their wishes . 
  it 's about integration . 
  if i go to a country where niqabs are the norm , then , well , i guess i ca n't fucking complain . 
  but in europe , they 're * not * the norm . 
  in fact , they are completely against the norm , and there is no integration with society . 
  we can talk about multiculturalism until the fucking cows come home , but the fact is : if you decide to act differently to everyone else ( i.e. 
  go against integration ) , you ca n't fucking complain about being alienated . 
  i have no desire to befriend anyone wearing a niqab . 
  i have no desire to have a conversation in person with anyone wearing a niqab . 
  i have no desire to interact with someone wearing a niqab in person on any level . 
  and if someone got hired here at my place of work , who wore a niqab , i would feel very uncomfortable interacting with them . 
  none of this is because of the niqab or its religious or cultural significance , it is purely a human standpoint . 
  disclaimer : i fully recognise that the wearing of a niqab is rarely the choice of the woman wearing one , i just did n't want to type this out every time i said the collective ` they ' . 
  edit : i 'd also like to add that i fully support if someone wants to wear a niqab . 
  i do n't think there should be a law against it . 
  if you want to wear a niqab , fine , do as you please . 
  i will choose not to interact with you . 
  live and let live . 
  i am 1 course away from being a ski instructor . 
  i ski for a living . 
  i worship skibrod , god of all winter sports . 
  a ski mask is my religion 's symbol , thus i have to wear one all the time . 
  i also need to carry a shotgun . 
  it 's for religious purposes . 
  i also need to give me all your money . 
  right fucking now . 
  get on the fucking ground . 
  i think we can safely assume : no . 
  none of those things will be banned . 
   personally i think some things should be completely censored . 
  websites that advocate extremist , racist , sexist , homophobic etc. 
  stuff like that should not be easily found on the web and in a perfect world , obviously not at all . 
  the fact is that one man 's extremism is another 's normality . 
  i mean , there are a few that are no-brainers ( websites advocating and planning violence or terrorism , child porn ) but if someone wants to have a racist website , or a sexist website , or a homophobic website , i kinda think they should have that right . 
  so long as they do n't break the law , it 's their right to freedom of speech . 
  that 's what the internet is about , and it 's why the internet can be the most wonderful and the most disgusting thing , but it 's free .
