it is/was the best form of citizen journalism i 've ever seen , so i hope it can be kept going . 
  completely random from-the-ground accounts of local news from random countries you 'd otherwise never even think about . 
  no government-funded editorial or arsy headlines , just a downvote/upvote button to let us build our own newspaper . 
  that 's literally the spirit and the letter of r/europe , and the reason i recommended reddit to a bunch of people, 
  nothing to do with non-europeans , but just due to extreme growth , the community feel here has been fucked up , and i do n't recognize usernames so often any more . 
  the periodic posts that i devoutly came for ( what happened in your country ? ), 
  seem to have tapered off . 
  it 's not that i want to keep / r/europe all for myself , but i do n't think getting added to the default sub list is really a good thing for any high quality community . 
  people stop recognizing each others , the mods inevitably become distant and self-important , boring superficial content gets posted , and so on . 
  he who controls the coffee controls the universe, 
  finland , aka `` the gulf of leningrad '', 
  that 's about as good as we can achieve with the current internet architecture . 
  the only alternative is massive centralization , which sucks, 
  this would exclude voyeuristic pictures of someone that were being passed around porn sites , for example . 
  i 'm glad the ecj made this ruling , but that 's not to say its current implementation is ideal , or will even be ideal any time soon . 
  i 'd ignore the crying coming from google as it is in their every interest to try and avoid this issue , since fixing it costs them a lot of money . 
  that 's not to say that the right to be forgotten is fundamentally flawed , just that some companies have been exploiting its absense to save on resources . 
  maybe what we need are some test cases , where sites that are being ` suppressed ' take the search engine , or some other relevant party to court , on a case-by-case basis . 
  perhaps the ecj 's ruling could be fine-tuned that way . 
  link ? 
  i thought there was some regulation introduced when bt tried to do this with phorm, 
  google analytics is used by [  63 % of the top 100k web sites , and just under 40 % of a sampling of 535 million pages ] ( http://smerity.com/cs205_ga/ ) , which means they get either referrer information or direct access logs for somewhere close to 80 % of all web traffic ( including reddit ) . 
  a regular user literally can not browse the web [ or send an email ] ( http://mako.cc/copyrighteous/google-has-most-of-my-email-because-it-has-all-of-yours ) without logs being generated at google . 
  the internet was never supposed to this centralized . 
  the situation is fucked and nobody seems to care, 
  this requires background info . 
  wtf did i just watch, 
  not to mention something like a mandatory 1.6 % + 30 cents tax on all transactions that flows directly into corporate pockets . 
  the idea is a particularly terrible burden on small businesses, 
  i love these montages . 
  there 's a bunch more floating around . 
  everyone link the ones you know ? 
  fixed , 
  women sharing with long term women friends seems to be common everywhere ? 
  last i shared a bed with a chick i was n't having sex with was age ~ 21 , but that was only because i was trying and failing to have sex with her last i shared a bed with a dude . . probably 8 years old staying at a cousins, 
  super useful , thanks !, 
  [ only spd chairman otto wels spoke against the act , declaring that the proposed bill could not `` destroy ideas which are eternal and indestructible . 
  '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/enabling_act_of_1933 )  he stated :   `` at this historic hour , we german social democrats pledge ourselves to the principles of humanity and justice , of freedom and socialism . 
  no enabling law can give you the power to destroy ideas which are eternal and indestructible ... from this new persecution too german social democracy can draw new strength . 
  we send greetings to the persecuted and oppressed . 
  we greet our friends in the reich . 
  their steadfastness and loyalty deserve admiration . 
  the courage with which they maintain their convictions and their unbroken confidence guarantee a brighter future . '', 
  [ noakes and pridham , 1974 ] . 
   speaking directly to hitler , wels proclaimed ,   `` you can take our lives and our freedom , but you can not take our honour . 
  we are defenseless but not honourless . '', 
  more angles : http://www.mobypicture.com/user/royoooo/view/18349869 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8_ntliuk6hk, 
  i bet we 'd get another 100,000 very high quality new subscribers within an hour edit : sure sign this sub is going to shit , my top voted comment here is a complaint :( will i get more upvotes now that i 've complained about complaining ? 
  it 's almost as if the country list was selected by an american, 
  it 's a cash limit, 
  the old bbc web site ;( so dry , so businesslike . 
  rip < 3, 
   tony stark more like antonio staszko, 
  riga has a population of 701k , accounting for 35 % of latvia 's 1.9 m population . 
  that rises to 1m for the riga metro area, 
  i want to have sex on top of this mountain, 
  the bible has equivalent verses , hell , many books older than about 150 year do . . take your shit outside please, 
  helsinki and tallinn both have fast airports , e.g. 
  you can be in tallinn city centre in about 20 minutes from the plane . 
  my personal best at gatwick was 11m30s from sitting on the plane to having my baggage and a pint at a private table in the wetherspoons in gatwick . 
  it 's not always like that , but it 's often not far off . 
  if gatwick won the extension it 'd turn into as busy and unbearable an airport as heathrow . . that 'd leave lcy as the only pleasant airport left , and nobody flies from there, 
  after the mobile roaming charges about-turn , i have little faith in the eu 's ability to deliver on this kind of thing . 
  not to say it never does ( because it does !, 
  ) , just that the cushy pr should n't be rewarded until after real legislation is passed . 
  it goes without mentioning the good pr is further diluted by the eu 's ongoing secret ttip negotiations , which would allow us companies to mount legal battles that could potentially reverse legislation like this even if it did pass . 
  please no more formalization . . 
  i think that 's what killed the thread to begin with, 
  some of the greatest value for me was the funny stories about ultra-local politicians , the kind of thing you 'd never see unless you read the local newspaper for wherever that happened to be . 
  even for the big ticket items , the personal style reflected in the writeups was often great , usually laced with some aspect of the source country ' stereotypical demeanour . 
  i guess it 's not for everyone , but certainly i recommended a bunch of people to reddit solely based on the strength of this thread . 
  in any case it was definitely a welcome and very personalized break from the big ticket `` pro/anti russia , pro/anti eu '' kind of bipolarism this sub tends toward these days . 
  guess we could poll the moderators to turn off the automatic posting , and just go back to having random redditors start the thread . 
  ( the side benefit of this is that if duplicate threads are posted , now there is double the chance one of them will get popular ), 
  hey , i might be wrong , but i have n't seen this post in my regular reddit home page listing for many months , i suspect , since it became a stickied post . 
  it also does n't get anywhere nearly as many upvotes as it used to . 
  anyone know if stickied posts are still included in the home page list ? 
  really lame this thread is kinda dying , used to be the best part of / r/europe . 
  definitely not hdr, 
  why is this being downvoted so hard ? 
  i 'd expect if this list had any relevance to being ` environmentally friendly ' it would not include a single industrialized country . 
  this seems like feel-good bullshit put out by a us university probably funded by us government grants, 
  thought this was pretty tame up until the point where he decided to free stand on top of the bloody thing in that wind . 
  nearly pissed myself, 
  i could be wrong , but i imagine in an effected area with a population of at least 21 million people they 've probably already thought of that, 
  every year a few people get hurt or die from falling ice . . http://www.icenews.is/2011/01/18/possible-charges-after-falling-ice-death/, 
  enterterrifying . . terrortaining ? 
  futures are actually really cool instruments and their origin with manufacturers is quite easy to understand : buyers are afraid the price of a commodity ( apples ) might increase , while sellers are worried it may fall . 
  if the buyer is baking apple pies and sets their pricing 1 year in advance ( because it takes that long to adjust their cooking recipes , or to find someone to sell pies to at a set price , or whatever else ) , they could well see their profits crushed or be put entirely out of business if the price of apples for a single season increases even slightly . 
  on the other hand the orchard is worried that it might be a particularly excellent apple season , and so plenty of other orchards have the same wares to sell . 
  they 'd prefer to sell their goods at some known price rather than risk selling at the future market price and incurring a potentially loss ( say , because trade restrictions are unexpectedly relaxed with outer eastern elbonia and the market is flooded with super cheap apples ) . 
  so both sides sit around a table and agree a reasonable price and future date of sale , hammer out a contract and sign it . 
  tada , this is all a commodities futures contract is . 
  the madness begins when prospectors come along and enter into these contracts , in the hope that when the agreed date comes around , they can go to the open market and buy or sell their apples at a price wildly different to that on the contract . 
  actually in the usual case all that is traded is the contract itself : the prospector need never take or arrange delivery for apples since the market is so big there will always be someone else to sell the right to buy/sell on to . 
  if the prospector thinks the future price of apples will drop , he enters a contract to sell apples in the future ( since he believes he can buy them cheaper then ) , otherwise he agrees to buy them ( since he believes he can sell them on the open market for more ) . 
  it 's easy to see how an orchard owner , already familiar with the industry and with the financial instrument could succumb to futures gambling , and possibly be good enough at it to make a huge profit, 
   the decommissioning plan involves letting it stand a hundred years after shutdown until everything has reached ambient levels is this a problem unique to fusion ? 
  i imagine that 's possible due to the sheer quantity of hard-to-dispose metal used in construction of the containment vessel, 
  this exact story has been published repeatedly for something like the past 10 years , and it always gets pushed out .
