  everyone seems to be a dictator until they leave their office . 
  please do n't stoop to their levels by accusing them of being bots . 
  putin has charisma , i do n't advocate for letting personal squabbles get in the way of politics but i do think he 's well within his rights to object to the expansion of western influence around his country . 
  take out the dictatorship part and you can apply that to your own country !, 
  russia became involved in your domestic situation because your government had shown that it clearly had little to no control over much of the country . 
  you should also remember , the west does n't care about ukraine . 
  russia was willing to support you economically and your rebels spit that back in their face and for what ? 
  a chance at joining the eu in 20 years ? 
  well that chance is getting slimmer and slimmer . 
  is that really your best argument ? 
  i 'm not arrogant enough to say `` if he disagrees with me then someone must be paying him to '' . 
  this is also a sign that you 're ignoring the fact that someone may have different views from you because you believe that someone needs to be paid to have a controversial view . 
  you do n't have to like someone to respect them or their motives . 
  i 'll also point out that the ones who turned your country in to a war zone were the rebels who overthrew a democratically elected government . 
  can you really not see how immature you 're being for trying to compare putin to hitler and resorting to petty name-calling ? 
  of course this guy posts these pics . 
  op is renowned for ignoring anything that he does n't agree with on the ukraine issues . 
  he is blatantly biased against russia and makes no effort to understand opposing views . 
  about the actual post , why do people say putin did this ? 
  would you also say the same about obama being blamed for the hundreds of thousands of deaths in syria , many of which were certainly at the hands of the rebels backed by the usa ? 
  edit : it seems that many of you promote single-mindedness and ignorance . 
  uk should be equal with the usa but the ussr should always be far ahead . 
  i do n't think he 'll even be aware of the fact that both turkey and greece mutually exchanged each other 's ethnic populations ( greeks in turkey move to greece and vice versa ) so there are not even people that the greeks can claim are their own any more . 
  i know that the greeks are likely to be biased in discussions about turkey but i did agree with one of his points ( turkish culture is not european ) . 
   greek i 'm sure we can trust you to be unbiased . 
  though you are right , turks are not european . 
  they only have the remains of the last roman capital , nothing more . 
  *** surprise federalisation !, 
  first attempt . 
  that 's what i get for playing victoria 2 so much . 
  claiming that russia will annex any majority-russian area is either paranoia , stupidity , bias or all three . 
  ukraine 's economy was being help up by russia and the rebels chewed up and spat the deal in russia 's face . 
  because this sub is a biased shithole who sides with an illegal government . 
  oh shut the fuck up , this sub is so blatantly biased against russia . 
  i have to agree with the help yourself before others picture . 
  you motherfucker . 
  you 'll regret the day you say ireland is more famous for whisky . 
  but we rely on england !, 
  i f we could join our oil with norway could we join ? 
  we stab those who make fun of the kilt with the knife in our sock . 
  you just made an enemy for life !, 
  hey guise can i bro too ? 
  no glorious north for me ? 
  what i mean is that maybe it would be better to save up for longer for a good holiday where he wants to go over and alright holiday when he 'd rather be somewhere else . 
  you mow you do n't * have * to travel in the first place . 
  what 's the point in going somewhere and spending a load of money when you 'd much rather be somewhere else ? 
  i only drink gluten free orange squash that was organically grown . 
  sorry if i 'm wrong but monaco is kind of a home for the extremely rich so i do n't imagine they pay too much attention to low income citizens . 
   much as i love sheep ( not in that way !!!, 
  ) , liar . 
   eating the flowers !, 
  no worry comrade . 
  we no have flower in siberia , only cold hard russian potato and turnip . 
  why is the federal district dick shaped ? 
  funny that germany is still most favourable after greece 's shit . 
  lol come and get them . 
   england for fuck 's sake . 
  there is a referendum on whether or not greece pays its debts and i 'm asking if my first comment is correct in saying what would happen with a yes or no vote . 
  no i 'm asking if the referendum lists the following options with the events listed . 
  how can people be so entitled in this thread ? 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  being realistic and not supporting an entitled government is propaganda does it ? 
  so would i be correct in saying that keeping the euro is a `` yes '' and leaving is a `` no '' ? 
  is it really a problem that such a relatively useless degree give you a lower chance at good pay ? 
  it 's not like an assistant curator is a highly demanded job . 
  yeah but look at what the unionist campaign in scotland did . 
  the were both a status quo and a `` no '' campaign yet won . 
  if their pirate party is anything like ours , it is based on idealistic nonsense . 
  shameful . 
  well they 're only 2 countries apart right ? 
  a tough fight , sure , that 's how war is today anyway . 
  but russia is more than a match for turkey . 
   meanwhile , russians wo n't directly confront a country that can stand up for itself if by `` stand up for yourself '' you mean `` be a part of nato '' then you would be correct . 
  they 'll take it out on whoever turkey is funding and support whoever those people are fighting ( i.e. 
  ramp up the action on rebels and isis and arm the kurds where they can without pissing off syria ) . 
  because they know their own strategic value . 
  russia will do as much proxy stuff as possible . 
  arming kurds , wiping out the rebels that turkey supports ( turkmen and isis ) . 
  hell i would n't be surprised if russia sends in a substantial amount of troops now ( as in multiple tens of thousands , not 2000 ) . 
  all of these comments and every single one of the top ones are trying to rationalise turkey 's actions just because it 's russia . 
  https://twitter.com/drjillstein/status/715230945679380481 http://www.patheos.com/blogs/progressivesecularhumanist/2016/07/jill-stein-promotes-homeopathy-panders-on-vaccines/ and the others can be found in the green party 's tragic manifesto . 
  jill stein believes that nuclear power plants are wmds waiting to explode . 
  she also thinks that nuclear is a bigger polluter than coal ( nuclear is among the lowest in terms of carbon emissions ) . 
  she 's also previously expressed support for anti-vaccine movements and homeopathic ` medicine ' . 
  she 's also unquestionably against genetically modified crops . 
  if you can tell me she is n't anti-science with a straight face then i have a bridge to sell you . 
  edit : because i 'm being downvoted , sources : https://twitter.com/drjillstein/status/715230945679380481 http://www.patheos.com/blogs/progressivesecularhumanist/2016/07/jill-stein-promotes-homeopathy-panders-on-vaccines/ and the others can be found in the green party 's tragic manifesto . 
  and do n't forget the trump supporter 's go to argument for war : `` but hillary voted for the iraq war ! '', 
  as if it was her sole vote that caused it and not the almost total support throughout the government . 
  well gary johnson is inept ( what is aleppo ? ), 
  and jill stein has zero economic sense about her and is also anti-science . 
  find me the quote , i know about the no fly zone but there 's no way she has pledged war with russia . 
  please find me a quote or her saying that she will formally declare war on russia . 
  ah i forgot donald `` seize foreign oil fields '' trump was a pacifist . 
  please tell me about donald `` why ca n't we use nukes '' trump 's peaceful ways . 
   so yea it 's much harder to make over 100,000 a year in europe than it is the usa you sure about that ? 
  in prague , sure but not in places like northern europe . 
  well tough shit , he should stop being such a pussy . 
   cgp grey has the major problem of not being very politically conscious ,  and i mean that in the marxist sense of the word i 'm fairly sure marxism and being politically conscious do n't mix . 
  because those millions are spread out among 6.7 billion other people .
