   it could be argued that the rushed decolonisation of india in 1947 , you mean while the usa was twisting our arms ? 
   and the reckless way it was quickly split between india and pakistan , the partition was the result of a breakdown in negotiations between muslim and hindu leaders for a single state . 
  top blame it on the british is just moronic . 
  churchill was a hero , whatever bad he did is not even close to what hitler did . 
  so you blame the famine in an overpopulated , famine prone region on one man who was leading the country that was in charge of protecting this region ? 
  and what exactly is wrong with that second one ? 
  they fought against vichy france which was run as a fascist state and it was better that the ships were sunk rather than in the hands of the nazis . 
  i think that the guilt that the left often tries to heap on to european nations because of their past empires is ridiculous . 
  yes , we should acknowledge that bad things were done under the empires and express regret that they ever happened but why should people who had nothing to do with it feel guilt ? 
  atrocities were indeed committed under all empires but i personally believe that they were overall positive in their impact on the world due to bringing writing , infrastructure and technology all over the world . 
   oh , do n't forget he did n't just cause the deaths on indians this shit again . 
  the bengal region was overpopulated and prone to famine already . 
  the biggest conflict ever was also raging and the united kingdom needed the supplies as they were under siege and they were also the ones protecting india in the war . 
   he deployed soldiers and tanks in glasgow so large scale riots and battles with the police should be ignored ? 
  communism also could not be allowed to gain a foothold , especially given what had just been witnessed in russia . 
  as for dublin , the u.k. was involved in the largest war ever seen up to that point in time and did not have the time nor patience to piss about with backstabbing , opportunistic rebels . 
  the parts of dublin that were shelled were rebel held , it was hardly indiscriminate shelling . 
  that 's not even touching on the fact that ireland was about to get home rule when the war started but for obvious reasons , it was postponed . 
  this is exactly the type of bullshit i knew would be spread in this thread . 
  churchill was a hero but people are desperate to drag his name through the mud for nothing more than the ridiculous notion that we should apologise for our empire . 
  how ? 
  i do n't like seeing people act like europe is unique in having cunty rulers simply because we were the dominant region of the world . 
  i never even mentioned race . 
  he said ancient , yank , 240 years is n't ancient . 
  edit : and how was he a scumbag ? 
  taxing people to pay for a war fought on their behalf is not scummy . 
  caeser helped bring true civilisation to europe, 
  how does being a prominent officer in the military with regards to planning make him a scumbag ? 
  he was planning invasions and such , i highly doubt he had anything to do with the ss and gestapo and their rounding up of undesirables . 
  joseph stalin : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/joseph_stalin?wprov=sfla1 vladimir lenin : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vladimir_lenin?wprov=sfla1 i 'll add mine before the thread is filled with self hating `` but le imperialism '' bullshit . 
  there 's no such thing, 
  yup , i do n't get all this horseshit stigmatising the focus on european history , it objectively is the most important history of the last 1000 years . 
  the influence of europe has touched every corner of the earth but today we get told off for talking about great architecture and not including earth mounds on the great plains or a few small towns in sub saharan africa . 
  rome brought civilisation to much of the west . 
  i assumed that the value listed was 10 % not the full revenue . 
  yes i aware but as someone pointed out , their total revenue was the value mentioned in the comment , not 10 % of it . 
  most commercial internet traffic would be fucked . 
  the ratio of area from a circle to a square with side length of the same diameter is about 78.5 % . 
  let 's assume the coins are perfectly flat and there 's no air between coins on top of each other . 
  i think to get the correct value you just need to multiply the final truck value by 1/0 .785 . 
  which gives almost exactly 93 trucks . 
  edit : i just realised that this is with the coins being in uniform rows and columns and that the coins are n't staggered to increase packing density to around 90 % ( as someone else mentioned ) so the truck value for this one would be 81.1 so 81 if you stick the 0.1 truck loads in a guys drivers seat . 
  wait alphabet is almost a trillion dollar revenue company ? 
  aberdeen is not controlled by the snp and labour have made gains in edinburgh . 
  you hit the nail on the head about ` scotland does n't get a say ! ', 
  argument . 
  the uk votes as a whole , all people 's votes are equal ( scotland actually has a bit more mps per capita ) yet these people want the scottish vote to be equal to the english vote . 
  lol not with our post-independence deficit . 
  the wind would blow west though, 
  it 's not a fraction and nobody is arguing that it will get destroyed . 
  an increase by a couple of degrees will be catastrophic due to sea level increase and a huge increase in extreme weather . 
  you 'd think an australian would know this seeing as a small increase sea temperature ( and thus acidity ) has all but killed your great barrier reef . 
  and what if subreddits like t_d just decide to harass everyone who reports actual rule breaking stuff on their sub ? 
  82.4 % of finland 's population is urban , very little area to cover . 
  yeah , it is . 
  marxism is extreme left wing . 
  what does this prove ? 
  their song was shit , their performer was arrogant and they were milking the sob story angle . 
  oh bull fucking shit , more sob stories . 
  \\  implying it 's not, 
  says the greek lol pay denbts, 
  i thought the votes from public were n't released like usual ? 
  but he has health problems too !, 
  you just do n't understand maaaaaan, 
  people who do n't want dipshits from t_d pretending to be french on a european sub . 
  bloody french and all their breaks, 
  probably because a referendum would completely undermine the uk 's negotiating position and likely fuck over both parties . 
  and do n't say ` but she called a general election ' because that 'll be done in less than 2 months . 
  the referendum would be in 2019 . 
  the french royal family were massacred like cattle , the way that the french abolished monarchy was at least interesting and versaille is fully open to the public . 
  if the british monarchy were abolished do you think the property of the royal family would also be seized ? 
  if so that 's a shitty way to start a new republic . 
   that in republics are owned by the state . 
  is that so ? 
  are these supposed republics going to be built of the theft of property ? 
  abolishing the monarchy will do nothing to gain the government any money as the property does not simply revert to the state , it remains the property of the royal family and the proceedings from these properties goes to the royal family . 
  * and from poland we have jakub , his weapon of choice is a broken vodka bottle *, 
  well i assumed you 'd be irish because of your username and this is a european subreddit but seems you 're just one of the usual yank republican trolls . 
  it would lose its charm then . 
  part of the appeal is that the queens guard are real soldiers guarding the real queen . 
  why do you keep bringing that up ? 
  wait so are royals the only ones who inherit ? 
  there are plenty of people who inherit power and wealth that are n't royal ( see the head of the walmart family ) . 
  because the royal family tends to marry other royal european families . 
  how is that oppression ? 
  i 'll apply the same logic to you , how come you 've never had a black president or prime minister ? 
  definitely not our monarch , she brings in well over # 100 million a year and that 's an undeniable fact . 
  is this thread going to be invaded by republicans too ? 
  you can say fuck, 
  you, 
  `` we did n't do it , it was the people who took over the country until ataturk got rid of them ! '', 
  `` we ca n't admit to doing it or admit that it happened , we 'd have to pay for it and it would look bad '', 
  so basically what you 're saying is that your country is too greedy and cowardly to admit to the wrongdoing of people that you claim were n't even representitive of the turkish nation . 
  they would have been exiled regardless , that tends to happen when there 's a revolution . 
  why does turkey not take responsibility for the genocide if the orchestrators were n't the legitimate the leaders ? 
  tell me how he 's wrong then . 
  the election will be done in less than 2 months , sturgeon wanted a referendum in 2019 iirc . 
  why is that ? 
  genuinely curious, 
  oh i know poland was fucked up by the soviets/communism , when i was talking about net losses and gains i was only speaking of the territories lost and gained .
