  advertising to all of them would be pointless compared to advertising in a few swing states . 
   people do n't need to be reminded to vote or not yes they do . 
  countries should n't be content with the majority of their population not voting . 
   the soon to be independent nation of greenland what 's the point of them getting independence ? 
  the only people that support trump in europe tend to be the dumbass right wing nationalists who believe it 's a war zone here . 
  just because left in america is right of most of europe does n't mean they ca n't realise clinton would be better than trump . 
   mountainjew you sure you 're not swiss ? 
  has n't there been less than 10 incidents of the exploding battery ? 
  it just seems disingenuous to treat samsung like shit for an honest mistake that could happen to any manufacturer , especially with how they are handling it . 
  and has less features . 
  that sounds sad to be honest . 
  to see what their reasoning is since their main theory got destroyed and they never admit that they 're wrong . 
  in / r/uncensorednews one of the mods is throwing a shit-fit and labelled the thread ( only 56 comments ) as brigaded because people are n't agreeing with him . 
  banning plenty of people left and right for ` disruption ' too . 
  one of the mods called everyone else ignorant for not being right wing enough , i pointed out that he was ignoring the fact that the shooter was n't an islamic extremist , he just says it does n't matter since he 's a shitskin then bans me for saying him and other mods are racist . 
  the lack of self-awareness is astounding . 
  i archived the comment for you too http://archive.is/o5djs, 
  1 point on / r/uncensorednews , how did i guess that would happen ? 
  there 's a difference between acknowledging these attacks and what we are seeing from trump supporters/the far right . 
  so much of these pricks are basically patting themselves on the back and basically happy that an attack happened in sweden just so they can say `` i told you sweden is a mess '' . 
  do n't you think that the white nationalists will increase in number alongside the increasing muslim population ? 
  no you missed the point entirely yet again . 
  the amount of people killed in these truck attacks is still small enough and so widespread that the guy is far more likely to be killed by something else in australia than he is to be killed by a truck attack . 
  the eu commission . 
  no , they wo n't , scotland has been told otherwise that there is no way they remain in the eu . 
  should i have added a / s ? 
   getting angry are we ? 
  i am not the one slinging childish insults . 
   just accept when you 're talking shite and leave it be . 
  ca n't be a unionist , nope , i have to be wrong if i 'm a unionist . 
   `` treated better '' utter cringe of a comment to make . 
  tell me , do we have more devolved powers than any other country within the uk ? 
   no doubt you 're a proud scot but ... can i not be that while also viewing nationalism as a farce and detrimental to scotland ? 
   you do understand that article does n't back up your point ? 
  my point was that we would have to reapply , this article shows that everything points towards this being true . 
   you 're laughable naive if you think it 's as simple as `` everyone gets a vote '' you 're right , we also receive the same rights as other uk citizens but you know what we have differently ? 
  a devolved fucking parliament , one more devolved than wales ' or ni 's , i guess you could actually argue we are treated better . 
   it should ultimately be decided by english voters based on population size . 
  and how would it be fair otherwise ? 
  being in a union does n't mean that 90 % of the population should receive less of a say simply because they live under one part of that union . 
  it 's embarrassing that you think we should receive preferential treatment despite having less than a tenth of the population . 
   scotland and ni voting to remain is n't an opinion , it 's a fact . 
  did i state otherwise ? 
   you have no idea if we would have to re apply or not . 
  nobody does . 
  because ( greater ) london has nearly 3 million more people in it than scotland . 
   family of nations , equal partnership and in this referendum , all of our citizens received a vote each , their vote was no more nor less valuable than the vote of any other british citizen . 
  do you want an equal partnership where our people get a fair say in running the country or do you want it to be ` equal ' with scotland getting as much say as england despite having a tenth of the population ? 
  because we are leaving regardless of nationalist 's opinions . 
  we have to reapply and we will most likely have to change our spending habits to gain re-entry as they are hardly sustainable . 
   jock is derogative word you know only to those seeking to be offended . 
  not really though , i only hear this from people trying to think that the eu desperately wants scotland in to spite the uk . 
   as opposed to a smooth transition and staying in the eu there is no chance that scotland can remain in the eu , it will leave . 
  a referendum for scottish independence would jeopardise the uk 's brexit negotiating position . 
  it would be in her best interests to make this clear while doing everything she can to make it clear that a referendum is not ruled out . 
  but a generation is only 4 years !, 
  the reason they have blocked it is because a referendum during the brexit negotiations will fuck over the uk 's negotiating position . 
  a fifth of israel is not jewish, 
   just because i have opposing opinions does n't mean i dont have the right to voice it . 
  yes , you can voice those opinions but that 's just what they are , shitty shitty opinions . 
  and i 'm not sure you understand that i was being sarcastic when i agreed with you but good to know you actually hold such vile views on racism . 
  all accusations is racism are actually the victim trying to get away with something , i think i understand you now . 
  this thread is depressing as fuck , people such as yourself actually get to vote . 
  i know that , that 's why i said ' a bit ' , a years wages for every person and reselling black market goods with that money is n't exactly virtuous . 
  shit happens ? 
  oh guys , it 's fine , sometimes genocide just happens . 
  no need to worry , we ca n't do anything to stop it . 
  550 gold ? 
  you must run a real shit hole , usually at least 1000 gold for me , 3000-4000 if i 'm leading a prosperous empire . 
  then stop siding with the cunts . 
   who do n't buy the narrative the mods and many people here could not give a shit if they ` buy the narrative ' . 
  there is no narrative to be bought , what these people are denying is fact . 
  what these people deny is one of the most horrific events in history , we should forever be working to ensure that the thoughts leading to these events can not be harboured . 
   would this convince you that the holocaust happened ? 
  holocaust deniers already go through astounding mental gymnastics to avoid reading the oceans of evidence supporting the existence of the holocaust . 
  i hate to say it but most holocaust deniers might as well be a lost cause . 
  because it 's an indisputable fact , allowing the denial of it gives too much leeway to idiots and can lead to the same thoughts happening again . 
  the further we move from a historical catastrophe , the more likely people are to repeat it . 
  sadly we see a resurgence of nazism today with the rise of right wing populism so it 's more important now than ever to keep such dangerous ideas in check . 
  holocaust deniers tend to be among the worst people though . 
  where did he say `` free pass for da joos '' ? 
  antisemitism is banned just as racism is banned you goof . 
  hey he did n't mention that the borders were constantly moving , the soldiers were just occupying the new land that germany gained ^ ^ ^ \\ s, 
  the issue is that the dispute over scale is simply to give a more ` reasonable ' version of their actual argument before they go in to full on denial . 
   really stimulated my neural network stop lying , we all know holocaust deniers do n't have have enough brain cells to constitute a network . 
   my great-granddad on my mother 's side was a fisherman who helped danish jews cross the sound to sweden . 
  what a great man ...  he would charge a year 's wages for each ferry ride , and when in sweden he would buy rationed goods and sell them in denmark . 
  i get there was risk but your great-grandfather was a bit of a dick, 
  they do , it 's the official shorthand name, 
  wilfully ignorant would be a better label . 
  english cheese used to be fantastic . 
  in ww2 basically all cheese production went towards one type and most of our traditional cheeses were lost . 
  it 's bouncing back now though . 
  vermont is very rural , very small in population and is n't exactly the kind of place that gets much money going through it let alone crime . 
  so i 'm supposedly pretending to be stupid because i read your comment before your other one where you claim you really meant something else ? 
  you know what this would be akin to ? 
  me : europe is way hotter than the usa !, 
  someone else : no , it literally is n't . 
  me : do n't be an idiot !, 
  i really meant to say that europe is hotter than some parts of the usa !,
