  actually being stupid should n't be your go to move for winning an argument . 
  reading your comment as it was posted is not a misinterpretation . 
  mandatory training/military service and high restrictions on ammo tend to end with people who know how to use guns and not treat them like toys . 
   you should know what i mean it 's not my job to try to interpret made up meanings in your comment . 
  it 's up to you to show what you really mean . 
   the biggest country in europe , belarus it would n't be a true american comment in this sub if they did n't fuck up the geography , is ukraine asian too now ? 
  * gun violence is just a symptom , relaxed gun laws do n't affect murder rates !, 
  we would never be allowed to join due to spain and economic entry restrictions . 
  reddit is pro-romanticism to the point of being extremely naive . 
  you are correct , the oil economy was the best , most obvious example of ` we told you so ' the nationalists could have received . 
  as a result , pro-independence sentiment in scotland has actually gone down but the people of reddit still have a hard time comprehending the fact that we , as a country , prefer practicality over freedom for freedom 's sake . 
  no it is n't , independence support is actually at a low point and with good reason . 
  have you seen what the oil crisis has done to the north ? 
  that would never happen . 
  spain does n't want catalonia getting ideas and has publicly expressed its intent to veto anything scotland tries to do with regards to joining the eu . 
  i did lurk for a while . 
  i did n't like it because i would constantly be attacked for merely suggesting things like the idea that rommel was a good general or that von lettow vorbeck was unparalleled in guerilla warfare ( yes , even though it was ww1 and he later went on to tell hitler to go fuck himself ) . 
  they tend to freak out at anything that is n't outright criticism of germany/nazis . 
  that sounds bad but even suggesting something like ` rommel was a good general ' will get you dogpiled on . 
  i 've also seen them freak out because someone said germany was n't the clear cut bad guy in ww1 . 
  i think there were also a lot of tankies on there who dismissed any mention of soviet atrocities but i 'm pretty sure that got changed . 
  i remember in budapest me and my friend decided we 'd just make food one night instead of eating out . 
  we got some '' ` edam '' ' from a supermarket , used only a bit of it and it was awful . 
  the cheese was so rubbery we used it as a ball to throw around and it would even bounce off the floor with enough force . 
  was even funnier when it got all dirty and hairy and i 'd pass it to my other mate mid conversation so he does n't realise what he 's holding . 
  the russians had never struggled so valiantly against such an aggressive invader since napoleon !, 
  https://youtu.be/-wqjkwntgsg hypocrite, 
  you 're funny, 
  the reason he did n't shake her hand is because he acts like a child . 
  what i gave were examples of soviets moving entire populations . 
  the land never belonged to ukraine and belarus , it was simply taken from poland and given to them for the sake of more land for the soviet union . 
  hmm , must have understood wrong , i got it from revolutions podcast but forgot that it does n't cost napoleon 's part . 
   70 year old man could n't hear a soft speaking woman in a room full of people shouting when they were speaking ( not shouting ) , they were saying ` handshake ' . 
  the mental gymnastics on display is shocking . 
  it can be argued that a genocide was committed in the vendee in france against rebels to the revolution . 
  damn , i think you hit the nail on the head there . 
  ` fake news ' is not an explanation . 
  https://youtu.be/ulfukueutiu but let me guess , even video evidence of this manchild is n't enough for you ? 
  shitty troll, 
  erm what ? 
  soviets enacted mass deportation and completely changed the demographics of the baltic states . 
  prussia was german heartland for centuries but the soviets deported whoever had n't already run away during their push west . 
  now there 's not a single german in kaliningrad . 
  that 's just one example , i 'm pretty sure they removed the germans from sudetland in czechoslovakia too . 
  many hate her because the poll tax was introduced to scotland before england and wales . 
  i am not too familiar with the subject but i think scotland got it a year before everyone else . 
  she 's also disliked for her action on coal mines which ended up fucking a lot of coal mining towns where the coal companies had a monopoly on all commerce in the town . 
  i personally think she was right to end the coal mining , it was a dead industry being propped up by huge subsidies and the unions were making it all much worse . 
  a lot of people i talk to hate her for no reason other than their parents thought them to ( i 'm 21 ) but most people who could actually give a reason for their opinions on her accepted that she was right to close down the coal mines . 
  she ended up being a big part of the near extinction of scottish tory mps and they have only now just bounced back ( tories got the north east and the borders ) . 
   even trump has n't done something like this . 
  trump sat in a huff like a fucking child when merkel offered him a handshake . 
  https://fm.cnbc.com/applications/cnbc.com/resources/img/editorial/2017/03/17/104349565-gettyimages-654488376.530x298.jpg?v=1489783926 edit : for the t_dicks brigading , here 's some video evidence https://youtu.be/ulfukueutiu, 
  it 's more a case of he let 's his gangster best friend , kadyrov ( head of chechnya ) , do what he wants to them . 
  putin is working to oppress them but he 's not killing them . 
   stupid liberals . 
  fuck , boys , he said it , might as well pack up because he done got us good . 
  well are n't you funny ? 
   anis amri was n't even a refugee , he was a known illegal immigrant , you know that he 'll just advocate that germany builds a wall on their border with syria . 
  nsala malekun , friend , all are welcome in europe under shakira law , even you !, 
  russia kicked them westwards , poland got german land and the soviet union took the difference from their eastern part . 
  i think you just made me eye roll worse than merkel, 
  my oh my are n't you brave , you have to hate thatcher on this site !, 
  how do you fit 50 jews in a vw beetle ? 
  2 in the front , 3 in the back , 45 in the ash tray, 
  they are both vile humans who brought suffering to millions upon millions of people but stalin is indeed worse . 
  did i claim that those things were solely european ? 
  and is it revisionism to point out that much of the world that was explored and settled did n't have even basic metal raking abilities ? 
  it 's not revisionism to point out that europeans had guns , complex metalworking and better tech in general while native americans and many other places did not . 
   you can say that europe helped industrialize the world . 
  you ca n't say that it spread `` writing and infrastructure '' , or other such nonsense like that . 
  for writing , sure , there were a good few new world and sub-saharan cultures with writing but many of those places did not use it to its full potential . 
  but for infrastructure ? 
  where were the expansive road and rail networks in the new world and sub saharan africa ? 
  where was the medicine and education ? 
  he started the regime of communism in russia and his forced collectivised farming during a famine happening during his conquest of russia killed 5 million . 
  where did the industrial revolution originate ? 
  the british were n't in the process of rounding up and exterminating the irish . 
  the irish made up a huge part of their army and were about to get home rule . 
  your comparison of the easter rising to the jewish resistance is insulting to jews . 
  and what about my logic was racist ? 
  he directly ordered the extermination of 11 million people based on race , religion and sexuality . 
  churchill did not order anything even comparable to this atrocity . 
  please explain how the man who lead the uk against a foe , who had taken over most of europe , for years was not a hero . 
  how is that what you took away from my comment ? 
  i said that atrocities were committed under empires ( nearly every single nation that ever was , really ) but i believe ** empires ** had an overall positive impact on the world . 
  80 % , mostly quotes misattributed to churchill over politics ( communism , social affairs etc. ), 
  none before that ? 
  are you shitting me ? 
  regions that are so fertile are prone to particularly devastating famines , just look at china . 
  the british implemented famine/draught prevention after a particularly nasty one in the 1870s and they did reduce the effect of following famines . 
  ww2 being an obvious exception for obvious reasons . 
  well they did a pretty shit job of it then . 
  famine in a fertile area would never lead to wiping out the population . 
  famine never wipes out entire regions . 
  ww2 was on and the british were under siege , southern europe needed supplies and it was not a calculated genocide at all . 
  are you seriously basing a hypothetical , extremely different timeline on a game mod ? 
  \\  tarsus \\  european you tried, 
  rebellion against your own country some it is embroiled in a massive war is opportunistic and back stabbing . 
  it was n't his fault that there was a partition , the hindus and muslims simply could n't reach agreement so there was no option but to split .
