  swim in oil, 
  probably a joke for the tourists, 
   for the german redditors here who do n't know what the so called `` night of the long nives '' was wait . 
  is there a reason why you address german redditors specifically ? 
  we actually say americans way more, 
  i believe that 's a translation issue, 
  well , if i pay half of my wage to welfare for 50 years , get a pension that 's probably 1/3rd of my previous wage , and get it when i 'll probably have 15 years left to live , that makes me think that the government should have plenty of money to cover all expenses even in difficult times . 
  well , it would n't be a problem with more reasonable wages, 
  businesses do n't operate in italy because it 's too expensive . 
  we ca n't afford kids . 
  we need two wages to afford a home , and daycare costs 400/500 $ a month . 
  grandparents are either working or too old to help . 
  c'mon , businesses in italy pay a fuckload of taxes and get nothing in return , you ca n't deny that . 
  i know that , it 's the other people who do n't . 
  well , i 'm not treated as a traitor or anything , just as an idiot . 
  because i live in a country that 's going through an economic crisis , so of course it must be me and all of my compatriots ' fault . 
  'cause we 're stupid , you know . 
  if we were n't , we 'd be rich . 
   in truth i did this because i found people were just downvoting british flairs on sight after the vote , regardless of the content of their post . 
  every post was tainted as it were . 
  i like them to be judged on their own merits not where i come from . 
  welcome to the club . 
  everybody in the eu is supposed to do it . 
  it 's an eu regulation . 
  really ? 
  an article from febraury 2014 ? 
   at the time of writing , the italian government is considering ignoring state aid rules to shore up its own fragile banks . 
  if there was a similar need in germany , you can be sure , say my banking sources , that germany would do the same . '', 
  except the italian government is asking for a change or relaxation of the existing regulation , it 's not just going to act and consequences be damned . 
  we do n't have the same luxury of being able to do whatever the hell we want . 
   it means that whatever custom software the government procures will be visible and accessible to everyone . 
  after all , it 's paid by tax-payers money and they should both be able to see it and benefit from it . 
  honestly this makes so much sense that it should be standard all over europe already, 
  / r/dontdeadopeninside, 
  dude ... war ... 
  why ? 
  when we get offered some mekkano, 
  why do n't we go back to our roots and speak latin ? 
  i 'll gladly go to war if it scores me a decent amount of lego, 
  and it 's `` more fun than the sun '' !, 
  still wine and food though, 
  i appreciate diversity !, 
  so , did you redistribute yourselves on a smaller surface , or did you shrink down the whole country with buildings , people et all , to fit in there ? 
  - tesla model s - cadillac el dorado, 
  men in black !, 
  sounds aztec, 
  i religiously wash my hands with soap every time i use the bathroom and my hands are fine, 
  what about malta ? 
  take that france !, 
  our wines are better !, 
  i do n't even really drink wine ... 
  juncker , is that you ? 
   i feel i 've yet to see a single high-profile terrorist attack where the reason for the perpetrators not being caught in time would have been encrypted messaging channels instead of law enforcement being hamstrung by laws and politics - which is the unfortunate trade-off due to western societies focusing on personal freedoms and benefit of doubt . 
  and even if it were because of encryption , it 's a reasonable trade-off for privacy 's sake . 
   cultural resentment between northern and southern europeans has always been around , but the euro crisis brought it to a boil . 
  polling shows that germans consider greeks and italians to be untrustworthy layabouts ; anecdotal experience suggests that belief is shared by austrians , dutch and scandinavians . 
  the real problem is that politicians keep fanning these flames of hate to bolster their own positions . 
  they should stop with this stupid populism before it 's too late , or they 'll end up reigning on ruined kingdoms . 
  seems like it does n't differentiate between sparkling and `` fermo '' reds, 
  well , prosecco maybe ... 
  it 's a `` leaked '' document , we do n't even know if it 's authentic, 
  from the article :  the de volkskrant report suggested david cameron is partly responsible for the expected # 50bn eu demand being so high . 
  the former prime minister demanded cuts to the eu budget for 2014-20 , but - in return for spending going down in the early years - planned spending in the future rose sharply . 
  fun fact , during ww2 orvieto was used as a fortified position by german forces , and it escaped sharing [ the fate ] ( http://www.editorpress.it/history/wp-content/uploads/sites/4/2015/02/montecassino.jpg ) of [ montecassino ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cassino#world_war_ii_and_afterwards ) thanks to an agreement between german and allied forces ( engineered by a bishop , iirc ) . 
  they love repeating this in school . 
  have you ever been to serbia ? 
  it 's beautiful . 
  i confused a couple of american friends when i told them that italy is younger than the usa, 
  holy shit we sold an industrial plant in hungary and the amount of hoops we had to jump through was crazy . 
  not just government bureaucracy , but also within the company itself . 
  and getting the last invoices paid was a pain , i 'm told ... 
  even harder than in italy !, 
  buy fiat !, 
  in italy `` musei aperti '' days happen once in a while anyway , so if a man wanted to go to the museum for free , he could just wait for the right chance . 
  the only time in my life i 've shared the butt-towel is when i was little . 
  you do n't use the bidet at other people 's houses ... 
  unless you have a problem . 
   i do want to help but if i do it is as a favour , i am using time and efforts to help someone , the very least this person can do is at least respect the local culture and language by acknowledging that it does exist . 
  that 's the point where we do n't `` click '' . 
  i do n't see not trying to speak italian as offensive . 
  is not exactly a difficult sentence to learn and it is enough to be respectful . 
  except in my experience the direct consequence is that people see that you can speak * some * italian and just proceed speaking to you in italian . 
  well , if i were to meet someone in italy who only spoke french and needed to communicate , i 'd do my best to speak what french i know , and i would n't see it as degrading ( i 've done that before ) . 
  i think there 's a culture gap that makes it hard to understand your feeling . 
  `` sorry , we ca n't let you in without a return flight already booked '', 
  one can only dream ... 
  bologna rock city ? 
  let 's just start a crusade , we can all agree on that, 
  no credit , debt , high taxes , stupid policies , corruption . 
  would n't you be interested in importing some politicians ? 
  they are very experienced . 
   if this is n't an argument for federalization , i do n't know what is . 
  not that i 'm against that , but it 's not like a federal government can not be corrupt, 
  i 'm having an hard time following your math . 
  3000 / 4 = 750 $ * a month *, 
  we got ta grow food and build stuff !, 
  no room for forests . 
  [ yeah , i wonder ... ] ( http://www.numismaticavaresina.it/foto/4412.jpg ) [ or maybe they looked even further in the past ... ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bi-metallic_coin ), 
  idk , but mps is n't the only bank in italy, 
  the only link may be renzi 's intentions to bail the banks out,
