  use violence to get their prints ? 
  ... hopefully . 
  ** scrap ** stainless steel is like 1,5 $ / kg , so i think you 're right , it 's kind of impossible . 
  honestly when we looked into paving the road to our family homes , i seem to recall we were asked something just as outrageous , like 500 $ per meter ( ca n't recall whether it was a square meter or a meter of length of our road ), 
   sold them for scrap for $ 70,000 . 
  shit . 
  i would have bought a few for parts , at 10 $ / each it would have been like winning a lottery , one that paid in electronic salvage !, 
  wow, 
  ooooh , dildo tree !, 
  it 's honestly pretty ugly . 
  what were they thinking ? 
  at least the dildo-tree will be gone after christmas . 
  italy ( north ) : let 's say 1200 $ after taxes ( well , those that they take from your salary ... not the others ) normal apartment , in a non-central area : 400 $ phone bill : 10-15 $ ( we usually buy our phones off-contract ) groceries : depends on what you eat , let 's say you do n't eat meat everyday : 150/200 $ normal car : 300 $ insurance : this depends highly on where you live and your driving history , let 's say you 're lucky , 600 $ / year , so 50 $ / month ( i spend 1600 $ / year , big engine ) fuel : depends , let 's say you work 15km from home , do n't go anywhere else , 600km/month , you 've got a decent car , so let 's say 15km/liter , burning diesel at a good price , 1,3 $ / l , that 's 52 $ / month so now we 're down to 183 $ , we 're not going to be able to put anything into savings . 
  as you said this is n't counting anything else and hoping nothing breaks down ... ** well , better get married and share the costs of living !, 
  yeah i mean , he might not have be a very good guy , but julius caesar was kinda on top of this `` badass '' business . 
  well , wait , you mean that over there you guys do n't get approval from 100 % of the population on every law and government decision ? 
  savages . 
  they were warming up, 
  now it 's about 4,20 $, 
  well honestly i do n't see the current generations as much more technology-oriented than the older ones . 
  playing games on a smartphone seems the upper limit for many . 
  i do n't know what would make government work in italy , honestly . 
  i wish i did . 
  punishment . 
  italy is a cleptocracy , it 's just a mostly functional one . 
  * edit : ok , downvote and leave . 
  do n't bother explaining why you think that a state where 50 % of the gdp is taken away in taxes , and still has the shittiest services in the western world , is not a cleptocracy . 
  and sea fauna, 
  renewables ca n't come early enough, 
  tunisia is n't in the middle east , by the way . 
  the point is that you 're not relinquishing anything , you still have your nationality , but you 're also european . 
  it 'd be nice to be able to cherish the differences between us and still be united , but unfortunately the carrion-feeders of society prefer to seed malcontent and hate , and the people stupidly eat it up . 
  * berlin, 
  car manufacturers usually split commercial vehicle production into separate entities, 
  dude , nobody wants to migrate to poland , sorry . 
  another thing : the us had ( still has ) troops on the ground in europe , and that helped . 
  what ? 
  this is the year of the `` fuck everything up !, 
  '' , do you want to appear ... out of touch with the latest fashion ? 
   it looks like there is very little space for radicalizing preachery in italy , because the catholic church and the local organized crime organizations take up so much public space . 
  in italy it is harder to radicalize young vulnerable muslims . 
  that 's an advantage . 
  organized crime is not obvious enough to effect radicalization in immigrant youths . 
  and priests do n't go around preaching in town squares . 
  it 's just that italians are a relaxed people . 
  when everybody around you goes by `` live and let live '' , you do n't feel oppressed or ostracized . 
  he appears as a liar with a smug attitude . 
  but ... what are the alternatives ? 
  i 'd much rather keep him . 
  hey , dude , wtf , do you want to take something more from us ? 
  i wo n't even get into the `` being in the union '' argument , but if a current union member is attacked and the rest do n't help , then i guess everybody 's open to attack . 
  how do you know ? 
  has any eu country ever been invaded during the eu 's existance ? 
  desperanto, 
  as an italian , if possible i speak my dialect when i 'm abroad . 
  the best part ? 
  it 's sold in italy too !, 
  right . 
  you guys are so much better than other italians . 
  keep patting your back . 
  sky tv is very big in italy , so no , he is n't interested in english speakers exclusively, 
  only in the us, 
  the us tends to resort to protectionism in various industries , but that does not make it ok to break their rules . 
   we 've had several germans ( ! ), 
  go home because they found swedes too cold . 
  i do n't see germans as cold people . 
  i 've always found them sociable and fun , so that comparison does n't work for me . 
  no , it may not appear as a luxury residence from the outside , while being well furnished inside . 
  it 's for balancing wheels . 
  they 'll just get a new system, 
   the ustase literally have a grenade on their symbol . 
  so do the carabinieri ( gendarmerie ) in italy, 
   di maio senator palpatine  salvini jar jar binks, 
  i 'm sure that the `` receiving '' country would be glad to ease the bureaucracy required for the move, 
  last time we did it , it turned into a world war, 
  i guess we should invade libya to bring them back ? 
  or should we use a giant slingshot to throw them back ? 
  wait , i think that would count as bombardment . 
  carrara is sister to ingolstadt , and every year they organize [ septemberfest ] ( http://www.septemberfest.it/eng_storia.html ) together . 
  i go there every year . 
  it 's height . 
  short people live longer !, 
  sardinians are typically very short . 
  except that the money goes to a private entity, 
  they have n't found a job ... officially !, 
  that 's the point , it 's not tomato sauce , it 's a `` garden mix '' with a tomato base, 
  yeah , i vote france too . 
  and after all , it 's the second best place when it comes to food and drink in europe , 
  why do you equate being against this trade agreement to being against globalization ? 
  not everything that 's harmful necessarily kills you . 
  usually it 's cut into slices ( most people cut 8 slices , i cut four ) and eaten by hand . 
  when i was a boy hanging out in the city , we would sometimes get a takeaway one , fold it over a couple times and eat it like that . 
  sounds like you should try [ ortolina ] ( http://rodolfimansueto.com/eng/products-ortolina.html ), 
  mayo on eggs ? 
  is this common ? 
  'cause italians do n't care for wars . 
  let others rape and pillage , we 're busy courting and creating . 
  you could have expanded your cv !, 
  it depends , if they currently need to actively cool the station , then no . 
  if they do n't cool the station , or if they even heat it , then yes , by pumping away their heat , they are making the travellers cold .
