in italy we call it ground floor too , piano terra, 
  italy is pretty angered , actually , just not at this bullshit . 
  glass is n't eco-friendly, 
  that 's not really impossible , if employers hire based on salary , they may very well hire someone who asks for less but is also lazy and works less, 
   it does n't snow in rome what ? 
  berlusconi is a good friend of putin 's ... for obvious reasons , probably . 
  on mobile right now so for a full answer you 'll have to wait , but please do n't take venetian separatism seriously , those are just a few nutjobs with too much time on their hands . 
  are you saying that national and regional politics have no influence on the economy when there is low corruption ? 
   can you respond me this , if you mind : do italians have a sense of precaution ( not in a sense of fear ) when it comes about corporations and corporatocracy ? 
  i could n't tell really . 
  everything considered , i 'd say that on a national level we 're pretty natural . 
  keep in mind that italy is almost equally split between people espousing right wing politics and people espousing left wing , with all the baggage that comes with this . 
   2 ) as far as i know , businesses create jobs , not governments or parliaments . 
  as someone from a country whose political class destroyed the national economy and therefore the businesses ' ability to create jobs , i think you are underestimating the government 's influence on occupation . 
   italy can also help lead if they want to do n't worry , they 're already hard at work on removing our ability to choose for ourselves, 
  how ? 
  because they ca n't, 
  well , the governments of western countries are forced to be more cautious with their `` operations '' , for risk of facing public backlash . 
   here in spain we are prosecuting the judges investigating high-sphere political corruption , involving the two main political parties ... you 'd think that in any other country those parties would be defenestrated in voting intention . 
  not here . 
  we absolve our corrupt politicians if they ever get to be condemned . 
  * sigh ... * sounds kinda familiar . 
  yes, 
  especially considering that the german autobahns i 've been on were all kinda crappy, 
  ... made in italy . 
  well guys ... we have to organize an european-reddit-food-party . 
  imagine the stuff we could learn from each other !, 
  bring the drinking music !, 
  first we must sort out the ham civil war inside our own borders . 
  we all know parma wins , tho . 
  let 's just say that we can handle the catering service for the whole event, 
  the scenario in which a nation like australia comes under an attack so significant to require the immediate intervention of their allies is so remote that considering it is a waste of time . 
  a minor disagreement regarding borders or unimportant territory would be more likely , and in that case a timely response is n't really crucial . 
  the disparity of interests seems to exist mostly between the uk and the rest of the union , imho . 
   correct me if i 'm wrong but portugal is the gateway for mexico ( and the rest of latin america ) and europe . 
  not for mexican drug cartels , it appears . 
  if you do a quick google search you 'll find a lot of information on the matter . 
   yeah , some people might still smuggle drugs , but so what , that already happens under the current system . 
    the difference under legalisation is that you 'd take away all the monopoly and power from the drug cartels , and ultimately that 's your goal , they 're the ones who most fuel the violence . 
  the problem here would be caused by the eu 's peculiar setting : drugs would be legal in spain , so it 'd be hard to prosecute smugglers ( not impossible , but more difficult , and organized crime is good at this ) , so they 'd have a safe haven , but they could still export in all of europe , against the law , abusing the lack of borders control . 
  here we 're talking about mexican drug cartels and their affiliated gangs , who are the scum of the earth and could barely be considered human ... just do a wiki search for los zetas or la linea . 
  i believe that people have the right to introduce whatever substance they want in their bodies , but legalizing drugs suddenly without making the necessary preparations would be catastrophic . 
  it 's an issue which will take time to solve . 
  ok , i 'm never going to visit them !, 
  i think that 's oversimplifying the issue . 
  the problem is that a spain is becoming a gateway between mexico and europe . 
  legalizing is not going to solve this , as it 's not spaniards who use most of the drugs passing through their country . 
  opera turbo !, 
  i like the 200 $ note ... 
  it ' very beautiful , and if i have to pay something with 100s or 500s i 'll gladly use 200s also . 
  but for day to day 50 is the standard and 100 a stretch . 
  i ** hate ** bicycle races . 
  they 're so boring for me !, 
  off the top of my head : * giulio andreotti is dead , former prime minister , senator , member of the assemblea costituente ( the body that wrote the italian costitution ) , corrupt mafioso who did n't go to prison only due to statute of limitations is mourned by all of italy 's politicians . 
  * an example for us all * , no doubt . 
  * guy goes crazy , attacks people with a pick-axe , kills one and injures 4 , 2 of which are serious * weather is still shit , in 4 months it rained more than all of last year * juventus won another championship * politicians argue * politicians argue * politicians argue * politicians argue , poor people starve * politicians argue , economy is still shit, 
  and he did n't want to , either . 
  we let the pope retire but we 're keeping the president until he dies ( he 's 88 ) ... 
  that 's because italian towns are n't built , they are grown !, 
  of course :p anyway if i remember correctly the second appeal , to the corte di cassazione , is only possible if there are errors in the application of the laws concerning the tribunal procedures . 
  of course good lawyers can always find some of those errors , especially in the contradicting italian laws . 
  well , actually you do n't need 3 verdicts unless you appeal every time ... 
  but since virtually everybody appeals as many times as possible that 's kind of become the standard . 
  ok , now you 're being rude and arrogant . 
  so i guess i can be rude and arrogant too !, 
  ** you do n't know shit , idiot , you do n't live here !, 
  wikipedia is either wrong or is not accounting for social security deductions , which are not paid to the worker even if they appear on their salary documents , as they are paid by the employer directly to the state . 
  ** * nobody that can be called average makes 75000 $ a year in italy , in which fucking world do you live ? 
  [ here , this is in english ] ( http://www.tax-news.com/news/italian_tax_burden_to_remain_at_record_level____59673.html )  [ ... ] but also stresses that the actual burden on those who pay their taxes , after subtracting the italian underground economy from the equation , is much higher at over 54 % . 
  except that wages in california are higher . 
  if i make 100 and have to give 43 , i still have 57 left . 
  if i make 50 and give 25 or more , i have 25 or less left . 
  a normal job in italy pays around 1100 $ / month . 
  unless you 're an apprentice or something , then you can make even less ( or even get paid nothing , with the excuse that you 're being taught ) . 
  and do n't get me started on taxes for businesses , which are even worse . 
  it 's also from 8 years ago . 
  and probably wrong even then . 
  trust me , i live here . 
  in italy it 's not just `` saving money '' , it 's also increasing taxation . 
  in a country that already has one of the highest tax burdens in europe ( world ? ) . 
  when +50 % of your income goes into taxes , you ca n't afford to pay * even more * . 
  for services that are absolutely abysmal compared to what you pay . 
  you 're in the us ? 
  imagine making 1000 $ a month ( ok , it 's probably more , but stuff is more expensive here ) in a country where gas costs 9,2 $ a gallon . 
  maybe i 'm disappointed that he did n't win all-out :p, 
  it 's not that simple . 
  i run a business . 
  those guys took turns in destroying everything i 've ever done . 
  fuck them . 
  i 've done my part . 
  this is not circlejerking . 
  this is despair . 
  there 's no way grillo would ever join forces with berlusconi . 
  grillo really is n't after a majority . 
  he wants seats in the parliament . 
  as of now , he probably could n't be happier . 
  you sure you want any italian , after this ? 
  of course he 'd run again . 
  he 's after seats in the parliament , in order to allegedly influence and monitor the political choices of the nation . 
  sad keanu,
