  passing through from one job to another ... 
  unfortunately almost all of my travels are for work :(, 
  fat people do n't smile ? 
  when i was in california restaurants and hotels were fucking cold ... then i flew to hartford and when i got to my hotel room there it was set at 65 \u00b0 f. ... 
  i had to redo the conversion to celsius three times to make sure i was n't getting it wrong, 
  where i live it 's been in the upper 30s this week with humidity sometimes over 80 % ... 
  i do n't think i would have been able to work without a/c, 
  it 's actually pretty useful all around the world , as italians are everywhere, 
   just give them some scalpels and guns scalpels to cops and guns to medics ? 
  not really . 
  in italy journalists are always pretty eager to jump on the `` criminal immigrant '' bandwagon, 
  stop stealing our money and spend it the way it is supposed to be . 
  problem solved . 
  those do n't move numbers significant enough to matter, 
   if you stop buying german products that means you 're going to be buying american and japanese instead , not greek and italian . 
  what ? 
  you mean that the alternative to audi is not fiat ? 
   clapping on airplanes and i thought that was an italian thing, 
  i buy german beer because i drink very little wine, 
  i see a lot of frustration towards merkel in this sub from germans , but with her in office , germany seems to be thriving , so why all the hate ? 
  honestly ? 
  he 's so fake that i do n't even know what to think . 
  yeah , if everyone in the eu did n't take us for buffoons, 
  people are the same everywhere, 
   in my area of italy do n't forget our cultural diversity, 
  it 's not a purely economic issue , it 's a moral one , too . 
  you are n't making any sense, 
  ok , i get it , it 's a touchy subject . 
  maybe you should stay off this subreddit for a while . 
  you 're the one who 's getting bent because of his comment , not me . 
  i 'm not offended . 
  you 're the one who made the original snide remark . 
   i do n't take kindly to someone who criticizes another for a messy house while there own house his filled with shit . 
  that does n't make the first house any less messy . 
  this is a discussion forum , and the topic of this particular discussion is greece , so he has every right to point out the related issues . 
  or do you want to censor me too , given italy 's situation ? 
  oh then it 's simple discrimination , sorry for my mistake !, 
  saturated is great :d, 
   the reality is that we have been fools , we have elected fools , and there 's only 2 more other countries as foolish ( belgium and spain ) . 
  do n't worry , when it comes to electing fools you can always count on us to beat you , italy has banned nuclear power a long time ago . 
  cool , gratuitous racism !, 
  in my area of italy it 's also common to use `` pieno '' , which means full , to colloquially address someone who 's drunk , whereas the normal word would be `` ubriaco '' , drunk . 
  edit : of course we also extra flair , such as saying `` pieno come una vasca '' , as full as a bathtub . 
  is that like supposed to be something like a greek food expo ? 
  well , you 've got to admit that it 's a big part of the appeal . 
   cows bulls . 
  in my part of italy we cook stuff in [ lard ] ( https://encrypted.google.com/search?tbm=isch&amp;q=strutto&amp;tbs=imgo:1 ), 
  yeah , it 's dishonest marketing, 
  not so ironic , most dutch mass produced beer is horrible, 
  i know , but it has a similar price , that 's why i made the comparison, 
  not the finest at all , but it 's cheap and it 's not toxic ( unlike bavaria , for example ) , perfect for parties . 
  ok , we forgive you since you 've given us the other oettinger : cheap beer !, 
  healthy , not happy . 
  not being able to build a family when you want to can cause serious emotional hurt , with real consequences in every day 's life , for the individual and for society . 
  and happiness is `` relative '' , if you manage to eat everyday but can not afford any luxury , while those around you can ( in this case we 'd be looking to the past ) , it makes you miserable , because you 're doing comparatively poorly . 
  yeah , well , the way that news services go hunting for the last * crime committed by a foreigner somewhere !!, 
  * , what did you expect ? 
  they are fostering hate for some reason . 
  our news always sucked , but lately it 's getting even worse . 
  yeah , do n't count on siemens ' documentation regarding their plcs, 
  stuxnet ? 
   hemicycle sounds like a motorcycle with wasteful american car engine . 
  1/10 would not parliament, 
  no , beer actually breeds the germs, 
  so first you lured them in , and now you spring the trap !, 
  well played . 
  if the french economy tanked it would spark a worldwide crisis that would make the last one look like a good time, 
  obviously not the same video , that boat has no face or arms, 
  what about dicks ? 
   how do you deal with say , 5000 or 10000 desperate migrants decide to storm the border/fence ? 
  sorry , but that 's an invasion , and we know very well how we 're supposed to deal with that . 
  it 's just that we do n't have the courage . 
  no , i 'm not bringing any fucking insects with , not that i know of , at least !, 
  sorry if it 's inconveniencing you , but it 's the law !, 
  nobody forced you to visit , you know ... 
  forced out with a vacuum pump, 
  except it was a terrorist attack , not a war . 
  there were no ongoing battles , no troop movement , no armed conflict . 
  idk about the uk and netherlands , but here i do n't think people hate serbians at all ... 
  it 's mostly romanians and albanians who get singled out . 
  well tbh the booths are multi language, 
  let 's say a car with 3 wheels then . 
   what is left of the sleazy part of amsterdam after the gentrification of the past decades caters mostly to brits . 
  wait a minute . 
  i only visited amsterdam once a few years ago on a new year 's eve , but one thing me and my friends noticed was that there were no old people . 
  so i guess it was just because of the holidays ? 
  i figured old people just kind of drowned in the canals or traveled europe in vw vans . 
  do people actually keep to the limit ? 
  austrian jihadists have a better survival rate, 
  nah , let 's keep it visa free , but add 432579 security check for us citizens only , with full right and left hand fingerprinting , front and back picture , and sperm sample where applicable . 
  oh , and ask the same 10 questions in 10 different forms . 
  all done through a crappy electronic booth , with angry people shouting at you when it 's not working . 
  * yes , i may be a little bitter . 
  * edit : i forgot , make them pay for an online-only form they have to fill in a month before they visit . 
  and will be replaced by another one just like them, 
  [ italy too ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lateran_treaty ), 
  more like contracting, 
  if i recall correctly this is not the first time something like this happens . 
  not just for foreigners ' benefit also . 
  what are we supposed to do , drown them ?
