  the usual romanian is quite neutral to turkey actually . 
  the past may have been shitty , but at least you guys are on the same side with us now . 
  trade is good , romanians like your beaches . 
  it 's cool . 
  they got it coming . 
  if they treated us , their old allies , better , then things might 've been different . 
  seeing how russia acts and is ruled even to this day , it just shows how isolationist and resistant to change they still are . 
  this sounds promising . 
  hopefully it 'll work . 
  if only it was lack of funding . 
  sad thing is that we have money to build a lot of infrastructure , but incompetence or being afraid of the anti-corruption directorate ( corruption did n't stop construction , the highways were just build at huge prices ) stop it . 
  only now we got some competent guys leading the ministry , but it 's gon na take a lot of work to catch up the last years of nothing being done . 
  road meme ? 
  what 's that ? 
  obviously he 's trying to convince the man to get bitdefender \u2122 , a great romanian anti-virus that 's cheap and effective . 
  order your copy , today . 
  have we fucked up our economy ? 
  well shit , i did n't notice, 
  everyone needed to be corrupt in communism just to survive, 
  yeah , the country is quite nice once you get a good-paying job . 
  it is like one of the few sectors that give good wages compared to the living costs . 
  maybe you 'll visit sometime since you have acquaintances here . 
  [ our consumption right now ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=on-7v4qnhp8 ), 
  it 's pretty useless atm, 
  more than enough, 
  enough goddamn articles , let them leave already, 
  the hell does that have to do with what he said ? 
  it includes the richest countries, 
  be kept poor under russia 's shitty influence , or try to fight your way out of their influence for the chance of a better future . 
  yeah , hard choice, 
  lol , the kind of shit some people can write, 
  yeah , but for romanians to get moldavian citizenship is harder ( but that does n't matter , nobody would want to move from here to there ), 
  in 2009 it was like 4 % for moldova . 
  huge change, 
  it 's so bad that we put our northern border police on alert , and start to vaccinate the villagers around the border . 
  the fuck you on about there ? 
  a bunch of sentences that do n't make much sense together, 
  hmm , we 'll have positive migration by then . 
  that means our population shrinkage will be only because of natality . 
  at least that 's somewhat of a good news ... somewhat . 
  maybe once the quality of life keeps increasing , and our authorities will actually do something about natality , that problem will be minimized as-well . 
   so why buy them then ? 
  we do n't have money enough for the land and air forces . . 
  the ships are second or third priority for romania . 
  uh , no ? 
  this year most of our defence budget will be used to modernize our frigates and some corvettes ( or maybe just the frigates , anyways , modernize the navy ), 
  first maybe they should figure out how to stop people from shitting in the streets before they would be leading any global revolution . 
  north korea is shit for the citizens inside . 
  but that does n't mean it 's dangerous for the tourists that go there . 
  after colectiv , our authorities wo n't fuck around with regulations anymore . 
  besides , the state always enjoys getting big cash from fines . 
  tell what exactly made ponta friends with putin . 
  and please no bs about psd being neo-communist russian lovers bla bla, 
  important thing is munitions . 
  the f-16 can carry more in weight , thus a bigger payload . 
  also lockheed-martin has put way more time and money into researching munitions for it 's planes , and those work only with their planes . 
  the gripen is an air-domination fighter jet , while the f-16 is a multi-role . 
  the f-16 does a better job against ground targets than the gripen . 
  got ta keep that in mind too, 
  it 's perception . 
  greece barely has an anti-corruption fight going so all the putrid shit that happens does n't really get to the citizen 's ears . 
  and i think corruption is the last thing on the mind of rwandans , who have to survive on a day-to-day basis . 
  if you actually believe a place like rwanda is less corrupt than romania , then you 're naive . 
  also why would the eu play nice for us , then criticize bulgaria ? 
  hmm . . well we do have a german president, 
  really ? 
  but a competent and fair administration would n't bring prosperity ? 
  but what we will be then ?!, 
  fighting corruption does n't fit balkans/eastern europe either !, 
  and the f-16 has been heavily modernized since then . 
  it can stand on it 's own pretty well even these days . 
  did everyone forget bulgaria ? 
  they built a fence way before hungary , and it worked . 
   about the 50 something people that ended up in romania by mistake and started crying when they found out where they are ? 
  it was 2 guys , and they started crying because they did n't end up in hungary , which means they went the wrong way to the west . 
  not because they know of romania as some horrible country . 
  60 refugees passed the border like last week , and they were caught . 
  he has a flag , you do n't . 
  where are you from ? 
  well it is justified by reality , considering countries like ghana are still poor as fuck, 
  yeah , it would help the economy, 
  the whole of europe is arming itself . 
  so we fared quite alright from this whole ordeal . 
  nice, 
  the eurofighter are expensive as fuck to operate . 
  bad deal for a state such as bulgaria, 
  romania was on the 69 ` th place a year ago . 
  so yeah , we are putting our corrupt politicians in prison . 
  also ghana and namibia are above romania , so this already shows how useless this list is . 
   think everybody in russia is an asshole that 's a fact tho, 
  yeah , okay . 
  i 'm fine with it falling apart now though , 
  yeah , totally , putin was born into leading russia right ? 
  he 's very popular in russia , so that argument ai n't gon na work with me . 
  great . 
  hope it falls apart, 
  if those arguments are the shittiest possible then yours are even shittier lol, 
  so . . single males are into young girls ? 
  or what ? 
  i do n't get this post at all lol,
