good thing romania does n't give a fuck about poland , so nobody here cares, 
  eastern europe ai n't first world, 
  they 're crazy about russia , we hate russia . 
  also there 's this shit about serbia being the only country that we never went to war with , but we have pretty much nothing in common with serbia other than orthodoxism . 
  they also treated the romanian minority in serbia pretty badly . 
  hopefully taken away from their parents and put in the care of the state, 
  glad i can still type correctly in english without thinking, 
  yeah sure , blame only ourselves . 
  not the fucking gypsies that are n't trying at all to integrate into society . 
  wait , it ai n't correct ? 
  like-able works , why does n't it work for trust ? 
  never saw romanian gypsies doing that , most i saw was selling newspapers in intersections to drivers . 
  the hell does that have to do with what i said about ukraine . 
  and your opinion is retarded , what `` hate and issue '' would that resolve ? 
  fuck poland, 
  ukraine treated/are treating their romanian minorities like shit , plenty of bad business was done with them , bad diplomatic relations , and lately we even found out their army thought romania as the main threat to them till they got shafted by russia . 
  just cause ukraine suddenly changed sides , does n't make them more trustable . 
  so we have better purchasing power than hungary , but prices are cheapest in the eu ? 
  well fuck , that 's some good shit if true ( pretty sure it is n't ), 
  most likely yeah , at least when bulgaria and romania joined the eu they had big economic growth and were stable countries . 
  the way ukraine is atm , i do n't see anything changing anytime soon . 
  you thought about the fact that the eu tried to help , but bulgarian politicians simply refused any kind of help ? 
  the eu needs cooperation of the country too . 
  here the dna became it is today thanks to politicians , mostly from their ignorance since they just wanted to please the eu and they did n't expect it to grow like it is today . 
  but still . 
  you 're blaming the eu for nothing being done , instead of blaming bulgaria . 
  romania is in the eu as-well and has plenty results . 
  [ it 's happening again !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a-bgrekkjcg ), 
  by the time you wrote that comment you could 've searched for it on google, 
  gagauzia is a possibility, 
  hmm , if they can escape with stolen cars so easily then that means the police in moldova is completely useless . 
  but that might explain why i saw so many luxury cars . 
  still , it 's in such bad taste to see such cars when the country is so poor . 
  i think the number of luxury cars in chisinau might actually be equal to bucharest , i really would n't be surprised . 
  it 's ridiculous what 's going on in moldova . 
  i went to chisinau a couple of times and the kind of cars i saw driving around the shitty roads in the city made us that live in iasi look fucking poor , and iasi is way richer than chisinau . 
  they steal from the poor people that pay taxes , and to top it off they shamelessly show off their illicit riches . 
  nice, 
  romania is gon na collapse in this century anyways , so who cares, 
  at least they 're doing something to defend nato 's eastern flank , which germany ai n't doing shit for . 
  what could it do anyways , since your army uses brooms for guns, 
  it wo n't really be a usual park , with alleyways and shit . 
  just guarded and some watchtowers from where to watch the animals . 
  there 's plenty of big parks with lakes to walk around in bucharest . 
  we know we have slavic influence in our language , no fucking shit since we 're surrounded by slavs . 
  but we 'll do our best to stay the fuck away from slavic influence from now on . 
   id say sofia is better for everyday life than bucharest . 
  did n't live in sofia , but i visited and it looked bland as fuck to me . 
  even it 's city center was n't interesting at all . 
  also seemed more dirty than bucharest is , and bucharest is pretty dirty already . 
  what makes you say it 's better for living ? 
  who gives a shit about tourism . 
  it 's like on the bottom list of what helps a country develop, 
  our police knew how to deal with such retarded `` nationalists '' . 
  the ukrainian cops looked like they were completely overrun . 
  you made me look at tb data for europe . 
  it seems the rates here in romania are going down fast and we are n't the first by percentage of infected population anymore ( lithuania ) . 
  good news :d, 
   is this the president before him ? 
  yeah he 's very pro-union and he 's always been active as a president to helping moldova and trying to convince them to unite . 
  he 'll most likely try to get involved in their politics , he 's an old fox and a great politician . 
  so if he actually manages to get in power of moldova , we 'll get the 1859 's all over again, 
  fuck this weather , it 's getting really weird . 
  february was damn warm , then suddenly went to cold , then warm again , then cold and rainy , and now it got so cold that it 's snowing . 
  now i have a really bad cold , thanks global warming . 
  haha !, 
  suck it russia can you guys believe we were once poorer than all of our neighbors ? 
  ( yes , even moldova ), 
  oh , alright then, 
  do n't insult georgia by comparing it to moldova . 
  at least georgia is trying to modernize it 's country and it 's cities are n't 100 % commieblocks, 
  if georgia was n't on the other side of the black sea , i 'm sure they would already be close to joining, 
  from my experience , the way americans ( or at least american fast food ) fries the chicken ruins the taste since you guys cover the chicken in all kinds of fucking seasoning . 
  we just fry/bbq the chicken , at most add some salt or pepper on it . 
  fuck off , you polish cunt, 
  let 's not be ridiculous now, 
  glad to see greece has it 's priorities straight, 
  lol , that was quite funny actually, 
  i said eastern europe , it 's already known that the muslims will outbreed the westerners, 
  yeah , cause ee is full of muslims, 
  either a russian shill or a retard , ca n't decide . 
  what the fuck is the ukr army supposed to do ?? 
  take separatist fire and not do anything ? 
  of goddamn course they 're going to fire back . 
  and since the separatists have fire positions in their cities , the cities get shelled back, 
  maybe if poland keeps being retarded then the us will concentrate on us more, 
  exactly , after communism fell ee thought of the western countries as perfect and prosperous societies . 
  after decades of travelling and finding out more and more , we found out they have their own problems , and their citizens are n't all that different from us . 
  this article is n't even close to pro-russian . 
  not looking up to the west does n't mean suddenly turning pro-russian . 
  pretty sure bulgaria was like the first country to fence up it 's southern borders , before this whole migrants shitstorm got this bad, 
  holy shit i never saw roads this fucked , so many holes, 
  we are talking about centuries of difference between these two parts of europe , one that was flourishing and making empires , and one part that was getting fucked and invaded by muslims and migrants all the time , communism fucked it completely . 
  maybe eastern europe will catch up to the west eventually , but that will be in like 100 years or so , and i wo n't be alive then so i 'll keep to my never , since i wo n't see it . 
  it is a given, 
  eastern europe will never catch up to western europe , so i do n't really see your point there . 
  you 're fucking delusional lol, 
  this was posted here before like 3 times . 
  and in september , you know , when school actually starts,
