  really ? 
  i have n't heard of that since like pre-2010, 
  zzzzzzzz, 
  who cares, 
  what a joke, 
  do n't be retarded . 
  every country has a school ship, 
   1950s : gypsies and poverty all we were then was `` one of those commie countries '' , what gypsies would they know about lol, 
  smurd is gon na equip itself for large disasters by buying equipment like next year or so , bucharest is building a central building for all emergency units to be used in case of disasters , the city bought tents and the like to turn stadiums into camps for the displaced , and the city/government wants to consolidate all buildings with a high seismic risk . 
  so atm , not really that prepared . 
  there are like 5 different office complexes being built , so that says a lot about the it jobs . 
  that 's bullshit , we had dial-up too . 
  but we went through all the steps fast, 
  that 's how the movie shows it , and pretty much all of eastern europe along with it, 
  then fuck off . 
  reminds me of republic of moldova , which all these years kept going between west and east while at the same time not actually doing any real changes to get to any side but try to mooch off from both sides . 
  look how well that went for them . 
  rip ukraine, 
  then it is n't it 's sub-contractor . 
  that was n't your point . 
  learn to fucking argue properly . 
  well how interesting , cause germany does believe that their interest is above anyone else 's . 
  might as well break up the eu then, 
  germany is the sub-contractor ? 
  is that why they like to kiss russia 's ass so many times ? 
  we trust the us way more than western europe , cause at least you know they can and want to protect their `` subjects '' . 
  germany is just being retarded , is all . 
  oh fuck off with this shit . 
  are we germany 's slaves or something ? 
  this is something they want , nothing to be solidary about, 
  the hungarians actually said a couple of days ago that our border police has fared well in defending the border with serbia . 
  remember i read an article saying that . 
  all i know is their anthem is a stolen romanian song, 
   india, 
  the ministry of justice said today that they want to change how they approach things , they 'll give more powers to the inspectors ( dunno how teams from the ministry sent to inspect state employees are called ) and concentrate more on prevention . 
  wow , it 's fucking nothing, 
  can the greek farmers fuck off already ? 
  even our own transport companies are suffering big losses cause of those morons, 
  serbians are a lost cause , do n't bother, 
  the same does n't apply for transnistrians . 
  where did you hear that ? 
  lol, 
  i think he means how venezuela now is going broke and falling apart, 
  i hope most of that population loss would mean villages being abandoned . 
  we really need a better urbanization rate, 
  guess it 's because bucharest is richer than sofia ? 
  maybe prices vary on regions, 
  really ? 
  i went to ruse once and the prices were generally higher imo . 
  i actually saw a lot of bulgarians crossing the bridge to shop in giurgiu, 
  his bosses threatened to fire him , but he made enough noise that the central authorities sent a control there to check the police chief . 
  we 'll see how it ends . 
  after the revolution we were a collapsing country from all points of view , poverty all around and i 'm pretty sure only the albanians were poorer than us at the time . 
  so yeah , things can improve greatly . 
  lol , yeah , plenty of live examples of that great greek culture nowadays . 
  stop living in the past, 
  it 's a movie with people from the system, 
  well good thing about us is that we have no russian minority from the soviet times , aka soviet colonists . 
  so the only thing russia can do against us is direct military attack . 
  i 'm sure we 're safe on that part . 
   india, 
  all/most ( not sure about every country ) of eastern europe is increasing it 's defense spending, 
  some would say moldova , but it 's a shitty , failed nation filled with russophiles . 
  we barely have anything in common with them . 
  and every time they approached us was to mooch off us for free electricity or help for the many times they need it . 
  that 's no brotherly nation . 
  friendly nations could be bulgaria and serbia . 
  but relations are n't close enough to call them `` brotherly '' . 
  so , no brothers . 
  good , this would highten the distrust and make ee separate from western europe, 
  well ... that was fucking stupid, 
  welcome , about time we 'll finally be completely secure . 
  finally we 're on the winning side that wo n't lead to us getting fucked in case of war . 
  is that total gdp you 're basing that on ? 
   secret agents you 're giving our politicians too much credit, 
  military life and keeping in shape, 
  it will never pass the constitutional court ( they 're cool ) , so it ai n't gon na happen . 
  why would it sting ? 
  joining the euro ai n't an achievement nor is it that great of a thing . 
  at least you 're an optimist . 
  good for you . 
  eu wo n't last long . 
  i give it max 2030 till things fall apart . 
  ruled by a bunch of idiots that make a whole lot of stupid decisions that make citizens doubt it more and more . 
  what the fuck , this is upsetting to watch . 
  so many wasted , delicious oranges, 
  yeah , the romanian territories were pretty much free from the ottomans at that point . 
  we still had to pay tribute , but that was pretty much it , no direct influence . 
  then when the russo-turkish war started we just declared our independence , and as we had an organised army and our own government , stopped paying tribute and went into the balkans alongside the russians . 
  where the turks treated badly in bulgaria for any reason ? 
  we had plenty of minorities during the iron curtain but those that ran away did it cause romania was fucking poor and authoritarian , not cause of abuse . 
  we actually wanted to build a direct cable connection to you guys to export electricity to instanbul , but bulgaria refused to let it pass through their maritime border . 
  dunno what 's the deal with you and bulgaria , they still upset about the ottomans ? 
  tsarist russia had some-what of honor in it 's foreign affairs . 
  but since the commies came to power , it all went to shit . 
  they went completely crazy . 
  in ww1 they sent like a million troops to help us defend our country against austro-hungary . 
  and they joined ww1 to help serbia , also an ally . 
  then they accepted to guard our gold , and i trust that they would 've returned it un-touched if the tsar was in control , he would n't have dared to risk his name being soiled in such a way . 
  but then the commies came and rummaged through all the shit the tsar had , including our treasures , like the peasant thiefs they are .
