  also more elaboration pls !, 
  i do n't know why they maintain these graves for such a long time . 
  regular graves get replaced after 30 - 50 years . 
  yes , because lots of major companies left the east after 1945 . so did a lot of engineers and skilled people , because they did not want to live under communism . 
  this is why the east is still behind . 
  probably start at wikipedia , why not . 
  then read some project syndicate , spiegel , guardian , ekathimerini about greece , and maybe foreign affairs . 
  this is racism in its purest form . 
  no , this is not freedom of speech . 
  saying women and infidels are inferior and can be supressed , and apostates have to be stoned is not protected by it . 
  for the same reason , nazi propaganda is forbidden . 
  i 'd rather like to see a picture with : james joyce ir isaac newton uk maxwell ( scotland :p ) alfred nobel se linus torvalds fin :d niels bohr dk marie curie pl gutenberg ger schr\u00f6dinger at galilei it cervantes es plato gr andreas vesalius be vincent van gogh nl decartes fr jan hus cz vasco da gama por bela bartok hu arvo p\u00e4rt est sergej eisenstein lat albert einstein europe  lithuania , slovakia , malta , bulgaria , romania , luxembourg , cyprus , slovenia help me please !, 
  i hope i did not forget any country . 
  no , that 's wrong . 
  with that argument , none of the progress we saw in human rights in the last decades would have been made . 
  women working ? 
  gay rights ? 
  free speech ? 
  abortion ? 
  even divorce ? 
  you can imagaine what would have happened if we had relied on the church 's stance on these issues . 
  and yeah , just to add : if someone does not like to live in a secular country , where the same laws apply to everyone , he can go wherever he wants . 
  there are enough fundi places left in the world !, 
  `` noone has the intention to build a wall . '', 
  the problem with those feed-in-tariffs is that they too successful . 
  now , the amount of money flowing to the panel owners is too damn high and hampers the necessary investments in storage technology and grids , so i think some adjustments , or capping is necessary . 
  furthermore , the program led to the decline of the european solar panel industry . 
  some adjustments have to be made here aswell . 
  but overall , the outcome is great . 
  wind power is competitive now , solar power almost . 
  who had imagined this progress ? 
  this unfortunately was meant ironic . 
  i totally agree with you . 
  now , that awareness about racism in europe has been established , we have extend the view to the world . 
  indeed , only europeans are blamed for slave trade in africa , and not the tribes and kings that cooperated with the europeans and who sold the slaves . 
  some african people today despise the offspring of african-american slaves . 
  the same goes along with immigrants here . 
  when a german says he/she does not want to marry an immigrant , this is racist . 
  when an immigrant says he/she does not want to marry a german , it is considered an obvious right to preserve their culture . 
  ultraconservative `` natives '' here were forced to accept gays and women 's rights . 
  from ultraconservative immigrants , this is seldomly demanded . 
  this bigotry is ridiculous . 
  allright , so let 's see how competitive our economies will be when energy prizes continue to rise . 
  and maybe the author should ask how many jobs were lost due to financial speculation . 
  you will find racism in every place in the world , not only in europe unfortunately . 
  cultural or ethnical conflicts exist since the beginning of mankind . 
  in germany you will now even find racism or xenophobia of immigrants against the `` native '' population in places where a lot of immigrants live , or of older immigrants ( turks ) against new immigrants ( roma ) . 
  on the other hand , the most xenophobic regions in germany are the ones where almost no foreigners live . 
  every energy technology has been heavily subsidized , from coal to nuclear , and now alternative energy . 
  but i think , solar power in germany gets too much support , and `` renewable energy law '' is flawed , by guaranteeing feed-in prizes . 
  we should focus more on trans-european projects . 
  for example installing panels in greece and spain . 
  this would also help their economies and would offer an alternative for capital flight . 
  i would n't blame the high electricity prizes in germany on the renewables . 
  prizes have risen before that too , because we have an oligopol of producers that wanted to maintain their excessive gains . 
  in fact , the renewables help to reduce the electricity prizes at the exchange market . 
  what has to be done now is to do more research in energy storages . 
  and grids need to be built . 
  i would like to see more china-style here , because i ca n't stand those nimby-people and their protests concerning bugs and frogs , while the future of our wealth is at stake here . 
  this is excellent . 
  i do n't get why europe is not focusing more on peak oil and the future of energy supply . 
  instead , we keep argueing who is going to retire with 60 and who at 62 . 
  we are living in a region where fossil fuels are scarce , we heavily rely on import . 
  hell , even the nitrogen-containing fertilizer we put on our fields is made from hydrogen which is obtained from natural gas . 
  if we do not find alternatives , we will see another dark age . 
  the ongoing euro crises is small compared to the transformations that we have to expect . 
  the presented numbers are definately biased . 
  even though , it is undeniable that immigrants are overrepresented in the crime statistics . 
  while economic reasons can explain theft , robbery and drug deliquency , they can not fully explain murder , rape and violence . 
  there are also cultural and traditional reasons for that . 
  it is definately so . 
  even though i see the differences shrinking . 
  cultures used to be much more heterogeneous in the past . 
  look at germany for example - 150 years ago we had a few dozen smaller kingdoms and duchies . 
  would they have anticipated to see oktoberfests all over the country now , even in prussia ? 
   financial times deutschland always publishes election advices before important elections . 
  i do not see how this damages democracy . 
  i think the threat to democracy is more that european politicians like sch\u00e4uble are infliciting pressure on the greeks to vote for the `` right '' parties . 
  they declared the election to be a referendum on the euro . 
  i know , because i lived in spain for some time . 
  my response was a polemic rant to the article . 
  this crisis has grown for some decades now . 
  the excessive public debt was accumulated in most of the west since the 80ies . 
  the wrong construction of the euro was allowed by the politicians in the beginning of the 90ies . 
  in the end of the 90ies , controls of the financial markets were loosened . 
  the eurozone delibaretely ignored the forged greek statistics . 
  the southern countries have a rotten admistrative system , unable to collect taxes . 
  all major european contracts have been broken . 
  and now we blame merkel for all of that ? 
  that is unacceptable . 
  ( i have to add that i did not vote for her ! ), 
  edit : to make things clear , i am not sparing anyone here . 
  there are many causes , many small failures . 
  a gordic knot . 
  i do not like merkels politics , but to say `` she ruined europe '' is dishonest . 
  definately . 
  ridiculous comparison . 
  especially the unemployment thing . 
  of course there is no unemployment in uganda , because you will just starve without work . 
  this is something i do not understand about the crisis .
