  there are a lot of examples where good sides of multicultural society can be seen . 
  but it works only with people who are individuals , who dare to step out their group , who do not need nationality or religion for their identity and who are curious to experience new things . 
  what does not work anymore is cultural relativism . 
  living together can only work on the basis of common values . 
  since this is a western country , these values are equality , liberalism and individualism , and can not be negociated . 
  the influence of religion is generally in decline . 
  therefore , the `` native '' majority does not want a rising influence of islam . 
  everyone who appreciates this should be welcome to enjoy the privileges of this model . 
  but the one who does not has to go . 
  the states have to become more strict on that issue . 
  goes in line with the mayor of swedish town malm\u00f6 , who advised the local jews to emigrate to israel ... europe has to be really careful of what is going on here . 
  through immigration , the middle east conflict is imported . 
  what i do not understand is that no country is able to settle these kind of problems . 
  what is not flying anymore is the breach of european contracts ( germany is bad in this , too ! ) . 
  and now : no direct capitalization of struggling banks ? 
  the governments all agreed on these , but the contracts seem to be worth nothing . 
  what is this , if not a masked dictatorship ? 
  germany will eventually save the euro , but not without conditions . 
  painful conditions that have already been applied to the german people since a few years . 
  pension with 67 , reduction of wages , welfare cuts , privatization of public companies . 
  i doubt that all eurozone countries will accept these conditions . 
  i would like to share your optimism . 
  anyway , germany will do everything to save the euro , even though the politicians will be sent to hell afterwards . 
  and please , if we would still have the `` schw\u00e4bische hausfrau '' mentality in germany , things would be much better . 
  look at berlin , north rhine-westfalia and bremen . 
  they have huge debt , spend like crazy ( especially berlin ) , mess up big projects ( almost exclusively berlin ) , but do not increase their economic output . 
  and no one is going to stop them . 
  what angela merkel said was `` staatsraison '', 
  i do n't mind that the government is giving submarines to israel , btw the only democratic country in the region . 
  they are surrounded by enemies that want to wipe them off the map . 
  just check the hamas charta . 
  i certainly do not agree with the settlement policy of the netanyahu government and the radical settlers are the definition of racist . 
  but the country as a whole would be lost without a strong military . 
  and if they have nuclear weapons to deter their enemies , why not ? 
  as long as they do not use them for a first strike . 
  that is of course true , especially in connection with violence . 
  to provoke downvotes : because the cannabis tourists , either younger people or borderline junkies , invade the dutch border cities ( at least along the dutch-german border ) like hordes . 
  they often behave like `` drugged idiots '' , leave their trash from their eating orgies , pee in public , shout in the streets and in parks . 
  it is really annoying for the local people . 
  i guess if they would respect the rules , there would n't be these measures . 
  do n't get me wrong , i am definately pro legalization , but only if drug users can control themselves in public and do not disturb other people . 
  if turkey wants to join the eu , the journey still seems to be long . 
  pronrw are a bunch of racists , because they insult every muslim . 
  they are not contributing to legitimate and necessary criticism of highly conservative islam . 
  these salafists however do not deserve any tolerance , because they want to overthrow western lifestyle . 
  they claim religious freedom , but they do not respect the freedom of other believes . 
  they are willing to use violence . 
  kick them out , maybe they can find political asylum in saudi arabia . 
  this could only work in iceland  i think the problem is the size . 
  on small scale , it would be easy to collect data and estimate risks . 
  but on a big scale , it gets very complicated . 
  this is why the german subsidies for solar power are borderline bulls *** . 
  we should let people build panels in spain and greece , pay them instead . 
  we 'd support regenerative energy and southern economies . 
  and the best bread and the biggest variety of bread in the world . 
  i envy you . 
  in germany there is no queuing discipline . 
  for example , if there is one counter open at some place with a decent queue , and a second one opens , people will rush from all directions to get a better place in the queue , instead of using old queue for the two counters . 
  i hate that !, 
  `` new documents shine light on euro birth defects '' http://www.spiegel.de/international/europe/euro-struggles-can-be-traced-to-origins-of-common-currency-a-831842.html, 
  and their gdp is still lower . 
  1 % growth from 40000 $ -  +400 $ 2 % growth from 20000 $ -  +400 $, 
  if i have to decide : crete and ithaki . 
  i 've also been in kerkyra , lefkada , tinos , and they great too . 
  that 's fine with me . 
  my favorite islands will be less crowded and i will not be disturbed by old men wearing socks & sandals ... ok now , seriously , more people should go on vacation to greece now to help them . 
  otherwise they will be deprived of their last major source of income . 
  sad but true . 
  and they are political refugees aswell , they want to live in a democratic country . 
  is it really that simple ? 
  if you look at ww1 , can only germany be blamed ? 
  was n't austria involved aswell , and the alliances between states to help each others in the case of war , that triggered the whole war and made the uk enter the war ? 
  was the rise of the nazis not to some degree caused by the crippling treaty of versailles and the world economic crises in that time ? 
  i do n't want to say german is not responsible for the horrible outcome of these events , but your statement is too simple . 
  the funny thing is that it is xenophobia acceptable for people who claim to be anti-racist and extraordinarily tolerant . 
  they also forget who liberated them from the nazis . 
  very nice . 
  but please remove africa , 
  did n't we have and article about polish kids improving school grades in uk ? 
  please mr. fischer , telling that germany is going to ruin europe again , and putting it in line with wwii is a bit cheap . 
  was n't it your government which allowed de and fr to break the maastricht treaty , which led to the situation that almost all eu countries accumulated an amount of debt that now cripples them ? 
  which did not carefully watch what was going on in greece ? 
  do you really expect , that after 30 years of eu subsidies and convergence politics , government spending will magically start to work ? 
  the abuse of human rights and corruption is executed best in the absence of attention and transparency . 
  i think it was a good thing to send a signal to the people of azerbaijan , that they are not forgotten . 
  it 's the small things that matter . 
  i do n't get why some people are hatin ' now . 
  if someone says a right thing , it is right regardless of their background and their motives . 
  they are completely separated issues . 
  as far as i know , spiegel is the only german newspaper with english content . 
  there are others , like faz and sz which are considered to be better though . 
  in greece , you have ekathimerini . 
  and in east germany , even after 20 years , this did not work properly . 
  they got great roads and infrastructure now , but still no jobs and no industry . 
  why should this be different in greece ? 
  edit : this sounded a little bit harsh . 
  what i was trying to say is that the experience of the unification has to be analyzed properly , and france and the south should understand this . 
  for example privatization was one reason for the deindustrialization of east germany . 
  furthermore , spending alone will never create economic activity , and in the worst case only maintains broken business models , as we can see in the german ruhr area with its heavily subsized coal mining . 
  from what i know from my greek friends is that they all want the country to change the structures , to make government more efficient .
