i encourage more international relationships , this is what will make europe grow together , 
  d\u00fcsseldorf , k\u00f6ln and the northern and western rural parts of nrw do quite well . 
  ruhr area and eastern rural are in bad condition . 
  separatism will not drag europe back to the middle ages , as all these regions want to stay in the eu . 
  the problem is that too much money gets shifted around by central governments ( and brussels ) that do not understand what the people who make the money want . 
  let 's keep the money in the region where it is earned , and let people decide what to do with it , like in switzerland . 
  depending on the style this can be of course sexual harrassment . 
  i like dutch !, 
  to be honest , it does also sound bizarre to me as a german . 
  and i must admit i saw the same concept in a southern european country during my erasmus aswell , 
  very much so . 
  invade them , and make them give back our stolen tax money . 
  germany spends 180 billion $ each year for family support . 
  but it only leads to unemployed people and immigrants having more children , while people who are generating wealth for everyone by working and thus paying taxes have less or no children . 
  a system designed to collapse . 
  the current leaders are unworthy to receive the prize imho . 
  they should send some of the older politicians who were involved in creating the union , that is now run down by power-hungry bureaucrats . 
  it is not foreigners in general . 
  i highly doubt for example that high numbers of poor chinese and vietnamese people lets say in sweden are involved in gang rapes or violent crimes . 
  it is also a cultural phenomenon also , i do n't see the a correlation of poverty and gang rapes . 
  i see a correlation of povery and theft , burglary and robbery . 
  unfortunately true . 
  that 's wrong , in germany the important muslim organizations published statements to condemn the violence . 
   i 'm extremely pro multiculturalism , in my opinion this has nothing to do with multiculturalism . 
  a radical religious person who is willing to use violence in order to suppress science , discussion and historical research is the exact opposite of tolerance and solidarity . 
  these people are as dangerous as the nazis, 
  i would like to see a switzerland-style european federation . 
  we should copy what is working in the very heart of europe , we do not need to look across the atlantic . 
  unfortunately , politicians wo n't like the idea of losing power to the people . 
   they also have to repeatedly explain to people how it 's possible . 
  yes , i can imagine . 
  germans are unfortunately suspicious when it comes to extraordinary achievements - they prefer everyone to be on the same level   in germany and switzerland i 've also seen so many people wasting  time in their studies i think it depends a lot on the area of studies - humanities are more prone to waste time , natural sciences or medicine are organised like school . 
  in my university , phds take 3-4 years , and they can not afford to waste a single day . 
  the amount of work they have is insane , but they do great research and publish in nice journals . 
  this is because those rankings focus on research-oriented universities . 
  in other countries , first class research is primarily done outside of universities , like in germany at the leibniz - , fraunhofer - or max planck-institutes , which are not universities . 
  furthermore , the admission to universities like harvard , oxford and cambridge is highly competitive . 
  only the best will be able to go there . 
  in germany for example , you will have good and bad students and good and bad professors at all universities , and people will usually choose a uni close to their hometown . 
  13 years in school + 1 year military/social service + 1 year longer undergraduate studies . 
  so why is this embarrassing ? 
  i am also teaching students that are older than me . 
  why should one care ? 
  and because moderate poliicians do not try to solve this issue since 40 years , in a few decades we will get some more radical people with more radical solutions . 
  great perspective . 
   the good thing about welfare state as it is now is that it catches people  to its safety nets , allows them to think about what they are doing and  what they could be doing . 
  of course many wo n't do nothing with their  life 's , but that was their decision i disagree on that one , because these safety nets were designed to catch people when they have problems - lose their job , get sick , etc. 
  in germany , 10 percent of the people have no perspective and will be dependent on welfare all their lives , because they have no chance on the regular labour market , or the jobs they could do are so badly paid that it is better for them to get welfare . 
  that does not sound like a well designed system imho, 
  i heard about that village on the radio here . 
  actually that 0 % unemployment is bought with heavy eu subsidies . 
  then the figure does not look impressive anymore . 
  but generally , these people are right . 
  we have to think about the organization of work , especially of unskilled labor . 
  it could be wise to actually make some economic processes , like farming , less productive by increasing the amount of manual labor again . 
  i think it would be a better option for the welfare state to have some kind of socialist low wage sector , where people can earn a fair amount of money to make a living and have the right to work , and to stop sending paychecks to unemployed people without any conditions , leaving them without the feeling of being needed . 
  this could overall be cheaper than the current welfare state model . 
  if i have to compare college level us vs germany , i 'd say the mean level of the education in germany is higher , but the top notch is broader in the us ( think of ivy league ) . 
  even though , you can get a great education almost for free here , without having to start your professional career with a huge amount of debt . 
  i understand skipping belarus , but why poland ? 
  i hope that poland will also start fracking soon , as this would be a game changer in the european energy supply . 
  glucksmann is unfortunately right . 
  europe has to unite and stand strong on key issues like defense and energy . 
  the single countries are marbles in a game of giants . 
  especially the countries who were world powers , like france , spain , the uk , netherlands have to realize this . 
  germany though has to learn to take some leadership , together with poland . 
  totally agree . 
  i do n't get why they did not share the pipeline with poland . 
  my first bet is on slovenia , estonia , czech republic , slovakia and eastern germany in 20 years from what i have seen with my own eyes so far , but poland will surpass them a decade later . 
  actually go to random bigger european city nowadays and you will find roma begging gangs . 
  even the turkish immigrants in germany now complain about this issue . 
  noone would complain if there would be roma engineers , doctors or workers . 
  i do not see why mentioning an obvious social problem is racist . 
  we have a booming economy because we have lots of companies with skilled employees that produce high quality goods to match the demand on the world markets . 
  even though i like the ideas of keynes , i am not sure if they really work . 
  look at the former east , or the ruhr area . 
  there was a better location for the airport at a former soviet airstrip http://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/flughafen_sperenberg so deciding in favor of the worse location is not silly ? 
   i agree that berlin should have proper airport , especially because traveller numbers continue to grow there, 
  now the debt needs to be reduced . 
  or no ... let 's spend more money on failing silly airport projects , race tracks , highways that no one is using , refurbishing cities , inefficient train stations , subsidies . 
  that 's how we generate growth ... not !, 
  very important point , that is often forgotten . 
  the communists also had armed brigades and engaged in riots and fights , even though they were likely less violent than the nazis and does not justify any of the nazi 's deeds . 
  this is crap . 
  being a studying white male ( and thus heavily discriminated , following the article ) i think that the admission should only be based on indiviual achievement and performance . 
  if more girls get better degrees , more girls get positions at the university . 
  maybe there are underlying reasons for the bad performance of boys in school , but it is not the job of the universities to fix that . 
  i do n't think that luck is a big factor . 
  the basis of the german economy is the plethora of small and medium sized companies with niche products that are flexible enough to adapt to the world market quickly . 
  german companies produce to match a demand . 
  i see inspiration and perspiration , not luck . 
  i agree , the real reason for not having referenda now in germany is that politicians constantly make decisions that the population does not like !, 
  it is highly unlikely that there will be a referendum `` on the eu '' , as the german politicians do not trust the german people , because of 1933 . and from a legal point of view , it is not even binding . 
  a referendum might be necessary if a new constitution is introduced , but i do not see this happening . 
  think of solidarnosc and east germany 1989 !, 
  those right wing people should have in mind that germans in switzerland are the least criminal `` ethnic group '' , even less than native swiss  about this hate issue , i think the germans are just envious because switzerland seems to be like a better version of germany . 
  most definately . 
  i was in poland a couple of times and only met great people , and saw a thriving developement , even more than in most parts of eastern germany . 
  it is listed in the longer list . 
  and it is definately one of the best cities to live,
