  the eu has more people than the us and canada combined , and thus is a bigger consumer market . 
  the eu gdp is the highest in the world . 
  so how can it be possibly that we get conditions dictated by the markets ? 
  if banks are too big to fail , then what about the eu ? 
  there are many dissenting voices . 
  you will find them among the social democrats , the green party , the left party , and some leading newspapers and leading economists , like bofinger . 
  anyway , for a lot of germans it is unacceptable that they should pay for countries with inefficient public administration , unacceptable tax evasion and low economic competitiveness , and even more so pay money for banks that gambled and lost . 
  i know that it is not that simple , but that is the way many people here see it . 
  steinbach is not the best history teacher . 
  she should do her best to achieve reconciliation , but instead she instigates hate , and has a distorted view of history . 
  my grandparents lived in the eastern rural parts that now belong to poland . 
  but honestly , i could n't care less . 
  i do n't what to go `` back '' . 
  what i would like to see though is the acknowledgement that the displacion was not right , even though they were germans . 
  definately . 
  these 12 years led to the demise of europe . 
  one could even blame the euro crisis to the nazis !, 
  people should understand that it is possible to talk about atrocities separately . 
  the evils done by the nazis does not get weaker or relative if someone discusses the bombing of dresden , the expulsion of germans from the eastern parts of the reich , the created famine in ukraine , the atomic bombs on japan , the genocide of the armenians and greeks in the ottoman empire , the misdeeds during colonialism . 
  we almost would have had one too ... damn !, 
  great video !, 
  i do n't think there is an absolutely good sounding language . 
  it depends on the context , and what you are saying . 
  every language can sound harsh , and every language has poetry . 
  even german , 
  titanic brought the world cup 2006 to germany through bribery . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/titanic_ ( magazine ) # 2006_fifa_world_cup_bribery_affair, 
  i do n't have the impression that the europeans are very different , compared to other cultures . 
  i 'd also assume that the cultural difference between , let 's say , an english person living in london and his pakistani neighbour is much bigger than between said londoner and a person from italy , france or poland . 
  also the political systems and the basic idea of having a welfare state , that stretches from sicily to iceland are comparable , and have much more in common than with the us system . 
  ah ok , so the banks who gave money to greece , italy , portugal and spain after 2001 , and who took insane risks in ireland , relying on a bailout by the states , can not be blamed ? 
  and what about the banks that suddenly stopped giving money to spain , without a proper reason ? 
  and what about the same banks , which now refuse to give loans to small companies , thus driving them to bankrupcy ? 
  we have to differentiate here a lot . 
  austerity definately had a bad effect on spain , which had a healthy economy , but one has to ask where a lot of the pre crisis economic growth came from : the construction sector . 
  would public spending really help ? 
  building more houses , more infrastructure , after the real estate bubbly burst ? 
  where are you going ? 
  paris ? 
  keep your wallet and phone either in your front pocket or in a pocket inside your jacket . 
  i doubt that you need a dummy wallet . 
  do n't go to seedy areas , and you will be fine . 
  france is not honduras, 
  we will see . 
  it can become quite interesting , because the majority of the german people never liked the euro , and now there is not much support left . 
  maybe the christian democrats or the liberals could try to gain votes with anti euro positions . 
  even though , the christian democrats see themselves as pro euro and will never sacrifice the `` achievements '' of helmut kohl . 
  the social democrats are so much pro euro that it hurts . 
  the greens too . 
  and the pirates do n't have a position . 
  maybe they would vote for bitcoins , 
  50 % of the inhabitants of brussels are immigrants too . 
  the article is crap . 
  sch\u00e4uble is the german minister of finance . 
  minister of foreign affairs is westerwelle . 
  i guess that depends on the country . 
  i could imagine that germany would accept german soldiers under `` foreign '' command , or a euro force . 
  this is certainly a bit over the top , but i find that these issues are legitimite , and need to be addressed . 
  i do not agree with the minaret ban , but i definately agree with the deportation of foreign criminals . 
  every decent person who wants to persue a better life here should be welcome , but if people come here and commit serious crimes , they should go . 
  the west is not the world 's social service agency . 
  is n't there a multiple speed europe already ? 
  there is the eurozone and the schengen-zone . 
  and romania and bulgaria are under close supervision . 
  germany has elections in 2013 . 
  and it does n't matter who will win , because the political parties more or less go to the same direction . 
  until now , there is no relevant euroskeptic party in germany , because everyone with the slightest right wing position will be ostracized . 
  the deficits of 2008 and 2009 were most likely due to the worldwide economic decline in these years, 
  it was the french government that demanded the euro for their yes to the german reunification . 
  blame them , 
  i know . 
  but in the face of all the eu-contracts broken , they could have broken that one aswell  anyway , it was not even kohl who introduced the euro , it was conceived by the french government , check : http://www.project-syndicate.org/commentary/france-s-broken-dream, 
  it was his government which introduced the euro , his government which breached the maastricht contract , his government that deliberately overlooked the greek economic data , his government which deregulated the banks and decreased the taxes for the rich . 
  so if he had any sense of decency , mr. fischer would just shut up . 
  the perspective on germany presented in this article is mostly right . 
  the problem of parallel communities , which are basically segregated , was caused by government policies in the 70ies and 80ies . 
  initially , the so called `` guest workers '' should return to their homes after a certain time . 
  after the oil crisis in the 70ies , the guest worker program was stopped , and the workers should be sent home . 
  this did not work of course . 
  instead , there was an influx of turkish immigrants under family unification , which was out of control , because it was overlooked by the authorities . 
  in the 80ies , a big wave of asylum seekers from iraq , lebanon and turkey came . 
  the government still persued the policy of sending the people back , as they were never intended to stay and become german . 
  so , there was no need for them to seek integration , and german language skills were not promoted . 
  instead , there were so called `` turkish classes '' to culturally prepare turkish kids for their return . 
  furthermore , the turkish state , with its own interests in the background , was allowed to run mosques . 
  and there are definately prejudices among the `` native '' population ( even though i need to stress that this is probably found in every place in the world ) . 
  and there is also a bad influence of the welfare state , that allows people to disconnect from society . 
  this is one side of the problem . 
  the other side is a cultural problem imho . 
  a lot of immigrants come from rural areas , and they are unwilling to modernize their traditional views . 
  this is understandable especially for the people who were minorities in their former `` homecountries '' aswell , like kurds , yezides or oriental christians . 
  there is a lot of social pressure inside the communities to stick together . 
  to obey the family rules , not to assimilate . 
  in some places with a lot of immigrants , you nowadays find anti-german and anti-western `` racism '' . 
  and if you look at the crime statistics , especially in cities like berlin , a cultural influence is undeniable . 
  other minorities in germany , like the spanish , greek , vietnamese , made this transition already , and are better integrated and seek higher education more often than the germans themselves . 
  a lot of people in germany see these problems , maybe some of you remember the debate about the book written by thilo sarrazin . 
  however , the problems are only addressed by right wing politicians , in the way right wing politicians usually address issues . 
  the left wing still clings to a concept of multiculturalism , where basically any criticism is a taboo , and a dangerous cultural relativism is present . 
  add to the mix the religious interest groups , which will call everyone who dares to address problems a fascist and nazi , especially people from their own community , who have come `` westernized '' .
