  because if they did that they would be labelling the third generation french citizen who runs your favourite kebab shop as your enemy . 
  you have a right to be angry , but if you must be angry at something , be angry at saudi arabia . 
  even then , your fear makes you willing to give up the values that your ancestors died to give you . 
  liberty , tolerance , respect and dignity . 
  we can be stronger while opposing the erosion of our western values . 
  stronger border control but more resources devoted to processing legitimate refugees . 
  more policing but with police that value our privacy and dignity . 
  less war but more effort to rebuild the infrastructure we destroyed in the middle east and north africa . 
  go on and cry deus vult but just know that you are letting them win . 
  you are the only one throwing judgement around here . 
  you 're the only one trying to force people to abide by your cultural rules . 
  maybe look in the mirror first . 
  does n't change the fact that the swiss clearly do n't appreciate western values like freedom , liberty and tolerance . 
  the swiss are just as intolerant as the muslims they hate apparently . 
  fucking right wing morons in this thread celebrating their own liberties being stripped from them . 
  typical . 
  so i ca n't wear a scarf around my face when i 'm cold in the swiss-fucking-alps ? 
  kind of ineffective when it 's a bigger parasite doing the name calling . 
  besides it 's close enough that any politician could spin it as `` inconclusive as to the will of the nation '' and get away with it . 
   i 'm entitled . 
  you certainly are !, 
  as long as you continue to identify yourself as english it 's fine . 
  we have a reputation to uphold , and english people are no craic at all . 
  do n't want any filthy uk ~ ~ refugees ~ ~ economic migrants trying to flee their country across the border . 
  also got ta keep uk fishermen out of our waters . 
   businesses will move from ireland to the uk . 
  we 've got the clout to do it . 
  good luck . 
  why would they leave the eu to move to england ? 
  corporations do n't invest in ireland because we have low corporate tax , they do it because we 're in the eu and give them access the to whole eu market . 
  i can tell you 've never been to europe . 
  about those trade treaties ...  buy your pounds while they 're cheap !, 
  invest , invest , invest !, 
  invest in what ? 
  calm the fuck down and spend the energy you are wasting for your useless moaning about non issues on something productive instead . 
  you 'll feel better . 
  because it might help others more than it hurts you . 
  i want to look like a model who has no job apart from eating expensive food and hanging around the beach and gym all day too !, 
   but drones are generally speaking one of the lowest casualty ways to fight a war . 
  the alternatives are either boots on the ground or airstrikes by larger manned aircraft with much more extensive ordinance and systems to protect a pilot . 
  i 'd be more comfortable if you had to send american kids to die fighting your dirty wars . 
  you might not want to anymore . 
  white powerful british politicians were raping kids for decades and likely still are . 
  its not just the brown people . 
  he 's not european either . 
   weirdly , even though what he is saying is obvious and is widely shared in the european public you mean the european reddit . 
  most people do n't mind or do n't care about immigrants . 
  you 're in an echo chamber reinforcing your views here . 
   it leaves only one conclusion . 
  yes , the pilot attempted a barrel roll . 
   how on earth did a bomb get on board a plane that left from charles de gaulle ? 
  hey everyone , let 's jump to conclusions !, 
  british pubs are shite craic . 
  like irish pubs but miserable . 
  everybody has an agenda . 
  i 'm not content to leave families dying in wars started by western imperialists . 
  but i 'm also not content to make minorities feel more unsafe in europe ( and let 's not act like we were a fucking paragon of tolerance ourselves either ) it 's shitty all around but the answer is n't `` muslims out ! '', 
  ca n't reason someone out of a position they did n't reason themselves into . 
  it 's all emotion and rhetoric . 
   ni really are n't likely to leave . 
   at a guess , food , greece imports more food than it exports , they 're not self sufficient , how do they buy it ? 
   electricity how do they buy oil and gas ? 
   and other greek made stuff . 
  but not the essentials i guess . 
  what would they buy with it ? 
  they would have been paid if the eu was n't there ? 
  let 's see how austere a country is when it goes bankrupt and the government ca n't pay social security or civil servants . 
  well we still have 15 years to get greece back on its feet before that plan might have been faster . 
  i 'm all for burning bondholders and defaulting , but not when we 'd be burning pensioners . 
  what do you see greece like without the eu ? 
  what 's your solution ? 
  what is your vision for greece , a country which cooked their own books for thirty years , outside of the eu ? 
  think it would be better ? 
  as an irish person paying for the sins of the last two dickhead generations , i still understand * someone * has to pay . 
  for all their downvotes they know there are no apologetics for british atrocities in ni . 
  the ira at times defended villages from retributive british attacks against civilians . 
  not everything they did was right , but they were no more terrorists than the british army was . 
  we 're all just glad that era is over . 
  thanks to men like the op is insulting . 
  the republican groups killed more people than any other group , that 's why the ratio is more important than the numbers . 
  if you compared number of kills instead of the ratio of civilians / military killed in afghanistan , the taliban would look like saints while the british army would look worse than they do in ni . 
  the ira killed more people , but they mostly killed british army or other servicemen . 
  the british army ( not including government funded loyalist paramilitaries which were even worse ) killed less people , but mostly killed civilians . 
  so you 're not goint to dispute anything i wrote ? 
  grand . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bloody_sunday_ ( 1972 ) britsh soldiers in ni were murderous cowards , come out ye black and tans . 
   it 's nice to know you 're a terrorist sympathiser . 
  you are too . 
  funny how i 'm the one you say that to . 
  51.5 % of people killed by british security forces in northern ireland were innocent civilians . 
  52 % of people killed by ** all ** republican paramilitary groups ( including the extremist splinters ) were british security forces . 
  only 35 % were civilian and that percentage would be even lower for mcguinness ' group . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_troubles#responsibility british death squads murdered civilians , british army soldiers shot into crowds . 
  the ira gave warnings , the british did not . 
   that irish bastard from yesterday must be spinning in his grave get fucked the british government was a terrorist state in ni, 
  that 's police states for you . 
  so ... less than 30 people were remotely involved and no one has died apart from the asshole ? 
  turning this into a big deal is what makes these attacks effective . 
  some insane person drove a car into some people and got shot by the police . 
  you guys turning this event into some enormous catastrophe that needs instant and live news coverage is what makes attacks like this worthwhile for the scumbags that commit them .
