  do you think the majority of people would be happy if corporations could sue the government if they decided to impose regulations ? 
  some people will always be unhappy , it 's about representing the majority and protecting the minority . 
  besides there is a difference between a necessary concession and an unnecessary one . 
  it is entirely unnecessary to pander to the whims of corporations . 
  but my point is that people we are hiring to negotiate on our behalf should not be considering * anything * bad for us . 
  this is a trade negotiation between the two biggest `` democracies '' on earth . 
  how could they possibly have put anything on the table that could be remotely spun as eroding our rights or democracy . 
  there should be nothing in there that the public would get angry about . 
  if there is then we are no longer represented . 
  ideally they should n't be negotiating anything that will cause public outcry . 
  am i the crazy one for believing they should be representing our interests ? 
  why is it being negotiated in secret and why is everything that gets leaked something bad ? 
  why were the bad things not result available in the provided reports and what else are they hiding that has n't been leaked ? 
  the secrecy is the problem here . 
   they just follow populist fearmongering . 
  do australians ? 
  why are you supporting this so fervently anyway ? 
  is it does n't go through , it does n't go through , they can try again and present the information to the public better . 
  it 's as much the responsibility of the government to present this information widely as it is the public to read it . 
  if it is a good thing and it does n't pass it will be because of the secrecy it was negotiated in . 
  if it 's a bad deal and it does n't pass , well good . 
  ok let 's let the hospitals stop running , the economy grind to a halt and fight the greek government tooth and nail while they enact their reforms . 
  i 'm sure we 'll get a return on our investment from the shithole of a country that will produce and the eu will be a friendlier and more cohesive place for how well we treated our greek brethren when they were in need . 
  but pretty much entirely bad for the environment and our social values ? 
  so it 's all or nothing then ? 
  we ca n't have a reasonable trade deal and still protect our economic and environmental sovereignty while maybe pocketing a bit less money . 
  we can only surrender ourselves entirely or continue living in ... 
  poverty ? 
  things ai n't so bad at the moment like . 
  i 'd prefer baby steps over a cannonball into a pool full of hungry sharks . 
  greece is reforming right ? 
  otherwise why would they be supplying them money . 
  the article says this problem was exacerbated by the fact that greece * is * paying the money back . 
  we could at least give them enough leeway to keep their people in groceries and their hospitals running if we wanted to be moral and european about it . 
  harmful to a corporations bottom line or to a peoples or environments well being ? 
  the eu shares more values in common with ireland than america does . 
  plus we are still afforded some national protectionism that this legislation will completely erode . 
  a portuguese fisher ca n't fish over ireland 's continental shelf , under this bill american factory ships could steam in because irish fishers are allowed to fish those waters correct ? 
  so twice the damage regardless ? 
  besides i would n't take a country that elected tony abbot as a shining star of environmentalism or socialism . 
  australia is a big country either way . 
  i do n't particularly want an economy of 350 million greedy hands landing on the island of ireland . 
  you ca n't understand that irish people would take better care of ireland than americans do ? 
  and now once we let them in if things go to shit we ca n't get them out without getting sued . 
  lots of people depend on getting paid . 
  it seems the ecb and imf cares more about getting paid than having greek hospitals running anyway . 
  not like we 're making it easy for them . 
  aaah ok i understand now , thank you . 
  still concerned about natural resources though , it 's not like we have any to speak of really but our forests , bogs and seas are more precious to us than they are americans . 
  is n't that practically the same though ? 
  so long as some corn syrup loaded shit in the states are approved there they can sell here right ? 
  i highly doubt american food standards would be properly recognised as inferior to european when so much money and lobbying is involved . 
  i see what you mean about law suits now . 
  but say for example the irish government allows a semi-state board gais to exploit ireland 's peat bogs in a sustainable manner , american companies can now sue if they are n't granted rights to our bogs ? 
  well that headline definitely has an agenda . 
  guess `` greece re-appropriates budgeted funds . '', 
  would n't be inflammatory enough . 
  thanks for the reply . 
   most favored nation treatment ( do n't treat me worse than someone from another country ) so if the us agrees to allow companies to exploit national parks or protected lands , eu countries can be sued if they do n't allow the corporation to do the same here ? 
   the us and eu might try to harmonize standards , however . 
  eww ... well i 'm still troubled , will definitely be telling my mep not to support the legislation in its current form . 
  two questions : is it actually possible for corporations to sue states for * future * lost profit under this legislation ? 
  will this allow american corporations to sell food that does not meet eu standards in the eu ? 
  if neither of those are true i go from troubled to cynically concerned . 
  no idea , had a polite look around and left him be . 
  it was in essaouira too so not the middle of nowhere either . 
  everyone else was very nice though . 
  never been offered so much cocaine and hash in a single day in my entire life . 
  i 'd agree but he would n't let the men buy anything `` no , no , berber only '', 
   i think racism is a complicated topic and sometimes failed communication will delude people that some actions are racism . 
  when i was in morocco we tried to have a look around in a berber 's shop but he made the girl in our group leave because she was wearing shorts and told us we were n't allowed to buy anything . 
  that was probably racism . 
  in japan i tried to get a haircut and the old japanese barber waved me out of the shop even though it was empty . 
  he was probably just laundering money for the yakuza . 
  it 's all about context and communication . 
  you bothered a guy eating in a restaurant and told him to fuck off ? 
  i guess you 're fortunate to live where you do . 
  irish protestors are ignored , derided by state media and ignored . 
  regardless of how peaceful to protest government action is to be unreasonable . 
  name one peaceful protest that enacted major change in society that was not socially disobedient . 
  and apparently that 's ok with everyone because these guys are the only ones protesting . 
  its not fear , its the ingrained need for control and power that drives anyone who wants to be a career politician to seek office in the first place . 
  i did n't say demolish everything but you need to be disobedient . 
  you 'll get exposure for a week . 
  people will go back to work after two max . 
  nothing changes because nothing happened . 
  the streets are swept clean and everything 's the same . 
   that would be much better than destroying the livelihood of people , attacking public transport , attacking refugee homes , attacking fire fighters . 
  how can you defend those actions ? 
  it 's despicable !, 
  did n't see any of that in the pictures but i agree that 's unacceptable . 
  yes much better to sit quietly in the designated protest areas so as to minimise any disruption to society or our bureaucratic overlords . 
  our politicians are no longer afraid of us and that is not a good thing . 
  the article you have posted is about us diplomats telling the eu to spend more money on it 's military . 
  from the rest of your contributions to this thread it 's clear you agree . 
  you reminded us of the bosnian war as an example of why armed conflict in europe is still a possibility and adding to the narrative of why we should be spending more on our militaries . 
  follow the logic ? 
  if you do n't think the eu needs to spend more on it 's military i apologise , if so my points still stand in defense . 
  my argument has dealt with the bosnian war and why it is not relevant to the point you are making . 
  you are floundering and continuing to construct strawmen .
