  dutch and english four day sea battle ? 
  it 's like the teacher letting a kid look after the bathroom pass . 
  what do you think the goal of the `` liberal media '' is ? 
  would have been a great place for the aboriginals ... 
  you know what would have * really * helped us out ? 
  letting us eat our other produce , we were n't just growing potatoes . 
  not planting is would have been nice and if cromwell could never have existed that would be good too . 
  compare a car assembly line from the 80 's to now and remember that the population has also increased . 
  we 're already living in an automated society . 
  barely any agricultural jobs , none outside fruit farms which only require manual labour . 
  manufacturing is largely automated now . 
  there are only so many mcdonalds and supermarkets to clean toilets at . 
  let 's say these people are real go getters . 
  we 're not giving thence jobs , why not let them create their own ... oooh they would need a loan or capital and were already here arguing that they should n't even be allowed to buy fucking food ... 
  i 'm working with a more than comfortable salary at the moment , thanks for the assumptions . 
  in lenin 's world you could be breaking rocks for roads at the very least . 
  i 'm not sure if you 've noticed but post austerity europe still does n't want to spend money on big public projects that create jobs . 
  that said we do n't really need rock breakers anyway , we should prepare ourselves for a post labour society though . 
  something `` hard '' workers like yourself loathe to think about, 
  i 'm sure if i just walk down the street shouting `` give me a job '' someone will hand it to me . 
  in fact i might even just go straight to the job tree where jobs are grown ready to pick . 
  these comments are like an insanely capitalistic 1984 wet dream . 
  sort out the enormous wealth inequality in society today and * then * decide we 're incapable of supporting vulnerable people . 
  there 's no easy solution to these problems . 
  it 's going to take generations . 
    open your records so we can catch the rapists you 're still hiding before the statute of limitations runs out  what `` records '' ? 
  do you think they keep a list of pedophiles somewhere in a cellar in the vatican ? 
  they had records of the rapists they were shuffling around but only released the ones there were warrants for . 
    it does mean something when the argument is that they are a piece of shit . 
   how is that relevant to the gay marriage stuff then ? 
  i mean , you can of course make a cartoon claiming they 're a piece of shit , but you ca n't imply that what they 're saying is worth less because of that , even if they were a piece of shit . 
  you can make the argument that child molesters and those that facilitate them should not exactly be a moral authority on anything . 
   hundreds of priests have been defrocked . 
  what else do you want ? 
  open your records so we can catch the rapists you 're still hiding before the statute of limitations runs out they 've only defrocked the ones we 've caught , not the ones they know about . 
    an ad hominem is n't out of place when that hominem is still a piece of shit . 
   uh , no , it 's still an ad hominem . 
  that 's the entire point of ad hominem . 
  even if the person making an argument is a piece of shit , it does n't mean anything for the argument . 
  it does mean something when the argument * is * that they are a piece of shit . 
  do you know what justice is ? 
  because we still have n't seen any from christs representatives on earth . 
  an ad hominem is n't out of place when that hominem is still a piece of shit . 
  was it really so hard to link one of those ? 
  do n't get pissy because someone tells you `` last i heard '' is n't a great phrase to use in an argument . 
  that post did n't mention america once . 
  and you still have n't addressed why we should concede on anything . 
  can you tell me why it should n't be a take it or leave it situation other than that you believe for some reason that we should bend to their whims ? 
  what 's the us going to do ? 
  they 're the ones pushing this . 
  they should be happy with what they get . 
  most of the numbers coming out estimate this deal will benefit them much more than us . 
  people want more money , it 's the foundation of every trade agreement ever made since the dawn of man . 
  if the us had to concede on every disputed point they would still make money and so it would still pass . 
  even if they rejected it i guarantee it would be less than two years before they proposed another . 
  they 're not going to leave money on the table and we 're certainly not desperate . 
   last i heard apple paid an effective tax rate of 2 % . 
  excellent sources . 
  exactly , people supporting ttip in this thread are mystified at the idea that trade negotiations should be open . 
  the eu does not need to , and should not , make any concessions whatsoever . 
  we are the largest political entity on the planet . 
  we are a huge , wealthy consumer base . 
  either you follow our rules and take what we offer , or you gtfo . 
  we have what they want , not the other way around . 
  corporations have absolutely nothing to bargain with apart from the ability to butter up some eu politicians with bribes . 
  what are they going to do ? 
  stop selling things to us ? 
  cut off the hand that feeds them ? 
  we hold ** all ** the cards . 
  there should be no negotiation . 
  savannajeff definitely has an agenda , not calling him a shill or anything but he defends ttip to the death in every thread . 
  especially weird for an australian with no stake in it . 
  everyone should be critical of their sources , how anyone thinks a guy on reddit is more trustworthy than the guardian is beyond me . 
  so there 's still a chance we can shoot this down at that point ? 
  that does n't mean anything , murderers can justify their actions if they want . 
  gay couples can already adopt in ireland , it 's just people trying to confuse the undecided . 
  there is no ethical way to justify a no vote . 
  if you vote no you might still be a good person but you did an undeniably awful , awful thing . 
  unionists will never wise up , if the last fifty years have proved anything . 
  critique implies some sort of critical thinking or analysis . 
  not just lies and government spin . 
  the opinions on russia today are n't foreign critique . 
  all of the anti-gay marriage campaigns outside the church authorities are run with american money . 
   if they find out that you are even undecided or unable to vote , they 'd call you homophobic . 
  which will swing some undecided voters to the no side . 
  but if you do vote no you are homophobic , there is no other reason to do so . 
  this is the most black and white moral election the country has ever had while i 've been alive . 
  the no side gets fierce riled when you call them homophobes but they are under every definition . 
  why mince words when you are 100 % correct to call them that ? 
   and of course , children are selfish ungrateful little pricks . 
  holy fuck i feel sorry for your kids . 
  he meant haiti was independent . 
  yeah two sam fitted vessels would be a real deterrent . 
  it 's insane to think that politicians can be bribed or are out for themselves ? 
  it 's more insane to trust them if you know anything of the history of the world and democracy . 
  because it 's not critical thinking to take anyone 's word for anything . 
  why would i believe the eu website if they are trying to pass through legislation that will harm eu citizens ? 
  i 'm not saying trust the people leaking things either but it is up to the eu to refute them , not for us to simply ignore them . 
  the people leaking information have a lot less to gain than politicians taking cutbacks from corporations too so you need to look at it from that perspective too . 
  apparently not all of it or there would be nothing to leak .
