  either make a real argument and address my points or stop posting before you embarrass yourself anymore . 
  russia is not going to invade the eu , it 's going to continue meddling in the former ussr but an increase in eu military spending is n't going to stop that unless we decide to declare war on russia , probably the single worst decision anyone could make at the moment . 
  a military build up would push russia further into the corner it perceives itself to be in . 
  the combined military of all the eu nations already has more than enough force to protect the borders of all the member states and to server as peacekeepers in any nation that requests our assistance . 
  we do n't need anymore unless we want to be aggressive . 
  you might like that but you can continue twirling your pistol in the air across the atlantic while i 'd prefer the eu to continue spending money on more important things . 
  either way you think my comment is useless while not actually criticising anything i 've written , lets pick apart yours . 
   glad you had so much concern for the bosnians where did i say i did n't have concern for the bosnians ? 
  you 've built yourself a nice little strawman because you ca n't address my actual argument , or at least i 'm going to give you the benefit of the doubt and assume you 've built a strawman and not that the american education system has failed to teach you basic literacy . 
  tell me then , ** how would an increase in the military budget of european countries have prevented the bosnian war when nato and ec countries did not even commit a significant amount of their existing forces to ending the conflict ? 
  **  i 'm sure the folks of eastern europe are excited to hear of your pacifism at all costs attitude . 
  pacifism implies a reluctance towards self defense . 
  where did i say i would be against having a military capable of adequately protecting the eu 's borders . 
  my actual argument was that : 1 . 
  there is no real threat to the borders of any ** eu ** country . 
  the current combined military of eu countries is more than enough to defend our borders , and if not we have the industrial and economic capabilities to outproduce an enemy in the event of total war . 
  an increase in military spending would not lend itself to defense , just force extension and an increased ability to meddle ( not to peacekeep or assist ) . 
  do i think the eu should play a passive role in world politics ? 
  i think the eu should assist countries which request our help ( including ukraine if they request the eu to act as peacekeepers ) . 
  i do n't believe the eu should become like the us . 
  we 've left our imperial past behind . 
  maybe you should take the opportunity to do the same . 
  maybe take better care of your wounded veterans and stop trying to make more . 
  maybe america should just stop spending so much money on its military then . 
  we 'll see if the world * really * collapses with a less powerful nato . 
  the only thing they 're concerned about is no longer being able to protect and influence their interests as much . 
  maybe someone with an nyc flair should be careful when trying to be an expert in european politics . 
  a few more aircraft carriers flying the eu flag would not have prevented the balkan conflicts considering nato and other european countries never bothered contributing any significant number of military assets towards ending it anyway . 
  the growth and inclusion of other countries in the eu has done more for peace and freedom in europe than 50 aircraft carries could have done . 
  the escalation of military assets in europe will do more to breed conflict than diffuse it . 
  america might get a hard on for sending its sons to die in foreign countries to protect `` interests '' but i certainly hope europe never succumbs to it too . 
  we would be better served fighting corruption , bigotry and the apathy of voters in our own countries than we would building tanks . 
  surveillance , greed and the influence of money in politics is doing more to erode our essential freedoms than a starving russian bear ever could . 
  give us a realistic example of a situation in which having 6 aircraft carriers would protect the freedoms of european citizens . 
  one that does n't include an incredibly unrealistic premise like russia or china invading . 
  we 're facing a bigger threat to our freedoms from our own greedy bureaucrats , the apathy , ignorance and bigotry of european voters and the creeping influence of large corporations and american money . 
  more military spending will just increase the power of malicious organisations like gchq and provides more of an opportunity for corruption by our various governments . 
  it will allow europe to create conflicts as harmful as the us has been in the past few decades with the objective of protecting `` european interests '' . 
  i imagine you would n't have been too fond of poland 's economy in 1939 either . 
  trump is insane , but its no surprise the only person defending him here has a uk flair . 
  no , i wish we were doing more to help . 
  i wish russia did more cool stuff like this and less of the other shit ( the us too ) way to go russia . 
  i love poland . 
  but god damn they 're making it hard on this sub . 
  they have n't even gotten that many refugees or migrants either !, 
  it 's this type of stupid rhetoric that turns them from people with legitimate concerns about immigration to bigots with a serious lack of perspective . 
   nothing in that headline is `` derogatory '' . 
  i answered [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4gnt45/secularism_is_the_key_for_democracy_in_a_moslem/d2j6gbf ) why i used `` moslem '' ( common german transcription ) instead of `` muslim '' ( common english transcription ) . 
  and if you want to know how a subreddit becomes a `` shithole '' , just look at the vulgar , immature language that you employ in your comment , u/bobzer i did n't know that was the german transcription so i apologise , but you should know it is considered somewhat derogatory in english . 
  and as for this subreddit , it 's not the language that was ever a problem , it 's the bigoted , xenophobic and hateful sentiment that has become routine and acceptable that is distasteful . 
  yep . 
  the op is a fucking idiot . 
  he 's complaining about down votes but he wouldnt have gotten any if he did n't intentionally edit the article 's headline to be derogatory . 
  i ca n't believe how much of a shithole / r/europe has become in the last two years . 
    just not the people who are living on land that israel wants ? 
   occupying powers and you 're wondering why no one is a fan ? 
    disregard for human rights we have a problem with . 
   what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  israeli citizens , including israeli arabs ( palestinians with israeli citizenship ) have the right to free speech , right to vote , right to organize ... countless rights , and rights which are not present in palestine . 
  just not the people who are living on land that israel wants ? 
  its even worse considering so many polish `` economic '' migrants were more than willing to pass through safe countries to the uk and ireland during the 2000 's . 
   or you 'll only get a sack of ~ ~ salt ~ ~ polonium on the 5th of december . 
  or at least a little bit in our tea . 
  in fairness america tells the truth * sometimes * . 
  we 're still waiting on russia to admit formal military involvement in ukraine . 
  and to apologise for supplying weapons to rebels who shot down a civilian airliner . 
  chill out bud , i was just wondering . 
  thank you for clarifying . 
   has been successfully shifted `` successfully '' in that context makes it sound like it was someone 's goal . 
   as internal pressure that existed due to dissatisfaction with corruption has been successfully shifted towards maintaining the military and social conflict against russia instead . 
  russia invaded ukraine . 
  you make it sound like starting a fight with the russians was the plan of some shadowy ukrainian oligarch twirling his moustache . 
  ca n't stand the sight of a fleg myself . 
  jesus christ i 'm glad you nutters are overrepresented on reddit . 
   it 's growing more and more difficult to attempt moral superiority in the face of an enemy that laughs at the very notion . 
  why ? 
  we have n't actually done anything except sit on our hands and fill syria with weapons . 
  the only evidence so far was `` a severed hand '' found at the scene 300m from the blast site . 
  and a pkk member that security officials `` suspect '' . 
  the kurds claimed responsibility for bombing the military bus , why would n't they claim responsibility for this ? 
  the fact that you waited three days to `` correct '' me , while providing no evidence shows just how desperate you morons are to pin this on kurds . 
  atat\u00fcrk would be rolling in his grave listening to you erdogan ass lickers . 
   germany is probably unsalvageable . 
  crazy left : make hilariously stupid facebook and tumbler posts . 
  mildly annoying . 
  crazy right : discriminate against women and gay people , ban abortion , remove taxes on the rich , horde weapons , get rid of social security for the poor , privatise public services and resources , ignore science , ban muslims . 
  and of these two options the * former * bothers you more ? 
  they came as settlers . 
  and settled on the land that had been cleared by displacing or murdering the irish people living on it . 
  they were conquerors as much as the english . 
  i know many were fleeing hard times in scotland but it does n't change the fact that they survived and flourished by oppressing irish people . 
  the results of the plantations was the decimation of irish culture and language , centuries of oppression , suffering , rebellion and war . 
  the famine , starvation and emigration of millions of irish people , even the troubles . 
  none of this is the fault of anyone alive today but we should n't celebrate the people who were party to it . 
  especially not this year . 
  i do n't begrudge anyone their existence now of course . 
  it 's all under the bridge as far as my generation is concerned . 
  we 're all from the same island . 
  i just do n't think it 's particularly sensitive to celebrate their past , one founded entirely on oppression of irish people . 
  i do n't want to start anything of course .
