  what have they ever done for us ? 
  the people who killed jesus were n't christian ... how does that even make sense ? 
   union hmm ... so that 's what they called it ... 
  fair enough , i 'm not one to pretend i know what i 'm talking about . 
   there are numerous nations and states dating back way earlier than the 19th century that were unified by a notion of nation state although they did n't follow the ideology nationalism ( it had n't been clearly invented/defined yet as shown by your link ) . 
  you 'll find that on roman coins , on roman flags , inscribed on roman monuments . 
  regardless of who made up the population of rome it was a unified state and it 's achievements were done in the name of the senate and people of rome whether they were emancipated slaves , citizen immigrants from greece or any other ethnicity . 
  a great example would be rome . 
  lets shoot the trailer in english but not broadcast it in any of the english speaking countries !, 
  great idea !, 
   do its supporters believe only enslavement and/or killing of other ethnicities besides their own will achieve this ethnic agenda ? 
  what ? 
  i doubt even the nuts in greece are suggesting that . 
  as far as i can tell people just want them deported . 
  if you suggested enslavement or murder as the solution to anything in any of the european countries i 've been to you would only be met with disgust . 
  and enslavement ? 
  i mean really ? 
  it 's the 21st century ... 
  one of the things i do n't get is that people are saying that the banks that were bailed out should have to pay or just be let fail ... but if they need to get bailed out how would they pay in the first place ? 
  and what happens to everyone 's money if they are n't bailed out , does it just disappear , whisked away by whatever creditors the bank was indebted to ? 
  well there are other reasons why . 
  one of them being that it 's pointless for us to go schengen unless the uk does it seeing as they are the only country that we have a border with . 
  unless people want to swim ... 
  sometimes an outsiders interpretation can provide us with essential perspective we had been missing because of our own biases . 
  not in this case . 
  can you give us advice on the correct caliber of freedom to shoot at them ? 
  [ / jokes ], 
   have the relations improved because of the uk 's recent financial support to ireland ? 
  ireland and england 's relationship is so complicated it 's ridiculous . 
  my great-grand dad fought in the rising , he died before i was born but it 's insane to think that my grand-dad has given me first hand stories about the birth of ireland as a modern , independent nation . 
  less than 100 years ago we were at all out war with england and had been fighting them for centuries beforehand , yet there is no real animosity from 90 % of the population . 
  even my granddad fought in the raf during wwii . 
  i can only reason that it 's because we as a people have become so intertwined over the centuries we ca n't find a reason to hate one another because of the past . 
  i guess when people have been fighting that long they 're just happy it 's over . 
  relations have n't really improved because they were already pretty good to begin with all things considered . 
  yes but ethics are just our morals applied to science , there is no real right way to say something is scientifically right unless you are correcting facts . 
  if it 's `` scientifically right '' in the same way the op used the phrase then it 's just regular right . 
  it 's either right or wrong , the science part added to the front is redundant and misleading . 
  you know ethics are just a moral principles right ? 
  that 's what i 'm trying to say , you ca n't attribute ethics to science in a manner that would make saying something is `` scientifically right '' because ethics would exist whether or not science did . 
  but ethics do n't come from science , they are applied to science . 
  ethics come from our own morality . 
  so you are saying jews and muslims circumcise their children because they think it 's scientifically beneficial to do so rather than because they think it is morally right ? 
  science is morally neutral . 
  it can be both beneficial and detrimental to people and society in general . 
  nuclear warheads - science penicillin - science get what i 'm saying ? 
  and if you want to go further down the proverbial rabbit hole , science is n't even morally neutral because it is a means not an entity and ca n't have a morality . 
  i can only assume you were jumping on the science vs religion bandwagon but i forgive you for that even if you are making a massive assumption that being religious puts someone at odds with science . 
  either way that is not the topic , lets get back on it . 
  it would have been more correct to say norway 's ombudsman for children 's rights did the good thing , the moral thing asking people to stop mutilating their children 's genitals . 
  because science did n't magically tell her it was the right thing to do , her own basic human decency did . 
  down vote and move on , do n't reply , it 's the attention he 's looking for . 
   scientifically morally perhaps is the word you are looking for there . 
  competitiveness is fine until it becomes us vs them , then it just breeds hate . 
  america takes it a bit far imo , you 're either a winner or nothing , but it does make them excellent at a lot of things . 
  yes ... that site definitely looks impartial and unbiased ... and if europe can get intelligent , autonomous drones to fly around all the major cities keeping watch on people by next year , i would n't even be mad . 
  i 'd be impressed . 
  damn right , does n't he know it 's the money laundering capital of the world ? 
  we do n't have any of the necessary infrastructure to exploit it , the government is too short sighted trying to get us out of immediate debt to invest in it , we 'll probably end up selling it to some foreign company for a pittance . 
  faggot : esp us , fagot [ \u02c8f\u00e6g\u0259t ] n 1 . a bundle of sticks or twigs , esp when bound together and used as fuel 2 . 
  ( engineering / metallurgy ) a bundle of iron bars , esp a box formed by four pieces of wrought iron and filled with scrap to be forged into wrought iron 3 . 
  ( cookery ) a ball of chopped meat , usually pork liver , bound with herbs and bread and eaten fried 4 . a bundle of anything vb ( tr ) 1 . to collect into a bundle or bundles 2 . 
  ( clothing , personal arts & crafts / knitting & sewing ) needlework to do faggoting on ( a garment , piece of cloth , etc. ), 
  [ from old french , perhaps from greek phakelos bundle ] do n't discriminate against firewood !, 
  yeah , yesterday was horrible , 20c with complete overcast and light drizzle . 
  ... i 'm tempted to argue but ... meh , why do i care , i do n't live in america . 
  good luck with all that crazy . 
   my american patriot ancestor put a bullet in your british redcoat ancestor . 
  might just want to take another look at the flag next to my name but ignoring that completely for a moment , how the fuck are guns protecting you from the government ? 
  you are a fucking democracy !, 
  you are the government . 
  what are you going to do , go to the white house and shoot obama because you do n't agree with his policies ? 
  bomb a building full of representatives you elected because they are trying to censor the internet ? 
  who would you be fighting in your attempt to overthrow the people you elected into office ? 
  rich people ? 
  politicians ? 
  the scary faceless corporations ? 
  because it 's definitely their fault that you voted them into office . 
  or maybe when all the nut jobs with guns decide to free the fuck out of themselves from their oppressive government you would be shooting your neighbour bill the police man because he was trying to maintain order , or maybe the kid down the street who joined the army straight out of school , are you going to kill him while he 's trying to keep obese rednecks from shooting the shit out of everyone ? 
  how the hell is that defending your freedom ? 
  seriously , get real . 
  how many mass murders have been averted because citizens were carrying firearms , columbine ? 
  the aurora ? 
  you are saying that the freedom to carry firearms will result in more mass murders and other crimes being averted but look at all the mass murders and school shootings that take place in the us , they happen there more often than anywhere else . 
  yes outlaws would have guns , professional outlaws , the kind that understand that if you go around murdering innocent people you are going to get caught . 
  suicidal teenagers , crazies , and desperate people ( i.e petty criminals ) wo n't . 
  i 've already mentioned that this wo n't work for america as you already have too many weapons , they could n't be made as scarce as in other countries where this actually works . 
  just making a point though . 
  it 's hopeless for america now that they have so many guns but that does n't happen in any country with gun control because only professional criminals would have the savvy to actually get them . 
  rapists , muggers and burglars are all desperate men , not professional criminals , it 's not realistic for them to get firearms in a society where they are rare . 
  i really , really just do n't get their gun culture . 
  i posted this as a response in one of the threads , it sums up my views :  because guns are more important to the protection of their state than ... voting or ... participating in democracy or some ridiculous notion like that . 
   you take away their guns and the corporations would be running the country !, 
  the government would be selling it 's citizens to private prisons !, 
  it would have a huge proportion of it 's population incarcerated for trivial charges !, 
  the media would start lying to them !, 
  their government would descend into two parties squabbling over who gets to live in a big white house !, 
  a persons opinion about whether someone should wrap latex around their penis would be more important to their career as a politician than their opinion on taxation ( so long as it is n't `` more taxes for the wealthy ) , their government would imprison people oversees without trial and torture them !, 
  they would break up peaceful assemblies !, 
  their government would start scaremongering and use fear as an excuse for controlling the movement of their population all overseen by scary , faceless agencies with aggressive three letter acronyms !,
