  culturally the might be a lot different from us and their society might prioritise things we do n't agree with but they 're just people like us . 
  seems only fair they get it then right ? 
  do n't worry , i laughed . 
  why though ? 
  it 's not like we 've been sitting around doing nothing , we could create a lunar base if we wanted , it 's just expensive and it 's much more economical and efficient to explore the solar system with probes and robots than human beings . 
  the only reason to have a lunar base at the moment would be to say `` look what we can do ! '', 
  but we already know we can do it , we already have humans on the iss , there is no real reason to do it . 
  nobody was saying america is n't diverse . 
  they 're just saying you 're homogenous enough to get away with referring to `` america '' as a single entity rather than a collection of states . 
  our temperature is regulated by the sea . 
  the gulf stream goes right past the west coast . 
   you can not buy beer anywhere at oxegen festival unless it 's fucking heineken and costs $ 7 , -- / pint . 
  wtf ??? 
  that 's why you sneak as many naggins of vodka as you possibly can in with you . 
  drugs are cheaper than alcohol at oxegen . 
   the government was just uncaring and did n't try and make it worse for the irish people . 
  turkey and even native americans tried to send aid to ireland , the british government refused to let them . 
  it was genocide . 
  our government is famous for cronyism and general corruption . 
  enda seems to be decent enough even if i do n't agree with everything he does . 
  he was landed with a mess though . 
  uk on it 's knees once again . 
  do n't get any in your hair . 
   the uk fully planned on using gas attacks should germany invade . 
  but both sides had considered the use of the weapons on each too dangerous during the war . 
  does n't that kind of validate my point ? 
  germany did n't resort to gas attacks even when defeat was on their doorstep . 
  `` brutal imperialists again ? 
  right ... sure i 'll get the fertilizer you lads start making detonators . '', 
   european countries --  israel, 
  mutually assured destruction is n't really a deterrent for conventional war only nuclear war . 
  i wonder if the protesters will start using real bullets too . 
  / r/europe is terrible at handling trolls . 
  so much naivety . 
  cut the wire between the continents !, 
  the only reason making negotiations public would undermine the process is if they were going to try and make a deal the public , the people they represent , would be against . 
  what part of the syrian conflict was europe 's fault ? 
  people 's rights end where others begin . 
  i do n't want the leader they deserve though , throughout history democracy has always been ruled by the mob and the mob has been ruled by the rich . 
  i liked the prequels . 
  i was the age demographic for jar jar at the time and it got more serious as i got older so i have the same amount of nostalgia necessary to enjoy at as the sequels fans have to hate it . 
  they did realise , the doctor should be locked up for malpractice . 
  i support monarchs on the principle that if i were king i would like people to keep me in power . 
  irish president . 
  decent chap . 
   that probably applies to constitutional monarchies as well then . 
  well the monarch can still veto things , holds a lot of political influence and provides a sense of national continuity so there are points to be argued in favour of but i agree with you . 
   i prefer fixing what 's wrong with democracy over an antiquated theocracy . 
  i would agree if i thought the problems with democracy could be fixed . 
   democratic principles . 
  democracy is n't the magical political philosophy that solves all the worlds problems . 
  throughout history it 's proven to be a fairly retarded way of running a country , even athens was screwed over by it 's democracy and lost the peloponnesian war because of it . 
  monarchies , dictatorships , tyrannies and oligarchies are n't bad ways to run a country , i would much prefer a benevolent dictator or monarch to a democracy run by idiots . 
  the problem is that the condition of benevolent is fairly hard to maintain . 
  we 're just incredibly fortunate that the tide of fools and amoral kleptomaniacs has been kept under control by the far too few good men and women in our societies . 
  a democracy is not run by the people , it 's run by the mob and the mob is run by the rich . 
  a constitutional republic is just an oligarch of the wealthy hidden under the facade of voting . 
   ** abstained **  * ireland who do i need to email about this ? 
  money !, 
  depends where your data is . 
  if it 's in servers here in ireland then they must adhere to irish and eu data protection laws , if it 's in the us then it 's fair game , but it always has been . 
  so basically , while in ireland follow irish and eu law , while in the us , follow us law . 
   ireland actually does have a good history of mathematicians and physicists ( under british rule anyway ) and ireland still does , we have incredibly talented people working in a variety of mathematical fields , particularly physics and computer science , in institutions across the country . 
   what do you feel about secondary level students being forced to learn a micky mouse language ( irish ? ), 
  that has no economic benefits to the country - economically speaking ? 
  educations is n't simply economics , it 's just as much about personal development , culture and arts as it is the sciences . 
  irish probably should n't be a mandatory subject but it would be an incredible shame to destroy our heritage . 
  it 's hard to look at it that way when you 're learning it in secondary school though . 
  i 've studied in america and france and was on erasmus in the czech republic , irish people really do n't know good we have it as regards our education system , especially at third level . 
   as a student currently in secondary school in ireland then to be fair you still have a lot to learn ( no offense ) , i complained about how terrible the points system was while i was in secondary school too and it definitely is n't the best system but if you 're intelligent and work hard you are definitely going to do well . 
  there are always the people who say that points are n't a good measure of intelligence and that is true to a point , but the vast majority of these `` intelligent '' people did fuck all study and are looking for an excuse afterwards . 
  it is n't simply about people intelligent enough for a university course , it also wants to see if you are willing to work hard while you are third level and are less likely to drop out in first year . 
  not to mention that there is normally always a way to get into the course you want regardless of points . 
  through dare , entry-courses and other programmes we definitely have one of the most accommodating third level systems in the world . 
   in primary schools , religion is thought more than science that just is n't true and regardless there is only so much you can go into as regards the sciences without the foundations you pick up in maths and general science in the first three years of secondary . 
  you 're complaining that our 10 year olds are n't mathematicians . 
   the testing system we use to determine eligibility rewards people with good memories - rather than people who are actually more suited to the course as i said the points system is n't the best , however if you did n't get the course you want it 's simply because you did n't put in the work . 
  people can argue about this as much as they like but it is the simple truth . 
  no difference on a left right political scale . 
  we can have as many political parties as we want . 
  i do n't particularly want a two party `` democracy '' like the us . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lj68ak06wte ) ya go . 
  there 's an irish song about a doctor de jong and his miracle cod liver oil . 
   snow awesomeness spreads across europe fixed that for you . 
  r 'n' d , pharmaceuticals , computers , other tech heavy industry . 
  only thing they need are a well educated workforce . 
  the capacity of a human brain does n't mean the same functionality . 
  ai capable of learning and distinguishing different patterns is cutting edge at the moment but they are incapable of thinking creatively . 
  not just by our limitations as programmers but simply by the fact that computers and machines can only follow instructions we give them . 
  everything they are capable of was either programmed into them specifically or generated from original instructions in a logical manner . 
  this is a problem when any job requiring some form of judgement benefits greatly from being able to examine the decision creatively . 
  lets not even get started on ai and morality as regards judgements they may make . 
  many jobs would be safer with ai , but there are just as many where computers or machines as we understand them today simply could not function properly . 
  what does that actually have to do with letting the banks fail ? 
  yes thanks for giving us enough money to keep running till the imf got their arses in gear but the only reason england could do that is because we did n't let the banks fail ... so i 'm not entirely sure where you 're going with that . 
  if iceland had 16 times the population in did now they would be having as much trouble as us . 
  it 's nice when you only have to sort things out for a homogenous , well educated population of 300,000 . 
  their debt was nothing compared to bigger countries , the british taxpayer absorbed it when they defaulted , it was a drop in the sea , if a bigger country defaults it 's going to be a bit different . 
  yes because we would be so much less fucked up if we had allowed the banks to fail . 
  when the opposition has some sort of actual fucking plan to get us out of this mess other than `` hurr durr , eu bad '' they 'll have my vote , until then we 're doing the best we can in a shitty situation .
