the battalion retook marinka and defended mariupol . 
  i can understand why the ukrainian government supports them . 
  the eu has a smaller/less powerful air force compared to russia but in the event of escalation we have the resources , money and technical capacity to out manufacture the russian war machine . 
  its not about who has more planes , its about who runs out first . 
  actually fedoras are generally made of felted wool whereas trillbys are cheaper and can be composed of anything from polyester faux-straw to cheap linen felt . 
  cotton is actually fire retardant so whereas a neckbeard/hipster in a trillby is likely to leave behind a charred corpse and hat , a noire detective in the 1950 's would likely leave behind a charred corpse and singed hat . 
  though the likelihood of him doing something that stupid is decidedly less . 
  delusional about what ? 
  russian propaganda is n't something you support . 
  especially when it excuses something like the invasion of the ukraine . 
  i 'm not defending the americans . 
  they were joining the eu not nato . 
  no one was putting missiles anywhere ... 
  except the russians ... on their border with ukraine ... 
  yes i agree completely . 
  the ukrainian people * should n't * be allowed to democratically decide that they want to join the european union because of a decision made by the fucking soviet union . 
  you tool . 
   ireland has never truly been through war in the modern age . 
  so do n't tell me of the nation 's hardships . 
  because the average american really goes through so much hardship when they send their poor young men off to kill people in the middle east . 
  i would have imagined your country has some more important concerns a the moment . 
  also we 're semi-privatising our public water supply infrastructure though a company irish water . 
  the board of directors is made up of a bunch of friends of the current ruling party . 
  we were taxed for water as part of our income tax . 
  after the new taxes are installed income tax will not be lowered . 
  we will effectively be taxed twice for water . 
  irish water has no mandate to improve our terrible water supply infrastructure and quality with the money they are making . 
  it 's a bank it and run scenario . 
  clean all of sellafields waste out of the irish sea and we might still tell you to fuck off . 
  are you sitting on about 25 years of capacitor research ? 
  because that 's the only thing that is going to make 100 % solar viable . 
  it wo n't happen again . 
  i would say this was scotlands last chance for independence for a long long time . 
  next time there is someone campaigning for independence this referendum will be brought up and how `` scotland has already made the right choice '' . 
  they wo n't get another chance to vote unless there is a big effort made by the scottish people to show they want one . 
  marching in the streets and rallys . 
  i do n't think that will happen though because the majority of scots have just shown they are afraid of changing the status quo . 
  it 's easy to say that but scotland voted no because they are too afraid of changing the status quo . 
  the politicians who are so out of touch are n't going to change anything because frankly they 've won . 
  from the perspective of an irishman it seems like westminster treats scotland like shit though and i do n't think that will change with a no vote . 
  the no side could have had such a strong campaign but instead of opening a dialogue with the people of scotland it was a bunch of english politicians frothing at the mouth screaming about how scotland could n't have the pound and they could n't have the oil and `` after everything we 've done for scotland . '', 
  that as well as the bbc 's bias against the yes campaign just makes england look like an abusive spouse who ca n't let go . 
  tomorrow morning there will be a bunch of patronising speeches about how scotland made the right decision and how you 're better off together . 
  the promise of devolved powers will then be hung over scotland 's head for years like home rule was for the irish but ultimately nothing will change and scotland will remain tied to a government that does n't represent them and honestly gives two shits about them so long as they are quiet . 
  it would be fine if you were arguing not to amass your military on russia 's borders but ukraine `` provoked '' russia by wanting a democratic election . 
  who are you going to draft to the front line when everyone is dead ? 
  i 've met some really nice travellers in ireland of them in school or college . 
  i 've met way more asshole travellers . 
  nearly all of them in galway during the horse races . 
   nato would starve million people ? 
  if russia used nuclear weapons against a nato member i do n't think anyone would have any objections . 
  you reap what you sow . 
  its so nice to be inside listening to rain pelting the windows . 
  the ulster cycle in irish mythology is supposed to have taken place around 1ad too , if anyone outside ireland has happened to hear of c\u00fa chulainn . 
  i love how the loyalists have convinced themselves that we actually want them back too . 
  interesting read although i would have thought a writer or the editors at the new yorker would have known the difference between insure and ensure . 
  judging from the gibraltar tag you 're not exactly wrong ( how can either of us be wrong with speculation ) you 're just unwilling to look at it from the other perspective . 
  it does n't mean i 'm deluded , you just have a different bias on whether the uk is good or bad . 
   very unlikely , ni suffers from a lot of things that other parts of the uk do , i do n't think it 's credible to say that roi has some special sauce that would bring ni up to the same level or that westminster is so terrible that it dragged it down . 
  we joined the eec and the eu . 
  we were one of the first non founding members and that 's what brought us prosperity . 
  ni was n't a part of that . 
  the celtic tiger proved we had more than enough money to go around and looking at how it was spent having ni might have actually been good for * us * . 
  our competitive corporation tax would have debatably rejuvenated ni 's dying industry . 
  westminster absolutely was a distant government ( and still is , look at how the treat scotland with contempt , they straight up ignore ni until there 's trouble over flags or something ) that was completely out of touch with the problems of the country . 
  its lack of sovereignty prevented it from making decisions which would have benefited it ( joining the eec being the least of them ) . 
   the uk has been a much bigger , much stronger economy and has pumped copious amounts of money and political capital into ni the whole time . 
  ni is only a sinkhole because british politicians prefer to pump money into it rather than make policy changes that would make ni more economically competitive at the expense of mainland britain . 
   it 's pretty pointless to have a conversation about this because we 'll just trade atrocities as if it was some sort of proof . 
  both sides have a lot to answer for but that does n't change the fact that the government of another sovereign state ( roi ) , was funding and harbouring terrorism against civilians in british territory both in in ni ( where more than half the population wanted to remain british ) and on mainland uk . 
  both sides were horrible , no one is going to argue that but irish nationalism and resistance was entirely reactionary and much more discriminatory than british persecution . 
   regardless of what you think of that , the real problem with it is that all along , the people in power in roi never actually wanted to reunify with the north ( and still do n't for that matter ) , so in that light the lengths they went to to destabilise ni and encourage the conflict is pretty despicable imo . 
  that is a lot of hearsay and while i wo n't deny the irish government was slow to investigate paramilitaries on our side of the border , to say that we outright supported it in an effort to destabilise ni is just speculation . 
  it could be true but we 'll never know and it spits in the face of the efforts made by the irish government to bring the good friday agreement to fruition . 
  as for the wished of the ni people . 
  today the majority want to stay but during the troubles there was never a referendum and no polls that were n't biased towards loyalists . 
  there was an irish catholic majority that was suffering real persecution at the hands of british rule and to brush over their plight is just revisionism . 
  `` its ok now , it was always ok . not as bad as people say , just a few bad eggs . '', 
  a sentiment shared by the british ruling class towards a lot of its former colonies . 
  i always laugh at how english politicians treat scotland with so much contempt . 
   you would be significantly poorer because roi is much less equipped to handle the financial drain that ni was/is , whereas the uk is big enough to do so relatively comfortably . 
  ireland was dirt poor until a few decades ago i do n't think ni would be the drain it was if it developed along with us instead of suffering through the troubles and being governed by a distant westminster . 
   i mean that 's a bit of an ugly way to describe your northern brethren but your elites have never truly wanted ni , a fact that puts roi 's involvement in the conflict ( state sponsored terrorism ) up there with `` the stain of british imperialism '' . 
  i was just speaking hypothetically but its unfair to blame the irish government for what happened . 
  let 's not forget the british are the reason it happened and their `` state sponsored terrorism '' was a lot more blunt directly at the hands of the british army and black and tans . 
  i wonder what it would be like if we got the whole north back in 1921 . 
  its strange to think that in a time where relations between ireland and the uk have never been better there is still an ugly stain left by british imperialism on the psyche of the north . 
  watch your pockets on the larger streets like o'connell 's and in touristy areas in dublin ( temple bar ) . 
  do n't worry too much its as safe as any other city in europe and i doubt you 'll have any trouble in the country . 
  oh and temple bar is fun to have a pint in but all the tourist areas are overpriced ( its already expensive ) , get drunk some where else or you 'll have an empty wallet in the morning !, 
  have fun !, 
  not only that but they hack a random african charity 's twitter to make a comment about a british authors opinion regarding scottish independence . 
  seems legit . 
  yeah because making a reddit post about how shocking and horrible this is will make such a huge difference . 
  might as well be arguing about tags . 
  plato 's republic ? 
  even if that is true , it 's still no excuse for a police force to fire indiscriminately on the people they 're meant to protect . 
  the british government did n't ban protesting and remove human rights . 
  they just had riot police out until it all calmed down . 
  they did n't escalate anything .
