  apparently running over 5 people and getting shot without ( hopefully ) killing anyone is enough to cause a panic in western cowards . 
  i 'm sure terrorist organisations around the world are rethinking their budget as we speak . 
  who needs guns or a plan ? 
  just a mentally ill person and a second hand car . 
   people are suffering and frightened they are ? 
  my condolences to the victims and their families , i hope no one was killed , but there is no reason for anyone to be frightened . 
  i do n't think that 's blood . 
  so what is the short name for patricia in the us then ? 
   and color is how you spell colour in america . 
  and aluminum is how you spell aluminium . 
  and patty is how you spell paddy , since it 's short for patrick and not padrig . 
  no patty is short for patricia , we 've already been over that . 
  spain is the english translation of espa\u00f1ola . 
  patty is the contraction of the name patricia . 
  paddy is the contraction of the name p\u00e1draig , which translates in english to patrick it 's not the same . 
  i do n't know what country celebrates st.patricia 's day but it seems quite popular among the americans . 
   irish are atheist liberals now . 
  remind everyone befrore the abortion refferendum . 
  not like israel is trying to improve relations with us , especially considering their ambassador is insane . 
  not legally , but it 's government policy and the will of the people to remain neutral . 
  we are a neutral nation yet we allowed imperialist war mongers to use our infrastructure to fight a war which has resulted in the deaths of at least 210,000 innocent iraqi , afghani and pakistani civilians . 
  that and the us has definitely used shannon to break the geneva convention ( which i know they never bothered to ratify ) , transporting kidnapped victims to black sites without trials or any accountability . 
  they would not even allow us to inspect the aircraft flying through so we do n't have a single leg to stand on when we try to claim that they abided the arbitrary conditions we set to try and salvage our neturality . 
  good . 
  it 's a travesty alone that we got on our knees to let the us use shannon . 
  we 're party enough to the state of the middle east right now . 
    it will probably be won on the pledge to rejoin the eu   i do n't think scotland can unilaterally decide that you say that as if the eu wo n't accept them back as quick as humanly possible . 
  - edit - lots of angry englishmen below . 
  centrists are too apathetic to the problems of the world to actually fix any . 
   france should be careful . 
  however if it is taken as witch hunt , this will only make her joan de arc in the eyes of her supporters and other people . 
  those morons are already beyond help . 
  you ca n't argue with fascists , only defeat them . 
  if i was detained by a tyrannical foreign government , i 'd appreciate my countrymen having an all-caps level of concern for me . 
   the future is bleak if we ca n't get talking again . 
  the problem is that the left never stopped talking , never stopped trying to compromise or work and every 2-4 years we 're asked to lower our bar even further for the sake of our right wing `` brothers '' who are simply getting more and more reactionary , incendiary and more extremist so that there can be political and national `` unity '' or a dialogue . 
  how far do we have to lower our standards before the right is willing to * listen * . 
   are they this stupid , that they do n't see the irony ? 
  their supporters are, 
   a bit too obivous to be effective bait . 
  if they could n't figure out `` born in the usa '' was satire , i doubt they 'll pick up on this . 
  especially seeing as they voted for a man who literally said it . 
  oh no , some fascists got hurt !, 
   when most eu countries have a unusually high influx of immigrants ? 
  for most if not all eu countries recent immigrants are a drop in the demographic bucket , no matter what certain interests would have you believe . 
  the wheels are going to turn until the cart finds somewhere to stop . 
  it just means we are n't there yet . 
  oh yeah , got the two mixed up . 
  definitely bonkers . 
   i would n't say mao was a maniac . 
  he started out as an intelligent revolutionary , then lost his mind sometime before the cultural revolution . 
   sure there are many decent people among them , but also many assholes with no/bad education and plently of cultural and religious bagage . 
  `` when mexico sends its people , they 're not sending their best . 
  they 're not sending you . 
  they 're not sending you . 
  they 're sending people that have lots of problems , and they 're bringing those problems with us . 
  they 're bringing drugs . 
  they 're bringing crime . 
  they 're rapists . 
  and some , i assume , are good people . '' - us president donald trump . 
  do you people even realise the shit that comes out of your mouth ? 
   all that goes out the window when feels override the reals or when france bombs libya into the ground and a us led coalition of european countries tears the middle east a new arse over the course of a decade ? 
  or are we going to ignore how much we are at fault for this situation in which people with a conscience , `` feels '' as you put it , think we should be helping people in need ? 
  there was a phase of irish people going to cyprus instead of greece on holidays during the 00 's, 
  how many englishmen died fighting irish invaders in britain ? 
  during the siege of drogheda , the irish forces surrendered to cromwell under terms that they could leave the city safely . 
  as soon as they left the garrison they were masscred by english forces . 
  who raped and pillaged the town . 
  what do both these stories have to do with anything being discussed ? 
  the fuck if i know . 
  our national institutions , which have existed since those actions , owe a debt as they , and our societies , profited off their exploitation . 
  you as an individual are not guilty , but if you want to live with a clear conscience , go off to the woods because the institutions that make up your modern life profited on the exploitation of those poorer . 
  are you so dense , ignorant and perspectiveless that you can not understand the harm done by one generation can affect later ones ? 
  ireland is fine , i 'm not complaining about that . 
  arguing that third world countries ( especially former colonial ones ) are in the state they are , purely because of the actions of their inhabitants , is just benighted . 
  it 's not your , or their fault that you were born in the country you were . 
  just do n't get pissy when someone says that first world countries have a moral imperative to help third world contries , especially ones we have exploited . 
  you can choose to disagree , just accept that you 're being an asshole . 
  when people decided it was morally acceptable to look at desperate people and think `` haha , fuck them . '', 
  nothing new for the british though . 
  when people decided it was morally acceptable to look at desperate people and think `` haha , fuck them . '', 
  nothing new for the british though . 
  i feel like the best thing we can do is to keep quiet and give trump four years to educate them on how stupid they are . 
  the right in general does not listen to reason and wo n't adopt a position they have n't been made to feel like they 've come up with themselves . 
  because the results would be less shocking . 
   do you see the left voting for [ this guy ? 
  ] ( http://terrainsdeluttes.ouvaton.org/wp-content/uploads/2014/06/fillon.jpg ) geez ... that depends ... do you have any guillotines left ? 
  jesus he 's the last thing europe needs by the sound of his policies . 
  anti-gay , pro-corporate shill . 
  basically a us republican , just much better dressed . 
  its on duolingo . 
  you can pick up a few of the basics for free on it . 
   i just this semester took a class in gaelic scottish , manx or irish ? 
  i 'm saying if we do n't * try * to be better , things will never actually get better . 
  things in yugoslavia are better these days right ? 
  might have been nice if you 'd had human rights a few decades ago . . 
  would you vote for ff or fg ? 
  the pro-treaty parties abandoned irish people in northern ireland to persecution and murder . 
   we do n't have a party that supports their legacy or justifies their murder . 
  the british government ?
