   you have . 
  where did he ? 
  we 're not criticising europeans , we 're criticising assholes . 
  do n't want immigrants ? 
  fine , but do n't spread fucking lies and bigoted , racist hatred about them . 
  these commenters are n't disagreeing , they 're vitriolic and * disgusted * by these people . 
  it 's sickening . 
  you voting for trump yeah ? 
  could have family or friends who fled to hungary ? 
  nope , people who 've witnessed years of war and death could only possibly be entitled . 
  you fucking bigoted morons . 
   tell that to rotherham/luton/countless other uk cities , libtard are n't you french ? 
  how do you know what it 's really like ? 
  and sure , go ahead and blame refugees . 
  it 's easier than finding the real root of social and economic problems . 
  just like ever other pogrom , you 're fueled by your own ignorance . 
   libtard says it all ... * bonne chance , au revoir *, 
  if he 's an eu citizen he 's free to work and live there as long as he wants though right ? 
  a refugee might get a house and a job but be deported as soon as their status expires . 
  your life is n't fucked up . 
  stop being petulant and dramatic . 
  nice argument . 
  you know there 's a war going on right ? 
  i wo n't argue , there 's no point ... 
  i just feel sorry for you . . 
  so much hate . 
  `` i think they should stay and get killed in a pointless war , i know i certainly would . 
  who cares if their kid gets a future or an education , or even has all their limbs . '', 
  what were their chances of getting full residency in poland ? 
  or at least status beyond a refugee . 
  anyone know the law in that regard ? 
  it baffles me that people on this sub believe refugees would leave a house and a job and head for a fucking refugee camp out of `` laziness '' rather than trying to find a more plausible reason . 
  people here need a dose of common sense . 
  they fled the length of the continent , they 're definitely not lazy . 
   to anyone else it 's a pain in the ass do n't kid yourself . 
  many of us have a moral compass . 
   `` as sweet as outdoor sex can be . '', 
   happy happy memories of my youth . 
  a sneaky ride in a muddy field surrounded by empty cans of dutch gold ? 
  no , those ones are yours please . 
  we 'll happily take the filthy irish taigs though . 
  you 're a guy called red pill dessert and a white supremacists to boot ... 
  i 'm more afraid of people like you invading ireland than i am of sub saharan africans . 
  fucking hell you care more about the irish accent then you do human lives , are you psychotic ? 
  abbots government is keeping a lot of statistics secret , probably to make it look more effective than it actually is ( though i 'm sure it is somewhat effective ) . 
  there 's also the questions surrounding the australian cough-detention centres-cough processing centres they 're holding people in . 
  let 's not be too keen to follow their model . 
  he 's like fucking 14 or something `` c4 '' , `` special forces units '' . 
  kids been spending too long on cod and stormfront forums . 
  luckily the vast , vast majority of irish people in real life are incredibly sympathetic towards people who are suffering like the syrian refugees , and aside from asshats like you who only give a shit about the homeless when it 's an excuse to complain about refugees , irish people want to do our best to help both the homeless and the syrians . 
  we are a prosperous first world nation who are among the highest per capita charitable countries on the planet . 
  so please , have a tiny bit of humanity and empathy . 
  stop being so selfish . 
  they remind me of american christians . 
  whiny and ` persecuted ' . 
  but i guess that 's the nature of stormfront brigades . 
  you people are insane , holy shit , go back to stormfront please . 
  because people need help and we can help them . 
  i meant cant , my bad . 
  you 've already decided it ca n't be fixed , from your rhetoric and how much you enjoyed the little handjob / u/hopelesz just gave you there , you 're not going to take any suggestions seriously . 
  you can rebuild a country with a military occupation while you 're still hunting down and bombing people in it . 
  - edit - ca n't , caaaa n't, 
  any examples of where we 've tried without airstrikes ? 
  or are you saying it 's impossible simply because you prefer to think we ca n't ? 
    when it was out of context statistics and unfounded lies about how refugees will ruin europe . 
   statistics for amount of money spent per refugee , increased crime levels , examples of existing migrant ghettoes are `` out of context '' ? 
  no one ever actually posts these statistics by the way . 
  you just say they exist . 
  you can provide some if you like . 
  i did n't see much complaining when it was out of context statistics and unfounded lies about how refugees will ruin europe . 
   it 's a completely empty statement . 
  use foreign aid money to fix origin countries ? 
  i 'm sorry but syria , libya , nigeria , you name it can not be fixed by europe . 
  it 's arrogant to think so . 
  so we can break them but we ca n't put them back together ? 
  or is that simply your unfounded opinion ? 
  this is the most reasonable response i 've ever seen to the crisis on / r/europe this subreddit has gone insane . 
  people are absolutely heartless and worse , are completely ignorant . 
  it really makes me sad . 
  thanks for this . 
  it was always the guy with the backpack !, 
  reddit you were never wrong !, 
  i did n't say it was only hardcore right , just that the only organised brigading groups that invade / r/ireland are far right ( stormfront et al ), 
  what do you mean ? 
  just like / r/europe , / r/ireland regularly gets invaded by hardcore right wing groups . 
  if you asked most real irish people , we are happy to be part of the eu and do think we should be helping more with european immigration . 
  interesting perspective from the united states of all the way over there across the atlantic . 
  the new system still is n't projected to cover it 's operating costs . 
  much less provide water or improve the system . 
  is still just a cash grab for the cronies . 
  `` consultants '' are expensive . 
   australian model now , thank you . 
  this chaos ca n't continue for much longer . 
  how much has your life been personally inconvenienced by refugees and migrants ? 
  just out of curiosity . 
  if we 're afraid of the brown people we 'll vote for the people who 'll keep us safe from them . 
  it 's all bullshit . 
  we 're very against getting lumped in with the commonwealth anyway , british rule in ireland was never a good thing . 
  because if i crash my car i might live but if something happens during takeoff 300 people will die . 
  mobs have been a part of democracy since its inception , its a relatively modern idea that democracy is limited to quiet , easily ignored protests inside pre-designated free speech zones at arranged hours with government approval .
