   while living in the safest and most prosperous societies in the world in the recorded history of mankind . 
  people would have said this throughout human history . 
  it could have been an argument against emancipation , against democracy and constitutions , against womens suffrage against feudalism . 
  people are not content that someone can be sailing in a luxury yacht while a mother of three with two jobs is barely scraping by . 
   you should probably think twice before trying to fix any issues lets think twice , but lets at least think about it . 
  there is no coherent public discourse about wealth inequality or how it can be fixed . 
  especially when people use arguments like :  living in the safest and most prosperous societies in the world the fact of the matter is that people are not content to be exploited , no matter how adequate * you * percieve their lives to be in comparison to a poor person in a third world country . 
  so unless we openly talk about it , unless we take steps to resolving it , you are just fermenting an undercurrent of dissatisfaction with the current system . 
  those with power and wealth need to accept that they will have to give some of it up to make the world more fair or eventually they will end up like louis xvi . 
  look at income inequality between the wealthy and the working class . 
  just because the working class are n't living in mud huts does n't mean it 's remotely acceptable . 
   trump winning the e.c so handily logically favors him . 
  it does n't when you look at the demographics of voters . 
  a particular type of person voted for trump . 
  that favours the ec but not popular vote . 
  hillary was america 's choice . 
  trump was the ec 's choice . 
  more people voted for hillary . 
  damn , i could use a days sleep . 
  living the dream , man . 
  yeah but no cloud cover means its feckin freezing . 
  take that denmark !, 
  maybe those vikings should have left with an education rather than all our gold !, 
  ( just joking , we < 3 you . ), 
  to be fair to enda , he 's taken a harder stance against the vatican than any politician we 've had in power before . 
  i 've been trying to point this out all over the place but keep getting downvoted below the comment threshold , abortion is illegal unless the life of the mother is threatened , in which case the life of the mother precedes that of the foetus . 
  the doctor needs to be charged with medical misconduct . 
   belongs interesting choice of wording . 
  can someone explain to me what else greece can do other than austerity ? 
  they are spending more than they are making in tax and most of their debt is foreign . 
  they leave the euro , they 're saddled with a currency no one wants , that will pretty much become instantly worthless and wo n't get anymore money from the eu to keep running the country , they decide to screw their creditors and write off the debt then no-one is going to lend money to them and instead of reducing their spending through austerity programs everything will just collapse because there is no money to run anything . 
  i got ta get me one of those ... 
   states and regions should separate , merge and exchange territories not a snowball 's chance in hell . 
  i 've never heard a liberal/conservative discussion in ireland before , we just do n't think about politics like that . 
  it 's very mixed i think , socially liberal but kinda financially conservative ( or at least we are now . ), 
  scientology ftw . 
  because i know this is going to make people explode i 'm going to point out that he 's a troll , only way to get rid of him is to downvote him and anyone who replies . 
  other than that ignore him , the more attention they get the more trolls will appear and we already have enough . 
  it 's just a troll , we have a lot of them round these parts , 90 % of the racist homophobes on / r/europe are just trying to rustle jimmies ( or at least that 's what i think the kids are calling it these days ) . 
  the more subscribers a sub-reddit gets the shittier it gets . 
  not even / r/europe will be spared . 
  either bar new readers or watch it circle down the drain . 
  that or some heavy , heavy moderation . 
  awesome list , i would also include : * [ lola rennt ( run lola run ) ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0130827/ ) ( germany , 1998 ), 
  well done germany . 
  knew there was a much bigger strain on organisations like the svdp the last few years but i did n't know it was this bad . 
  so are they switching to other renewables or back to fossil fuels ? 
  because that would likely be the stupidest thing you could ever do . 
  [ feels . 
  ] ( http://t1.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:and9gcsc6v0fqwo_-rok6kbudhjt-xrioht8sxeshfqrukjp7jklff_j6eurfki ), 
  what a waste , why not just lower quotas for the next year or two and then spend all the money they threw away buying up this fish to compensate fishermen ? 
  please tell me the cctv footage was leaked . 
  conventional war in the sense of a well trained and equipped turkish military steam-rolling what remains of the syrian armed forces . 
  lets put a shamrock on their somewhere . 
  ( i think i lost my irish citizenship suggesting that ... ), 
  im surprised how many people on / r/europe do n't realise gypsies/roma/travellers act like outcasts because we 've treated them like that for hundreds of years . 
  building a halting site and telling them to get jobs wo n't mend a culture of hostility that 's lasted centuries . 
  their misdeeds annoy me too but you ca n't force change on people . 
  zis is simply magnificent . 
  ah , sure it 's always on google translate if we need it . 
  but really , i do n't think there is much chance of irish dying . 
  there is a big culture around it and there will always be jobs for irish teachers so long as it 's taught in schools . 
  and going on from that point there are a surprising amount of people doing it in uni for extra credits or as a required language subject seeing as they already know it from school . 
  attendance in gaelscoils is also rising and if they change the way it 's taught in primary and secondary i think a lot more people would end up knowing more than c\u00fapla focal . 
  everyone lost , some just lost more than others . 
  good . 
  just as a question , how would you solve the extremist problem islam has ? 
  if we continue to be non-confrontational they 'll continue blowing people up for no reason indefinitely , just like they have been doing for quite a while now . 
  so what would this mean for neutral countries ? 
  when iceland defaulted other countries got landed with their debt . 
  i feel bad for the decent muslims , looking at how angry they get from a nobody making a stupid film i can easily see them lynching anyone who tries to be the moderate voice within islam . 
   is that bad , or less common in european countries ? 
  my english teacher in secondary school ( high school ) , in his late 20 's , went out on grad night with a group of 4th , 5th and 6th years to a pub , then onto a club , owned the dance floor for 2 hours and then retreated with a smaller group to a house party and had sex with the art teacher . 
  was the most popular teacher in school the next year . 
  `` germany and pals '' . 
  it can be just like old times !, 
  ( joking ), 
   give individuals the power to sue . 
  hopefully earning powers like that wo n't turn europe into the `` united states of sue your ass '' . 
  fishing rights were a big issue for us as well and we got a pretty good deal even if it is n't as good as we wanted . 
   we 'll see what iceland gets if they end up joining . 
  wo n't be for a long , long time if britain has anything to say about it considering what iceland 's recovery `` miracle '' did to their taxpayers . 
  look at this persons comment history people , look . 
  who the hell is actually upvoting this troll ? 
  i sincerely hope it 's just a group of troll accounts supporting each other but looking at the shit that 's been upvoted in this subreddit recently it seems / r/europe is on it 's way down the toilet . 
  can we get a handle on troll/racism accounts , propaganda spam accounts and stop downvoting people who are legitimately contributing to an argument before it 's too late ? 
  look at his comment history , he has n't made one post anywhere that has n't been a vitriolic defence of isreal . 
   downvotes , really ... 
  i 've noticed a lot , especially in the last two weeks , the subreddit has become more interested in maintaining a homogeneous hivemind rather than encouraging discussion . 
  but it happens to every subreddit as their population increases . 
  / r/europe is just on it 's way to becoming the new / r/worldnews, 
  wow 8 upvotes ? 
  this subreddit has gotten more racist and generally shitter the more people have subscribed to it . 
  take it to / r/worldnews . 
  well i just looked them up on a map and it seems to me like they 're exactly where macedonian tribe originated from . 
  maybe slightly more west but definitely closer to ancient macedonia than athens is . 
  and $ 20 phone credit . 
  i see you are gracious in victory . 
   to protect germany from the environmentally destructive atom . 
  damn those atoms !,
