  i do n't begrude anyone born ulster scots in my generation . 
  they did n't do anything terrible ( apart from maybe if they vote dup and drop the collective iq of n.i about 50 points ) . 
  they 're just trying to live their lives like me . 
  but even go back two generations and to identify as irish in n.i would have led to huge discrimination from the police and from the political establishment . 
  people forget that there was a reason the ira operated with a lot of civilian support into the early 80 's . 
  the scars have n't healed yet . 
  hell , ireland 's population has n't recovered to pre-famine levels and we can definitely blame the planters for that . 
  to celebrate what the ulster scots have done is to celebrate achievements painted with the blood and suffering of the native irish people over a few hundred years . 
  i 'm not saying its their fault today , i 'm just saying their ancestors definitely should not be celebrated . 
  so everything that happened to ireland was fine because it was good for the uk ? 
  i mean ... well . . never mind , some self awareness regarding ireland is a little too much to ask from most loyalists and english people . 
  no evidence this was kurds yet but you 're not a true turkish patriot unless you blame them for every tragedy . 
    i mean we should n't have settled ireland in the first place  the ulster scots have made amazing contributions to this country and the world . 
  pity they have n't made such a great contribution to mine . . planters and oppressors . 
  to pretend that what your ancestors did to ireland was a good thing is honestly pretty disgusting . 
  four irish guys walk into a hotel in egypt ... 
  and they 're going to be happy to keep doing it while all those billions are going into the checking accounts of lockheed martin execs . 
  war makes rich americans rich . 
  we 're in trouble when their ruling class view american lives as more valuable than american dollars but it does n't look like we need to worry about that for a long time . 
  lol . 
  is it typical for pro-lifers to be pro-child abuse and pro-suicide too ? 
  the reason men end up paying child support from the irish judicial perspective is because they will always rule on what i 'd best for the * child * . 
  i do n't want to get stuck paying child support for a child i did n't want to have , but it 's not the kids fault it was born and regardless of what is best for the parents , it 's best for society if the child is supported . 
  could also be that the girl is bring threatened by her parents to call it rape . 
  she 's only 16 so she 's still young enough to be afraid of her parents . 
  if they 're pissed off enough to press charges on the lad they 're bound to be screaming at her behind closed doors . 
  if i 'd lost my home and livelihood i 'd definitely sell an old statue to support my family . 
  the extremist left is just as bad as the extremist right . 
  but just like an unfounded breitbart article , i ca n't argue against your anecdotes . 
  i 've never seen someone who was n't legitimately racist be shamed for what they 've said . 
  i am however being down voted by people who think i should n't say that leaving a dead pig to threaten people is n't civil or european . 
  so the extremist left are n't the only ones tying to shame and silence people . 
   it 's just an act of protest , it 's offensive but welcome to europe how has europe sank so low that this is what we 've resigned ourselves to ? 
  a dead pig was left on the construction site of a mosque in an attempt to intimidate a division of european citizens , and our response is either to praise it or to pass it off as `` one more day in europe '' . 
  are we holding every muslim accountable for the crimes of some ? 
  i very much doubt you will lose your job for voicing your opinion civilly . 
  leaving dead pigs lying around , not so much . 
  if the majority of society is willing to make you an outcast for expressing your opinion you might want think about how you are presenting it or whether your message is really civil in the first place . 
  just curious , would you feel the same way if someone nailed a dead dog to her door ? 
  i do n't think this is acceptable at all . 
  it 's not civil protest it 's meant to be intimidating and the `` protestors '' are too cowardly to actually show their faces and argue their cause . 
  we have an open border into the uk through ni and the trade agreements we have will still stand i wager . 
  we will also still have free trade and movement through the eu . 
  the uk is a huge trading partner with ireland and i do n't want to dismiss the source , but it 's hard to believe without them saying * why * they predict a fall in gdp . 
   ireland ignoring the eu and chugging along . 
  most likely . 
  any trade agreements with the uk would garner a response similar to our corporation tax . 
  grumbling but not enough to draw ire . 
  the country that stands to lose the most trade wise is the uk as they would need to renegotiate most of the eu treaties they benefit under . 
  all i 'm saying is that i would feel bad considering the huge amount of pressure england put on scotland to stay in the uk . 
  it does n't really work the other way around . 
  not sure about the welsh but all the scottish polls i 've seen have been in favour of staying in the eu . 
  i wonder how they 'll feel about their last referendum if the english vote drags them out with them . 
  you suggest we need a number 2 ? 
  potato is love , potato is life . 
  australian prison guards are coercing the women into sex . 
   what 's your opinion to such living conditions ? 
  should there be any changes or do you think it 's a good immigrant deterrent ? 
  you think its acceptable to rape and torture people because its a fucking deterrent to * migration * . 
  are you completely out of your fucking mind ? 
  so there 's no evidence , this crime was never reported , it probably did n't happen . 
  and a bunch of nazi scumbags are trying to attack some refugees . 
  typical of the right wing movement at the moment i guess . 
  and axes and knives . 
  did they know who they were looking for ? 
  could they identify him in a crowd , did they have a plan ? 
  were they going to murder him ? 
  everyone wants the police to investigate the rape but attacking a refugee center is not acceptable . 
  and besides that , they are neo nazis ( polish ones for some absurd reason ) and i ca n't find any evidence this is a retaliation . 
  ca n't find an article on the rape , i do n't even think these men knew the victim . 
  they 're just nazi scum who wanted to attack refugees . 
  sidestepping the question ? 
  how many innocent people were these men going to attack ? 
  and how many innocent people did these terrorists care about hurting before they got to them ? 
  or is there no such thing as an innocent brown person in your opinion ? 
  that makes sense . 
  interesting choice of tank considering it 's service history anyway ... 
   if they were actually suggesting violence to stop immigration that might be considered racism or hounding , -  ( in other words , use the military to keep those immigrants out ) . 
  i applaud your mental gymnastics . 
  security theater . 
  there is no real threat to people outside of the gangs and the garda\u00ed are n't going to catch anyone this way . 
  a waste of everyone 's time . 
  this situation does n't seem so weird . 
  the state should prosecute rapists but as it stands there does n't really seem to be a case against them and the victim is happy to settle . 
  if it goes to trial and they 're proved innocent she might get nothing . 
  does n't feel right with no trial but i guess it 's pragmatic . 
  how many innocent italian lives is access to the suez worth ? 
  there 's less of us and even then i 'd wager we 're less prone . 
  not saying we do n't have our own shower of cunts , or that every english person is like this . 
  just that no nationality does it quite as well as the english . 
  the english are the worst craic . 
  if you 're ever on holidays you can always spot them . 
  shirtless , overweight , bald , burned red , scowling and shouting at staff that do n't speak english while carrying a half empty pint . 
  you never notice the nice ones because they 're quiet , reserved and standing politely in line somewhere . 
  if we 're taking about ratios , the british security forces were more terrorist than the ira by your own figures . 
  more civilians than paramilitaries killed . 
  i do n't think you would be happy with how reasonable a policy would likely emerge from that . 
  for being arab or for being a known terrorist ? 
  because the paris attackers were known , their location was known , but they were not arrested . 
  if they 're not on a wanted list they 'll get their stamp and go through customs .
