  they 've managed to keep a massive population nearly completely isolated and brainwashed in the information era while they live in extreme opulence . 
  what part of this could stupid people do . 
  the worst mistake you could make is to underestimate someone . 
  they are n't fools , that 's for certain, 
  i doubt most of it is sincere racism , just trolls . 
   the ira have been killing innocent english civilians since 1850 the ira did n't even exist then and should we start the clock on the english government murdering irish civilians at ~ 1170 or 1350 ? 
  because it only stopped once the black and tans packed up and left . 
  maybe the ira will give you 's an apology once the monarchy gives us one . 
  as am i. celts unite . 
  there is also a further distinction between bogger and culchie . 
  the latter living in the country and the former being strange beast-like humanoids who arise from the bogs of the north-western and border counties . 
  if you still cut turf , chances are you 're a bogger . 
  this sounds like a job for captain hindsight !, 
  do n't give the trolls the attention they are looking for , do n't even reply . 
  all rise for the youtube national anthem . 
  generally in the irish media , football refers to [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=teabwrdb9xu ) . 
  look at it another way , say greece was still on the drachma and any financial aid from europe was severed . 
  how long would it take for the country to go bankrupt ? 
  sure they could keep printing more money but they had better hope they do n't have to import any food or essentials ( how are those oil reserves ? ), 
  because the cost of those would break the household 's back . 
  they still have the issue of balancing the budget , even if they are n't part of the euro . 
  how do they do it if not by austerity ? 
  why are all the anti-austerity people allowing millions of people to suffer because they do n't want to release their magical plan to fix everything ? 
  they seem to be the real bad guys here . 
  seriously though , nobody likes austerity , i do n't like losing half my paycheck but if we were on the punt and greece was on the drachma we would still be in the financial shitter . 
  what can you do to balance a budget other than austerity ? 
  lots of people like to moan about it but i do n't think i 've ever actually seen a proper plan , with valid statistics showing another method . 
  that 's unfair , most cultures did n't discriminate as regards to slaves , white slaves , black slaves , they can all be slaves . 
  the americans tended to get a bit picky though . 
  just going to jump in here , while we are legally obliged to be hostile towards the remnants of imperial britain , we irish are secretly jealous of all the cool traditions and ceremonies surrounding the monarchy . 
  plus she seems like a nice old lady . 
  ca n't we just set up some isp 's in antarctica and be done with the whole issue ? 
  i live near the castle ( [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/trim_castle ) one if anyone is interested ) where the execution scene and some of the battles were shot . 
  there 's a story that goes around of when the producers got a bunch of locals to dress up as peasants for the scene where wallace is killed , they gave them fake soft vegetables to throw at mel but a couple of people snuck potatoes in to throw at him . 
  long story short he was n't pleased , voices were raised and he retired to his trailer for a while . 
  i 've heard it from loads of people but whether or not it 's true , i do n't know . 
  i was only about 3 at the time . 
  well in irish a ford would be an \u00c1th , for example dublin is baile \u00c1tha cliath , baile meaning town and \u00c1th cliath referring to a fording point on the liffey . 
  wexford and waterford were anglicised from their viking names though so fjord was changed to ford even if it was incorrect . 
  i thought the official first language was lies . 
  all our politicians are fluent . 
  if we 're going with imaginary languages why not something cool like klingon ? 
  clearly because he thinks having a worthless currency that makes importing food and other necessities very expensive is a good idea . 
  people wo n't suddenly have more money , they will just suddenly have to pay a lot more for essentials . 
  it 's the unfortunate reality of reddit and the internet , the more popular a site or subreddit becomes the shitter it gets . 
  the smaller the community the less assholes it has and the more trolls ca n't be arsed to bother it . 
  the last 5k-10k subs have hit this place hard . 
   loyalists feel that their culture , heritage , rights to parade are under sustained attack shoe 's not so nice when it 's on the other foot ? 
   investigations into the past have also focused on the security forces and loyalists whilst the ira and sinn fein ( who murdered over 2000 people ) refuse to engage with enquiries . 
  difference is that the ira murdering people is an established fact while the loyalists and security forces deny that they got away with murdering nationalists for decades . 
  the bloody sunday debacle proves that , nationalists have only started to get justice for the atrocities committed by they loyalists and `` security '' forces . 
  if germany won wwii , would you call yourself british or german ? 
   it 's the uk flag of which northern ireland is a part of . 
  yeah but for all intents and purposes that is land that was conquered , northern ireland did n't decide to become part of the uk , it 's the part that was n't given back . 
  i 'm not trying to start an argument here and i 'm not saying ni should unify with ireland , i do n't really think there is a solution at this point but the fact is that a democratic process was used to decide to take the flag down and the unionists are acting up because the votes of nationalists are n't being ignored anymore like in the good old days . 
  this is / r/europe , where mass generalisations and inflammatory comments have been cool since 15k subs . 
  not even going to try anymore , the subreddit is gone to shit , there used to be intelligent discussion now it 's just a place for monkeys to hurl shit at each other . 
  exactly , who do you think put the economy in the toilet ? 
  definitely was n't the british . 
  damn irish , ruining ireland . 
  so you can have an experienced , hard worker doing a more importand job ? 
  a promotion is n't a present , it 's earned . 
  you rape our country for centuries and you wo n't even let us have father ted ... [ :( ] ( http://i.imgur.com/di6u1.gif ), 
   edit : boston . 
  [ it 's pronounced chowdah frenchie . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y9mlykmfl_a ), 
  i 'm not going to generalise but i feel like the people who make these sort of threads complaining about racism have little to no experience with the internet at large . 
  these people are n't some massive racist , hate spewing portion of the / r/europe community , they 're just trolls trying to get a reaction or some attention . 
  it 's a part of internet culture and the only way to deal with them are to downvote and ignore , something i 've been saying since this subreddit started creeping over the 1.5 k sub mark but still you 'll find people replying to them giving them the attention they 're looking for . 
  we do n't have a racism problem , i 'm sure there are racists but they are n't the ones ( the majority of the time ) making these comments . 
  we just have a problem with trolls and people who do n't have enough common sense to ignore them . 
  well scotland came about from irish colonies settling in pictish land and during the plantations scottish aristocrats were given land in ulster displacing the irish living there to the west ( `` to hell or to connaught '' ) . 
  our family trees are definitely crazy . 
   thanks for the heads up . 
  - assad, 
  did n't we expel israeli embassy staff after they robbed irish passports to murder people in egypt ? 
  - edit - we did , found a source : http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2010/jun/15/ireland-israeli-envoy-quit-embassy, 
  this * is * the eurovision , i fail to see the problem . 
   it 's a completely unbalanced system , and is n't sustainable in the long term . 
  the illogical unfairness of it all is so ludicrous you 's struggle to make it up . 
  maybe build a time machine , go back 800 odd years and tell your ancestors not to brutally subjugate and terrorise your neighbours . 
  it 's not like he contributed anything anyway . 
  was just a shitpost gunning for that controversial karma . 
  i think you 've misinterpreted the facetious nature of my post . 
  if england elects ukip ( cause let 's face it , it 's the only country in the uk reactionary enough to do it ) i 'll be happier the sooner it 's no longer in the eu with us . 
  i 'm ** very ** supportive of ukip 's exit plan . 
  because if ye ever elect them , then good riddance . 
  how many unionists do you think you could get to say bloody sunday was justified ? 
  well . . 
  i do unfortunately . 
  seems a bit naive to think not . 
  and its never `` let 's kill their innocents '' or shit like that , not even for islamic extremists . 
  it 's `` taking the fight to * their * homeland . '', 
  the survey does n't actually ask anything about * suicide * bombings . 
  and you ca n't believe at least 30 % of europeans would be against bombing russia if they invaded germany and killed civilians ? 
  we have people on this subreddit ready to murder brown people because they 're trying to seek shelter here . 
  that 's tenuous at best . 
  lots of those surveys are in context of the us invasion of iraq and afghanistan . 
  i 'd be surprised if just as many european people did n't support bombings if their homeland was invaded and hundreds of thousands of innocents killed . 
    you have probably spoken that opinion in front of lots of people and none of them have labeled you a nazi .
