  we do n't watch every farmer in the middle east, 
  get on a plane and fly in . 
  it 's not like we have a big list of terrorists . 
  most of these guys are n't known until they do something , unless you want to stop * all * travel between europe an the middle east . 
  besides , the paris killers were known before the attack , they spoke about it openly on facebook , they were on a list , the police just did n't do anything . 
  these people could get in just as easily if there were no refugees . 
  perhaps even easier . 
  so do you think the migrants held an enclave outside the turkish border or on their hidden underwater staging area off the coast of sicily , to organise a mass groping of european women outside trains stations in some european cities on new years eve . 
  or did some criminal migrants sexually assault women and you are insane ? 
  and who 's comparing anything to the holocaust ? 
  good . 
  the holocaust was one of many atrocities committed on this continent . 
  no craic at all over there . 
  you 've got one life , what are you going to make of it ? 
  pretty easy to understand why europe suffered so many pogroms and attempted genocides in the past looking at the insanity of people in these threads . 
  for anyone wondering if this guy is telling the truth , according to his comment history he also believes 9/11 was an inside job and regularly sees migrants wearing `` several rolex watches '' . 
  the anti-asylum crowd really will believe anything they hear . 
   very concerned for her safety after what they 've been doing in the eu . 
  jesus christ , get a grip . 
  great argument buddy . 
  good job . 
  looks like stormfront , smells like stormfront , stupid as stormfront . 
  why does it matter if it does n't call itself stormfront . 
  might as well be . 
  do a lot of 14 year olds complain about stormfront by the way ? 
  i 'm not sure , i 'm only 12 . 
  maybe i 'm not old enough to understand your bullshit . 
   by the powers among the left , wherein all of the dusky and alien looking peoples ( wearing jeans and football club track jackets holding smartphones ) are certainly * refugees * this kind of stereotyping is dangerous too . 
  a bomb might have landed on my house or i might be an enemy of my regime but i 'm still going to wear the clothes i normally do and i 'm definitely taking my phone when i go seeking asylum . 
  not every refugee needs to have lived in a mud hut . 
  the world is getting richer . 
  do you believe that all poor people deserve to be poor ? 
  nothing she does is leftist policy . 
  you and the rest of the neo-conservative stormfronters just want to say it is because it justifies your own asinine view of things . 
  this whole right/left thing is fucking absurd . 
  are you all infected from american politics ? 
  you realise merkel is n't left ? 
  she 's conservative . 
  there are barely any left governments in europe , it 's all conservative/centrist/populist . 
   would become a piraha of the medical world . 
  at least i 'd be a pariah with an army of loyal clones . 
  i imagine the situation would have been a lot different with all the migrants integrated and spread out across europe rather than sitting outside a train station in cologne . 
  just saying . 
  fine , no one wants it until the unionists are gone anyway . 
  hard ? 
  lol they 're throwing a hissy fit because they ca n't be bigots in public anymore . 
  that 's the legacy of the `` sensible conservative white male voter '' , a whiny entitled brat . 
  they galvanize their opinions from shit tier articles like this and think the left are out to get them from the idiocy of a few people loud and stupid enough to get airtime . 
  apparently you can say `` the left '' wants to let muslims rape european women but you ca n't say `` the right '' wants to ban abortion and hang homosexuals . 
  they all do , there 's not a single honourable politician out there these days . 
  no searches between those times is n't the issue imo . 
  the thing that baffles me is that the best french and belgian police forces couldnt watch a single fucking house to see if anyone left . 
  a single house !, 
  how god awfully incompetent . 
  but loyalists . 
  as far as i know things like eraser and shred still work on ssd 's they just cause a lot of wear . 
  is there a proper way to clean an ssd ? 
  the vast majority of people . 
  i assume he means the ira in the 70 's . 
  convenient how the udf and the rest of the british pricks never get a mention . 
  how about you give hamas an iron dome and a few billion in military aid from the us each year , and they stop firing rockets from hospitals . 
  fair deal ? 
  we lack the technical innovation for nuclear ~ ~ weapons ~ ~ power . 
  he 's the competent bush of russia . 
  we hate both your countries but like most of the people in both . 
  but putin make rossiya stronk again !, 
  does n't make him wrong . 
  ca n't please everyone . 
  god forbid people disagree in a democracy . 
   armchair revolutionary cop on . 
  do n't be terrified of the terrorist boogeymen hiding under your bed . 
  they do n't exist . 
  mass surveillance of all civilian online communication shared between german , british , french and american intelligence agencies did nothing to prevent any terrorist attacks even though the paris attack was planned online . 
  you know what would prevent these attacks ? 
  the police and intelligence agencies doing their actual fucking job instead of eroding our liberties further . 
  after the attack they finally got their thumb out of their asses and used intel they had on hand , which they had gathered without these extra privileges and did some good . 
  if they were actually as concerned for our safety as they pretend , we would n't be in this situation . 
  this is security theatre . 
  nothing more . 
  bend over and drop your pants if you want , but do n't pretend this is warranted , necessary or remotely useful . 
  a russian plane which intentionally flew into turkish airspace . 
  how do you feel about your country regularly breaching other nation 's airspace ? 
  so you are saying different cultures are different ? 
  i really hope it 's just the dicks brigading this subreddit . 
  no one i speak to in real life has anything but sympathy for the refugees . 
  the problem is that you and the other war harks refuse to accept the fact that military action might make the situation worse at home and abroad . 
  calculated action is what is needed . 
  a solution , not a response . 
  the us back in the 70 's, 
   i replied to a link on breitbart and thus everything you say afterwards is irrelevant . 
  the reason you are giving that story any credit is simply because ** you want ** to believe it 's true because it fits your prejudices . 
  anyone can make things up . 
  he says , without a single example or source . 
  the romans had some of their most veteran and well equipped legions holding back the goths . 
  their defences fell due to mutiny and political infighting . 
  besides the goths were never conquered by rome . 
  syria was a roman province . 
  late roman empire would likely have been more tolerant of immigrants , especially those coming from roman provinces . 
  i wanted the article to surprise me , but nope . 
  xenophobic , bigoted * and * too ignorant of history to actually make the fucking analogy work .
