  what about the british army , security forces , the uvf/udf and all the other government funded loyalist paramilitaries ? 
  it 's fine that they killed civilians but it 's unforgivable that the ira caused civilian casualties ? 
  civilians always die in war , i wish there was no war but that 's not the world we live in . 
  the british army and security forces in northern ireland killed a higher ratio of civilians than the ira did , why do you view sinn fein as illegitimate but the british government as legitimate ? 
  they were justifiable until the good friday agreement . 
  which sf were pivitol in making happen . 
  without gerry and mcguinness there might not be peace on this island . 
   come on , we all know it was a cia plot . 
  / s for real , would anyone even be surprised if that was true at this point ? 
  does n't sound half as crazy as some of the shit the cia had done to fuck the world up . 
  1 % of people who get phimosis , not 1 % of males . 
  the wiki itself says its normal at birth and 99 % of cases resolve themselves by 16 . 
  he brought enough fire to invade russia in winter !, 
  ah so the english ruined your sense of humour . 
  just like they ruin everything else . 
   i think that many people would be surprised to learn that loyalist paramilitaries killed more civilians than republican paramilitaries , especially as awareness of republican atrocities seems to be higher . 
  british security forces killed a higher ratio of civilians than the ira did ... 
    the dup is basically isis in all but name . 
    643 upvotes . 
  the kind of dumb shit that gets said and upvoted on reddit never ceases to amaze me . 
    do n't have hyperbole up there in canada ? 
  that 's why nobody is really a centrist . 
  people usually say , `` i 'm a centrist that leans left on social issues '' or `` i 'm a centrist that leans right on economic issues '' , it basically means either they 're political nihilists or they 're happy with the status quo but would like small changes here and there . 
  you ca n't be a progressive centrist . 
  a centrist is a living embodiment of the argument to moderation fallacy . 
  i hope so too . 
  but without nuclear there is no other method to provide baseload electricity from renewable and clean methods . 
  * maybe * tidal or hydroelectric but you can not run an electric grid on just solar and wind , contrary to what most people seem to believe , you need a baseload power supply and only nuclear or fossil fuels can provide that . 
   and i 'm also extremely glad that at least on those kinds of issues our government over here is 100 % in line with the french . 
  [ not while you 're closing down nuclear power plants in favour of more coal . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-13592208 ) germany is one of the greatest countries in the eu and i love it , but i ca n't defend stupid decisions like that . 
  if european people willingly convert to islam in such a number as to make muslims over 50 % of the population , what 's the problem ? 
  it 's never going to happen , but if it did it 's not like we did n't choose it . 
  anti-immigration people who think there 's going to be some great muslim take over seriously need psychiatric help . 
  there are less than 5 million muslims in germany out of 81 million people and most of them are turkish immigrants not refugees . 
  5 % of the population of the uk is muslim . 
  for people crying that the entire middle east was invading europe you 'd think there 'd be a few fucking more of them here . 
  i have no patience for those bigots . 
   what about small countries that are not tax hacens ? 
  name one . 
   a hung parliament until they 're blue , hopefully . 
  that 's awesome . 
  where is it ? 
  if i was being executed i 'd 100 % choose the guillotine over lethal injection . 
  isis really do not give a shit about what goes on in europe , neither do any of the extremist islamic groups . 
  the reason they bomb and attack western countries is because it cements their support in the middle east * because * the west has been bombing them for decades . 
  they do n't hate our way of life , they 're not going to `` invade '' us , they bomb us because after a successfull attack , they can turn to their local support base and say `` look !, 
  we hurt the western imperial devils who invaded us ! '', 
  and it cements their power in the middle east . 
  for smaller terrorist groups it 's , `` look what we did boss ! '', 
  and saudi arabia pats them on the head and gives them a bunch of money . 
  for the leadership , it 's about power , not ideology . 
   would we vote for it ... no chance . 
  you 're out of your mind if you do n't think irish people would overwhelmingly vote in favour of reuniting the island . 
   in that case they should be more supportive of the reformation movements within islam . 
  instead we see very little support from inside islam , and a lot more threats . 
  wow i did n't realise how informed you were about theological movements inside greater islam . 
  please tell me your opinion on current progressive islamic movements . 
  be detailed . 
  `` voluntarily '' sounds nice for pr . 
  we 'll see how long it lasts when eu regulation is gone and there 's money to be made . 
  the uk government is famously economically conservative since thatcher , so less regulation for all !, 
  greece has work/life balance nailed in fairness . 
  nobody should live to work . 
   the trauma experienced by children when they are mutilated at a young age may well be a contributing factor to the violence and chaos we see in mena societies . 
  let 's not get ahead of ourselves . 
  he 's an american / r/the _ douche and / r/no _ fap poster , so he 's angry and does n't have a lot to do with his hands other than write bullshit on / r/europe . 
  surely time has made it quite easy for you to plagiarize some arguments in writing then . 
  all you 're saying is you 're not capable of legitimately discrediting communist ideology . 
  why ? 
   something `` working '' does n't mean it ca n't be replaced by something better . 
  however , communism and socialism have a track record that very strongly indicates that they 're not better than what we currently have . 
  you 're still not able to address ** why ** . 
   hardly , given that there was historic precedence for democracies working out long term and that democracy as a system actually worked out once attempted . 
  unlike socialism or communism . 
  i hope you 're not planning on talking about ancient greece . 
  and you do n't think feudalism worked ? 
  or tribalism ? 
  or any of the other forms of government we had beforehand ? 
  you do n't think capitalism and democracy ever failed to take hold ? 
  this is why it 's so hard to argue with capitalists . 
  how does the rest of the sentence change my response ? 
  it 's just as valid . 
  you 're welcome to point out anything i took out of context . 
  the argument you are making now is exactly the same one anyone could have made in support of feudalism . 
  you 're arguing that it has n't worked , not why it can not . 
  until you actually address communist systems or ideology , you 're not making much of an argument . 
   shit wo n't be different . 
  their ideas wo n't work . 
  they have shown themselves not to work . 
  you wan na change things , fine . 
  great , actually . 
  but come up with something new . 
  and here 's the other biggest obstacle to discourse on the subject . 
  you 're using the soviet union but you have no real knowledge of the system it used or why it failed , and communist criticisms of it . 
  it 's like if i used inflation in zimbabwe as an argument against capitalism as a system . 
  if i tried to argue that the soviet union was n't a good communist model , you would launch immediately into `` no true scotsman !, 
  '' , while any suggestions i make would be shot down because `` it just does n't work !, 
   cough cough commie is that still an insult ? 
  is this america ?
