  i agree with stricter controls on immigration but refugees are people in need and we should help them . 
   it is also naive , stupid and dangerous to think letting thousands of muslim military age men into the country is ok . who btw are not even refuges . 
  ah you 're one of * those * people . 
  we would n't have to if the us and russia had n't spent the last 40 years destabilising the middle east . 
  besides what really pisses me off is that he has no business telling us what we should do . 
  you 're right , i 'm sorry , i 'll involve myself more in the politics of other nations . 
  off to / r/politics , going to start my trump 2016 campaign !, 
  mind your own business yank , try not to bomb the middle east again in the next few decades and we wo n't be stuck with your mess . 
  closing borders will not stop people who want to hurt us from doing so . 
  it 's naive , stupid and dangerous to think it will . 
  because the slaughter , nepotism and corruption perpetrated by the revolutionaries after their rise to power was really good anyway . 
   the younger generations ( post 90 's ) would be more open to the idea . 
  lol not a chance . 
  can you provide a reasonable explanation as to why a bunch of white policemen covered themselves in brown paint to play the part of a violent migrant ? 
  why does the colour of their skin matter , it 's inconsequential . 
  it might not have been intended as racist , that 's true , but that just makes it unprofessional , pointless and incredibly ignorant . 
  authenticity which is irrelevant to the training they 're meant to be receiving in the exercise . 
  is riot policing a non-transferable skill particular to whichever race of person happens to be jumping fences ? 
  what possible point is there to covering them in brown makeup other than to be racist ? 
   `` remember everyone , beat the brown looking ones !, 
  they do n't look like us ! '', 
  `` fish f *** in it . '', 
  only so many people can work smart . 
  it 's a race to the top and the lower rungs fill up fast . 
  we 'll stick with ye 's . 
  better than getting saddled with a bunch of xenophobic bigots . 
  interesting how the person attacking direct democracy is defending career politicians and using the middle class as an example problem . 
   would you have said that same after a foreigner would have attacked native swedes ? 
  lol do you see the shit in this sub-reddit anytime a brown person is reported stepping out of line ? 
  how many danish practising christians would say the same ? 
  except imagine you were likely to be killed , beheaded or otherwise maimed in civil war , bombings , airstrikes and gas attacks on your return home back to friendly old finland , where the biggest real conflict you ever had to face in your life was the moose blocking the road on the way back from the off license filled with swedes . 
  you 're just saying he does n't have a plan because you want to believe he did n't have one ... like ... 
  your whole post there is absolute bollocks you 've just pulled out of your ass ... 
  this is the anti jerk from the amateur cynics who think that because they 've accepted the establishment they 're either more mature and sensible than , or not getting fucked over like , the young people with ideals . 
  it 's far more infuriating than the rabid sanders supporters who at least are n't afraid to try make things better . 
   `` healthcare ! '', 
  `` tax the rich !!! '', 
  `` minimum wage '' that sounds bad to you ? 
  german , french , italian , british funding . 
  basically a fuck you to all of the eastern european countries . 
  lol thanks for the laugh . 
  look at how extreme / r/europe has become in the last two months . 
  `` things should be the way they were for me . '', 
   do something with your life and move . 
  many are trying but as the idiots in this sub believe , once they try to do something with their lives beyond sitting in a camp for years and years , or going back to syria to watch their children die , or to be gassed by assad and the russians , or to be beheaded by extremists , or just to be caught in a coalition airstrike ... well then `` they 're ** economic ** migrants , why could n't they just stay in the first safe country they entered . '', 
  so you 're saying jews are fleeing countries from muslims , even from countries who are n't taking in refugees or migrants . 
  which is disproved by germany . 
  and your cognitive dissonance leads you to claim that germany is just an outlier , rather than even suggesting white europeans might in some way be contributing to the problem ? 
  i mean the europeans who are attacking migrants are n't going to follow my example no matter how compassionate and welcoming i am to refugees . 
  are you sure you 're replying to the right person ? 
  i do n't believe any of that . 
   islamophobia at its finest and no offense but you seem to partake in it . 
  how so ? 
  the germans are trying , seems to make everyone more hateful . 
  how can you be an example when having compassion is the thing they despise in the first place . 
  the only example they 're likely to follow is if i start lynching refugees . 
  i do n't think you 're racist per se , just a xenophobic , compassionless bigot . 
  they want to hate because they 're taught to hate , it 's not hard to understand , just pitiful . 
  these people want to hate . 
  at least they can feel superior to brown people . 
   pushing forward a pc-social agenda the trans and the gays did this did n't they . 
  them and their feminazi gender neutral toilets !, 
   the regressive left you keep using that phrase as if there is such a thing as a * progressive * right . 
  ireland 's roads , for the most part , are an amazing example of eu infrastructural investment . 
  nearly every motorway has a few `` funded by the eu '' sign on it . 
  we have so much to be thankful to the eu and our continental neighbours for . 
  canadians burned down the white house . 
  welcome to capitalism . 
  please leave all surplus labour in a neat pile on the right . 
  i 'll go through it later . 
   westminster simply wo n't allow the referendum to take place jesus , imagine having no self determination as a nation . 
  horrible . 
   it 'll only be salt and vinegar if the eu insists on punishing leavers out of spite . 
  classic british entitlement . 
  you ca n't have your cake and eat it too . 
  bags now 99.9 % air !, 
  we 're cheap cunts !, 
  we need some futurama-esque suicide booths . 
   yeah , it is the greatest betrayal of our time . 
  leftists have sabotaged our golden age and now the whole world is going to suffer . 
  i love how melodramatic you guys get . 
  yum . 
  happily . 
  i 'd bet the eu will survive but greece might not . 
  not in my opinion . 
  ireland is a nation of emigrants . 
  i 'm living in japan at the moment and the amount of bullshit my american colleagues have to go through is unbelievable . 
   ill call myself irish if it makes you feel better only if you 're sound please . 
  it 's not surprising he has ... extreme views ... on how to solve the refugee crisis . 
  put them on an island outside of the eu , like australia did ah , give them the old australian guantanamo rape island solution . 
  where should this be based ? 
  cyprus ? 
  crete ? 
  any other strips of land floating around in the mediterranean ? 
  overfishing and rising sea temperatures are going to make the mediterranean diet very difficult in the next 5-10 years . 
  at least the olives will be fine , grapes too maybe . 
  if we have any pollinators left . 
  yes . 
   they are scared even to name the faction these bombers are supporting ( islam ) . 
  ` nuff said .
