  thank god for that man sitting in his room surrounded by rifles arguing on the internet !, 
   seriously though , americans face a lot more threats to their freedom than some control on their right to own a fucking assault rifle . 
  what the fuck do they actually think they would be doing if they ever did rise up against their government with all their guns ? 
   do they think all the evil politicians and corporate heavy weights would line up in front of the white house and all the people would take out their guns and there would be shooting and people playing the national anthem and flags waving everywhere ? 
  if they were ever to actually exercise these `` well regulated militias '' the people they want to fucking kill would be hiding in the pentagon or in bunkers and all the people so concerned for their freedom would be shooting police officers and the army and all the other people who are in just as shitty a fucking situation as they are themselves . 
   i expect a lot of downvotes for this but ... seriously america ? 
  nice try greek tourism board !, 
   it 's common here to make fun of male politicians for how incompetent they are yeah but merkel seems competent so i guess the haters need something . 
   the poorer countries of europe are more religious . 
  it 's more complicated than that . 
  look at my country , we 're not dirt poor potato farmers but we 're at 70 % probably because of cultural rather than socio-economic reasons . 
  incidentally , anyone want to buy a potato ? 
  another thing i noticed is that people in this thread seem to think the lower the better , there is nothing wrong with people being religious so long as their politics are n't dominated buy religious zealots like in the us . 
  look at italy and ireland , high belief in god but their societies are largely secular . 
   `` you owe us . '', 
  hmm ... wwii right ? 
  was n't germany the country that got the whole ball rolling on the esm anyway ? 
  nice to see them keeping to their constitution but i kinda wish they 'd make their mind up . 
  lik dis if u cry . 
  wow , i felt stupid just typing that ... 
  at least there 's always greece !, 
  ah so he 's working on getting turkey eu membership this time . 
  come on greece , get it together !, 
  so say i live in ireland but my internet is provided my vodafone which is headquartered in england , do i need to change my isp or will this only be enforceable for british customers ? 
  either way , i would love to see google step up to the challenge and make their ssl impossible for them to decrypt , or at least decrypt on the scale they are suggesting here ... if it is n't already . 
   relatively painless to an infant no ... it 's likely even more painful because it is extremely risky to use anesthetics on a baby , the difference is they are too young to remember the pain , not that it is n't as painful . 
  i 'm not entirely sure how safe i would feel holding a metal tube filled with explosives next to my head . 
  suppose it 's safe enough if the gas can expand out front and back should one go off early , but still a little * too * like a frag grenade for my liking . 
  come on , we 're hibernia !, 
  aaaaaaand this is where i back away slowly ... 
   this video has been removed as a violation of youtube 's policy on shocking and disgusting content . 
  it seems youtube does n't like hosting videos that make neo-nazi 's look bad . 
  you 're the dane , you tell us how to do it !, 
  silly viking . 
  does this mean the dutch win an internets ? 
  we send them because if we win we ca n't afford to host it next year . 
  they 're nice lads and i 'm sure there 's * some * talent in there somewhere but they are more of a spectacle than a duo of musicians . 
  so i 'm the nationalistic bigot but you are the one blaming europe for greece 's problems ? 
  we are n't slaves , we 're taking responsibility for the mess we are in . 
  we elected our government , our government screwed us , it is n't fair to the the majority of irish people but we 're resolved to deal with it rather than fuck over europe for our government acting irresponsibly . 
  no one is punishing you , greece got itself in this mess just like we got ourselves in ours . 
  greece elected corrupt politicians , had a bloated civil service , were n't paying their taxes and falsified their books . 
  you are n't happy i get it but ireland are n't slaves we have accepted responsibility for our position and are working with europe to try and get out of it . 
  whether we will be successful or not i do n't know but the idea that europe is punishing you is moronic . 
  the secret i want to know is why countries in a continent with thousands of talented , unknown musicians , manage to consistently put forward the most atrocious music ever heard by mankind . 
  not even subjectively bad , just bad bad . 
  why are random people uploading music they made with a webcam and a guitar on youtube so much better than the people * countries * are choosing to represent them on the international stage . 
  there is the real mystery . 
  relevant : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jzyzvmcgwhg, 
  how can it be ? 
  there is not enough money in the country to finance it 's spending . 
  sure with an anti-austerity you can facilitate growth much faster but there is not a chance in hell any amount of anti-austerity is going to reverse -7 % gdp of growth before the country is completely destroyed . 
  you do know that every month of anti-austerity the greek government is going to have to borrow more and more money to keep the country running . 
  if you do n't balance the budget the debt will just build up so much the country will collapse . 
  i agree , it just is n't very smart . 
  i always wonder what the hell all the anti-austerity people are thinking , yes it sucks but there is not enough money in the country to keep everything running the way it is . 
  if i were greece i would be begging to stay in the euro , how is dropping out going to help them at all ? 
  anyone with any sense would get their money into american or german banks as soon as possible before they drop out because the new drachma wo n't be worth anything . 
  the country would be leaking money left right and centre . 
  they would need to get the new drachma out and restrictions on money leaving the state literally hours after dropping out or risk a total collapse . 
  they would also probably have to nationalize private pensions to even think about keeping the public sector propped up . 
  this might be going a bit far but shops better be getting euro 's or dollars in from somewhere unless greece produces enough food to feed itself because having to import anything on the new drachma would probably put a lot of people out of business . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nsboo4gzhai ), 
  because who would n't want to live in a place that is cloudy and windy 99 % of the year , where cold temperatures get a 5x multiplier from our +1 shroud of humidity but rarely ever get cold enough to bring the joy of snow and to top it off gets enough rain for our forests to be classified as temperate oceanic * rainforests * . 
  sounds lovely . 
   and beautiful people [ oh stop it , you !, 
   ] ( http://media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lvgjt3i7qj1qg9k6q.png ), 
  science . 
  who cares anyway ? 
  not like anyone here is even indirectly responsible for stuff that happened in the past . 
   ` europeans hate israel ' i agree , they might want to ask themselves why . 
  i guess it really depends on where you live and what heritage the people there have . 
  i 'm sure there are a couple that go on in ireland but i 've never heard anything about them . 
  however every year there is a haymaking festival where i live ( which also happens to host [ the largest norman castle in ireland ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/trim_castle ) ) so naturally there is a lot of medieval associated things that go on . 
  if you ca n't find any specific renaissance fairs i 'd advise checking out if there are any specific heritage festivals held in your area . 
  because this is reddit and reddit do n't like no sarc . 
  judges are just people , unfortunately . 
  with a conveniently awesome name . 
  basing the representatives on population once again cuts the powers of smaller nations . 
  why would ireland for example decide to become part of the federation if we would have more political influence and sovereignty as an independent nation ? 
  do n't worry , i might be bothered if karma was actually worth anything :p, 
  we like our independence . 
  ok i 'm not following my own advice here but ... bloody sunday ? 
  the black and tan 's ? 
  they are n't terrorists for you but they are for a lot of irish people . 
  i 'm not defending the ira but do n't you dare defend the atrocities your government committed in northern ireland . 
  the only way to win an argument about the ira vs the british government is not to participate . 
  lets all just agree that they were both very wrong and ... meh who am i kidding , thread is going to turn into a flame war anyway . 
  i do n't think using the us as a role model is such a great idea when you are trying to promote democracy and financial stability ... 
  taking away the power from nations and putting it in a centralized european government makes it almost impossible for the common person to have any democratic input in whats happening . 
  my country has less than 5 million people living in it , if someone has something to say it is n't incredibly difficult to get most people to hear it . 
  if i had something to add to the democratic process in a federal europe i would have to get my message to 780 million people , all living in different countries speaking different languages . 
  the eu parliment would be open to corruption and corporate/private lobbying simply because it would be so huge , cumbersome and bureaucratic that it would be impossible to make accountable and transparent ( like what is happening in the us but on a * much * larger scale . 
  couple that with reduced power from national governments ( which you suggested destroying ? ), 
  and you have a huge mess . 
  we 've all known the truth for years , just a pity none of them are going to get any time in prison . 
  because it 's in the interest of american rating agencies to weaken the euro . 
  they were massively in debt just after wwii ? 
  so was everyone who participated . 
  that was debt accumulated because of a world war , not because the economy was in the toilet .
