that 's why we invaded a few countries that do have culinary culture . 
  we were getting fed up with overcooked veggies !, 
  it 'd still end up with posts about how dandruff free he is . 
  yeah did you see the frequency of tweets containing nazi during the germany game ? 
  charming . 
  i have no problem with americans liking football , i dislike the `` we 're better than everyone '' stuff they put out . 
  plus that `` i believe that we will win '' chant was just so obnoxious . 
  yeah , in fact a lot of americans i know that have moved over here have embraced soccer . 
  it maybe what you 're exposed to in fairness . 
  i disagree , just look at the match last night . 
  i have enjoyed watching american football , but find the stoppages ( usually interspersed with an ad break ) completely infuriating . 
  i like my sport rather more continuous . 
  rugby league is almost an example of what american football could be - no stoppages on each down , but still limited downs , and the same goal . 
  no team changes for each play either . 
   people go from watching soccer to watching football , but never the other way around . 
  based on what ? 
  more like 16 , was n't it ? 
  heard he broke the world cup record for most saves in a game at 16 ? 
  how 's the super secret plan going to make them all socialist ? 
  maybe so . 
  i thought she could have handled it better , she was surprised by the question i think . 
  she finished strong though . 
  [ here 's the blithering idiot in favour of creationism being interviewed by paxman . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1lvcocv9wca ) disappointed that paxo resorted to the `` it 's just a theory '' line of debate , however . 
  similar to the school i went to for a bit , was originally founded to help orphans in bristol . 
  did n't help when my family ran out of money though ... 
  tactical monkey outpost . 
  that ukrainian entry is still my favourite eurovision entry of all time . 
  [ this may be better ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_languages_by_total_number_of_speakers ), 
  i 'm gutted that romania did n't get more votes . 
  circular piano guy was rad . 
  i enjoyed the performance but the song was pretty shit . 
  ooh it tastes just like ... 
  wait . 
  what ? 
  in terms of reporting , it 's largely ok , although , naturally , it still has biases ( it 's run by people ) . 
  it 's been shown to have right and left leaning bias by each side . 
  however , the narrative of the news is often controlled by the tabloids , and this is the same in most countries . 
  they 'll pick up and spin a non-story ( see the recent halal `` fiasco '' ) , and the bbc will have to report on it otherwise they 'll have accusations that they 're ignoring it . 
  these perceptions are largely due to reporting non-issues for more time than is necessary , which is why people 's perceptions of immigration etc. 
  are overinflated . 
  yeah that 's an interesting point . 
  you 're right about ee having it worse , particularly financially , but the mindset and culture is difference . 
  in our disposable , consumable culture i think we take a lot for granted . 
  i just did n't want to diminish the struggle of those who are genuinely having problems by saying that someone else has it worse . 
   seriously i think everybody who is poor in western circumstances having it easy . 
  that 's a matter of perspective - people are n't making that much and they are struggling because of the cost of living . 
  look at the scandinavian countries ( back on topic , i guess ) , with my half-decent british wage , i could afford the lifestyle i do in oslo ( as an example ) . 
  cost of living is a big deal . 
  i appreciate what you 're saying about the nuclear family , but it 's difficult for a culture to change - we 've gotten used to the idea of living individually , with one or two generations under one roof . 
  we 've started to lack the ability to do this , and it 's not because we 're earning insignificant amounts , it 's because things are costing more . 
  you 're essentially asking for a culture change , and it is actually starting to happen . 
  more people are living with parents now ( i forget the numbers ) . 
   on western levels of welfare payments it would be a very easy life . 
  yes , if the cost of living was comparable . 
  ok , maybe i should have specified `` misdirected hate '' . 
  hatred is n't good in any form , but undeserved vilification is never justifiable , and is particularly prevalent in today 's media climate . 
  hatred from the poor to the rich is n't good , but is understandable given the apparent freedom and unaccountability for their actions ( yes , i know i 'm generalising here ) . 
  the political class in this country are making it more and more difficult for the poor to sustain themselves - is it not justifiable to call them out on it ? 
  it 's not hatred to point out an injustice , surely ? 
  that 's something at least . 
  it feels like our country is emulating the us - privatising our healthcare , demonising immigrants and the working class , getting more overweight , and hating europe more than the usual . 
  it 's just making me want to emigrate , frankly . 
  the level of political discourse and hatred is depressing . 
  whereas in the uk , we 're trying to get rid of the lower class by killing or deporting them ... 
  my heart was racing . 
  what a super saturday . 
  gutted we did n't get those final 7 points . 
  well deserved ireland though . 
  to be fair , the variation on the full english i had in ireland , with potato/soda bread stuff , was wonderful . 
  so many ?!, 
  a very large majority of labour voters voted remain . 
  if we were in a political and historical vacuum , i 'd agree . 
  however , the double standard applies due to us being historical arseholes , and therefore we 're fair game , tbh . 
  if you ca n't laugh at yourself , what can you laugh at ? 
  check out this crazy thing called context , it 's a cracking concept . 
  feel free to say why you 're whining . 
  woe is us , the beleaguered masses . 
  i 'm english . 
  i could n't give a shit if an irishman sung one of these songs . 
  i do n't understand why you 're getting bent out of shape . 
  what the fuck ? 
  how difficult is it to comprehend ? 
  england committed genocide against the irish . 
  hundreds of years ago . 
  10 german bombers is a drunken brag , compared to an emotive ballad . 
  completely different tones and situations . 
  was n't an argument . 
  claiming that one can somehow achieve more in the us is based on nothing . 
  simple answer : yes, 
  when you come out with a load of bollocks , there 's little left to say, 
  yeah it 's very unlikely in both countries, 
  seriously what a load of horseshit . 
  literally `` root french '' . 
  this can be applied to anyone the fn deems necessary and is a vile way of discounting anyone based on their ancestry . 
  oh god i 'd forgotten about that . 
  ugh i still shudder when i remember researching jean-marie for my french a level . 
  sidatoriums ( aids-camps ) for homosexuals , the vile and insidious term `` fran\u00e7ais de souche ) , his unadulterated anti-semitism and xenophobia . 
  now it 's all crammed into a woman that understands the value of pr and how to sweet talk voters . 
  please france .
