  this is my point . 
  you have * nothing * to back this up other than its what you personally happen to want . 
   of course i do because you are a delusional child who does n't see the obvious writing on the wall . 
  the `` writing on the wall '' is that you want to completely overhaul the organisation of europe based on nothing more than you think it might be a good idea , and do it without the explicit consent of any of the peoples who will be directly affected by these changes . 
  that is elitist . 
  it is dangerous . 
  it could lead to enormous amount of resentment , and eventually violence , and it could lead to the disintegration of europe and a return to the europe of a century ago . 
  all because of a bunch of asshole federalists unwilling to countenance any other vision than their own , and telling everyone else there is no other choice . 
   the eu can not continue being the eu of today . 
  because the eu of today ca n't survive . 
  its not a survivable state for a political association . 
  its been made abundantly clear by now that the majority of it is clearly for a state far more than a mere loose economic association . 
  so the only directions are increased integration or stop existing . 
  you can feel free to delude yourself about it all day , but that wo n't make it any less true . 
  the end goal , is federalisation or something so similar it might as well be . 
  because the more integration you got , the more you keep getting . 
  there is no `` end '' to the integration process and there is n't one intended . 
  this all boils down to you saying `` there is no other choice '' , which is more of the same crap . 
  it should be obvious to you now there is * always * another choice . 
  whoever told you otherwise is pushing their own agenda . 
   you need to actually read . 
  the simple fact is , goverments decide policy , goverments agreed to these treaties which said the purpose is the `` ever closer union '' . 
  i did `` actually read '' . 
  apparently you did n't . 
  how ironic is that ? 
  let 's look at the * preamble * of the [ treaty of rome ] ( http://www.hri.org/docs/rome57/preamble.html ) , * yet again * :   `` determined to lay the foundations of an ever closer union among the peoples of europe , '' it 's literally a bit of preamble in the original treaty , not the goal . 
  if you actually want to know the goal of the treaty , then read it . 
  its about trade and industrial cooperation , not any form of political union . 
   no one is being evasive , its literally in the european treaties , its not some secret . 
  if it 's in the treaties , then then you should have no problem posting a link to the text of treaty that says it 's the goal of the eec/eu . 
  if you ca n't do that , then you might want to take a moment to think about why you ca n't find it in any of the treaty text . 
   and the reason there are n't `` referendums '' or some bullshit is a. ), 
  because most things in most eu countries are n't decided that way and b. ), 
  the hypothetical endgoal of the union is decades in the future , likely way beyond either of our lifetimes . 
  what would be the point to worry about it now when so much more work is to be done until it becomes possible ? 
  firstly , because of manipulative federalists like you . 
  just two posts ago you flatly stated that the principal goal of the eu was a federation , despite this being patently untrue , and that anyone that did n't want that * should leave the eu * . 
  any alternative arrangements , to your mind , such as a confederation , or a loose association of states , or similar , is something you think * is n't even an option * . 
  secondly , because the legislation enacted * right now * and what shape it takes it what directly leads to a federation . . or to some other structure . 
  so it matters a great deal if a small group of people are trying to manipulate the eu toward that end . 
   ... what exactly do you think `` ever closer '' means ? 
  it means `` become increasingly closer '' . 
  the exact quote , once again , is :   `` determined to lay the foundations of an ever closer union among the peoples of europe , '' that could mean many things other than `` federation '' including europe as it is today . 
  or europe as it was 20 years ago . 
    you are the one making it about purely `` muh federal boogyeman '' . 
  it could be a confederation too . 
  maybe a centralised state , who the fuck knows . 
  the goal is to become as close and integrated as possible . 
  you can take it or leave it . 
  you do n't get it . 
  you and people exactly like you are `` the federal boogyman '' , as you put it , because of your willingness to be deceitful in pursuit of what you think is a greater goal . 
  because of your willingness to do * exactly what you have just done * , which is to openly state that a federation is the * only * option , when it is n't , and again to pretend that its somehow already been decided as part any form of democratic process , when it has n't . 
  i sometimes think you guys would be fine with an eu wide dictatorship , as long as you got your federation along with it . 
  that is certainly the way you come across to me . 
   its put to vote every single time you vote for your goverment that signed those treaties , like most things . 
  rubbish . 
  if you genuinely thought that the people of europe would support a federation , you 'd be all for a series of referendums on it , rather than trying to be evasive . 
   its not , its the declared intention of the eu project . 
  its the goal of the project , no idea how thats `` eliteist '' to have a goal in mind with the project you are driving . 
  no it is not . 
  go and read the preamble of the treaty of rome . 
  i 've linked to it many times in this sub over the years . 
  it says `` in the spirit of ever closer union '' . 
  it is vague , and completely non-binding . 
  there is absolutely nothing in there about a federation no matter how often you federalists claim it was the goal all along . 
   this `` small clique of federalists '' apparently got to everyone else to agree putting it into the treaties , so it does n't seem that small . 
  see above . 
  it 's not in the treaty and no one voted for it . 
  if you can find anything in the treaties making the goal of federation legally binding for the signatories , then i 'd like to see you post it here , please . 
  edit : link to the text of the 1957 treaty : http://www.hri.org/docs/rome57/preamble.html the relevant preamble states : `` determined to lay the foundations of an ever closer union among the peoples of europe , '' and that 's it . 
  there is nothing in there about a federation . 
   the simple reality is that the eu has dedicated itself multiple times in treaties signed by goverments of all member states to the principle of `` ever closer union '' . 
   the end goal , however distant , is federalisation . 
  quite frankly any country not in favour of this should , for the better of all involved , leave the union like britain did . 
  this has never been put directly to a vote , anywhere . 
  as things stand if you got the eu ( minus the uk ) to vote on a federation right now , the vote would be a `` no '' . 
  as such , i think its the height of hubris for a small clique of federalists to decide that : 1 ) the future must be a federation and there are no other options 2 ) anyone who does n't like it has to leave it 's a dangerously elitist position . 
   because eu needs to discourage other countries from leaving and also need to show that there is a price for it ? 
  so , other people in this thread are denying that the uk is being deliberately punished , but you 're admitting it and stating that its necessary ? 
  as other people have pointed out , any organisation that is held together with fear is n't one worth participating in . 
  it would be short sighted for the eu to `` punish '' the uk ( which is not to say they wo n't do it anyway ) , because future political movements within the uk will then inevitably conclude the eu is `` the enemy '' , and will work to disrupt it alongside other nations that see the eu as inimical to their goals . 
  that 's just how realpolitik works . 
   even if you get a similar deal with , let 's say canada , it would n't be a great free-trade anyway . 
  let 's hope the eu & uk teams have the sense to come up with something better then , because deliberately tanking the uk economy with punitive payments and a shitty trade deal and then having a big fat euro-gloat about it will not lead to anything other than mutual hatred for decades afterward . 
  the world has enough of that already . 
  nah , the imperial guard were already running by the time blucher turned up . 
  it was game over at that point . 
  yeah , but we 're not , because although we lost the 100 years war , we won the internet, 
   and the majority voted for their faction . 
  are you saying people voted for them without really knowing what they voted for ? 
  that is the actually the exact opposite of the truth . 
  ukip do not even have 1 seat in parliament . 
  so , if you were thinking without bias , you would wonder what is it that made people vote for brexit , but stay away from voting for ukip . 
  the answer is right there in front of you . 
  yet again , you refuse to see it , because it complicates your view of whats happened . 
   but that 's not your problem anymore . 
  so why are you still angry ? 
  what are you on about ? 
  i was talking about reasons for the `` leave '' vote that did n't include immigration . 
   those are two completely different things .
