  i did n't realise we were living in a game of civ v. 
   i agree with you completely in principle , but is n't there the oft-repeated statistic that claims that while the crown receives # 40million , it generates # 200 million for the taxpayer , a net gain of # 160 million ? 
  i would like to see how that # 200 million figure gets calculated , because i bet they include things like tourist visits to buckingham palace , which would continue even if we dissolved the monarchy . 
  even if for some reason the number of visitors diminished with the loss of monarchy , it still would n't drop to zero . 
   you might not think of the issue of divine rule . 
  other people , meaning people that are not you , do think of that . 
  the monarch is also the supreme governor of the church of england . 
  this is not a random motto and a random title for millions of anglicans . 
  it 's not an issue of belief in this case . 
  the fact is that at least one war and one revolution occurred in the uk over the issue of the so called `` divine right to rule '' . 
  parliament executed charles i for treason in the c17th , which would never have happened if we had accepted his assertion , in court , of his `` divine right to rule '' . 
  later that century , we had the glorious revolution , in which we forcibly removed james ii , and replaced him william of orange , a foreigner . 
  in the following century we further asserted the right to pick our own monarch by fighting the jacobites , who wished to place the `` rightful '' monarch back on the throne . 
  the fact is , that at least in the uk , the monarch rules only with the consent of parliament . 
  there is no accepted `` divine right to rule '' , and there has n't been for 300 years . 
   it is a taboo issue for the vast majority of the people of the uk . 
  it is not taboo , i discuss it frequently with many people . 
  it even gets discussed in public , the last time being 2012 , during the jubilee celebrations . 
  it pops up as a topic on programs like newsnight . 
  the guardian newspaper declared itself in favour of a republic decades ago . 
  it still occasionally pops up as a topic * there * , in one of the most popular newspapers in the country . 
  it is very far from being a taboo topic . 
   it is considered unpatriotic to question the monarchy . 
  hmm . 
  no , it honestly is n't . 
   other people from the uk think the same , some of them commenting below . 
  i also remember people writing to the queen and asking for a referendum . 
  the palace responded something along the lines of `` the people of the uk have no interest in this matter '' . 
  how the hell do they know ? 
  did they ask them about it ? 
  the answer is no . 
  oh , come on , there are frequent polls on the subject . 
  although i would prefer a republic , you must faces facts and realise that the majority , at the moment , are simply not in favour of it . 
   so , spare us the insults . 
  people have differing opinions and you might not always be right about something , get used to it . 
  i think this applies as much to you as to the anyone else . 
  edit : got my monarchs mixed up . 
  fixed grammar . 
  wait until there 's another african genocide , then the * exact same people * will be asking why nothing was done when we had the chance . 
   but the guy was under the impression we desperately needed their help and would n't have managed without them , `` again '' referencing ww2 ( and probably ww1 , since those may be the only wars some americans are aware of ) . 
  and vietnam . 
  which they absolutely did not lose , oh no sir-eee !, 
  it was a draaaaaaw !, 
   nobody believes they have `` divine rule '' by the way . 
  yeah , i think he may have skipped c16th england , in history . 
  we had a very nasty war about the whole `` divine rule '' thing . . 
  he used the british isles as a whole ( i 'm including ireland in that , although some people do n't ) , in addition to iceland . 
  being a language scholar , he must have known what place names in anglo-saxon , icelandic and gaelic actually meant . 
   when c\u00fa chulainn wakes he undergoes a spectacular r\u00edastrad or `` distortion '' , in which his body twists in its skin and he becomes an unrecognisable monster who knows neither friend nor foe . 
  he makes a bloody assault on the connacht camp and avenges the youth corps sixfold . 
  i think your assessment allows you to pretend that the eu is an organisation without any issues . 
  it allows you to immediately dismiss any objection people in the uk come up with without having to examine their arguments in any detail . 
  in other words , it allows you to pretend the the * status quo * is adequate , and that whenever it is challenged the fault lies with the challenger , and not the current state of affairs . 
   the only `` unions '' britain ever joined were of such a nature that britain had the final say . 
  that was hardly the case with nato , was it ? 
  i think overall your assessment is incredibly simplistic , and quite dismissive of the actual concerns that people in the uk have over the eu . 
  this is nonsense . 
  the uk warned the eu about the euro and it 's potential failings and was comprehensively ignored - there was no `` pushing it through '' - no one wanted to hear it . 
   in my opinion most brits know that they would benefit from it but there is an unhealthy pride left from the colonial days that makes them hesitate . 
  no , this is totally incorrect , and is never cited as a reason by british people for not wanting to be a member of the eu . 
  no worries . 
  mate , half my family is from belfast . 
  i 'm talking in terms that people understand , and * broadly * speaking the nationalists are catholic and the loyalists are protestant . 
  and those are the terms that have been used in belfast for years . 
  well , no , because currently they are n't separatists . 
  hard choice . 
  i loved how laid back the danes were , and copenhagen was gorgeous , but i 'm also quite fond of italy , although i 've never been to the southern half of the country . 
  i think if ireland ever united the first thing some of the ulster protestants would do would be to start their own separatist movement . 
  historical note : in planning sessions british officers kept referring to the enemy as `` the french '' , out of habit , despite the fact that there were french officers in the room , and we were all fighting the russians . 
   did you even read it ? 
  europe relied on the untied states for logistical support because no one nation could handle itself , and cooperation is hard enough coordinating an attack , let alone supply it . 
  i 'm rather amused that an american is complaining that they had to pay out for a war which they wanted fought on their behalf , but without any significant involvement . 
  americans are the ones who have the big chubby for overseas military adventures . 
  europe , as a whole , just is n't interested . 
  as a continent , we have enough arms to see off any potential agressor , and we do n't really want to spend more on overseas force projection , which is what the americans actually want us to do . 
   and let 's not forget the cruise missiles we provided , which go for a billion a piece and ar n't counted as `` sorties '' . 
  actually , it 's more like 1,410,000 usd . 
  and i doubt very much that a thousand were fired , so your notion of overall cost is way off . 
  i thought it was `` britannia waves the rules '' ? 
  no ... * people who eat chicks *, 
  a book containing instructions for making single malt whisky . 
  beer . . 
  i can remember that all on my own . 
  and i 'm sure some frenchman will save a grape vine . 
  so , all we need is whisky and we 've essentially preserved the core of european civilisation . 
   the problem is that britain does n't produce anything . 
  their economy depends on financial scam artistry , money laundering , tax haven status and financial corruption . 
  jesus christ , this crap is still getting upvoted ? 
  it is n't even true given 5 minutes worth of fact-checking on wikipedia . 
  plenty of scots speak english with only a slight scots accent . 
  the poor bastards always seem to get asked where in ireland they 're from . 
   of course socialists and progressives like me are downvoted into oblivion . 
  it 's not because you 're socialist or progressive . 
  it 's because you 're a twat . 
  and if he were to win , 76 at the time of the 2025 election . 
  i think that would make him the oldest pm since ... duke of wellington ? 
  edit : no , just checked here - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/records_of_prime_ministers_of_the_united_kingdom#age_at_appointment - gladstone was actually 82 years old when we was elected in 1892 . 
  a prime minister corbyn would be the oldest person to be ever appointed a * first term * prime minister . 
  i am properly looking forward to owen jones busting into tears when corbyn loses in 2020 . 
  they are so very very deep in denial .
