  i also heard there may be some more finds off the shetland isles - they have a different culture to much of the rest of scotland , i wonder if they would prefer to remain part of the uk ? 
  they were , after all , `` conquered '' by scotland around during c14th . . 
  nope . 
  about 1/3 . 
  and most of those only because the tories and labour have made a dogs breakfast of national politics . 
   scotland needs to be either within the bosom of europe , like ireland or the united kingdom , where frankly it 's no longer wanted . 
  that 's news to me . 
  good ? 
  sometimes . 
  it 's almost like it 's trying to convince its readership that the eu is n't a rapacious evil entity out to tax them out of everything they own . 
  come on , this is the economist - of course you 're going to get a vote in favour of leaving . 
  if the same question was asked in the guardian , the answer would be `` no '' . 
  it 's an implied question using a single example of what another state does , not an assumption . 
  i wrote more on it in the thread above , just scroll up . 
  it must be hard to sum up `` we quite like things as they are and do n't really want anything to change very much . 
  thanks '' in a political party 's name . 
  got a link for that last point ? 
  i 'm curious . . 
  never . 
   a united kingdom minus scotland would be condemned to an eternal tory winter this is naive . 
  it would take only a few years for other parties to fill the void left by the electoral death of labour . 
  no one likes living in a one party state , there must always be votes for `` the other guys '' as an option to punish those already in government . 
  the liberals can fill that void if they have the sense to stop trying to be all things to all men . 
  the greens can make progress too , given that my generation , and younger , are quite environmentally conscious . 
  sure . 
  salmond is as honest as a saint , and picking a date for him is purely a matter of practicality . 
  conversely cameron is an english satan and obviously is doing it to further his own sinister unionist ... oh i 'm sorry . . * british nationalist * agenda . 
  [ * shakes head wearily * ], 
  oh , come on , let 's not be naive here . 
  both sides are politicians that believe they are in the right , and will pull any cheap trick they can think of that will play into their hands . 
  i believe that to assume either salmond or cameron are `` above such things '' either illustrates deliberate dishonesty , or ones own extremely partisan beliefs . 
  you 've consistently shown that you think that salmond is doing no wrong by attempting to maximize his chances by picking a referendum date , and i ca n't see how you square this belief with the obvious knowledge that cameron is doing exactly the same thing . 
   i share confuzatron 's , um , confusion about why anyone would jump to the conclusion that scottish independence needs to involve questions of jus sanguinis and who 's `` really '' scottish . 
  no conclusion has been jumped to . 
  i merely asked questions . 
  * my * confusion stems from the fact that people are getting all upset just because i asked the question . 
  has the snp even discussed it ? 
  yeah , but they do n't pay taxes to denmark , and that is always the main issue , lets face it . 
   the snp mentioned the referendum in their manifesto . 
  they got an absolute majority of seats and hence a mandate . 
  the british nationalist parties previously opposed any attempt to hold a referendum . 
  and in this picture , the snp are the cynics ? 
  `` british nationalist '' ? 
  that 's an interesting choice of words . 
  presumably you mean people in favour of the union , for which the accepted term is `` unionist '' . 
   btw i would love to know who first invented this bannockburn nonsense . 
  apparently it 's now been repeated enough times to become super secret snp policy . 
  the assumption here is that it was invented , not leaked from snp mp 's having a natter amongst themselves , and that the snp complaining about having the referendum too soon ( in the next 18 months ) is * absolutely nothing to do * with the fact that the anniversary of [ bannockburn ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_bannockburn ) will be in 2014 , just outside of that time window . 
  purely coincidence i 'm sure , and it 's absolutely not the kind of shit that nationalists the world over try and pull . 
  not entirely impossible , given that the faroe islands govern themselves . 
   the news here is that given the inevitability of a referendum with the mandate received by the snp , and after years of opposing one , the tories , presumably their coalition partners the lib dems ( and also labour - their new leader in scotland has now endorsed cameron 's position ) now want to force a referendum on their terms and at a time of their choosing . 
  pure cynicism and gall , but not entirely unexpected . 
  conversely , after years of demanding a referendum , the nationalists only want one at a time of their choosing , when they feel they are riding high in the polls and nationalist emotions are at the forefront , possibly the 700th anniversary of the battle of bannockburn . 
  pure cynicism and gall , but hardly unexpected . 
  i 'm not talking about having a say in the vote , you 're confusing me with someone else . 
  i 'm talking about who does and does n't get citizenship if scotland becomes independent . 
  i 'll say it again in a different way - many nationalities have some kind of concept of ethnic identity , and purposefully exclude those * not * of that ethnic identity . 
  to pretend that scots have no concept of ethnic identity is disingenuous , as if that were the case , they would not choose to draw a line between themselves and , say , `` the english '' . 
  what exactly are the nationalists proposing to do ? 
  anyone in the uk who wants to be a scots citizen gets to be one ? 
  surely not . 
  only people born in scotland get the citizenship ? 
  only those that plan to live there ? 
  hardly fair on the kids of a scottish couple living in london . 
  some kind of halfway house ? 
  what exactly ? 
  this is where nationalism starts getting ugly - the very concept * requires * that you draw a line between `` us '' and `` them '' , so where do you draw the line , and what kind of mental tools do you use to draw it ? 
  there is no need to be * quite * so patronizing . 
  i am referring to people who are originally from scotland or identify themselves as having scots ancestry , not to any form of measurable genetic distinction . 
  because half of england has scots blood , and they want to know where they stand in relation to an independent scotland . 
  it should hardly be surprising - last time i checked the germans were still handing out citizenship to those of `` german '' descent . 
  what a bunch of right-wing nutjobs . 
  you replied to a comment about the * british isles * , not * britain * ( go back and read it again if you wish ) , and then stated that the geographical definition has changed . 
  that is untrue . 
   the geographic definition has changed actually , no , it has n't . 
  it 's still the british isles for the whole group of islands in the chain . 
   of course . . the few hundred bucks i got out of it make me as guilty as someone who earned billions out of it . 
  the distribution of money is not nearly equal . 
  the top 1 % in the world own 40 % of everything . 
  i 'm not talking about guilt or wealth distribution . 
  you made a statement referring to a mysterious `` guilty few '' , and i was pointing out what i saw as the inaccuracy in your view . 
  my point is , that very many people benefited a little from the conditions that led to the crisis , and a few people benefited greatly . 
  ironically , i do n't think any of those who benefited greatly were the 1 % you talk about elsewhere ( again , i refer you to the big short as an example ) . 
  so your allocation of blame for the financial crisis has become confused with your views on the unfairness of wealth distribution . 
   greece makes up for around 5 % of the eu economy . 
  i care more about the 95 % , yes . 
  a lot of which is germany . 
  yeah , i got that . 
   the crisis has proven them wrong in large parts . 
  everyone with a brain could see it , yet they kept talking about debt not mattering , how you can just handle your credit card bills by taking a second mortgage . 
  a system of everlasting growth , ignoring all the economic and ecological losses the society pays for in the end . 
  you 're pushing your own political views into it again . 
  i agree that the ecological losses associated with most industries are never taken into account , as they should be . 
  for example , we have effectively strip-mined europes seas of fish ( thanks in part to eu policy ) . 
  but . . none of that has anything to do with applying regulation to banks . 
   wealth in the sense of property earned by real work or by providing real product or services that is now with the real social parasites . 
  awkwardly expressed . 
  do you have a bank account or pension ? 
  did that bank account or pension fund enjoy higher interest rates between the mid-1990 's and 2008 ? 
  then you have qualified yourself as a social parasite , because some of that wealth transfer was made to you , and hundreds of millions like you .
