  if the us had foreign bases on its soil that had served no defensive purpose for the last 20 years , and that the local population wanted gone , they might begin to get a bit prickly too . 
  fact is , the us uses those bases for force projection into the middle east , not to defend europe . 
  i guess this is another chapter to add to our long list of `` look at all the bad things the empire did '' in history lessons . 
   there was no failure in irish agriculture . 
  yes there was , it was the potato blight . 
   the british were shipping all the other agriculture back to the uk , the wheat , the barley , the fish , the meat . 
  that all belonged to britain . 
  no , the landowners in ireland were * selling * their goods to their largest market , and did n't care about starving tenant farmers . 
  they certainly did n't want to * give * the food away . 
   the same thing happened in bengal , it is estimated over 1.8 billion were starved to death in india by the crown and their subjects during its tenure there . 
  literally starved to death . 
  that sounds very unlikely to me . 
  1.8 billion ? 
  the population of india in 1900 was 283 million people . 
  that does n't seem to square with your rather interesting estimate . 
   this starving people to death was perfected and tuned in the second boer war the largest cause of death during the boer war was cholera , not starvation . 
  the camps were poorly designed and cholera killed off a lot of people . 
  it also spread to british troops , and was the largest cause of death for soldiers during the war . 
   common defence policies need to be decided/coordinated somewhere by someone . 
  policy is provided by politicians , not by military c&c .  also remember that not all of the eu is part of nato . 
  please do read the entire article to see that this very much covers the uk delaying it no , i do n't really see how it does . 
  the article is full of interpretation of the facts , like this :  the division between britain and france underscores their continuing differences over the extent of eu integration , despite a landmark defence treaty signed by the two countries last year . 
  like i said , britain is pushing for better military integration , but that does n't mean its going to accede to every demand made of it . 
   the irish were only allowed to eat potatoes , everything else belonged to britain . 
  my mother is irish . 
  she would laugh you out of the room for saying this . 
  and the rest of your post , in fact . 
   it was forced through the legal system , they had no choice , would they have stopped otherwise when there was money , i doubt it ? 
  what are you talking about ? 
  there was a vote on it , and the vote passed . 
  in parliament . 
  not only was slavery ended , but eventually the slave trade was stopped * forcibly * by using the navy to destroy slave ports along the african coast . 
   the british empire was evil , genocidal and heinous . 
  the empire was just another empire . 
  there have been lots of them . 
  the only thing that made the british empire special was the fact that it grew to be one of the largest . 
   british people never get taught this , they only get told the nice bits , you 've obviously never been to school in the uk . 
  we get taught all about the transatlantic slave trade . 
  we get taught all about slavery in the caribbean and north america . 
  and , yes , we got taught about the fact we used the navy to end the slave trade . 
  at aged 16 we learned about , amongst other things ; ireland from the easter rising onwards , the indian movement toward independence , the boer wars , the slave trade , and a bunch of other stuff that did n't exactly paint the empire in the best light . 
  i would hardly call that sweeping things under the carpet . 
  i ca n't find anything about the uk blocking anything . 
  i found [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/military_of_the_european_union ) and [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/franco-british_defence_and_security_cooperation_treaty_and_downing_street_declaration ) , which seems to show we are the biggest contributors to the european military budget , and are actually the people pushing this forward . 
  i suspect that , yet again , continental press has been painting british disagrement with france and germany as obstructionism , when it is nothing of the sort . 
  whenever we refuse to yield total control to france and germany on any matter they always seem to throw a hissy fit . 
  nato have one . 
  i think perhaps the eu should get started on one . 
  that is actually a very good point . 
  do we have a treaty within the eu that guarantees invasion is met with force ? 
  partly right . 
  the submarines the germans sold are both 1 ) faulty , and 2 ) not actually required . 
  the germans are still asking for payment though . 
  unfortunately submarines do n't come with a 30-day money back guarantee . 
  there is also the possibility that the contacts for the submarines were taken on because of bribes , saddling greece with debt for stuff that it neither wants nor needs , and does n't work anyway . 
  off topic - faroe islands ? 
  seriously ? 
  yeah , you pretty much described the borders of the holy roman empire ( minus the weird bits in italy ) . 
  the old historians joke is that it was neither holy , roman , nor an empire . 
  i broadly agree . 
  on your last statement , i hope you are right , but i fear you will be wrong . 
  that does n't seem to be the case anywhere else larger than switzerland . 
  oh , come now , this is silly . 
  this is what the article says :  but what does it mean ? 
  i failed my german gcse . 
  it means israel is as bad as iran , and it 's about time germans stopped feeling hamstrung by the holocaust and said so . 
  that 's the interpreted meaning of the * entire text * , not a direct translation . 
  the original text ( as translated and linked to by the paper ) is [ here ] ( http://www.guardian.co.uk/books/2012/apr/05/gunter-grass-what-must-be-said ) . 
  are you really going to claim that * the translation that they linked to themselves * is a deliberate mistranslation ? 
  and this is n't even an news article , it 's a fluff satirical piece someone knocked out in 10 minutes ; `` british media '' indeed . . 
   imo rather than identifying strongly with nationalistic cultures , americans identify primarily with subcultures ( which are often cross-regional and in fact international ) . 
  is this not also the case in europe ? 
  regardless , our generalized `` american culture '' is homogeneous because it 's a footnote in most of our lives . 
  not really . 
  but we have sub-cultures within our cultures . 
  for example , a scot may not primarily identify himself as british , or a breton might not primarily think of himself as french . 
  there are mutually unintelligible languages ( belonging to separate cultures ) * within * european nation states - italy , spain , and the uk , for example . 
  even within england there is a * big * division between northern english and southern english , and we have n't been separate countries since the danelaw in the 9th century . 
  the north has a set of very strong independent identities you could perhaps equate with texas in the states ( but without the religious nuttery ) . 
  you can see it coming out in , say , `` game of thrones '' , as whoever did the casting picked northerners to play ... well , northerners . 
  the english playing the lanisters and the targaryens are all from the south . 
  if the eu ever gets as far as being a federation , it will be a federation of federations on top of unions of even older countries . 
  as in the states , people still identify with a particular musical culture , or sexual culture , or what have you , but this is just * one * of their cultural identities , and not necessarily the one they would pick to describe themselves , or even the most important one . 
  i guess it just seems more important to americans because you have nothing much else separating you . 
  if , for example , new york had two thousand years of recorded history fighting connecticut and new jersey , dressed differently , had different cuisine , and spoke a completely different language , then new yorkers into heavy metal might identify much less strongly with people from new jersey who also liked metal . 
  the fact that they had the same musical taste would be less important than the fact they had to learn a common language before they could even communicate . 
  well , i admit i 'm prejudiced . 
  i did n't find esperanto to be easy at all , but i 've never had an aptitude for languages , and the teacher was n't particularly . . inspiring . 
  we called him `` esperanto man '' . 
  i ca n't even remember his actual name . 
  grammar school in north yorkshire . 
  we had a teacher who gave us a choice between french and esperanto for the non-optional `` general studies '' paper at a-level . 
  i opted for esperanto . 
  two lessons into the course and i desperately wanted to swap back to french - no dice . 
  8 ' - ( edit : haha !, 
  i just remembered , i went through the french language section during the exam anyway and guessed every answer , not having done it for 2 years . 
  i lucked out with a b. . 
  if esperanto was a food it would taste like cardboard . 
  sorry , i was forced to do it at school , and it got * right * up my nose . 
  it seems to me to be completely devoid of character , which is a consequence of trying to make it * not * sound too much like any existing language , just in case anyone got offended .
