  next time , make up something completely insane and try and sell it as the truth . 
  laughs will be had by all ... 
  next time , reply `` yes , but never in the same village '', 
  no , i 've had the same . 
  the only time i hear wwii discussed regularly is on november 11th . 
  as for `` outdated traditions '' , i have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  sounds like just another stupid stereotype . 
   how many europeans actually back that americans are fat stupid loud etc ? 
  when you bump into tourists in london you can often tell which ones are american because you can hear them well before you can see them . 
  i 've also been astonished at the level of ignorance of some americans about the world outside the us . 
  this includes otherwise bright people i have met from the us saying really incredibly silly things . 
  however , this is not true for * every single american * , just enough of them for it to be a * thing * . 
  i think a lot of people have had those experiences , which results in the very lazy stereotype `` americans are fat , loud and stupid '' . 
  i would add , that anyone with their head screwed on * knows * that it 's just a stupid stereotype , and does n't really believe that all americans are actually `` fls '' . 
   how prevalent is non-metric measuring systems ? 
  in the uk , day to day , we use both systems in parallel . 
  if i go and buy some cheese , i can buy it in grams or ounces . 
  when i talk about my weight , i know what it is in kg and stone . 
  when i go for a run , i primarily think in miles , but given a few seconds of head scratching i can figure out how many km that is . 
  are n't . 
  you 're missing the point , but i guess perhaps i should have written a longer post to start with , to avoid the inevitable snarky replies . 
  i 've spent 3 years in this subreddit . 
  i initially came in here as very pro-eu , but after 3 years of various nationalities spouting off about the uk , i am much more lukewarm about the whole thing . 
  the biggest issue i have is the notion that the uk should just go along with everything that france and germany demand of us . 
  it seems that whenever we do n't , we are being * obstructionist * or * anti-eu * , rather than simply having different ideas about where the eu should be going . 
  * that * is a form of thought-policing . 
  it is saying `` you must have our opinions , and not deviate from them at all '' . 
  it does n't seem like there is any room for negotiation for us . 
  for compromise . 
  we are just expected to tow the line , and when we do n't , everyone gets angry . 
  what baffles me most is that this does not seem to apply to either france or germany , they seem to be able to do as they please without anyone making a peep about it . 
  all of this taken together makes us feel like we are not really part of europe . 
  that is really a fuller explanation of what i meant when i said `` telling us what we should be thinking '' . 
  you said this :  you 're a european island off the coast of europe - deal with it . 
  that is telling us what to think . 
  well , there is not a lot i can say about that , except that i think you 're wrong , based on my own experiences . 
  the fact that australia is a hot place on the other side of the planet does n't seem to have had much of an impact beyond the fact that australians do n't moan about the weather as much as we do . 
   the impression , yes . 
  maybe the daily rag and the like push public opinion in that direction ? 
  for those that read `` the daily rag '' i 'm sure it does . 
  however , it 's possible to come to the conclusion we 're being screwed without reference to bad newspapers . 
  the financial transaction tax speaks for itself , for example . 
  it will disproportionately hit the uk above other european nations , and the tax will be used to shore up the collapsing euro - a project that the uk did not want to be a part of because we thought it was a bad idea . 
  we already have banks threatening to move to hong kong or singapore if the tax is enacted , and the last thing we want to do is push ourselves further into recession because of a mess not of our making . 
  how is that supposed to fill us with any confidence at all in the european project ? 
  i do n't know . 
  i 'm only telling you what i * do * know . 
  i do n't see how anyone from , say , bavaria , could think that the brits had more in common with them , than they did with , say , the average australian . 
  i 've spent a lot of time in both australia and new zealand . 
  i was last in sydney for 1 month last september . 
  i 've also worked with a lot of australians , kiwis and canadians ( and the odd american ) over the years whilst working in london . 
  we just have more in common with people from those places than we do with anyone from continental europe . 
  i see he deleted his rage-filled replies to the pair of us . 
  he used the word `` bitch '' a lot in them . 
  actually , looks like he might have deleted his account . 
  edit : nope , just the submitted link to / r/europe . 
  i think the last paragraph is totally off there . 
  we simply have much more in common with australia , new zealand , canada , and a few other english speaking nations , than we have in common with any european nation ( except ireland ) . 
  we would rather be closer to them , than to europe , and the closer we get to europe , the further away we get from them . 
  that is our first problem with europe . 
  our second problem is that europe is consistently * unfriendly * toward the uk . 
  we constantly get the impression that you 're collectively trying to screw us - case in point being the proposed `` europe wide '' financial transaction tax . 
  which is basically a proposed tax on the uk to help pay for the euro crisis . 
  hanging out with europe is like being asked to abandon an old group of familiar friends , and instead hang out with a bunch of people that do n't really like you very much , but for some reason get pissed off when you 're not around . 
  you know what the biggest thing is keeping the brits from thinking of themselves as europeans ? 
  europeans telling us what we should be thinking . 
  editorialised title . 
  and , tbh , i 'm not even sure what you mean by `` london , as always '' ? 
  and remember everybody - this scenario was brought to you * without * the added complications of peak oil , 10 billion people on the planet , further nuclear proliferation , and co2 levels finally passing the `` omfg '' level of 500ppm !, 
  it 's going to be interesting . 
  excellent film , btw . 
  you must see it if you never have done before . 
  it has some truly epic dialogue . 
  oh , dear god , that 's bad . 
   i 'm german and it says `` forbidden '' . 
  do n't you mean . . 
  authoritarian messages always sound better in german ;-d, 
  so , which states exactly are the ones that get propped up by the military ( and suppliers ) alone ? 
  yes , i think so . 
  although i 'd prefer to ask an american on the internals of us state wealth transfer , as i 'm sketchy on the subject , at best . 
  certainly , big chunks of the us are massive perpetual no-hope zones . 
  detroit is the best known example of this . 
  on a state-wide level , not sure . 
  soros came from virtually nothing , and made billions through brains , and his take ( practical critique , even ) on modern economics . 
  for that reason alone he should be taken very seriously . 
  he presents some well reasoned arguments in the article , which you do n't appear to have any arguments against . 
  instead you 've posted a cheesy video , with no substance , cut with a bunch of clips from `` children of men '' and some dodgy `` omg islam '' images . 
  yeah , not going to be taking you seriously at all , mate . 
  yeah . 
  the choice is a stark one . 
  if germany picks the first option , which is the easiest path from a voters perspective , a massive chunk of southern europe will be beggared for the foreseeable future . 
  that would not bode well for the future of the eu . 
  see the last two paragraphs of the article , for the slightly depressing ** tldr ; **  but the likelihood is that the euro will survive because a breakup would be devastating not only for the periphery but also for germany . 
  it would leave germany with large unenforceable claims against the periphery countries . 
  the bundesbank alone will have over a trillion euros of claims arising out of target2 by the end of this year , in addition to all the intergovernmental obligations . 
  and a return to the deutschemark would likely price germany out of its export markets -- not to mention the political consequences . 
  so germany is likely to do what is necessary to preserve the euro -- but nothing more . 
  that would result in a eurozone dominated by germany in which the divergence between the creditor and debtor countries would continue to widen and the periphery would turn into permanently depressed areas in need of constant transfer of payments . 
  that would turn the european union into something very different from what it was when it was a `` fantastic object '' that fired peoples imagination . 
  it would be a german empire with the periphery as the hinterland .
