  why in gods name would anyone want to join that ? 
   i do n't like the uk 's attitude towards a superstate being that it would be `` disastrous '' - it only is disastrous for the uk , in their eyes no , it would be disastrous for anyone in europe or on the periphery of europe not in , or not allowed in . 
  they would simply be economically and politically bullied by this `` super state '' . 
  you can see the beginnings of this already ; just look around this subreddit - veiled threats of being `` left behind '' , `` made irrelevant '' , or being made into a `` client state '' for those who oppose the `` new order '' . 
  and it would be none too good for those inside either . 
  this integration is being pushed ahead against the objections of ( i would bet ) a majority of europeans . 
  the attitude appears to be one of `` they do n't know what 's best for them '' or `` they ca n't be trusted to vote the * right * way '' . 
  treaties that should be put to referendum are being pushed through , the ones that get put up for vote and rejected are pushed through in another form . 
  the executive branch of the eu government is not directly elected , simply appointed . 
  the capital shifts between two cities , wasting large sums of money , merely to keep one of constituent nations from sulking . 
  what kind of state will this behavior give birth to ? 
  not one most people would want to live in . 
  maybe one day there will be a united europe , but , jesus christ ... not like this . 
  `` they do n't know what 's good for them general zod ! '', 
  there is that . 
  but then if you look at the kind of stuff the germans have been coming out with recently ; it gives me the willies . 
   but is n't that horribly selfish ? 
  what if we actually want to be a big pan-european nation , but we ca n't do it because we have the uk holding us back because they are afraid of how it will affect them ? 
  this is certainly how this subreddit has repeatedly painted us . 
  the anti-british sentiment in here is sometimes breathtaking . 
  swedes and swiss , and other eurosceptic nations within the eu are never at fault for speaking their mind , but the british are always painted as `` holding the eu back '' when they speak theirs . 
  i dispute the idea we are holding anything back because i do not believe the majority of europeans even want an eu superstate , at least not in the form it is emerging - undemocratic , dominated by germany , wasteful of resources and suffering from foolish mismanagement . 
  if we held a europe wide referendum on the subject * right now * i am betting the majority would be `` no '' . 
  it is a small elite born of the post war generation , and fearful of another war that are pushing this project ahead , seemingly against all objections . 
  if we are the only people who can stop it , then stop it we will . 
  that is n't selfish , it 's the only reasonable course of action . 
  the british have historically been interested in stability in europe . 
  having a massive , undemocratic superstate covering the continent , using its economic might to push everyone around and do its bidding ( the germans are trying this already ) is not stability , and will not be good for anyone . 
  why on earth would we let that happen when we could stop it ? 
   it 's just childish ; i imagine in their eyes they are ` saving us from ourselves ' but in our current state , the eu as an entity is weak on the global scale of politics . 
  who the fuck cares ? 
  as long as we are strong , economically , as a block , who cares how the rest of the world perceives us ? 
  we have two nuclear armed states in the eu , and enough resources to see off any potential aggressor . 
  beyond that , why would you care if the us or china or anyone else see 's us as a non-entity . 
  i would like to finish by saying that having a * different * vision of europe does * not * make you anti-european . 
  nor does it make you a xenophobe , anti-eu , or `` difficult '' . 
  it simply means that you see a different future , and you are willing to promote that future through debate , and through the use of your vote . 
  there is more than one possible future for europe . 
  the german way is not the only way , no matter what they say . 
  he can use the term `` we '' in that fashion because , whether you and your friends like it or not , the majority of brits do * not * want to be part of a federal eu . 
  this is the bit where you call us all dailymail reading xenophobes . 
   but really , i would n't call myself anti-british , far from it . 
  i like many things about the uk and i got several friends on your islands . 
  `` some of my best friends are black , but ... ''  what i do n't like is this british attitude towards the eu - you do n't want to be really part of it but neither get out , you sit on the sidelines but still want to be part of the game . 
  this is ridiculous . 
  the implication is that unless we think exactly as those who run the eu think we are `` anti-european '' . 
  there are many ways to be pro-europe without wanting an enormous semi-democratic superstate economically dominated by the germans . 
  our objections to the eu have been consistent across the years . 
  the british object to : * the cap , which is effectively a subsidy for french farmers . 
  * the eu fisheries policy , which has destroyed our fishing industry and our fish stocks , and is cited by icelanders as * one of the main reasons * they do not want to join the eu ; `` look at what happened to the british '' . 
  * attempts to impose laws and taxes detrimental to our economy or way of life . 
  recently , the germans have been talking about introducing a tax on financial exchanges ; 80 % of that tax would be paid by the british out of transactions going through the city of london . 
  it is basically a tax on the british to bail the germans out of the mess they 've created with the euro . 
  we would have to idiots to agree to it . 
  and you call us `` anti-european '' for these complaints . 
  unbelievable . 
   i have to say that that anti-british sentiment is one of the major features of this subreddit . 
  i agree . 
  when i came to this subreddit i was broadly pro-europe . 
  now , after having been here for a few months , after having seen volley after volley of attacks on britain and it 's people , veiled threats of being `` left behind '' or `` irrelevant '' if we do n't `` cooperate '' , i 've begun to conclude that our best possible course of action is to stay in the eu but do absolutely everything in our power to stop this nightmare-in-the-making from getting any stronger . 
  so you 're suggesting our choice is : be subsumed into a massive european superstate dominated by the germans , or become `` insignificant '' . 
  well , i do n't know about you guys , but i pick `` insignificant '' . 
   well , why not leave the eu and sign the european free trade agreement , and become part of the european economic area ? 
  because , bluntly , if we did that then the other european states would go ahead with further integration . 
  having an enormous pan-european empire on our doorstep has been something england , then britain , has been trying to prevent for at least 500 years . 
  it 's in our interests to stay in the eu , and dictate the course the eu takes away from further integration . 
  that 's a bit of a leap to make , is n't it ? 
  anyone who does n't want to be in a european superstate is a dailymail reading paranoiac ? 
  talk about patronizing . 
  there are perfectly sensible reasons for not wanting your own country to be absorbed into a larger super state that have nothing to do with reading the dailymail . 
   on the one hand the constant crisis in the eurozone is making people question how useful actually being a member of the eu really is . 
  on the other the proposed solution of federalisation and `` the united states of europe '' is completely incompatible with our national psyche , the very idea makes our skin crawl . 
  although this paragraph is going to offend some reddit-lovies , it 's true . 
  almost no one in the uk wants to be part of a european super state . 
  the very idea really does make my skin crawl . 
  because its in our national interests to be in the eu . 
  and the conservatives are not `` against the eu '' , they are simply against ceding further powers to the eu or joining the euro . 
  there are some loonies in the party that want to withdraw from the eu , but the press plays up their influence . 
  britain will never withdraw from the eu as long as the main parties retain power . 
  then , before she met me , how was my mental ex-girlfriend able to get no less than 7 abortions , in england , upon demand ? 
  she fulfilled none of those criteria . 
  i also know other women who 've had terminations , and not had to fulfill any of the above stated criteria . 
  i suspect the law on the subject has been changed since 1967 , and what you 've cited is just the initial `` abortion no longer illegal '' act . 
  the abortion laws are wrong for the uk , possibly elsewhere too . 
  this is a joke . 
  if i was a greek i 'd be ashamed to see this . 
  i 've bought from them through amazon , and was always very happy with the result . 
   steady decline , large distance to top manufacturers well , i do n't know where you got that link , but it does n't show what you think it shows . 
  it only shows * steady * decline for the united states and russia . 
  for everyone else but china , it shows about as close as you can get in the real world to steady-state . 
  in addition the graph shows we have ~ 5 % of global output , for a fraction of the population of the larger nations at ~ 25 % . 
  excellent news . 
  thank you for sharing :-)  norway has very little oil compared to the top exporters . 
  you have like 3 times the people of norway , yet half the reserves . 
  only in the north sea , which as i pointed out is not our only source of oil . 
  and unlike norway , we thankfully do n't have all our eggs in one basket :-)  yay . . fantasy money central !, 
  all money is fantasy . 
  it does n't matter as long as you can buy things in the real world with it . 
  we 've done * very * well out of taxation of the square mile , thanks . 
  it 's more than made up for all those oil reserves we 've not tapped yet .
