  ballsacks law, 
  ballsacks law, 
  brilliant . 
  as ever . 
  i hope the new series does the old one justice . 
  thanks for the vote of confidence , but we understand procrastination mixed with horseshit when we see it . 
  it took them less than [ seven years ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/euro#introduction_of_the_euro ) to come up with the euro . 
  that was * the euro * . 
  the cap is basically money shovelled at farmers and land owners . 
  call me cynical , but i think it likely someone might be reneging on their promise of cap reform . 
  ten . 
  years ? 
  truly [ excellent post ] ( http://assets0.ordienetworks.com/images/gifguide/clapping/citizen_cane.gif ), 
   cameron is digging his own grave , and one for your entire nation with it , and all you scream about is `` zomg german tyranny '' . 
  you seem to be immune to facts and reality , this is pointless , have a good day . 
  what the * facts * are is that the eu has no democratic mandate , and if it is to have a future at all the eurocrats need to get over their aversion to what they disparaging call `` populism '' , and everyone else calls `` democracy '' . 
   you should take a good look at how france , germany , benelux , italy etc. 
  make policy . 
  we sit together , talk , then find a compromise everyone can live with and put it into action . 
  somehow all these countries feel neither bullied nor suppressed by germany and france . 
  that 's a nice fairy story . 
   it 's only britain that wants special treatment on every issue . 
  yet again proving you did n't read the speech , or even understand it 's content second hand . 
   if acting by the same set of rules everyone else in the union has agreed upon is tyranny in your eyes then you should get your head checked . 
  if pretending that everyone agrees on a set of rules , and then refusing to discuss the rules if your idea of freedom , then you need to get your head checked . 
   it was britains decision not to be a part of the schengen zone , it was your very own decision to have border controls . 
  and if you do n't wan na be part of the club anymore then do n't expect to be threated as a full member with all the perks that brings with it . 
  i think you mean `` treated '' , but that was an apt slip , on your part . 
   and i am not afraid of this debate as i rest assured that the rest of the eu is not as batshit insane as the eurosceptics in britain . 
  you are gon na shot yourself in the foot and the rest of the union is gon na have a laugh and move on without you guys . 
  laugh all you want , but in the long run , we 'll be free of the tyranny people like you seek to impose on us . 
   it 's not a threat , it 's stating facts . 
  it 's a threat . 
  it 's a promise of exclusion from any free trade area . 
  it 's a promise of border controls . 
  it 's a promise of * you 'll make us pay for leaving * . 
  do n't piss on someone and then try and tell them it 's raining . 
   and we shall wait and see , i am gon na get my popcorn ready as soon as the referendum starts . 
  the referendum is the conclusion . 
  not the beginning . 
  we have a whoooole big long debate before then , about what people actually want . 
  you know , that conversation that you are so desperately frightened of , and are trying to shut down before it ever happens . 
   the only person threatening anyone is cameron oh really ? 
  what is this , if not an open threat ? 
   good luck with exiting the union , you sure as hell gon na need it when the last bit of your economy goes to shit and you fade into absolute obscurity on the international stage . 
   he 's trying to pressure the eu by threatening to leave if he does n't get it his way whenever he wants . 
  no , he 's trying to open a debate on the future of the eu , which you are trying to shut down . 
  if you read the speech , you see it is * for staying in the eu * . 
  but i doubt you 've actually done that . 
   the rest of us is cooperating just fine , i ca n't think of a single country that 's more opposed to the majority opinion of the rest of the union on so many issues than britain . 
  we are sick of it and honestly ca n't wait for you guys to leave . 
  what hubris . 
  you do n't speak for the whole of europe , mate . 
  we shall wait and see how things go . 
  good luck with threatening every nation that wants to open up a debate on the future of the eu . 
  i 'm sure that will lead to a highly successful country , free of strife . 
  frankly , i 'd rather be free and poor , than forced to share a country with authoritarians who think they know what 's best for me without asking . 
  i 'm sure as hell not going to miss hissy-fit germans who think they can tell us what to think . 
   my point stands , if british people decide that the issue is not important enough to give their vote to the ukip then they obviously think that the benefits of voting for the pro-eu parties outweighs the negative things of staying in the oh-so-unwelcome eu . 
  if that was the case , the pm would not have felt that he had to offer the referendum . 
   you do n't like how labour and the tories ( at least until cameron ) stand on the issue of european integration ? 
  do n't vote for them or form your own party , i am getting sick off all this bitching and whining 24/7 . 
  oh , right , you 're one of those . 
  i 'm tempted to vote `` out '' in a few years , just so i do n't end up in the same country as people who say things like this , whenever anyone asks for a debate on a subject . 
  it 's a disturbing way of attempting to shut down an argument . 
  if you think that the ukip not winning a general election is indicative of widespread british support for a federal eu , then you are completely barmy . 
  okay , fair enough . 
  but in order for eu integration to be truly democratic , everyone in the eu needs to approve of it in the majority , regardless of nationality . 
  sneering at cameron is all well and good , but he does have a point . 
  in the uk , no one has even had the common courtesy to * ask us * if we were * for * this form of integration . 
  we were asked in the 1970s if we wanted to be a member of the eec , and we voted `` yes '' , but there was no vote on the eu , no vote on further integration , and no vote on whether we wanted to be a part of what the eu will become . 
  many here are violently opposed to being a future member of a federal state , and shouting them down and calling them names is only going to make it look like the debate is being stifled . 
  like people are being deliberately shut up for holding a particular view . 
  arguments * for * inevitable federalisation sound very much like threats , and that has not gone down well at all . 
  nor has the repeated assertion that there is no alternative than the path that has been laid out before us , that * we have no choice * . 
  there is always a choice . 
  so i welcome a serious and open discussion about where we want the eu to go . 
  and once that has been fully decided , amongst the eus constituent nations , each nation can then make up its mind about whether it wants to be a part of that or not . 
   i do n't know how you do it in the netherlands , but over here in germany our elected government parties all stand for a strong european integration and clearly said so before being elected . 
  just a moment - if that is the case , then it 's not possible to vote against integration , is it ? 
  this is ridiculous . 
  if we were going to bother moving the whole country , * obviously * we 'd move it further south , where it 's sunny . 
  yeah , i know . 
  but i also know many people will jump on it as legitimate criticism , so i 'm just providing a little counter-balance . 
  i did not know that . 
  i actually quite liked vanilla sky . 
  had no idea it was a remake . 
  gwtdt remake was well acted and directed , and more polished , but i preferred the original because i quite fancy noomi rapace . 
  but ... was n't the hagia sophia built by a bunch of greeks ? 
  and `` let the right one in '' , `` my father the hero '' ( the original is * hilarious * ) , `` the girl with the dragon tattoo '' and it 's sequels , `` funny games '' , `` nikita '' , `` the wave '' , `` rec '' ... thankfully they have not yet remade `` das boot '' , `` run , lola , run '' , `` pans labyrinth '' , or `` the orphanage '' . 
  i do n't get the fad for doing remakes of non-english language films and programmes . 
  people keep doing them , and they are almost never as good as the originals . 
  i 'm not a monarchist , but this really is manufacturing a storm in a tea cup . 
  it 's not like he was caught on tape talking about `` slotting ragheads '' , and taking ears off of corpses , is he ? 
  he said he killed some people . 
  if he had n't killed anyone flying one of those things then he would probably be totally inept . 
   `` imagine we are a football club . 
  you join the football club - but once you are in , you can not say ` let 's play rugby ' , '' he added . 
  coming from a nation that consistently ignores eu laws when they become inconvenient , this is pretty rich . 
  that is absolutely ridiculous .
