  not even the time-linked-clip i put to in one of the links ? 
  that 's just lazy . 
  especially if you 're going to make appeal to authority arguments in which you claim you 're the authority . . such as :  i do n't need to . 
  i remember the events when they happened . 
  i was there . 
  so you know better than politicians such as tony benn and edward heath , because `` you were there '' , and by implication , they were n't ? 
  sure , mate . 
  sure . 
   because the electorate gave the `` wrong '' answer ? 
  the only possible conclusion is they were misled ? 
  no , the actual politicians of the time saying the electorate were misled is what says they were misled . 
  watch the links i gave you . 
   information was harder to come by in those days , but there were books that published the full text of treaty you could buy , or lend from your local library . 
  so you think a sensible course of action for the entire electorate was to go to the local library and check out a book ( which book ? ), 
  to determine whether or not their government was lying to them ? 
   most people prefer analysis and commentary to raw data , there was a wide and informed national debate . 
  there were wide selection of newspapers , plus the usual tv and radio programmes . 
  indeed there was . 
  and the head of the labour party came out and said that he opposed `` handing away sovereignty '' to a government overseas . 
  he even used the words `` it will be the end of a thousand years of history '' . 
  you can see his speech in the link i gave . 
  in response the prime minister of the time publicly and categorically stated that the eec was an economic and trade organisation , and that any fears of loss of sovereignty were completely unfounded . 
  again , you can see all of that , including the speeches , in the link i gave . 
   there were plenty of independent , non-governmental sources of analysis and commentary . 
  it is simply a lie to claim it was `` fixed '' , and disrespectful to the people who voted , just because you happen to disagree with the outcome . 
  take it up with the bbc , and the people they interviewed who were involved in the process , they seem to disagree . 
  where exactly would the average uk citizen get themselves a copy of the treaty , in 1973 ? 
  the internet ? 
  the idea that the uk populace was deliberately conned ( by it 's own government ) in 1973 is supported by [ this bbc documentary ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x5hawmir29w ) , and by the [ politicians interviewed ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k9ghidvof44&amp;t=2m23s ) . 
  it 's a lie that has messed up much of uk politics for the last 40 years . 
   10 years out of the eu and the uk has to change its entire global strategic policy !? 
  no one at the time had a crystal ball . 
  how was anyone to know it was `` only '' going to be 10 years ? 
  what was the uk supposed to do . . wait , on the off chance that one day the uk `` might be allowed in '' ? 
   i found this for you . 
  and i found [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x5hawmir29w ) for you . 
  see comments around 40:15 . 
  watch all 4 parts if you can . 
  notice that de gaulle 's actions were met with shock and surprise , and a sense of utter , utter betrayal . 
  this was our wartime ally , publicly slipping a knife between our ribs . 
  members of the diplomatic corps were in tears . 
  people were sat in the auditorium , mouths agape at at the insult . 
  is it any wonder that there has been a strong eurosceptic movement since that point ? 
  is it any wonder the europhiles in the british government and civil service lost both power and influence when de gaulle waved his veto around in the air ? 
  the one where he rejected the uk application out of spite , leaving the uk no option but to become more `` atlanticist '' in the first place . 
  i think prime ministers have expected such behaviour ever since that incredibly patronising public speech de gaulle gave about the uk in the '60s . 
  that , and the inuit . 
  this was all in jared diamond 's `` collapse '' . 
  as long as russia behaves itself , iceland has no more need of protection than the rest of northern europe . 
  i did n't know the name . 
  that 's probably it . 
  no argument here . 
  the whole thing was well played by iceland , you got what you wanted without a shot being fired . 
  the article was n't written especially for / r/europe . 
  and it takes a minimal amount of effort to scan the article and see what the city means if you do n't already know . 
  [ proper noun ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/proper_noun )  in english , it is the norm for recognized proper names to be capitalized . 
  i 'm assuming you know what the difference is between `` the white house '' and `` the white house '' , so i do n't get why you 're pursuing this argument . 
   what do you mean ? 
  the us airforce used that airbase while it was conducting exercises in 2008 . 
  the primary audience for the article , in the uk , would have known exactly what was being referred to when the phrase `` the city '' was employed . 
  the fact that a capital `` c '' is being used is indicative that it 's a proper noun in any english dialect , not just british english . 
  are you kidding me ? 
  of course they are . 
  especially when the outcome of the greatest unfought conflict of the history of the world was at stake ( the cold war ) . 
   they just showed up , unannounced , and expected to be able to snoop around . 
  they were told to leave . 
  so it was n't part of the deal iceland did with the us ? 
  that 's cheeky . 
   the last us service members left in 2006 . 
  permanent maybe . 
  they were still using it periodically in 2008 . 
  do n't know if its mothballed , or what . 
  unwilling , not unable . 
  the frigates were not allowed to open fire . 
  as for who was being aggressive , well , that was 6 of one and half a dozen of the other . 
  the icelanders , were , after all , attacking unarmed trawlers with armed coast guard vessels . 
   the bundesmarine was absent , we only had trawlers in the area , so `` belligerent '' is a wide assumption it 's not really an assumption . 
  german fishing trawlers were attacked and their nets were cut , and the germans just rolled over and took it . 
  the british decided not to , but there was little they could do without ultimately risking nato as a whole . 
  if iceland had broken from nato it would have imperilled nato 's position in the north atlantic . 
  the americans were freaking the fuck out when it looked like a shooting war might start . 
   now that 's having balls of steel . 
  it 's calling a bluff , knowing full well the other guys will do nothing at all . 
  it 's that knowledge that led there to there being 3 cod wars rather than just 1 . 
  would have to ask an icelander , but i suspect that the fbi operating in iceland was probably something to do with the deal where iceland was guaranteed us military protection in the event of attack . 
  silly move by the americans , the icelanders could use the ultimate sanction and ask the us military based there to leave . 
  of course , they 'd lose any guarantee of protection if they did that . 
  do n't know what the above poster said , but that 's not exactly what happened during the [ `` cod wars '' ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cod_wars ) . 
  btw : germany did n't exactly come out of that one covered in glory , either , as it was a belligerent in the `` second cod war '' . 
  it 's ambiguous english , and used to confuse me too . 
  in this instance ' * have cake * ' means to eat it . 
  and then ' * and eat it * ' means to eat it a second time . 
   this is where the technicalities begin . 
  only because you claimed slaves do n't appear in census records . 
  i 'm not sure if that 's true . 
  indentured servants who were then freed would have been in the census . 
   yes after the cromwellian invasion a great deal would have been described as indentured servants but in reality few to none would have been free after the 7 years . 
  do you have any links on this ? 
   that 60,000 figure does not include barbados , montserratt etc which were the main export destination though . . that 's true ( but i 'm not sure about `` main destination '' ) . 
  but you could n't have dumped over 200,000 people in less than ten years on small caribbean islands and not have had historians notice .
