  the uk government has not been `` smearing shit over continental nations for decades '' . 
  it 's all in your head . 
  i 've heard worse from french pms about the uk than i 've heard here . 
  no it was n't . 
  it was tory party internal politics . 
  he was given the post by may so he would n't be outside her cabinet stirring up trouble within the tory party against her . 
  viewing his appointment as some kind of snub from the uk as a whole to the eu is just silly . 
  so , farage has never been in government and boris is a floppy haired idiot placed in a non-job to keep him out of the way . 
  you said that the uk * government * had been `` smearing shit '' over continental nations * for decades * and your principle examples are one man who 's only just made it into the cabinet notorious for stupid comments , and someone else who 's never held office ? 
  thats it ? 
  your dislike of the uk stems from 2 guys ? 
  have you got anything better ? 
  like official statements or policy , or ... anything really from a prime minister , deputy prime minister , someone who matters ? 
  i 'm sure you tell yourself that every day . 
   the uk is not london . 
  well duh . 
   i ca n't believe i have to tell you this , but there 's an entire country out there with a complete different view of the world than those living within the m25 . 
  and many working people in london are originally from one of those places , including me . 
  thanks for the arrogant and patronising assumptions though , i 'm beginning to see why no one in the uk seems to like you . 
  hint - it ai n't because you 're romanian . 
   uk politicians and government officials have been smearing shit all over the eu and the continental nations for domestic purposes for decades . 
  i 'd like to see an example of this `` smearing shit '' , with regards to continental nations . 
  its not the first time i 've seen this claim in this subreddit , but no one has ever been able to back it up . 
   thank you for telling me what to think about my own personal experiences . 
  i work with some romanians , in london . 
  they love the city and plan to stay here long term . 
  one of them got married here just yesterday . 
  i 'm sorry if you 've had a bad experience living in the uk , but its atypical . 
  ironically you talk a lot about peddling hatred in the absence of unbiased fact ... but that is exactly what you 've been doing all along . 
  clearly you have a real problem with the uk , and no comment here will change your mind . 
  however i would suggest that is * your * problem , and not one shared by your countrymen . 
  eu negotiators right now : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jtmxhvgzisy, 
   i fail to understand why people ca n't see that a fair deal is in the interests of both parties . 
  this may be our perspective . 
  it might not be shared in brussels though :  `` you have to understand that junker , and merkel . . their greatest nightmare is a mutually advantageous agreement with britain '' source : yanis varoufakis on brexit [ bbc newsnight ] https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n3zjlfslapg, 
  no you have n't . 
  you 've just seen an excuse to give vent to your already existing bigotry . 
  poor you , having to put up with the uk preventing a full on federation for 40 years . 
  what trauma , having to watch the eu expand eastward despite federalist objections . 
  my heart bleeds , worlds smallest violin , etc etc. 
  if its worth doing at all , and i do n't think it is , but if it is , whats 40 years in the grand scheme of things ? 
  nothing . 
  come down out of that tree son , and pass me whatever the fuck it is you 've been smoking up there . 
  triggered since 1973 . 
  that is the most ass-backwards justification i 've seen for this : `` lets try and fine the uk billions for not collecting taxes that we think they should have collected to spend on themselves '' added to that the fact that valuations for a large number of goods fluctuates daily , and therefore will * always * be open to legal challenge , and this begins to look like what it is - another eu shakedown for more money . 
  if you knew anything about boris , you 'd know he only ever represents boris . 
  so , excluding financial services , what agreements were the uk trying to secure on what services that ( according to / u/new-atlantis ) were making it hard for the eu to conclude ttip ? 
  not really . 
  when edrogan does something people say `` edrogan '' not `` the turks '' . 
  when merkel makes the headlines its `` merkel '' not `` the germans '' . 
  and yet when its flipping boris johnson in a non-job suddenly its fine for this sub to conflate boris with the whole of the uk ? 
  pull the other one . 
  that looks like rubbish to me ; got anything to back it up ? 
  so , not `` the brits '' , but one single man . 
  in theory ... but i think corbyn will stay after his defeat , citing the snap election as the cause . 
  there will be no new opposition , just fewer seats for the current one . 
  imo , it 's incredibly cynical , and it 's bad for the country . 
  at the moment , because of the walking cluster fuck that is jeremy corbyn , we do not have an effective opposition in the uk . 
  a decent opposition is essential for a healthy and well functioning democracy . 
  what may is doing is going straight for labours ' throat when they are at their weakest , ensuring they will have a very low seat count in the new parliament and ca n't mount any real kind of opposition to whatever the government plans in the next 5 years . 
  this is bad news for everyone , as the right wing of the conservative party is about to be handed the country on a plate , for 5 ... whole ... years . 
  god alone knows the damage they 'll do . 
  it 's le anglophobia soup garnished with a sprig of dae hate americans . 
  stop . 
  just stop . 
  what was the most recent example of our `` media '' collectively `` shitting '' on another european country ? 
  you do also realise that you 're doing exactly what you 're accusing the brits of doing , right ? 
  you must be new here ... 
  did you know that during the c17th the french stereotype of the english was of an overly-emotional , even hysterical , people ? 
  i do n't really buy this whole more emotional/less emotional country nonsense . 
  we 're all human beings . 
  even if you choose not to show emotion for societal reasons , does n't mean you do n't feel it . 
  the poll is very silly , imo . 
  so , no one could possibly have changed their opinion in 20 years ? 
  three things : * uk citizens live there , and do n't want to be argentine . 
  * there is a lot of oil . 
  * solidifies the british claim on its section of antarctica , which may prove useful in the future . 
  i was born in germany , and lived my first 5 years there . 
  i actually quite like the sound of the german language . 
  pablospiceywhiner was just an easy mark for my jokes , silly sausage that he is . . 
  whilst i agree with jedibeeftrix on the content of the article , in answer to your question :  britain , as the continent 's third-largest economy after germany and france , has had a crucial role in shaping european policy , pushing the bloc toward freer trade and away from political federalism . 
  and it has helped preserve the rights of others to opt out of unwanted initiatives like the euro . 
  with decisions on fiscal policy , bank supervision and financial regulation likely to be made in the near future , britain 's voice is needed more than ever to protect british interests and larger european ones as well . 
  it 's my poor attempt at being funny - it 's a semi-plausible british surname , but it 's also just a hint that `` this is bollocks '' . 
  ballsack -  ball sack -  bollocks . 
  pablospiceywhiner , you are hilarious . 
  why are you so angry all the time ? 
  it 's why you project it onto other people , you know . 
  you are * still sore about that * ? 
  firstly , i did not actually bring up hitler , and secondly , i did n't use the gas chamber crack to shut down an argument , only to wind you up , just as you were trying to do to me . 
  i know , i 'm getting sick of it , frankly . 
  i 'm approaching middle age , and was born well after the empire collapsed . 
  the fixation with the empire seems to be confined to people outside the uk . 
  i do n't know anyone who wants it back , or thinks of it with anything other than a slight sense of embarrassment . 
  i sense that it is being used to dismiss any eurosceptic argument without actually examining the content of the argument . 
  it 's the intellectual equivalent of saying to a german `` i 'm not going to listen to any of your opinions because hitler '' . 
  we need an equivalent of godwins law to point out this lazy form of shutting down an argument . 
  edit : how about this - `` ballsacks law : as a conversation on the merits and deficits of the european union progresses , the tendency of posters to accuse the uk of a desire to reinstitute the british empire approaches 1 . '', 
  just so we 're clear - when we have tens of millions of starving and desperate people trying to cross the med to get into europe from saharan and sub-saharan africa , are you going to be the one manning the machine guns to keep them out ? 
  are you prepared to pull the trigger ?
