  is this some kind of half arsed attempt at threatening me ? 
  i 've no idea what you 're on about . 
  that 's not how debates work , mate . 
  if you make an extraordinary assertion , you then have to back it up with some form of evidence , * any * form of evidence , in fact . 
  of course , if you make an assertion for which you have no evidence at all , then you can always try and deflect the argument away from your own assertion and onto something unrelated in an attempt to conceal the fact that you ca n't back up anything you 've said . 
  which is what you 're doing , right now . 
  so , once more with feeling : can you provide any evidence to back up your claim that the uk benefits from its membership of the eu , but that the eu does not benefit from uk membership ? 
  so you do n't have any numbers to back up your assertion that the uk benefitted but the eu did not , is that correct ? 
   britain is the one who was/is profiting from the whole eu deal . 
  not the other way around . 
  you made this claim , which / u/lightgrip refuted with some simple numbers about the uk 's current contribution . 
  do you have any supporting numbers to back up your claim that the uk benefits but the eu does not , or are you just going to continue to make quips about altruism ? 
  edit : grammar, 
  what do you mean `` it does n't seem to matter to may '' ? 
  `` things are going really badly , what do we do ? '', 
  `` add more eu cos more eu will make things better '' 3 . 
  go to 1 . 
   everything de gaulle has ever done after the war , heck even during the war , was to make france strong and independant both from the usa and the ussr . 
  interesting , but i do n't think i agree . 
  de gualle changed his mind on a number of aspects of `` europe '' over the years , and none of it had anything to do with the us . 
  at first , he was opposed to it entirely ( and the americans are , and have always been , vastly in favour ) , then later he was for it , but wanted to keep the british out , and finally he was for it , and wanted the british in . 
  if his principle motivation was to `` make france strong '' in opposition to the us and the ussr , then he went about it in a very strange way . 
  i think you might be able to explain his changing attitude over the years in a number of ways . 
  at first , he may well have been opposed to europe because it would necessarily include germany - in fact , churchill had to lecture european politicians on the fact that a europe without germany was simply impossible . 
  then , i think at some point de gualle must have been convinced by his advisers that france could somehow drive europe by keeping germany `` under control '' and getting them to fund various french projects , such as the cap - this has been a principle conceit of french politicians for decades . 
  at that point , the last thing he would have wanted would be the british getting involved and muddying the relationship between france and germany . 
  lastly , he must have realised that the british were so desperate to get in that they would agree to pretty much anything in order to be admitted to the club , and at that point he realised they could be squeezed for all they were worth , and so was in favour of letting them in . 
  so yes , i agree that what he did , he did in the interest of france , but i think you 've misidentified what he thought of as france 's principle antagonist - it was never the us , it was always some combination of germany and the uk . 
  the trouble with what he did , is that he acted in the interests of france * alone * ; not in the interests of european unity as a whole . 
  britain 's relationship with europe was soured very early on largely because of de gualle 's actions , and by what was viewed as an overly costly series of concessions that were demanded upon our entry to the eec . 
  there is some blame to spread around at home , too . 
  heath 's government shoulders a lot of the blame for lying to the public about the nature of the european project . 
  if you want to look at all of this from the british perspective i recommend ( and have done in here often ) a bbc documentary called `` the poisoned chalice '' , which you can find on youtube . 
  those were his excuses . 
  you have to remember that politicians are people , and people often make decisions based on emotion , and then try to rationalise them after the fact . 
  de gualle , when he vetoed the british accession the first time around , gave no indication he was going to use a veto until the last minute . 
  when he used it , in the press conference afterwards , he was clearly enjoying the moment immensely . 
  you can see it in the video , and it is very telling . 
  it had nothing to do with fears about the uk being some kind of us trojan horse , it was all about giving the finger to the brits , with whom de gualle had always had a problem , right back to his time as general in the second world war . 
  well , it really depends . 
  if some of the posters in here get their way the abiding memory of those people will be of an eu that deliberately and maliciously caused economic shocks because their collective ego was bruised . 
  an eu that that generation would think of as an unfriendly neighbour at best , an enemy at worst . 
  who would want to rejoin that ? 
  `` fear will keep the local systems in line . 
  fear of this battle station . '', 
  even discounting that money the uk were still ahead of france by billions . 
  this whole clusterfuck is less believable than anything a room full of coked-up writers could ever have come up with : `` think that 's a twist ? 
  fuck you , this is a twist ; bam ! '', 
  yes . 
  is threatening physical force the equivalent of withholding information ? 
  of course it is n't . 
  stop with the rubbish analogies . 
  oh no , do n't make our spies less relevant to europe !, 
  whatever will we do ? 
   you voted over ideology and dogma . 
  i 'm quite rational about this . 
  what an incredibly arrogant statement . 
   as if uk politicians have n't been blaming every domestic problem on the eu for the past 30 years that is a hilarious exaggeration which the euroflags on this sub have , unfortunately , completely bought into . 
  the lack of attendance by the younger voters was one reason why leave won . 
  europe should n't bend over backwards for people that ca n't be arsed to vote . 
  [ shoot zem , shoot zem both ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p5qs8dhthqm ), 
   `` abuse '' eu : `` do you want to join the euro ? '', 
  uk : `` no thanks , that sounds like a disaster in the making . '', 
  eu : `` abuse ! '', 
  fuck me , i ca n't remember . 
  it was northern england 20 years ago . 
  and yet that is what the headline specifically implies is possible . 
  says the turk, 
   like , when you stop paying for the gym , do you tell them they 're petty if they wo n't let you use their sauna ? 
  :0 if i part paid for the actual construction of the gym , yeah i 'd be pissed if i was told all my money was effectively wasted . 
  and so the petty threats continue . 
  we are being set up to be europes new bad guys , just wait and see . 
  this brexit shit has already escalated beyond hysteria . 
  when the next crisis hits europe it will be 2 heartbeats before something like der spiegel publishes an article somehow pinning it on the uk . 
  yes they are . 
  i learned much of irish history , the boer wars , and colonial british india at 14-16 . 
  in short , you have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  this just in : brits * may be * unable to breathe oxygen generated by trees in the eu post-brexit, 
  so have all the other european tax havens, 
  i know . 
  a big block of bollocks , and its currently standing at 22 upvotes . 
  its almost as hilarious as the crap that came out in the `` what do you know about the uk ? '', 
  thread . 
  i have the dvds - well worth it . 
  they are responsible for what they do . 
  and you are still responsible for what you do . 
  think about that next time you try and drum up old hatreds and say shitty things about entire nations of people . 
  you keep avoiding your * personal * responsibility for peddling hatred by pointing at things that other people did , often long ago . 
  you are responsible for what you say . 
  not someone else . 
  you . 
  there you go with the ethnic hate again . 
  what drives you to spend so much if your life spewing bile on line ? 
  do you think ethnic hate is sometimes okay ? 
  so are psychos who spread hatred online . 
  first step in getting help mate , is admitting you have a problem . 
  i 'm not asking you to do anything other than drop the pretence that you do n't hate the british . 
  i mean , i 've seen you call all english people `` cunts '' because our government has n't apologised for the famine , and refer to any irishman who fought for the uk in wwi a `` traitor '' . 
  thats just 2 examples of many . 
  you 're kind of a nutter , mate .
