  we could call it `` freedom fusion '' ? 
  not exactly . 
  it 's the unburned plutonium ( not the uranium ) in the waste that can be used to make weapons , but you need to extract the plutonium first . 
  because it 's `` nuclear '' and because even fusion will produce * some * radioactive waste . 
   yeah , because the energy companies are just waiting to build new plants . 
  oh wait , they do n't . 
  they have invested in nuke tech in the 70s and just try to milk every cent out of that without any intention to create new plants . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  there have been a lot of attempts at building new plants , but objections from `` environmentalists '' and nimbys make it so difficult that sites do n't get approved . 
  in addition , the government wo n't fund development of new forms of nuclear power station because of exactly the above reasons . 
  water cooled uranium reactors were never originally considered to be the end all and be all of nuclear power , it was only step 1 up the nuclear technological ladder . 
  we never even got to step 2 . 
  we 've just spent 60 years trying to improve the design of step 1 . 
  there is a good book on the subject , that i 'd [ recommend ] ( http://www.amazon.co.uk/superfuel-thorium-energy-source-future/dp/0230116477/ref=sr_1_1?ie=utf8&amp;qid=1346934201&amp;sr=8-1 ) , not that anyone on reddit actually ever reads books that contain controversial things like `` facts '' , but i can but try . . 
   maybe we wo n't have any thorium plants within 20-30 years . 
  that seems unlikely to me . 
  we built proof of concept thorium reactors 50 years ago . 
  the modern lftr design is good design because it 's simple , and we 've already solved the 50-year-old engineering problems along the way building other kinds of reactor . 
  i ca n't see why building one would take 20 years given any kind of concerted effort . 
   costs money , time , technology , fuel and at the same time we want fusion . 
  money and time are costs , of course . 
  technology is n't a cost , and the engineering challenges we know of have already been solved . 
  and as for fuel , thorium reactors use . . well , thorium , which we are currently just throwing away . 
  there are slag heaps of the stuff in the ` states because no one knows what to do with it . 
  it 's a by-product of other forms of mining , typically mining for the rare earth metals used in mobile phones . 
  we would need * some * uranium to begin with , but far less than the amount currently required for modern reactor . 
   i know about thorium , however i do not know how much of it there is in europe in europe , norway has vast reserves . 
  it 's a common element in the earth 's crust , overall . 
  we have enough of it to power the planet for thousands of years . 
  about a handful is enough for all the power 1 westerner uses over a lifetime . 
  have a look at the `` energy from thorium '' blog . 
  true . 
  but until we get it , we need something practical we can use instead of fossil fuels . 
  much of the radioactive `` waste '' from nuclear can be used as fuel . 
  instead , it gets buried because no one wants to invest in new nuclear technologies . 
  as a result , we `` burn up '' about 5 % of the uranium in fuel rods , before throwing the rest away . 
  it 's an irony of the current environmental movement that if they just supported new nuclear development , we 'd end up with less waste , not more . 
  i 'm gob-smacked that the otherwise fairly technologically sensible germans have turned their back on nuclear , and are deluding themselves that they 'll be able to run the country on 100 % renewables . 
  it was obvious they were going to have to step back to burning coal , a non-renewable resource which produces pollution , co2 , and , ironically , radioactive waste . 
  about # 15 and 87 pence . . 
   on the other , do n't we have a burden as white men ? 
  i 'm sure you did n't mean it the way it comes across - but , really , do not use the phrase `` white mans burden '' . 
  it 's a phrase from a poem by kipling about the `` duties '' of the west in imposing `` civilisation '' upon the rest of the world . 
  yeah , but the article was written by a self-flagellating little dweeb who spends his life trying to remind everyone in the uk how shit they are . 
  `` hey , did you guys forget you were shit ? 
  well , do n't !, 
  let me count the myriad of ways in which you suck . . '', 
  well , it must take some mental gymnastics to come to that conclusion . 
  where there have been referendums on the `` treaties '' the eu has drawn up , the answer has frequently been `` no '' . 
  however , national governments have simply been told by the eu that this is the `` wrong '' answer , and to come up with the right one . 
  many of the treaties the constituent eu nations have signed up for have no popular support in the nations that now have them as law . 
  indeed , `` populism '' , meaning doing what the electorate actually wants , is a dirty word within the governing bodies of the eu . 
  that is a big problem , and attempting to get around it by claiming that democratically elected governments ( which the eu has repeatedly demonstrated it can remove at will , which is surely a motive for governmental cooperation ) are behind it is a bit of a cop out . 
  as a trading block , the eu is great , but this rush toward federal integration , steamrollering any and all objections along way , replacing uncooperative governments , forcing cooperation through threats , ignoring referendum results , will all eventually achieve the opposite of what the eu set out to do . 
  as it stands it * is * very much a bureaucratic institution . 
  so , yes , i stand by my original statement . 
  the eu , as it stands now , is an institution created by bureaucrats , without democratic mandate , and will ultimately fail unless it changes , and i see no sign of change . 
   ridiculous . 
  none of them were made up through a proces where all sides agreed to join . 
  i hate to be that guy , but ... no one in europe has signed up for a federal eu either . 
  there is no `` all sides agreed to join '' if we are talking about democratic mandate . 
  instead of a bunch of aristocrats creating superstates , we now have a bunch of bureaucrats creating them . 
  this is not an improvement . 
  you 're required to show id ? 
  oh do n't be silly . 
  of course this is about equality . 
  differing amount of money changing hands on the basis of your gender is the very definition of sexual inequality . 
  and for most music lovers - you do n't go to concerts to pick up girls , you go because you love the music . 
  the `` product '' you are paying for is the artist , not the women attending . 
  solution : buy a girls ticket and turn up in drag . 
  what are they going to do , insist on checking to see if you have goolies ? 
  well , it 's not in the main uk press yet , but this is reuters , so i 'm assuming for now that it 's true . 
  what can we say about this ? 
  it 's simply awful . 
  something has to be done to rein in the banks , they 've behaving like robber barons . 
  it would surprise me if they tried that - even if 100 % successful they would look like the worlds biggest arseholes . 
  and what would they do if they met resistance from assange , uk armed police , or the ecuadorians ? 
  start shooting ? 
  no , they 'll do the usual . 
  apply threats and pressure to the uk government behind the scenes to get what they want . 
   do you not think that a popular regional assembly would be able to push for increased powers ? 
  if the people in a region can get a referendum on an assembly , then they can surely get a referendum on a stronger assembly . 
  as i said above , they do not have the ability to choose to secede from the union if things do n't go their way . 
  they are toothless organisations . 
   who exactly are you asking to offer england a referendum on devolution ? 
  if , as you say , england is desperately crying out for a devolved parliament , surely it would be able to find some way to offer itself a referendum . 
  last time i checked , england had a substantial number of mps sitting in westminster . 
  what on earth do you think the west lothian question is about ? 
  no one in parliament likes the suggested solutions ( such as an english parliament ) , and so they dither and do nothing . 
  westminster knows that an english parliament , and any form of resurgent english nationalism would be problematic for the union . 
  if the scots can ask where all their oil revenue is going , then england can start asking where all the cash from , say , the city of london is being spent . 
  an english parliament is a potential threat to the union , and that is why england was only offered regional assemblies . 
  as all the major parties in westminster are effectively unionist parties , none of them want to admit what the only remaining solution to the west lothian question is , because they do n't like the answer . 
   the problem you are glossing over is that `` england '' as a single entity with a single mind , really does n't exist . 
  it will never agree with itself long enough to make anything like a single english parliament a reality . 
  that 's a bit of a daft thing to say given that england has been a nation for over a thousand years . 
  i 'm really not glossing over anything , and i really do n't think anything * other * than an english parliament is realistic in the long run . 
  give it a few years , with the further devolution of powers or the beginning of the break up of the union , we 'll see an upsurge in english identity , and with it corresponding political fallout . 
  i think it 's already too late for a federal solution , which would have been my preferred choice , and so my bet is now that we 're looking at 3 separate nations on this island before the century is out . 
  i 'll take that as a yes .
