  ah , the `` slippery slope '' argument . 
  so you 're saying that one minute german troops will be preventing genocide in some corner of the world along with the forces of other nations , and the very next , they 'll be marching into warsaw again , right ? 
  the fact remains that if any form of serious further european integration is to work in the long run , we will need a joint european force that can be deployed outside of europe , and the germans will have to get over their wwii hand-wringing . 
  you ca n't have europe 's strongest economy refusing to bear its share of the military burden on the grounds that it `` does n't like it '' . 
   the sole purpose of the german army is to defend germany . 
  i addressed this elsewhere . 
  in nato , germany gains all the benefits of large military alliance without bearing much in the way of risks , or costs . 
  to give an example : say a fellow member of nato was attacked . 
  lets use turkey as an example , as they share a border with syria . 
  technically , as a member of nato germany should send troops to help their ally . . yet presumably this conflicts with their constitution ( not sending troops abroad ) . 
  so presumably , germany expects the rest of nato to send troops if it were ever attacked , but currently , it will never reciprocate . 
  my question is : how on earth can germans even attempt to justify this position ? 
   this is not outdated at all . 
  instead it could be argued that a lot of problems that we have nowadays in a lot of `` hot spots '' of the world would not exist , if it were not for western interference . 
  plus , most ( post wwii ) wars fought by the western nations were not won by them . 
  this is advocating an * isolationist * policy . 
  in effect you are saying this : 1 ) military interference abroad has not always gone well , for us , or for other nations . 
  2 ) therefore , military interference abroad will never go well in the future . 
  3 ) therefore , we should never allow our military abroad . 
  to my mind , this is a very wooly line of reasoning . 
   the reason to be part of a joint defense organization is just that , joint defense so * you * say . 
  i disagree with that premise , and any conclusions that derive from it . 
  defense is more than just defending national borders . 
  the point of a cross nation military organization is to share the joint financial burden of military operations across multiple nations . 
  when one nation refuses to partake of that burden , then it is opting out of the burden whilst still deriving from the benefit of being in the organisation . 
  ** edit : ** actually , come to think of it . . say a fellow member of nato * was * attacked . 
  lets , say , use turkey as an example ; they do share a border with syria after all . 
  technically , as a member of nato germany should send troops to help their ally . . yet presumably this conflicts with their constitution ( not sending troops abroad ) . 
  so presumably , germany expects the rest of nato to send troops if it were ever attacked , but currently , it will never reciprocate . 
  how on earth can the germans even attempt to justify this position ? 
  right . 
  so basically it 's a nonsensical term that refers to actual peacekeeping , as unarmed peacekeepers are either not needed in the first place , or useless when they are needed . 
   since you 're talking about changing the constitution , there needs to be a justification . 
  okay , how about this : to support the operations of those nations that germany calls `` allies '' in nato , or any future joint european force . 
  if there is no ability for germany to send troops abroad as part of a larger force , then why bother being part of any joint defense organization at all ? 
  and if that happens , then we are back to a europe where everyone has their own national army and looks after `` me first '' without regard for anything other than national interests . 
  if europe is to be a club where members can say `` the rules do n't apply to me '' , then europe as an idea is dead . 
  at the moment , germany is hiding behind a cloak of `` pacifism '' , to avoid defense spending and supporting its allies . 
  simultaneously , germany supplies arms to near-bankrupt nations like greece . 
  seems rather hypocritical to me . 
  germans also seem to have the attitude of `` oh , that is so terrible . 
  somebody should do something '' whenever genocide abroad rears its ugly head . 
  especially in geographically close places such as the former yugoslavia ; and yet germany will never be able to help prevent such atrocities unless it is able to send troops abroad . 
  so , now , how about giving me a reason for why germany is the exception to the rule , and should be prevented from sending troops abroad . 
  because no one has given one so far . 
  if i did n't know better , i 'd suspect that no such reason existed . . 
   i did not change the subject . 
  we were talking about germany . 
  then you start talking about `` certain failing empires '' , presumably referring to the u.s. . that is changing the subject . 
   i 've merely shown that your arguments were n't by replying exactly in kind . 
  i have no idea what this means . 
   because history has shown that peacekilling missions do n't work . 
  what is a `` peacekilling '' mission ? 
  how does it relate to a blanket ban on germany sending troops abroad ? 
  1 ) irrelevant to the argument at hand , and 2 ) i think you think you 're having a dig at an american . 
  i 'm not american . 
  the fact that you changed the subject is indicative of the fact that you do n't really have a decent counter argument as to why germany should not amend its constitution . 
  can you give any reason why germany should not amend its constitution to allow troops to deploy abroad ? 
  some constitutions contain rules that are silly and outdated . 
  instead of sending people to jail , maybe germany should amend its constitution . 
  really ? 
  why ? 
  agreed . 
  i had no idea that germany 's `` bail out '' cash was actually a set of loans at nearly 6 % interest . 
  no wonder the greeks are pissed . 
  wanting and getting are two different things . 
  europe 's politicians will listen to their economists , and their economists largely want to keep the euro going . 
  before addressing your points , which i think are inaccurate , i 'd like to point out that comparing a series of wars from the most violent century on earth to a banking and loans crisis is comparing apples and oranges . 
  it just does n't compute , mate , i really have no idea why you started out on this analogy . 
   if you told someone in 1900 that in 20 years the entire continent would have fought the largest war , people would have laughed at you , saying that the economies of europe were too interconnected and any nation going to war would be devastated economically . 
  1900 is only 29 years after the close of the [ franco-prussian war ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/franco-prussian_war ) , in which almost a million people killed or injured , and had the french seething with a desire for revenge . 
  you would most certainly would * not * have been laughed at . 
   if you told someone in 1920 that in 20 years that germany would conquer half of europe , people would have shown you a newspaper showing germans with a wheelbarrow full of marks to buy bread and told you you 're crazy . 
  possibly . 
  but europe was in chaos in the 1920 's . 
  there was ethnic cleansing going on all over the continent , empires collapsed into mutually-antagonistic small nation states , right ring regimes were popping up all over the place . 
  i found a overview for you [ here ] ( http://www.the-map-as-history.com/maps/3-history-europe-treaty-versailles.php ) . 
  it was not the nice , comparatively quiet , time you guys had over in north america . 
  so yeah , maybe they would call you an idiot ... with a small nervous laugh tagged on at the end . 
   ditto in 1960 if you said the cold war would n't turn hot , and in 1980 if you you said the ussr would dissolve and that the eu would be formed and would include the former soviet satellite states . 
  the eec was the forerunner of the eu and already existed in 1980 . 
  the cold war not turning hot was what everyone was hoping for , and the economic collapse of the soviet empire was something governments in the west had been trying to bring about since its inception . 
  in 1980 the soviet union was embroiled in a war in afghanistan , which was at least partly engineered by the cia to be a drain on soviet resources . 
   my point is that the average european , does n't matter from which member state , does not want to pay for another country 's mistakes , nor will they vote into office a party that will promise to do so . 
  i 'm sorry i do n't get it . 
  you try and make the case for peoples predictions or expectations about the future being wrong ... and then you follow it up with your own prediction/expectations ? 
   a little over 100 years ago , europeans were saying the same thing about war in europe . 
  i do n't agree with the comparison . 
  by the time it got to the second decade of the 20th c everyone in europe knew there was a war coming , and that the structure of alliances would make it a big one . 
  also , there is n't the same adversarial set up as there was on the eve of wwi . 
  europe 's three big economic powers , britain , germany and france , all lose money if the euro fails . 
  alright , i see where you 're coming from . 
  but i still do not understand what you think the uk is doing to `` block '' further eu integration ? 
  if you 're talking about the euro - we did not join the euro for what i think are obvious reasons : 1 ) we already have a strong currency , and 2 ) the euro is primarily in germany 's interest , 3 ) having a single currency for multiple states makes no sense unless those states have some kind of sensible common fiscal policy they must all follow . 
  i think recent events have shown that we were right to stay away from joining the euro . 
  you 're right , i did misunderstand you . 
  sarcasm often does n't translate well to posts on the web . 
  there is a difference between claiming that the uk is `` not europhile '' and claiming that it is actively attempting to sabotage the eu from within . 
  as for the uk not being `` europhile '' this should hardly be surprising - the uk has acceded to many eu demands to the determent of some of our own industries . 
  for example , observing the destruction of the uk fisheries industry has been a * big * reason that iceland has n't joined the eu .
