  pull the other one , its got bells on . 
  in every conversation involving the uk you are first in with comments about the troubles , or the famine , or 1916 . 
  you do it in this sub , and a bunch of others . 
  it appears to be * all * you do , which is kind of sad . 
  so you can drop the pretence . 
  i mean , if we 're going to associate individuals with the least savoury aspects of their home nation , then i might as well ask you when you last rogered a small boy after confession . 
  but i wo n't , because that would be retarded . 
  i think maybe he just does n't like people with a massive hate-boner for his country . 
  just a guess . 
  me , personally ? 
  i 'm arming dodgy regimes ? 
  some men just want to watch the world burn, 
  you left a bit out - the eu and europes elites stood by and watched in silence as heath 's government lied to the uk . 
  i never insulted you , i pointed out your own bias . 
  i 'm about to insult you now , though . 
  your posts have been entirely content free . 
  you literally have nothing to say other than whining about the author having bias with absolutely nothing to back that up other than a book title . 
  you have no decent explanation for what you think the authors agenda is other than that you think he torpedoed his career on the off chance of maybe selling some books . 
  you have n't read the book , you do n't know anything about the author , you 're determined to hang on to as much ignorance on the subject as possible in short , you 're a mental midget and i 'm clearly wasting my time . 
   really ? 
  you need me to tell you what the agenda is of a guy who wrote the book titled : rotten heart of europe : the dirty war for europe 's money . 
  describing himself as trying to expose the hidden agendas and inner workings . 
  is that clear enough ? 
  yeah , i want you to spell it out . 
  in detail . 
  what * do you think * his agenda is ? 
  because i have a feeling based on your previous posts that you 're going to claim that he deliberately sank his career in the commission in order to maybe sell some books . 
  and if you come back with that , then i 'll have a good old laugh , because that is a pretty silly conclusion to come to . 
   or maybe you can tell me how it is n't an agenda . 
  after all , you were the one recommending the book right ? 
  also please try and atleast take criticism in without having to lash out talking about me having a personal bias . 
  and yet accusing me of having a bias somehow is n't `` lashing out '' ? 
  do n't be a hypocrite . 
   if you can not see there being something weird about what you promoted , without accepting that you 're selling a perspective , then i have nothing else to say . 
  because at that moment you simply do not care anymore . 
  you do n't have an argument and now you 're going to act all offended over receiving exactly what you were dishing out . 
  now you 're going to flounce off pretending to be all offended . 
  okay . 
  why do n't you tell me what you think his `` agenda '' is ? 
  i 'm pretty sure your accusations of bias stem from your own bias , ironically . 
   if you want to know why x happened . 
  go read this book by a suspended party that had alot of experience but turned out to have an agenda that they then capitalized on by selling books . 
  starting position was trying to find a way to discredit a whistle blower , rather than look at the facts he presented , eh ? 
  you should work for the eu commission , that 's exactly what they did . 
  he was fired * for writing the book * . 
  he did not get fired , and then make money by writing the book . 
  he talks about why he wrote the book * in the book * . 
  in other words , * he risked his high paying job at the commission in order to expose what the commission was doing * . 
  nobody writes a niche whistle blowing book to make money , that is a bonkers assertion for you to make . 
   that is honestly alot like asking someone to go inform themselves on animal situations by going to petas homepage . 
  this does n't make sense at all as a sentence . 
  but looks like a character attack . 
  from his wikipedia entry :  the publication of the rotten heart of europe led the wall street journal europe to name bernard as one of its outstanding europeans of the year in 1995 and in march 2001 he received the fr\u00f8de jakobsen prize , awarded in denmark for outstanding moral courage in public affairs . 
  more recently , bank of canada governor mark carney has identified bernard as one of the very few economists who predicted the current global economic and financial crisis . 
  that 's the marketing . 
  the flag has been labelled by those who use it as `` the flag of the continent of europe '' , but i doubt many from the nations i listed would identify it as anything but `` the eu flag '' . 
   you could always submit an alternative if you think you can do a better design ? 
  honestly , if this was a problem for ya , why did n't you message the mods earlier ? 
  because honestly , they would n't give a fuck . 
   technically , the uk is still in the eu . 
  admittedly , this is true for now . 
  though if you asked the people of the nations i listed if they felt they were represented by that flag , i doubt they 'd agree . 
  `` uhm '' what , exactly ? 
  from the article you linked :  it is an official symbol of two separate organizations -- the council of europe ( coe ) and the european union ( eu ) that is the eu flag , not the flag of europe . 
  it does not represent people in iceland , or norway , or turkey , or russia , or belarus , or ukraine , or switzerland , or the uk . 
  5.1 % of not a lot is not a lot . 
  having paid both ; the rents really are worlds apart . 
  * shrug * if you 've been here a while and see what some of the mods said before they became mods , it 's not surprising . 
  look at the subreddit banner ; this is not a * europe * sub its an * eu * sub . 
  anyone who is n't a fan is n't exactly made to feel like they 're still european . 
  black wednesday did n't happen because of george soros , he merely capitalised on the event . 
  if you want to know why it happened , then you could do worse than read a book by a senior economist at the european commission of the time : [ the rotten heart of europe ] ( https://www.amazon.com/rotten-heart-europe-dirty-europes/dp/057117521x ) he talks in great detail about why the erm was a disaster , and why the euro , which followed it , was an even worse idea . 
  okay . 
  i guess i 'll be seeing your countrymen for whom having a passport is n't an insurmountable challenge . 
  we 're still just across the water if you fancy a pint and a spliff on the weekend, 
  like finance is `` only '' 14 % of ours . 
  but somehow the euroflags think we 'll collapse if a few tariffs are imposed . 
   we 'll lose passporting , and all the banks will move to ireland , i have worked in this industry on occasion . 
  the banks will probably move a small proportion of their operations ( that depend on passporting ) to places like dublin , but they wont move all their operations . 
  not by a long shot . 
  that would be expensive , and more than a little bonkers . 
   which is already a tax haven . 
  also by the way , saying ` we 'll become a tax haven and screw over our entire population ' might sound like a great negotiating tactic ( ??? 
  ) , so wait ... ireland being a tax haven is fine , but the uk opting to be one is somehow terrible ? 
  how does that work ? 
  have ireland `` screwed over their entire population '' ? 
   but i do n't think it 'll do very good for tory reelection prospects . 
  well you took a weird turn there . 
  even the tories are n't cynical enough to care only about the next reelection when faced with a major change in the nations future direction . 
  i do n't think you get it . 
  the uk will go all in as a corporate tax haven off the coast of europe if we 're denied access to the single market . 
  the eu is saying in order to be in the single market the uk needs to accept freedom of movement , which it wo n't do . 
  this is about letting the eu hardliners who want to give us a collective punishment beating know that we are prepared to go with hard brexit , and that it wo n't be nice for them either . 
  but it sounds awful . 
  given that this picture was taken in france , looking toward dover , i agree with you . 
  i do n't deny that the euro has its benefits , especially for those countries which have had unstable currencies in the past . 
  but , that does n't change its history or origins , or that it has been devastating for nations like spain , portugal , greece and italy . 
  the economies in each of these nations have been on the rocks for over 8 years now , and it wo n't get better . 
  the germans , who have benefitted from the adoption of the euro , will benefit for the next decade or so before things start to go south for them too - there is a geopolitics video about this which touches on how germany 's demographics will start working against it in about a decade ( unfortunately ca n't find the link ) . 
  beyond that point - i wonder if they will be inclined to `` carry '' much of europe ( as they see it ) without those nations surrendering a significant amount of autonomy .
