  i think we 're done here , as this thread has just turned into you ineffectually flinging mud at the financial state of the uk , without actually knowing anything about the country you 're talking about . 
   iceland just had is crisis , has lots of cheap energy / aluminium production etc. 
  norway has lots of oil . 
  uh huh . 
  i guess you 're suggesting that the uk has none of that . 
  but the fact is that the uk is one of the worlds largest manufacturers , we also have our own oil fields in the north sea , we would have large fisheries ( once again ) if we left the eu , and a great untapped potential for wind and tidal energy . 
  we also have massive untapped oil reserves , courtesy of the falkland islands , we have some of the planets leading educational establishments , and we still have plenty of coal , we have europe 's leading financial center as our capital . 
  so . . if we needed to go it alone , we would be just fine , thank you very much . 
   how about you join it then ? 
  how can we join when we are already a member ? 
  i think what angers you most is that , actually , * there is no chance at all we will leave the eu * , because we derive a strategic advantage from being within it , which makes it worth the cost and worth the hassle . 
  we will stay , we will have our say , we will have our vote , and we will have our veto , and you will have to swallow it , whether you like it or not . 
  he seemed to speak a lot of sense , which is just what you 'd expect from someone who made billions from currency trading . 
  what a very silly response , packed full of anticipated schadenfreude . 
  the eu would lose one of its largest contributors if the uk left , and the increased financial burden would fall largely upon france and germany . 
  not good news at all for germany , given that you 're struggling with the financial crisis and the possible collapse of your currency . 
  britain , on the other hand , would have additional funds in the state coffers , and would politically be in the same position as iceland and norway , both of whom are doing rather nicely outside of the eu . 
  we would also be free to drop eu enforced trade restrictions we have with countries we are culturally close to , such as australia , new zealand , india , et al. , countries that suffered when we went into the eu . 
  that 's hardly `` isolation '' at all . 
  this is all academic in any case , as the uk will never leave the eu . 
  [ see uk treasury figures on 2006 and 2007 in the 2009 report , page 26 , 3.12 ] ( http://www.hm-treasury.gov.uk/int_eu_statefraud.htm ) . 
  we are the second largest net contributor after germany . 
  even after the rebate . 
  actually , if you look at the `` expenditure '' column as well as the total contribution column * in your own link * , you 'll see that although the uk provided over 13 % ( 4th from the top ) , it only spent less than 8 % - a 5 % net contribution . 
  the other big contributors , france ( ~ 4 % net contribution ) and italy ( ~ 3 % net contribution ) were actually behind the uk , with germany being the main net contributor ( almost 10 % net ) . 
   you were one of the major forces preventing it from being able to work , yes nonsense . 
  having a common currency without a common fiscal policy was * never going to work * , and it even failed in exactly the way people expected it to fail - less fiscally responsible countries getting everyone in the eurozone into a mess . 
  i 've yet to see a single * fact * in this discussion that links anything britain did to the failure of the euro . 
  the eurozone countries went ahead knowing the risks , and it all fell apart without the brits doing anything whatsoever . 
  you can shift the blame elsewhere if you want , and live in denial about the mess you 've made , but it wo n't fix your problems in the long run . 
  you have to be a very special kind of deluded to blame the brits for the crisis in the eurozone . 
  the uk is still the second largest contributor , even with the rebate . 
  how does that factor in with your claim that `` we are paying for their membership '' ? 
  no , the brits should not `` stfu '' , this is not the weirmar republic , circa 1933 . 
  we have as much right as any nation to have our voice heard . 
  * especially * when we aired concerns about a single currency , were criticized for it , and were then subsequently proved right . 
  one would think this was blindingly obvious without a bullet pointed list of facts to back it up in every single post on the euro . 
  hardly surprising given that the mis management of the eurozone is on course for causing a global economic crisis far worse than 2008 ( according to george soros and others ) . 
  monetary union before fiscal and political union was never going to be workable . 
  express a reasonable opinion on this subreddit and watch the downvotes roll in . 
  there was a suggestion that this was actually a stunt by the yes men . 
  well this is interesting . 
  last time i suggested this as the pragmatic choice i got called all sorts of names . 
  mainly by pissed-off germans . 
  the lack of a lingua franca is an elephant in the room for europe . 
  the only languages that make sense in any way would be english , german , spanish and french . 
  the only ones that make sense in the context of a wider world outside of europe are english and spanish . 
  and of those two , english is already the lingua franca for the world of technology , trade and air travel . 
  i would stipulate that british english * not * be taught , and that the brits need to learn to cope with this without complaint . 
  a slightly reduced form of english is emerging that europeans use to talk to each other , as well as people in places like singapore and india . 
  no , wrong . 
  you 're recycling arguments that i 've already shown to be based on false assumptions , and you 're simply repeating them . 
  this is going round in circles . 
   you can move to another country . 
  moving to somalia is the equivalent option of living in a cardboard box . 
  territorial management has to be organized by territory , strange as it may seem . 
  this assumes that people have total freedom of movement , globally , regardless of nationality , which is obviously absurd . 
   i can not choose not to pay rent or a mortgage . 
  and how a choice between tax rates that different from a choice between a mortgage or rent , or the different rates you can get them at ? 
  really ? 
  you ca n't think of any alternatives to rent or a mortgage ? 
  how about the thousands living with relatives and saving up money ? 
  how about those who live the traveler lifestyle ? 
  or those who squat ? 
  or live in caravans ? 
  how about the dozens of different rental agreements and arrangements ? 
  how about the different kinds of mortgages ? 
  all of those things are * voluntary agreements entered into by your own free will * . 
  this is in total contrast to taxes imposed by a government , in which it does n't matter what your will is - you will be taxed in the manner that that government sees fit . 
  the idea that there is `` choice of government '' is nonsense because that requires total freedom of movement and residency , which does n't exist . 
   it 's just as much choice as taxes : rubbish . 
  i can not choose * not * to be taxed . 
  i can not choose which * firm * will tax me . 
  what you are doing is presenting different * rates * of tax as if they were some sort of choice . 
  but you ca n't choose a rate of tax applied to you at all . 
  it is applied without your direct consent , and you have no say at all in it . 
  as i said elsewhere , the rebate was part of a political deal . 
  the uk gets a rebate , and in turn , it does n't cause problems for france by attempting to abolish the grossly unfair cap . 
  if the rebate goes , then so does the cap . 
  pfft . 
  that 's a bit weak . 
  it 's still a choice is n't it ? 
  not only that , but * where * you pay the rent , * who * you get the mortgage from , or where stay in your cardboard box is up to you . 
  hence , a choice . 
  yet again ? 
  it 's been done to death in this forum . 
  i would only mean that if i was silly enough to equate taxation with financial services . 
  it 's not like i can chose someone else to pay my taxes to and get a better deal . 
  it 's difficult to reengage with an organization that refuses any sort of reform , and enjoys financially fucking you in the ass on a regular basis . 
  it would only be an empire if money was unfairly moved from the periphery to a central hub where it was spent on a disproportionately small number of people ... much like the eu . 
  * sarcasm off *, 
  it justifies the rebate because the cap is intrinsically unfair , and needs to be abolished . 
  the rebate was a compromise so the french could keep their massive farm subsidies , and the british would n't rock the boat . 
  if you 're going to renege on one part of that compromise , then the british will naturally seek to abolish the cap . 
  fair enough . 
  why would they never agree on changing it ? 
  what would be the reasoning behind it ? 
  money ? 
  fear of becoming nazi 's again ? 
  i am trying to understand , but it does seem to me a little like germany is taking advantage of her allies .
