   i believe most of us would find that objectionable but i have a great deal of sympathy with germany in its present predicament . 
  the german public can not understand why a policy of structural reforms and fiscal austerity that worked for germany a decade ago will not work europe today . 
  germany then could enjoy an export led recovery but the eurozone today is caught in a deflationary debt trap . 
  the german public does not see any deflation at home ; on the contrary , wages are rising and there are vacancies for skilled jobs which are eagerly snapped up by immigrants from other european countries . 
  reluctance to invest abroad and the influx of flight capital are fueling a real estate boom . 
  exports may be slowing but employment is still rising . 
  in these circumstances it would require an extraordinary effort by the german government to convince the german public to embrace the extraordinary measures that would be necessary to reverse the current trend . 
  and they have only a three months ' window in which to do it . 
   we need to do whatever we can to convince germany to show leadership and preserve the european union as the fantastic object that it used to be . 
  the future of europe depends on it . 
   i personally think separating retail from investment banks is what should be done , but nobody in europe wants to do this apparently . 
  i agree . 
  reversing that piece of legislation was the biggest mistake of the last 50 years . 
  okay , well now your point has just been lost behind the shadow of you being a massive arsehole . 
  yes, 
  it 's a bit sad really . 
  look at his posts . 
  he is a young english kid trying really , * really * hard to be american , because he thinks that reddit and what is on reddit is an accurate representation of the usa . 
  he spends half is time commenting on ron paul , for crying out loud , * why do that if you 're not even living in the us * ? 
  it has upvotes because nationalists from everywhere in the world * love * it when people from other places say how fucking awesome they are . 
  waiting for the inevitable rage posts by nonamerican . . 
  cheer up sulky pants , we 're just fucking with you . 
  granted . 
  but they do n't wear big gay suits of armour . 
  with jockstraps . 
  and lycra . 
  you mean even gayer than putting on tight lycra pants and diving into a big pile of men to play with balls ? 
   what are you talking about , the russians had ambiguous lesbians on stage in that very competition . 
  as you are french , i can understand your confusion , but those girls are the height of russian femininity . 
  not sure if telling insane truth , or performing epic troll on whole of / r/europe . 
  you may taste nice with some cranberry sauce and a bit of stuffing , so i can safely assume you are correct . 
  he 's been posting this shit for at least two weeks now . 
  first one i read , he was screeching about how awful everyone in britain was because we did n't join the euro . 
  he seems to be focusing more on the germans now , but i cant help but wonder when he 's going to start pissing off the french . 
  * grabs more popcorn *, 
   you started with `` not a view shared by anyone i know '' , and this is still true . 
  it is not a view shared by anyone i know . 
   however , you claim a `` majority '' of views supporting your opinion , but this is not provable . 
  * the article you linked to * claimed a majority of view supporting my opinion . 
   you also forgot some bits from the same article : no , i did n't forget . 
  it 's a * reeeeal * stretch to interpret that article as a claim that the collapse of the euro would be good for the uk in the long run . 
  but that is what you started with , and i guess you ca n't backtrack now . 
   neither of us knows what would really happen , we 're not able to predict natural disasters and other phenomena . 
  but in the long run , the uk would benefit from the collapse of the euro . 
  so , you claim that no one can know what will happen - and then you immediately go on and state that you know exactly what will happen in the next sentence . 
  that is nuts . 
   that 's my view ( although i 'm pro-euro ) , that 's the view shared by many uk government officials , unofficially ( pun intended ) . 
  speaking of unprovable things , claiming that you know the secret unstated beliefs of uk government officiale is pretty bonkers . 
   the shock would n't last . 
  i am sorry , but this point of view is completely crazy . 
  it really is . 
  we are in the biggest dip since the 1930s , and you think that a continental-wide economic calamity will improve things in the long run . 
  it just wo n't , and posting a couple of links from fringe viewpoints is n't really going to change my mind about that , nor are said fringe views going to suddenly going to convince me that the dozens of people i know concerned about the euro collapse are secretly hoping that it will happen because they think they can cash in on it . 
  i literarily , * literally * do not know a single person who thinks the euro collapsing is a good thing on any time frame . 
   this is not what i said . 
  ah , yes , it was actually exergie who said `` brits want the euro to fail '' . 
   also , i do n't see any large scale surveys , in order to have a clear picture about the who is who of majority and minority opinions . 
  the very article you linked to pointed out that it was describing a minority view . 
   the `` majority '' has such a spectacular track record in many issues ( cue 2008 ) , why disagree with them ? 
   so , * because * the majority in a certain field hold a certain view , and were wrong 4 years ago , the majority must be wrong now ? 
  that 's silly , especially given that i 've seen no actual numbers suggesting how this miraculous recovery in the absence of the euro would actually take place . 
   the article above was an example . 
  another example is this . 
  in any case , it would be pointless to keep linking to views that you 're clearly not in agreement with . 
  it would be helpful if your original link actually said what you thought it said , but it does n't . 
  what is says is : * in the long run , collapse of the euro would be * no worse * than it not collapsing . 
  * this view is from cebr , and is not held by the majority of city analysts . 
  no where , did it say that `` the collapse of the euro would be good for the uk '' . 
  your second link is an unconvincing opinion peice from a bloomberg analyst , which seems mainly to be based on wishful thinking about what * might * happen in a best-case scenario . 
  that seems rather naive , given the last 4 years . 
   i 've read the other posts/retorts with interest , and swiftly learned that i was way off base regarding my uk manufacturing remark . 
  not only that . 
  your assertions about britain identifying itself primarily by being anti-eu , of it being deliberately obstructionist , or [ `` wanting to become '' ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/financial_centre ) the main economic centre , and wanting to [ reduce oversight on the banking sector ] ( http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1b613d4c-48d8-11e1-974a-00144feabdc0.html#axzz1vctw3ply ) , are all completely false . 
   your post unfortunately did n't contribute much . 
  my contribution is to point out that myself , and others , have repeatedly debunked lazy , opinionated , and ill-informed , posts just like yours , apparently to no avail . 
  i suppose we could copy and paste , but that would not really be discussion . 
  okay , well , feel free to keep ignoring what people who * actually work in finance * think , and ascribing minority views to the majority . 
  edit : from your own linked article :  the cebr view is at odds with the view of many city analysts , who predict catastrophic economic harm if the single currency falls apart . 
  in addition , if you search for the other things cebr seems to believe , they hardly seem in keeping with mainstream thinking on a variety of subjects . 
  that is speculation your part , and not a view shared by anyone i know in london . 
  how can this complete nonsense have 18 upvotes ? 
  i 'm tired of debunking these points again and again in this subreddit . 
  it 's enough to turn you into a eurosceptic , reading this crap over and over . 
   in any case , the uk has a large financial sector and will benefit from this . 
  i work in the financial sector in london . 
  the uk is * not * going to benefit from the collapse of the euro . 
   brits want the euro to fail . 
  i 'm really tired of this nonsensical statement being parroted about in this subreddit . 
  why the hell would we want it to fail ? 
  everyone gets it in the neck if it fails . 
   some european air forces could n't even fly combat operations at night without leaving their navigation lights on . 
  i hope you know how misleading this statement is . 
  you are referring solely to the german airforce , when deployed abroad . 
  and this is due to a german legal requirement , not due to any lack of ability , training , or skill . 
   not to be disrespectful , but your country devastated europe in world war ii . 
  the collapse of the traditional powers and the reaming you gave eastern europe contributed greatly to the rise of communism . 
  well , if we 're going to start playing the guilt game , then i suppose it 's fair to start talking about all the dictatorships the us set up and supported throughout the world over the last 80 years , or the left wing , democratically elected governments that said dicatorships sometimes replaced . 
   europe was rebuilt with large contributions from america . 
  yes , the mashall plan . 
  we know .
