  long time ago now . 
  ah - * hah * , that was the trick answer , which actually defaults you to d. 
  well , it was a joke . 
  but if you 're genuinely asking , i 'm pretty sure some of gcses i did 20 years ago had multiple choice . 
  no , i ca n't remember which ones . 
  reminds me of [ this ] ( http://www.smbc-comics.com/?id=1879 ) , which always cracks me up, 
  gcse version : pick one to complete the sentence : `` i think therefore i ___ '' a. am b. am french c. am failing this exam d. am french and i am failing this exam e. am ren\u00e9 descartes, 
   i have a master 's degree in history and work as an accountant - so no . 
  i 'm all about fast cars , dangerous explosions and beautiful femme fatales irl . 
  well whoever said belgians had no sense of humour was clearly wrong . 
  fair enough . 
  look , as i said , i just do n't think that the years between 1815 and 1830 , in france , are that important in the larger context . 
  obviously , if that area is a speciality , you 'll feel very differently about it . 
  my focus is on the broader picture , the reasons for the wars , the consequences of the peace . 
  what really gets up my nose here is what i have seen from the french posters on waterloo - their sense that `` the bad guys won '' and we 'd all live in some kind of euro-utopia if only napoleon had won his campaigns . 
  that strikes me as overwhelmingly naive . 
  so you thought this whole discussion was literally about the 15 years , in france only , between 1815 and 1830 . 
  well , no . 
  clearly not , given that i 'm not really interested , as i said , in what happened in france within that 15 years . 
  what is important is the broader picture - which is that of no real overall change in `` liberties '' in france after 1815 . 
  god , this conversation is incredibly boring . 
  are you this boring in real life ? 
  because you 're attempting to retroactively justify invasion , subjugation and slaughter across most of europe by saying it was all about the mean old aristo backed europeans fighting the plucky little virtuous republicans under their plucky little mass murdering dictator . 
  you may know a little about the minutia of post-napoleonic france , but you 're clearly clueless about geopolitics if you really think entire nations form coalitions , go to war , * and then do n't care about the end result after 15 years * . 
  astonishing . 
  and you keep waffling on about the tedious , minor , and temporary changes that occurred internally to france after 1815 , so i 'll leave it at that . 
  * sigh * one more time . 
  this was about stopping french hegemony , not about reversing the changes wrought by the french revolution . 
  i honestly could not care less what individual changes were reversed and what were not . 
  as the article states , the overall effect was * status quo * regardless of any attempts to reverse them . 
  evidently , as must be * blindingly * clear to you at this point - no one else in europe cared either . 
  if you want to keep on pretending that waterloo , in defeating a bloody dictator that had terrorised europe for years , was really about reversing the changes of the french revolution , and then that somehow nobody actually bothered enforcing that , then go ahead , but that seems a pretty silly conclusion to come to . 
  no not really . 
  the overall * outcome * , as i quoted previously , was that the revolutions changes were not reversed - * and no one in europe cared * . 
  as i said elsewhere , for the uk at least , this was about stopping french hegemony , not about reversing the changes wrought by the french revolution . 
  ca n't see it contradicting earlier statements . 
  there was internal strife , but , really , nobody else in europe gave a fuck whether the french kept the napoleanic code or not . 
   europe was fighting to save monarchy and nobility and of course no european country celebrates that more than britain no , europe was fighting to prevent french hegemony on the continent . 
  no one cared when france got rid of the bourbons again in 1830 . . because they did n't replace them with an absolute dictator that invaded half the continent . 
  there was peace in western europe for decades after napoleon . 
  there was only war again in the 1870s because france decided it wanted to start another shit-show with germany . 
  it 's the `` my fucking leg got shot and i still have to reload and keep this door closed and keep fighting '' pose . 
  the subject on [ wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bourbon_restoration ) says :  they were nonetheless unable to reverse most of the changes made by the french revolution and napoleon . 
  at the congress of vienna they were treated respectfully , but had to give up all the territorial gains made since 1789 . 
  also :  the new bourbon regime was a constitutional monarchy , unlike the absolutist ancien r\u00e9gime , and so it had some limits on its power what waterloo did was finally prevent any kind of french hegemony in europe . 
  what it did * not * do was result in a return to the france of 1788 . 
  tell us more about how france lost all those things after waterloo ? 
  they 've gotten away with it so far . 
  i think maybe you went to the wrong pubs . . 
  i do n't know . 
  i think we 're well on the way already . 
  i know a bunch of blokes in relationships with women from poland , germany , spain , china , japan . . the list goes on . 
  then again i live near london , which might be a bit of an outlier . 
   maybe that 's related to the fact that napoleon was n't the aggressor , only the french answer to 10 years of war by all the european powers combined to destroy the french revolution and it 's ideals . 
  and yet you idiotically compare him to hitler for some reason . 
  it 's amazing how your `` defensive '' wars involved [ declaring war ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/french_revolutionary_wars ) on other nations , invading them , and in some cases completely annexing them ( such as with savoy ) . 
  so yes , i am certainly going to compare the napoleonic wars to german goals in wwi ( which incidentally , was wilheim ii , not hitler ) . 
   similarly , you call him a dictator , as if every other country in europe was n't ruled by a monarch back then . 
  this is seriously ridiculous . 
  he * was * a dictator , whereas in the uk we did * not * have a dictator , but a monarch constrained by an elected parliament . 
  the fact that you lump all monarchies into a single category equivalent of `` dictator '' just illustrates the rose tinted glasses once again . 
   we are very much aware of the european distaste for napoleon , we just do n't share it , for obvious reasons , and they 've got nothing to do with rose tinted glasses . 
  the man caused a million deaths in europe , so you can hardly complain when we celebrate his defeat . 
  did we not just have [ this nonsense ] ( http://www.france24.com/en/20150607-napoleon-won-waterloo-french-speaking-europe-no-world-wars ) on the front page in the last few days ? 
  the french memory of the napoleonic era is a rose tinted one . 
  really a french victory that established french hegemony across the continent would have been * no more desirable * for europe than a german victory in wwi , or even an ottoman victory at siege of vienna . 
  the french seem oblivious to the distaste that their fellow europeans have for napoleon - they 're even thinking of [ building a fucking theme park ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/magazine-17397172 ) in that bastards honour . 
  say what you want about the germans , but at least it would never occur to any of them to build `` reichsland '' and lecture people on the commemoration of d-day . 
  wtf ? 
  you have any links ? 
  alright . 
  i confess , i do n't know what they did to cyprus . 
  what happened there ? 
   in a union one usually get something and gives something up . 
  really . 
  why ? 
  why does anything need to be given up ? 
  why should we surrender a sound currency for one that we predicted would be a disaster , when our fellow eu nations failed to listen to reason ? 
  why should we not use opt outs ? 
  other nations use them , and face zero criticism for doing so . 
   it seems that the uk only wants the benefits for itself , and that 's not how unions work . 
  unions work however they are designed to work . 
  if you create a union where opt outs are possible , then you 're not entitled to complain when , in objection to a policy a nation disagrees with , it chooses to opt out of that policy . 
   i agree with you on the ideological vs economic project , though . 
  good . 
  the game is n't over yet , by the way . 
  the worst is yet to come , as we 'll see over the coming months . 
  remember what de gaulle said : `` europe is france and germany , all the rest are trimmings '' . 
  let 's see what they do to `` trimmings '' when the chips are down . 
  it 's not supposed to be any form of argument . 
  clearly . 
  we do n't get `` preferential treatment '' . 
  we get opt outs . 
  we opted out of the euro because a number of people predicted it would be a disaster , and `` surprise '' , its a disaster in exactly the way they predicted it would be . 
  were they prophets ? 
  or could they see that it was an ideological project rather than an economic one , and would hurt europe in the long run . 
  we offered to drop the rebate if the cap is reformed such that france does not benefit disproportionately , and we 've said that for almost 20 years now . 
  france has blocked that at every turn , and yet , apparently it 's not france that the eu views as getting special treatment , it 's the uk . 
  it 's that kind of nonsense that has led many of us to conclude we need to leave . 
  no it is n't .
