   could you go a bit deeper with the explanation here , a few examples ? 
  given the small current common budget and individual veto rights , i really see `` federalism '' as extremely distant and continuously shifting into the future , but i could change perspective on some things related to integration . 
  sure . 
  and i feel your pain - reddit was meant as a platform for discussion , which must include civil disagreement . 
  it is often misused as a platform for creating echo chambers , and people seem to rapidly bore of any discussion that does n't validate their own beliefs . 
  i think the principle example is the euro . 
  the sole purpose of the euro was to create an environment that would necessitate a federation in a relatively short time frame . 
  there was a famous book written way back in 1995 by the then chief economist of the european commission : the rotten heart of europe https://www.amazon.com/rotten-heart-europe-dirty-europes-ebook/dp/b009umzwti/ref=dp_kinw_strp_1 in essence , we was a whistle blower . 
  he was pretty much silenced on the continent , but the book generated a lot of eurosceptics in the uk . 
  one of the principal conclusions of the book is that the euro is a tool designed further a vision of a united europe because it makes absolutely no sense economically , and its designers were ideologically driven . 
  in other words - they 'd * already decided * , on behalf of 500 million people , that they were going to create a federation , before the euro was even created . 
  they were warned , over a decade before the financial crisis in 2008 , that the euro would end up beggering countries in the periphery of europe . 
  so , to your comment , federalism is not some distant `` maybe '' of the commission and its associates , it is the principle goal and driver for policy , including economic policy . 
  they are willing to throw half of europes economies under a bus in the name of political union . 
   there is a confidential note from blair to bush which quoting from memory runs something like this : `` if we are successful in iraq , we will be successful elsewhere in the middle east . '', 
  the message is clear , it was n't about phantom wmds , it was about geopolitical influence nope . 
  the neo cons and their allies wanted to reshape the middle east as a series of democracies , as daft as that is . 
  that is whats being referred to . 
  blair also had this `` my legacy as a great leader '' thing going on . 
  it was much more about that . 
   that is always the same false narrative . 
  the uk never tried . 
  simply to say you want a stake in the eu is n't enough . 
  you have to positively engage and work for european integration , you have to be at the center of schengen , the euro , the eu army , the refugee crisis , etc. , then you can have influence in other words we were wanted as cheer leaders of a federalisation process that we would never sign up to given the circumstances of our entry . 
   just sitting on the fence and trying to torpedo european integration whenever there is an opportunity will land you at the periphery , exactly where the uk is now . 
  the objection was to steps toward federalism , not change as a whole . 
   that is the uk 's choice . 
  the uk has been offered a position at the center of the eu . 
  it has always shirked the responsibility that comes with that role . 
  as i said above . 
  according to federalists our `` responsibility '' was to be compliant cheerleaders for federalism . 
  that is what you mean by being `` influential '' or `` at the centre '' . 
  we were never going to do that . 
  post soviet block eu members have the uk to thank more than any other western member of the eu . 
   i 'm not sure what you mean here . 
  in your reply you were disagreeing with u/new-atlantis . . 
  yes , i realised that after posting . 
   your civil tone does a good job of hiding the snide remark there . 
  in any case , the uk was already extremely sceptical from the get go , before continued integration became a strong force in eu politics . 
  you joined in 1973 and already in 1975 had a referendum regarding continued membership . 
  you also act as if federalism is the only force that matters in eu politics , it really is n't . 
  frustration , not snideness . 
  its irritating when you just post the same phrases over and over again , and genuinely do n't look like you 're considering any perspective as valid other than your own . 
  the uk joined a free trade area , * not * a federation . 
  the referendum was on membership of a free trade area , not a federation . 
  i 've typed this out so many times over the years in this sub . 
  we were * never * going to be on board with pushing a federalist agenda , * especially * after being `` tricked '' into a nascent federation by our own sitting government and the eu establishment of the time . 
  federalism really is the only game in town the eu , everything else is subservient to that goal - the euro , the regulations , the courts , the treaties , the lot . 
  the uk from the outset was always going to lose the fight for any alternative vision for the future of europe that was not subservient to that goal . 
  1/10 trolling effort . 
  i doubt you like it when americans assume ireland is a region of england , maybe you should set an example and extend some courtesy to your fellow inhabitants of `` these isles '' ? 
   i do n't believe either of these statements . 
  well , that 's not surprising given that those are the bits where i expressly disagreed with you . 
   the uk took a backseat because the uk did n't believe in europe . 
  the uk did n't take a back seat . 
  i always have to roll my eyes when these sentiments about the uk come up in this sub - its like you guys keep saying these things without thinking about why you 're saying them . 
  the uk failed to get any policy decisions made in its favour for 20 years . 
  its vision of europe was not shared by anyone else , especially not the federalists . 
  when the federalists talk about the uk `` taking the lead '' , what they mean is having them shut up unless its to voice support for federalism . 
   see also your countryman zaltps2 's comment below . 
  you would have had enough allies in europe who would have supported uk leadership of the eu ( though , indeed , shared with germany and france ) if you had made an effort . 
  well , i often disagree with my countrymen . 
  the `` leadership '' could only have taken the form of being a `` yes '' man for federalists . 
  it was just never going to happen . 
  that bears no relation to your original comment about the welsh . 
  trying to pretend they 're not a distinct people * clearly * because of how they voted is a dick move . 
  i do n't really think anyone who voted took us `` feels '' into consideration . 
   and that even though it was the us that made you give up on the empire during the suez crisis . 
  to regain geopolitical influence on the back of the iraq invasion has also badly backfired . 
  the first part is accurate , the second is not . 
  `` regain '' supposes that the government had some plan to increase its influence off the back of iraq . 
  i see no evidence of that . 
   it 's just my opinion , but i believe that the uk could do better as one of the leading powers of the eu than as the poodle of uncle sam . 
  we tried that . 
  it failed . 
  the leadership of the eu is already sown up between france and germany , mostly germany . 
  we were never wanted in that role , and were told for decades to shut up , pay our money in , and stop being a pain . 
   uk leaders also never proved the theory that the uk could have an influence on us policy if it complied with us demands . 
  as the junior partner , you always risk being f * cked over the head . 
  the us has bigger fish to fry . 
  i partly agree , but we were never ever going to be anything other than a `` junior partner '' in the eu either . 
  better to be independent and to have the option to give our main ally the finger one day , than to be bound as a junior partner in a federation we never wanted and have no influence in . 
   jury is out on those valley english that call themselves welsh . 
  that 's kind of a dick thing to say just because they voted in a way you do n't agree with . 
  number 2 ) is not at all impossible . 
  remember there was no publicly accessible internet in the 70s and 80s . 
  news came through government , broadcasters and newspapers . 
  the people of the uk and denmark were not at fault for being duped by their own establishments . 
  thanks for the link to the doc , i 've never seen it before . 
  it does seem to be getting better in the uk , a little ... 
  i am still not convinced our current mania for building glass and steel monsters will not backfire once they age a bit . 
  at least we 're no longer putting up blocky concrete monstrosities and claiming they 're the height of modernity . 
  i do n't . 
  at all . 
  that is utter nonsense . 
  putting that on the back of churchill is outrageous . 
  it is n't dude . 
  you are deeeeep in denial here purely over your dislike of churchill . 
  without him , we were * out * after dunkirk , and everything that follows on after that is a result of the uk being out . 
   you 're just doing the same thing the other guy did , making assumptions that the world turns into opposite land if great ol' winston was n't around to keep things in check .
