  yup . 
  as usual currently tying themselves in knots trying argue how this would have happened faster without tories/austerity/whatever relentless economic success under a government they do n't like really irritates them . 
  well , whatever . 
  it was madam tussauds . 
  still a bit shit . 
  but the museums are all free ... madame tussauds is shit in every corner of the world it operates . 
  queue for hours , and see some plastic heads . 
  i for one , would agree with you . 
  i think he 's expecting us to float away at any moment . 
  i 'm guessing that 's why we do n't count . . 
  the orphanage is very good too . 
  but i thought pan 's labyrinth was better . 
  this . . this is a good film . 
  but i was puddle by the end of it . 
  [ troll hunter ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1740707/?ref_=fn_al_tt_1 ) [ norway ] - i love the combination of ridiculousness , dry humour and adventure . 
  [ let the right one in ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1139797/ ) [ sweden ] - a complex horror [ the wave ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1063669/?ref_=fn_al_tt_1 ) [ germany ] - a great drama about the dangers of cult like behaviour and group think, 
  `` salami tactics '', 
  he 'll just tell you about how wonderful it really is and how you do n't really understand it because you 're a pleb . 
  and also : http://www.thedailymash.co.uk/news/international/greece-repaid-debts-ages-ago-2015021995530, 
  call the british consulate and give their stated identity . 
  it 'll take no more than 24 hours to tell if they 're full of shit . 
  keep their photo and fingerprints on file in case they try the same shit again . 
  no thanks . 
  had this argument 1000 times before . 
  if interested - take a look at the ipcc reports , their detractors who say they 're too conservative , and the analysts attributing the 2010 arab spring to climate events causing crop failures . 
  here is the thing though - things are not going to cool off for centuries , they 're only going to get worse . 
  a lot of the chaos we 're seeing is arguably attributable to the knock on effects of climate change , and that will only accelerate for the next century or so . 
  at its worst we 're going to see * millions * of people a year try to make the crossing these people have made , and we need to figure out how to deal with those kind of numbers . 
  as much as i like your idea , i just do n't think its going to work for that many people . 
  so what the hell are we going to do ? 
  hmm . 
  i guess it 's all in the legal definitions then . 
  if they 're free to leave to their country of origin once they * provide * a country of origin , then is it still classed as imprisonment ? 
  perhaps all it needs it some kind of high court judgement . 
  without the cfp we would have had the option to manage our own fish stocks in our own waters and reverse any decline . 
  instead they succumbed to the tragedy of the commons and get overfished by anyone in the eu with a fickin ' boat and a net . 
  you do realise that one of the main reasons iceland has not joined is because they saw what happened to uk fishing fleets and fish stocks after joining ? 
   and gave you the biggest financial sector in europe in return . 
  uh , excuse me , but wut ? 
  london had a thriving financial sector long before there was any such thing as the eu . 
  anyone who 's read `` escape from camp 14 '' or anything similar knows that things are really bad in the `` political '' prison camps up there . 
  but even * those * escapees have referred to camps that are even worse . 
  this could be the first hard evidence that the rumours are true , and that these places really do exist . 
  places that make unit 731 look like humanitarians . 
  north korea will , of course , deny everything . 
  no , and neither do you , because there is more than one school of economic thought . 
  lets see your yale sources then , which would be better than your previous `` they 're wrong because of their nationality '' . 
  so . . can you say why the article is wrong other than you do n't like the source ? 
  he also put it through a shitty auto-translate program first , for added authenticity . 
  it did n't look like a joke . 
  no smileys , for example . 
  and frankly / r/europe is notorious across reddit for racism - this just looked like more of that . 
  so , if i told you that dutch was gibberish and was destined to be wiped out , you would n't find that the least bit disturbing and nationalist ? 
  low hang fruit und so weiter . 
  when you see a small bird that waddles and quacks , its hard not to call it a duck . 
  especially if it also has a silly moustache . 
  its about the way you phrased it - `` the gibberish of the island is not to endure '' ? 
  you come across as a scary person . 
  do you have wwii wehrmacht memorabilia in your house , by any chance ? 
  of course , maybe i misunderstood your comment . . and you 're not a right wing nutbag . 
  if only there was a common language that we could use to avoid misunderstanding each other . 
  wow . 
  after that comment , maybe you should change your flag to a swastika . 
  no , we should not be limited to one language . 
  but maybe we should only have to learn one * additional * language to communicate with each other . 
  i have neither the time nor the inclination to learn 3 or 4 languages just so someone 's euro-feels do n't get hurt . 
  you know what 's weird ? 
  i do n't know exactly * why * i find it annoying . 
  i think maybe its the small amount of additional effort it takes to read his posts , because you have to scan to find where the french ends . 
  that does n't really explain what you 're doing . 
  nobody else exclusively posts here ( a forum using english as the international language ) in a non english language , before also providing an english translation . 
  you 've been almost alone in doing this for years . 
  so what 's the point ? 
  are you a bit butthurt that french is no longer the language of diplomacy , and this is some weird attempt to revive the practise ? 
  a year or two back he used to claim he was doing it `` as an experiment '' . 
  but really , he 's doing it to make some kind of point , which is lost on anyone who is not french . 
  just trading like-for-like , boq . 
  i see no evidence that we 'd be any more influential within the eu if we 'd joined the euro , joined schengen , or done anything else that the euroflags in here would like us to do . 
  it 's just supposition . 
  plenty of uk insiders within the eu commission have commented on it being a franco-german club . 
  here is some more supposition - no matter what we do , or when we do it , we 're always going to be outsiders following their lead . 
   maybe . 
  or maybe if the uk government had committed to the project it could have traded its opt-out for enough political capital to have a different legal basis for the ecb . 
  maybe . 
  but no matter what we agree to in terms of projects we find damaging , it never seems to translate to additional political capital within the eu . 
  we just get asked to surrender more , and get a lecture whenever we say `` no '' . 
  do you have any sources for why you believe any of that ? 
  it all seems a bit random and uninformed to me , with more than a hint of prejudice . 
  do n't be absurd , there are no such thing as crab people . 
  it was lizard people . 
  the two `` assassins '' in the movie `` in bruges '' are irishmen , although their boss , who shows up later , is english . 
  the irish generally do n't like it when people mistake them for brits . 
  that thundering noise is the sound of offended irish charging toward this thread . 
  well , let 's be honest , this is always what the euro was for . 
  create a half assed currency , wait for the inevitable crisis , use the crisis to force through further steps toward federalism . 
  that really was even better . . 
  i do n't know . 
  educational policy in the uk seems to be in an eternal state of flux . 
  yes , i 'd forgotten that . 
  i knew a few people who 'd done it in place of their a-levels .
