  it was in the form of both grants and loans , much of it was spent on american goods , and obviously the loans had to be paid back . 
  the primary goal of the marshall plan was to prevent the spread of communism throughout europe , but the way many americans talk about it , you would have thought it was humanitarian aid . 
   the satellite wars fought in vietnam , korea , and elsewhere were not fought in europe in large part because the u.s. planted its troops in your country and said it would defend it as your own . 
  which , of course , also removed the option for western europe to be neutral in the conflict between the soviet union and the us . 
  placing us nuclear assets on european soil gave you a rapid strike capability without risk of losing any of your own cities , and so made western europe a target for soviet nuclear attack rather than simply convensional invasion . 
   three generations of germans grew up without fear of invasion , starvation , or lack of economic opportunity in large part because of the stability the u.s. has enforced . 
  okay , you were n't doing too badly up to here , but this pure republican party horseshit . 
  i grew up in west germany during the cold war , in military quarters . 
  everyone lived in fear of when `` the bomb dropped '' , because there was very little chance of surviving if things kicked off between the us and the ussr . 
  my dad was in intelligence , and as i got older we talked a lot about what was going on . 
  here is what was going on : in the event of a soviet invasion the british and germans , and other nato forces , were expected to make a `` last stand '' against soviet forces . 
  no one was under any illusion that this would result in anything other than obliteration for nato forces in west germany , but they would hopefully delay the soviet onslaught enough , and cause enough damage , so that the us reinforcements being rushed over the atlantic would mostly be doing a mopping up job when they arrived . 
  collatoral damage ( thats `` civilian casualties '' to normal people ) were expected to be massive . 
  if it looked like the tide was turning against nato and the soviets were going to take take western europe , you know what the american plan was ? 
  nuke the whole of western europe to prevent its industrial base from falling into soviet hands . 
  that 's right , good old uncle sam was planning to kill every last one of us if it looked like we were going to end up as part of the soviet union . 
  peronally , i 'd rather be alive in a communist state than dead in a nuclear wasteland . 
  far from `` protecting '' us , the us viewed europe an expendable pawn in it 's global struggle with the soviet union . 
   lets not forget its neo-liberalism which has so vigorously been forced as the status quo by the u.s. and which germany owes much of its economic success to . 
  i think this is untrue , and so , i think , would the average german . 
  we are debating this in the uk at the moment . 
  most of germanys success has been as the result the * rejection * of neo-liberalism , or at least the way it has been implemented in the us . 
  for example , unions are strong organisations in germany , and legal requirements for companies to have union representation on boards , and further requirements for worker consultations for large scale business changes , have prevented the manufacturing offshoring that has occurred both in the united states and the uk . 
  such legal requirements would be looked upon with horror in the us , and labelled `` socialism '' , but they have contributed to higher employment , lower weekly working hours , and a generally higher level of affluence . 
   do n't get me wrong , america is by no means perfect . 
  the u.s. has done a lot of messed up things and has gone astray this past decade , but this is about more than the now . 
  this is about history and posterity . 
  germany has had much benefit from its relationship with the u.s. 
  it will also , in my opinion , benefit both countries into the future by remaining close allies . 
  no , what this is about is the united states wanting bases in europe for the benefit of force projection into the middle east . 
  personally , the linked article above is all noise , * no one * in the us government will voluntarily close bases on european soil for the forseeable future . 
  if anything , it will be europeans asking the us troops to leave that finally closes the bases . 
   you may think russia is not a threat , but they still have enough nuclear weapons to wipe out the world . 
  so does the united states . 
  given that logic , we should be as fearful of the us as we are of russia . 
   they are still militarily powerful enough that , if they were inclined to and the us was inclined to allow them , fight virtually any country outside of the u.s. and china and win . 
  no , they really could n't . 
  if they mobilised on europes eastern borders they would be in for a very nasty shock indeed . 
  a high proportion of the european population has seen compulsory military service , and even if the russians won , at the very least they would see an insurgency that would make the us experience in iraq look like a walk in the park . 
  no one has ever managed to conquer the whole of continental europe . 
  ever . 
  the most professional armies the world has ever seen have tried , and failed . 
  i see no reason to think that a half-assed bunch of russian conscripts could manage it , or hold europe even if they could . 
  and what would be the point of such a war ? 
  what would be the goal ? 
  it simply does n't make sense . 
  this is archaic , cold war thinking you are applying here . 
   does germany clash with russia ? 
  sometimes , although rarely directly . 
  what about the eu ? 
  i think it is more than a little idealistic to think war and conflict remains in the past . 
  even if the us bailed completely , i see no reason to beleive that that europe as a whole is in danger of invasion or conquest from anyone . 
  it was another poster that suggested greeks were neo nazis . 
  i merely stated that a higher proportion of the greek vote went to ukip ( 3 % ) than greeks that voted for neo nazis ( 7 % ) . 
  i must have explained this to you 3 or 4 times now . 
  you really must be very stupid . 
  and yes , you * are * a bigot . 
  go back and read all the things you said about british people , then go and read the dictionary definition of `` bigot '' - yup . 
  thats you . 
  you are a bigot . 
  do you need me to post a link to the dictionary too , or can you find that in your own ? 
  :-d edit : dictionary definition of [ bigot ] ( http://m.dictionary.com/d/?q=bigot&amp;o=0&amp;l=dir ) to make things easy for you, 
   and i will feel free to not give a shit bitch . 
  if you did n't give a shit , you would n't be posting . 
  :-d i ** love ** that i 'm getting to you , you nasty little bigot . 
  edit : i 'm off to bed now . 
  lets see tomorrow morning how long you kept spewing angry rants . . 
   you are an idiot that tries to derail the discussion to your hateful politics of equating all greeks to nazis . 
  fuck off , nobody believes it . 
  nope . 
  like i said , [ only 3 % of brits voted for ukip ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/shared/election2010/results/ ) , and only 7 % of greeks for the neo nazis . 
  my point was that it 's as idiotic to call the brits anti-european as it is to call the greeks nazis . 
  you appear to have completely missed the point . 
  not sure if you 're having a bad day , or if you 're just a bit dim . 
   oh shut the fuck up . 
  :-d  you stalk comments of other people now . 
  go back to your hole . 
  if you say stupid things , i will feel free to point out that you are saying stupid things , until you either admit that they 're stupid , or stop saying them . 
   ca n't win argument , start correcting grammar . 
  i provided you with plenty of links , with statistical facts in them , to back up my arguments . 
  you 've provided nothing but a series of childish rants . 
  i believe not being able to refute your opponents arguments with any actual facts constitutes `` losing '' the argument . 
  not only have you lost , but you 've become so angry that you 've resorted to simply flinging insults around . 
  sad . 
   pst , come again when you 're not condescending . 
  that 's what you do when an adult acts like a angry child - you point it out to them . 
  so of course its condescension . 
  if you start talking like an adult , then maybe i 'll take start taking you seriously . 
   have even heard of the cyprus annexation ? 
  of course . 
  i have friends there . 
  and there are [ two sides ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cyprus#independence ) to every story . 
  perhaps if the greeks on the island had n't started `` ethnic cleansing '' , or the greek dictatorship had n't annexed the island the turks would not have felt the need to intervene . 
  however , i do n't expect to get through to you . 
  i suspect you 're the kind of greek that only sees * one side * of the story , and you prefer to picture greece as a perpetual victim of turkish agression . 
  ironically , painting yourself as a victim , when you are in fact an aggressor , is in fact a very right-wing , nationalist , thing to do . 
   i do n't generalize . 
  i talk about the majority of brits . 
  you contradicted yourself . 
  talking about the majority of brits * is * generalising .
