  primarily the fact that a common fiscal policy would have to come before a common currency . 
  you did n't exactly need a crystal ball to see what would happen , at the time people wrote in great detail about why the euro was a bad idea . 
  to paraphrase meatloaf - `` one out of five ai n't bad '' . . 
   i can see why this speech would appeal to some people , but in the end the tl ; dr is this : `` we want privileges without obligations '' nonsense . 
  the `` variable geometries '' would be for everyone , not just the uk . 
   uk wants to influence the eu , without the eu influencing it . 
  but we do n't influence it . 
  the last thing the uk managed to influence was the addition of the eastern european nations to the eu . 
   unfortunately reality is different from your fantasy . 
  i wonder if you ever read your own links . 
  from wikipedia . 
   unlike the elected house of commons , most new members of the house of lords are appointed ... 
  while the house of lords is unable unilaterally to prevent bills passing into law ... its members can severely delay bills that they believe to be misguided . 
  none of that disagrees with what they said . 
   or do you really think that those guys only sit there looking at each other ? 
  they can make amendments to bills , but the commons does not have to accept the amendments . 
  like i said , the lords are effectively subordinate to the commons . 
   since until this moment you have failed to provide any valid points besides your rumblings about `` is not a democracy '' even thought it is a system more democratic than the one you have in your country , i can only conclude that your opinion is one more of those based on fud and preconceptions . 
  my [ `` valid '' points ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/11qo1q/brexit_europe_loses_patience_with_london/c6ozq5k ) , if you want me to enumerate them , * yet again * . 
  are : * the commission is unelected and wields executive and legislative power . 
  it is not directly accountable to the voting eu populace , and actively discourages engagement with it , even through referendums . 
  * the commission has undermined democratically elected governments in both greece and italy , effectively replacing the premier of each nation when it looked like they were thinking of exiting the euro . 
  * the eu is marching toward a federalist identity without the consent of the population of the constituent states . 
  * the eu has irreparably damaged the uks fisheries , propped up vested land interests with the cap , and now intends to destroy the uks financial services industry with new legislation . 
  none of that is fud , it is fact . 
  fact you seem unable to deal with , and so try to ignore . 
  you have n't got any counter points to the points that i 've made , instead you 've made an incredibly weak attempt to try and show that the uk was n't a democracy , including totally misunderstanding the political system you were talking about , and posting links in your own posts which illustrated that you were actually wrong !, 
   fun fact : if roosevelt had listened to the popular opinion you would all be probably speaking german at this point . 
  sometimes the greater good does out-weight the `` populist '' opinions . 
  unlikely . 
  the russians would have won the war , and we 'd have to come to some accord with them instead . 
   why ? 
  why should 26 nations listen to their own population ? 
  or why is federalism a nightmare ? 
  i 've indirectly answered both questions in the posts above , but you ignored my points , and started talking about `` democracy '' . 
   do you mean uninformed opinions based on preconceptions and fud ? 
  you know that is what most of them are ( in both sides of the issue ) . 
  so you think people should only be allowed to vote if they are voting for the * right * party , or for the * right * choice , or only when they 've heard the opinions that * you * want them to hear ? 
  all tyrants and dictators think that people would understand them if only they realised that they were making the * right * choices , that they were doing things for some * greater * good . 
  you have to let people make their own decisions , even if those decisions turn out to be the wrong ones . 
  anything else is despotism . 
  and that is the direction the eu is heading in . 
  and you guys with the little eu flags are cheering them every step of the way . 
   you live in a monarchy . 
  one of you legislative bodies is hereditary , just like your head of state and you want to lecture about democracy ? 
  come on , everything but that . 
  not sure if you 're trolling , or if you 're just ignorant of the uk . 
  the monarch has had no legislative , or executive power in the uk for a very long time . 
  and the house of lords can not block legislation , nor can it propose legislation on its own . 
  it can amend legislation , but it is subordinate to the house of commons . 
  it is also mostly appointed , now , and not hereditary - just like the eu commission . 
  unlike the eu commission , the elected house can push new laws through the house of lords , without their agreement , if need be . 
  also , unlike the commission , the house of lords has no executive power . 
   eu democracy has much to improve , but so has the uk . 
  for the uk - only cosmetically , changing the head of state and the house of lords would make no difference to the way things were run . 
  for the eu - as i have said repeatedly , the legislative and executive power in the eu ( the commission ) is not accountable to the voting public . 
  therefore , the eu is an undemocratic institution , accountable to no one and furthering its own agenda , often at the expense of some of the constituent nation states . 
  i see , as usual , someone with a little eu flag next to their name is ignoring any valid criticism of the eu , and goes straight for complaining about anyone dissenting from their federalist view . 
   are you expecting that the other 26 countries change their vision of the eu just because the uk says so ? 
  no i 'm expecting the other 26 countries to listen to their own populations and put the breaks on this federalist nightmare . 
  plenty of nations in the eu are , at best , lukewarm about the idea of a federal europe . 
  holland , denmark and sweden for starters . 
  of course the eurocrats have never liked listening to what they call `` populist '' opinions , and prefer to steamroller ahead over all objections . 
  they ensure that the real power remains with the commission , an unelected body which is not accountable to the voting populace of the constituent nations . 
   again , the rest of us should just abide by the uk will , because the uk knows best , right ? 
  maybe it 's not the eu that has to change , ever thought of that ? 
  the uk is not the one dictating what others should do . 
  that is germany and france . 
  when the eu reforms the commission , and starts actually paying attention to the results of `` no '' referendums , instead of ignoring them , then maybe you can start lecturing us on democracy - but at the moment , you do n't have a leg to stand on . 
  so would i. 
  great film . 
  oh , man do n't get them started on * that * one . . 
   like everyone else , after all we are still here . 
  but if we can all be better by cooperating , why should we be not so well just because some ca n't let go some of their pride ? 
  i genuinely do not know what you mean about `` pride '' . 
  you guys with the eu flag can have some really odd ideas about the uk . 
  do you understand [ why ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-20002553 ) the uk is being pushed out ? 
  with decades of membership , we have achieved nothing within the eu . 
  the cap is still present . 
  the common fisheries policy ruined our fish stocks . 
  and it looks like our financial services industry is next on the menu . 
  we never wanted to be part of a federal union , and when we try to alter the eu 's course away from that direction , all it does cause complaints . 
  why are we even in it ? 
  we are making absolutely no difference , we have absolutely no say , except through use of the veto , which only frustrates people . 
  like i said elsewhere , i once had high hopes for our eu membership , but now i think an exit is increasingly in our best interests . 
  unless things in the eu change , thats where we 're going . 
  [ yes ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-20002553 ) ( downvoted to 0 in here earlier today ) . 
  the uk thought that it could affect eu policy from within the eu , as a member . 
  it 's totally failed to do that . 
  the french and the germans are the major players , and listen to others only if they act as echo chambers . 
  they do n't want our ideas unless they match their * own * ideas . 
  unless there is reform , i think we are better off out . 
  what an incredibly arrogant , childish and petulant response . 
  you presume to know more than you actually do know . 
  maybe if you actually listened to people from the uk about their objections and the reasons for them you might learn something . 
   i would say you are pretty fucked without the eu . 
  so , who needs who again ? 
  we 'd be quite happy with being out of the eu as long as we were still in the free trade area . 
  if that is no longer possible ? 
  well .
