  it 's based on the eu being an ever evolving cluster fuck that many of us think we should escape, 
  this is hilarious . 
  russia is like a scary ex boyfriend who 's got a string of assault convictions in his recent past , telling you that you do n't need to be afraid . 
  but just so you know , he could kill you with a single punch . 
  only kidding . 
  no , but really . 
  one punch . 
  but of course he 'd never do that . 
  unless you make him mad . 
  there was a link i posted a few days ago called ` the why 's of the euro crisis ' , which was a very good lecture . 
  one particular point struck me - in order for a common currency to make sense you need a common labour market . 
  people need to be able to move about freely to find work . 
  if one region has 75 % unemployed young people , they need to be able to move en masse to a more favourable location . 
  but in the eu that depends entirely on what languages you can speak and what the labour laws are in the counties that speak those languages . 
  if i can only speak basic german , is that enough to get a job in germany ? 
  what if i find i ca n't get a job in germany either ? 
  do i then have to learn french before i can even try my luck in france ? 
  the conclusion was that the eurozone makes no sense , and that it was constructed for ideological reasons that ignored the practical realities of what you must have before you can consider a common currency . 
  we have no desire to get the empire back . 
  we are not pining for its loss . 
  anyone who thinks this is about 50 years out date . 
  i think you guys are all having a massive panic for all the wrong reasons . 
  the british as a whole * never * had a choice on signing up to what is increasingly looking like a european political union . 
  in fact , in the 1970 's referendum our own prime minister ( heath ) lied to the country , and explicitly told everyone it was not , and would never be , a nascent political union . 
  * not * offering the referendum at this point would simply cause further resentment further down the road , and possibly increase the likelihood of withdrawal . 
  no one likes to think they 've been conned out of a choice because they ca n't be trusted to make the `` right '' decision - that 's an incredibly patronising attitude . 
  they had their chance to fulfil their promise on pr in 1997 , and for 13 years they did nothing . 
  they like things as they are , even if they do lose the odd election or two . 
  * raises pitchfork * yaaaaaarrr !, 
  no , then they would n't be able to play the victim card for 5 years, 
   dialecte barbare do n't think we did n't catch that sneaky mistranslation , you sneaky frog . 
  eating frogs , and antipathy toward anything english - yes , they 're both french stereotypes . 
  oooh , that was a brave joke for a german to make . 
  props . 
  it 's , like , so diverse . 
  there is as much cultural difference encountered travelling from new york to chicago as there is travelling from beijing to mumbai . 
  * nods emphatically , totally sure of himself *, 
  * put 's on red coat and fixes bayonet *, 
  give him a break . 
  even admitting that english was useful must have made him choke on his lunchtime frog sandwich . 
  but the bears are probably more scared of you , than you are of them . . only kidding . 
  they 're fucking bears , and they are n't scared of shit . 
  am i the only one that saw this headline and thought : `` why wo n't those dastardly russians let the swedes poo in peace ? '', 
  * i 'm * a cunt ? 
  this coming from someone creaming his kilt in glee at the idea of moving nukes to * the * most populated region in the uk , just to try and make some kind of idiotic point ? 
  your comment got the level of explanation it warranted . 
  how about finding out for yourself why its a stupid idea ? 
  oh , no , wait . 
  that would require reading and thinking . 
  because thats a completely stupid idea . 
  you mean they travel in packs ? 
  like a. . . running club ? 
  be armed with a large thick spear with a heavy crossbar below the steel tip 2 . 
  kill the boar with the spear, 
   you 're assuming that maintaining your national sovereignty instead of gradually integrating into the eu will be in the long run positive for the uk . 
  no , i 'm not assuming that at all . 
  a temporary economic hit would be acceptable , imo , given the alternative - being a vassal state of the eu , where corruption is indemic and political and economic decisions are based on a combination of ideology ( creation of the euro ) rather than pragmatisim , and damaging policies that benefit the founding nations at the expense of others ( cap , cfp ) are never truly reformed , even after almost 40 years of almost continual complaints . 
  in principle , i am not against a united europe . . but the way it 's been implemented in the eu has been pretty sickening to watch . 
  this is compounded by their refusal or inabilty to reform in any way . 
   which , according to most studies , wo n't happen . 
  oh , please . 
  we 're not going to play a game of ` my studies vs. your studies ' , are we ? 
  you can find `` studies '' to support anything . 
   as if , assuming that the uk leaves , it wo n't be affected by the eu almost as much as it is now , without being able to work within the european institutions ( just look at switzerland ) . 
  the planet has changed so much in the last 30 years , it 's almost unrecognisable now . 
  it will change even further in the next 30 , and i honestly think organisations like the eu will simply become irrelevant . 
  wedding ourselves to the eu now could be the equivilent of voluntarily becoming a dinosaur 10 minutes before the asteroid hits . 
  barely . . 
  of course the political future of your country is more important than economic wellbeing . 
  the later is not guaranteed in any event . 
  why give up the ability to determine your own future in exchange for temporary economic benefit ? 
  to do so would be a strange combination of cowardice and greed . 
   i never said the us was perfect when it came to liberty . 
  also europe has far more taxes than the us , so no we are not equal in that regard . 
  and now we are finally getting down to it . 
  you think that the us has more `` liberty '' because you pay less taxes . 
  presumably , then , you think that states which require residents to pay less tax have more liberty than those that do not ? 
  or that individuals that pay a higher proportion of their income toward taxes have less liberty than those that do not ? 
   one , this is n't about which country is better , and you are letting your nationalism get in the way of that , two we are still not equal in those regards , euros pay more taxes then we do . 
  i made no claims as to which country was better than the other . 
  i 'm merely putting your claim that `` europe has entitlements , not liberties '' under the microscope and its making you squirm a little . 
  that 's why you 're feeling uncomfortable . 
   no it was n't , my original comment was that `` you guys do n't have liberty , you have entitlement . 
  most of the things that make your country great are provided by the government . 
  that is n't freedom . '', 
  let me reiterate , yet again , that you have failed to illustrate why the two are mutually exclusive , or how this applies to the nhs . 
  you have failed to show how the nations of europe lack liberty , and you have failed to show how this is supposedly linked to a level of entitlement . 
  you hinted above that you think this is because we pay more tax in europe . 
  are you of the opinion that the amount of liberty one has equates directly to how little tax one pays ? 
  because its looking a lot like that right now . 
   no you have privileges granted by the state , and your governments have little restriction on what they can do to their citizens . 
  i completely disagree with this , but it 's a separate argument from the one you made about us having entitlements rather than liberties , so lets stick to that and see if we can dig deep into exactly what is at the basis of your claim . 
   except i did already by explaining how many of the things that make your country stand out require payment to use . 
  no you did not . 
  i am currently resident in the us , and i pay tax here . 
  but i am not entitled to many of the `` liberties '' that us citizens enjoy , such as the right to vote . 
  pointing out that non-citizens do not enjoy the same liberties or entitlements as citizens is not supporting your argument . 
   they also are provided by a third party , which means they are not a freedom but a service/entitlement . 
  the us on the other hand has a strong constitution that lays out restrictions against the government in order to protect peoples liberties . 
  this is completely irrelevant and does not in any way help illustrate why you think that europe has `` entitlements not liberties '' .
