  maybe they should be countries too . 
  i did . 
  that does n't make any sense - you 're implying a small sunken nuclear reactor is a worse environmental disaster than a large thermonuclear weapon going off ? 
  what ? 
  dozens of nuclear weapons have been used . 
  some of them hundreds of times bigger than the two used on japan . 
  where is the environmental disaster ? 
  yes . 
  they needed it to do absolutely everything . 
  of course , what they got is a plane that does everything , but each thing quite poorly . 
  this may surprise you , but they actually ran a wargame in the 1970s which pitted sealion against the expected british defence . 
  they even used some of the original generals involved on both sides . 
  the result was a heavy german defeat . 
  kent might have gotten a bit fucked up , but the germans lose just about everybody they put on a boat . 
  it 's easy for that to be said with the benefit of hindsight . 
  shoulda , woulda , coulda . 
  the british army on the continent was too small to take on the germans on their own , they had to act in concert with the french , and unsurprisingly the french were focused on fighting a defensive war , which had worked for them the first time around . 
  * after * the war , the soviets outnumbered the combined allied forces by * four to one * in men , and two to one in tanks . 
  they also had some of the best generals of the war . 
  there absolutely was no hope of winning against that . 
  and , frankly , poland was n't worth the risk of losing 2.5 million men and having western europe fall into soviet hands . 
  so talk about `` betrayal '' all you want , but the people at the time were making the best decisions they could with what they had , and with what they knew , to try and get the best possible outcome for the most people in europe . 
  i bet they 'd be great to use for gunnery practise . 
  i 'm sure they 'd also make an awesome artificial reef . 
   ( i 'm french , no flair because i do n't post here a lot/have no idea how to set it up ) fyi message one of the mods . 
  i 'll stick to england rather than the uk . 
  we 're pretty over-represented in civ 5 , but we could add : natural wonders sherwood forest - +4 production , +4 culture when worked . 
  provides +15 xp to ranged units built in city . 
  jurassic coast - +5 science when worked . 
  white cliffs of dover - +2 science , +2 happiness when worked . 
  man made wonders bletchley park - +5 science . 
  one free technology . 
  requires electronics . 
  one free social policy . 
  requires chivalry . 
  tintagel castle - +10 defence for cities with a castle . 
  requires construction . 
  i 've heard growing apcs requires a lot of fetilizer . 
  not the same thing . 
  you can build half the turbines , claim a success , and abandon the project . 
  you cant spin half a tidal barrier as anything other than a fuck up . 
  we do n't do big engineering projects any more , thats why . 
  no politician had the balls to sign off on something that might go wrong and cost billions , regardless of potential payoff . 
  the button ? 
  yes , that was james blunt . 
  the singer . 
  when he was an officer in the army . 
  he 's still a knob , though . 
  he did , actually . 
  truth stranger than fiction . . 
  after this is done , merkel will be all like : `` i have here in my hand , a piece of paper signed by mr putin , that guarantees peace in our time . . '' and it will be said without an ounce of irony . 
  i bet you think the uk and france should have kept their noses out of poland in 1939 , too . 
  right , comrade ? 
  de gaulle always had a bee in his bonnet over the brits . 
  if you watch the video of the press conference he gave after the veto , its clear he 's absolutely loving it . 
  he comes across as insufferably smug throughout the whole thing . 
  my parents maintained it was a massive `` fuck you '' for dunkirk , which he never really forgave us for . 
  they did it . 
  they finally did it . 
  the guardian has finally gone full retard . 
  you never go full retard , man . 
   i did n't mention celebration . 
  it seemed implied to me . 
   you 're missing my point . 
  the implication in the uk is that the sacrifice was justified . 
  i 'm not missing your point . 
  there is no justification for your claim that a million men died upholding some set of ideals in wwi . 
  it 's not based on observation , so i 've no idea where you 've gotten it . 
   and this is not just about remembrance day for obvious reasons that is when wwi is foremost in peoples minds . 
  its barely discussed outside of schools and documentaries otherwise . 
  everybody learns about dresden in school here . 
  thats hardly ignoring it . 
  no , thats just not true . 
  thats not how wwi is viewed here at all , and i do n't understand where you got that idea . 
  remembrance day is a somber event , not a celebration . 
  `` one bank to rule them all , and in the darkness bind them '' ? 
  doctor : `` i 'm sorry , son , you have french . 
  and its terminal '' . 
  le patient : `` noooooon ! '', 
   what are you talking about ? 
  i said americans probably sound closer than modern british to the middle age accent , i 've been on reddit for 6 years or so now . 
  this idea that american english is somehow closer to middle english than modern british english was made up by a bunch of americans in one of the other subreddits a few years ago . 
  it resurfaces every few months or so , but does n't actually have any basis in reality . 
  can you remember who told you that american english sounds closer to middle english , and what the line of reasoning was ? 
  because if the word `` rhoticism '' was used anywhere , then its a child of that old circle-jerk that started a few years ago . 
   also anything set in the middle ages is guaranteed to have a british accent even though back then the british accent is probably more similar to american english than modern british english . 
  oh , yeah , i 've seen that circle-jerk on the more us oriented subreddits a few times . 
  it 's amazing what a room full of people furiously agreeing with each other can come up with . 
  sorry to burst your ameri-bubble , but it is n't true . 
   it 's 31 pages and it has a summary ... not really relevant to the discussion is it ? 
  i 've looked at the document , and does n't contain the content you claim it does . 
   anyway i 'm done  and unlike you i actually mean it . 
  jolly good . 
  i think you might have set some sort of record - you must have made at least 10 totally content-free posts , refusing to support your own argument . 
  astonishing . 
  summary of this discussion . 
  man makes argument , provides examples . 
  childish twit responds , throws insults about . 
  does n't actually provide any arguments . 
  claims that people who do n't summarise 40 page documents to support his argument for him are `` lazy '' .
