  then you claim you were only trolling to get a reaction . 
  then you say that you did n't mean it as an insult and a frenchman or german would n't have found it as such . 
  you are clearly an idiot . 
  because i say the uk is stuck in the past ? 
  it is . 
  you keep bringing up the empire , no one else does . 
  are you so ignorant as to think that what you attribute to others must be what they think , regardless of the fact that they do n't know what you 're talking about ? 
   your society stratified by such hopelessly obsolete concepts as the working - , middle - and upper-classes jesus christ , you really are a total twit . 
  you 've obviously never even been to the uk . 
  where are you getting this set of ideas ? 
  period dramas on tv ? 
  there is no enforced stratification of classes in the uk . 
  if people want to apply those labels to themselves , then that 's fine . 
  but nobody is stuck with a particular class label , and most do n't use one at all . 
   your economy in the dumps ( industry in the uk is rapidly being overtaken and taken over by foreign companies ) we are no worse off than many of our neighboring states . 
  and the reason you do n't show otherwise , is because you ca n't . 
   and your government is ` democratically ' elected from a 2 1/2 - party pool of corruption ( expenses-scandal anyone ? ) . 
  we actually have more than 3 parties , but you only hear about the main ones in . . wherever it is you 're from . 
  scandals occur in every democratic nation with a free press . 
  the only time you have to worry is if your nation has no scandals at all . 
   when i use hyperbole i did it to gauge the degree to which the redditors from the uk can take a jab ( trolling , yes ) . 
  everyone claims that they were trolling when they get caught saying stupid things that they ca n't back up . 
  i doubt you 're different . 
  and you 've helped prove it yourself with your continued posting of idiotic ideas . 
   had i known this place was really just a british circle-jerk i might not have bothered . 
  you are currently talking to , what , 5 brits ? 
  in a subreddit with thousands thats hardly a lot . 
  feel free to have a cry into your beer though . 
  maybe afterwards you can do us all a favour and not show your face here again - it would certainly improve the quality of the discourse . 
  i 'll take your word on the issues with the other european nations . 
  the only one i know much about is the swiss penchant for dodgy money . 
  on the uk - one of the commenters there expresses it better than i could :  i 'm puzzled by the article on britain . 
  it states that the government stepped in and absorbed the banks losses . 
  this is true , some of the banks have been partially nationalised . 
  so no bank has gone out business therefore how can billions of euros in savings of ordinary customers have been gambled away ? 
  this is totally untrue , nobody has lost their savings . 
  are uk banks in a worse state than a lot of continental ones ? 
  i do n't think so . 
   the author imples that bailing out the banks is what caused britain 's own debt problems . 
  this is again rubbish . 
  the cost of the bailouts is small compared to the overall debt . 
  the more accurate reason is that the previous labour government spent too much !, 
   financial transaction tax -- if that is imposed solely in the eu then a lot of transactions would simply be done in the usa or asia . 
  if it must be imposed why not get agreement among the g20 to have it applied globally ? 
  a financial transaction tax would ultimately hit pension funds who would bear this tax when they wanted to move investments around . 
   the financial regulation the eu wants to introduce is less about preventing another credit crunch and more about moving business from the city of london to paris and frankfurt . 
  the latest eu diktat is that banks handling euro denominated trades must be located within the eurozone . 
  why ? 
  this is an attack on the single market . 
   cameron was accused last week of blocking attempts to regulate banks but one of the things he wanted was to retain the right of the government to demand that certain uk banks hold more capital than the eu requires . 
  so that 's more regulation not less . 
   . . the trading should be allowed to take place anywhere . 
  not being in the euro has got nothing to do with where trading takes place . 
  we do n't seek to prevent trading of pound sterling transactions in frankfurt or paris . 
  the uk is still in the single market so should n't be discriminated against . 
  that post actually makes no sense at all . 
  are you saying that you throw silly insults around to see how many british people get offended by you saying insulting things about british people ? 
  if so , currently your count for this subreddit is `` 3 '' . 
  btw : english ! = british . 
  read the section on the uk ( avarice ) . . and given its lazy slanders it automatically makes me question what they 've said about other european nations too . 
  you sir , are a wazzock . 
  do you just make this stuff up as you go along , or do you genuinely believe it ? 
   in the uk we 've decided to directly measure the success of things by the % age of people going to university . 
  this is true , and it has been a massive mistake , imo . 
  i genuinely do not understand why people sneer at those training to be ( or aspiring to be ) a carpenter or a brick layer or anything else outside of academia . 
  but that seems to have been that attitude that has led to a situation where we try to force feed 50 % of the population through a bloated and expensive university system , after having killed off most of the nations vocational courses . 
   and that denmark and austria also pay more per capita than the uk . 
  so what if they do ? 
  neither nation has the inner city problems that the uk has . 
  we are still a large net contributor , no matter how much you whine . 
  i responded to the often-repeated and unfounded claim that we do not contribute to the eu . 
  if you want to pick on countries that do not contribute in proportion to their size , then start with france - 1 behind us in contributions , with millions more in population . 
  oh , but wait . . that 's right . 
  i forgot . 
  everyone in the eu aside from britain is immune to criticism as long as they vote the way they 're told to . 
  actually those figures were not from the bbc originally , they were treasury figures . 
  and , yes , we are the second biggest * net * contributor after germany . 
  you can try and fiddle the figures to make us look bad , but the simple truth is that we put in more money into the eu than we take out , by quite a way . 
  we 've already agreed to scrap the rebate as long as the cap gets reformed . 
  what more do they want ? 
   let see : - the uk pays less than other nations we 've had this discussion so many times now . 
  we are the second largest contributor to the eu after germany . 
   you have all the advantages of free trade within europe ( without it you would have no economy ) we were not a founding member of the eu , and existed just fine without it . 
  we can manage on our own again if we must . 
   you do not share in the risk of the euro , the investments and commitments other nations make to create this economic powerhouse we have had multiple governments , both left and right wing , tell europe that we thought the euro was a bad idea . 
  it looks like we were right - it * was * a bad idea . 
  why would we share a risk in something we opposed from the very beginning ? 
   you politically align yourself to protect us interests without question , and to be suspicious of eu interests we align ourselves with the us when convenient , which is better than the knee-jerk anti-americanism so many on the continent suffer from . 
  we did not get involved in , say , vietnam , because we did not agree with involvement . 
  we often side with the eu in international matters . 
   maybe the uk should just leave . 
  if we leave it will be because we are forced out by rules that are designed by the eu to force is out . 
  not because we want to leave . 
  maybe , * you * should stop complaining , and accept that in any organization dissent and disagreement is * healthy * . 
  what is * unhealthy * is throwing a tantrum every time a nation does n't vote the way you want them to . 
  and i 'm not going to reply to the rest of your post , because it 's all drivel . 
  did n't we already give up part of the rebate in return for cap reform ? 
  and then the cap never got reformed ? 
   tuesday 's plenary debate saw meps unleash much of the pent-up anger about what many politicians in brussels see as britain 's permanently lukewarm view of the eu . 
  well , when we repeatedly get screwed by the eu ( see above ) , can you really blame us for being less than enthusiastic about the eu ?
