  you 're like that girl at school who bitches about the guy who wo n't be her boyfriend . 
  nice ninja edit edit : removed `` yank '' comment in response to hlpe removing `` limey '', 
   the yes movement was n't about putting yourself first . 
  it was about the common weal - what was best for society . 
  but apparently we 're not considered part of that society . 
  so you * are * putting yourselves first . 
  you 've just narrowed the definition of `` yourselves '' . 
  so as far as the rest of the island is concerned it really is `` i 'm all right jack , fuck you '' . 
   we do n't want the ` influence ' that being in the uk has . 
  we 're fed up with the meddling in others affairs . 
  in other words , we 're fed up with westminster politics . 
  you 've totally misunderstood . 
  the uk got fucked by the cfp when it joined , which benefited nations like spain . 
  the uk got fucked by the cap , which benefited france , and managed to claw back some some of that in the form of a rebate . 
  an independent scotland * will not have the political clout * to ask to be treated fairly . 
  you 'll be meat for the larger nations . 
   we do n't want the best deal ; we want a fair deal - not just for us , but for all except when `` all '' means sharing anything you have with people that live on the same island as you . 
  okay . 
  got it . 
   that 's what the yes movement boiled down to . 
  it was , after all , a extremely leftwing movement . 
  all of the independence parties ( snp , greens , ssp ) were left wing ; whereas the right supported the union ( labour , tory , lib dem , ukip ) . 
  despite their shift away from socialism , you 'd be hard pressed to call labour `` right '' , or the lib dems for that matter . 
  and from what i could see the yes movement boiled down to `` let 's blame all our problems on england , but use the euphemism ` westminster ' , and then claim we can fix it all by leaving the union . '', 
  i would n't say `` widespread '' , but there are pockets . 
  in the north , it 's leeds , wakefield , bradford , manchester . 
  unfortunately , york has a lot of bars and nightclubs and is only 30 minutes away from leeds . 
  it goes through phases of being invaded by armies of violent twits . 
  i 've not seen any evidence of this . 
  but then again , i have n't been back to the uk for 6 months , and a lot of my friends and family are `` foreigners '' . 
  where exactly in the country has this new found xenophobia found a home ? 
  no . . it 's not . 
  i grew up and attended uni around leeds/york , and this can happen to anyone who 's `` not from around here '' . 
  southerners , students , anyone not from that bit of yorkshire . 
  anyone not wearing a ben sherman shirt and a crew cut . 
  this kind of violence has been an issue for decades . 
  farage does n't have anything to do with it . 
  harbour  harbor, 
  you mean like how the eu redistributed all of scotland 's fish ? 
  nations within the eu still fight for their own selfish national interests , regardless of the costs to others . 
  the more influential powers cut better deals for themselves . 
  i could be wrong , but i doubt an independent scotland will be able to do that . 
  what about wales and northern ireland ? 
  do n't they deserve the support we can both afford to give them ? 
  or is this more a case of `` i 'm alright , jack . . '' ? 
  my money is actually on these guys being from around leeds . 
  i grew up near there , and there was no end to this kind of shit on a friday night . 
  ironically , we 'd actually stopped the tax by the time the tea was dumped in boston harbour . 
  this literally has nothing to do with farage . 
  it 's par for the course for york on a night out . 
  i 've seen worse things happen to the locals . 
  christ . . you guys and your ukip obsession . 
  i do n't think he is , but they might be from the outlying towns around york , maybe even leeds , which has a big problem of this sort . 
  so , they could be local to yorkshire , but not york . 
  that 's york for you . 
  myself and some mates got attacked for being `` staew-dunts '' while i was there . 
  more than once . 
  the most memorable time - we were literally running down a street with a crowd chasing us . 
  hilarious story to tell now , but if we 'd been caught , we 'd have gotten proper fucked up . 
  i think you need to do an bit of serious introspection . 
  you 've just come up with a scenario that is a series of speculations piled upon speculations , just to try and make the english look `` bad '' . 
  unlike scotland , there was never any popular push in england to keep revenues from national resources local to england - not for oil , coal , gas , or offshore resources in english waters . 
  we are not scotland , and we do not think like you do . 
  nobody likes twats with a victim complex . 
  it not a `` dissenting opinion '' , he 's whinging about something that will never happen . 
  do n't be a prick . 
  there is no set up for england to keep its money separate from the rest of the uk , and there is no separate english parliament to spend any funds that might in theory be specifically allocated to england . 
  the funds will automatically go into the uk coffers and be distributed uk-wide accordingly . 
  well , there is a subreddit for res at / r/enhancement , you could have a look for help there . 
  it does save on effort , remembering who the twits are . 
  the stock market crisis caused by the oil crisis lasted throughout 1973 , but was over by 1974 . 
  the uk economy was in the toilet until well after thatchers government came to power , much later . 
   by the uk ffs and you were quite desperate to get in the eec too , especially after charled de gaulle said `` non '' twice . 
  this is technically true , but again it is overly simplistic interpretation . 
  the uk economy was expected , by the heath government , to improve upon entering the eec , but it did n't . 
  in fact it got worse , our fishing industry collapsed because of the cfp , and we had to fight for a rebate for the grossly unfair level of money we were pumping into the eec . 
  what actually * did * help the uk economy to pick up was some of the reforms brought in by thatchers government , which had nothing to do with eec membership . 
  we 'll do just fine outside the eu , thanks , if that 's the way the country decides to vote . 
  res is good for this as it allows you to tag users in a way that suits you . 
  just tag him `` euro muppet '' . 
  are you literally pining for the fjords ? 
  this maybe the funniest thing i 've seen all year . 
  not really an exhibit of any sort is it , though ? 
  if an * independent scotland * prints pounds they wo n't be pounds sterling , because the uk does n't do currency unions . 
  there is no way , * no way * , that england will allow you to print sterling . 
  as a currency it existed well before the union , and its a little misleading to say scotland has as much right to it as england , because you really do n't . 
  if you want to use sterling post-independence , then fine . 
  but you wo n't be able to print any , and you wo n't be able to control your own interest rates . 
  so , realistically that means your choice is either the euro , or a new currency . 
  anything is else is just fantasy . 
   not sure if this has been asked before , but would many here support a sort of federal european union ` super-state ' ? 
  uh . . that 's not really a good example of governance . 
  tibet and the uigurs are oppressed peoples that want to break away from china proper and have done for some time . 
  hell , tibet was effectivley * conquered * by china last century . 
  if china become democratic , it would lose those two regions within decades , even * with * all the ethnic cleansing they 've done under the radar . 
  at any time we can always decide to tell the americans to go fuck themselves . 
  if we 're part of a federal eu , how exactly are we supposed to tell the rest of the federation to go fuck themselves ? 
  because at the rate things are going , i 'm worried once we 're in , it will take bombs and bullets to get us out . 
  so you have nothing . 
  that 's what i thought .
