  even if they 'd all died in bondage . 
   . . and the slaves would not have been included in the population . 
  were they slaves or indentured servants ? 
  the latter would eventually be free ( after 7 years i think ) , and would have contributed to population census in 1670 . 
  the first legally recognised slave in the americas was not until [ 1654 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/slavery_in_the_united_states#colonial_america ) , after a court case . 
   as for records , its unlikely as most of the states records were destroyed in the fire at the four courts during the civil war . 
  estimated guessing is probably the best we can do unfortunetely the estimates from contemporary source that i 've read put the total from ireland at around about 60,000 . 
  well , the cromwellian invasion of ireland * was * pretty vile . 
  it was the scorched earth policy that the new model army adopted to beat guerillas that ultimately caused the famine and plague which killed about ~ 40 % of the population . 
  what i object to are silly numbers thrown about without thought . 
  it 's pointless to double or triple , or in this case nearly quintuple , the number of people that suffered a particular hardship , because when exaggerations are uncovered it undermines the serious study of that bit of history . 
  well , we studied the civil war period and the cromwellian invasion of ireland in history . 
  around 6-7 hundred thousand either died in ireland in the period due to plague and famine , or were deported , or left to serve in armies overseas . 
  that graph shows the population dropping from about ~ 1.5 million to ~ 0.8 million . 
  so , yes , that 's about half , or call it 700 thousand people . 
  to then go on and claim that 300,000 of those people got transported to the americas and the caribbean , seems a bit odd , especially since the american population climbed by only about [ 60,000 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographic_history_of_the_united_states#historical_population ) in that period , which seems to agree with the known number transported from ireland and england . 
  it would have cost an enormous amount to transport a third of a million people , and there would have been ships records , surely ? 
  given the state ireland was in at the time , i think it 's more likely that most of those people just starved or died of the plague . 
   this attitude was summed up by the definitive parisian film , d\u00eener de cons ( `` dinner of fools '' , 1998 ) : a bunch of stylish parisians hold a weekly dinner to which they each invite an unknowing con , `` a fool '' , in order to crow over their cons ' appearance , tastes , conversation etc. 
  parisian life is like a d\u00eener de cons except that nobody would ever really invite the poor cons to dinner . 
  hey , that sounds a lot like the plot for the film [ `` dinner for schmucks '' ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0427152/ ) ... 
  the author is quoting the author of the other [ article ] ( http://www.globalresearch.ca/the-irish-slave-trade-the-forgotten-white-slaves/31076 ) from the canadian site , john martin . 
  martin does n't cite sources other than a link to the book , and from what i understand , that 's not what the book says . 
  i do n't know . 
  the numbers the article authors claim seem huge , especially for the time , it just does n't sound realistic to me . 
  yeah , but the article it references is canadian . 
  also , it looks like the numbers they cited might be exaggerated . 
  i 'm not really sure why . 
  the books seems to think it was around 300,000 from britain and ireland . 
  the article thinks it was over 300,00 from ireland alone . 
  this is a weird submission . 
  it is an article , that references an article , that references a book that was published in 2008 . 
  the [ book ] ( http://www.amazon.co.uk/white-cargo-forgotten-history-britains/dp/1845961935/ref=sr_1_1?ie=utf8&amp;amp;qid=1359626325&amp;amp;sr=8-1 ) is called `` white cargo '' . 
  here is the book synopsis :  in the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries , 300,000 people or more became slaves there in all but name . 
  urchins were swept up from london 's streets to labour in the tobacco fields , brothels were raided to provide ` breeders ' for virginia and hopeful migrants were duped into signing as indentured servants , unaware they would become chattels who could be bought , sold and gambled away . 
  it 's the book on white slavery that i have not yet read , the other being [ white gold ] ( http://www.amazon.co.uk/white-gold-extraordinary-africas-european/dp/0340794704/ref=pd_bxgy_b_text_z ) , about the slave trade between europe and north africa , in which barbary pirates kidnapped roughly a million europeans from across europe and north america , and sold them as slaves in north africa . 
  white gold was very good , and i recommend it . 
  what 's weird is that although the book focuses on slaves taken from across the british isles , english prisoners , street children , jacobite highlanders , etc , the articles focus solely on the irish . 
  looks like it might be an interesting book . 
  here is the chapter list/description , taken from an amazon review : chapter 1 : a place for the unwanted : elizabethan adventurers dreamed of an american empire that would give them gold and glory . 
  others saw the new world as a dumping ground for england 's unwanted poor . 
  chapter 2 : the judge 's dream : a highwayman who became lord chief justice planned to colonise american with criminals . 
  he began to empty england 's gaols and set a precedent . 
  chapter 3 : the merchant prince : the mastermind behind the first successful english colony in america was reputedly britain 's richest man . 
  he kept a fledging virginia going and paved the way for the first white slaves . 
  chapter 4 : children of the city : the virginia company wanted youngsters to work in the tobacco fields . 
  the burghers of london wanted rid of street children . 
  so a bargain was struck and hundreds of children were transported . 
  chapter 5 : the jagged edge : the new world was a magnet for the poor . 
  to get there , they had to mortgage their labour in advance . 
  they were not to know that they had contracted into slavery and might die in bondage . 
  chapter 6 : ` they are not dogs ' : virginia was run by planters who pushed through laws that relegated `` servants '' and `` apprentices '' to the status of livestock . 
  notionally they had rights but planters were literally allowed to get away with murder . 
  chapter 7 : the people trade : in the 1603s , almost 80,000 people left england for the chesapeake , new england and the caribbean , most of them indentured servants . 
  a ruthless trade in people developed in which even a small investor could make money . 
  chapter 8 : spirited away : untold numbers were kidnapped or duped onto america-bound ships and sold as servants . 
  the `` spiriting '' business became as insidious and organized as the cocaine racket today . 
  even magistrates took a cut of the proceeds . 
  chapter 9 : foreigners in their own land : ethnic and religious cleansing in ireland became a model for native americans being cleared from the chesapeake . 
  during the cromwell era , still more were displaced and ireland became a major source of slaves for the new world . 
  chapter 10 : dissent in the north : during the 1650s , scotland fought shy of transporting its unwanted to any english colony . 
  then religious and political dissent wer made punishable by transportation to the americas . 
  sometimes more died on the way than ever reached the new world . 
  chapter 11 : the planter from angola : the idea that africans were virginia 's first slaves is revealed as a myth through the story of one who became a planter himself and went on to own whites as well as blacks . 
  chapter 12 : ` barbadosed ' : in the 1640s , barbados became the boom economy of the new world . 
  the tiny island 's sugar industry would outperform all its rivals in profits - and in its ruthless use of slave labour . 
  chapter 13 : the grandees : a planter aristocracy emerged in the chesapeake . 
  its members dealt in men , land and influence , creating dynasties that dominated america for centuries . 
  but stories of brutality deterred would be settlers from emigrating . 
  chapter 14 : bacon 's rebellion : the planters ' nightmare of a combined uprising by blacks and whites came true when a charismatic young aristocrat turned an indian war into a campaign against his own class , the english grandees . 
  swearing never again , the grandees set out to divide the races . 
  chapter 15 : queen anne 's golden book : bogus promises of free land persuaded hordes of europeans to sel up and leave for america . 
  they began a nightmare journey that left some so impoverished they sold their children to pay the fare . 
  but some outfoxed their exploiters . 
  chapter 16 : disunity in the union : scottish clansmen were sold as servants in the americas while their chieftains were allowed a comfortable exile in france - two different fates for jacobites after 1715 . 
  merchants made fortunes selling clansmen in six different colonies . 
  chapter 17 : lost and found : the tide of kidnapping continued under the hanoverians . 
  in two famous instances , victims returned , as if from the dead , to denounce their abductors . 
  one claimed to be heir to an earldom , kidnapped by the man who stole his birthright . 
  chapter 18 : ` his majesty 's seven-year passengers ' : after 1718 , england subsidised the convict trade and america was deluged with british jailbirds . 
  paranoia grew , with soaring crime rates and epidemic blamed on convicts . 
  only employers were happy : a convict servant was half the price of an african slave . 
  chapter 19 : the last hurrah : having won their liberty in the war of independence , americans had no intention of allowing their country to serve as a penal colony ever again . 
  britain had other plans and an astonishing plot was born . 
  i 've never seen that speech . 
  it was surprisingly good . 
  you know you 've got a point when both sides of the house of commons are laughing at your jokes . 
  no disagreement here . 
  it 's one of the big problems with our culture . 
  this makes me sad , because it 's completely true . 
  i have a 6 month old daughter . 
  she 's very friendly , always smiling at total strangers . 
  genuinely happy to meet people . 
  i 'm afraid that as she gets older that 's going to get beaten out of her personality by stand-offish brits . 
  it was n't always the case . 
  the massive paranoia over child molesters has changed the culture since i was a kid . 
  i like that . 
  it 's sad that the first think i thought of when i saw this submission was `` interesting . 
  now , how are / r/europe going to use this to bash the uk ? '', 
   really thought we were past the `` imperial might doesnt need you lesser races '' shit .
