  this is what you said :  said the project was about ever closer union this is what it says :  to lay the foundations of an ever-closer union among the peoples of europe , see the difference ? 
   said the project was about ever closer union that 's not really true . 
  here is a [ direct link ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/economy_finance/emu_history/documents/treaties/rometreaty2.pdf ) to the text of the treaty of rome . 
  at the top of the second page , it says :  [ the signatories ]  determined ** to lay the foundations of an ever-closer union among the peoples of europe ** ,  resolved to ensure the economic and social progress of their countries by common action to eliminate the barriers which divide europe ,  affirming as the essential objective of their efforts the constant improvement of the living and working conditions of their peoples ,  recognising that the removal of existing obstacles calls for concerted action in order to guarantee steady expansion , balanced trade and fair competition ,  anxious to strengthen the unity of their economies and to ensure their harmonious development by reducing the differences existing between the various regions and the backwardness of the less favoured regions ,  desiring to contribute , by means of a common commercial policy , to the progressive abolition of restrictions on international trade ,  intending to confirm the solidarity which binds europe and the overseas countries and desiring to ensure the development of their prosperity , in accordance with the principles of the charter of the united nations ,  resolved by thus pooling their resources to preserve and strengthen peace and liberty , and calling upon the other peoples of europe who share their ideal to join in their efforts ,  have decided to create a european economic community and to this end have designated as their plenipotentiaries : it is quite clear that this body of `` preamble '' text is not a prescriptive statement about the end game of the eu being a united states of europe , which is how a lot of people here try to pass it off . 
  it 's open for future generations to interpret , not pass down as unalterable law . 
  it 's like the bloke at the pub who always tries to turn the conversation his way - everyone tries to be polite and listen to the . 
  same . 
  for the polite minimum amount of time before moving back to whatever it was everyone was talking about before billy no mates opened his mouth . 
  death by snu snu ? 
  well , the avalanche of downvotes on all my posts only began after he realised he was wrong . 
  such is life . 
  so are you saying newsnight was lying ? 
  because they 're quite a respected news program in the uk . 
  hello denial , again . 
  it 's not hard to find this stuff , you know . 
  sarkosy recently came out with :  ` you come from an island , so maybe you do n't understand the subtleties of european construction , ' - to bbc newsnight 's economics editor paul mason . 
  hello denial ? 
   not to mention that this xenophobia thing is something that brits have against the french , not the opposite ... 
  surely you 're not serious . 
  french politicians have publicly been xenophobic about the brits since napoleon . 
  it 's truly sad this is almost the bottom most comment . 
   and people from poor regions of the uk hate with a pure passion because they saw their communities destroyed no . 
  this is not true . 
  please do n't act like you 're speaking for all of us . 
   my family was n't in the uk during her reign but i personally really really dislike her . 
  oh , right . 
  this explains the rest of your post . 
  yeah . 
  i read the text below it . 
  it reads like a bad teenage revenge fantasy . 
  i 'm simply not buying that this map was ever even a thing . 
   the eu is the largest consumer of russian gas , keeping gazprom afloat and the russian govt 's coffers full . 
  if russian gas were to suddenly become an unreliable source , the eu ( collectively ) would just have to find someone else to give their money to , which would be bad news for russia . 
  the problem here is * lag time * between the gas being switched off and finding another supplier . 
  russia is close . 
  the gas is cheap . 
  turning it off would * hurt * , as our reserves only cover a few days , and no large scale suplier could be found at short notice . 
  and if you do n't think they would do it , then i urge you to look at both the history of what russia has already done in regards to its gas , as well as what the arabs did with their oil in the 1970s , and its consequences . 
   [ on your link ] i 've been following the clathrates science for over a decade now , but from a different angle - the large scale release of methane from clathrates from the seabed should ocean temperatures rise sufficiently . 
  deliberately pumping them to the surface and using them as a fuel source is not an industry we want to start . 
  it 'll be like the oil industry all over again , and i do n't believe that they 'll be any more environmentally responsible than the oil and coal set are . 
   however you 're right in saying that russia could turn off the gas one winter , but the countries of the eu keep a massive strategic petroleum reserve for just such an incident . 
  we have both petroleum and gas reserves . 
  i think you meant to say gas reserves - which lasts only a matter of days , at least in the uk . 
  in a way , yes ? 
  the eu is becoming increasingly dependent on russian gas supplies , and many mobsters have political connections . 
  the russians have shut off the gas before ; what happens if they decide to do it during a particularly harsh winter ? 
  no , payments are based on [ acreage alone ] ( http://www.newstatesman.com/blogs/politics/2012/09/revealed-how-we-pay-our-richest-landowners-millions-subsidies ) . 
  not output . 
   payments are based on acreage alone , and take no account of wealth , making the scheme one of the most regressive imaginable - the more you own , the more you get . 
  in addition , since the eu 's definition of `` farmer '' does not require individuals to actively produce food or other agricultural products , many recipients are , in effect , paid not to farm . 
   i thought you just got cap for producing agricutural products . 
  so yes , simple . 
  okay . 
  so given your definition above , if i have one pig and one apple tree sitting on 40,000 acres of land , i get cap subsidies . 
  no matter how specific you make the definition , there is always a loop hole . 
   you do n't get cap subsidy if you do n't do anything with your land , do you ? 
  well , you could produce a concrete legal definition of the term `` do n't do anything '' , and the problem goes away . . should be easy , right ? 
   plus , if you own land , you pay a tax on it ( at least in france ) . 
  in the uk , you do n't pay tax just for ownership of land , as i said elsewhere - this would require a comprehensive land registry , which listed what everyone owned and how much it was worth . 
  in any case , even if we had such a tax , people with large amounts of land would simply use a portion of their cap income to pay it . 
  a prerequisite for a land value tax would be for the government to have a registry of exactly how much land everyone owns and how much it was worth . 
  would you believe me if i told you that , at least in the uk , we have no official record of who owns what ? 
  [ link ] ( http://www.who-owns-britain.com/ ), 
  that 's true . 
  the crown estates absolutely * rake it in * from the cap . 
  of course , anyone who owns a big chunk of land can get in on this fiddle , not just the royals . 
   most cap funding goes to big corporations , but whatever small funding does reach the little guy helps . 
  i ca n't believe no one ever talks about this , but - a huge chunk of the cap goes to land-owning aristocracy . 
  people who own land , and do n't intend to do anything with it , other than landscaping , get your taxes to help fund their . . well , whatever . 
  they get your money . 
  lots of it . 
  both the * new statesman * and * the guardian * have done expos\u00e9s on this , and no one seems to give a fuck . 
  been there since the close of wwii . 
  they were going to leave in 1945 , but then they all went to octoberfest and discovered the magical combination of beer and titties . 
  there was no moving them after that . 
  you 're not going to start talking about lizard people , are you ? 
   regular people wo n't `` pay the tax '' , they 'll be affected by it down the road somewhere . 
  that 's ... the same as indirectly paying the tax . 
   this is ok if the result is to reign in the bankers and prevent another catastrophe like the one from a few years ago . 
  i can see how regulation could reign in the bankers . 
  how will taxing people reign them in ? 
  coming later this year is the comet [ ison ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/science/brighter-than-a-full-moon-the-biggest-star-of-2013-could-be-ison--the-comet-of-the-century-8431443.html ) , which is on it 's first ever trip to the inner solar system from the oort cloud . 
  it 's a once-in-a-million year opportunity to see something spectacular . 
  just hope that a chunk does n't come off and [ hit ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lucifer's_hammer ) . 
   it 's not that i 'm lazy , it 's that just do n't care . 
  fine . 
  if you deliberately avoid any attempt to see the point of view of the opposing camp , then you 're not really in a position for an informed debate , only a partisan rant . 
   i can think of better ways to spend an hour than watching crusty old eurosceptics complain about how they were cheated at the referendum . 
  it 's a bbc documentary about the uk 's relationship with the eu since the close of wwii . 
  how disappointing that you did n't even take 5 seconds to appreciate that fact . 
  then again , what else would you expect from someone who avoids encountering any information which contradicts his existing world view , no matter how credible the source . 
   ( of coursae they are going to say that , the only other option is to accept the result of the referendum and shut up about it . ), 
  yet again , i point out that the linked documentary does not consist of eurosceptics . 
  the people within it are mostly pro-europe , with some reservations . 
  the first and second parts chart the progress of the uk entry into the eu , and part of that progress involved a prime minister * deliberately * lying about the nature of the organisation we were joining . 
  that is a * fact * . 
  regardless of whether you are a europhile , and think it was justified , or a eurosceptic , and think it was foolish , it is still a * fact * . 
  the governed did not give consent to become a state within a federal european state . 
   you submitted two links to 50 minute videos , of course i 'm not going to watch them .
