  so they can pretend that they 're big swinging dicks . 
  why count `` europe '' as a single entity and then dismiss the commonwealth as if it ca n't be considered one ? 
  not entirely true . 
  from memory - some of the us govt . 
  policy advisers who specialised in south america were freaking out about a conflict between two of their allies and wanted the us to come down firmly on the argentinian side * diplomatically * . 
  there was no chance of us military action against the uk - no one with any brains considered it for a moment . 
  even considering it could have destroyed nato at the height of the cold war . 
  o'rly ? 
  might want to question why you 're so angry , then , `` frisiandude '' . 
   it is just the opinion of one guy whereas there is a fact in the link you have just posted you 've misread it . 
  read it again :  the u.s. 
  ambassador to constantinople , henry morgenthau , reported that constantinople expected to be attacked and ** that the ottomans felt they could only hold out for a few hours ** if the attack had resumed on the 19th . 
  further , he thought that turkey itself might well disintegrate as a state once the capital fell . 
  he is doing what a good ambassador does and telling his government * what the ottomans * are thinking . 
  it 's not just `` his opinion '' . 
  yeah man , all the hatred , generalised negative statements about my country and floods of downvotes in this very thread is * totally * convincing me that maybe we should all be pro-eu . 
  ` cos maybe then they 'll stop hating us , right ? 
  right ? 
  no , the eu had issues i had ignored up until i realised just how hated we were . 
  then that got me questioning the whole lot , and now i see the project as a complete failure . 
  * shrug * seeing what my `` fellow europeans '' on this sub really thought of us over the last 6 years has turned me from pro-eu into a eurosceptic . 
  happy to be in a customs union with you guys , but i honestly would n't want to share a country with you all after the naked hate i 've seen displayed in here . 
  there is a good overview of what happened [ here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/naval_operations_in_the_dardanelles_campaign ) , which does n't gel with what you 've said . 
  especially :  the u.s. 
  ambassador to constantinople , henry morgenthau , reported that constantinople expected to be attacked and that the ottomans felt they could only hold out for a few hours if the attack had resumed on the 19th . 
  further , he thought that turkey itself might well disintegrate as a state once the capital fell . 
  if you think thats wrong , go and make some wikipedia edits and provide your sources . 
  it 's just the usual / r/europe brit-hate raising its ugly head and dressed in new clothes . 
  and they wonder why we do n't want to be a federation with them . 
  you are clearly a complete idiot . 
  you 're ... sort of on the right track . 
  but you 've really over simplified and distorted a few things , and really sold an anti-british view of events . 
  the older ships were supposed to use surprise and speed to force the straights , sail to istanbul and force the turks out of the war . 
  it was n't a * cold heartless scheme * , it was designed to force a nation out of the war with only a few shots fired , saving lives on both sides and pulling the war in our favour . 
  the issue with forcing the old fleet through the straits was that they were going to take losses from whatever the defences were . 
  it turned out the straits had been mined , and many ships were sunk . 
  the admiral in charge ordered the fleet to withdraw because of the losses , and churchill was understandably furious : those ships were just about useless in any other theatre of the war , and we 'd lost the opportunity that came with a surprise attack to knock the turks out of the war with only a few shots fired . 
  his view was : `` who cared if half the ships were lost in the process ? 
  the ships themselves were obsolete , and the crew losses would pale in comparison to troops lost in a ground war '' . 
  churchill was not always right , but he was in this instance . 
  one admirals ' affection for his obsolete fleet of ships cost hundreds of thousands of lives in the long run . 
  the decision to withdraw the old fleet , killed the element of surprise and * led to * the landings at gallipoli . 
  you 've conflated the two things in your version of events , without understanding how one is related to the other . 
  as for gallipoli itself - yes there were a lot of kiwis and aussies there , but far more brits were lost in that campaign . 
  does n't matter . 
  i 'm sure british intelligence knew what they were up to . 
  you do n't hand a knife to someone preparing to stab you in the back , even if they 're not actually stabbed you yet . 
  fair enough . 
  i thought you were one of those `` language wars '' people , but clearly you 're not . 
  my own outfit tends to take on smart , experienced people , and train them up in whatever is language is required . 
  so i get annoyed at developers who say they ca n't find anyone `` good '' , and then it turns out they 're just looking for x years in haskell or something daft like that . 
  so how do you define `` good '' , given that you 're implicitly defining `` not good '' by number of years experience in at least two languages ? 
   apply to nato as well . 
  so why you claim that european armed forces would n't be able to overcome challenges nato has faced since the beginning ? 
  actually none of those four things apply to nato . 
  nato is not an army . 
  it does n't have a common language , equipment set , etc - despite its constituent armies having those things . 
  what the op proposed ( or what i * thought * they proposed ) was the often-discussed common european army , * not * a replacement for nato consisting only of armies from eu nations ( which , as i pointed out elsewhere makes no sense ) . 
  there is a big difference between a single army and a collection of armies bound by treaty . 
  edit : slight correction to the above - english is the * de facto * language of nato , given the number of english speaking nations that take part and provide a high proportion of the muscle . 
  as far as i know it has no formal language requirements from member nations . 
  nato troops . 
  because they exist and there is a large number of them based in germany . 
  you 're talking about replicating nato , but without the americans or any of the commonwealth nations . 
  that is nuts . 
  i mean , this one is a no-brainer for me . 
  you 've basically answered yourself in your closing comments . 
  europe * as a whole * is n't currently capable of conducting a war with an impoverished 2nd world nation that is a short boat ride away in north africa . 
  on the other hand , the us is the pre-eminent military power in the world . 
  not to leverage them for european defence through nato would be a decision based on pride rather than pragmatism . 
  it makes no sense . 
  a united european military is a pipe dream . 
  there are a number of essential elements you need for a combined military . 
  at a minimum , these are : 1 . 
  a common command language everyone speaks 2 . 
  a common equipment set 3 . 
  a common organisational structure 4 . 
  an executive branch that is able to use the military , at short notice to deal with emergencies , without going through onerous bureaucratic procedures be realistic . 
  none of these things are going to happen . 
  1 - will not happen because the obvious choice is english , and adopting english as the language of the european military is politically impossible . 
  2 - it would take years of negotiations to come up with a common equipment set , and even if we did it the eu constitient nations would spend most of the next few years fighting over their share of the manufacturing contracts , most of which would probably go to germany , further solidifying its manufacturing lead over the rest of europe . 
  spreading the manufacturing over the whole of europe for the sake of distributing the jobs would make sense politically , but would also make the equipment more expensive . 
  3 - is actually the least difficult , but is still a barrier . 
  4 - is key . 
  having a military without an executive with the power to deploy it immediately renders that military almost completely pointless . 
  handing these kind of powers to the eu executive is highly dangerous and would probably require years of further treaty negotiations between eu members . 
  as well as the above you 'd have to think about how you fund it . 
  really , every individual eu citizen would have to contribute the same amount toward this military via a direct tax ( which would require another treaty ) . 
  failure to do this would mean we 'd have to use the existing half-arsed mechanisms of payment through national governments , and we would end with some nations paying far more for their own defense than neccessary , and others effectively getting a free army . 
  it 's best to stick with the defensive deterrent that we 've had since the cold war - nato , and to further twist the arm of those members that are failing to spend their 2 % of gbp on defence . 
  i feel a disturbance in the force , as if several million people just went `` hon hon hon '' . 
  we 're so sorry about that . 
  personally , i 'm looking forward to the endless wailing emanating from owen jones . 
  it 's like a present i have to wait 5 years to unwrap . 
  corbyn has been toadying up to the russians ever since the days of the soviet union . 
  this is n't new . 
  you guys always forget that de gaulle was actually in favour of uk entry , once the cap was in place and he needed someone to pick up the bill . . 
  maybe more like `` dem defense contacks doe '' . 
  wrong move france . 
  right move - install all female protection team .
