  what incentive would ruk have to bail out a bank that paid it 's taxes in scotland ? 
  none . 
  far more sensible , in the long run , to simply bail out the ruk account holders if the bank folded . 
  in any case , have you now changed your mind and decided that rbs * is * a scottish bank ? 
   rbs is hardly a scottish bank any more - i think the stat is that 90 % of its operations within the uk took place in england . 
  rbs headquarters are in edinburgh , and would this be based in an independent scotland . 
  it does n't really matter where most of its operations happen . 
  what matters is where it would pay taxes . 
  it 's not the devolution that wales , northern ireland and scotland got . 
  it 's not the devolution that england wants . 
  it was very misleading to state that england `` turned down devolution '' . 
  it did n't . 
  it turned down the form it was offered in - regional assemblies . 
  nobody wanted them . 
   scottish devolution has n't exactly shut scotland up , has it ? 
  devolution for scotland was for the country as a whole , not * separately * for individual regions , which is what they tried to fob-off england with - the `` regional assemblies '' . 
  people rightly saw it as a just an additional layer between the local council and westminster , i.e : * not * an actual parliament , just a bunch more jobs for the boys . 
  the reason that the devolved parliaments in edinburgh , belfast and cardiff are taken seriously is that they can always push for further devolution , or even independence from the union , if they do n't like the way things are going . 
  regional english assemblies would have no such power , but a devolved english parliament * would * . 
  that is why i made the comment about manageable chunks - devolved regional assembles are ultimately toothless animals . 
  offer england a referendum on having their own parliament , they 'll take it in a second . 
   they tried that , it was turned down in a referendum . 
  no , that was regional assemblies , not an english parliament . 
   the problem is that the last time english devolution was floated , it was resoundingly rejected . 
  we have never had a discussion on english devolution . 
  we had that `` regional assembly '' nonsense , which was ( imo ) an attempt to break the english up into manageable chunks and keep them quiet . 
   in relation to oil : the biased westminster parliament says 20 years left in order to make it look bad ; the biased oil companies say 60 years in order to increase share prices . 
  an average would be 40 years . 
  surely you 're joking - `` the biased westminster parliament '' my arse . 
  the north sea oil fields have reached peak already and are in decline . 
  there is absolutely no way anyone will still be squeezing oil out of them in 40 years . 
  look , i do n't mind if scotland as a whole want independence , that 's fine , but i do mind that some of you are turning this into a series of increasingly silly conspiracy theories with `` westminster '' as the villain . 
  tempting , but no . 
  too divisive . 
  i like the idea suggested above of a greenfield site somewhere on the edge of the alps . 
  one of the videos linked from there is somewhat relevant , and a favourite scene from a favourite film of mine : [ network ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=fvwp&amp;nr=1&amp;v=jxit30n6ti4 ) . 
  mitt romney - some men just want to watch the world burn ? 
  do n't be silly . 
  we wo n't get as many medals because we wo n't be hosting . 
  oh , we 've got that one . 
  only it was about * italian * tanks . 
  upvote for german joke about the war . 
  this has to be the first one i 've ever seen . . 
  [ historical note : the longbow was originally welsh . 
  might want to leave them alone ], 
  did i dash your dreams like a [ train in the night ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-xp-shbrbuy ) . . like a train in the . . . . hold on i can get this . . . . night ? 
  disappointed the link was not `` my lovely horse '' . . 
  meh , i do n't hate it . 
  you have to take it for what it is - eu wide sillyness . 
   but seriously , how do countries like the united kingdom , the producer of some of the world 's greatest music , choose a group like `` blue '' to represent them in a music competition ? 
  we honestly do n't know . 
  it 's a panel that select which act gets sent to eurovision , which is weird because the judging is done by partial-popular vote . 
  most of the country groans when we get told who 's representing us at eurovision . 
  man , you really are an arse . 
  newsflash : you are not the internet or its representative . 
  if you genuinely do n't understand the downvotes , then i would give up on reddit right now , mate . 
  you 're coming across as an obnoxious troll . 
  easy lads , * step away from the keyboard * . 
  upvote for appropriate user name . 
  oh dear god , speak for yourself , mate . 
  he begins with :  eurosceptics hanker after a world where britain ran an empire , including a quarter of the worlds ' population , but geopolitical change means that the united kingdom can only remain a global player through the eu - argues tory mep firstly , i must have missed the bit in the article where he actually * argues * that ( the first assertion he makes ) . 
  he just * assumes * it . 
  he * starts * with the premise that anyone who is a eurosceptic must fit the above statement , which is hardly fair . 
  i 'm broadly pro-europe , but even i can see that the sceptics that fit the above description are very much in the minority , and are more likely to be with the nutters in ukip than in the tory party . 
  secondly , you 're not going to convince the * actual * eurosceptics of your argument if the very first thing you say is effectively an insult . 
  the rest of the article is an argument that we ( europe ) need to band together to resist the worlds future demographic and economic changes , but it does not necessarily follow that the sole solution to the issue is a federal europe . 
  in short , it was a lazy argument designed to appeal to people who already agree with it . 
  nah , we just feel we 've hogged the limelight a bit too much . 
  pass the popcorn , i think we 'll sit this one out too . . 
  maybe i 'm being a bit stupid , but . . where is the other 82 % ? 
  are they dead already ? 
  i like the photo they included . 
  ukip voters are usually retired people with slightly right wing views . 
  i 'm guessing the party halves in size every 10 years or so ... 
  * punches the air * yes !, 
   oh , look , a uk article about something french that is dripping in bile . 
  i honestly have trouble figuring out how you came to this conclusion . 
  because he 's a troll . 
  yeah . 
  my pension plans says i retire when i 'm 60 . 
  i know that is a total fiction . 
  i 'll be working until i ca n't work any more . 
  it is , and it is n't . 
  for the planet , population increase is a bad thing . 
  for us , population increase is the only thing keeping our bonkers economic system afloat . 
  without it , look forward to a life of massive taxation to pay for the care of your local oldies , combined with massive rounds of benefit cuts with each subsequent financial crisis , culminating in your pension ( assuming you have one ) being worth very little by the time * you * retire . 
   how do we make it normal again for a family to have 2 children ? 
  i have my first daughter on the way . 
  one thing is clear , she 's going to be an only child . 
  we just do n't have the money to raise two kids , and provide them with decent education , and we never will . 
  we 're going to be struggling on just my salary alone for the first year , and after that , even if my wife decides to go back to work , most of her salary would go on childcare . 
  we 're also going to be stuck in rented accommodation , forever . 
  that is not ideal , as it reduces stability as you can never be sure when you 'll be asked to pay more rent , or asked to move on . 
  on my salary we 'll never get a mortgage on anything other than a one bedroom flat , which would be too small for a family of three . 
  my salary is not likely to increase very much over time . 
  i 'm guessing the core problem is old people hanging on to a vast chunk of the wealth . 
  in the uk , that equates to property . 
  the amount of money i spend paying off someone else 's mortgage each month is * insane * . 
  it 's most of what i earn . 
  just living should n't cost this much .
