  you have totally , * totally * misunderstood and focused way too much on churchill because of the blinkers you have on . 
  churchill did very little of practical value in the war . 
  really , the main thing he did that made a real difference was ensuring we stayed in after dunkirk . 
   you do n't have any idea what would have happened if chamberlain stayed on or if someone else replaced him , you 're just attributing results of a very intricate war to the doings of one person . 
  again , nonsense . 
  yes , i do actually . 
  and i 've given you my reasoning . 
  the cabinet minutes are available from those meetings . 
  we would have been out without churchill . 
  it 's that simple . 
   yes , if the nazis won , a swing that would have required significantly more than the absence of churchill . 
  again , you skipped over much of the explanation of * why * and have your blinkers on over churchill . 
  without chruchill , the uk is out . 
  with the uk being out , the nazi 's can pivot east , get all the oil they want , all the trade they want , possibly even a massive cash injection from the uk paying `` reparations '' . 
   i 'm searching for a new word that 's not `` nonsense '' , but you 're making it hard when what you 're saying makes absolutely no sense . 
  there is `` no way '' the americans get involved without churchill ? 
  really ? 
  holy shit . 
  they have no reason to get involved . 
  why would they fucking bother ? 
  by the time pearl harbour happens well over a year later , the nazi 's have all of europe ( due to the above ) and they have no way of launching an invasion without the uk as a base , or the royal navy as an ally ( which was huge at the time ) , and british innovations like the mulburries and the cracking of the enigma code . 
  they also would n't have gotten [ uk research ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tizard_mission ) into jet aircraft , nuclear arms or radar . 
   yes , if the nazis won , a swing that would have required significantly more than the absence of churchill . 
  i 've just told you how it happens . 
  it 's the overwhelmingly likely scenario given what we know . 
  he kept us in . 
   i do n't what makes you guys go into full-retard mode whenever churchill comes up , but it 's beyond funny and just kinda sad that you actually believe ww2 was as simple as `` churchill or lose '' , which is what you 're defending here . 
  * sigh * look . 
  you do n't like him . 
  i get it . 
  i do n't particularly like him either . 
  but that does not detract from the fact that his life had a real impact on the course of history , and its main impact was a handful of cabinet meetings that kept the uk in the war . 
   what on earth makes your think there were only those two options ? 
  `` churchill rules or we all roll over '' . 
  what nonsense . 
  actually , it 's not at all nonsense . 
  after dunkirk the entire cabinet was in a panic , and there was a lot of pressure to `` come to terms '' with nazi germany . 
  it took churchill quite a bit of work to persuade them otherwise . 
  they only listened to him because he 'd been ranting about hitler in parliament for years and everything he 'd said about the man had come to pass . 
  you do n't have to like churchill . 
  he did shitty things for shitty reasons . 
  you do have to recognise that the nazi 's would have enacted their `` lebensraum '' policies in full in eastern europe and millions more would have died without him . 
  without the uk , the nazi 's would have gotten all the atlantic trade , weapons , oil ( oil being particularly important for aircraft and tanks as they never had enough in our timeline ) and food they desired shipped in and would have steamrollered the soviets all the way to the urals . 
  there would have been no way the americans would have gotten into the war in the west , they could n't even if they wanted to , and they would n't want to . 
  isolated , they may have reconsidered policies that took them toward conflict with japan . 
  japan would still have taken much of the pacific , which meant there would still have been a bengal famine , and they might even have taken india , australia and nz with the uk greatly weakened or out of the picture . 
  i guess the america 's as a whole would probably be fine , but most of the rest of the planet would have suffered under these two new empires for god knows how long before they collapsed . 
  as long as the deal come with decent guinness , i 'm on board . 
  so , has the role of irish protestants in rebellions like [ 1798 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/irish_rebellion_of_1798 ) been minimised or discounted in the teaching in irish schools ? 
  what about protestant members of the irb or the pre-1922 ira ? 
  i know between 1916 and 1922 the protestant population in roi dropped from about 10 % to about 2 % , due to persecution , and i wonder how much of that is kind of being ... retrospectively justified in modern irish history lessons . 
  note : i am half irish and a lapsed catholic , so i have no horse in this race . 
  fail to see the stawman there , buddy . 
  perhaps i can walk you through it reeeeally slowly 1 ) there are people in this thread and similar threads who have used `` fish move around '' to rubbish the idea if any form of restricted fisheries access 2 ) norway and iceland do n't want to grant access to the eu to their fishing grounds , and this has been a big factor in them staying out of the eu 3 ) if the people who think 1 . also know 2. , then how do they rationalise the obvious discrepancy ? 
  edit : lol , you 're one of them . 
  you 've posted `` but fish do n't respect national borders '' in another comment . 
  genius . 
  he means the `` leave '' vote . 
  `` sanctions '' - for * what * ? 
  have you lost your mind ? 
  fish are an ever depreciating resource , sadly . 
  finding buyers will not be a problem . 
  i wonder how people who keep coming out with the `` but fish move around '' comments manage to square this with the extreme reluctance of norway and iceland to let eu fishermen anywhere near their waters ? 
  are there still power stations that burn peat over there ? 
   you yourself did . 
  thats exactly what the `` ever closer union '' means . 
  nope . 
  no i did n't . 
  read it again . 
   '' * determined to lay the foundations of an ever closer union * among the peoples of europe , '' firstly : 1 ) it could be argued this has already been accomplished . 
  so we 're done . 
  2 ) it is preamble . 
  it says it right there in the document . 
  it is not a legally binding statement , or a declaration of an end goal no matter how much you pretend it is . 
  so , once again : if you have proof that a federation is the end goal , and that this is a legally binding statement in any of the signed treaties ( as you have stated ) , then post it here . 
   except i explictily stated it as option . 
  but okay , if you want to play that game . 
  but no `` loose association of states '' is not in the cards , due to you know , it not even being one right now . 
  no you did n't . 
  in your original post , you made it very clear that it was `` federation or leave '' . 
  here is your own quoted text :   the simple reality is that the eu has dedicated itself multiple times in treaties signed by goverments of all member states to the principle of `` ever closer union '' . 
    the end goal , however distant , is federalisation . 
  * quite frankly any country not in favour of this should , for the better of all involved , leave the union like britain did . 
  *  patently would imply you have some sort of proof for this . . ? 
  the burden of proof is on you to provide the statement in the treaties we 've signed that a federation has been agreed upon as an end goal . 
  you ca n't . 
  this either makes you a liar , or an idiot . 
  if you were not either of those , you 'd just post the relevant bit of the treaty . 
  but i think you know that you ca n't , because what you 've stated as fact in your previous posts is something you 're unable to prove . 
   other things than federation ? 
  sure . 
  eu as of today ? 
  the phrase `` ever closer '' directly states a intent of increasing closeness . 
  the point is , * it 's not up to you to decide * , and its not up to federalist bureaucrats to decide . 
  if you want a federation , put it to the vote , do n't try and pretend it 's already been voted on , because thats a lie . 
  the text once again , was a non legally binding statement in the treaty preamble of a 50 year old treaty , which only stated that we should `` lay the foundations '' for ever closer union . 
  which we 've done . 
   its not the only option in the sense that its the only possible one . 
  it , or something very smiliar to it , is however the clearly intended goal . 
  based on what ?
