  calling for a referendum in 2 months would be a great way of accidentally ejecting the uk from the eu before anyone has even begun a campaign on the pros or cons . 
  ballsacks law, 
  if cameron gets it all , ukip will be totally fucked . 
  they wo n't have any way of winning a referendum . 
  the uk would stay in the eu and ukip would be even less of a party than it is now . 
  putting underpants on your head and sticking two pencils up your nose ? 
  wow . 
  i read the text , and i do n't see how you got that out of it . 
  i thought it was pretty clear what he wanted from the eu , why he wanted it , and why the referendum was to be held a few years down the road . 
  because this is / r/europe and its full of starry eyed utopianists who like to think that les anglo saxons are evil incarnate , and germany and france are sparkly fairies sprinkling magic peace and prosperity dust over the happy gum drop citizens of euroland . 
   not a single benefit for uk was mentioned here are a several : * an end to the cap * an end to the cfp * an end to the billions of pounds ( net ) contributed to the eu , which could then be spent at home * no inevitable march toward being state within a federal europe * freedom to negotiate our own trade agreements without eu interference . 
  * freedom from eu imposed regulation that 's just off the top of my head . 
  i 'm still sitting on the fence on the whole in/out of the eu debate , but lets not pretend that there are no benefits to leaving . 
  there are . 
  and if the pro-eu camp are going to argue for us to stay in , they need to address those benefits . 
  we did that on our own last time , and europe did n't give a damn , and did n't offer any real help . 
  so , yeah . 
  we 'll do it on our own again next time , if we have to . 
   sounds great , but you end as what ? 
  small country dreaming of empire and outside anything important ? 
  ballsacks law, 
  ballsacks law, 
  and yet in your language you 're still referring to europe as if it were a separate place , and not an area that encompasses your current location . 
  its not the duty if the british education system to spend money becoming a propaganda wing of the eu . 
   the commission also has a democratic mandate ; they are elected by the parliament . 
  being elected is a mandate . 
  being elected by people who were elected is not a mandate . 
  surely you can see the difference ? 
  if the latter were true , then why not have several levels of indirection - people in the executive elected by people who were elected by those elected by the public ? 
   and you ca n't vote out the government in the uk . 
  you can try to vote in mps who would oppose a particular government ( causing it to collapse ah . 
  well now you are attempting to nitpick . 
  the practical fact of the matter is that people * do * vote out governments by voting for a political party in opposition to the one in power . 
  claiming that you `` ca n't vote out a government '' is disingenuous to say the least . 
   if you do n't like a commissioner , you can try to vote in meps who will not re-elect that commissioner . 
  who are then free to renege on their promise to the electorate and keep the commissioner when in office . 
  whereas the mere fact that you voted for a party in opposition is enough to ensure a minister in government ( prime or otherwise ) is gone , assuming your chosen party wins . 
   i 'm not sure what mandelson losing his cabinet position proves , but it demonstrates , at most , that the uk is as democratic as the eu ( as in both cases , he could be removed from power following an election ) . 
  that should one choose to do so , you can , in fact , vote a member of the executive body out of his position . 
   the difference is that after being removed from power in the eu , he ca n't still vote on eu legislation which ( unless he 's resigned his peerage ) he can still do in the uk . 
  as a member of the house of lords , who can only delay legislation , not prevent it from passing . 
  in the commission , he was a member of the executive body . 
  i never said it was . 
   the executive body of the uk is appointed by the queen ( and then by the people she appoints ) . 
  traditionally ( at least , in the last 50 years ) , the cabinet ( the top level of the executive ) is mostly drawn from the house of commons , but at least one comes from the house of lords and it is rare , but not unusual , for a person in neither house to be appointed to the cabinet and given a peerage . 
  it is n't unprecedented ( has happened once , iirc , in the last 100 years ) for someone to be in the cabinet without being a member of either house . 
  this does not contradict what i 've said . 
  the queen theoretically appoints `` her '' government , but its derived from people who are members of a party who have won a general election . 
  they have a democratic mandate . 
   you ca n't . 
  exactly . 
   but similarly you ca n't vote out a member of the uk cabinet . 
  you can vote out the government , so you can take action which will result in the direct removal of a member of the cabinet . 
  you can do nothing at all to remove a commissioner . 
   and what happened when peter mandelson got kicked out of the commission ? 
  he was made a lord , a cabinet minister and secretary of state in charge of the largest department in the government ( specially created for him ) . 
  and then lost his cabinet position when labour lost the election . 
   that 's not true , cabinet ministers are often drawn from the lords . 
  it * is * true . 
  the lords itself is * not * part of the executive . 
  members of the government can be selected from the lords , but the lords itself is part of the legislative body . 
  and a weak one , at that . 
  does n't really matter . 
  the power the lords hold is mainly the ability to send bills back to the commons for review . 
  ultimately , they ca n't stop a bill passing though parliament if it has passed through the commons . 
  the worst they can do is be a nuisance . 
  they are not part of the executive body , as the eu commission is . 
  they are mostly privately owned . 
  the guy who nicked my bike last year from outside a train station was never caught , despite looking right into a ( company owned ) cctv camera not even 10 feet from my bike . 
  why ? 
  because he was wearing a hoodie and the resolution on the camera was shit . 
  some `` surveillance society '' . 
   firstly , could you please elaborate on how the eu is less democratic than britain ? 
  the executive body of the eu is the [ commission ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_commission ) . 
  the executive body of the uk is drawn from [ parliament ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/politics_of_the_united_kingdom#executive ) . 
  question : how do i vote out a commissioner ? 
  answer : i ca n't . 
  i can vote for a member of the eu parliament who says he will table a vote of no confidence , but that is an additional level of indirection , and a vote of no confidence is not the same as being voted out of office . 
  it implies corruption or incompetence rather than unpopular political or economic views . 
  question : how do i vote out a prime minister i do n't like . 
  answer : by not voting for his political party . 
  question : does the commissioner appointed by the eu and my government represent my interests ? 
  answer : [ no ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_commissioner#appointment ) . 
  he represents eu interests . 
  so , we have an executive body , which is not directly elected by the populace and is not accountable directly to the populace . 
  it 's not even in his job description to represent my interests . 
  this is why you get people like peter mandelson getting jobs as eu commissioner . 
  it 's so unbelievably broken it makes me want to cry . 
  i 'm starting a campaign to call this `` ballsacks law '' . 
  yup . 
  the big players in the eu will collectively say `` fuck you cameron '' , and we 'll be one step closer toward exit . 
  or wymyn . 
  something like that . 
  spartans , tonight we dine in the pub !, 
  you guys better get good at swimming . 
  mind you , looks like we need to take some pool lessons ourselves . . 
  errrrm ... pigs ? 
   i 'd get more satisfaction out of my vindication if it were n't for the fact that ** my people are probably the first that will be tortured and killed ** once turkey has had enough of its dalliance with civilisation and completely slides back into barbarism . 
  then what did you mean by this ? 
  you think turkey will ... invade spain ?
