  you could equally claim that the core eu nations attempting what looks like a return to the holy roman empire are living in the past . 
  it 's txampions new account . 
  it does n't matter * what * cameron needs , we simply do not have the manpower to pull it off . 
  we just made a good chunk of our already overstretched army redundant . 
  that 's putting aside the fact that blair * barely * managed to pull off iraq , even in the afterglow of 9/11 . 
  there is not a chance an unpopular cameron could take the uk to war . 
  the uk supported the addition of the eastern european nations to the eu when many opposed the idea , i do n't see how you can claim they did n't help shape it . 
  where things began to diverge was the adoption common currency - the uk simply does n't want the euro . 
  and at that point the `` core '' eu nations stopped listening to anything the uk had to say . 
  spiegel has been talking about `` the downfall of america '' for as long as i can remember . 
  pay them no mind , this is just their latest spin on the idea . 
  nah , i do n't think we 'll get drawn into that one . 
  fool me once , shame on you . 
  fool me twice . . and . . uh . . you should n't . 
  dude , this is beginning to smell of desperation . 
  are you stalking me across comment threads now ? 
  have you sunk so low ? 
  decided that you 're not bored after all , huh ? 
  :-d could you write some more about how * superior * you think germany is ? 
  that was entertaining . 
  if you 're bored , why are you still replying ? 
  nope . 
  you 're feeling really butthurt about all this . 
  awwwww * sad face * . 
  man , you are really hurting are n't you ? 
  how long did it take you to type that ? 
  i need to use gas chamber jokes more often . . 
  in that case , my apologies . 
  and yes , von steuben was an interesting character . 
  if you cant take it , do n't dish it out . 
  walking around thinking you can make jokes about other peoples empires , but not have your own made fun of , is pretty deluded . 
  if you took my posts above at all seriously , then you 're an even bigger prat than your comment suggests . 
   just realized you already played the godwin card with the first answer . 
  god , did you even try ? 
  all the valuable time . 
  lost . 
  disappeared into thin air . 
  can not be brought back . 
  just like the british empire . 
  hahaha . 
  here is what godwins law [ actually says ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/godwin's_law ) . 
  do you know what godwins law does n't say ? 
  it does n't say : `` do n't mention ze vor ! '', 
   godwin joker played . 
  game over . 
  you lost . 
  again . 
  if you feel the urgent need to bow to someone you should bow to the us for saving your asses and fighting your war . 
  so , yeah . 
  fuck you very much . 
  i think you misread the rules , mate . 
  the one to lose is the one who gets angry first . . ;-d, 
   that 's what you get for letting others fight your wars , instead of stepping up for yourselves . 
  i bow to superior german knowledge of this area , given that you 've relied on the brits and americans to provide for your defense ever since you gave up gas chamber construction as your main hobby . 
  no , no , it 's okay , you do n't have to get up to say ` thank you ' - not gassing people anymore is thank you enough for us . 
   fun fact : germans fought on both sides . 
  for money on the british side , and for independence on the american side . 
  can you guess which side fought more passionately ? 
  wait , wait , i 've got this one ... was it ... the side that provided the most free beer and bratwurst ? 
   friedrich wilhelm von steuben gave the british a pretty good ass whooping and you deserved it . 
  i would love to read that wikipedia link , but unfortunately , it 's in german , and i do n't read german . 
  because it 's ugly . 
  if you read it aloud it sounds like two angry dogs fighting over a broken harmonica . 
  seriously , get with the programme , this is * the future * pablospicyweiner , and we speak english here . 
   funny , as far as i remember , you guys also did n't look too good when trying to control those few insurgents over in america . 
  our mistake was using german mercenaries . 
  they got drunk , and got owned by said bunch of insurgents . 
  lesson learned , do n't hire germans to do your fighting , they suck . 
   and the indians . 
  indians they ca n't even drink . 
  unlike the germans , who drink , * then * lose . 
  top comment in / r/uk bemoans the fact that we did n't manage to get the full set . 
  whatever , dude . 
  you guys got owned by a bunch of russians . 
  * russians * . 
  they ca n't even drive . 
  he 's right . 
  there was an outbreak of the black death ( * ) , probably brought via trading ships from the remnant of the roman empire ( byzantium ) that decimated the britons around that time . 
  * it did n't get this name until much later . 
  but it was still probably bubonic plague . 
  well , i specifically told you above that i was n't sure if you were joking or not . 
  there are some scary people in / r/europe , and there is no way of telling them apart from the ones that say the same sort of stuff , but are `` only joking '' . 
   well , we did n't really intermingle with the british peasants , as newer genetic studies show , but stayed a separate elite . 
  no , what the studies show is that the anglo saxons * did * intermingle with the britons , but genetically only made up a minority of the resulting people . 
  they most certainly did not become a `` separate elite '' , not even the normans managed to do that . 
  i 'm not sure if you 're winding me up , or if you have some quite scary beliefs running around in your head . .  ... and today , you 're still being ruled by foreign monarchs . 
  maybe to a german , the concept of someone with non-german blood makes them `` foreign '' , but we do things differently over here . 
  right . 
  but the britons you refer to end up being called `` foreigners '' in saxon - or `` welsh '' . 
  the germanic tribes that came in eventually refer to themselves as angelcin - `` english speakers '' . 
  i guess i 'm confused because if you 're addressing the english , then you 're claiming that we were conquered by our own ancestors . 
  if you 're addressing the british - then the anglo-saxons never took scotland , wales , or ireland . 
  it took the normans to do most if that . 
  but wait , if he 's referring to the angles then that 's where we got : jutes + angles + saxons -  anglish -  english . 
  we ca n't have conquered ourselves , now . 
  who , in this case , is `` we '' ? 
  they never really won , as wessex ( one of the english kindgoms - there was no real `` england '' ) remained free of danish occupation , and most of the danes in other english kingdoms eventually `` went native '' , and considered themselves english over a period of several decades . 
  you might be referring to cnut , but even he failed to beat the english decisively . 
  he eventually gained the thone of wessex after edmund died , through a clause in the treaty made with edmund . 
  cnut may have had edmund assassinated in order to gain the throne , which is hardly military conquest .
