   am not projecting at all , you are taking this discussion in a completely different direction based off of misconceptions . 
  you seem to think i do n't support a nhs type healthcare system , and are rather offended that i would call it what it is an entitlement . 
  which shows that you would rather believe comfortable lies , instead of accepting and defending the truth . 
  you are clearly in some distress by having your ideas questioned , and you are reflecting that back against your questioners . 
  that is projection . 
  whether you consider the nhs to be an entitlement or not is actually irrelevant , because you have still not shown to us * why * you think europe has `` entitlements , not liberties '' . 
   which shows that you would rather believe comfortable lies , instead of accepting and defending the truth . 
  truth requires examination , and that 's what i 'm doing . 
  the fact that you are so very uncomfortable with this is telling . 
   no it has n't , the definition is in books , and has been the same for hundred of years . 
  only recently has the newspeak set in . 
  if there were a single definition , i would not have been able to provide you with half a dozen definitions . 
   the fact that people pay for it is a restriction . 
  if you do n't pay you do n't get . 
  it is not a liberty it is an entitlement . 
  then you 're of the opinion that paying taxes is an infringement of liberty . 
  in which case , europe and the us lack liberty in equal measure , and you admit your original statement was incorrect . 
   taxing me to simply give my money to another person is a violation of property rights . 
  just because you like it does n't change what it is . 
  taxes should always go towards things that benefit the tax payers in the most direct way possible . 
  taxing me to fix roads or for paying for services that i will actually use is appropriate . 
  that 's a poor description of what the nhs is . 
  the service is provided to * everyone * . 
  just like roads , bridges , and other public utilities . 
  there is absolutely no difference between paying taxes to maintain a road you may never use , and paying tax to maintain a health care system you may never use . 
  the difference only exists within your head , and the fact you 've not been able to consistently explain why paying tax to maintain a road and paying a tax to maintain the nhs are different is telling . 
  there is no difference . 
   it is an infringement , but it ultimately is the cheapest way to suffer this infringement . 
  regardless i still need to pay for it to get it . 
  then you believe that taxation and democracy in combination is an infringement of liberties . 
  in that case , there are infringed equally within the us and the democratic nations of europe . 
  the us does not receive any form of special exemption . 
   that makes it an entitlement , i am sorry if that word offends you , but its the truth . 
  does n't mean it is a bad thing to have it , but calling it something different to fit your sensibilities is not intelligent or honest . 
  your original statement was that '' * europe has entitlements , not liberties * '' . 
  are you now trying to back away from that claim ? 
  because it looks to me like what you 're failing to realise is that both the us and europe have liberties . 
  and both the us and europe have entitlements . 
  what you have not demonstrated is how they are mutually exclusive , such that the us has `` more '' liberty than europe , and * instead * of liberties , how europe has entitlements . 
   i have thought about it , maybe you are being emotion and lashing out at a perceived threat to your way of thinking without thinking much about what i said or even really reading it . 
  i think you 're both reading too much into my post , and you 're projecting . 
  you do not have any kind of unilateral right to define for others what does and does not constitute `` liberty '' . 
  the meaning of the word has been under debate for a long time . 
  going with the [ wikipedia definition ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/liberty ) of the word `` liberty '' we have :  in politics , liberty consists of the social and political freedoms guaranteed to all citizens the [ oxford english dictionary ] ( http://www.oed.com/view/entry/107898?rskey=fm0vi1&amp;result=1#eid ) defines it variously as :  freedom or release from slavery , bondage , or imprisonment . 
   freedom from arbitrary , despotic , or autocratic control ; independence , esp . 
  from a foreign power , monarchy , or dictatorship . 
   the condition of being able to act or function without hindrance or restraint ; faculty or power to do as one likes . 
   chiefly in pl . 
  each of those social and political freedoms which are considered to be the entitlement of all members of a community  freedom to do a specified thing ; permission , leave . 
  so , going with your example of the nhs , there is nothing in the above which suggests that liberty is inconsistent with all citizens paying taxes , so that they all receive free health care when they need it . 
  unless , of course , the very idea of * paying a tax * is what you think of as a restriction of freedom . 
  but if that were the case , then you 'd also have to believe that liberty is inconsistent with having * any form of a state * , and the us and europe would lack liberty in equal measure . 
  alternatively , you might believe that having other people vote on how to spend your taxes is an somehow an infringement of your liberty . 
  but again , in the case the us and europe would lack liberty in equal measure , and you 'd have to believe that liberty was inconsistent with a modern * democratic * state . 
  lastly , you might be one of those who simply believes that living in a modern democratic state does n't infringe your liberties . . but that having governments spend your taxes on * things you do n't like * is somehow an infringement of your liberty . 
  but then whether you are at liberty or not would then depend upon nothing more than how * you felt on any given day * . 
  in short , in order to believe that something like the nhs is an infringement on liberties , you 'd have to be one of those nutcases who thinks that you 're not free unless you 're living in the backwoods , refusing to pay taxes , and refusing to exist as a part of any sort of wider human community with collective decision making . 
  or , you just have n't thought about it very much , and you 're simply regurgitating someone else 's opinion . 
  bestonia - better than plain old estonia . 
  seriously ? 
  it was the main objection privately voiced by the uk - he 's as bent as a nine bob note . 
  last i heard he was still under investigation in luxembourg . 
  well , if we 're linking to wikepedia , allow me to introduce you to [ you ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pedant )  a pedant is a person who is excessively concerned with formalism , accuracy , and precision , or who makes an ostentatious and arrogant show of learning . . 
  the term in english is typically used with a negative connotation to refer to someone who is overly concerned with minutiae and whose tone is condescending . 
  so , for example , someone who describes a foreign force aiding a popular native uprising as an `` invasion '' even though no historians describe it as such , and insists they know better than all historians because they think it sort of fits a description they found of `` invasion '' somewhere . 
  yes , it 's not enough that a pedant on the interwebs insists it fits a description he cribbed from an unknown source , and yeah , he should link to an authority on the subject . 
  then find me a historian who describes it as such . 
  the key word there is `` generally '' , allowing for exceptions . 
  ask yourself why the french landing during the revolution is never described as an invasion , and you have your answer for 1688 too . 
   it was a foreign nation landing troops . 
  if that 's your criteria for defining an invasion , then i 'm sure you 're aware of the successful french invasion of your country , during the revolution . 
   do n't like that one ? 
  scroll up and there 's quite a few others after 1066 . 
  they are all dynastic struggles with local backing , that left the local elites largely untouched . 
  1066 was the exact opposite of that . 
   what makes the uk so different from other european countries that would make it impossible for it to be part of a federal eu ? 
  the fact that we really , really do n't fucking want to ? 
  sure , there are a few uk federalists knocking about , but they are painfully aware that they are outliers . 
  it 's like a stopwatch that starts whenever this topic comes up . 
  it 's like a uk equivalent of godwins law . 
  i 'm a father of a 3 year old girl myself . 
  this whole story hit a few too many nerves for me . 
  poor girl . 
  not really . 
  it dates from the early middle ages , an era when our monarchs were a bunch of disgusting frog whisperers . 
  i * have * met some , yes . 
  half my family is from the catholic areas of belfast . 
  they still do n't want protestants ethnically cleansed from the island , and they are certainly more entitled to that kind of desire than anyone from the south . 
  as for the whole racism thing . . 
  i 've seen plenty of that in the catholic community too . 
  north , and south of the border . 
  you sound just like a serb . 
  well ... yes and no . 
  on training exercises our guys still have to shout `` bang '' rather than fire live rounds . 
   northern ireland . 
  and by unite i mean merge , and by merge i mean take over , and by take over i mean throwing all the insane protestant unionists out . 
  ethnic cleansing ftw , right ? 
  i had high hopes for iter , and i 've been keeping tabs on it . 
  it has not being going well . 
  why on earth is the iter site reporting news on other reactors ?
