  because that is where inaction will lead us . 
  edit : this is of course , at the same time as trying to deal with the chaos climate change will be causing on europe itself, 
  your cited and well reasoned argument is wrong because european integration . 
  did you genuinely read all my posts and * still * not understand the uk objections to the direction the eu has been taking ? 
  in integration europe , europe integrates * you * . 
   there is a difference between \u201e no weight '' and \u201e not as big a weight as it should '' . 
  yes , maybe the euro has taken up a big part of the discussion , but that 's understandable given how close to the brink it is . 
  i think you 're underestimating the impact of the euro crisis on eu politics . 
  federalisation was always on the table , but it 's never been an inevitability until now . 
  federalisation has been pushed forward rapidly , as it has been sold as the sole solution to the crisis ( a true cynic would site [ the power of nightmares ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xgo1dqmfhjy ) at this point ) . 
  as such , anyone not on board with the euro ( and thus federalisation ) has no say in the process . 
  they are * in the way * . 
  you only have to read the comments in this subreddit to see that this is the overwhelming sentiment . 
   also you should keep in mind that the uk is not the only eu country outside the eurozone , yet it is the only one that feels marginalized . 
  well , most of those states are eventually [ obliged to join the euro ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eurozone#member_states ) . 
  only two nations that i know of have the opt-out , the uk and denmark . 
  has anyone asked the danes if they feel marginalised ? 
   you 're also getting the impression that the uk has no weight , which is simply not true . 
  it might be irrelevant in the eurozone-discussions , but there are other non-euro countries it could approach when discussing pan-eu issues ( which are not the same as the eurozone issues ) . 
  the main topics on the table have been , for years now , the euro and the creation of a federation . 
  we have no say in either of those . 
  the peripheral subjects up for discussion , such as the cap and the use of strasbourg , are issues that we 've been attacking for up to 30 years without any success , so obviously we have no say in * those * either . 
  so why exactly are we even in the eu , other than because of the fear of not being in it ? 
   look , it just seems that the uk loves to play the victim ( i really do n't know why it has such a weird relationship with the eu ) . 
  it looks like the emo kid that isolates himself then laments that he 's an outcast . 
  i do n't get it . 
  i 've explained the legitimate gripes the uk has with the eu , and our inability to resolve them , in the past , now or at any time in the future , and you just come back with this analogy which suggests none of the complaints are legitimate . 
  as a side note - the reason we have a weird relationship with the eu is that we were kept out for ages by de gaulle ( and was n't that a knife in the back , if ever there was one ? 
  ) , and by the time we finally joined , the eu had become what it is today - a franco-german club , with every other state in orbit around their decision making . 
  if you do n't believe me , then think of this - can you think of a single piece of eu legislation that was passed despite objections from france or germany ? 
  can you think of a single direction that the eu has taken which was not wholly supported by both france and germany ? 
  edit : links and grammar . 
   yeah , the third largest economy in the eu has no weight to throw around . 
  please see my post above . 
  it explains why i think we have no weight to throw around . 
   you know that discrepancy exists ? 
  because the uk is small compared to the us , but it 's one of the top 3 economies in the eu . 
  therefore most people do n't expect the uk to be on equal footing with the us , but people do expect it to be a heavywheight in the eu , and think that if it 's not , it is mostly its own fault . 
  not so . 
  again see my post above . 
   for fucks sake , germany and france get what they want by making alliences and negociating on issues with the smaller countries . 
  why the fuck ca n't the uk do the same . 
  please see my post above . 
  i 'm getting the impression you skipped over a lot of it ? 
  if you read it again , you can follow my reasoning . 
  but , tldr : the uk does n't hold a position of influence in the eu equal to france and germany because we did not adopt the euro , and the eu in recent years has been all about the euro . 
  the fact that we have the second largest economy in europe simply does not matter when it comes to policy making related to the euro , and the future federal shape of the eu . 
   how many countries that do not benefit whatsoever from the cap have you gotten onboard you quest ? 
  no idea . 
  i have long given up hoping for meaningful cap reform , and no longer bother following what 's going on in detail . 
  if you ca n't get something changed * at all * in over 30 years , then that does n't bode well for the next 30 . 
  he 's joking . 
  it is kind of poking fun at the sort of argument that pops up quite often in here . 
   everybody is equally the \u201e eu 's bitch '' . 
  if only this were true . 
  but it is n't . 
  france is not the eus bitch . 
  france can throw its toys out of the pram whenever the cap or strasbourg is mentioned , and no one bats an eyelid . 
  germany is not the eus bitch . 
  greece * is * the eus bitch . 
  as is spain . 
  and the uk , though for different reasons . 
  all is not equal in europe , but i 'm sure the view looks good from the top . 
  a poster above noted that the uk did not have parity in its relationship with the us , but failed to make the next step in realising that this is also true of the eu . 
   you feel that the rest of the eu is planning a budget without you ? 
  well get back in the game and throw your weight around , like every other fucking member state there is no ` weight ' for us * to * throw around . 
  the eu and the uk started going their separate ways when the uk refused to adopt the euro . 
  the subsequent track of the eu after that point has all been about ` fixing ' the euro , and nations not in the euro are considered irrelevant to the decision making process . 
  in hindsight , this was always going to happen . 
  we 're just along for the ride , now , until we get sick of it and finally decide to get off . 
   you want other states to be outraged on the french cap position . 
  go form aliances with other member states , like all the other states do . 
  negotiate . 
  impossible . 
  no one is going to side with the uk against what france or germany want . 
  we 've been trying to reform the cap for thirty years , for example - what makes you suddenly think that nations are going to side with the uk now ? 
  especially given that we 're not on your currency roller-coaster ride . 
  when i came to this subreddit i was pro-eu . 
  but now , i can see our involvement in the project is coming to an end . 
  the nations currently embroiled in the euro crisis do not share our non-federal vision of the future eu . 
  i guess this is fair enough - federalism is a possible solution to the crisis . 
  but in order for us to truly be a part of the future eu the uk would have to embrace both a currency it sees as a failure , and a political model that few in the uk even want . 
  christ , ` aint that the truth . 
   what 's wrong with sinn f\u00e9in ? 
  the fact that for years they thought it was okay to blow people up in order to achieve a vision for the north that only a minority in the north actually share . 
  the average brit you meet in the street could not care less about the so called `` special relationship '' . 
  the fascination appears to be confined to the political class . 
  as for `` insular mentality '' - well , i hear this charge a lot , and i do n't get it . 
  it 's often levelled by pro-eu types who use it to `` explain '' euroscepticism in the uk , as if there was no other possible reason to be sceptical about the eu . 
  most of the brits i know are very well travelled and a good sized minority have spent time working in foreign countries . 
  as a people , though , we do seem to be less interested in travelling continental europe . 
  more often you find people heading to the far east , america and australasia . 
  yeah , that was a subtle `` fuck you '' if ever there was one . 
   no it is n't * puts on panto costume * ooooooh yes it iiiis !, 
   capitalism is a nice idea on paper but human beings are too selfish to make it work . 
  the same thing is said of socialism . 
  it 's a failed ideology , and yet people are still harping on about it . 
  dont know . 
  maybe it disappeared into some weird downvote singularity . 
  same here .
