  says he `` ca n't be bothered '' to post his own arguments , several posts later . 
  edit : oh , dude , that is just chickenshit - you did a massive ninja edit on your post after submitting . 
  here is your edit . 
   you 're the one who said you were done not me . 
   if anyone 's looking silly for replying is you . 
  so , * i 'm * silly for asking you to back up your own arguments with examples ? 
  riiiiiiiight . . 
  the fact that you keep replying is actually proving my point . 
  given what you said here :  if you want to read it great , if you do n't i 'm certainly not going to waste my time with someone who is and wishes to remain ignorant . 
  and yet you 're `` wasting your time '' by continuing to reply . 
  i wonder why that is ... oh , yeah . 
  it 's because the real reason you 're refusing to give an argument is that you do n't have one . 
  so , i 've asked you twice , and you 've been evasive both times . 
  clearly , you 've got nothing . 
   no , not wanting to educate yourself is plain lazy . 
  expecting other people to do the work of arguing for you is lazy . 
  posting document links is not an argument . 
   pointing out a particular example or two proves nothing . 
  you 've got there a very reputable source with quite a bit of info on the subject ( and even then it 's just an introduction ) . 
  if you want to read it great , if you do n't i 'm certainly not going to waste my time with someone who is and wishes to remain ignorant . 
  this is the refrain of everyone on the internet who get to a point in the argument when they 're asked to pony up , and find that they ca n't : `` if you ca n't be bothered to formulate my arguments for me , then i 'll call you names and sulk '' . 
  we 're done here . 
   some things deserve to be ridiculed . 
  what 's next you want me to discuss whether or not latvia is one of the most influential countries in the eu ? 
  i do n't think expecting you to conduct yourself like an adult in a reasoned debate is asking too much . 
   you want to know about how influential the uk in the eu then go learn about its history . 
  if you ca n't be bothered begin with something lighter like this : http://carnegieendowment.org/files/eu_big_three1.pdf[1] asking someone to read a 40 page document instead of formulating examples to support your argument is plain lazy . 
  once again , do you actually have an argument ? 
   you keep claiming the uk has little to no influence on policy when it is one of the 3 most influential countries in the eu . 
  i might as well discuss the topic with my 6 year old cousin . 
  you know , you keep flinging insults around , but you 're plainly guilty of this childishness of which you accuse others - you 've not provided one example of the uk successfully using this `` influence '' you claim it has . 
  not once . 
  at least / u/trucidator has managed to show how the uk has failed to get its way in important policy areas , underlining its lack of influence . 
  yet so far , you 've delivered nothing to support your argument but insults . 
  do you have anything more than that ? 
  oh , it 's you again . 
  ladies and gentlemen , this is the tool who rocked on up into / r/unitedkingdom and started insulting just about everyone in the entire subreddit for not wanting to become part of a federal europe . 
  he also tried the same thread in / r/europe . 
   you 're contradicting yourself there . 
  not that i can see . 
   no ` they ' do n't , because ` they ' are not a homogenous group . 
  once again , never said they were . 
  people who subscribe to the same political belief system share at least a handful of beliefs . 
  that does n't make them homogenous . 
   well i 'm a federalist in this subreddit , and i do n't think that . . then you 're both an exception and a contradiction . 
  you cant move towards a federation and simultaneously claim that it is n't a closer form of union . 
  that 's a completely nonsensical position to hold . 
  what on earth are you on about ? 
  your comment is in itself a strawman - i did not say the federalists agreed on everything . 
  i said they equated the phrase `` ever closer union '' with federalism , and i got that from people * in this subreddit * . 
   no , i 'm saying that the treaty of rome is no longer relevant legally . 
  feel free to take that up with the federalists in here any time you feel like it . 
   and i showed you that the current quote does n't support what you say . 
  i think you mean about what federalists claim . 
   any way , the original quote you seem tied to also refers to ` union ' , not ` union ' ( nor ` community ' as it might have at the time ) . 
  not a quote i 'm tied to . 
  again , feel free to take it up with federalists next time they quote the treaty of rome in an argument . 
  so you 're saying that federalists attempting to claim that a federation was always the end goal of the eu should no longer refer to the treaty of rome , and should instead refer to the teu ? 
  no , definately [ treaty of rome ] ( http://www.gleichstellung.uni-freiburg.de/dokumente/treaty-of-rome ) , 1957 , on page 2 :  determined to lay the foundations of an ever-closer union among the peoples of europe , i 've seen it quoted out of context many times in here , though always referring to the treaty of rome , which is then used to justify the retrospectively applied goal of a european federation . 
  from the article :  i doubt that even the most arch-tory eurosceptic could take exception to his front-cover summation : `` rather than constituting a model for an ** ever closer political union ** or a european state , federalism implies a process of balancing power in a differentiated political order which enables unity while guaranteeing diversity . '', 
  wait . . fucking hang on a second . 
  do n't the non-federalists in this this subreddit constantly get bombarded with the preamble from the treaty of rome , by the federalists , which on page 2 makes mention of `` ever closer union '' . 
  you ca n't have it both ways , guys . 
  it 's either `` ever closer union '' or not . 
  make your minds up . 
  if the federalists equate the future of the eu with both federation and `` ever closer union '' , then i do n't think its much of stretch for people who are a bit more sceptical to assume that people who support federalism also support closer political union . 
  frankly i think charles kennedy is doing the typical lib dem eu sales act of `` nothing to see here , move on '' . 
  hardly surprising , really , given lib dem party policy . 
  perfectly reasonable comment ; buried under down votes . 
  this subreddit is a federalist circlejerk , for sure . 
  norfolk . 
  do n't believe me ? 
  find a gp in the uk to talk to and ask them what the notes `` normal for norfolk ( n4n ) '' on a set of medical records used to mean . 
   i for one can relate to the us . 
  if suddenly not being english anymore is no reason to celebrate , i do n't know what is . 
   am i right scotland ?? 
  oh , well played . 
  well played, 
  more slightly lame insults , huh ? 
  at least you 're not claiming to understand what ad hominem means anymore , so thats progress . 
  it 's a phrase , not a word , but , yeah , lets do that . 
  [ ad hominem ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ad_hominem )  an ad hominem ( latin for `` to the man '' or `` to the person '' [ 1 ] ) , short for argumentum ad hominem , is a general category of fallacies in which a claim or argument is rejected on the basis of some irrelevant fact about the author of or the person presenting the claim or argument . 
  in other words , if someone is just posting a bunch of petulant insults , and you point out what they 're doing , that does n't qualify as an ad hominem , because petulant insults are not actually an argument . 
  i do n't think you understand what an ad hominem is . 
  calling someone out for acting like a child is not an ad hominem . 
  are n't you in the least bit embarrassed or ashamed about the number of douchey posts you made since this was posted ? 
  are you 12 ? 
   we call it `` democracy '' here on the continent . 
  simultaneously both patronising , and wrong * applause *, 
   parti 51 was a short-lived political party in quebec in the 1980s that advocated quebec 's admission to the united states as the 51st state . 
  ** the party won just 3,846 votes , or 0.11 per cent of the popular vote in the province , in the 1989 election -- fewer votes than the marxist-leninists or the satirical lemon party -- and was dissolved the following year . 
  ** lol this guy is does n't even have a clue when it comes to his own country , never mind the whole of western europe . 
  he posted in pretty much the same manner in the same self thread he posted to / r/unitedkingdom . 
  he called everyone in the subreddit `` gits '' and said they had no idea what was going on , because pretty much no one in the subreddit wanted to join the euro . 
  oh , and he reiterated his dismissal of anything that remotely resembled a democratic process . 
  he is , as you say , a fascist . 
   look at leaked cables . 
  what leaked cables ? 
  genuinely curious . . 
   in fact it is the opposite .
