  it will collapse soon . 
  we 're going round and round in circles i think . 
  i 'm ending this here . 
   correct me if i 'm wrong , but is n't the commission 's president subject to a vote by the directly-elected parliament so how do i vote such that i get the commission president that i want ? 
   and then the whole commission then subject to another vote how do i vote to get the commissioners i want ? 
  how do i vote any of them out of office ? 
   i 'm not sure you know what a troll is = / there are many forms of troll . 
  one simply pretends not to understand the blindingly obvious . 
  they are surprising common on reddit . 
   this confuses me . 
  it seems like you want the best of both worlds . 
  you want to be both the minority , dissenting voice and decide the policy for the majority . 
  nonsense . 
  if you want to join an organization and abide by its rules , then you have a right to vote on those rules . 
  you seem to suggest that you should join an organization and slavishly follow its rules without complaint . 
   you can leave the eu and be a secondary actor , and you can also integrate into the eu and be a major country in it . 
  the `` integrate '' camp are not the majority . 
  they are a minority in power in a number of key nations . 
  you have repeatedly painted them as a majority , it has been the underlying assumption in all of your posts . 
  i say again , they are * not * the majority . 
  why should we , as a nation , leave the eu and become a peripheral player because of a minority of individuals in key positions . 
  that would be insane . 
   but what right does the uk have to dictate to the sovereign nations of the eurozone what they can or ca n't do ? 
  if britain says they do n't want germans to tell them to integrate , then i would assume germans do n't want the british to tell them that they ca n't . 
  what right do other nations have to dictate to the uk what it can and can not do ? 
  how it can and can not vote ? 
  what right do they have to tell us to leave because they 've decided they do n't * like * the way we vote ? 
  as i said elsewhere , we are often painted as the sole eurosceptics at government level , but that 's far from the truth . 
  the federalists are an incredible minority , but currently hold power in key nations in the eu . 
  why should we abandon the eu when , given time , wiser heads will prevail ? 
  that is almost what we have already . 
  the danger with a two speed europe is that what happens is you end up with a central federated block which eventually uses political and economic power to bend those on the periphery to its will . 
  the germans are attempting to force their view of europe on europe already , i do n't see a reason to believe a larger block wo n't do the same thing . 
  as an aside , you ca n't have a federation and confederation simultaneously . 
  to look at another country who went through similar pain , read the usa 's history , starting with the revolution and the federalist papers , and moving on to the civil war - a federation at war with a confederation . 
   so , it seems the eu is actually more democratic than the uk . 
  hardly . 
  see below . 
   you said yes to my earlier comment . 
  so point out the difference , please . 
  when you vote for a political party you know exactly who you will get as prime minister , because the party leader is selected by the party * before * the election campaign , and is prominent in public life . 
  people often vote for the man ( or woman ) as much as the party . 
  so your claim that the prime minister is `` unelected '' ( not directly elected by the populace ) is true in theory , but false in practice . 
  who do i vote for to get a certain commissioner into his post ? 
  oh , that 's right . 
  and on top of that , he is not required to answer questions in parliament , never appears on tv to give speeches or talk to his critics , never has to justify a vote or decision , and never has to fear being voted out of office as long as he has the right friends . 
  he is an appointed cog in a completely opaque machine . 
  if you ca n't see why a large number of people might have a problem with all of that , then i 'm going to stop taking you seriously , because you 'd obviously be a troll . 
   would n't the eea have worked from that if you were already in the efta ? 
  as i recall there was no eea at the time . 
  it 's also not a great idea to be in an economic area if you ca n't even vote on the roles that said economic area imposes upon you . 
  everyone 's government lied to them . 
  not just the british government . 
  no-one was talking about a union of european states until the 1980 's , when the eec became the eu . 
  if you shift the goalposts , voting populations , and subsequent governments , retain the right to kick the goalposts over . 
   well , the european parliament is elected , and it selects the commission . 
  the council is composed of the elected heads of state . 
  and hell , the british pm is unelected . 
  yes . 
   i do n't see a large difference . 
  you do n't ? 
  honestly ? 
   if you wanted a free trade area , why did you leave the efta to join the eu ? 
  because it makes sense to be a free trade area with the states that you do the most trade with . 
  uh huh . 
  and how many people were reading the first page of the treaty of rome on the internet in 1970 , do you think ? 
   not wanting to be forced out of the eu implies that you do indeed get something out of the eu . 
  yes . 
  i do n't deny that . 
  are you confusing me with someone else who thinks the eu is nothing but a cost to the uk ? 
  as a free trade area , regulatory area , and a set of states that cooperate on foreign policy it 's a great idea . 
  at the moment , though , we do n't need it to be any more than that . 
   as you said , it 's becoming federalized . 
  do you think the uk can stop it against the will of the ones that want further integration ? 
  who knows ? 
  those that want further federalization always paint themselves as a majority force ( including within this subreddit ) , but as i 've said elsewhere - really the people driving this project forward are in a minority . 
  they are europeans born just after the second world war , and determined to see it not happen again , no matter what the cost . 
  i understand their motivations , but i disagree with them , and i ultimately believe that what they are driving everyone forward into will lead to despotism . 
  at least in its current form . 
  as for me , i would rather see a bottom-up confederation of states , than a top-down federation of states . 
  but this will simply never happen within the current framework . 
  and yet populations do not vote on the small print of treaties . 
  they vote on what is in front of them . 
  yay !, 
  the czecks like us !, 
  a free trade area , elected officials rather than appointed officials , an end to regulation considered harmful to our nation ( such as the recently proposed tax on trades , up to 80 % of which would be paid by the british ) , and an end to talk about a european superstate , which is viewed with suspicion . 
  well , you 're confusing the british population and the government . 
  the british government do n't want out of the eu . 
  but neither they , nor the population , want to live in a european superstate . 
  when we voted to join the eu back in the 1970 's the eu was the eec , a trade block . 
  since then it 's apparent purpose has morphed into something that a lot of the british population do n't like - a nascent superstate . 
  we joined a free trade area . 
  we would like to stay in a free trade area . 
  why should we be forced to leave just because we do n't see the same future for the eu as the germans ? 
  what a load of balls . 
  heseltine has come out with a lot of nonsense before , and this is in the same vein . 
  the euro was a poorly conceived currency from the start . 
  you ca n't have monetary union before fiscal union , and the greeks have amply demonstrated why that is . 
  italy and possibly spain will likely follow greece , and it will be `` rip euro '' . 
  nice knowing you .
