  there were a few `` big winners '' , but all they did was see the problem with the existing system , and planned what to do for when the shit hit the fan ( see `` the big short '' linked above ) . 
  you could view the banks as the patsies in a very long scam . 
  they buy dodgy financial products which * everyone * ( governments , rating agencies , other banks , economists ) tells them are golden , and when the shit hits the fan those same groups of people blame * them * and want to impose additional regulation so they can `` avoid it happening again '' . 
  it 's the joke of the millennium . 
   but it might have had less drag on the euro zone . 
  it also would have less debt if it had to pay higher interest from the beginning of the euro -- a compromise between their before-euro interests and that which they actually had at that time . 
  you do n't care about greece , but you do care about poor old germany having to foot the bill . 
  i do n't think it would have played out the way you suggest - that 's a very rosy scenario . 
   yeah , a bubble that causes losses of 1 million is clearly as bad as one that cause 1 trillion losses , right ? 
  it 's all inevitable and the same . 
  you imagine that had economic liberals * not * had their way , the bubble would have been smaller . 
  well , the scope of that discussion is very large , involves ideology , and is far from a set of universally accepted facts . 
  in other words - `` well , that 's just , like , your opinion , man . . '' . 
   i want structural changes for the economic sector , the products that caused it , yes . 
  but you do n't know what those changes are , how they would work , or how they would prevent another crash of a different nature in the future . 
  you 're just placing faith in the fact that you are right , and those `` economic liberals '' are wrong . 
   and a way to make the rich pay their fair share to the society that gave them such splendid opportunities and itself to be rich in : increased taxation . 
  well that is the sole point on which we agree . 
  but i believe it is a mistake to confuse your own political ideology , and your desire for increased taxation on the wealthy , with punitive measures applied to the banking industry . 
   because they managed to set up a new record in destroying wealth ? 
  no wealth was destroyed . 
  money was transferred from one bunch of people to another bunch of people . 
  the fact that you think it was destroyed is another indicator that you 're not really thinking about what happened . 
   while problems with the greek were certainly inevitable , the quesion is whether the market reaction would have been as severe as it is now without the financial crisis ? 
  of course it would . 
  you could argue that it 's better that it happened sooner rather than later , given that the greeks would have had no incentive to stop accruing debt otherwise . 
  in other words - the problem only gets worse with time . 
  financial booms always end eventually , if this one had ended 10 years further down the line , greece would be in far more trouble than it is now . 
  the real fault , is with those who let greece into the euro , knowing full well what they must have known . 
   again you 're going for extremes . 
  of course there is no way to completely eradicate bubbles from our economic cycles . 
  that does n't mean that we ca n't try to lower the risk and hold those accountable that caused them . 
  in my opinion , that 's not a sensible way of looking at things , because firstly you have to find everyone who is `` accountable '' . 
  it does n't work like that . 
  no one person , or persons , or institution is accountable - * it was the practice that was accountable * . 
   the main cause of the crisis was not so much overreach/avoidance of the financial sector as much as deregulation of banks in the unlimited belief in the rationality of economic actors . 
  economic liberals set this one up . 
  this conflicts with what you said elsewhere about it being impossible to avoid busts in our economic cycle . 
  how can it be the fault of economic liberals if such boom/bust cycles are inevitable ? 
   we as the peoples are the sovereign powers . 
  this is what needs to be demonstrated . 
  we did not bow down to feudalism and we must not bow down to the power of the wealthy . 
  yes , the wealthy are people , too , but we as democratic collective must not allow to be ruled by this minority . 
  we ca n't keep falling to their lies of trickle down , supply-side economies and infallibility of the markets . 
  i do not understand what you 're getting at here , or how it relates to the subject of regulation . 
  it sounds like empty rhetoric to me . 
  or possibly the fact that you want to `` punish '' the `` guilty '' . 
   this sounds too much like wishful thinking to me . 
  not my idea . 
  to explore the idea 's we 've discussed , i refer you to : [ liars poker ] ( http://www.amazon.co.uk/liars-poker-hodder-great-reads/dp/0340839961/ref=sr_1_1?ie=utf8&amp;qid=1324041470&amp;sr=8-1 ) [ the big short ] ( http://www.amazon.co.uk/big-short-inside-doomsday-machine/dp/0141043539/ref=pd_bxgy_b_text_b ) [ boomerang ] ( http://www.amazon.co.uk/boomerang-meltdown-tour-michael-lewis/dp/1846144841/ref=pd_bxgy_b_text_c ), 
   i do n't care how much the uk is profiting from that , i want that sector regulated and controlled and this kind of thinking is the problem . 
  everyone , especially on the continent , wants the banks `` regulated '' , although they never specify what form the regulation will take . 
  why ? 
  think about it for a minute . 
  why , * exactly * do you want the banks `` regulated '' ? 
  well , the good ones among you want the banks regulated because you think it will prevent a financial crisis in the future . 
  it wo n't . 
  but i 'll come to that in a minute . 
  the bad ones among you want the banks regulated because you think the banks , and any nation that derives business from them , should be punished for the 2008 financial crisis , because it led to the euro crisis , and all the pain that 's followed . 
  trouble is , that is n't true either . 
  the euro crisis would have happened anyway with the all dodgy accounting and tax dodging that 's has been going on in places like greece . 
  on to regulation - no amount of regulation in the world will lead to a world in which there are no financial crises . 
  it does not matter how much regulation you slap on the banks , it will still happen again eventually because people will * always * think their way around regulation if they have incentive enough to do so . 
  what really caused the 2008 financial crisis was the bonus culture in financial institutions , and every financial institution , no matter where they are in the world , is guilty of that . 
  in 2007 - if mr smith buys $ 10 million worth in junk bonds and sells them on an hour later for $ 12 million , then he has made his company $ 2 million , a healthy chunk of which will appear in his bonus cheque at the end of the year . 
  but you and i know that that set of bonds probably is n't even worth # 10 million . 
  by the time it matures it might not even be worth half of that . 
  you see the problem ? 
  the bonus culture encourages people to up-sell financial derivatives , regardless of their eventual value . 
  if the derivatives are complex enough and mature at a far enough date in the future , then there is no way to check their value . 
  no amount of regulation is going to kill off that culture , which is what needs to be done . 
  instead of talk of more regulation - a bad patch to a system already broken - we need to talk about how we change the bonus culture , so that what people get paid as a bonus is tied into the maturation date of the thing that they are selling . 
  this will lead to a system in which payments get deferred , which in turn will incentivise people to figure out * exactly how much * that thing they are trading is likely to be worth down the line . 
  a culture based on honesty because honesty pays off . 
   the british banks have had , however , a large hand in the dealing of junk financial products , which after devaluations led to the crisis . 
  this is the part that has been gambled away . 
  yes and no . 
  yes junk products ( sort of ) led to the financial crisis , and no because it has nothing to do with the euro crisis . 
  that has happened because of unwise governmental spending and mass-tax-dodging . 
  it would have happened without the financial crisis . 
  using one as an excuse to impose a punitive tax to pay for the other is to conflate two separate issues . 
   another point is that the ftt can not lead to mass movements to both frankfurt and new york . 
  frankfurt still has more regulations than the city , and there is no reason to move to a slightly more disadvantaged place of business . 
  i fail to follow the logic in this . 
  you claim that there would be no movement through the eu , but if regulations are the same everywhere , then that clearly is n't true . 
  in addition , if a bank can make more money being based in new york or singapore than it can in london , then why would n't it move ? 
   if all the countries did as this article suggest , they would all suffer a little bit for the greater good . 
  why except britain ? 
  you assume the suffering would be equally distributed . 
  it wo n't be , and those that propose it know that . 
  those proposing the tax know very well that it would mostly hit london . 
  essentially , the ftt is using the 2008 financial crisis as an excuse to get london to pay for the euro crisis , a crisis not of its making . 
  in addition , it 's an attempt to grab business from one city , and move it to other cities within the regions governed by those proposing the tax , thus further helping them deal with the euro crisis . 
   that much is quite evident from the responses to my trolling . 
  you 're not trolling . 
  you keep saying stupid things . 
  we point out that the things that you say are stupid . 
  if you think that that is trolling , i suggest you look up the term . 
  well , you 're jumping all over the place with this one . 
  first you say that the uk should be deliberately isolated because of the way they vote within the eu .
