  what can we do about it ? 
  nothing . 
  we are completely powerless . 
  old people vote more often , and like any group , they vote in line with their own interests . 
  having a house-price crash is not in their interests , even if it is in mine . 
  i feel a bit guilty for saying this , but , from my perspective the `` best '' thing that could happen is a nice big flu epidemic that takes about 10 % of the population , mostly oldies . 
  if that ever happens , i predict we 'll have a massive baby boom within years ( as the price of living suddenly drops ) . 
  well , its not an empire if everyone has a say in running it . 
  but i realise what i 'm talking about now is not `` europe '' , though i do think its a fairer and more inclusive vision for the future . 
   what is happening right now is all those countries that inhabit other continents are forming their own unions . 
  well , i would say that they have little choice , having been frozen forever out of ours . 
   there are places which will never be fit to join because of cultural or economic differences what cultural or economic differences are barriers to australia and canada joining , for example ? 
   yes , but that 's all that matters to you , sweetie . 
  i do n't care about the financial situation of the uk at all . 
  well , i do n't care about the financial situation in where-ever-the-fuck-you 're - from either , but i thought you 'd have brains enough to realise that countries only remain in the eu because it 's in their financial interest to do so . 
   i just wish that you would either leave the eu and do your own thing , or to stop whining and obstructing and be a constructive partner . 
  there are two problems here . 
  firstly , as far as i 'm concerned the whining is all coming from the continent . 
  the sentence you wrote , that i have quoted above , is in itself , a little whine about how you `` just wish you would leee-hee-heeave '' . 
  everyone in the eu is looking out for their own interests . 
  germany is busy raping southern europe with the euro crisis , and protecting it 's industry , and france is still busy extracting wealth to prop up its medieval farming industry . 
  but when the uk acts on behalf of its own business interests , all of a sudden we are * obstructive * . 
  what a joke . 
  what brazen hypocrisy . 
  secondly , we * are * being constructive . 
  debate and disagreement is * healthy * . 
  especially if the fate of 500 million people is concerned . 
  it is something to be * desired * , not suppressed . 
  and yet in the eu , and deviation from * the grand plan * is treated with a creepy kind of patronising dismissal , rather like you 're doing now . 
  not everyone has the same vision for europe , and i am * glad * that that is the case . 
   like i told you three days ago . 
  not sure why you bothered posting that . 
  the subject has been done to death . 
  cameron had some entirely reasonable demands , and sarcosy said `` non '' , and was not open to negotiation on the subject . 
  well , that 's it , then , is n't it ? 
  i 'm not surprised he left . 
  if anyone was being obstructionist , it was sarcosy . 
  none of that actually matters . 
  all that matters is whether the uk is financially better off * inside * the eu , or * outside * it . 
  you can make all the veiled threats you want about isolation , but the uk has been isolated before , and has managed to adapt to it . 
  if you push too hard , you may find yourself trapped in a centralised federal europe , dominated by germany , with an impoverished and resentful southern and eastern periphery , without one of the largest nations in europe constructively adding its voice to help solve the issues you face . 
  darling . 
   sure , but it 's not just worth with all the whining and blocking . 
  and if they jump ship we would get a fantastic opportunity to end much of of the farming subsidies . 
  these are totally contradictory statements . 
  you know that , right ? 
  the uk has been pushing to get rid of the cap for * decades * . 
   ... except for the fact that they arent on the european continent . 
  which is actually my biggest problem with the eu . 
  it 's too narrow in scope and defines itself by stating who * ca n't * join as much as by who * can * . 
  let 's assume 100 years from now we have a united , federal europe , which is the current europhile dream ... what then ? 
  that 's it ? 
  mission accomplished ? 
  what about all the north african nations that want to join ? 
  will they forever be frozen out because they 're `` not europe '' ? 
  what about the commonwealth nations , who have more in common with the uk than almost anyone else ? 
  are they frozen out because they 're `` not europe '' . 
  what a miserly vision of the future . 
  i think it 's extremely unlikely . 
  in order for the uk to withdraw , the eu would have to do something extremely inept , or deliberately detrimental to the uk in order for us to decide to leave . 
  the closest i 've seen to such a move is the proposed financial transaction tax , at least in it 's current form , which would be mostly paid by the uk . 
  if enough banks threaten to move to elsewhere in light of the tax , then it might be enough to convince our establishment that the costs of being in the eu outweigh the benefits . 
  as for ukip ; no one takes ukip seriously , they 're just a protest vote . 
  never cross the streams . 
  it would be bad . 
  / ignore txampion, 
  irc is not permitted at my work . 
  i do n't get it . 
  you say you know that we waste a hell of a lot on the military , separately , and that having a joint military would collectively save us a fortune . . and then you say you do n't see the point of a joint military . . . . but you just illustrated the main argument for a joint military yourself . 
  til . 
  they sing that at england/germany football matches ? 
  i 've honestly never heard it until now . 
   this is very clearly a lie no , it is n't . 
   whenever the politicians or the media want to instil a sense of national pride , they mention dunkirk or spitfires or world war two . 
  like when ? 
   and whenever they play germany at football of course the england supporters always sing the ten german bombers song the what ? 
   outdated traditions - prime ministers questions what ? 
  asking the political leader of your country to justify his decisions in public is an `` outdated tradition '' ? 
   the monarchy not a tradition , that 's an institution . 
  the monarchy has no bearing on day to day life for anyone that i know . 
   i do n't think it 's absurd to think that other cultures have different customs . 
  living in the us , ** we are exposed to a much greater variety of cultures , and we learn not to assume things . 
  ** this . 
  i know this is a narrative that americans like to tell themselves , but it 's not the whole story . 
  the first time i travelled to the states as something like an adult was 1990 , when i was 15 . 
  i stayed there for a month , and the two most striking things about my stay were : 1 ) not having a car is not an option 2 ) the total lack of any reported news outside of the united states in either print , or televised form . 
  the latter was the bigger shock because i had no way of knowing what was going on anywhere else in the world . 
  not just the uk or europe , but * anywhere else in the world * . 
  it was like being trapped in an information bubble , and i found it really disturbing . 
  when i did find `` foreign news '' it was usually in written form . 
  it was cursory , and occupied a page or two rather than half the newspaper . 
  despite hours of searching , i could n't find anything on the tv about what was going on outside the country . 
  when i got back to the uk , it was like blinders had been lifted and i was finally able to see again . 
  nowadays , this is not as much of an issue for me when visiting the us because of the availability of news on the internet , but whatever odd psychological phenomenon allows americans to walk through life without the slightest bit of curiousity about whats going on elsewhere on the planet , is still there . 
  ** tldr ; ** it 's not just the location , it 's a cultural lack of interest . 
  australia is far more isolated , geographically , and you do n't get the same issues there . 
   she said ' i didnt know if you had movies there ' , then i didnt reply in just sheer amazement , and then she corrected herself to ` american movies ' . 
  epic reply : `` yes , but they 're all dubbed in english '', 
  probably not . 
  there are some pretty dim people wandering around .
