  i mean , if i came out and said `` you know its not impossible that javacode rapes goats in his spare time '' , and then you objected , and then i smugly claimed that it does n't matter because it was subjunctive , that would not subsequently mean that you could n't read . 
  do you get it now ? 
  do n't be a dick . 
  if you have any evidence of a `` right wing '' party in the uk taking money from the russians , then lets see it . 
  if not , then i expect to see an admission that you 've got nothing in your next reply . 
  what is the title supposed to read as , exactly ? 
  i do n't think the uk should make decisions about its future based on what russia wants , or does n't want . 
  of course , none of this would be an issue if the eu simply decides to drop its headlong rush towards federalisation . . 
  thats not how burden of proof works . 
  no matter how much you dislike someones politics , you do n't get to accuse them of corruption without evidence , just because you feel like its possible they might be corrupt . 
  shitty old leaky victorian piping , and poor water utility privatisation management where the resulting companies sold off reservoir land to developers . 
  i always knew it was really a sneaky german empire . . 
  no , you 've got it totally arse about face . 
  i 've had several conversations with federalists where they cite that clause as some kind of * proof * that we are obligated , legally , to become part of a federal superstate . 
  i always link directly to the treaty , show them what it says , and then illustrate why they are wrong . 
  i 've never heard eurospectics claim that that line in the treaty is proof that the eu is destined for a federal future , only that they point out federalists * use * that line to point out the eu is destined for a federal future . 
   i have yet to see anyone claim that we should build a federal superstate based on that article . 
  i used to see it * constantly * on this very subreddit . 
  the brits here used to have it thrown at us every time objections to the way the eu was headed were raised . 
  no one who says this * ever * links to the treaty itself . 
  and if you read it , and you see the quote in context , you can see why : http://www.eurotreaties.com/rometreaty.pdf it 's because its a bit of non-binding pre-amble at the start of the document . 
  it 's very vague , and frankly , could be taken to mean anything . 
  what it is not , contrary to what eu federalists claim , is any kind of legal or binding commitment to building a federal superstate . 
  post-1945 , with the advent of nuclear weapons and missiles . 
  this is when everyone realised the potential for mass nuclear exchanges at sea meant that very big and very expensive heavy ships had just become very big , very expensive targets . 
  i absolutely love that stewart lee sketch . 
  so glad that people outside the uk get the joke too . . 
  `` i fucking told you , man , no red m&ms ! '', 
  my last book was `` the martian '' by andy wier , which i really enjoyed . 
  well , he can be as racist as he wants over there , no problem . . just as long as he does n't insult ` glorious russian people or government ' . 
  which , lets face it , is inevitable . 
  just as inevitable as him then being found in his bathroom the next morning after having accidentally , brutally hacked his own head off with a razor blade . 
  so , all in all , a good deal for everyone . 
  i do n't know about you guys , but if putin told me not to leave somewhere for the weekend , i 'd sprint for the first plane out like it was the last chopper out of saigon . 
  `` putin is gay on our show . . ? 
  omg , putin is gay on our show ! '', 
  let 's not go to 4chan . 
  it is a silly place . 
  rip sir terry . 
  one of his last talks : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=90b1mbwnehm, 
  i always thought it said `` dewey mondwat '' , which means `` more tea please , vicar '' in ancient english . 
  well , not even the whole professional army , just the soldiers who happen to be assigned to whatever this eu force is . 
  i just do n't see them agreeing to it . 
  ever . 
  they would insist on it being multilingual as a political face-saving exercise , which will immediately compromise it as a fighting force , and make interoperability with the us and commonwealth forces much more difficult . 
  i mean , not naming any names , but we have people in this very forum , an english language forum for people from the eu , who flatly refuse to post solely in english . 
  if you 're going to have people within a fighting force acting like that , then you might as well not bother , the last thing we want is an army that looks like a rerun of the one run by the austro-hungarian empire . 
  prerequisites : * every member nation contributes an equal gdp proportion to the budget * there is one equipment set , not 20 * the entire army can speak english , and its used as the command language if any of the above are dropped , then its not an army , its a joke with the punchline arriving the first time it tries to fight a war . 
  the french are the only other credible military power in europe right now , and they 'd never agree to the last . 
   except , it was always known that the eu was a federalisation project , even if the pace was unrecognizably slow . 
  this paper discusses the situation in the 70s in breadth and depth . 
  nonsense . 
  there is a bbc documentary on the subject called [ `` the poison chalice '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x5hawmir29w ) which comes to the same conclusion that i have : the population of the uk was deliberately deceived by the heath government , the eec was complicit , and its poisoned the relationship between the eu and the uk . 
   at best you can say it was a lie by omission of british politicians . 
  it was an outright lie by the heath government , and a lie by omission from the eec . 
   the eu has made its intentions clear from the very beginning to anybody who was paying the slightest bit of attention . 
  i even dispute the idea that the british were n't aware of it when they voted to join nonsense . 
  the eec ( not the eu ) was always obtuse about its mission . 
  there is a bit of preamble in the [ treaty of rome ] ( http://www.gleichstellung.uni-freiburg.de/dokumente/treaty-of-rome ) , but if you read the text , its hardly clear what it refers to . 
  it 's purposefully vague . 
  watch the 1996 bbc documentary `` the poisoned chalice '' , which explores the uk relationship with the eu in great detail , including the deceits employed to get us in . 
   setting aside the fact that you can find the relevant pamphlets online and they make it perfectly clear , there was no internet in the 1970s . 
  if you 're referring to pamphlets the uk public was given in the 1970s , by the government or the eec , then i 'd like to see them . 
  post the links . 
   my mother voted in that referendum and she certainly did so with the impression that she was voting for european integration . 
  both my parents voted in that referendum and voted for a common market . 
  they were also more worldly than most , having spend a lot of time living on the continent , which is where i was born and spent several years . 
  they are * adamant * there was nothing in the referendum that talked about political union . 
  in fact , it was explicitly denied . 
  the evidence supports them . 
  here is a [ video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x5hawmir29w ) in which heath specifically denies that the eec has any designs on being anything other than a trading block . 
  the whole bbc documentary i have linked to comes to the same conclusion that i have - we were lied to , heath 's government knew what they were doing , and the eec was complicit in the lie by its silence . 
   maybe other people chose to ignore the obvious , but that 's not the eu 's fault . 
  it is totally the eu 's fault . 
  if , as you say , the eec knew that it would become the eu and move toward political integration it has had ample opportunity to make public statements to that effect , which is has failed to do . 
  it knew what heaths government was doing , and stayed silent . 
  it * knew * that many people would not accept the move , and has been deliberately deceptive . 
  lies by omission are still lies . 
  nor did the eu commission . 
  any time in the last 40 years they could have turned around and told the uk `` look , we want to be a federation . 
  is that what you want ? '' . 
  any time during our accession in the 70s they could have submitted an article or two to a broadsheet , or made a public statement about the end goal of the eec . 
  its not like they could n't see what heaths government were doing . 
  they sat and watched as he did it . 
  what did we get from them ? 
  silence . 
  it was a lie by omission . 
  not the kind of behaviour you want from a bunch of foreigners who aspire to be your government . 
  did n't make much of an effort to step in in any of the subsequent 40 years and readjust expectations though , did they ? 
  czechia , right next to creditcardia and debitcardia . 
  but then someone else might have gotten the upvotes ? 
   so , hibernation . 
  no , that saves the current state of ram to the hard drive . 
  in a memristor based computer there may not actually be either ram or a hard drive . 
   hdd do n't keep spinning 24/7 . 
  yes , i am aware of this . 
  i did n't want to write an essay on the details subject . 
  fact is , you 'd get large power savings . 
   and that 's just the start as gpus are theoretically very suboptimal for ai , we 'll soon be getting interesting tech such as that based on memristive devices that will start to approach biological efficiency . 
  man , i 'm glad someone else is paying attention to these .
