   one astute political commentator * glenn beck * ? 
  from * fox news * ? 
  you 're joking right ? 
  because he 's a billionaire who came from nothing , and got good at currency speculation . 
  that * does * rather make him a voice to take seriously on currencies . 
  this subreddit does n't like sorros for many reasons ; he 's not an uncritical cheerleader for the eu or the euro , and he 's ruthlessly pragmatic . 
  neither of those things means he 's wrong , they just mean that a lot of people here would rather not listen . 
  this interview was triggered by the release of his new book :  in his book , the tragedy of the european union , published in the uk on tuesday , mr soros also writes that he believes the banking sector is a `` parasite '' holding back the economic recovery and that little has been done to resolve the issues behind the 2008 crisis . 
  he also comes out with stuff like that , which pisses off everyone on the economic right wing , after already completely alienating the left , who hate him because he 's a successful and unapologetic capitalist . 
  `` let 's form a committee ! '', 
  no , not really . 
  scotlands platform for independence is based on spending a lot more money on its citizens . 
  a * lot * more than ruk . 
  in a currency union , the risk is clearly that scotland spends irresponsibly , and ends up being `` greece '' to the uk 's `` germany '' . 
  why the hell would the rest of the uk want that , when there is clearly no benefit to being in a currency union with scotland ? 
  the benefits are all on the scottish side - they get to spend whatever they want , and have england bail them out if it all goes pear shaped . 
   i 'd argue that on average germans are culturally closer to brits than americans . 
  well , having lived in both countries for some time , i would argue thats not the case . 
  the common language alone is a massive contributor toward being `` culturally closer '' . 
  we do share a a few things in common with germany , culturally , which often become evident especially at this time of year , but it 's no where near what we have with the former colonies . 
   i 'd like to visit your country again in a few years and buy some cheap dr martens when the euro collapses . 
  fyi uk not in the euro , no intension of joining . 
  but do n't let that stop you puffing your chest out and telling us how it 's going to be . 
  * grabs popcorn *, 
  yes , it does matter . 
  ships cost a lot . 
  the crew costs a lot . 
  loading and unloading cost a lot . 
  insurance for ships cost a lot . 
  the price improves with increased scale , but still , you 're always going to have to pair more for your goods . 
  anyone who thinks british beer is `` warm '' clearly has absolutely no clue when it comes to beer . 
  none . 
  that 's regardless of how many microbreweries they know of . 
  last time i was in the ` states was 2001 - and your beer was terrible then . 
  has there been significant improvement in the last decade ? 
  although one suggested use for babbages machine would have been to calculate artillery tables . . just in time for the first world war . 
   if it 's warm , it 's beer oh , i expected better from a frenchman . 
  this is a silly american notion . 
  they have to drink their beer cold because , frankly , the higher above freezing temperature american beer gets , the more it tastes like piss . 
  so , they come over to the uk , having spent most of their lives drinking freezing piss water , and are shocked to find that we drink our beer only slightly cool . 
  because our beer actually tastes nice , and you ca n't taste anything with a mouth full of ice . 
  what i like most about france is that there is 20 miles of water between myself , and france . 
  only kidding . 
  i like quite a lot of french film . 
  i like french food , although in many ways it 's very similar to english fare ( i can hear the collective shocked intake of breath from across the channel after typing that ) . 
  the french people i 've met over the course of my life mostly seem to be very pleasant people , easy to get on with . 
   i think he 's trying to point out how outdated and absurd it 's that the baby would be the monarch , if something fatal were to happen to those in front of him in the line to throne . 
  well , that is why there is the title `` regent '' . 
  the uk has n't had one for 250 years or so , but i guess the concept still stands . 
  still do n't know what he meant by `` what does this mean about europe ? '', 
   brits consider a baby of a few hours old to be third in line to get the highest title in the country . 
  what are you talking about ? 
   what does this mean about europe ? 
  do you mean that the newborn is third in line to the throne ? 
  yeah , that 's the way hereditary monarchies work . 
  i honestly do n't understand what you 're getting at . 
   these women were tall , with light skin , red hair and green eyes . 
  they must have been descended from vikings , i guess a number of possibilities - descendants of the [ varangian guard ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/varangian_guard ) , who came from england and scandanavia . 
  or perhaps descendants of the [ galatians ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/galatia ) , a celtic people that settled in central anatolia in the classical period . 
  or perhaps they 're simply native to that region . 
   or some reason the glorious revolution was covered the most now that is a surprise . 
  most english people could n't explain what the glorious revolution was , or why it happened . 
  just looks like they forgot a colour, 
   i stated in the same conversation that i poorly worded my post , for anyone to see , and with a timestamp before the message from salvaxe . 
  * not * the same conversation . 
  a separate one with another person . 
  which is the point . 
  and you * still * have n't edited your original post where you `` mispoke '' . 
  why is that ? 
   now you keep coming around and accusing me of deliberately misleading people i 've seen you enter into this sort of behavior before , in regards to the cap . 
  you essentially try and pull rank by saying `` believe what i say , because i wrote a dissertation on it '' , which is kind of a dick move . 
  and then it takes a dozen posts with a dozen links to get you to climb down on the subject . . and before long , you 're back in another thread claiming exactly the same thing about the cap . 
   you 're kinda being a dick by attributing malice where there was none , and i 'm defending myself from that . 
  i 'm calling them like i see them . 
  people who knowingly make false arguments just to score points need to be called on it . 
  it 's not malice , but its certainly not intellectually honest . 
  dude , do n't try and push this one back on me . 
  if you make a mistake and say something you do n't mean , then hold your hands up and be honest about it - go back and edit your post with an `` edit : '' section , and clarify to everyone what you really meant . 
  and , yes , you can do that on a smartphone . 
   as i said earlier regarding that statement   poorly worded on my behalf , but it 's not what i meant . 
  that was addressed to me , not salvaxe . 
  to salvaxe you said :  regardless , the treaty is valid which means that the statement applies . 
  referring to your original statement , which you told * me * was poorly worded and not what you meant at all . 
  honestly , it looks like you 're repeatedly trying an argument you know to be false until you get caught out by its inaccuracy . 
  then you claim you never really meant it in the first place . 
  perhaps it 's an honest mistake on your part . 
  it just does n't look like it at the moment . 
  what you said was :  regardless , the treaty is valid which means that the statement applies . 
  `` the statement '' , here is presumably your own misquotation of the treaty of rome , which of course , does not `` apply '' in any legally binding sense . 
  i was reminding you what the statement actually said ; which is a non legally binding statement of intent to `` lay the foundations for ever closer union '' . 
  salvaxe is right in pointing out that the treaty of rome is not a constitution , and the statement about ever closer union is not an element of that constitution . 
   regardless , the treaty is valid which means that the statement applies . 
  huh ? 
  i thought you 'd acknowledged you were wrong on this one , and now here you again are saying that your statement above :  the second page of the treaty of rome ( 1957 ) said the project was about ever closer union . 
  . . is accurate . 
  once more , with feeling , here is what it actually says in the [ treaty of rome ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/economy_finance/emu_history/documents/treaties/rometreaty2.pdf ) :  determined to lay the foundations of an ever-closer union among the peoples of europe , clearly this does not say that the whole purpose of the eu is about `` ever closer union '' , which is what your statement implied . 
   i never claimed it was for a united states of europe , just ever closer union . 
  i never said that you did . 
  what i said was :  is not a prescriptive statement about the end game of the eu being a united states of europe , ** which is how a lot of people here try to pass it off ** so , it 's about what many people in / r/europe often claim the treaty implicitly states . 
  as to what you * did * say .
