  the eu as an ideal is great , but as in practice it has been largely disappointing . 
  edit : found [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/uk_rebate ) on the rebate :  the uk made cap reform a prerequisite of removal of the rebate , a proposal their opponents rejected . 
  the negotiations thus ended without an agreement being reached . 
  in december 2005 the uk prime minister tony blair agreed to give up approximately 20 % of the rebate for the period 2007-2013 , on condition that the funds did not contribute to cap payments , were matched by contributions from other countries and were only for the new member states . 
  spending on the cap remained fixed , as had previously been agreed . 
  overall , this reduced the proportion of the budget spent on the cap . 
  it was agreed that the european commission should conduct a full review of all eu spending, 
  what a very sinister post . 
  the guy is a notorious troll , his most recent favorite insult for the brits is to call them `` cockroaches '' . 
  i 'm surprised he has n't moved on to `` untermenschen '' by now . 
  you accidentally posted this twice , mate . 
  that 's strange . 
  to me it looks like he drinks human blood on a regular basis . 
  11.2 % in the resources i can find , although i 'm sure it wobbles around that figure a little . 
  that is over 50 billion a year . 
  every year . 
  fact-free writing from the grauniad . 
  there is nothing in that link that disagrees with what i said above . 
  if you can provide a link that states that the revenue the uk gets from financial services taxation is above about ~ 10-12 % , then do post it . 
   britain stupidly killed its domestic industries in the 80s and then bet everything on a single card , the finance industry . 
  tough shit that the rest of the continent decided its time to do something about that precise sector , britain has now nothing else to fall back on the germans in this forum bandy this about a lot , but i 'm afraid it is n't true . 
  i ca n't be bothered to have this exact same argument again with yet another german that knows nothing about the uk , so instead i suggest you go and have a look at the wikipedia page on the uk economy . 
  there you will find that financial services makes up about 10 % of our economy , which is enough to hurt if it all suddenly goes ( unlikely ) , but is very very far from having `` nothing else to fall back on '' . 
  i think before any of this happens , the mainland powers will be too busy dealing with the massive fallout from the collapse of the euro . 
  whenever i hear a nice linear narrative in politics spanning a period of years , i remind myself that most such predictions , no matter how reasonable they sound , very often turn out to be wrong . 
  `` you ecshpect me to talk ? '', 
   for some days , the bbc has been telling us in sepulchral tones that we are `` isolated '' and `` marginalised '' -- as if a decision had been taken to abandon us in our misty island like a bunch of woad-painted savages . 
  i 'll say this for boris , he has a way with words . 
  this is hilarious . 
  okay , i have to admit . . this made me lol . 
  of all the most cynical perspectives , this is the most cynical , which is why it 's funny . 
  do n't take it too literally . 
   if you come up with any plan to prevent a financial crisis just go ahead it was the bonus culture which caused the crisis . 
  bonuses for financial derivatives must be tied to their maturation date ( up to 20 years ) , not to the value of the derivative when it 's traded . 
  if you actually take the time to figure out why this happened rather than do a knee-jerk `` omg teh evel bankers '' reaction , the solutions present themselves . 
  try starting with reading `` liars poker '' . 
   ftfy the use of `` no '' there as agreement is valid english . 
  there was no need to put in a `` ftfy '' . 
   right . 
  germany and france are forcing 24 other countries to do exactly what they want , because politicians do n't care about their own countries interests and especially their own voters at all . 
  maybe when you are alone against everybody you should rethink your position ... 
  this is very funny . 
  do you not see the connection between what you say in the first sentence , and the veiled threat you make in the second sentence ? 
  how could the two be connected in relation to countries that are not france and germany ... hmm . 
  you 've gone off the rails on this one . 
  how exactly do you think the financial services industry benefits from `` unfair government support '' ? 
  as for your missive on fairness - two wolves and a sheep voting on who to have for breakfast is not fairness . 
  it 's idiotic to think otherwise . 
  much of the money given to the banks came at the cost of state control - it has n't just disappeared - the taxpayer now owns a chunk of those banks . 
  what the americans do is their own business , so please do n't conflate their mess with ours . 
   which will never work in a union with 27 members . 
  say 's you . 
  france and germany have both magically avoided any regulation which hurt their economies , i wonder how that happened ? 
   there will always be one country that will take a lager hit . 
  ah , so you think we should `` take one for the team '' ? 
  you first . 
   and it is n't any of the other countries fault that london relies that much on the financial industry . 
  no , that 's the result of 30 years of government policy here , so expecting us to turn on a penny to suit your desires is unreasonable in the extreme . 
   the other countries want to regulate it and if you against the eu all the time just feel free to leave . 
  when i came here , i was pro-eu . 
  now , after talking to you nutcases for 2 years , i think i am gradually coming to terms with the idea that we should leave . 
  the eu is a club run by the french and the germans , and if you want to stay in it , you have to bend the knee to them . 
  that is no way to run an organization , we 're better off leaving and forming our own . 
   this is how single markets work . 
  single markets work upon mutual agreement between the parties . 
  we do not agree . 
   why should banking be exempted for the uk , but not car manufacturing for germany ? 
  so you would happily decimate a countries economy based on some notion of `` fairness '' ? 
   and where has this brought us into over the last years ? 
  we are still fighting the financial crisis and the us is still in a very bad shape . 
  a boom and a crash . 
  the boom preceding the financial crisis , which everyone enjoyed , was a result of the same practices that ultimately led to the crash . 
  no one was complaining when there was plenty of money going around . 
  and now you want to deliberately hurt the main source of income dragging us out of recession because you `` do n't like financial services '' . 
  this is why we are never going to see eye to eye with europe . 
  you think a sensible move is punishing the financial services industry regardless of the consequences for those that depend upon it . 
  that is an ideological position . 
   no it wo n't benefit their own financial sectors , but it will hurt london much more , because their sector is much larger . 
  this is a contradiction in terms , but obviously you ca n't see that . 
  it * will * benefit other financial centers by making them more attractive relative to london . 
  from your first sentence - if you think that london will be hurt , and that it will affect our nations recovery , then why do you expect us to agree to it ? 
   why should a regulation that applies to everybody benefit someone more ? 
  regulation that disproportionately hurts one state and disproportionately benefits others should be avoided entirely . 
  you would n't approve of regulation that hurt germany to the extent of stopping its recovery , and benefited other eu nations , so why do you think the uk should accept the same ? 
  well , coming from an austrian , that is hardly surprising . 
  what is it you 're not understanding here ? 
  if you destroy london 's competitiveness with financial centers outside of europe then many businesses will choose to move to rival cities elsewhere on the globe . 
  bad for london . 
  however , banks are still going to want to do business in europe , so they will want to retain a presence there . 
  but , if the regulation is uniform across europe , then there is less reason for them to want to be in london , than in , say frankfurt . 
  so many businesses will relocate to elsewhere in europe . 
  again , bad for london , but good for e.g. 
  ergo , regulations imposed upon london by the eu will be bad for london , but would benefit cities such as paris and frankfurt by encouraging movement toward those cities . 
  oops . 
  typo fixed . 
  i agree . 
  spiegel has been increasingly long on opinion and short on facts recently . 
  because if they take business from the city of london , they could use it boost their on financial services industries in paris and frankfurt . 
  as i pointed out elsewhere , frankfurt has been trying to rival london for years . 
  no , pablos post is invalid because he 's a [ horrid little bigot ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/n7cw6/british_demand_of_safeguards_for_joining_the/c36usew ) .
