  i never said it was genocide . 
  but a whole bunch of people on both sides * were * murdered because of their ethnicity . 
  the modern term for what happened is ethic cleansing . 
   you are totally ignorant about the subject , you know nothing and you try to compare it to smyrna and the 1919-23 war . 
  no , you 've totally missed the point . 
  i am not ignorant on the subject . 
  but i hear plenty of conflicting stories from greeks , turks , and people who live in cyprus . 
  what appears to be the mainstream perception is [ somewhat ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/turkish_invasion_of_cyprus ) [ different ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cypriot_intercommunal_violence ) from yours . 
  my mention of the 1919-23 war was to gauge just how biased you were on the subject of turks in general . 
  quite a few greeks , online at least , characterise themselves as perpetual victims of turkish aggression , and become quite hostile when you suggest otherwise . 
   i suggest you learn about these sensitive issues no . 
  what i need to know is whose views i can trust on the subject . 
  real `` facts '' on the subject morph depending on who you talk to . 
  you think you know the `` real facts '' , but i do n't think you really do , because everyone thinks they know the `` real facts '' , including turks with perceptions very different to yours . 
   before you refer to a fictitious novel as your historic `` proof '' . 
  as i said above , i was trying to find a point of reference we could both refer to , as well as determine your views , not provide evidence . 
   louis de bernieres even supports the greeks . 
  from his books , at least , what louis de bernieres supports is people not murdering their neighbours . 
  no matter what their ethnicity . 
  so , nothing was happening , no turkish cypriots died , and the turks just invaded out of the blue . 
  that 's the story now ? 
  have you read [ `` birds without wings '' ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/birds_without_wings ) ? 
  was the early c20th greek ethnic cleansing of turks depicted in the book also made up , in your opinion ? 
  were n't the greek cypriots in the middle of ethnically cleansing the turkish cypriots off the island when the turks invaded ? 
  alternative ** tldr ; ** - `` i ca n't get my lefty economic ideas published in american journals , this is clearly the fault of ` anglo-saxon linguistic imperialism ' ... '' further comments :  when latin was a `` lingua franca '' , nobody spoke latin anymore , and latin was not backed by any political power . 
  that 's a true lingua franca . 
  otherwise , i 'm sorry , but it 's not a lingua franca . 
  this is truly ridiculous . 
  ignoring the fact that before the c15th the church monopoly on latin was very much about money and power with the church as perhaps the most powerful and important political entity in europe for a thousand years before that point ... you 're also stating that only a * dead * language could really be a * lingua franca * . 
  what the hell is the use of using a dead language as a medium of communication ? 
  it seems to me like you 're simply sore about the fact that you are not a native english speaker , and therefore see yourself as at an unfair disadvantage to other english speakers . 
  that will change in the coming decades , as the majority of the worlds english speakers will be from outside the anglophone world . 
  at that point , it will be people from * within * the anglophone world who will be at a disadvantage , as we 'll have to restructure and restrict our use of language in order to make ourselves understood . 
  this is already happening within the eu , as representatives from most european nations can understand each others verbal english , but native speakers need to have their words translated because of the way in which they use the language . 
  which is why there is such a thing as legal precedent . 
  once you 've spent thousands of hours arguing a point , you do n't spend thousands of hours doing it a second time . 
  i fail to follow the logic of your argument . 
  you are effectively stating that a constitution should be written in dense legalese , making a strong culture of legal academia a prerequisite , because if it is n't , then you need a strong culture of legal academia to interpret it ( ? ) . 
  well . . in one instance you have a readable constitution with a set of legal precedents , and in the other , you have a document which is unintelligible to the vast majority of the populace . 
  i 'm am strongly opposed to such elitism . 
  it hurts peoples engagement with politics and confines interest in the political to a specialised educated elite . 
  are you claiming that , for example , [ this ] ( http://constitutionus.com/ ) contains a significant number of ambiguities ? 
  it seems to have served the americans very well , and i can read and understand it . 
  what do you think happens * right now * when theres a power cut ? 
  the hospital switches to internal generators , which of course , may themselves fail . 
  given that ors are expected to have available power 24/7 , if you have a society in which , as you put it , we are `` more relaxed about the 100 % availability of power '' , then regularly switching between backup generators and the mains during operations will be a common occurrence rather than a rarity . 
  i do n't really want to have to wait for the power to come on before i can heat some water to have a shower . 
  i do n't want to have the servers i work on regularly go down because `` oops , no sun over spain today '' . 
  people start waffling on about smart grids and battery storage when these things get brought up , but no one has ever built a large scale smart grid - it 's even further away , technologically , than fusion at the moment . 
  smart grids may not even be possible without . . * drum roll * . . large scale power coal or nuclear power stations available for power generation at short notice when renewables are n't delivering . 
  what you are describing is a pre-industrial grid , no matter what language you choose to dress it up with . 
  it 's a technological and societal step backwards . 
  a confederation of states with a written constitution intelligible to people without a degree in european law . 
  no hard bounds set on union borders . 
  i see no reason why it has to end at the ural mountains , or the north african coast . 
  a president who 's powers are limited in law . 
  the constitution must state what the government is never allowed to do , as well as laying out it 's powers . 
  for example , there should be clauses present expressly forbidding the acquisition of `` emergency '' powers in time of crisis . 
  there must be a clear route out for any region within the union that decides it no longer wishes to remain part of it . 
  the military of the union may never be used against citizens of the union , even in `` police '' actions . 
  a european wide senate is elected directly by the populace , as is the president . 
  recall votes for both members of the senate the president are allowed at any time during term of office , as determined by popular vote . 
  there is no commission , or equivalent body that places people in executive positions without reference to the people . 
  there is no cap , or any other such agreement which disproportionally benefits one or more states at the expense of the others . 
  the capital is fixed at one location , along with the required administrative bodies , and there is no longer a migration between strasbourg and brussels ( which is frankly ridiculous ) . 
  government is as open as possible , and the budgets and expenditure for each state are publicly available , as are the voting records of each member of the senate . 
  bills can be both killed , and proposed , by popular vote , although in the later case they must be approved by the senate before becoming law . 
  i 'm going to end this bit now , as it 's turning into an essay . 
  all of the current eu members , plus anyone else who wishes to join , assuming they have a contiguous border with the current eu . 
  everything except military and foreign policy is dealt with at a `` national '' / state level . 
  because it 's far more democratic and fair than what we have right now . 
  of course , none of this will ever happen . 
  what we 'll get instead is a legal quagmire instead of a real constitution , ever more powerful unelected commission officials instead of a president , and constituent states who are always seeking to benefit at the cost of the others . 
  most eurocrats would be horrified by the wish list above , as it is far far too `` populist '' for their liking . 
  i 've noticed a lot of silent downvotes recently , for anyone who even * politely * disagrees with the concept of a federal europe . . 
  i find this to be ever so slightly creepy . 
  yeah , that 's a pre-industrial society . 
  no thanks . 
  i do n't want to be on an operating table when half the grid shuts down because it 's no longer windy in denmark . 
  not this argument again . 
  look . 
  we * can not * run a modern society on just wind and solar . 
  we just ca n't . 
  we will need either coal , or some form of nuclear , in order to maintain our current standard of living . 
  it 's either that , or back to a pre-industrial society . 
  the choice is a stark one . 
  mark lynas wrote `` 6 degrees '' , which is quite a frightening book . 
  it looks at what climate models are predicting for a warmer world at 1 , though to 6 , degrees . 
  +6 is quite a scary place . 
  given the tone of the comments here , it looks like a european army would not have been deployed to the falklands . 
  all the more reason not to have one , imo . 
  i have never heard that . 
  must be an upper class thing . 
  no he did n't . 
  the answers to several questions were bungled , and the interviewer went easy on him , not pressing too hard on those obvious weak points . 
  how do you prove an intentional lie in court ? 
  and could such a law on lying be then used to suppress freedom of the press ? 
  we have the press complaints commission to deal with these issues at the moment , and although it 's not ideal , i 'd be wary of making the punishments for inaccuracies `` harsher '' . 
  totally lost all respect for greenpeace . 
  bunch of technologically illiterate hippies that think we should all be living in mud huts and communing with nature .
