  letting europeans who are frying chips at mcdonald 's in uk stay is not the same thing as having brits have government jobs in eu , is that so hard to grasp ? 
  no it 's not hard to grasp . 
  it 's also something you 've formulated in your own head , and bears no representation to the truth . 
  the eu nationals i know range across the professions . 
  there are many in it and finance , like i am . 
   obviously the arrangement has to be reciprocal , but thinking that gov jobs is part of it is bonkers . 
  i 'm * saying * reciprocal . 
  it 's not bonkers at all . 
  if uk nationals can work for the eu * right now * , which they do , then there is no reason , other than bureaucratic intransigence , that they ca n't do so in the future . 
  well ukip is gunna ukip . 
  as i said , painting it at 52 % voting out for one reason simplifies the argument for you , and allows you to pretend nothing is wrong with the eu . 
  the truth is though , that the anger at the eu has been simmering for some time , prior to the recent immigration scares , and the organisation has genuine problems it can not seem to solve . 
  okay . 
  and what proportion of those who voted leave want all the resident eu nationals to leave too ? 
  i 'm betting its a fraction of the leave camp . 
  you guys love pretending that the leave vote was all about immigration , i guess that simplifies it all for you . 
  well , i hope that 's the case , but unfortunately i put money on the negotiations turning bad . 
  very bad . 
  i fear a lot of people will be thrown under the bus for no other reason other than the uk and the eu being unable to come to terms . 
  who is `` you guys '' ? 
   but that 's not how the eu works . 
  the eu , like any other political organisation , works to protect its own interests ( which usually reflect the interests of its citizens ) but ... at the moment she * is * one of their citizens , and wants to remain so . 
  how is her interest being protected ? 
   she might be part of a wider group of british people who wanted to stay , but the eu can not now go and say `` well , it seems like you really , really like the eu so we 'll make all these exceptions just for you , special snowflake '' . 
  that was never the ask . 
  the ask early on in the process was that eu people in the uk be allowed to stay in return for uk people in the eu being allowed to stay . 
  that was sadly made part of the negotiations and now everyone in either one of those positions has become a bargaining chip . 
   she soon will not be a eu citizen , so her personal interests ( and sadly the personal interests of all remain voters ) are no longer something the eu has to care about . 
  so , as an eu citizen , her interests no longer count now that she will not be an eu citizen in 2 years ? 
  even if the `` interest '' in this case is the very question of her citizenship ? 
  that seems to me to be some serious double-think . 
   actually it is a big ask . 
  i really want serbia to join the eu . 
  like , really , really . 
  should then i expect to be given a special treatment too ? 
  no , but only because serbia is not currently a member , with its citizens living and working across europe . 
  if you were , and you left the eu too , then i 'd argue that the serbs across the rest of the eu should be granted citizenship if they wanted it . 
  why should they have it removed ? 
  is it honestly so hard to have eu citizenship for people who want it , without that being tied to a nationality within the eu ? 
  if so , the eu really has no future as a federation . 
   however , not all is lost and the proposal for the willing uk citizens to keep their eu rights is actually on the table . 
  i 'm pleased this is the case , and i hope our government reciprocates . 
  i know a lot of eu folks that want to stay on here in london . 
   top kek . 
  `` forget about constitution , equality before the law and all that rubbish !, 
  a brit wants something ! '', 
  yeah , no . 
  stick your strawman arguments where the sun do n't shine . 
  there was already a proposal on the table to allow eu citizens resident in the uk to stay indefinitely if they wished , with a reciprocal arrangement for uk citizens in the eu . 
  instead the eu decided to use all those people as bargaining chips instead . 
   no , she 's getting a lesson in being an immigrant . 
  i love it when you guys show your true colours . 
  apparently its another 2 years working in france before she can ask for french citizenship - that sounds a bit more like `` hard '' . 
  a bit more effort from the eu on behalf of those who really wanted to stay ? 
  not exactly a big ask is it ? 
  but in another sense ; i guess she 's getting a harsh lesson in `` eu values '' . 
   i could say the same about a leak in german to a german newspaper , but you 're an easily triggered brexiter who would n't buy that . 
  who 's easily triggered again ? 
  think its you mate , given you 're doing all the whining . 
  i 'm not a `` brexiter '' either , whatever the fuck you 're defining that as . 
  the reason he did it was again political . 
  but you 're a naive starry-eyed euro utopianist that does n't understand politics , so you would n't think in those terms - you think in terms of the `` good guys and bad guys '' , like some kind of 8 year old . 
  he did it so he preemptively assign blame for the negotiations failing to the uk , leaving himself and his political allies blameless . 
  you might want to listen to someone else who 's had experience dealing with eu negotiators to see how they work : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n3zjlfslapg  if it really was n't meant as a provocation , she could have made him home secretary or something , but he got foreign secretary . 
  that says all the eu needs to know about may 's intentions . 
  this is completely stupid . 
  you honestly believe that because boris made a gaffe , that his appointment is some kind of affront to the whole eu ? 
  you 're wired to the fucking moon . 
   nope . 
  i said politicians and government . 
  thats an `` and '' between `` politics '' and `` government '' . 
  so you should n't have any problems finding someone in government , which is what i asked . 
  i do n't care about `` normal '' politicians , because every nation has their fair share of elected idiots , including yours , wherever you 're from . 
  i also do n't care about comments about the eu . 
  the eu is an organisation , not an ethnicity or a clearly defined group of people . 
  here is what you said * once again * . 
   uk politicians and government officials have been smearing shit all over the eu and the continental nations for domestic purposes for decades . 
  so , if what you said is true , then you should be able to find me some government officials who 've said nasty things about continental nations , and you should be able to find a lot of examples too , as you claimed the uk has been doing it `` for decades '' . 
  let 's take a look at the latest batch of evidence you 've provided . 
   and farage is neither alone nor irrelevant . 
  he 's not a minister . 
  i 'm not interested in fringe figures . 
  every country has them . 
  france is on the verge of electing a fascist for crying out loud . 
  until she is in government , she does n't matter . 
   so a present-day government minister does n't matter . 
  yeah , he does n't matter . 
  and i 've explained why elsewhere . 
  a recent appointee making a gaffe when he 's famous for making gaffes is not evidence of `` decades '' worth of the behaviour you 're talking about . 
   alright , then . 
  have you forgotten about margaret fucking thatcher ? 
  - `` in my lifetime all our problems have come from mainland europe and all the solutions have come from the english-speaking nations across the world . '', 
  well , given she was born during wwii and lived during the era of soviet communism i 'd say she has a real point . 
  still do n't see any countries mentioned though . 
   or nicolas ridley , who compared the eu to the third reich . 
  actually no , that is not what he said . 
  what he said was that the eu was a racket set up by germany to run europe to their benefit . 
  because of that comment he was forced to resign from government . 
  so , in summary , you 've failed to find any negative comments from the uk government about continental nations , aside from one from about 30 years ago , which you actually got wrong , and neglected to note that when that comment was made it caused the person who made it to resign . 
  admit it .
