  yeah , but they hate movies about getting superpowers from a drug package leaking inside if you . 
  i ^ liked ^ ^ that ^ ^ ^ movie, 
  finnish, 
  i 'm morgana main . 
  i can say that morgana works well with adcs that can deal lot of damage in short ammount of time , when they are rooted , so lucian and graves work nicely . 
  also tristana , allowing her to fully stack e on someone . 
  edit . 
  jinx . 
  chain snare . 
  for support tank characters , i 'll recomend alistar for you . 
  he is good at starting fights , he has heal for his allies around him and his ult makes him tankier for the duration, 
  another ones are taric and braum, 
  taric has single target heal , single target stun and bonus armor for himself and his allies . 
  braum can stun enemies by attacking them 4 times . 
  he has ability to jump to his ally and give them bonus protections . 
  i hope this helps , 
  general runepage for supports like morgana , janna and nami ? 
  not just jinx , but pretty much any adc . 
  pretty much all adcs benefit from 50 % extra crit and those that do n't auto attack lot , will still benefit from +20 % ap . 
  only bad adc with this item is urgot , becuase he does n't auto attack nor does he benefit from 20 % bonus ap . 
  that is how i got my 2 extra rune pages . 
  but i do n't have enough runes to fill them . 
  well that is what i call devotion . 
  i think pros hold space to keep the camera centered on their champion . 
  i personally just changed space to be the toggle , so i do n't need to hold it . 
  my solution to this problem is that i use both . 
  i have set the toggle on my space bar so when i want to keep the camera on my champion i do n't need to hold it . 
  then i can jsut unlock it when ever i need to see somewhere else . 
  i have tought about getting armor quints and health seals for my morgana mainly . 
  most guides i have seen recomend using those . 
  would it be possible that you just type your lane opponents name in and it gets the information automaticly ? 
  that would make lot more sense in my opinion, 
  equality !, 
  they really need to add more ranks . 
  or add mastery decay , so if you do n't play certain champion at all , it will eventually end up to mastery level 1 , 0 champion points . 
  another cool thing would be to display players champion rank when they are hovering on a champion . 
  that way i know when my adc for example , has atleast some knowledge of their champion . 
  but that does n't really aply to people like me , who do n't play alot of ranked . 
  i have 30 % win rate on morgana , my main , because there is just so small sample size of ranked games . 
  the 1200 mmr is generally mid silver , am i correct ? 
  that causes silver to be so diverse in skill levels . 
  there are people who are placed there first , but belong to mid to high gold and then there are people who got placed to silver , but actually belong to bronze . 
  to the op , what rank are players you play with in normals ? 
  do they have silver or gold border ? 
  with that you can kinda see what level you will end up in ranked if you start climbing . 
  but let it be said , that it 's not always true , since there are people who only play their provisional games , end up in silver , but have bronze level skills . 
  question !, 
  why did you stop playing ryze after the rework ? 
  if you were good ryze player before , you can re-master ryze pretty easy . 
  now you build more damage , instead of frozen hearth etc. 
  ( i 'll assume that you played him top lane ) you build tear , roa and then ap items . 
  luden 's works great on him , because he can proc it twice in one fight easily . 
  hardest thing is micro managing your passive . 
  you usually want to proc your passive with either w or q ( or possible r to chase ) . 
  if you started w , follow up with q , then e , then q , another w and so on . 
  if you started q then you go w  q  e  q  w, 
  every other spell is basicly q , when your passive is active , because it completly resets the cooldown . 
  on the topic of annie :, 
  annie might be champion for you , if you liked the burst and non skillshot playstyle of old ryze . 
  she is good for carrying lower elo , because she can kill the enemy mid laner almsot instantly at level 6 , and lots of players in low elo do n't know how to play against it . 
  also you can play her support , if you ever get forced to the role . 
  i do n't really like the assassin playstyle . 
  i would prefer something tankier with some cc . 
  i have been playing some zac this week , but i 'm not sure about him in the top lane . 
  yes , and will always be , if they do n't rework anything in his kit . 
  it kinda depends on how long itme is `` awhile '', 
  thank you , 
  i need to learn how to turn won lane into a won game , 
  at my elo , bot laners are usually really easy to abuse with morgana , but my problem is other lanes getting left behind . 
  i also should work on roaming mid more often . 
  send a telescope to scout the planet from close up and have it send the information back to it 's home planet ? 
  they basicly could be any form of live you can imagine . 
  sentient plant like creatures that get their power from photosynthesis ? 
  possibly . 
  get a stick that is 1400 light years long and use it to ring the bell . 
  we also have seasons , because earth is tilted . 
  other planets similar to earth , might not have them . 
  living forever is really the only thing i want in life . 
  the tought of our time being limited is scary . 
  in completly religion free world , we would have lot better politics . 
  because of religion , we fight about things that are really just pointless . 
  politics are about our society , things that actually matter . 
  we would be fine without religion , but without plotics , there would be chaos ( unless we are smart enough to abandon seperate countries and start progressing as a species ), 
  ethics . 
  it 's sad to think , but that is a thing is holding us back from some progress . 
  we respect harmful members of our species way too much . 
  but computers being faster than our brain would n't help us , right ? 
  unless we create a.i. 
  for them , they are still only going to work only as fast as the human brain does . 
  having a.i. 
  that has `` brain '' that works faster than human brain , would most likely be devestating for us . 
  i like to imagine the development of humans from birth of our species to present day and beyond , having uphills and downhills . 
  the uphill parts are slow , barely any major progress in science et cetera , but when we reach the top ( major invention of some sort ) things start rolling faster and we start making procress faster . 
  we have recently gone trough era of fast procression and we are now kinda climbing uphill again , but we are n't that far from getting to peek of the hill again . 
  but if they are advanced enough to see us , they must know the concept of light years and that they are seeing waht happened on our planet 1400 years ago . 
  and am i totally wrong or are n't there some earth like planets atleast bit closer ? 
  this one is just special , because it 's at good distance from its star . 
  i 'll kick them both off from what ever planet they will born on to , because i 'm not planning to die . 
  living for longer ( possibly forever ) is n't that far from being reality anymore . 
  it 's possible that there are people alive at this moment who will live maybe even 10 times our lifespan .
