  so caitlyn is a half-rat and half-black ? 
  yoric is probably jealous of them . 
  i heard he digs graves . 
  biology . 
  oh that 's why lissandra has her bloodstone skin, 
  karma , why are you cheating on morgana with nautilus ? 
  give me my cancerous banana queen back !, 
  but karma will always catch up to you !, 
  that 's like atleast 4 years . 
  but is n't the 4800 ip the biggest price tier ? 
  i would expect them to try and drop champions from that tier . 
  relevant on kennen : he is super strong after the buffs . 
  ultimate destroys teamfights even more now . 
  if he becomes meta , he will get nerfed to the ground . 
  some underweight lunatic escaped from an asylum . 
  she bought a pair of angel wings and climb on top of a building . 
  she jumped of because she though she could fly . 
  she landed on a pool of purple paint and her clothes , hair and wings turned purple . 
  she hit her head pretty badly and now she flaps her arms akwardly and thinks that she knows dark magic . 
  in reality she just ties chains to people and somehow has acces to toxic waste which she leaves around in puddles everywhere . 
  why would they go back to that old ugly kennen splash , when the new one is ten times better ? 
  turn his q into a skillshot ( i actually like skillshots ) that throws a blade and damages and slows . 
  add healing to the three empowered attacks . 
  shen has his identity back . 
  can jon snow be considered a little brother of robb ? 
  i ca n't remember who is the older one . 
  this . 
  i like this . 
  i 'm a big fan of the mad queen theory . 
  tommen dies , and as we know , cersei loves nothing more than her children . 
  she is already paranoid about margery , due to maggie 's profecy of younger and more beautiful queen . 
  after tommen dying , margery would most likely rule , atleast temporarily , until it 's decided who will be the heir to the iron throne ( perhaps by claiming to be carrying tommens child she could strengthen her position ) . 
  cersei already dislikes her , and her being the lone ruling queen , would be unbearable for her . 
  it 's not difficult to think that she could assassinate margery , and declare herself the queen . 
  at this point cersei would n't be in the most stable state of mind , definitely not stable enough to rule . 
  that 's when she would be the mad queen . 
  i do n't think the noble houses of rest of westeros , especially the tyrells , would like to be ruled by a mad queen , who murdered the queen and her supposed child . 
  someone would try and take the throne . 
  perhaps cersei would rather burn kingslanding , like the mad king was going to do , than give it up . 
  history would be beautifully repeating itself , if jamie then , to save kingslanding was to cut her throath while keeping her in his arms . 
  i would imagine jamie taking his own life after realising what he had done . 
  then the prophesy would be fulfilled , as well as they both would be leaving this world together . 
  tl : dr : cersei goes mad after tommen dies and kills margery . 
  she becomes the mad queen . 
  history repeats itself , just replace the mad king with mad queen . 
  jamie kills her and commits suicide . 
  who is saying that he is sitting ? 
  he could be lying on his bed , paralyzed from the neck down and using text to speech . 
  who is to say he is n't being pushed around in a hospital bed ? 
  this is either horrible over dramatic non-sense , or the best satire i have ever seen . 
  also works with :, 
  - katarina 's ultimate, 
  - any other ability which can only be activated when an enemy is near . 
  fluid between male and a boy . 
  how dare you force me to stay in a one particular age ? 
  how about the new rageblade ? 
  faster w charge . 
  as someone who has been gone for 6 months and use to main hel , is she worth playing anymore ? 
  seems like that one hel skin concept . 
  i try to link it tomorrow . 
  i 'm on mobile now . 
  edit : found it !, 
  [ here ] ( http://orig02.deviantart.net/d5c6/f/2014/254/2/0/here_comes_the_bride____all_dead_and_white____sp_by_krolkushi-d7ysont.jpg ), 
  ** straight scum !, 
  be ashamed !, 
  oh yeah i forgot r + l = j, 
  do n't spam q for poke and waveclear . 
  only push with q when you need to fast push . 
  only use e when enemy is close enough to be danger to you, 
  simple rule that could solve this nonsense : go to whichever genders bathroom you can pass as without people questioning it, 
  ilmarinen is actually there . 
  right in the middle next to ukko . 
  v\u00e4in\u00e4m\u00f6inen is n't there probably because he technicly is n't a god , though he should still definetly be there . 
  i do n't care about the other ones , but if i could add a god to smite from finnish pantheon , it would be v\u00e4in\u00e4m\u00f6inen . 
  lot of others would probably be way too generic . 
  perhaps i should create a god concept . 
  they get to have a non-god , but finland ca n't have v\u00e4in\u00e4m\u00f6inen . 
  what is a good build for skadi ? 
  both duel and conquest . 
  also is it better to max 1 for the wave clear , or rune of the hunt for more dps ? 
  orbital strike rama . 
  that skin is beautiful compared to the default rama . 
  and the voicepack just tops it off . 
  if i got this skin , i would imidietly start playing rama . 
  but because i 'm poor , i 'll just stick to skadi when it comes to hunters . 
  they should exist , but not in as large number as they do now . 
  it 's cool to have some skins be limited time only and never available again . 
  rip me . 
  2 of my favorite gods are norse gods . 
  man , i would spend $ 40 or even $ 50 to get all current and future league of legends champions , because it takes so long to farm ip, 
  in league of legends 1v1 between adcs just feels like a battle of who can click between two places faster and therefor kite better and who has better stats ( if not counting in abilities ) . 
  in smite , you can actually win against an opponent who has way better stats than you , by dodging their basic attacks and hitting your own . 
  or perhaps you should wear a skirt rather than just a long scarf ? 
  i actually want some like sprint to be insta . 
  can i do that ? 
  yes, 
  longclaw will probably become the blade that 's passed on to every new night 's watch lord commander , if jon leaves it . 
  podric of course . 
  the only know man to have whores pay to him . 
  and a red woman .
