  your team is dead, 
  a wombo combo team with all running that :, 
  all of those ults once are enough to oneshot, 
  the whole assassin playstyle of being able to delete a champion seems broken to me . 
  assassin meta is boring for those who play squishies, 
  tank meta is boring for who ? 
  the people playing the tanks perhaps . 
  there is much more counterplay to tanks than there is to assassins in my opinion . 
  yeah on average . 
  that does n't change the fact that there still are tons of women who would kick my ass, 
  though it is morally wrong , i have to agree on a business standpoint , not hiring women who might get pregnant is better for business . 
  economicly yes morally no . 
  i really do n't think companies should have to pay for abstence because of pregnancy . 
  that should he 100 % on government . 
  that 's the only way to make sure this does n't happen . 
  also artificial wombs should be invented and improved, 
  when she steals your soul do n't run the fuck away, 
  and the burst aspect of it with q is n't even the best part . 
  it can also give a huge slow or a damage reduction, 
  also get some of that mana penetration, 
  that is a bug for sure . 
  lantern coded as minion, 
  i still only know that seju has an skillshot ult which has an aoe snare ( stun ? ), 
  and a dash . 
  no clue of the rest of her kit, 
  perhaps i should stop weaving in autos in between skills in lane, 
  you literally did n't know that he had an e ability ? 
  umm what, 
  i 'm remembering the pre nerf era when it was like 30 seconds, 
  i guess my actual point is that both suck , but i personally like tanks more , which is likely because of the champions i play are pretty good against tanks and weak to assassins . 
  but i also see your point in this . 
  no matter which meta it is , someone is getting left out of the fun, 
  do n't use giphy, 
  only thing she really lacks as a mid laner is wave clear, 
  i 'm not sure if he is a good friend if he is bargaining your friendship, 
  everyone thinks people judge them , but you need to ask yourself , do you judge people for what you are afraid of being judged about ? 
  usually the answer is no, 
  going to the movies alone does n't bother me , but going out to eat alone ? 
  i could n't handle that . 
  though i ca n't handle eating in public even when i 'm with friends . 
  these and aparently insomnia , since i 'm reading this at 4 am, 
  this is true . 
  as someone in a similarish sitsuation , jack off first and then think about it . 
  just remembered a cute story that 's a bit relevant . 
  i have this friend , who i think * could * be bi , and i have somewhat of a crush on him . 
  he knows that i 'm gay , but nothing about my crush on him . 
  one day after school when going home , we were on a bus on the very back seats , i was on the left side window seat and he was on the seat next to me . 
  he has a habit of getting tired on the bus and he often is kind of half sleel half awake . 
  so he was being his usual sleepy self , but this time when he was out he ended up putting his head on my shoulder . 
  i was freaking out . 
  should i push him off ? 
  wake him up ? 
  i ended up putting my head against the window . 
  i bet that if someone had walked by they would have thought that we were cudling . 
  kind of sad in a way that the most intimate thing i have done is having my crush fall asleep against my shoulder on a bus, 
  please do n't use emojis on reddit, 
  in the same boat with you what makes it even scarier is the fact that i have under a year to come up with what will i do once i finnish the 9th grade and am done with the mandatory education, 
  it 's also important to the team since mid laner is usually the teams wave clear, 
  i 'm gay , but being finnish , i also face the same struggle . 
  i find it hard to come out , because saying * `` i 'm gay '' * in finnish would be * `` m\u00e4 oon homo '' * . 
  that just sounds alien in my mouth . 
  in english it just rolls of the tongue , but when i would need to say it in finnish i just lock up and can not do it . 
  oh yes . 
  speak to me eastern neighbours, 
  weird as a finn i hate it when anyone speaks english in a finnish accent . 
  it sounds horrible . 
  i 'm not sure about accents , but about languages there are some weird things . 
  i absolutely fail to find my native language ( finnish ) attractive in any way . 
  i do n't hear lots of people speaking english irl , but when i hear a guy speak good english , then they imidietly become more attactice . 
  the feeling of wanting to have someone to cuddle with and having nobody is consuming . 
  it eats you up inside . 
  leaves you feeling hollow and cold . 
  i want a higher voice . 
  a great cause of sorrow for me is that i 'll never sing as well as the singers i adore , who are all female , not standard female singers , i listen to symphonic metal ( pretty sure i butchered that but oh well ) were the female singers have amazing voices . 
  oh my good i want to sing like that . 
  seems like me . 
  like where can i return this body and exchange it for another ? 
  i have had weeks were i 've eaten half of that per day ( do n't gove me a talk anout this ) and walked more yet stay the same, 
  physically , fix myself . 
  mentally ? 
  i do n't have the mental strength to even wish to be fixed, 
  yes i just put it in a new way, 
  are we counting in swedish now ? 
  sjutted, 
  i 'm scared now, 
  horrible unbalanced matches is what you get from that . 
  i run ms quints on zyra, 
  i would be very disapointed if the series would come to a such a boring and quessable end . 
  i really do n't like the #jonsnow crowd . 
  `` jon snow is a targaryen , he will rule the seven kingdoms , he is the azorahai , the prince that was promised ! '', 
  same with the danearys fans . 
  either jon or dany winning the game of thrones would just be way too easy ending, 
  and in smite , you can even obtain gems ( smite 's rp ) for free , by logging in everyday . 
  they also have weekends were you can get gems by winning games . 
  i would think that tencent might not aprove riot making such a big change in monetizing model of league, 
  they do n't know grrm, 
  zyra being as immobile as she is , movespeed quints really help her get around to get the best angle for her spells, 
  full 5 people also get extra ip, 
  me too, 
  mostly it 's the passive .
