  so , sir , please go ask blizzard to permanently mute you in-game . 
  this clickbait, 
  also pretty pay to win, 
  why ? 
  the problem is n't girls not getting to play with legos . 
  they do n't want to play with legos which is aparently unequal , since according to studies , playing with legos as a kid is beneficial . 
  downvotes are for a pointless fact, 
  am i a troll for playing top lane and jungle zyra ? 
  `` not in that order '', 
  beautifully simple machine, 
  that 's why we are all so blue and sad now . 
  players not living in citys hate her, 
  nah , it 's too hot to go out . 
  always . 
  for 6 seasons, 
  after 6 seasons, 
  i live in finland , and i 'm actually waiting for winter/fall , because when school starts , i can get out of middle of nowhere more often , and it will also be nice and cool , and not an outdoor sauna, 
  finally after 6 seasons, 
  as a finn , my body is ready to swim through snow for those pokemons, 
  not yet . 
  would be way too early, 
  i really hope they introduce battling outside of gyms . 
  reward for winning should be candies, 
  yes you do . 
  i have found that if an enemy unit has been on the tile they are working they become lazy . 
  so basically in any city you have conquered , or a city that 's been under siege . 
  i do n't remember if it permanently `` tagged '' the workers as lazy , or if it is just the tile . 
  you ca n't turn on pvp . 
  and give people time to get even close to finishing the first generation, 
  i feel like the chichen itza seems to always be under water, 
  or at least with people you have already met or something . 
  at least most fiction has a happy ending, 
  til guys are dogs, 
  depends on the positioning, 
  or let them fall under, 
  i for ond will, 
  but we often had better tools to learn , so i guess it 's fair, 
  we are putting charges on people based on their looks now ? 
  how can you say someone looks like a rapist ? 
  does looking certain way make you guilty of a crime ? 
  no one can look like a rapist, 
  my point was that no one can look like a rapist , because there is n't a certain way rapists look like, 
  there is a chance that they would he a nomadic like alien race , who come in peace . 
  they would have to be close enough to us genetically for that to work . 
  weebs will be their undercover agents, 
  if i saw the guy in this story , i would n't assume that he is a rapist . 
  i generally do n't make such assumptions only based on people 's looks, 
  well i 'm gay and i do n't get it ... 
  some call it negativity , some call it realistic approach, 
  just here to provide proof, 
  [ here ] ( http://i.imgur.com/tlgqbru.jpg ) are my cabbages, 
  atleast in two years he can pay for it . 
  he should have made enough for a minute with a z grade prostitute , by making eletronics for 5 cents a day . 
  a minute is he needs anyways , and his bullies probably will have poked his eyes out by then , so you do n't have to watch the z grade hooker , aka your mom . 
  so in two years his life will be kinda fine . 
  for a minute . 
  then he can go back to the sweatshop making iphones , before dying painfully by getting poisoned by some material there . 
  actually , it 's both, 
  i 'm pretty sure you are right handed , but only fingers you have left are the 3 visible in the picture , because that 's the only way your handwriting can be that bad . 
  i 'm a nice person , that 's why i 'll try to explain why you look so awful in a reasonable way . 
  your hair and the flowers in it are dyed with the same substance as what you used to paint the roast me sign , your period blood . 
  that also explains your attitude and face . 
  but do n't worry , according to buzzfeed , which you most likely are a journalist for , prostitutes earn more while ovulating . 
  do n't worry , be happy , and become a part time prostitute , following the career path of both of your parents, 
  why have i recieved this honour ? 
  you just do n't remember when there is n't, 
  tf2 could easily be * way * bigger with more support , and devs who actually have played the game more than 5 minutes, 
  sorry , perhaps i worded that wrong , i did n't mean tf2 going past either cs : go or dota2 , just larger than it currently is, 
  i 'll join as a camera guy, 
  having a bibble mostly indicates christianity , and they are n't too fond of them, 
  now everyone uses powerjack, 
  \u00d6ff you go, 
  pretty sure all eu countries had some sort of exit movement , just at different sizes . 
  also let 's talk about the naming . 
  uk had brexit , nl called it nexit , in finland that would be fixit . 
  what else ? 
  well atleast finland paid estonia to get of him/her . 
  which one decide where snek ( s ) slither ? 
  rivers should count as roads when you have discovered sailing . 
  they would , if they were treated as roads, 
  because he shat out all his organs probably . 
  still worth though . 
  pokemon, 
  because people at that level do n't play draft , and there are less players at that level overall, 
  why is circumcision done ? 
  just because it does n't measure up does n't mean it should n't be banned aswell, 
  john . 
  money . 
  there are religions that practise fgm , the religion part does n't make it right . 
  no effect on pleasure ? 
  what have you been smoking ? 
  because for some reason sex is a sin , probably attempt to control population growth . 
  if sex sucks , people are less likely to want it, 
  hole dragon balls . 
  it 's allthere right in front of us, 
  it 's pretty much about what she values more , the revenge , or reuniting with her family . 
  does she even know that jon and sansa have gained control over winterfell ? 
  also would be way too thick plot armor for her to kill the queen . 
  like why does the queen 's guard even exist if arya can just walz in to stab cersei in the back a fee times . 
  just for that , i 'll say that she meets the hound while he is travelling north , they tell her about jon and sansa , and we get a stark reunion with more than one actual stark this time .
