  zilean is actually played as a midlaner in competitive ? 
  what a time to be alive, 
  never again . 
  i 'm pretty sure those scenes were everyone 's favorite scenes . 
  it 's ridiculous to me how accepting people are of it , even though it is actually pretty much like a cult . 
  psychological manipulation in it 's finest . 
  morgana , janna , and zyra ults are glorious with it, 
  why not ? 
  there are also 2 victorious skins for junglers . 
  supports and junglers have the most impact in the game in larger scale , and that 's why riot gave 2 for support and jungle each . 
  but now they 'll probably try and give every role atleast one victorious skin . 
  has n't he kinda fallen out now ? 
  should be zyra . 
  she is my main * and * she is trong in the meta after her rework :p, 
  morgana 's skin was for her performance as a support , so i do n't think she counts as a mid, 
  pls not another adc skin two years in a row, 
  i would rather take the `` four seasons '' ultimate skin for zyra :d, 
  do n't know about vu , but they said that ryze will get a rework ... again . 
  this is his 4th rework atleast . 
  i 've lost count . 
  the fucking music, 
  now i remember , though morgana 's skin was given for her performance in support role , so i 'm not sure if she counts . 
  just a harmless flower ... 
  i have n't heard people complain about it after it was implemented . 
  for rumble of course, 
  if the skin is legendary , it 's bound to have special voicelines . 
  also every champion released is getting special voicelines when buying stuff now . 
  zyra confirmed stronger than the fountain laser , i aprove, 
  support is an interesting role in the sense that lot of champions can work . 
  all that is really needed is some cc to peel for your adc and good base damages . 
  while we are on the topic of weird supports , i have had pretty fun playing support singed . 
  he works well against teams that ca n't kite him , and carries without peel . 
  he can just run up to them and flip them . 
  that would be malphite, 
  do n't know if i 'm just playing against bad talons , but i can most of the time deal with them pre-6 , with all the pressure my passive puts out, 
  that would be like finding a low-key gay guy . 
  edit : guys it 's a joke . 
  you dropped this \\ ^ \\ \\ \\ __ o __ /, 
  i 'm trying to continue the joke . 
  aparently it 's ok to make that joke about vegans or vapers , but not about gays . 
  psst . 
  ^ ^ it 's ^ ^ a ^ ^ joke, 
  exactly . 
  atleast someone in this sub gets jokes . 
  i understand that you are offended , but in my opinion , there 's always room for jokes . 
  also i 'm gay myself , and i do n't find this offensive , but perhaps i just have a horrible sense of humor . 
  mostly i think the downvotes are there because people seem offended by it , but i also see that it 's a bad joke . 
  i do n't care ~ ~ weather ~ ~ whether or not my jokes are funny :d, 
  they could do the aram urf for one day out of those , just to see how well that would play out . 
  i guess that spell mght have to be disabled : /, 
  yeah , i would rather take random sr. 
  i just want nemesis urf for once, 
  azir is a minion confirmed, 
  i know ... 
  is this what we have come to ? 
  that we ca n't even make jokes anymore without someone being offended ? 
  but the problem i have with it is that you can not play some weaker champions , because the other team always picks the `` meta '' urf champs . 
  you throw away the key :\\ ^ ), 
  or you can just have 3 : customisable , zyra mid and zyra support :\\ ^ ), 
  i have one customisable page and two pages for zyra . 
  the custom page if most often either ad or tank page , because when i play ap , i usually just use the zyra page , by changing one or two masteries . 
  my apologies . 
  would it be possible for someone to create a cave johnson text-to-speech program that worked on browsers so you could hear everything in the voice of cave johnson ? 
  started at silver v 0 lp , where i got placed from placements , which i did n't use zyra for . 
  goal is gold v of course . 
  currently silver iv 25 lp, 
  i 'm more impressed if you can actually read that . 
  i guess weak is a bit of a wrong word here . 
  there are some champions that just do n't feel fun , because all the zeds , ekko 's and fizzes are constantly dancing around you . 
  one of these is janna , she is fun in urf , until you come across one of these hyper mobile champions . 
  i gues the problem in urf is mostly the mobility creep , which makes champions too strong . 
  does n't matter if you have machinegun skillshots if the enemy is jumping every half a second . 
  i 'm more impressed by your handwriting, 
  not the person you are responding to , but i got similar views :, 
  i do n't like fighting games or starcraft as games . 
  they are just not my style . 
  i deal game for me would be a one v one moba ( i have actually played decent ammount of smite which has a one vs one mode and it is amazing . 
  i just do n't like smite as much as i like lol . 
  it feels too much like an fps . 
  i wish that riot would introduce official 1 vs 1 gamemode , or that someone would release that type of game . 
  i would be happy . 
  just a harmless flower ... 
  username checks out, 
  that is the most badass fight i have ever seen/heard . 
  but he has diead multiple times . 
  he can be reborn . 
  helmet bro is immortal, 
  why are you getting downvoted ? 
  reddit is dumb, 
  as a zyra main , yes . 
  it 's not that rare to get 6 items as zyra and similar supports . 
  pls riot , y u do dis ? 
  seriously though , it 's sad that riot destroy 's pretty much every champion it touches . 
  yeah , myonly loss before these games was with vayne . 
  at the start of the game the vayne said that we already lost in champselect by not having a tank . 
  aparently trundle was n't enough . 
  she proceeded to tilt then . 
  i recently had a veigar complain about zyra being op after i got a triple kill as a support . 
  basicly tornado shield tornado ... 
  her q has pretty good dmg when full ap and the constant cc,
