  they easily could . 
  plus 32 entities should n't kill the server . 
  and finnish . 
  i do n't think the word ` only ' belongs in there . 
  makes the wording feel odd . 
  why are they allowed to bring kids to bars ? 
  should n't bars be +18 ( or +21 whatever ), 
  also , you can , and sometimes have to , set an age limit to your videos so kids ca n't watch them . 
  not your fault if the kids lie about their age . 
  are bars not +18 ? 
  still i kinda feel like it should n't be only 60 years ago . 
  i get your point , but i do n't get how it 's relevant . 
  quickiebomb launcher with booties . 
  they could put all single class gamemodesinto one , with servers rotating and having a single map everymode . 
  heavy : melee only . 
  who would n't love some boxing . 
  medic could be just medic only arena/deathmatch . 
  i for one would like to play on a server full of medics trying to kill each other . 
  yes , but medic especially , since you do n't get to kill people as medic that often . 
  anything is a barstool if you are brave enough . 
  if it gives such an big advantage , both teams should be doing it, 
  and then their parents tell them that people with tattoos are evil . 
  exact reason why kids with parents who smoke are more likely to start smoking . 
  it 's nota bout the karma . 
  it 's just that getting downvoted makes you feel like your opinions are worth less than other people 's . 
  reddit is the only place i acn publish my opinions uncensored by social peer pressure , of not standing out of the crowd . 
  i actually care about other people 's opinions online , unless they are clearly trolls . 
  i do that often , but because i just ca n't arrange what i want to say into a comment , in a way that wo n't cause too much misinterpretation . 
  i feel like it would be nice as a 3cp variant . 
  i do, 
  he really has no place to go currently . 
  i feel like he is too squishy for top lane and has no wave clear for mid lane . 
  i really do not believe in adc kennen and support kennen is also pretty meh most of the time . 
  definetly keep your favorite champion in your pool . 
  attack move on cursor . 
  on or off ? 
  currently learning adc . 
  you can also set it so shift + ability is normal/smart casted . 
  use his only escape to waveclear ? 
  way too dangerous . 
  i moght agree with one more than other , but they are still equally valid opinions, 
  i have extra buttons on my mouse on that , but that really was n't my question, 
  this is not the onion ? 
  tried hots . 
  hated it . 
  mostly felt clunky , and i disliked the charactets, 
  definetly ascension back . 
  smite has very defined meta when it comes to jungle atleast . 
  if you do n't know where you are suppose to be and when you will fall behind . 
  spaghetti code killed dominion . 
  i just want ascension . 
  forever . 
  they change it everyday, 
  i feel for you . 
  how did you endure it ? 
  they should bring it back . 
  atleast as a featured gamemode . 
  and that is mostly riot 's own fault for giving zero support for the mode . 
  waste of time ? 
  every video game is waste of time . 
  i started playing dominion again right before this announcement . 
  i realised that i enjoy it more than any other mode in lol . 
  sorry for my rough language , but fuck this . 
  i still didi n't get into overwatch beta , and now this . 
  this month sucks . 
  it will be the only memory left from dominion ... one summoner icon . 
  i do n't know why you got downvoted . 
  i honestly do not enjoy hots nearly as much as i enjoyed dominion . 
  same . 
  i didi n't even play dominion nearly as much as probably everyone else here did , having around 60 wins . 
  i didi n't realise how much i loved to mode until now . 
  i played atleast 10 games of it today . 
  it was so fun , so fast , so much better than summoner 's rift . 
  i have no interest to play other gamemodes anymore . 
  my only regret is that i only realised once it was too late . 
  god is either biggest lier in the universe , or he is dead , because i have n't heard him do anything in a while . 
  stuck in the bathroom ? 
  they do n't tell you because they do n't want to think about it themselves . 
  morgana ult mastery is beautiful, 
  and stress tests . 
  having larger ammount of players might change things greatly . 
  those are some rare exceptions . 
  and ryze gets trashed , gradually buffed to a hdden op , until faker picks him at world 's again and the cycle repeats . 
  and now he uses his crown as his jaw . 
  but le blanc wins , because graves 100 to 0 ` ed her mirror image . 
  it 's pretty hard for even them to get 90 % winrate , becasue this is a team game . 
  win rate drops from 57 to 44 when you have 125 + games . 
  karma has an interesting learning curve . 
  i use to browse imgur, 
  i recently switched from being a morgana/karma support main to being a caitlyn adc main , because i do n't want you to have fun in lane . 
  seriously tough , i switched because i really did n't feel like playing support anymore . 
  i started to get interested in playing adc , and decided to play caitlyn . 
  i really enjoyed her playstyle , which is more strategic than other adc 's . 
  i was a lux main from level 1 to level 30 or so . 
  i 'm immune to her laugh . 
  it only makes me stronger . 
  just lulu fill and play her anywhere . 
  i 'm two lane one trick pony with caitlyn . 
  cait mid is pretty fun . 
  only for the caitlyn player tough .
