  if men die , the parts of them that an be counted as being exclusively male , dies . 
  and vice versa . 
  i ` dd imagine it would be by biological sex . 
  i saw both what do i do ? 
  / r/nocontext, 
  or just do n't be a coder and cheat the system, 
  `` what tasty food would taste disgusting if eaten over rice ? '', 
  nah , there would be no one . 
  that would actually be great , since then you do n't have to slaughter the calf that way . 
  these kids will grow up without learning the name of the colour black, 
  yes . 
  debating is honestly one of the most useful skills in the modern world . 
  it 's how you get your opinions through . 
   jaqen h'ghar : and what is the ** girl 's ** race ? 
  student : you sexist , racist , white , cis male scum !, 
  i like to read this comic from right to left . 
  it leaves a more grim after taste . 
  and put everyone in spectator mode , so they do n't fuck all of them up imidietly . 
  you want rules ? 
  do n't play on an anarchy server . 
  use some common sense, 
  and independent thinking, 
  give me more solutions, 
  people most likely abused it by requesting pokestops on their backyard, 
  coincidently i though it was suppose to be a bigger circle and i 'm a bottom ... 
  are you saying homosexuality is unnatural ? 
  i would say it pretty intelligent , and therefor ~ ~ i will need to ask you for proof . ~ ~ homosexuality is pretty natural . 
  that 's great . 
  / r/finlandconspiracy, 
  you make me cry ; _ ;, 
  any and all insects , spiders . 
  why do you think that homosexuality is unnatural, 
  have you heard about this thing called homosexuality, 
  please someone tell me that this `` m.h. '', 
  is somehow messed up in the head . 
  otherwise i have lost faith in society, 
  your arguments are making less and less sense by every comment, 
  who knows balance more ? 
  reddit or riot ? 
  / u/dluminous 's so is dead , because of all the toxins, 
  to eliminate the wording of the survey effecting results, 
  i have also sometimes been thrown out when the match ends without giving me exp . 
  gp is two yordles , one standing on other 's shoulders, 
  both are correct way of spelling it . 
  * color * is mostly used in the us . 
  * if god exists as christians describe him , he is n't a god worth following *, 
  they are n't even sure what their kin is so they have to switch . 
  also aprently ~ ~ she ~ ~ phe is mentally 108 years ( ? 
  i 'm not sure what unit these people measure time in . 
  perhaps it 's 108 soon \u2122 s to measure time ) old, 
  maybe both of those were typos and what phe ( ? ), 
  meant to write was he / her just to make everything more confusing, 
  has feminism really done this though ? 
  i 'm actually asking , did women really need to be encouraged to go vote ? 
  well , if 10 years ago these women we are talking about were n't at legal voting age , it makes sense / s, 
  i got kinda funny little gum shenanigan story as well :, 
  there is this gym near where i live , in the middle of a forest . 
  it 's along a path , which has most pokestops in this whole area , al in the middle of forest . 
  the gym there was currently being controlled by team instinct , and i ( mystic ) went and took it from them and placed a random 10cp pokemon there for fun . 
  literally under 2 minutes later , once i had gone along the path a bit , a guy shows up and takes the gym for valor . 
  i went to the last pokestop on the path , and came back to retake the gym . 
  just after i had taken it down and was placing a pokemon there , but the app crashed , a kid shows up . 
  he asked me what team i was on . 
  i said mystic and asked what team he was in . 
  he was an instinct . 
  he was nice and did n't steal the gym from me while i restarted the app . 
  after placing a pokemon there i left , the kid could n't take down the gym from me . 
  the popularity of this game is amazing , since that gym was literally in the middle of a forest . 
  they should make it so that only a member of a team who took down the gym can place a pokemon there for maybe 10 or 5 minutes . 
  that would solve people stealing freshly defeated gyms . 
  an eternal problem of free games, 
   who donates that amount, 
  people with the money to do so . 
  i appreciate these people . 
  they keep the streams free and going, 
  also , according to christians , a book containing the word of god has parts that are no longer valid, 
  if i paint a picture pf ppooh somewhere , will i get a pokestop called yellow slave owner bear in a red shirt ? 
  studying increases test results !, 
  that 's unacceptable . 
  students who study get better results . 
  we must ban studying and reading of test material in any way !, 
  probably trump, 
  [ down nods ], 
  these people ca n't accept that genders are n't the same . 
  girls do n't want to play with lego ? 
  do n't punish the boys for that, 
  definetly, 
  math is a language, 
  lots of these apply to girls aswell, 
  did they investigate ? 
  you forgot / s or ? 
  totally . 
  i 'm not denying that, 
  generally boys are going to prefer certain things , and girls certain things . 
  but there are a lot of expections . 
  anyone can like playing with lego , i 'm not denying that, 
  deleted my comments because the downvotes started to snowball , people downvoting because it 's already so much in the negative . 
  some redditors are just dumb sheep following the herd . 
  it 's not the matter of will people actually do it . 
  normal nice people do n't tell others to go kill themselves .
