  with flaregun you can atleast combo them , but if you are using the manmelter and have no crits , you will die if you do n't run . 
  dodgeball is good practise , but there are pretty much alwayas these really good dodgeball players who can dance the rockets for days and just oneshot you . 
  i wish there were reflect servers like there are jump servers . 
  it would be fun to have levels getting faster and more difficult , having different projectiles like a huntsman arrow or rr bolt ( yes , you can reflect those ) . 
  airblast can be used for so much more than jsut reflecting projectiles . 
  the power of being able to completly deny ubers is huge . 
  [ here 's ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=okbk3aardek ) a relevant video talking bit about this, 
  kill them with flame thrower , but airblast them at somepoint so they ca n't call you w + m1, 
  they really need to give pyro a playstyle other than mowing everyone down with phlog or using degreaser to combo . 
  ( i want to use my factory new turbine torcher with a statclock for once ! ), 
  the only viable way to play pyro against good players at the moment is the degreaser + combo weapon . 
  in my opinion that is really cheap way to play . 
  all pyro weapons ( expect phlog ) that people complain or complained about have been the combo weapons . 
  axtinguisher , flare gun at one point and now reserve shooter . 
  pyro 's burst with a perfectly timed combo is way too big . 
  the thing that must be changed is the degreaser . 
  they should make rs not work for just jumping . 
  only when the enemy is knocked up from damage or airblast . 
  that way it still works on rocket jumps . 
  nothing more relaxing than spraying your friends ( enemies ) with sweet refressing rainbows ( flames burning with the power of thousand suns ) . 
  they will be screaming their happines ( pain ) . 
  they will be left happy ( scarred for life ) and they will thank you ( beg for you to end their suffering ), 
  people cry for a axtinguisher nerf again ... 
  did you eat bananas ? 
  was it k ? 
  then valve makes everyday a fullmoon day !, 
  then the true horror begins ... all those worthless halloween only items actually become expensive ... 
  bot stomping can be pretty relaxing sometimes . 
  the thing is , all you need to do is not let the pyro get close enough to melee you . 
  but i still wish we would get another viable way to play pyro , other than degreaser combo . 
  i have said this on all the servers for so long . 
  i guess someone who cares to post it here heard it . 
  flamethrower with axtinguisher stats . 
  some men just want to watch the world burn ... 
  they do n't need to remove the reserve shooter . 
  just balance it . 
  make it only work for airblast and not for rocketjumps etc. 
  in my opinion they need to do something about pyro being so reliant on combos and making the degreaser pretty much a must . 
  they should change the degreaser and maybe give pyro a slight buff to his weapon switch speed . 
  that is why we need to change airblast aswell so it 's actually a knock back and not a stun . 
  lies . 
  nobody looks up in tf2, 
  arrow instead of the knee ? 
  they either need to nerf the degreaser , maybe with airblast power reduction , or buff the stock and others . 
  i use the stock flame , rs and powerjack . 
  the only reason i use rs over stock shotgun is the increased switch speed . 
  pyro 's default switch speed is pretty low . 
  i 'm not sure , but i think it 's lower than most other classes . 
  that is the problem the `` combo pyro '' is the only viable playstyle . 
  degreaser is far more superior comapred to the stock . 
  they should buff pyro 's normal switch speed a bit and nerf the degreaser , so the degreaser is for comboing people with the flare or something else and make it useless by itself . 
  how about this :, 
  ** the degreaser : **, 
  * consumes 10 times the ammo on flamethrower, 
  contact damage ( so you ca n't use it for w + m1 ), 
  * - x % afterburn duration, 
  * + x % increased weapon switch speed ( lower than it is now ), 
  * afterburn marks the target for bonus damage from you ( only the pyro who has the degreaser can trigger this bonus damage . ), 
  * the airblast is less powerfull and slower . 
  that way you basicly only have 20 ammo for using your flames , because it consumes 10 when stock would use 1 . 
  you ca n't just m1 someone to death , instead you need to apply the afterburn , switch to your secondary or melee and finnish them off . 
  it wont be the main choiche for pyro , because his strongest tool , the airblast , is less powerfull and bit slower . 
  now when you use the degreaser you must go for the combos with your secondary or melee . 
  yeah , i know that . 
  i was trying to be funny ; - ;, 
  `` kick this guy !, 
  he is hacking . 
  he does n't die ! '', 
  that part is actually pretty cute, 
  what if pyro ca n't actually speak any better than it does at the moment and pyro 's actual voice is just a bit higher ? 
  the unform colors do n't matter anymore , sicne there are no red or blu . 
  the gravel wars and the mvm are both over according to the timeline . 
  but why would they meet there ? 
  would ' t it be smarter for the administerator to pick a more random location ? 
  or am i just thinking about this too much ? 
  helen ( if that woman even was her ... ) will die , since in the previous comic she said that she had just enough australium to settle an old dept. 
  this makes me think that the woman might not be the current announcer , since she had most of the australium ( unless there is very little left in total ) . 
  it might be [ emily ] ( https://wiki.teamfortress.com/wiki/non-player_characters#emily ) , the woman who paid the blu engineer 's granfather to build the life extender machine for redmond aswell . 
  [ here ] ( https://wiki.teamfortress.com/w/images/0/0e/engineercomic13.jpg ) you can see that he build a third life extender for someone . 
  i 'm probably just thinking about this way too much ... 
  i tought heavy disguised as tfc spy aswell using spy 's disguise kit at first . 
  with helen ( the announcer ) or who ever that woman might be ... 
  what business model ? 
  micro transactions ? 
  what ? 
  way too op . 
  her melee would be necksnap , basicly a 360 degree backstab . 
  do we actually know where the contracts fit within the timeline ? 
  they seem like they could actually be something that the administerator orders them to do . 
  my guess is that this comic will tell us the story behind the matchmaking once it comes out , basicly a reason for them to fight then ... 
  look at miss pauling 's face ... 
  15th class confirmed zhanna, 
  i like to think that the rest maybe died in the gravel wars ( the normal part of tf2 ) and the remaining are the one 's fighting in mvm . 
  i think that is the place where the alamo is with the bodies of redmond and blutardh, 
  i 'm not getting mad . 
  i just want to know what business model is he talking about . 
  downvotes are useless without reasons . 
  i deleted my comment so i can actually ask the question . 
  why si the game region restricted in the first place ? 
  what is the business model that is banned ?
