  ( i 'm not sure wich news company it was , so i ca n't be sure if their statistics are right ), 
  i might have worded that poorly or completly wrong . 
  with compared to the population i mean that if one country had 10 million people and had 5 million refugees , then the ammount of refugees would be 50 % of the original population . 
  compared to germany 's population 1.5 million would around 1 % . 
  1 % out of finland 's population would be around 50 000 , that is the most recent prediction of the ammount of refugees that we will get . 
  not always . 
  pause must be the last thing you have clicked with the mouse . 
  sometimes it opens the video quality settings for me . 
  i was once so happy , that it was boring . 
  decided to get depressed again to have something to think about . 
  put a sign on your letterbox saying : `` do not fold the letters ! '', 
  ca n't find anything to eat when your kitchen is full of food and end up not eating anything , until i 'm so hungry that i notice it . 
  forgetting to eat and realising in the evening that i didi n't eat diner or lunch . 
  then i go to kitchen and wander around mindlesly , find nothing i feel like eating and end up eating nothing . 
  that profession is also know as being a human pet . 
  name is not missleading information or any varitation of that . 
  must be true . 
  why do they need a seperate person for that ? 
  they are dropped from the sky with multiple helicopters . 
  everything is ready there , workers and all ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ / s, 
  how exactly do they advertise ? 
  or is it just like internet bloggers/vloggers advertising products for money , just in twitter ? 
  turn it back on and then off again, 
  easy way to get rid of it is by transfering it to another machine, 
  i fear no meg, 
  now it 's freeroam mode . 
  probably depends on the side you are on, 
  and it might lead to installing of kid.exe . 
  if you do n't want to have it for 18 years , you should cancel the installing . 
  the installing takes 9 months and consumes lot of your system memory . 
  i recomend canceling it as soon as possible . 
  it 's alot easier . 
  if you forget , you can always transfer thee kid.exe to another machine . 
  it 's often recomended , since urinate.exe does n't work if boner.exe is active . 
  chemo.exe is known to help close cancer.exe , but it can also close some helpfull programs sometimes . 
  just remember that it 's not always a permanent fix , since cancer.exe can sometimes reboot itself 2ithout permission . 
  download immortality.exe . 
  update antivirus . 
  sometimes i feel like faking my death to find this out ... 
  i do n't really care how the universe was created , i 'm more interested about what was before that . 
  maybe it was created the way old finnish mythology tells it : ann egg cracked on a knee of a lady , that knee aparently being only thing there was . 
  and the egg becoming the universe . 
  how can any creatonist say that universe becoming from a bird egg , that was dropped on a knee , is any less true or false , than some mythical being creating us out of nothing ? 
  and then north korea took over the esport scene completly , proving at last that it is the best korea, 
  even tough there is completly fine app for it already . 
  probably the op didi n't comment . 
   sandbox mode caused the world war 3 in 2026 . 
  i 'm willing to take the risk . 
  link ? 
  i would atleast want something actual in return , instead of just crates that i need to buy a key for to unbox . 
  well , they are terrible because they think people who have different believes are bad . 
  so relio\u00e4gion is the reason, 
  i just tought , should religios people be bannes from being teachers , atleast in public schools ? 
  in my opinion , their faith while alway have some effect . 
  nor a job, 
  something ... something ... 3 boats ... 
  is brainwashing kids illegal in the us ? 
  because if it is , they have some lawsuits to make . 
  double standards start early . 
  but first you should probably ban her from being a teacher . 
  falafel is awesome , if it 's good . 
  if it 's bad , it 's fucking awfull, 
  twitch chat is leaking . 
  breaks the line of being princesses, 
  a fine example of a shit comment . 
  knowing how these things have been like recently , it 's probably possible in someway still . 
  they broke her ;(, 
  definetly ^ ^ ^ ^ / s, 
  fix it by provindg both the end and the start in the same line . 
  even worse . 
  i have origen as last . 
  for mains , it would be amazing to have option to short champions by the ammount of mastery points you have for them . 
  that way your best champions would be at the top . 
  the fish sometimes maybe , but the pan is downgrade , because of the louder sound . 
  server-clearing jarate, 
  the normal ones ? 
  why ? 
  only thing i do n't like about byre , is that it 's more like cp than an arena map . 
  tdm kiddies get mad , because they have to wait so long when they die . 
  you try to escape from the point to not die , and they jsut cap it and win anyways . 
  in that sitsuation , there is nothing you can do . 
  you lose either way . 
  it did break . 
  all changed , but those were the same for really long time tough . 
  does the gibus vision ? 
  i just use it to get people to come to me . 
  i ca n't heal you if you are running away !, 
  `` switching to spectator now would unbalance the teams '', 
  i knew exactly what that link was going to be , yet i still clicked it by habit . 
  do yourself a favor and delete them without looking what they are . 
  do you have sprays disabled maybe ? 
  cp_orange servers are the ones that get you . 
  `` my kids see right trough me.i 'm transparent to them '', 
  zilean is the real timelord, 
  no , he apologized to the fan on his computer . 
  clearly . 
  yes , but he wants to make a statement that skins do n't get wins or something . 
  reason she is not played is because she is so ahrd to use well . 
   jumps on anivia . 
  anivia lands an easy stun , combos with e , block your escape with wall and places her ult .
