  too many people would sue for giving such a dangerous thing to kids . 
  i have never actually seen one used to light a cigarette . 
  i have no idea how they are used . 
  they probably want to have the whole season written , for easter eggs and hints to future stuff and all . 
  some day i 'll be able to eat pizza without feeling guilty . 
  some day, 
  pretty sure this millenia bends time . 
  we have livedbin this millenia for almost 17 whole years , and i have n't even been alive through all of them, 
  that actually explains how insects are so good at making beautiful geometrical shapes . 
  math degree while believing pi is exactly 3, 
  but not today !, 
  prefer a blood cross on the door . 
  it has symbolic meaning . 
  at the time of the plague it was used to mark infected houses, 
  collected by humans , they are imperfect and sinful yadayada, 
  and that 's why i consider believing in the bible a hate crime against me . 
  hey !, 
  according to simpsons , people tried to seek shelter from the plague in churches , but that just spread it quicker . 
  not sure if that 's an actual fact , but it fits , so i 'm gon na pretend that it is . 
  [ yeah ] ( https://img.buzzfeed.com/buzzfeed-static/static/enhanced/web05/2012/4/5/11/enhanced-buzz-4883-1333641173-17.jpg ), 
  i 've got it in my personal shop , do you think i should buy it ? 
  if i hit my bully , he would hit back . 
  harder . 
  i can just find joy in the fact that he wo n't have a future because he does n't do shit at school , and that i 'm better person than him in general . 
  world war would n't benefit us or russia . 
  neither will start anything , because it would be absolutely idiotic . 
  it really just seems like a tool for atheists to combat christianity . 
  which is great . 
  if either side is to start a war , they are idiots . 
  winning a war would n't benefit either one , it would get rest of the countries to hate the winning country and economics would go to even more shit than they are . 
  there is n't going to be a war between us and russia . 
  a war between world super powers would n't benefit anyone . 
  that 's not happening . 
  less than slim, 
  i wonder if there is a country that has mandatory draft for both genders . 
  they are n't talking about reducing the physical requirements . 
  it should be both or neither . 
  not only men . 
  if i was an us citizen , yes it would be bad to have a president that wants to cut my rights, 
  i mean actual big wars against likes of russia . 
  the current us wars would seem like nothing . 
  they do n't seem to be conplaining about not getting to combat though . 
  read the wikipedia article about it once . 
  satan worshippers and satanists are a completly different thing . 
  i really do not believe in violence . 
  how can we say we life in civilized society , if our way of solving problems is killing or beating up people . 
  i stay at a building in boring grey room with my kind studying ancestral knowledge from masters decades older than me . 
  ( student ), 
  i 'm planning on studying how to extract memories and emotions out of people . 
  i wish to learn how to change their emotions into more desirable ones through manipulation and drugs . 
  ( planning on studying some branch of psychology ), 
  that 's just lazy and boring, 
  twenty-four hours a day , seven days a week and 365 weeks a year ? 
  something is n't adding up . 
  yep . 
  exactly . 
  it 's not an election dor the next us dictator , like some seem to think . 
  winner of the war is going to get huge ammount of hate from other countries . 
  war between us and russia is n't going to be ignored like the shitstorm of the midel east, 
  why ? 
  i have a crush on my straight best friend , who knows i 'm gay but is totally oblivious . 
  assuming there 's funny oc on instagram . 
  i 'd rather not, 
  eu is clearly the best . 
  we all know meme to money transfer rate is great . 
  memes are the fame of internet , the only fame that matter and the real winners are the ones who life forever in memes . 
  boxes boxes boxes ... 
  you are not tagged as the person who tagged the tagger of smallcat, 
  that 's the key to north american success, 
  the shitosts take this time to practise so they can become dank memes when the season starts . 
  wrong sub, 
  ypur flair is a lie, 
  yes . 
  it just let 's you choose a dpot around the target instead of appearing behind them by default, 
  because mobile pleb, 
  i thought only men get better with time . 
  this does n't make sense . 
  unless ... 
  i like being a faggot . 
  dicks taste good . 
  or no one who would ask ... 
  i 'm not defined by my sexuality ( mostly since i 'm still kinda in the closet , idk how to describe it . 
  i do n't care about people finding out and few of my close friends know , but i ca n't bring myself to tell people ), 
  i do wish to be more defined by my sexuality , probably since the gay stereotype fits me quite well . 
  i get both , but on different days . 
  i honestly have no idea if i 'm trans or just gay . 
  i 'm sold . 
  marry me , please . 
  i think something 's wrong here . 
  it says that it costs $ 100 lol, 
  somewhat related thing about gay characters in the most popular soap opera in finland which i found beautiful :, 
  one of the guys got hit by a car in yesterday 's episode . 
  his to be husband was there and saw the accident so of course he runs to him . 
  the guy who got hit by the car is bleeding badly from his head . 
  he dies right there , but his last word were : `` i do '' ( like '' do you wish to marry x ? '' ), 
  i just found that hearthbreaking and needed to share . 
  do n't be afraid my child . 
  step into the fuzzy side . 
  iean, 
  [ this ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/cb/ce/9f/cbce9ffc719dc646fced000fe0717cdf.jpg ) is better in my opinion .
