  zyra is beast from level 2 onwards in lane . 
  specially when facing an assassin . 
  he self peel is amazing with w e . she has heimerdinger level zoning with her ranged plants . 
  whne you hit level 6 your burst becomes insane . 
  but she has few cons : she is really immobile . 
  even her movement speed is one of the slowest in the game . 
  also her abilities have horrible scaling . 
  almost any midlaner out scales zyra in the late game . 
  if you do n't use your mid game power , that game is lost for you . 
  yes and the other one was just a fix . 
  she can actually use her ult now on fleeing targets , because of the vision, 
  it 's actually on official wesite aswell . 
  ranked brings out the main role out of you . 
  when i started playing ranked i was mid lane main . 
  i was doing pretty badly in ranked , having trouble using the advantage i got from winning lane to win that game . 
  then i got forced to support role few times and i found out that support is the role i should have been playing all along . 
  just wait . 
  you will find the role that you can play the best under the stress of ranked , 
  i think this will give tt a small burst of play rate . 
  also for dominion . 
  i will never forget you crystal scar !, 
  my true love !, 
  my pool of champions that i believe i can play in ranked is : ', 
  morgana when ever agaisnt something i need to black shield or just for blindpicking, 
  janna for when i need to protect my carries against heavy engage, 
  annie or leona for engage and leona for tank . 
  those are my supports i mainly play . 
  i also play bard , but not in ranked . 
  i 'm not nearly ready with him . 
  same goes with lot of other supports like nami , blitz and alistar, 
  red , yellow , blue , green and white . 
  braum top works , because of his passive stun giving him bonus damage agaisnt that target . 
  also he can block some stuff with his shield . 
  wait !, 
  this is n't well known information ? 
  i have been using this for ages . 
  do n't you dare to edit that !, 
  we should actually test who can cover most ground in smallest ammount of time . 
  not taking in to account teleport like abilities like rek ` sai , shen or tf ult . 
  thing we need to test : lb vs. maximum range bard tunnel . 
  you know what will happen because of that new jungle item ? 
  ap evelyn . 
  well now it works even better . 
  plus ap evelyn is thing now !, 
  infinite red buff, 
  not the hero we deserve, 
  just check their ward score . 
  it will tell . 
  `` today we figh each other . 
  tomorrow we might fight together ! '', 
  you have to agree , that was funny !, 
  you notice that ? 
  he was just being nice . 
  you can pick ignite to mid lane . 
  they see in wich part of the map you mostly spend time . 
  and that is why they need to buff lot of champions . 
  only reason they are not viable is , because they are force than other champion that can do exactly what they do alot better . 
  all champions should be balanced so that it 's possible to beat that champion with any other champion if the player is good enough . 
  that is real balance . 
  reason i do n't like it is because she can win lane out of one mistake you make . 
  but if riven makes a mistake , nothing happens , because her kit is so forgiving . 
  let me correct you . 
  he is the hardest . 
  well this will be thrown out of the window when the lck riven pentakill rant posts take over . 
  now you can all lay eggs together . 
  do n't ask me how . 
  you are the bird . 
  every who plays any champion with any aoe wave clear knows that feel . 
  and one shot everything . 
  in subject of satisfying things . 
  getting one shot triple kill with singe lux ult . 
  this is wrong . 
  there are only 5 of you . 
  one of you is fake . 
  it 's k. 
  lux , zyra and xerath join in . 
  zyra e q one shot wave < 3, 
  or just create a clone fo him and make it their mid laner . 
  he is one of the 5 dominion players . 
  you forgot bard !, 
  one shot people with 500 chimes !, 
  never come back from the death ao yizus !, 
  definetly reason why hai quit . 
  he had to , becuase he reveled the secrets . 
  i 'll use that now . 
  has it been so long ? 
  question to eve mains . 
  if runeglaive goes live , will ap evelynn become a thing ? 
  and dozens of wannabees . 
  once when smurffing i saw someone named : `` bestbard '', 
  omg it is a thing !, 
  * dying of happiness inside *, 
  tell me the secrets of bard , senpai !, 
  educate me of the ways of the wandering caretaker . 
  yes we do !, 
  that is genuinly a ward skin i would spend rp in . 
  i actually went on huge dominion ip farming spree to buy bard . 
  totally worth it . 
  just want to say that i 'm happy for you reaching master with bard . 
  it shows that he has the climb potential .
