  on either of them . 
  i like to bring them pain , suffering and low priority queue for afking . 
  but for real , i just really like the fallen angel thing , and the anti-mage playstyle . 
  morgana combines them both . 
  come , and i 'll put you back to your low priority queue , for the afk reports you will get . 
  mastery emote whenever i ult , thanks to some bind magic . 
  looks nice on janna and morgana . 
  try karma . 
  i have won so many lanes , because i absolutely destroyed their adc with poke . 
  oh , the chain of bindings , that will hold our victims in place . 
  and i love draven as an opponent . 
  so predictable . 
  jump on me , and you 'll trigger my trap card : `` skip the next 300 turns . 
  challenge accepted !, 
  ~ ~ oh i should probably main rengar then ~ ~, 
  why are you looking at me like that ? 
  morgana , because i do n't like it when there are no afks in enemy teams, 
  tahm is definitely up there in terms of tiltcausability, 
  great dravens are rare . 
  and which server is that ? 
  and that is why i hate children . 
  but is n't that even more reason to respect italian culture , since you are on a business trip , so you do n't offend your host . 
  i fail to see how that is the same . 
  if your vegan friend came to visit you , that would be lot more personal . 
  but in this case they are covering up * their * culture to respect islamic culture . 
  i would be all up for paying respect for islamic culture , but not when it causes them to hide their own . 
  rest of the world bends over for islam , because they want them to pump oil into them . 
  religion is root of ~ ~ all ~ ~ lot of evil, 
  something to do with no pictures of the god ? 
  silly , but that 's all i could think of . 
  or religious people think that getting aroused for looking at painted dicks was a sin . 
  i wonder what will they do , if they hear , that he has most likely had sex with a woman at one point . 
  it 's an older meme , sir , but it checks out . 
  mine never get to grow long enough , so that i need to cut them ... 
  i have a problem . 
  most effective way to harvest solar power would probably be directly from space , where there is no atmosphere , or behind the arctic circle during summer . 
  also , with our current technology , solar power is n't the best renewable energy source . 
  that would most likely be water power . 
  to get rid of the middle east dominating with oil , we would need to stop needing oil , and renewable energy source wo n't do that . 
  we would need to switch to electric cars , figure out alternative for plastic amongst everything else made from oil . 
  you can , but probably wo n't get accepted , if you do n't actually need it . 
  getting a jon without speaking the language would be the hardest part . 
  now you just need to have 3-4 champions in 2 roles . 
  and because there can be overlapping it makes it even easier . 
  i still do n't want him . 
  could just put china as one . 
  and qs . 
  use them , and gain health pack . 
  also zone with your e if you see an opportunity . 
  the second point you made will , hopefully , be history soon , thanks to the new champion select . 
  that 's the case for lot of one trick ponies , but it shows more on the supports , because they usually never have to play anything other than their main . 
  if they do n't have proof , i am not buying it . 
  and all cartoony characters are childish and everything in cartoony style is always safe for kids and made only for them . 
  can i read your journal ? 
  no you can not read my erotic fanfiction i did in my free time . 
  good thingbthat most kids can not read fast enough to be traumatized by curiosity . 
  looking trough someones phone is the modern equivalent of reading their diary . 
  most people do n't want to show their failed or unfinished products . 
  tell them you ca n't draw those characters because they are copyrighted and it would be illegal . 
  people have been drawing nudes throughout history . 
  only now is it becoming taboo . 
  tell them to practise and say that 's the way you learned . 
  weird . 
  most vegans do n't mind the consumption of human babies . 
  and off is a tv channel . 
  that thing ... 
  it scares me . 
  i 'm pretty sure that counts as racism . 
  probably just not hours , but recent play time . 
  no reason to give it to players who use to play a lot and left the game already . 
  itbstill does n't give a very open minded picture of you . 
  my conclusion : you are anti-south-american and not open minded . 
  i think they mean people who think baby sheep are cute and should n't be killed , but they still eat their meat . 
  also myy favorite argument for this is eating pigs , when they are smarter than our dogs or other animals which we just keep as pets , because animal double standards . 
  pigs do n't roll in their own shit . 
  pigs are smarter than you . 
  is your reason for that the following ? 
  `` it tastes good '', 
  i 'm already level 30 , but i still need lots more ip, 
  you would think that they would be easy to understand , even if you do n't use that specific one . 
  why ? 
  edit : reddit . 
  where you get downvoted for asking a question . 
  they need mental help . 
  something 's broken in their head . 
  oh i can see your point there . 
  i honestly do n't know how selfish i would be in sitsution . 
  probably would depend on who it would be for . 
  hitler killed hitler . 
  that was pretty kind . 
  you just posted porn in r/aww, 
  you buy champions with rp ? 
  do n't worry . 
  i upvoted you above zero . 
  i mostly accept that they do n't respect my opinions , if i do n't see that i 'm wrong myself trough criticism . 
  yes . 
  i honestly get really discouraged when i get even one downvote . 
  there is just something about seeing that 0 next to your comment . 
  which should not be the case . 
  they should only downvote useless comments that contribute nothing,
