  and then when you select one it does n't change, 
  i just escaped . 
  now i 'm being taken in again . 
  the hope lives another 5 minutes . 
  i wish they would tweet to not give me false hope . 
  just learned that eu invites have ended . 
  hope is kill . 
  school is surprisingly good motivator for pen spinning, 
  everyone keeps saying and upvoting it so i can only assume that it 's true , but i would gladly believe otherwise . 
  is it a thing ? 
  / r/futureessays ? 
  we think that what we know and do is the ultimate truth and right thing to do , but that makes us no different from generations before . 
  so is the internet the real afterlife ? 
  well white chocolate does n't have anyany cocoa and therefor is n't actually toxic to dogs most likely . 
  still do n't give it tough . 
  that amount of sugar is never good . 
  i would rather go with safe than sorry . 
  also he is great at snow balling your adc , so he is pretty strong now, 
  not tarbetable , so would n't work . 
  it would be better to code it as a tower , but i 'll assume that they are coded as minions aswell . 
  why not both ? 
  the meme is even older . 
  i need a list of all the names for kids this sub comes up with . 
  `` ok , he can play with it , but i want x ammount of money in advance , incase he breaks it . '', 
  i use , for decimals and write 100k with 100 000 usually . 
  dots and commas get confusing when used together . 
  `` no i ca n't give it . 
  `` ok , i 'll let him play with it , but i want x ammount of money as warranty , just in case he breaks it . '', 
  for me , my phone is the most personal thing taht i carry on me . 
  i consider people even looking at my screen an attack on my privacy . 
  does her kid even know how to play pokemon ? 
  leftovers from fanta ? 
  they 'll get paid silent, 
  something something ... power corrupts ... 
  the whole world would , if it happened in ` civilized ' country, 
  power corrupts ... 
  fuck money . 
  so wait . 
  if someone i 'm trading does n't have the authenticator , my items will become unavailable aswell ? 
  wtf ? 
  valve why do you crush the economy that exists within your games that no other game can match . 
  is it stealing if they get scammed because they do n't know the value of their items ? 
  probably does n't need to . 
  they are afraid of the economy we have created in their games . 
  this needs to be higher up . 
  tell me how it is n't a smartphone ? 
  are only androids or iphones smartphones in your opinion ? 
  why ? 
  i need answers . 
  yeah , that 's exactly what i mean . 
  making bad trades is n't stealing . 
  it 's your own fault . 
  you are a female and can not produce sperm ? 
  haha , fuck you . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ fuck ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ you ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ / s, 
  get good !, 
  or mouse 3 ? 
  why are n't you helping me understand then ? 
  forgot about the `` give me the item now , i 'll pay you with paypall later '' thing . 
  pretty weak , when compared to the stock . 
  i use it , because my aim with sniper is horrible and i even miss bodyshots . 
  now a suggestion on how to make it a bit better : give it + reload speed . 
  it will never have the dps of a stock riffle , without the 150 headshots , but if it had lower reload time , you could jarate more people . 
  i play shitty sniper with the sleeper , because i find sniper fun and i 'm trying to improve . 
  i think that i need to first be able to body shot people atleast , before trying to headshot them . 
  and with the jarate , i can be atleast somewhat useful for my team . 
   gay and want to rape little girls . 
  something 's not adding up . 
  that 's not good . 
  someone might fuck her again, 
  fixed that for you, 
  excuse me , but you have aparently miss read my gender identity, 
  works on some . 
  traumatizes others . 
  am i dying ? 
  how long do i have ? 
  in handjob middleschool, 
  it still is and probably always will be . 
  huh . 
  i have always tought it is around 13 to 16 . 
  i 'm pretty sure some people would n't mind living in very simple conditions like that . 
  i 'm right on the edge , but i think that i could live like that if the other option was spending all my money on apartment . 
  turn them on from the cc button . 
  17 year old can get hired and earn money . 
  14 year old is highly unlikely to be hired and to be able to earn money . 
  `` fuck you !, 
  i 'll run away and live in an internet cafe for a decade ! '', 
  but when people do n't want to hire people for that ammount , they kick people out . 
  i wish i could live * in * the internet, 
  question about dr : does it show the player as dead on the scoreboard ? 
  considering the reactions to 2d horror games are so real sometimes , horror/jumpscares will probably be strictly restricted to avoid people being scared to death . 
  and that 's the reason they wont inform us if they are working on or have a set eelease date already . 
  i just wish that there were stricter laws for missleading advertising, 
  if your game is n't good enough that people wo n't buy it to play , it 's garbage, 
  we do n't need completly new tf2 . 
  some kind of relaunch would be interesting . 
  with stricter i also mean enforcement, 
  but dota is not tf2 !, 
  it sucks !, 
  from a self post,
