  it makes the game easier, 
  because some champions can go to multiple roles , and summoner spell 's would tell where they are going , so you could switch your spells or picks . 
  i actually hate both metas . 
  tank meta is boring , becasue everyone is hard to kill , and you almost automaticly lose late game if you do n't have tanks . 
  on the other hand , assassin meta can be boring when you constantly get one shotted . 
  because health scaling . 
  most champions with health scalings have lower base health . 
  yes , mmy comment is actually incorrect , i forgot that those champions have health scalings aswell . 
  shen has alot more going on for him though . 
  i would imagine that they would rather give essence away than rp , because they are n't really losing money from giving away essence . 
  no one is going to buy an extra chest and/or a key to get essence . 
  how could they do something about it even if they wanted to ? 
  see . 
  this is n't a problem or a reason to not add this feature . 
  clicked the link and it closed my reddit app . 
  i thought this was an amazing invention , but then it worked as it should . 
  yeah . 
  here the recomended age is a rule . 
  if they are with an adult , 3 years younger or so get to go aswell . 
  teachers should be held to certain standards . 
  they would n't hire a racist teacher . 
  racism can be counted as an opinion . 
  or a teacher that teaches that the bible is the truth and everything else is false ( sadly this is happening in * some * places ), 
  or that if everyone gets paid exactly as much no matter how hard or badly they work . 
  no one works hard . 
  want to know why trump got so far ? 
  not because his politics , but because he realised that it 's a game . 
  he is breaking the game . 
  if thos ia correct , he is actually really smart strategically . 
  or he just got lucky doing all the right things accidentally . 
  good . 
  they are n't insane after all . 
  i have had fights over support . 
  once 3 people wanted support . 
  and you can only ever use ult . 
  not even basic attacks, 
  if it was a choice , why would anyone choose to be gay . 
  it just makes everything harder . 
  we did it . 
  we survived the flairpocalypse . 
  you ca n't kill the devil , m ` lord . 
  what did you have ? 
  if you had morgana , then i have good news . 
  we have stood here in the past , and we still stand here untill the end , without reworks to bring shame to our great name . 
  you are ww now , youngling . 
  yasuo does n't exist anymore , here in the past . 
  can i ask what masteries you use with her in the jungle ? 
  who is to say that the past ca n't be in the future ? 
  laws of time are stories of mortals , who are too simple to understand the time itself . 
  it can not be bound by rules . 
  do n't worry child . 
  they do n't exist in the past, 
  still no s +, 
  what do you need for that ? 
  there are lots of good matchups for morgana in the mid lane . 
  any mage that has one cc that they are required to hit to be usefull . 
  morgana beats them . 
  ahri should never be able to charm you . 
  lux should never be able to bind you . 
  i would peronally prefer to just spam aram or tt for the fragments due to the shorther games , but ca n't do that now . 
  but there is a bug currently , that causes you to not be able to get key fragments outside of summoner 's rift . 
  they only say it [ here ] ( https://support.riotgames.com/hc/en-us ) . 
  i would like them to add it as a notification on the client , so we know if the bug is still unpatched . 
  i have 5 chests and 2 fragments . 
  the deffinition depends on the person . 
  some consider the likes of yi , trynda and yasuo to be adcs , some do n't . 
  i know . 
  i just got my third key fragment and my first key . 
  i got brolaf . 
  too bad i do n't play olaf , or have enough essence to activate the skin . 
  oh that 's good to know . 
  i do n't think most employers care for house chores that you do . 
  depends on the job though . 
  not exactly a varus main , but he is one of the two ad carries i play . 
  caitlyn is the other one . 
  got ta have that range . 
  i 'm probably dumb . 
  i do n't get what the q buff would change . 
  i might be just missing the joke, 
  i think a movement speed buff would suit him better . 
  i 'm pretty new to varus . 
  i had 4800 ip the other day and was just browsing the store . 
  i usually take my sweet time choosing the right champion to buy , but this time i decided : fuck it . 
  i 'm buying varus his splash art looks cool . 
  jumped in to a game with him playing him in the mid lane . 
  fed horribly , but still fell in love with the champion . 
  we should n't build western culture on middle eastern culture . 
  and us is their ally because oil . 
  fuck oil . 
  riot is going deep with this one . 
  dj sona is over taric 's right shoulder . 
  arcade mf is right above tristana, 
  are you saying they would willingly move far enough from each other ? 
  why not ? 
  so new taric is just gay guy version of illaoi with dmg replaced with cc ? 
  :( riot is disapointing us oncr again . 
  he should atleast with the pink skin . 
  yeah . 
  wtf is going on, 
  they will need to buff him up first , so they can nerf him to the ground .
