  not sure what you are referring to , since those are the three countries that most people mean when they scandinavian . 
  nordics is considered to be the wider term which also includes finland and iceland . 
  for icelandic i ca n't say anything expect that it 's probably most similar to danish , but i assume not as similar as the threee scandinavian languages , just due to the gepgraphical distance . 
  finland is a completly different branch of language , and a person only speaking finnish would n't understand swedish , norwegian or danish to the slightest . 
  swedish is actually taught as a mandatory school subject in finland , but i still doubt that most finns would understand conversational swedish . 
  but luckily the nordics are the most fluent in english out of all countries which do n't have it as their official language . 
  side thought ; in my opinion finns have the most ridiculous accent when speaking english , but that could be just , because i myself speak finnish as my first language . 
  as a finn , i agree with the last part . 
  i ca n't stand anything dubbed . 
  what has snow to do with netherlands ? 
  as far as i know , weeks do n't really scale . 
  neither do months . 
  that really would n't be practical though . 
  til aimbot 76 can helix jump . 
  what do you think is a good level to start grinding at ? 
  but you know what ? 
  if we just let the whales be , they 'll just breed with other whales and all their kids will be whales and humanity is doomed . 
  well , we are doomed anyways , unless we start breeding smart and succesful humans . 
  currently the people who breed to most , are dumb and poor people who do n't know about / ca n't afford birth control, 
  genes do n't cancel out without external help . 
  and when they are both ugly , neither of them might not realise that they are ugly , and they start to think that they are good looking . 
  if * only * boys were interested in y ou , you are either girl , good looking guy , or a guy who seems gay . 
  this is reddit , / r/4chan to be exact , so i think the two former options can be deemed invalid, 
  and stop publishing your pictures to imgur without context . 
  you can host them there without publishing . 
  if i recall correctly , creating an alternative to riot 's ranking system is against their tos or something . 
  i do n't think i have seen a tf2 youtuber who has n't done an overwatch video . 
  i 'm not saying that tf2 is dying , it will just never be the same again . 
  support from the developers does wonders . 
  lack of it ? 
  see : `` dominion '', 
  but the father in this case is ugly aswell . 
  there is a slight chance that they could get just the good genes , but that is hardly canceling out , rather rolling 10xd20 and getting 20 on all of them . 
  and your rank is ? 
  i reallyl ike the combo of greybrick and the boreal wood . 
  should use that sometimes . 
  that gives me an idea ... perhaps i should make a sort of an builder 's cheatsheet , for good block combinations . 
  i have a problem . 
  i 'm always running out of space . 
  armors , weapons and accessories take uo so much space . 
  artificial biomes work , that 's nothing new , but i think the question was weather or not there are enough if the blocks to count as biomes . 
  the jungle one is flower wall from dryad and the mushroom one is glowing mushroom wall from glowing mushrooms . 
  * to be scientificly accurate science, 
  and beta 1.7 ? 
  that was the piston patch . 
  those were good times . 
  what patch is minecraft now ? 
  i stopped caring sometime after the official release . 
  how do you know the hours you have spent on minecraft ? 
  and valve/steam seems to love linux . 
  100 hours 1 minute, 
  hmm . . 
  someone should maybe make an online terraria character desinger with all the hair styles . 
  and riot seems to have decided to fuck up their game . 
  i dropped the game for overwatch, 
  how do you guys do it ? 
  no matter how hard i try , i never seem to be able to create any decent pixel art, 
  there just happen to be two of every here and both redmond and blutard ( i think i spelled their names correctly ) hired one of each . 
  is it just me or is that such a ridiculous explenation that it actually sounds plausible ? 
  also i assume that warcraft exists in overwatch universe , because heartstone msot definetly does !, 
  there is a tablet on the landing ship couches ( atleast on iliois ) where hearthstone is open . 
  you can actually hear the music . 
  truly the most under-rated weapon in the game, 
  the hunger was a decent addition . 
  good for not having to heal small bits of fall damage, 
  white skin master race, 
  certainly interesting dying in under a second while in it as zen . 
  they should add status effect icons with timers . 
  mei 's freeze , widow 's mine , etc. 
  and health kits . 
  also i would assume that amped up lucio heal pretty much counters it as whole, 
  he pretty much feelis like the ultimate punisher of not having a healer in your team . 
  depending on the numbers , healers can make him pretty useless though . 
  it would suck if amped up lucio could negate his poison as a whole . 
  why would it apply to coop vs ai ? 
  it 's blindpick . 
  these are rewards for choosing support in the new champion select ( not sure about what to call it , so it 's just gon na be new ), 
  thus solving the problem of lack of supports on two different levels !, 
  more casual support players , and more support mains . 
  when you are a morgana main and still miss cs with w, 
  i can play two roles comfortably , mid lane and support . 
  i have tried top lane , but that lane is horrible . 
  i guess i 'm a full support main now :\\ ^ ), 
  i just hope this sub never becomes as salty as closed beta / r/overwatch, 
  i just hope this sub never becomes as salty as closed beta / r/overwatch, 
  maining support last season in silver . 
  this season i said `` fuck this shit , i 'm tired of playing support everygame i 'm playing zyra in the mid lane for the rest of my life '', 
  perhaps . 
  bind in lane with a support for w poke . 
  bind in mid/lategame with tank for the ult . 
  not saying it would make kalista broken , but it would need a decently high cooldown , so she ca n't just juggle targets . 
  but why though ? 
  i understand that it could be abused , but what if they gradually increased the time the person has to be afk for an remake to happen the longer the game goes . 
  at 5 mintes 2 minutes , 10 minutes around 5 minutes 15 minutes in make it 7 minutes and at 20 minutes make it 10 and so on . 
  kill the other one aswell and now you are just 100 gold away . 
  steal two cannon minions from your adc and now you are done :\\ ^ ), 
  just a vision bot ? 
  oh please !, 
  you wo n't be saying that once i flash all in your bot lane under tower and emerge with a double kill . 
  rylai 's on leona ?
