  mejai 's when you feel safe and no one is diving on you in their team . 
  always get zhonya 's with it ( or sometimes ga ) . 
  basicly never buy lich bane . 
  you should never be in the auto attack range late game . 
  luden 's might work if you are behind and ca n't really burst them down and you are forced to poke . 
  not sure since i have not tried it on her enough yet . 
  for many regeneration item you always want athene 's . 
  lux has high mana costs , so she will benefit from the missing mana based regeneration . 
  only ever consider morello with lux if you are getting wrecked by sustain like swain . 
  but you will have to think your mana usage lot better with this item . 
  if you are adc , you focus who ever is in your reach . 
  you ca n't go diving . 
  same with mages usually . 
  assassins can and should get to adc first , because that is their job . 
  fighters should protect your backline and not be assassinating their adc . 
  i kinda have the same problem , but i have just two roles i ca n't decide between . 
  support is my best role and i main it in ranked , but i do n't get as much enjoyment from it as when playing mid lane . 
  but the next day i love playing support and saving my carry . 
  and again next day i want to mid lane . 
  my biggest problem is that i 'm not good enough mid laner to main mid lane . 
  i 'm just so much better at support . 
  but i could probably solve this , by just practising mid lane and maining both . 
  would jinx be good safe pick ? 
  i 'll just stay with ezreal . 
  you would be level to during the first wave . 
  someone who gets a power spike at level 2 would do well with it . 
  i have a question . 
  is amumu viable at the moment ? 
  he use to be my safe pick in season 4 . 
  i have been playing jax as my safe pick , because i do n't own alot of junglers that are in the meta at the moment . 
  but his right arm is lot stonger than his left arm . 
  getting caught by cho ` gath . 
  who has aoe silence and a aoe knockup . 
  he uses e so you ca n't flash away or cc him . 
  then he uses q and knocks you up and his team does the rest . 
  you have google my friend !, 
  use it wisely and often . 
  actually koi nami , but your point still stands . 
  koi do n't live in salty water i believe, 
  as someone who played 5 games of tristana yesterday , i have now mastered tristana to the fullest and i confirm this . 
  the trick is that you need to dash or teleport around the nexus . 
  enough with those boring jaxes who jsut stand still and auto . 
  i would be fine with ult being a skillshot . 
  bard my man !, 
  i 'm coming to save you !, 
  i cry everytime i remember that i can no longer give my adc mana , when i ca n't make the stars fall down on my enemies and heal myself !, 
  just let me have mana restore and i would be decently happy . 
  why not no ? 
  break him down and build him back up the way you want him . 
  and won i assume . 
  i use to deal pure damage ( the same damage as the fountain laser ) so ww would basicly one shot people . 
  also they nerfed the stats . 
  now you must get rid of both of your legs to become elite runner . 
  sounds good . 
  solution : become cyborg, 
  if he didi n't have advantage , then why not ? 
  it 's not un fair to anyone if he does n't have advatage , but he does . 
  turkish angora ? 
  they are the msot beutifull cat breed i have ever seen . 
  or just fill the whole world with cats and start to worship them as our gods . 
  take your pick either way . 
  and i believe they only kill animals , that would be better off death , because they are sick and have a low change of adoption . 
  that 's sad . 
  imagine if we had prisons , where your life time is 24 hours , if noone adopts you . 
  it would be funny . 
  i just realised how psycopathic that sounded , but oh well . 
  if they spesificly want to race against them , even if they have advantage over him , then why not ? 
  you have the right to try . 
  his lifesteal is n't supid nor his scaling . 
  his point and click supression ult is stupid i agree . 
  make it a skillshot or something and i 'm fine with it . 
  pure and true damge are not the same . 
  pure damage goes trough shields i think . 
  also something else , but not going to go check it out right now . 
  it should definetly be added, 
  when ever you play support gp you are forced to take spell tief 's edge and pickpocket mastery for maximum gold stealing with q, 
  but that would n't really make sense . 
  trinket makes sense on rengar , because his necklace is actually his trinket . 
  i think this will be like viktor, 
  if they would be trinket variations , they would have added 5 since there are 5 trinkets ( 3 summoner 's rift , 1 in dominion and 1 in twisted treeline now ), 
  and there are 5 trinkets in total anyways . 
  why would they only add 3 ? 
  but it 's a melee attack , so you get the melee ammount of gold from bandit mastery and also the bonus gold from spelltief 's . 
  pickpocketplank for the win !, 
  it 's almost the same . 
  just bit more powerful . 
  i tought there was a bug at one point that caused it to deal pure damage and killing trough zhonya 's or something . 
  but it really does n't matter now sicne it 's fixed anyways . 
  gankplank has highest base hp in the game ( unless it has changed ), 
  karma wins most duels at level one just because of her w heal . 
  crits you say ? 
  i play braum top lane once in a bluemoon . 
  free kills for jungler . 
  for adc : tristana . 
  i do n't see her as often as i think i should , considering how strong she is . 
  i try to play her when ever i 'm last pick and need to go adc . 
  her zoning with e is insane . 
  you just need to shoot e on them and they either get auto attacked by you and suffer the bonus damage or they miss cs . 
  if your support lands some cc , you e q them . 
  and do n't get me started on that jump .
