  i do n't think a war would make me hate people . 
  it 's not up to them . 
  there is literally under 10 meters of forest and then there is another house :d, 
  socialism shall rise again . 
  that would make me hate the people . 
  you have to make him stop . 
  he has no rights to post about you . 
  see . 
  that 's the problem . 
  everyone gets in . 
  the next einstein and the next stalin are both let in equally . 
  and why are their birthrates so high ? 
  harry potter and philosopher 's stoning . 
  philosopher is about to get condemmed to being stoned to death . 
  it 's a courtroom drama . 
  philosopher 's stoning sounds better . 
  do n't know if joking or serious , so i 'll answer to both scenarios :, 
  if joking : your joke sucks . 
  if serious : you clearly have never had , met or seen a picture of a male dog . 
  they could insult trump by calling him a trump :, 
  you , sir , are a one big trump . 
  better abort the download then ... 
  which is really weird in my opinion . 
  you do n't * actually * believe in the faith you say you belong to , so why do you identify as their member ? 
  how would there be hormonal changes in the father ? 
  just by being around the baby ? 
  that does n't make any sense . 
  and do the offspring of the species that could eat their own babies cry as loudly as human babies do ? 
  survival of the fittest . 
  loud crying attracts predators and scares away pray . 
  so parents eat their young , if they make too much noise , leaving just the ones that do n't . 
  conclusion : in the hunter gatherer days , babies probably did not cry as much , because the ones that did , would not survive . 
  solution ( / s ) : eat babies that cry a lot . 
  they do n't deserve to survive . 
  survival of the fittest . 
  sonic screwdriver ? 
  people want to work . 
  if and when we get to the point that majority of people have bo job , they will realise that the goverment has to pay for them . 
  then people in a long run realise that not doing anything ever , is boring . 
  people will want jobs to do . 
  they will create them themselves . 
  this makes me unreasonably mad . 
  they are evolving . 
  they are proving evolution without us . 
  if you say you ate an atheist , do you get thrown out or forcefully converted ? 
  edit : omg it took me so long to realise why people were calling me a cannibal :d, 
  i had a dream that i got a cat , dropped a cat and felt super guilty about it afterwards . 
  i just hate when guilty people get to walk away . 
  not saying that he is guilty for sure . 
  if he is found innocent , it just means that they have yet to catch anyone . 
  that 's stunning . 
  i love the water colour effect ( i 'm sorry if that 's the wrong name . _ . ), 
  this will be ... interesting . 
  from my deezer playlist :, 
  * for your entertainment * - adam lambert, 
  * set fire to the rain * - adele, 
  go listen to it !, 
  ( shameless advertisement for finnish music ) ), 
  * who knew * - p!nk, 
  * secrets * - onerepublic, 
  * lunnaat * - mokoma ( again a finnish one ), 
  * rolling in the deep * - adele, 
  ( more finnish stuff lol ), 
  * smoke and mirrors * - pamela faith, 
  i liked it , 
  when i only got a few of multiple types of candy , i try to eat them equally , so one taste wo n't be over the other . 
  candy equality !, 
  that 's beautiful . 
  thank you . 
  i consider myself attractive sometimes , but not always . 
  it 's lot about my mood . 
  if i 'm having a bad day , it shows and you 'll want to stay as far away from me as possible . 
  finland has nowhere near this soft vocalists . 
  maybe it 's just the language , or i just have n't found them . 
  also love the lyrics . 
  i do n't have that , but i will now . 
  i do n't have that , but i have arabelle . 
  probably the finnish stereotype of being introvert and never talking to anyone who i do n't know really well . 
  rush coffee in the morning and a relaxing one once i get home . 
  i go for a walk in the middle of the night . 
  i 'm weird like that . 
  i live in small place so everything feels pretty dead . 
  it 's nice to walk in the middle of the road and breath the cold air . 
  definetly . 
  it 's heavenly . 
  yeah . 
  finland here . 
  still a lot of snow , but i know it will go away at some point . 
  why ca n't it be winter for ever ? 
  after millennia , before wtc, 
  between 16-21 , depending on where you live . 
  14 , turning 15 during this year . 
  she 's not real . 
  +1 year ? 
  probably would n't be that hard to mess that up in lol 's spaghetti code . 
  depends . 
  are you above bronze ? 
  being a mid main is just a phase . 
  they 'll get over it . 
  i wonder what went wrong with euw , but not for the other servers .
