  more :, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4lmdkb6h8pm ), 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aoqwjginu0y ), 
  i do n't have ip to sink, 
  this idea * could * have fixed dominion . 
  dominion was * vastly * different from sr as well and you see what happened ? 
  this is more appealling to an average player . 
  i do n't like it as much as the original either , but something between the two forms would be perfect . 
  it could have fixed dominion * before * they removed it . 
  yes . 
  there is literally no one else in the entire world / s, 
  i ` dd buy it . 
  chroma packs , which they stopped making . 
  chroma packs were a mistake by them . 
  they would have been a whole lot popular , if the colours were sold one by one for third of the price . 
  zyra could have something in that direction , but please no . 
  i do n't want her to become more of a support champion . 
  [ zyra  ( http://vignette4.wikia.nocookie.net/leagueoflegends/images/b/bf/zyra.taunt2.ogg/revision/latest?cb=20121119080342 ), 
  some would say skillshot q that can hit two people is stronger . 
  but a targeted ability that hits two people ? 
  braindead soraka :'( why did you leave me my queen of banana rain ? 
  almost any other kind of hitbox would be better . 
  the current one is so akward to use for waveclear , when you have to walk to the side of the wave to use it effectively . 
  feminism was ment to be about equality and driving women 's rights . 
  but now the term sucks , and we should start using a new one . 
  edit . 
  what i mean to say is that feminism is uselesa in the first world . 
  there are still hellholes on earth, 
  estonian ? 
  you mean the dialect of southern most finland ? 
  seems to be pearlwood , painted brown . 
  the red floor part is hay , painted red, 
  what in-game keyboard ? 
  while renaming chests i can just type normally . 
  just tried . 
  still normal, 
  that 's practicly slavery !, 
  they work for the faceless men , but they might not be faceless men . 
  i really do n't think they wear the faces on top of each other . 
  seems unefficient . 
  only reason i 'm not playing overwatch , is because my computer ca n't run it on graffics that do n't make my eyes bleed . 
  when i played the open beta everything in-game was pixelated . 
  menus were fine , but everything else was just horrible, 
  let 's learn from canada . 
  yes . 
  i do n't see how non-citizens ' children should automaticly become citizens, 
  they do , but some people are shit at school . 
  do n't wear your nose as a hat . 
  did n't your parents teach you manners ? 
  ( they probably did n't even bother or you just did n't learn ), 
  it 's much better to wear it as a beard  , 
  literally a god . 
  humans kill other human babies in order to make the mother more receptive to mate ? 
  we should be more like bonobos when it comes to sex, 
  yeah , i 'm pretty sure my female dog is n't trying to make her toy dinosaur have her puppies by humping it . 
  we can call it rape . 
  involuntary mating in animal world is rape . 
  some people say that rape does n't happen in the animal world , but they could n't be more wrong . 
  it happens way more than in our society . 
  though for some species , rape is part of their mating and they do n't do it in any other way , but that 's actually evolutions `` fault '' . 
  not waiting for the other partner to give their permission for the mating is benefitial for them . 
  well , that 's mostly because the game is available in multiple languages . 
  that 's also why some countries have bad reputation , if the game is in your native language , rather than just english , younger kids will be joining in . 
  i believe this is largely the cause of `` polish players suck !!! '', 
  on eune ( i assume ), 
  also if your native language is a one that lot of things are n't translated to , and you have to rely on english , so you are naturally going to have better knowledge of english . 
  tf2x ( -1 ) ? 
  does that even count ? 
  you should do medic with secondary only :d, 
  i have top scored with crusader 's crossbow , as well as the syringe gun . 
  battle medic is fun as fuck . 
  i do it all the time . 
  though i run the quick-fix , so i can quickly heal my team , atleast when i 'm not using crusader 's, 
  in pubs , i sometimes go for quickiebomber only , with the booties and some melee . 
  it 's fun sticky jumping with the extra hp and movespeed and juggling enemies with stickies . 
  10/10 i recomend it . 
  and it 's being updated still . 
  perhaps slowly , but still . 
  well if you put your main roles , then you atleast might have slightly higher chance, 
  someone created an interactive map for cp_steel . 
  do n't have a link , but i think you can find it by searching . 
  it 's definetly the magic !, 
  one . 
  if you want a more serious look , go for the orange one . 
  items used : bedouin bandana , byte 'd beak painted white and bruiser 's bandanna ( if you are wondering , it 's to hide medic 's chin . 
  ruffled ruprecht painted some dark colour also looks nice , if not better, 
  i do n't know how can they buff spy in 6s without making him stronger on other modes aswell, 
  i , for some reason , have my gibus painted noble hatter 's violet . 
  i have since decided to never wear any other colour . 
  some servers have a lot better moderation , which can usually make raids and such pretty rare . 
  the level of moderation varies greatly depending on your location though . 
  there are also some counters to the clerics that have been introduced , most notably the science path players can choose . 
  clerics were all about gaining followers through their abilities and skills , who would do all the dirty work for them . 
  when they started to introduce science , it was mostly the clerics who explored the options it provided ( mostly because science requires pretty high int . 
  and back then clerics often had the highestint . 
  level of other classes . 
  the cleric guilds were pretty scared of the science thing taking over their followers who were their main source of power , so they kicked those clerics out of the guilds ( also back then the great cleric guilds had pretty high power , so they could pretty much decide that those who choosed to focus on the science tree were no longer clerics ) . 
  when some players got to high levels in the science tree , they started to passively sabotize the clerics , by trying to convert their followers away from following the clerics . 
  so in a way , cleric tree was almost completly replaced by the science tree . 
  there are still clerics who are devoted to bringing clerics back to their glory , but it 's harder for them to gain followers in areas and servers with players that have high int .
