  i think they should just remove downvotes and add reports for useless comments . 
  that 's great . 
  mind telling me what was your major ? 
  i have bought few aswell , mostly on release . 
  weirdly enough i have n't really played any of thosenof those champions . 
  that 's what i just did , even tough it 's pretty late here , i went for a walk . 
  something magical about being outside in the middle of the night . 
  here to represent people who do n't collect anything , butbwould want to start . 
  i have always tought that there is something cool about collecting things . 
  i just have n't found anything i want to collect . 
  i did this with the flow feature on my music app ( equivalent to spotify radio ) and it kept playing me christmas songs . 
  do heterosexuals not exist or is everyone at least bit bisexual ? 
  because i refuse to believe 100 % straight people exist . 
  i like to think that everyone has at least that small interest in the same gender . 
  also there are thousands of variations between at least the bisexual and homosexual , i do n't know about the asexual . 
  i 'm otherwise gay , but i 'm kind of demisexual towards girls ( oh my god i hate giving myself these labels . 
  my computer does n't even think demisexual is an actual word . 
  but i could n't find a label for this , or maybe i should just do it the same way special tumblr snowflakes do it and invent my own sexual orientation . 
  i 'm now a demohomosexual / s ), 
  your point of view is n't wrong , but it 's overly simplified . 
  gosh , that 's a wall of text, 
  in general people were more open about sexuality those days . 
  i would like to blame the middle ages for that , but i ca n't do that , since i 'm not sure if that 's true . 
  it helps some people understand themselves , if they can give themselves a label . 
  easier to accept yourself if you can define what you are to yourself . 
  though i do n't like how big the labelling has become , but i can understand wanting to know ` what ' you are , having wanted that myself as well . 
  well , they are n't wrong , as long as the crust or any other `` bread '' is made by the definition of bread . 
  hot dogs are definitely a sandwich . 
  a piece of meat in between what i assume is by definition , bread . 
  ice cream cones not so much . 
  but if i have a waffle or a pancake , and i put something on that pancake or a waffle , does that become an open-faced sandwich ? 
  also is an open-faced sandwich a true sandwich ? 
  also relevant definition of pie :, 
   a baked food having a filling of fruit , meat , pudding , etc. , prepared in a pastry-lined pan or dish and often topped with a pastry crust :, 
  apple pie ; meat pie . 
  so pie is n't a pie if covered by something other than crust , so is crust bread ? 
  also if you bake a sandwich , does it become pie ? 
  so all pies are sandwiches , but not all sandwiches are pies ? 
  oh god i love these seemingly meaningless arguments , like is cereal a soup . 
  i want to do this more often . 
  there is probably a subreddit for this kind of stuff . 
  yes , that 's the part i do n't agree on . 
  i do n't know . 
  i have zero interest in the other gender , unless that person is meaningfull to me in someway . 
  but again . 
  i do n't know . 
  how should i come out of the closet ? 
  i 'll fuck in advance , so i do n't have to when the beta comes back . 
  did n't even get to play on the weekend . 
  way to rub it on our faces . 
  has there been a poll since the last wave ? 
  i have n't been active on this sub since the beta went on a break . 
  that 's because there are no gurls on reddit . 
  i wonder if there 's a one that does n't . 
  that 's why there are no male gymnastics, 
  yes you can . 
  i 'm speaking from experience . 
  facebook is worse than nsa, 
  lucien side special spammers are the worst, 
  luciens spamming side special . 
  that only proves it if all your opponents were exactly as skilled as you . 
  gravity is a great example of a theory that is nearly a fact . 
  also humans have created entirely new breeds of dogs amongts other animals . 
  if a chihuahua can be releted to a wolf , why ca n't humans be related to apes ? 
  i wonder if we were to breed apes the same way we do other animals . 
  would we eventually end up with something close to humans ? 
  because your comment sounds homophobic probably . 
  i love this map for spy . 
  the ammo pickups are so conviniently placed , and there are so many routes to take , to evade from enemies . 
  my favorite is dropping from the windows on the small ledge , or the health and ammo packs . 
  mini sentries are surprisingly good , when placed in one of the small rooms . 
  i was in a match where blu team had a minisentry on both of the rooms and red team could n't even touvh the point . 
  i have 60 maximum most of the time . 
  the land of freedom right there . 
  probably . 
  some people are born dumb . 
  that was the moment where the natural selection should take place . 
  that was natural selection . 
  only those who do n't choke on cerealbox toys shall live . 
  i got a mini lightsaber straw once . 
  i 'm not sure i want to drink through a laser, 
  you would have to outnumber the fertile males . 
  we would have a lot of things , if we would get people to work together instead of killing each other over a kids bedtime story . 
  let it bern !, 
  to the salt mines, 
  surprising ammount of modern stereotypes are . 
  and people wonder why users use adblock on their sites . 
  and litereally everyone sells it . 
  where ? 
  brits should be added on that list . 
  then it would cover pretty much everyone . 
  but it 's still not liqourice . 
  mostly the black stuff is actually liqourice . 
  others are just called that for some reason . 
  it 's a general opinion on reddit that horses and riding them sucks ? 
  following people who you are actually interested in was and is what made and makes twitter better than facebook . 
  that actually is true . 
  turns out the small differences make all the difference . 
  it 's possible to make any nation look like the greatest nation ever by choosing the right data to compare . 
  i actually think russian culture , and east-european culture in general , is pretty cool .
