  if someone was patient enough , they could very likely find me . 
  that 's why i 'm scared to make someone mad online . 
  they could potentially find me and murder me . 
  `` a user , going by the name of codyrud , on a site called reddit , was found dead in their parents basement . 
  the motive for the murder is suspected to be codyrud making danker memes than their murderer . '', 
  and how many countries use that measurement system again ? 
  fixed it . 
  for some reason usersound like it begins with a vowel . 
  yup . 
  fixed it . 
  or r/justiceporn, 
  probably . 
  depends on where they work . 
  there are dozens of us . 
  i think . 
  there have to be more people who figure things out by themselfs . 
  i had abgeneral idea of how things worked , and when i got internet , i educated myself trough wikipedia . 
  maybe by making it illegal to protest legal medical operation when it is traumatizing other people . 
  i will deliver clearer response if needed . 
  i suspect lunatics . 
  and as far as i know , lunatics make things unsafe a lot of the times . 
  first part is true . 
  your example is wierd and sounds wrong . 
  and no one should be mad about that . 
  i , for one , welcome our intellectually superior asian leaders . 
  they exist in all colours of the rainbow , of course . 
  you ca n't seee them , but you ca n't disapprove them either . 
  as a homosexual , i agree . 
  it does n't contribute to the survival of the species , nor does it help to reproduce . 
  it does n't seem to contribute anything . 
  also : hitler wanted to improve humans and make us a stronger species , just like natural selection does . 
  this would be a positive improvement . 
  natural selection is fantastic work of art , but humans have slowed it down greatly trough medical science . 
  tl : dr : hitler had a great goal in mind , but wrong morals and ways to achieve his goal of a stronger human race . 
  protesting and free speech are nice when they do n't cause general inconvenience to other people . 
  that 's awful, 
  or pages that make you register or download their app to see all content . 
  it would n't that way . 
  who would join a religion when they are 18 voluntarily ? 
  no , it 's nine . 
  there is a file for demo in the folder, 
  i want that . 
  and now it 's underplayed :(, 
  she should have way more muscles . 
  but the downvoted comment says that they have had 20 every week . 
  the one with 40 upvotes says that it has only been twice when there were 20 champions . 
  orianna indeed costs 4800 ip . 
  i jus do n't see how that 's relevant . 
  450 champions should be made free . 
  you get so little ip from losing that might aswell not count them . 
  veteran players are drowning in ip . 
  newer players barely have enough for their needs . 
  the thing is that soas is way too sitsuational . 
  it would be better if it could maybe extinguish team mates like manmelter , and store charges or something . 
  that way it would be actually usefull sometimes . 
  but is yer spy actually so annoying that anyone would vote for it ? 
  enough said . 
  it has become that . 
  language is constantly evolving and words are gaoning new meanings . 
  a lost cause, 
  would n't work . 
  unbalance in teams . 
  i fear this . 
  some classes will be excluded from 6s almost entirely , because they are not worth it . 
  6s with no class limits at all would be horrible at lower levels . 
  paywall for hackers . 
  bad players will eventually get filtered to the bottom . 
  quality police work right there . 
  they got friends . 
  but it is bad for people who main those classes . 
  individuals would just gather resources for themselves . 
  people without them would die . 
  individuals would just gather resources for themselves . 
  people without them would die . 
  their live is more full without the fear of eternal damnation . 
  maybe we should n't waste our lives , since we ca n't be sure if there actually even is after life . 
  do n't hate the servant . 
  hate the master . 
  they most likely mean no murder for personal gain . 
  murder for the faith is allowed . 
  religion aims to be a hive mind . 
  make them free . 
  permanently . 
  infact do that to all recomended champions . 
  too slow . 
  they should lower 2 or 3 every release . 
  tip for smurfs : do n't smurf unless you are diamond 1 or above . 
  tip for smurfs : do n't smurf unless you are diamond 1 or above . 
  yorick deserves to be in the rotation . 
  it 's just that 450 champions are so cheap that pretry much everyone has them . 
  they are just waste of room in the rotation . 
  they might aswell be free all the time . 
  i didi n't think of that . 
  good point . 
  yeah , but probably worse . 
  soldier for sniper seems like a bad trade , but i could be wrong, 
  no points for just winning . 
  mm points should be given according to the in-game score ( i do n't know if winning a round gives points but that could be changed ) or some other system . 
  that way players ca n't be boosted by better players . 
  players who top score , climb faster .
