  on purpose, 
  double ie on sivir and something that i think is adc gnar with ruinaan 's and sunfire cape . 
  but karma was fine as she was . 
  it 's already in the client , in your profile , so it would n't be that hard to make it work in champion select too . 
  but it 's just not the same !, 
  he was beutifull . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  i missed so much when i stopped playing this game for 1,5 years atleast . 
  i swear i didi n't read it . 
  but it 's `` pirates vs. ninjas ( for now ) '', 
  there is n't a pirate king for assassin . 
  just wait . 
  there is a guy in smite reddit who takes care of things like these . 
  ca n't remember his name , because i have n't been here so long either . 
  i would love to see that =d, 
  didi n't they change her passive to 2 seconds per spell hit each level and 1 second each level for autos ? 
  but waht is she going to do with the attackspeed ? 
  and the magic power increase is only 30 . 
  i do n't get why that is a problem . 
  that is just your name . 
  are we going to start hating egypian mythology , because they ahve goddes named isis ? 
  and if it scaled with level . 
  i think they are buffing something else mana regen related to make up these mage mastery nerfs . 
  one good option would be to give bit more mana regen on doran 's ring or just buff champions mana regen straight up . 
  i ` dd say ryze . 
  more mana early = more damage . 
  plus they are buffing his damage anyways . 
  i think the wanderer change is a nerf to janna , since she already gets ms from her passive and w so the 5 % increase was good on her . 
  but then again , janna was really strong so this just brings her to the same level . 
  not really . 
  it 's just 20 bonus ms out of combat . 
  i actually tough it was 20 % and tought it was a huge buff xd, 
  this is a buff to supports early roaming and nerf to their late game movespeed when out of combat . 
  happened to me lot with leona , but still using it . 
  i have been using it for so long now that i ca n't switch back . 
  got use to it now . 
  it 's nice to have 4 freed up for one extra active item slot for sighstone usually . 
  i have never understood how some people use 1-4 as qwer . 
  your hands are so far away from other usefull buttons like spacebar ( i use space to toggle between locked and unlocked camera . ), 
  runic blessing needs to refresh on a timer or when you go back to base . 
  and it needs to scale with levels . 
  is a racist old white man with a white beard . 
  also they are both racist white old men with long white beards . 
  til santa is god + spiderman . 
  in finland , in the biggest tv channels evening news 23rd of december they always show santa leaving to bring presents . 
  ( for clarity : in finland we get presents on the xmas eve . ), 
  do n't do gromp . 
  it 's the strongest non buff camp . 
  it can kill you easily level one if you are alone . 
  wolfes or raptors are the way to go . 
  then only option is to be on the red side with smite top lane and do grugs . 
  any other camp takes too long to walk to lane and gromp will deal way too much damage for you to go straight to lane . 
  needs someone who can take smite and do jungle camp fast enough level one . 
  shyvana probably . 
  usually raptors are a safe option , since not ma e junglers can take them on their first clear . 
  they will also be up in time when junglers start to bank and need the oracle effect from them . 
  have you thought about smite shyvana and doing grugs on the red side and walk to lane ? 
  yes , but if you happen to already have smurf at level 30 , it might be worth it , but it 's not nice for other players . 
  normal games . 
  find a role that you need to learn and choose some safe picks for yourself . 
  then go to team builder and play each champion as long as you need . 
  but remember that your normal game mmr might be lower than your ranked mmr . 
  you will probably be fine with having 2 roles that you can play well . 
  i have support and mid lane , support being my stronger role . 
  if you get forced to other roles you need to have 1 or 2 safe picks for them that you can at least not feed on . 
  for jungle i recommend vi or jax . 
  vi because she is easy to play , but she is banned sometimes . 
  jax can mostly just farm and be a beast in the late game with 30 stacks on devourer . 
  for adc i give ezreal and cait . 
  both are very safe and have long range . 
  cait is really easy to pick up , thanks to her aa range . 
  ezreal is good for people coming from mid lane , because he is very mage like . 
  ca n't really give suggestions for mid or top lane , because i do n't have problems with it and do n't get to play top lane usually . 
  for support i can give leona and sona . 
  both are easy to play and are pretty strong . 
  for quinn , it 's needed to have one defensive item , because of her low range . 
  vanessa works like an adc top lane and she should just build damage because she eats tanks alive . 
  jayce can build one or two defensive items , without loosing too much power . 
  jarvan should be building only one or two damage items anyways . 
  tl : dr not on vayne , because she needs to kill tanks . 
  yes on quinn sometimes, 
  depends . 
  if mid , then caster . 
  if bot , adc . 
  and do n't build ap caster varus . 
  bt got nerfed while back and it no longer has a stacking mechanic . 
  or practise thresh some more . 
  it depends on what melee vs ranged match up we are talking about . 
  generally melee champions have higher all in potential . 
  if you can stay healthy and hit you power spike before the ranged champion does , you can usually all in kill them , because most ranged champions are squishy . 
  you can play with locked camera , as long as you at least sometimes unlock it . 
  i have the toggle binded on my space bar where the center camera to champion usually is . 
  you can also time dragon . 
  respawn times are pretty simple : 5 minutes for red and blue 6 minutes for dragon and 7 for baron . 
  other useful timer is flash timers . 
  it helps your jungler know that the enmet is easily ganked . 
  flash is 5 minutes as well . 
  if you own some mage top laners , you can play them mid as well . 
  mainly lissandra . 
  basic core for lux : magic pen boots , athene 's , rabadon 's and void staff .
