  marksman is any auto attack based champion , no matter if they are ad or ap . 
  they are champions that rely on their auto attacks as their main source of damage . 
  adc for me is just the ad champions out of champions listed as marksman . 
  shhh !, 
  do n't reveal the secrets !, 
  aparently you have n't faced morgana with cait ... 
  they should sell recolors . . 
  i 'm sorry , chromas for online and offline status . 
  and price of a champion even if you own that champion . 
  she would get even more venom , because she is transgendered . 
  it 's really sad . 
  fuck you and get snared for 3 years . 
  riot should just give up and make league of legends ii with the whole code renewed . 
  what do you mean ? 
  what is the reason korea has that restrict anyways ? 
  i wonder if riot would give some people transfers to korea : /, 
  they really need to get japanese server now . 
  well that just does n't make sense . 
  it would be really stupid of them to split it . 
  but at the moment na is n't even nearly big enough to need a split . 
  i wish i had 5-15 ping ; - ;, 
  i bet that league username ( not the one other players see in game ) is in some cases harder to find out than the password, 
  or maybe code only minions as minions this time . 
  i have a secret ... ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ i ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ own ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ morgana ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ chroma, 
  mandatory : we did it reddit !, 
  `` sword mirrors its owner '' - riven, 
  that is one of the best ideas here . 
  so level 30 people would buy tier 1 runes and they would imidietly upgrade to tier 3 ? 
  it 's fine now . 
  they just need to make the vision actually match the ring , so i do n't accidentally get seen while roaming ... 
  you would have to be as big as braum . 
  but they did . 
  it was just a really early hint . 
  that is totally taric and not jayce . 
  or if that is jayce his hammer looks really weird . 
  the window on the door ? 
  it 's not morgana . 
  i do n't think they 'll make morgana with a short dress , and that looks like one . 
  i want to see some kayle vs morgana . 
  also bard . 
  `` 10 % fur , 90 % glee ... '', 
  all these should be a thing expect thresh thing . 
  thresh only collects souls of his enemies aparently . 
  not his allie 's, 
  oh god the urgot one . 
   ashe - rework for sure !, 
  either they make ashe so op or make her as useless as she is now . 
   elise - buffs . 
  then nerfs then buff then a hard nerf . 
   ezreal - gon na make ez so op then nerf him hard . 
   lucian - hard nerfs , he 'll be the new ez . 
  just meh . 
   miss fortune - rework . 
   ryze - buffs, 
  i found these . 
  kennen buulding righteous glory ? 
  also lot of tanks/tank supports need some mana . 
  what role do you enjoy the most ? 
  tell me and i can help . 
  it does n't mater how good you are at the role , you can always learn and get better . 
  just choose a role you enjoy playing . 
  looking at your ranked matches , you die alot . 
  work on that . 
  play safer and position better . 
  i do n't recomend building liandry 's on nunu, 
  do n't sell your doran 's item ( if you do n't buy one , start buying one ), 
  get better builds . 
  before late game . 
  yeah that was kinda the joke i was going for . 
  so when you hit level 30 , you are not allowed to buy runes ? 
  e has a long cast time , and any good supports throws some cc at her when she uses e, 
  if you are good with positioning with her , she is great support to carry games with . 
  i do n't understand why i 'm getting downvoted . 
  i just didi n't get what he ment imidietly . 
  as an owner of under 50 pound dog , i can confirm . 
  she is indeed a cat , and useless . 
  but you do n't own cats because they are usefull , right ? 
  am i wrong if i say that he has a really strong level one ? 
  morgana has 2 minor ones . 
  level 2 you get your q most of the time . 
  you start w while not invading or trying to catch someone . 
  and level 6 , if the enemy is not janna , you can basicly walk up to your enemies with e on yourself, 
  i can confirm , i do n't exist . 
  we are neglected population of sweden . 
  i hate cake . 
  as a finn , i ca n't quit or i will fall a sleep for the entire winter . 
  when i realised that things are n't as good everywhere else than they are for me in finland . 
  it 's weir how different same sitsuations can feel to different people . 
  living in finland , walking down streets at night when it 's dark is normal and does n't really feel threathening at all . 
  i feel sorry for you :(, 
  most likely . 
  he was 11 for fucks sake . 
  living in a country where school uniforms are not a thing anywhere , i have always wondered what is their point ? 
  why would you make students wear uniforms to school ? 
  i really do n't find bullying to be a reason for school uniforms . 
  why do schools have to look professional ? 
  i still do n't get waht advantage it gives to the school . 
  so why exactly ? 
  do you have the username ` god ' on reddit ? 
  basicly you ca n't have the floor made completly out of platforms .
