  commitment . 
  make sure that your trade confirmations are on . 
  that fixed it for me . 
  that 's why there 's the recovery code . 
  probably the orange cube . 
  i do n't think they will write the number 3 willingly . 
  portal would be amazing . 
  i want to believe ... 
  and apparently it things that everyone is under 18 . 
  do you realize that most ads are shitty clickbaits ? 
  well , somebof it actually is giberish and does n't mean anything . 
  atleast in context . 
  that link to comment karma ratio, 
  it 's never too late to start . 
  it 's not * that * bad, 
  reddit just picks the best from 4chan . 
  you are safe . 
  yes . 
  it could be worse . 
  north korea does n't exist according to that map . 
  which is pretty much what professional gamers do . 
  new account just to make this joke . 
  for shame . 
  some * actually * have that rule ? 
  `` i want to pay new price 4 it '', 
  1 week, 
  and he makes other people beautifull to compensate, 
  black cleaver confirmed to counter ekko , lucian and jhin . 
  hydrogen bomb would be more relevant, 
  the non-sentient should probably stay out aswell, 
  it 's just a book , that some lunatics take as the truth, 
  which is scary, 
  they opened their doors for drowing children . 
  they got rapists who probably raped the kids we were expecting, 
  i have conflicted feelings right now . 
  would russia work ? 
  extremes are the loudest , but the middle is the wisest ? 
  finland should so what our long lost cousin nation has done . 
  i 'll just state ythat imigration itself causes nationalism . 
  we can expect a rise if logical thinking still works, 
  thank you . 
  if you are not a lazy piece of shit and a douchebag , you are pretty safe being who you are . 
  that is the worst part . 
  the best part is not having to dick it up from grass . 
  yeah , i 'm pretty sure someone is already making build in tablets to bathrooms . 
  that joke is really shitty . 
  imagine if damage ticks triggered it . 
  you are late . 
  praise the banana, 
  or after everybody has selected their champions and there is spare time . 
  if you are quick , you 'll be ready when the game has loaded, 
  but they also cause inconvenience for other people , making them wait for the timer to go down and having to re queue . 
  it would n't take that long . 
  it would be like : `` this is how this works '' `` next '' etc. 
  little text boxes . 
  you can just click trough it , if you already know your stuff . 
  lot of people do n't read patch notes . 
  it 's because reddit is so much more popular than the lol boards . 
  most people who actively play league use reddit , so most people who care enough about the game to spend extra time discussing about it are here . 
  but most people do n't . 
  people who already know about that could abuse it . 
  some of the morons who do n't read patch notes manage to get in games and feed with champions that got reworked or changed , because they did n't know that . 
  they need to add a pop up for champions that have gotten reworked as well . 
  also , they waste other people 's time as well , making them re queue ( i do n't know how long the queue times are in the new team builder since i have n't got to try it yet ), 
  i could , if they were n't so expensive . 
  fair point, 
  but i bet he chases like a madman . 
  oh it will be perfect for him , if the bolts apply the marks , which they most likely do . 
  which is good . 
  relevant flair . 
  but he has lots of ways to gain bonus ms, 
  he is more of a strategic type . 
  hurricane as well . 
  lots of as = ad and bolts , so he can get 12 shots before reloading and apply his mark on more enemies . 
  if it does for jhin , they will change it for xerath . 
  or hurricane ? 
  that was been in the game for long time . 
  see hecarim and vladimir . 
  but boring for the flow of the game . 
  first a jungle marksman , now a mid laner . 
  i like where they are going . 
  you use cc on him and minions rape him . 
  yes . 
  it gives it more authentic feeling . 
  a rapid firing shotgun just does n't seem right . 
  is it ? 
  if that 's the case , then mb . 
  let 's give him yasuo 's double crit as well , so he can run a marathon . 
  i just think that our nationality is more visible , since we show it more . 
  hextech crafting that is coming out , should be on pbe right now . 
  hextech crafting . 
  as far as i know , you get rewarded for good grades after the game . 
  you can read for yourself at lol website, 
  the fucking slideshows . 
  they are the pain of my mobile existence . 
  are you yeezus ? 
  he watched this movie and was a child when he was around 13 ? 
  dark and snowy , just as i like it, 
  i do n't think it would be that akward . 
  war would be between the goverments and leaders .
