  later we can move on to humans chirping like birds . 
  and animorfs are a thing ( sorry \u00ecf i miss spelled that ), 
  but would it imidietly get destroyed , because of the basilisk venom . 
  i have not read the books in english so i was not sure , 
  be careful since some of them can be . 
  just make it so there is only one poro you can feed . 
  shen with teleport is more mobile , than veigar with teleport . 
  but wase n't yasuo suppsose to kinda be like a samurai ? 
  and master yi is a thing . 
  does the deathcap help me kill things as a marksman ? 
  airbortion *, 
  or galio counter item ? 
  at once . 
  this is soraka for me , since i wases n't around to experience the old karma ( i might have been playing back then , but i was probably under level 30 back then ), 
  i 'll hate this as much as i hated the soraka rework . 
  r.i.p solo lane soraka . 
  so you are saying , that there ca n't be a fenced area for chickens , where there are no roosters that could fertilize them ? 
  that roosters magicly appear out of nowhere to fertilize eggs ? 
  only way you can accidentally eat a chicken fetus , is froma free range farm , where chickens and roosters can freely breed together . 
  i do n't think lot of places let roosters freely mate with chickens , and roosters are sadly killed for meat before they are even fully grown . 
  i like how you like all of those , while i hate all of those . 
  life 's weird sometimes . 
  i can say that it will only get easier from there . 
  closing in on one year pretty soon myself . 
  in finland this is a true bane . 
  ca n't choose between letting them live or letting myself sleep . 
  that must be a bug , since luden 's is only suppose to proc from spell hits . 
  i like how you didi n't mention bard as an example . 
  twisted treeline definetly . 
  aram withreduced ammount , because aram is really different gamemode . 
  none from dominion , because people would just fam champion mastery there . 
  did it take rp from you ? 
  if it did , send a support ticket . 
  it 's the easiest way to solve these problems . 
  i suggest doing general item sets . 
  let 's say you are playing adc . 
  you will just need one item set where you add all of the adc items . 
  same works with mages , supports , tanks and assassins . 
  bruisers are more difficult , because they have really diverse items , but it would work too , by making same item sets for similar champions . 
  for example jax and poppy could use the same item set . 
  i have to say that vege is one of the easiest diets to loose weight with , as long as you still eat healthy . 
  plus it makes you feel lot better when you first start out . 
  i agree that his kit feels bit over loaded , but i would n't take out his cc . 
  being autoattack based melee assassin , you need something to hold your enemies in palce for a while , but i would n't make it a stun . 
  a snare would be enough , sicne he already has a slow + speed up from his passive . 
  yes , that would be one thing they could do , but the problem with lb is not that she can dash back quickly , it 's how quickly she reaches her target . 
  you are basicly dead if you get in her range with all her skills up and her range is insanely long . 
  lb needs the same nerf as zed plus something else . 
  why do we have so many posts about this ? 
  i think we all know it by now . 
  ekko = male version of riven confirmed . 
  both will even be as op, 
  zyra should be added to the lsit of champions that can cc themselfs, 
  most amazing feeling when your lane opponent tries to fight you and you just ewqw combo them < 3, 
  it wont be tiny for long , when faker gets going . 
  that is so accurate sadly . 
  thanks for correcting me, 
  but most people do n't even remember him anymore . 
  you can see them on the patcher . 
  i do n't get why are they doing this . 
  it would be really good for them to know how to play against some unusual team comps . 
  the health restore will be so good for her . 
  you can have that on 100 % of the time if you want to . 
  that would be great start to a story : `` she opens the dusty old door to [ insert creepy place here ] and sits on the lonely chair . '', 
  what did they buff on mantra q ? 
  notice that they removed the changes from the last pbe patch . 
  here you can see the current changes to karma that are on pbe, 
  who needs adc sona when we fucking have lulu and kayle ? 
  just think about kayle who can buff her attack speed and magic damage with her heal . 
  same for lulu . 
  she has free magic damage to her auto attacks from her passive and her shield cooldown is 10 seconds and that is the same was the life time of the buff on pbe, 
  that he has gone trough multiple times . 
  no it will not . 
  maybe to soloq , but not to lcs, 
  the last changes to karma were forcing her to support role , but they fixed them , but i still do n't understand why are they changing karma in the first place . 
  she was fine . 
  the soraka mains are coming !, 
  just joking !, 
  nobody mains soraka , but that change will still make her bit better with the heal restore on second tier coin . 
   i 'm not looking forward to ekko . 
  said noone ever, 
  while we are talking about ashe 's new q i would like to point out that morgana 's black shield blocks the damage from it . 
  atleast seems like it , but could be her passive slow . 
  if it is jsut the slow , i think we just found a morgana counter , since she can just auto attack black shield away . 
  yes . 
  just remembered the bard video . 
  we need something to continue from where it left off or something . 
  i bet that there would be lot of people in the league community who would be happy to write lore for this game for free , and it would probably be lot better than what we currently have . 
  and we got new , better lore for draven ready to go !, 
  if the problem is money , then i do n't get it . 
  i bet that our comunity has atleast some people with some sort of writing skill that would be happy to do it for free , just to be part of making this game . 
  if i had some writing skills , i would definetly write champion lores for riot for free . 
  praise yourselfs !, 
  money hungry riot is coming !, 
  but seriosly riot !, 
  please come here and take this idea and make tons of money so you can fix your problems . 
  or you could just write champion lores for riot for free , so we can finally have awesome lores again !, 
  i bet that some people would do that for free , jsut for love to this game ( or maybe if you give them some free skins they will . 
  they do n't cost you nothing . 
  i would definetly write lores for riot if they would give me free rp in return ),
