  s + pretty much requires you to have 0 deaths . 
  got one with janna with 0 deaths and 20 stacks on mejai 's, 
  atleast 2 or 3 . 
  one lucky s is not enough . 
  i got s with my first game with bard in the free week . 
  for collecting chimes i can give you some things to remember . 
  only collect chimes if they are close enough that the enemy lane wont have chance to kill your adc ( no more than 2 seconds out of lane ), 
  or if your adc is farming safely under tower or enemy lane is at base . 
  even then try to get some other usage of your chiming trip . 
  try to plan out the path you will take so you will ahve your bonus movement speed at all teh time and so you can maybe roam to mid lane or place some river wards . 
  never collect chimes from enemy jungle early game if you do n't know where the enemy jungler is !, 
  if you see them top lane you can go collect chimes from their jungle still remembering my chiming rules . 
  when doing that you should remember to place a deep ward while you are there . 
  it will help alot . 
  if you want to be a cool guy you can start w and place some health packs for your jungler and maybe one for your mid laner . 
  i like to place one under mid lane tower for mid laner and 2 for my jungler and then go back to base to get full mana . 
  he is better with magic pen because his ap scaling is pretty bad , but his meeps scale indefinetly with chimes . 
  i think so . 
  atleast when you win with near full hp on your nexus you get tons of ip . 
  also it 's fun from time to time . 
  i 'm just counting myself , him and 3 others . 
  am i only one who read car as cat and was horrified ? 
  would gorilla , humans find atractive , be actaully a human ? 
  what bad would be about having baby head ? 
  other than looking stupid , but the same thing would be with baby arms also . 
  i would probably take the head , because it would affect normal everyday life the least . 
  where can you create the portal ? 
  does it have to be place that you have visited ? 
  does it have a range ? 
  if it can be any place in the univers that i can think of , i will take the portal . 
  i create the other end of the portal somewhere on earth and other i create to a new planet where humans could survive . 
  whole new planet for humans . 
  you should rather create portal to closest earth like planet . 
  no need for building anything special . 
  but what if you create it on completly different planet ? 
  portal between two planets . 
  how far can the other end of the portal be ? 
  do i have to be there to create the portal ? 
  closest planet that is similar to earth . 
  now we have a whole new planet for ourselfes . 
  that is serverism . 
  same with all the nordics . 
  what is the point of playing on eune when there is nothing there for us ? 
  the ping is the same , we do n't have our language there ( not that any of us want that ) and there seems to be more people who speak english in euw . 
  there was still no point in splitting eu in half , but keeping the servers in the same place . 
  i just do n't get it . 
  they should buff euw . 
  it 's so under powered . 
  they should split euw in to 2 , because majority of europe , even if they live in area considered to be eune , play on euw . 
  it 's not the ping we complain about , nor the server stability . 
  we complain , because we are being seriously ignored by riot and they do n't even have the balls to admit it . 
  the ammount of games that i do n't get loss prevented to is also stupid . 
  he probably does n't play on the peak times . 
  i have game crashes very rarely and almost never get loss preventeds ( even tought sometimes i really believe i should , considering the ammount of lag i get sometimes . ), 
  i rarely mind the lag , i rarely mind the crashing , but when we are cast aside , i suffer . 
  do n't value by the ping . 
  value by the attention we get . 
  then you will see why we complain . 
  i hope this makes riot realise that we are their biggest server and they ca n't keep ignoring us . 
  `` players are complaining again '', 
  `` from what server and why ? '', 
  `` the eu west , sir , they say we are ignoring them completly '', 
  eu west . 
  well fuck them . 
  they are n't gon na do anything . 
  they are hooked to this game for life . 
  keep ignoring them and focus on na , lcs and making more skins '', 
  and they refuse to believe that we are their largest server , and keep ignoring us . 
  i miss that . 
  there are lots of things that have made it special over time . 
  they say that history is written by winners . 
  also my personal unpopular opinion about hitler : one of his goals was to help humans evolve as a species , but his ways of doing it were off by miles . 
  didi n't it get hit by lightning in one of the early episodes or was it ash ? 
  also ash already charged it with the bike dynamo earlier . 
  you got it wrong chronos is for him and not the other way around . 
  they should implement ip gifting . 
  it is really dumb that they put so much stuff in getting people to connect to facebook , that it 's not even real . 
  but they are doing it willingly , so why make them stop ? 
  if they want to get points by letting the other team win , when all the players have agreed then let them do it . 
  make it mystery pp skin and everyone would work as hard as they can . 
  why the fuck not ? 
  also , lot more people have summer vacation during july than june . 
  i really ca n't wait what you come up if and when you do another event like this . 
  that probably was a trick by them . 
  mundo is only 1350 ip compared to all the other champions being 6300 ip . 
  they do n't want to give 6300 ip champion plus a skin away for the whole player base . 
  i started maining morgana in season 5 fuck my life . 
  i had just got everything set up for ranked at the end of season 4 so i didi n't have time to climb . 
  got placed on silver 2 and stayed there . 
  maybe they played mid lane morgana or jungle morgana . 
  imagine how many points we would get if the skin was someone who people actually care about . 
  also lot of players that have jobs , get vacation in july . 
  that is long time with pretty much any champion . 
  i hope advanced bots are soemthing new riot is making . 
  after the ai change while back , intermediate bots are even stupider than before that . 
  they buy wards , but do n't place them and they just take up space in their inventories and sometimes block them from building items . 
  i would really like to see bots that are harder then intermediate bots , so you could test champions fort he first time in a bot game , so you do n't need to go fuck up with them in normals . 
  refunds for players who bought him and his on-release ultimate skin while he was available , wont be given . 
  it usually happens when you are still in the shop and click on the minimap to start walking already while you buy potions with your remaining gold, 
  source : happens to me nearly everytime .
