  yeah i do n't actually have any idea what his motive is :p, 
  i 've tried to do her as an animation , swithcing between forms , but could n't . 
  tf2 is kill . 
  i think they should do that , just to avoid hackers , since lmaobox is still a thing . 
  * that mole is not our mole !, 
  iron crow hou yi and orbital strike rama, 
  also solstice hel of course . 
  maybe mayans have some kinda of god/goddes of the jungle . 
  there is a goddes of forest/jungle in hinduism i think , who turns people into trees , if i do n't completly remember wrong . 
  also might not be a god . 
  he is . 
  but if they let f2p accounts play comp , there will be way more hackers . 
  the projectiles look so weird that they just feel harder to airblast than normal rockets . 
  loch is still annoying , because of the increased speed . 
  i think this would fit scout aswell . 
  if it could be consistently reproduced , it would be fixed . 
  it 's a rare bug , so it 's not worth it to disable gragas , since he is n't even the only champion with the bug , just the most played one . 
  how much would 0.1 % actually be out of lol 's playerbase ? 
  and then they would need to ad replay system so the bugs could be watched back . 
  everybody wins . 
  is twitch chat really a feature worth of advertising ? 
  you heard about the spaghetti ness-monster ? 
  lol 's code is a mess , so admin commands would probably break something , and that is why they are not in the game . 
  riot should seriously take time off from releasing anything and just fix/rebuild the entire code or we will jsut keep running into problems . 
  i seriously do not understand why riot does n't tkae time off from releasing new content so they could fix their code . 
  this game will fall a part , because the code for this game was never completly ready . 
  not a meme . 
  it 's an actual feature we need . 
  but not enough people to use it . 
  well then we have no idea . 
  i wonder if huni will run out of `` normal '' top laners before then . 
  how high . 
  assuming neither of you is over 100 years old , you being 100 means 100 % chance , 50 years is 50 % chance and so on . 
  one can dream of a perfect reality . 
  imagine the hype if origen beats skt in semis . 
  and either one winning , there will be one player with 2 championship victories !, 
  he wrote `` my face when when ... '', 
  garena basicly owns league of legends in that part of asia . 
  this does n't matter to me at all , but i truly support saving japan from garena . 
  i do n't care wich eu team wins . 
  either way there is going to be someone with double championship victory . 
  oh yeah i didi n't take the average age of a redditor in to count . 
  and now we can draw the conclusion that he is older than you . 
  they are afraid that they will break it even more , because lol 's code is horrible . 
  i would say 7, 
  then they might aswell increase the levels to 10 and give us a special recolor for the champion when we hit level 10 with it . 
  one can dream . 
  make the feature +18 only , because no one ever lies about their age on internet anyways . 
  the jungle monster icons would be free , because they normally cost rp . 
  one can dream of eu vs eu finals . 
  nothing too impressive . 
  someone did the math . 
  even 0.1 % of the players using it to find bugs would be way more then riot 's current team . 
  the tango one would kinda work with [ this ] ( http://krolkushi.deviantart.com/art/here-comes-the-bride-all-dead-and-white-sp-481708505?ga_submit_new=10%253a1410461523 ), 
  archer 's shoot from the side their dominant eye is on usually , so we really ca n't know which hand is her dominant one :p, 
  also she could take out other gun when he uses her steroid . 
  place it far away, 
  cleansing your whole team out of hades ult as hel, 
  boxing someone as hel , and healing just before the last auto , then killing them . 
  we do n't have gladiator batles anymore because we have movies and video games . 
  if a comment has 0 or -1 , people often downvote without thinking :(, 
  yeah that mostly changes hp bars, 
  the left one, 
  it 's basicly the same thing . 
  either way we like to watch people kllling or beating each other up . 
  buy beads , dodge his pull . 
  and how is this relevant ? 
  sol 's damage is too high in my opinion . 
  her escape in my opinion is pretty balanced , since it 's not instant get-away card . 
  it 's sad becasue the first time players meet draft pick in smite , is in leagues . 
  the downside of being famous for trolling, 
  just the way i like it, 
  would n't mind seeing more like this, 
  fists not unwelcome to u/mrterribleartist 's ass . 
  noted, 
  as u/photomanifold said , hirez most likely wants mages out of solo lane . 
  but how can they know that ? 
  i think they could atleast fix the colors to be the same . 
  every possible fwotd against real people counts . 
  there is a goddes in smite , who is similar to leona in appereance , and tough she only has only ~ ~ one ~ ~ two cc abilities , one of them is often considered to be one of the best . 
  her name is athena . 
  her first ability is a dash that slows enemies hit and grants her block stacks . 
  her second ability is her cc , a cone taunt that forces enemies hit to attack her , and also forcing them to walk towards her if she is out of their range for up to 2.05 seconds . 
  her thid ability is damage around her in a circle , and damage again in the same place after few seconds . 
  for ultimate , she can select an ally god to teleport to after a small channel , giving them bonus resistances while doing so . 
  she is your option , if you want someone who looks and feels like leona . 
  hel would n't order anything , because she ca n't decide which one to order . 
  medusa would order for each of her snakes . 
  sol would order damage , and then ask for more . 
  ratataskor : `` got nuts ? '', 
   some damage . 
  more please !, 
  we do n't need new new wa . 
  we wo n't see an assassin meta again , unless thwre is a hyper carry meta and assassins are buffed . 
  i do n't think that lot of people mind that tough . 
  summoner spells in general are horribly balanced between each other . 
  the meta for which summoner spells to take is so set in stone , that some people will report you for not following it . 
  flash being standard for 90 % of the champions , rest of them taking ghost or in rare cases neither of those . 
  it 's pretty much always an escape summoner spell and another one depending on the role . 
  adcs take heal 90 % of the time .
