  if you want you can get both and switch . 
  3 point and click spells and one steroid ftw, 
  xerath and lux are way to dependant on skillshots . 
  annie would be so much better compared to them , as she is 450 champion and new players can actually buy her quite fast . 
  none of these . 
  too skillshot dependant . 
  runes must be either completly free , or better removed all together . 
  runes are the biggest problem in this game . 
  more players = more profit generally . 
  would preventing new players from build ashe as a tank enforce the meta ? 
  actually the lower hp you get , the less damage everything deals to you in the tutorial, 
  you can decide wich banners you want . 
  if you kill the `` banner mob '' while he is dead it will work like it would when he is alive . 
  banner npc . 
  keep counting 2 2, 
  i would actually like to have paid dlc for terraria , just so i could support the game more . 
  til you can get some terraria yo-yos irl, 
  rare fishing drop is quicker to get ? 
  if you have corruption world you can easily kill the eow, 
  it has . 
  it 's even in the wiki page of dryad . 
  that would become annoying most likely . 
  i have none of the fishing accessories yet ... 
  what they need to do with dominion is that they need to amke it feel as exciting as the ascension gamemode . 
  but then you took stinger to the knee ? 
  and blindpick = no bans = new champions are not permabanned , like ekko for example . 
  i wonder what would happen if galio got a bug making him unplayble ... 
  make a summoner icon for being active on pbe and the pbe forums . 
  but sites like surrenderat20 digging trough all the changes kinda helps with finding bugs etc. 
  it should be for long anymore tough , am i right ? 
  well , it 's better than nothing . 
  paperbag headed fiora, 
  because riot does n't give a fuck about pbe, 
  to add counterplay to morgana , i need to start missing my bindings and the timing of my e . this idea is genius !, 
  well , i live in europe , so ido n't think that 's needed :d, 
  eu servers are i the same place . 
  it honestly does n't make much sense . 
  you forgot ryze . 
  the most combo intensive champion in the game . 
  there really is n't moba that is so similar to lol that most players would switch . 
  stop drinking and bathing then problem solved, 
  you have already seen . 
  you just didi n't know who they were . 
  sure they were n't gumballs ? 
  protest in front of the protestors about their protest !, 
  that combo is horrible . 
  where are all the auto attacks ? 
  estonian is such an interesting language from a finnish point of view . 
  in finnish , we use completly opposite adjectives of a word to make it more meaningfull :, 
  `` hirve\u00e4n kaunis '' actuallu means `` very beutifull '' , but seperetly they mean : `` horribly '' and `` beautifull '' ,, 
  horribly beatifull . 
  this is not right grammar , but it is often used in speech . 
  i learned to speak english so easily , because i can `` hear '' when i 'm using wrong word or when i 'm missing one . 
  i believe that that is the reason i have not had this problem . 
  and that is why you do n't use google tranlate with certain languages . 
  i dare you to translate one sentence to finnish correctly with google translate . 
  oh the swedish names for relatives . 
  as a finn , my favorite is cusin and different forms of it . 
  ( replace the c with a k and translate to finnish ), 
  what does wc stand for ? 
  til i do n't speak canadian, 
  til there is a name for the white stuff under orange peel in english . 
  i have tried hots , but i really do n't like it at all . 
  if league didi n't exist , i would be playing smite . 
  we can not not . 
  we must can . 
  you have your heaven . 
  where is my hell ? 
  there needs to be alternative game for that to happen , a game that is easier to get into than dota2 . 
  hots is pretty easy to get into , but i do n't think that an average league player would switch to it . 
  lots of lcs players disagree on this subject . 
  they think the opposite : `` oh , you have n't practised in sandbox mode to get all your spell rotations , flashes and skillshots to be perfect ? 
  fucking noob , go play bot games '', 
  but riot thinks that adding sandbox mode would make it expected to practise in sandbox mode to get to any decent rank , and that in my opinion is n't all that bad . 
  if you are willing to spend time practising in a sandbox mode you will improve and climb in ranks . 
  riot 's reason not to add it is just stupid . 
  same sentance translated to finnish :, 
  here is what it would be correctly translated :, 
  the problem with google translate and finnish is that it does n't detect context . 
  correct translation translated to english with google :, 
   terrible monkeys often drink wine with their meals , usually associated with cannibalism, 
  tl : dr google translate does n't work correctly with finnish . 
  that 's the point . 
  riot reasoning is just wrong . 
  next step : baron buff and zz portal . 
  people withn ot so good computers get massive lags when there are all those minions . 
  zz ` rots portal to finish it off . 
  the gold item is really strong and fun to use aswell . 
  i spammed games with nami support buying that item . 
  they must be better than intermidiet bots . 
  give the opposing team doombots and the players team beginner bots . 
  just bots . 
  endless ammoutns of bots . 
  `` i miss my kind '' - skarner, 
  let 's make #shitriotsays a thing . 
  in my opinion hots has similar feel as dota , but being bit smoother , atleast for me . 
  i do n't like either game tough . 
  if someone just wants a really fair company , i would higly recomend smite . 
  easily the most generous developers . 
  free gems ( their rp ) , nothing outside of a game that can affect who wins ( runes or masteries etc. ),
