  it seems though that she will be busy training at braavos . 
  but the point here is not letting them bully people to afk to abuse the system . 
  it 's never good to go afk . 
  there is always something you can do . 
  if nothing else , they 'll have to kill one person more . 
  all year you are just saying : `` i wish it was x already '', 
  sucks living in a place , where all the seasons suck . 
  i 'm a mid lane main , but i 'm not sure what my secondary role should be . 
  my second best role is support , but i ca n't put it as my secondary , since i would never get to play mid . 
  top lane would be a good option , but i do n't have champions to play top lane . 
  my champion pool is very limited to mages and supports . 
  i would need some bruisers or tanks to use there , when i ca n't use a mage top lane . 
  for adc , my mechanics are n't good enough . 
  i 'm somewhat interested in playing jungle , but i 'm just a terrible jungler . 
  no fear of eternal damnation when you have no soul !, 
  it 's a much like eggwhite, 
  yeah , that 's what i 've been doing , but sometimes , when my team has an ap mid and an ap or tank jungler , i will need to play an ad champion . 
  or get fucked by that guy . 
  whatever floats your boat . 
  if i was already gay , am i extra gay now or do the two cancel each other out . 
  pic of your profile as a proof . 
  he was ridiculous . 
  they should tweak him for next time . 
  either mtf or fmt is fine for starting out . 
  only 8 years ? 
  i usually snare for 3 decades, 
  they 've learned, 
  is this on the wrong sub ? 
  why would * anyone * choose to be gay when it only makes their life harder, 
  i could n't watch the video at the moment . 
  i confused it with another video from just a quick look at first few seconds . 
  my bad :d, 
  anivia with double q proc and e. 
  ahri with charm and q, 
  i have tried for swaps some times , but down at the gates of gold at silver i to ii , people willing to give up mid lane for support are rare . 
  well sansa is like the nicest character in the series , but i feel like she 'll shake that off this season . 
  clearly nationalism . 
  burn the xenophobe !, 
  if morgana is strong , thresh is going to be worse . 
  there are counters to a good thresh , but to a good bard , there are little counters , because a good bard can roam effectively and get mid lane fed as well . 
  but most importain thing about being a one trick pony is enjoying the champion , so you can keep playing it , without becoming bored . 
  yes . 
  saunas were invented by the swedish , as torture devices for finns , who were unholy and all posessed by demons . 
  saunas were ment to drive the evil away , but the bond between finns and their demons was favorable to the both parties involved , and they could n't be separated through the swedish torture devices . 
  we then took them as our own , and now going to sauna is a sacred thing . 
  we do it regularly because it strengthens our demons . 
  we take good care of them , and they help us not freeze . 
  we feed them m\u00e4mmi ( it was ment for demons all along . 
  that 's why no one likes it ) . 
  if you have any questions , then please ask . 
  perhaps wait for rework , but you can start playing him already , because i do n't believe that they will change his playstyle too much . 
  you should n't think about `` is it worth it '' when deciding if you should or should n't main a champion . 
  you should instead ask : `` do i like this champion enough to keep playing it and not become bored '', 
  which balances her . 
  her q is on a short cooldown . 
  every single annie skin triggers me . 
  is this league of anime now ? 
  it 's the face . 
  she looks dead inside . 
  safari caitlyn . 
  that change was just : `` now with more tits '', 
  i think he means dorne area . 
  or perhaps they are tired of dressing up all the time . 
  he looks like he is done with everything in life . 
  sweden is real . 
  finland is actually just east-sweden . 
  the concept of finland was invented by russia . 
  finns are n't people to begin with . 
  we are humans posessed by demons . 
  they give us the ability to endure such extreme heat in saunas and cold in the winter . 
  also m\u00e4mmi is ment as food for the demons . 
  that 's why no human likes it . 
  i have probably only seen that skin 3 or 4 times . 
  that is also the number of times i 've seen sivir . 
  are you complaining about not getting a victorious skin , because you ca n't climb to gold ? 
  just shows how irrelevant mastery 5 is . 
  they should add atleast 5 more . 
  mastery 10 should be at million mastery points . 
  i remember hearing random voices one game . 
  because i do n't play twitch , i did n't know they were his quotes . 
  i thought that maybe riot was hinting a new champion . 
  super creepy . 
  i would like to have the final mastery level bbe really high , so reaching it would * really * mean something , so that you would have to be scared when facing someone with it . 
  yes , the new champion select that replaced draft pick . 
  i do n't think you should even be able to play with the chroma , since you refunded the skin . 
  the chroma should be automaticly refunded aswell . 
  morgana does pretty well . 
  only problem is the tanks , but morgana can get liandry 's to deal with them . 
  morgana mid is all about farming mid lane . 
  she ca n't usually win lane , unless the enemy positions badly . 
  that 's why i run tp . 
  a level 6 gank to bot lane is deadly . 
  they are the worst . 
  bunch of greedy bastards, 
  are they a human race ? 
  would they geneticly classify as humans ? 
  i would like a champion with no activatable abilities , and just 5 passives . 
  stealing baron with rfc headshot cait basic attack is the best for sure . 
  i see galio more often in the store error message that in game, 
  so , if you were to go to shurima from ionia through freljord , and if valoran has similar altitudes as earth , ionia would have to be further north than freljord , because shurima is a desert and most likely towards the south .
