  but battles do n't mean anything if you betray your allies, 
  i 'm younger than that movie and i still got that reference, 
  call my name and save me from the dark, 
  little high , little low, 
  he backed out on the deal he made with the freys and thought that he would get out trouble free . 
  can jungle vines be turned into corrupt vines , or has my time of surrounding the jungle with hay been total waste ? 
  you might aswell get the same ammount of blocks , that look better than grey bricks , atleast in my opinion . 
  crimson . 
  it looks better . 
  corruption is way too dark , and in my opinion , ugly, 
  only way platforms and npcs mix together is when platforms are used as doors . 
  there 's a block where the chandelier is hanging . 
  that should n't break the ceiling in any way, 
  i just end up making my spawn a flatland for bosses and stuff, 
  you should test if jungle vines can be corrupted and if it can spread that way, 
  yeah , i really feel like having to mine for all the ores makes the pre-hardmode really grindy, 
  a weapon that deals area damage , and a weapon that deals single target damage . 
  magic weapons are often good for aoe , melee weapons or guns or bows are good for single target damage, 
  as i said , i have been surrounding my jungle in hay , since it 's an easy junk block to get . 
  an option to link worlds together through oceans , so you could `` travel '' from a continent to another, 
  a summoner weapon that is easier to get early on into the game . 
  the current `` first '' summoner weapon is also the rarest weapon in the game . 
  ocean temples . 
  i would switch if i could , because i 'm a hipster and team mystic is too mainstream, 
  send a request , but seems that they are n't accepting requests for more pokestops right now ... 
  perhaps they should move some clustered pokestops to make people actually have to move to get them, 
  i submitted my nearby store/bank/hairdresser / kafe , since i ca n't bring myself to suggest a pokestop on my own house, 
  i bet that lots of people are abusing the system aswell which sucks for people who actually lack pokestops, 
  hey !, 
  you !, 
  return my pokestops !, 
  you clearly stole them all , since i only have one, 
  i raise you my caterpies and for some reason , drowzees, 
  then you are a fat lazy nerd, 
  make it so that there is a limit to loot in each area , and just distribute it evenly among all the pokestops, 
  but you are forgetting something . 
  there is a way to change this . 
  do n't cluster 10 pokestops in a way that you can get all of them at once , and distribute them more widely , so people actually have to walk . 
  yeah it 's totally fair that someone can sit by their computer reaching 3 pokestops which with good luck can have lures on them pretty much always . 
  totally fair, 
  my pokestops are pretty shitty for hanging out . 
  one is a library : closed for summer . 
  other one is a church . 
  should i go sit in a parking lot , or in the graveyard ? 
  yeah i agree , fix the servers and crashes first , but after that , they should look into this . 
  where do you get lucky eggs ? 
  pokestops ? 
  in that case , i 'm fucked, 
  how is it their fault ? 
  you think they were purposely trying to break it ? 
  yeah perhaps , but could have been some kind of an accident , i doubt their plan was to break it, 
  welp that sucks , since it 's not working on my phone, 
  this is a beautiful loop, 
  you misunderstood . 
  it 's individual . 
  every player can get as much loot in the area . 
  my suggestion is making it so that multiple pokestops in the same place have less value on their own , and pokestops that are pretty much alone with no others around are more valuable . 
  my suggestion would mean that lone pokestops yield more stuff , than a pokestop that 's part of a cluster . 
  let 's say that there are 4 pokestops in one area , and in another area there is only one . 
  let 's let 's say that they decide that an x amount is a good amount of poke balls for a single spin . 
  the lone pokestop gives x amount of poke balls per spin then . 
  each pokestop in the cluster of four gives one fourth of x, 
  that actually was my reason for answering no, 
  i doubt that she can pass on any name anymore, 
  he might not care if people die in the process, 
  from what i 've hear philippine guy seems even more extreame, 
  the death part, 
  because grrm made tywin a political genius, 
  i doubt it, 
  solo lane self heals are strong , we have seen that multiple times . 
  and soraka, 
  they literally made her a healbot , that is only really viable as a support . 
  i loved the old soraka , as a support or a solo laner . 
  i think they should have done something different rather than giving her the ability to spam her heal, 
  zyra : number of seeds planted , number of plants grown , number of plants enraged, 
  play zyra and one shot her after 6, 
  what is your summoner name so that i can report you to riot ? 
  are we doing [ these ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ove9wf1.mp4 ) ? 
  yup . 
  aoe heal on soraka sounds about right, 
  i liked her ability to solo lane . 
  she does n't have that now . 
  also , pre-rework she was a lot more fun to play , now it feels like you are just throwing qs to heal yourself while spamming your heal to keep your carry topped off . 
  it just does n't feel the same . 
  let 's take the ark and get the fuck away . 
  these people are insane . 
  perhaps noah had the right idea ... 
  i will use morgana 's black chroma until exiled gets the ability effects it deserves, 
  is that human 1,05 meters tall ? 
  average height is around 180 cm , 1,8 meters . 
  2 meters is pretty tall . 
  there will be a lot of posts like this, 
  now just waiting for the human potato ... 
  that was a great comic, 
  also , one of the women has std , suddenly everyone has std, 
  both . 
  i do n't know how the children would feel if you told them : you wre given birth by a cow . 
  then we ate that cow . 
  but are n't individual sperm cells already male or female , would n't the sperm cells that are male die ? 
  if the fetus was male , it would die,
