  you are n't suppose to get all the icons , just the ones for champions that you play alot . 
  there really should n't be passive gw . 
  gw should be in a form of an active item , so when you go to fight swain for example , you use the active , so he ca n't heal for the duration , or something like that . 
  they should flip the right side , so it 's like in spectator mode . 
  easier to compare kda and cs, 
  q is now a skillshot . 
  i love this . 
  this was my only real complaint about the whole hud . 
  thank you , riot . 
  umm ... those links do n't work . 
  do n't you realise that it was a joke ? 
  and i actullay would like for it to be a skillshot . 
  there is so much more you can do with skillshots , that you ca n't do with point and click spells, 
  one word : china, 
  that is pretty good find . 
  i really hope we can have him as permanent anouncer . 
  video or image ? 
  but if it was a skillshot , they could give it more power , than when it 's point and click . 
  if these card were real , dr.balanced would most likely mean dr.mundo, 
  clearly all reworked champions will die from now on . 
  you are next , fiora . 
  i got a enchanted sword shrine on surface . 
  i can post proof if you want . 
  or maybe infinite well fed buff generetor ? 
  oh that 's genius . 
  and when near water , you can wash ( craft ) the color off . 
  i wish i could build simplified bases like this , but things always get messy , when i need to make room for new npcs, 
  1 . start making a house, 
  2 . pretend that you are building a spaceship while building the house, 
  i have had problems with npc housing recently . 
  my guide deiced that he wanted to live in the same house as my dryad , and he kept stealing her house whenever he respawned . 
  you got a screenshot ? 
  yeah i know . 
  but in my opinion if these cards were real dr. balanced would refer to dr. mundo . 
  if you do n't have 8 damage on one turn , he is just going to get all his health back . 
  it 's really strong card considering it has taunt aswell . 
  i 'll probably start new world alltogether , because i 'm almost out of surface jungle in my current world . 
  when i get the steampunker , i 'll buy the clementinetor and remove all of the corruption/crimson from the world and create artificial contained biomes for them , because jungle is really hard to get back , once it has been corrupted . 
  reddit probably should have userbio that you can edit . 
  and in what way is that releted to this topic ? 
  terraria natural map art using different lighting tricks ? 
  alien attack uniting all nations ? 
  that 's far from what would happen . 
  some nations would want to make peace with them , others kill them and some would deny their existance, 
  nothing is more confusing than rd, 
  would n't the most people healed in one life cap at 23 if you do n't play on servers with 32 slots ? 
  11 teammates and 12 disguised spies . 
  my shortstop needs this . 
  people keep stealing my points while i reload . 
  for all we know , spy 's head might still be there . 
  that 's a scout ? 
  10/10 would watch, 
  i ship it '', 
  but kids do n't know that . 
  i have heard it multiple times recently . 
  i just do n't remember it during a game . 
  people not voting no when there is no obivous reason . 
  people voting no to kicking spammers , cheaters etc. 
  people calling useless useless scramble votes . 
  servers without any kind of voting system . 
  may i ask , why ? 
  withou nislt the glitch would most likely still be in the game . 
  my new love . 
  this map is amazingly well balanced . 
  games tend to last long , so winning is very rewarding . 
  i wish i had 24/7 server that i could play this map on . 
  i love koth maps in general and viaduct feels like a really balanced one . 
  i also really like the snowy theme they have there . 
  also it is great map for spy . 
  pipeline is really cool looking map . 
  someone would accidentally find out . 
  it would stay within a smalk group and they continue to ruin games . 
  oh i forgot . 
  some nations might think them as gods . 
  dropped one h there . 
  i just run trough them . 
  ` look up to the sky and see ', 
  it 's not dr spy , if they are dead when you press tab . 
  watch the kill feed for sentries going down or lot of your team mates dying . 
  if half of your team suddenly dies , you most likely should back off . 
  listen . 
  if you hear a sentry , call it out few times . 
  it got fixed . 
  it affected shortstop aswell . 
  solo or multiplayer ? 
  suck my face !, 
  or lick it . 
  your choice . 
  pay to win comments incoming . 
  now to my opinion about runes : fuck runes !, 
  i would n't mind them getting removed from the game . 
  my dog would do this , if she could, 
  immortalityand that way never dying . 
  go to your email and search for ` league of legends ' or ` riot games ', 
  find the verification email . 
  seeds . 
  if they only prioritized the right kind of planter box , when one is available . 
  swain rework sauce ? 
  what the fuck ? 
  go for the mask .
