  that weapon is a beast . 
  i have been using it with bootlegger and i 've got great results . 
  autobalance does n't affect that tough . 
  waht about kriegsmaschine-9000 and shaman 's skull for medic ? 
  the kriegsmachine atleast looks really awesome , and shaman 's skull is basicly just bit creepier version of blighted beak . 
  also the shaman 's skull . 
  it 's the pyromancer 's skull , but for medic . 
  someone flipped out at me on youtube comment section for saying that there are two genders and sub genders in between those two . 
  then i continued to move on with my life , because it was youtube comment section . 
  it has a bit different effect . 
  by readon from right to left you end in the dog just sitting in the burning house , wich in my opinion is bit more dramatic , just watching him stay there, 
  why double spies or heavies ? 
  and qf is banned in 6s i believe . 
  as someone who plays lots of sticky only demo , this . 
  not being able to predict where and when someone is going to be has cost me so many kills . 
  interesting that dota fortress had the most viewers . 
  does this tell as what msoto f the community wants to watch when it comes to competitive ? 
  mostly cases . 
  if they do more contracts , i really want less cases . 
  i already bought the pass , and you want me to buy keys on top of that ? 
  oh yeah , cloack worksin medieval mode, 
  i personally usethe skullcutter or the half-zatoizi, 
  why the pyromania ? 
  not really . 
  most bullies do n't care that it 's wrong to hurt someone . 
  they are just flat out stupid, 
  some people find it fun to be an asshole , no matter what happens to people they are asshole to . 
  some people are flat out stupid . 
  end of story . 
  be an asshole enough , until the guy flipped out . 
  both of the options are wrong , so he is a loser either way . 
  i think he knew since someone was filming, 
  or how about they just order them online or make their own, 
  get pushed over by someone : `` stop fighting him ! '', 
  inb4 this becomes a trend, 
  runeglaive all over again . 
  assuming that support ez is n't already a thing, 
  i 've met people who do not realise that they are being assholes or hurting someone , even if you tell them . 
  you * will * garden my garden , or i 'll make you garden it until your hands are bleeding from gardening my garden !, 
  when you activate the mmmph you gain 100 % headshot rate . 
  i 'm just getting pictures , no text . 
  have n't been paying attenton if they were the right weapons . 
  and randomazer or a variation of that , becomes the halloween gamemode . 
  and maybe not map specific either . 
  gamemode specific ? 
  on top of the boxtrot , while being abducted by aliens . 
  they wont feel anything anymore . 
  but is it a dog dog ? 
  i want winter/fall zyra, 
  that could be done with male champions aswell, 
  yasuo would do aswell, 
  it 's bullet proof , but not tooth proof, 
  i votes for third degree buff , but with that i mean that it should get a downside aswell with that buff . 
  the current upside is way too sitsuational, 
  yes . 
  there are people who think that quickiebomb needs a buff ? 
  that weapon is not underpowered , some would even consider it op . 
  i use mainly it , and i can say that it is pretty strong, 
  is baby stealing that common occurance there ? 
  you can clean it just fine . 
  it 's also less likely to be hurt , because there is skin where there should be . 
  most people can shower daily, 
  i would n't mind if all religions were equally illegal tough, 
  is brainwashing illegal ? 
  in some maps , adding for example 24 more entities might go over the entity cap . 
  why ? 
  why ? 
  why ? 
  only way to make life easier is to become stronger, 
  it does n't affect the game that much, 
  it does n't affect the game that much, 
  it does n't affect the game that much, 
  morgana 's and janna 's ultimates . 
  that would cause more harm than it would prevent, 
  and them getting out to eat something . 
  your job as a sniper is to shoot the flies . 
  ca n't wait to never have this in finland, 
  that 's exactly what i mean . 
  and if there would be plants on the roof in the spring all the melting snow would just get trapped on the roofs as water . 
  `` the government is not required to actively conceal the fact that abortions are available in other countries . '', 
  so they are allowed to conceal the fact that abortions are available in other countries . 
  they just do n't have to do so . 
  `` we ca n't handle them like humans , because they clearly are not humans '', 
  i just started wondering , has someone been kicked out of all-boys or all-girls school , because they came out as transgendered ? 
  just one of the reasons all - [ insert gender here ] schools should not exist in modern age . 
  some religious schools were doing that , but then `` god told them it was wrong '' when they were about to loose their goverment tax benefits or something like that . 
  that 's some bad wording if that is what the actual law says . 
  brb checking my comment history, 
  do you atleast post about shark farts ? 
  and now i ca n't sleep at night . 
  or they randomly switch the side the x is on so you accidentally watch the add again . 
  and try to automaticly direct you to your bookmarks ... 
  `` i can be what ever you want me to be , babe '', 
  i know no reason why the wtc treason should ever be forgot, 
  just easier to have pens to give people than them assuming that you just do n't want to give them a pen . 
  they ca n't hear . 
  they have visual ways to communicate with each other . 
  they might be able to speak , but what is the point if they are both deaf ? 
  both . 
  compared to the population , finland aparently has the same ammount .
