  some of them may think they chose to not be gay by not acting on their desires , and that homosexuals are just choosing to live the `` sinful lifestyle '', 
  in subreddits over certain ammount of subscribers i believe, 
  boobs are a one thing . 
  they are big and scary . 
  i think that most people do n't like smelly guys , me included . 
  and i think i could n't date a non-op trans guy either . 
  not to be rude , but i doubt they could sufficiently * fulfill * my desires ... 
  just need to try harder . 
  perhaps it will work !, 
  they were just sleeping for a while . 
  then woke up , finished that bottle of vodka and is now looking for more . 
  i do n't know what i mean by this . 
  it just sounds like what russia would do . 
  and they need to unite with / r/austria, 
  they were n't paying attention , because thw teacher was a woman, 
  trained does n't equal armed, 
  no way that 's going to happen, 
  finland is n't a part of nato though . 
  nsfw, 
  pretty sure there is a polandball about that exact situation, 
  did you just sexually objectify me ? 
  in a huge dump of leaked adresses i assume, 
  i had to finish and audiobook , which i had barely started . 
  17 hours of it left ( seriously ) i had the time to do it , but that would have ment non-stop listening for 17 hours and not sleeping while having to leave for school at 7 am for 9 hours ( including travel time ) . 
  ended up switching to a shorter book , which was only around 4 hours . 
  still did n't end up listening it all the way until a minute before our teacher came to let us in the class where we had to write an essay about it . 
  nailed it . 
  it 's even worse if you are writing it on a computer . 
  i 've pretty much had to uninstal all my games , because otherwise i ca n't get anything done . 
  somehow i imagined you as an 80 year old lady , who is just like a regular old knitting grandmother to her grandchildren , but once they leave changes to all black , let 's her hair down , turns the volume to max and starts headbanging with the music . 
  nothing , since i have n't been invited anywhere, 
  it 's weird , since my internal dialogue is mostly in english , until there 's that one word which i ca n't remember and i 'll stop to think , sometimes even to look up the word i want to use . 
  other times it just gets replaces with a finnish word , which annoys me . 
  my internal dialogue also refers to me as us or we , or sometimes refers to me as ` you ' . 
  as if it was a seperate entity . 
  i also have these kinds pf geometrical mind games . 
  often about how would a straight line reflect from each surface . 
  i just like to see how far could it go without running into itself . 
  related , i often find myself pretending to be doing a youtube video . 
  it 's like the weirdest thing , since i 've never done youtube , but yet i have ` recorded ' bunch of videos in my mind, 
  i began inventing a language . 
  i have no idea what would i use it for , or why i did it and i probably will never get around continuing it . 
  i got a lot of the basics down though . 
  open zipper is a fashion choice for me . 
  it looks better . 
  so i 'm the offemder aswell as the victim . 
  should i arrest myself and proceed to inact death penalty on myself, 
  one word : fairy-type, 
  i do n't get why some people pick their starter purely based on the type . 
  for me it 's all about the aesthetics . 
  gen2 cyndoquil , gen3 mudkip ( until oras , because i think the mega evolution looks dumb ) gen4 piplup ( it 's a penguin what more can i say ? ), 
  and with things like spotify , you do n't even need to put music there and cloud storage takes care of pictures . 
  all i want is more room for apps, 
  music or photos actually on your phone ? 
  what is this ? 
  the renesance ? 
  spotify or similar takes care of music and cloud storage takes care of photos , yet i 'm still running out of space , because of apps , which ca n't be moved to the sd card ... 
  my phone decided , that i do n't need half of my 8gb storage , and is using 4gb for system data . 
  something is seriously wrong with my phone ... 
  and facebook app , if i remember correctly , takes up tons of room . 
  how to get modded 101, 
  also it 's missing the spirit claw part completly, 
  it would be fun if forbidden healing was a priest card . 
  turn 10 : 16 damage from hand with two cards , or 20 with one , if you already have an auchenai on the board . 
  in decks of people who think it 's a good card ^ ^ ^ ^ for ^ ^ ^ ^ example ^ ^ ^ ^ my ^ ^ ^ ^ old ^ ^ ^ ^ priest ^ ^ ^ ^ deck, 
  you have to take into account that priest already has great removal with the shadow word cards . 
  the biggest problem will be a lack of board clear once excavated evil rotates out . 
  just in general more shadowfrom synergy :, 
  `` battlecry : enter shadowform , if already in shadowform do x '', 
  or something like that . 
  are you under cover ? 
  hey !, 
  it 's me , your roommates friend !, 
  does ` never ' count as ` awhile ' ? 
  why would you post this ? 
  being gay myself , my goal has been wanting and trying tobbe less masculine and more feminine, 
  i have a crush on my straight best friend ( i know it 's hopeless , but i ca n't help it ) . 
  he did the shirt behind neck for me once , because he wanted to show progress of his abs . 
  he has no idea ... 
  y u do dis . 
  though , if you are going to do it in shower , i would n't recommend oil , since it makes the floor terribly slippery . 
  i 'm just mad at myself for not making mistakes like these . 
  i do n't think i 'll be able to come out at school . 
  well atleast one of my friends knows , and he keeps throwing it out there without even thinking about it . 
  my straight friend is better at coming out than me . 
  `` do you not believe in our lord and savior , the fabulous unicorn lucifer ? 
  god of gays and rainbows ? '', 
  in finnish it 's either sucking dick or `` suihinotto '' and a straoght translation would be ` take in to mouth ', 
  checked reddit for recomendations . 
  most people said thijs . 
  i kinda like the old card backs being un-available, 
  and then they would patch it , and you need to re-instal again . 
  you have a huge memory on your phone ... 
  i do n't have 10gb to begin with ... 
  well my phone has some problems ... system data is around 4gb , taking up half of my storage ... 
  i would have 32gb sd card , but that 's barely used since almost nothing can be moved there anymore . 
  but some things would be just ridiculously broken , that it would n't be fun playing against them . 
  i would love to play infinite snare lock morgana because i 'm mean like that . 
  but she will get new plant friends tho !, 
  zyra seriously needs a new skin , that 's for sure .
