  \\* snap !, 
  goodbye then, 
  the likely theory is that mercy was originally a german doctor who moved to switzerland , since that 's apparently common . 
  medic 's personality is literally the only thing i miss from tf2 . 
  that and also hats . 
  she 's just a selfish bitch . 
  now you are thinking with portals !, 
  reinhardt holding up his ahield while nano boosted . 
  low hp teammate walks into a widow mine and then runs off to find a health pack and dies on the way there . 
  no one turns around while mercy is screaming like a kitten getting tortured . 
  low hp enemies all run in different directions to look for health packs . 
  you are close to having ult , but a teammate decides to pick up a health kit instead of letting you heal them . 
  for fucks sake let me keep you alive or i 'll personally murder you . 
  do medic . 
  it 's great . 
  let me keep you alive for fucks sake . 
  get your ass in my line of sight so you do n't die or i 'm personally going to murder you . 
  `` ze healing is not as revarding as ze hurting '', 
  well maybe max 's with the hongkong cone, 
  i do n't have a sister : _ :, 
  i 'll definetly try that, 
  went to turkey lsst spring . 
  one site i could n't acces was a finnish tabloid iltasanomat . 
  i just found it funny since the name can , and often is , shortened to is, 
  well some of their articles about sex etc. 
  are pretty explicit . 
  do n't ask why i know this ... 
  but we hate speaking it more than the french hate speaking english . 
  let 's just speak english . 
  and living in a foreign country , you 'll learn the language overtime, 
  `` have you heard about the miracle of elisa saunalahti prices ? '', 
  read in a disgustingly heavy finnish accent . 
  the queen watches you fap . 
  just like the celing cat , just more royal . 
  i have no idea . 
  do n't ya dare !, 
  even that 's really weird though, 
  so spanking is legal until you film it ? 
  what a bizarre goverment you have ... 
  ban thinking of murder ? 
  [ ceiling cat ] ( http://thumbpress.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/01/ceiling-cat-630x401.jpg ), 
  and yet you did n't even find the shift key or caps lock . 
  i thought it was the plague . 
  it 's not as nice if you show it to yourself . 
  kind of the same thing as with masturbation . 
  it 's never as good when you do it yourself, 
  they could end up somewhere else if you would let me help . 
  hoping you do n't ejaculate too quickly, 
  well , yeah . 
  would n't want the fun to end too fast , right ? 
  ca n't let perfectly good and nutritious sperm go to waste now can we . 
  do n't know if you are still doing these , but :, 
  * fight * by the dirty youth . 
  well that 's just you ... 
  i got one half accidentally by finishing off a sombra with a sinhle shot then throwing a grenade on the point to heal my teammates , but it ended up getting two killing blows . 
  needless to say that it was a pretty slow game . 
  correct !, 
  `` we gave them away !, 
  we do n't want them back ! '', 
  and yes , u know this joke is n't completly accurate in this sitsuation , since they did n't send people to the mainland europe . 
  your voice is really nice . 
  you just have to put a bit more confidence in it . 
  yeah i can see your voice being really nice to listen to , but the mic is making it sound kinda bad . 
  the voiceline is ridiculously loud . 
  yeah . 
  but the default decloaking noise still is n't even close to the sombra one . 
  yeah disguise and cloak are very different things . 
  i would love to see disguise mechanic in overwatch though . 
  custom skirmish with hard ana bots and headshots only . 
  all of them . 
  but that 's when we drink even more . 
  pretty sure we just do n't care about looking like alcoholics like canadians do . 
  i 'll just be gay , thank you very much . 
  for sure, 
  with the new addition of champion mastery , and us being able to sort champions by the highest mastery in our profile , why should be able to sort champions by highest mastery in champion select . 
  that way our most played champions would always be first on the list and it would be faster to choose champions when time might be running out and you need to quickly decide . 
  since we already have this option in the profile , i do n't think it would be that hard to add it to champion select . 
  i have recently started maining hel and i have noticed thing in her legendary and golden skins . 
  her dark stance hair is golden . 
  her diamond skin dark stance has blue hair , so why not let her have that in golden skin ? 
  and why not let her have black hair in her legendary skin ? 
  her having black hair in her legendary skin would make it so much better . 
  i have saved up 6300 ip , but i have no idea what to do with it . 
  i own most champions i want for my main role ( support ) and champions that i can play in other roles . 
  if i will end up buying a champion , i would prefer it to be someone who can go top lane , aswell as jungle . 
  i have tought about buying a runepage , i already own four , but i do n't have enough runes to make all of them unique so i really do n't need another one just yet . 
  should i buy top/jungle champion ( if this then please give suggestions ) or buy more runes . 
  if i buy the contract thing now , what happens ? 
  do i just loose the value of time i missed or do i get multiple cobtracts ? 
  so i decided to ask here aswell knowing what steam support is like :, 
  i ca n't launch tf2 or close steam , because steam thinks i 'm already playing tf2 . 
  this is because in my task manager , in the additional information tab ( i 'm not sure what it is called in english ) it shows that hl2.exe is open . 
  i tried closing it , but it just tells me that the usage is denied . 
  i tried closing it through cmd : `` taskkill / f / pid [ hl2.exe pid ] '' and it tells me that the task could not be terminated , because there is no occurrence of the task . 
  thanks . 
  edit : i solved this by restarting my computer few more times . 
  [ removed ], 
  i have picked up karma recently , and i have had succes with her as a support . 
  but often , i find myself wondering what should i build on her . 
  my current build is usually this :,
