  expect you getting pushed in 24/7, 
  her net does still deal damage . 
  it 's her traps that do n't . 
  checkmate , m8 . 
  boom . 
  headshot . 
  did they fix the ragdolls having no heads ? 
  why would it be a ` feature ' ? 
  the purpose of the dr is to fake your own death , but it 's so easy to spot dr , because of the bugs it has . 
  warding too agressively, 
  the other one, 
  by what definition ? 
  sadly :(, 
  the rest of the world is impacted aswell , if us voters are dumb, 
  did the math . 
  those dicks would have to be around 91 inches long each, 
  why would they both get charged ? 
  i honestly do n't know . 
  they have a deep relationship with that letter . 
  after all it takes pirates years to learn the alphabet , since they spend years at c, 
  is it really for both of them tough ? 
  he was 14 or 15 back then , and the girl was his age . 
  i was under the impression that this does n't count as child porn , or otherwise all teen sexting would be illegal . 
  only reason i would n't want my pictures getting connected to me irl , is because that would be kind of akward way to come out . 
  i must be thinking of a finnish law or something then . 
  yeah , but it really is not working as intended , thanks to all the bugs in it . 
  i would think the fake ammo box would be enough . 
  1.44 miles divided by 1000 = 0.00144 . 
  according to google , that 's 91.2384 inches . 
  i do n't know how freedom units work tough . 
  definition of a slae according to google : a person who is the legal property of another and is forced to obey them . 
  somewhat accurate, 
  nobody hates the `` victims '' . 
  we have the decison makers . 
  in this case , parents . 
  inform me if you want more reasons why people area gaisnt circumcision . 
  it 's illegal to post pictures of people online without their permission in finland i believe . 
  taking them is not allowed , atleast in some places ( schools for one i think ) . 
  that 's some good parenting . 
  reddit history is scary . 
  some guy dug trough like a month of my comment history on reddit , and could pin down me to around 1 million people on the planet . 
  and that was only with few months . 
  imagine what someone more dedicated could do . 
  i know for sure that they could find out the city i live in . 
  with all other filters added in , it might be in hundreads . 
  a true psycopath could have already found me and killed me . 
  oh i did n't take in to the account the earlier comment . 
  yeah that 's why i put the victim in quotes . 
  it 's accurate use of the word , but still not . 
  wrong word . 
  maybe a stalker wouldbe better example, 
  did n't take the earlier comment to consideration, 
  who would n't ? 
  i know . 
  i 'm good friends with it . 
  real or yiff ? 
  what exactly did you fix, 
  if this would be what they taught in schools here , i surely would consider . 
  i sure hope so , or otherwise every human alive is born from incest . 
  why did she want to kill the animals in the first place ? 
  wtf did they ever do . 
  she is a cat bender, 
  cum is delicious salad dressing, 
  was allergic to cats and dogs my whole childhood . 
  then we decided to take a dog for a week , we had a home planned for it , if we could n't keep it due to allergy . 
  no reaction of any kind . 
  other dogs and cats still cause an allergic reaction tough . 
  allergies are * really * weird . 
  i could understand an emotional support dog , if it was validated by a doctor or a psychiatrist . 
  if it 's some dumb kitchen psychology or self-diagnose thing , it would just be dumb . 
  just you , me and the internet . 
  i just acted out that scene , without licking a door knob tough , since we do n't have door knobs . 
  thank god i 'm alone in my room . 
  my family is n't really rich , but we are n't strugling with money either at all really . 
  i did n't think we were rich when i was a kid , which we actually were n't so i was right thinking that . 
  but later in life , i started to realise that lot of our relatives are lot poorer than us . 
  my uncle lives alone , and has trouble paying his rent . 
  i remember my mother often giving him money . 
  i also considered that we lived in somewhat of a countryside . 
  then i realised that most of my relatives probably think of me as a spoiled city kid . 
  i never heard the phrase : `` we ca n't afford that '' , not even indirectly . 
  they probably believe that there are no pedophile priests . 
  `` she was alive hours before she died '', 
  yes, 
  if i encourage someone to start somking and they die to lung cancer , do i get an assist or a kill ? 
  ekko is a great example of this . 
  do n't make fun of the pain train . 
  had a demo and soldier combo absolutely dominate me , with only ever killing me with pain train . 
  they could atleast fix the view model to not cover up half the screen when using a shield, 
  afk from afking, 
  afk from afk from afking, 
  afk from afk from afk from afking, 
  how 's that relevant to that comment ? 
  downvotes, 
  number of pre-orders just jumped, 
  i have the opposite of a problem . 
  i over estimate the enemy team . 
  i assume they are doing dragon/baron , because it would be good time for them to do so , but they are n't doing it . 
  what do you lose by buying it early ? 
  it would mostly be used by some supports against strong pushers , or as shen/rammus tower taunt bait .
