  so , if you were to go to shurima from ionia through freljord , and if valoran has similar altitudes as earth , ionia would have to be further north than freljord , because shurima is a desert and most likely towards the south . 
  that seems somewhat odd . 
  it 's the big mountain in the middle . 
  for some reason it has been renamed in the english version . 
  they should release maps of areas when we get an event related to them . 
  we got map of freljord . 
  they would need to do shurima and bligewater , which we already kinda got in the harrowing . 
  that map is not canon anymore . 
  it 's not racism , if yordles are not a different race . 
  yes , but the shurima like dessert we see in the short videos seem to be very warm . 
  what if he lives on an anarcist island ? 
  the wing flapping looks so akward, 
  her powerfull animation fit her personality so well . 
  this is the ultimate drive by . 
  * tentakills, 
  but how ? 
  azir has no great roaming ability . 
  who is to say that at this point ? 
  she only has 6 abilities !, 
  what is this ? 
  place it under you while running away . 
  then knock back your chasers . 
  but throw down your e first , so the rocks explode , and then smash them with rocks . 
  ekko does n't get younger when he turns back time . 
  he is much older than kids born at the same time as him . 
  she will counter the fuck out of leblanc . 
  just place your w to where her teleport mark is . 
  i worded that poorly . 
  if he is under age , then he is under age . 
  he has lived just as long as kids currently as old as him . 
  he was only born later than them . 
  depends on how good base damages she has . 
  if her base damage on the q is decent , then absolutely, 
  i will need a video as a proof . 
  i would take roaming over being able to bully my enemy laner any time . 
  too bad i ca n't play it . 
  aparently [ my cpu is n't good enough ] ( http://i.imgur.com/bnxxsqd.png ) ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ / s, 
  better than being raped and beaten up in prison, 
  flash ghost is also good on vlad , when he is played mid , which is n't often though . 
  i like it on lux aswell , but it 's just so useless right now . 
  then they 'll have to buff ghost to insanity , or rework it . 
  if they were to rework it , they could make it more ghost like by removing the movespeed , but adding full slow immunity . 
  that would be a great counter to champions that get kited easily by slows . 
  but reddit does n't love you back . 
  let it go . 
  riven is suppose to have some kind of wind magic in her blade and that 's green . 
  janna 's and yasuo ' ability effects are white . 
  it 's not that hard to be consistent , riot . 
  janna 's and yasuo 's abilities are white/very light blue . 
  by that logic they should just use white for the air icon . 
  is n't consistensy fum , riot ? 
  but they were halfed . 
  also now the vlad 's update is live, 
  they are not . 
  we really need the 1v1 mode in the howling abyss, 
  fire spirits ca n't melt true ice . 
  ** taliyah will make shurima great again !, 
  vote taliyah 2016 **, 
  only for a moderate ammount of time . 
  also they can still be hit by other forms of cc . 
  fallen angel time . 
  teaching faker of course . 
  we all know who is the man behind faker 's succes . 
  100 % no chance he never had ever had ? 
  typical riot, 
  and they must hate fiddle . 
  his kit is nothing but things they are trying to get rid off : sustain , silence , targeted hard cc, 
  you farm to level 6 , place your ult in the middle of the map and go sit at base and wait for it to cover the whole map . 
  get all the farm and just build full ap . 
  your enemies are n't safe anywhere . 
  anivia 's combo was e into r while the e was on the air . 
  i do n't know if that 's possible anymore with the e missile speed buff, 
  i 'm just glad they did n't touch my little angel ^ ^ with this mage update . 
  they would have either broken her or made her broken . 
  but only thing they would have needed to do then was increasing the e 's travelling speed , so you do n't have time to put down your ultimate before it hits . 
  why ruin her ulti for that ? 
  expect the part in malzahar 's kit that kill you for once is n't his ultimate . 
  but no he does n't need ultimate for that . 
  only time that he 'll ult is if someone jumps on him . 
  otherwise it 's too risky, 
  because of his minions eating you alive . 
  if lane fiddle ever somehow becomes meta , he is done for . 
  it was probably that you weere second, 
  and his wife commited suicide , taking her and roose 's son with her . 
  awful woman . 
  uusi -  uuden ( in this context . 
  sanat -  sanan ( `` sanat '' means `` words '' or `` lyrics '' in english / `` sanat '' tarkoittaa '' words '' tai `` lyrics '' englanniksi ), 
  not trying to be rude , just trying to help / en yrit\u00e4 olla t\u00f6yke\u00e4 , yrit\u00e4n vain auttaa , 
  that 's all they know . 
  they are living in the north, 
  karma and morgana are both lesbian , and somehow managed to have a child . 
  that child was caitlyn . 
  i have to say that the marriage between karma and morgana might not be the happiest, 
  what have you been brewing , gragas ? 
  then morgana cheated on sona with karma and they had a child who became caitlyn . 
  well , malphite seems pretty black . 
  i guess that 's why . 
  aww !, 
  so that 's where lux learned to be such a bitch . 
  from her mother !,
