  perhaps they could even make a special map for stalemates . 
  a round of koth would be way more even way to decide, 
  exactly . 
  quickplay is for fun and silliness , keep competitive serious . 
  on the other side though , when i hear someone say `` we need a healer ! '', 
  or `` pick a tank '' in quickplay , i say fuck that i 'm playing symmetra on offense . 
  it 's quickplay . 
  stop caring about the most effective team combs and strategies . 
  i have personally been playing symmetra only in quickplay no matter what side i am on , because i like symmetra . 
  whenever someone tells me not to , i tell them to go play competitive if they want to try hard, 
  symmetra on offense is love , symmetra on offense is life . 
  it 's wonderful that it 's now possible to play who you want without anyone bitching, 
  quickplay became a lot more relaxed, 
  yeah i 'm not justifying their actions , just empathising with the frustration of getting pushed to spawn, 
  i 'm not sure though , if the current system is any better, 
  i never said that i agreed with them leaving, 
  of course . 
  that 's were they put them all in the uk, 
  if you want to really play to win with the most effective teams , that is the place to do it . 
  but i 'm not trying to lose , i just play the heroes i want to play , when i play quickplay . 
  i do n't see why i should force myself to play heroes that i do n't want to play , when in quickplay . 
  how is this an ama ? 
  we were talking about zarya supporting her support to support her , and then / u/dranzell said that they love it and / u/xgoo did a ftfy where they fixed the previous comment to say that they support the fact that zarya supports her support so her support can support her more . 
  then you said that you support that they support that zarya supports her support to support her more suportively . 
  back on track now ? 
  support the supports to support you to support the supports to support all, 
  this made me so wet that i 'll be needing new pants and a new chair , as well as a new carpet . 
  the overwatch xmains subreddits have arrived !, 
  support us to support you to support others, 
  a box full of surprises !, 
  you are trying so hard to bring life to this sub . 
  5/12 posts here are by you . 
  i honestly want it , so i can be more sure who i actually revived , sometimes i just see two or three revive markers , fly to them to rez them and do n't always have time to check tab . 
  also a headshot of the hero should be on the kill/rez marker , so i know which is which, 
  this . 
  we need this . 
  pressing tab covers the whole screen , which is definetly optimal , when you are in a fight . 
  related suggestions : hero headshot on rez markers , so i know which is which , since sometimes you have to choose between two , an i would much rather revive the roadhog or reinhardt than the hanzo or the zenyatta to defend the payload . 
  also on-screen player list . 
  you can already see it by pressing tab , but that covers the whole screen , it would be much easier to have all the players on the screen all the time , much easier to keep track of everything, 
  no , there is n't, 
  you support us talking about support the support to support you to support others to support all ? 
  but in reality they are playing cs : go , and are a huge rager, 
  they 'll be guarding trump 's wall, 
  what 's it like living in a place where prostitution is legal ? 
  maybe it was reposted there two days ago , but the original is older . 
  i believe this was posted to pics before , i remember seeing this twice on my frontpage . 
  more reasons why us is `` the special one '' in the class, 
  super newbie to this game , trying to play through steam . 
  after choosing a character and clicking play it displays the `` tutorial '' text , with the character next to it and then returns to the character screen asking me to sign in . 
  tried both my steam credentials as well as the account that i registered in realmofthemadgod.com neither did anything when clicking sign in . 
  the `` new user ? 
  click here to register '' or the `` forgot your password ? 
  click here '' do n't do anything if i click on them, 
  tried searcing online , but all the answers are from over two years ago , and most are edited as being outdated . 
  team rocket , blast off at the speed of light !, 
  the only appropriate reaction, 
  also : perkele, 
  i 'm not sure if you can rename pokemons in pokemon go , but if you can , you have to give the pidgey the same name as your baby girl, 
  are we gon na do another one of these ? 
  fucking flashing banner ads on mobile games which require consendration . 
  they should be made illegal , someone 's gon na have a seizure from one of them . 
  do you not realise that there are people making a living from youtube ? 
  you are right , no one should start doing youtube while having the goal of making money , but it is still a viable source of income , when you have got a fan base set up, 
  i 'm all for disabling adblock on youtube to reward the content creators , but when i see multiple ads in a video , which are placed there by the video maker , that 's when the adblock turns on . 
  you are serioously trying to introduce commercial breaks to 20 minutes or so long youtube videos ? 
  i have seem some people but the video ads at the end of their videos , where they 'll play while you are looking for the next video in the suggested section etc , i think more content creators should do that . 
  well , i just search for mage , and it brings up all my support champions :\\ ^ ), 
  also does the money you get from youtube videos increase by alot , if you put multiple ads in videos . 
  i have seen people but 2 or 3 ads in the middle of a 20 minute video , which is annoying . 
  the recent sub loss was youtube clearing out `` ghost '' subs , accounts that were in-active and not watching videos . 
  those subs are useless for youtubers , because they do n't watch videos , and thefrefor they do n't watch ads either, 
  what more powerful ? 
  how does eeveevolution work in go ? 
  is it just random ? 
  surprisingly , wikipedia mobile pages are very pleasent to read on computer, 
  perhaps it 's based on area you evolve the eevee , or where you catched the eeve . 
  seems fitting to the game . 
  i do n't think that you would have to go that far . 
  did we finally figure out the formula ? 
  1 valve minute ( shortened to vmin . ), 
  = 6 min . 
  therefor :, 
  1 valve hour ( shortneded vh ) = 6 h, 
  one valve day ( shortened vd ) is 6 * 24 h = 144 h, 
  ~ ~ i continue later i got into game ~ ~ ok i 'm back, 
  therefor : 1 vd = 144h = 6 d, 
  30 days in one month , 180 days in valve month : one valve month takes 6 normal months, 
  and what did we get out of all this ? 
  one year is only 2 months in valve time . 
  one valve year is 6 standard years, 
  this explains everything, 
  edit : aparently strike throughs do n't work here, 
  yeah i knew , i was just pointing out that wikipedia mobile pages are actually very pleasant for reading on computer, 
  then there are other kinds of companies :, 
  league of legends, 
  community : you should fix this, 
  riot games : there , happy now ? 
  community : you changed it , but it still needs fixing, 
  riot games : shut up we know what 's best ** continues fucking shit up and never admitting that they are wrong about anything **,
