  i do n't play twisted fate . 
  na gets a skin * and * an ip boost, 
  like they would never give euw any compensation . 
  euw is bigger . 
  eune is slightly smaller . 
  if they were to do it from a marketing standpoint , they would release it on euw first , since it 's the biggest single server in the world . 
  internet years, 
  he is gon na gank that guy . 
   frozen hearth, 
  resistance is the best skin . 
  it fits cait better than hh or lunar reveal one, 
  riot gave me ironsolari leona for free . 
  leona carries me in ranked that season, 
  how much will/did they cost to craft to permanents ? 
  just the regular kalista ghosts with bunny ears . 
  relevant flair, 
  sadly , if it was to come out it would already be on pbe, 
  joke brings out the ghost of urf , which kalista then attempts to hit with a spear , missing three times so it * kinda * fits her quote . 
  summoner icons for the champions finally ? 
  i believe it looks at kill participation aswell . 
  like if you were part of all kills in the game for example , it 's pretty safe to say that you had a big impact . 
  they should probably do both . 
  a large ammount of champion mastery , and x ammount of s grades . 
  got ta get that wardscore up !, 
  they could give grades , but not mastery points . 
  you should choose people by their bard mastery . 
  in my opinion you should get aurelion , once he comes out . 
  that just seems fair . 
  relevant flair ? 
  i feel bad for estonia . 
  i want to be paid in time, 
  we just have more space we can claim as our own , since finland is n't too tightly packed . 
  we are polite , but from two meters away . 
  it does n't look stupid when everyone does it . 
  this is common practise in finland . 
  nobody minds as long as you move it when needed . 
  you ca n't really place it on the floor because it 's often wet from snow or something . 
  we have also mastered the art of non-verbal communication . 
  it 's a real thing . 
  not just a reddit joke, 
  yes , we do this , because if we do n't , there is a risk that they will ask us to do so . 
  definetly that . 
  it 's only awkward if you look like there 's no way you have gf or bf and they know that you will just fap into them . 
  there is n't age limit for condoms . 
  atleast where i live . 
  that just seems flat out stupid . 
  where is this place where you can have beaver as a pet ? 
  that 's called envy, 
  the cleaning excuse is so weak . 
  `` oh my god . 
  you have to touch your penis a little more in the shower ! '', 
  and how much practise he did, 
  ... mildly ... ? 
  mildly ? 
  the stupid are too stupid to wear protection . 
  if only smart people wear peotection , only the stupid will breed and humanity is doomed . 
  which is not what should happen . 
  fear favors right wing . 
  ca n't argue islam not having most terrorists, 
  i refuse to believe that religion is helping the poor as much as you think . 
  though this varies across religions and countries . 
  i do not understand what you mean . 
  beat thing about being a faggot is that women ca n't accuse you of rape . 
  ~ ~ i 'm pretty sure that 's what 4chan still is . 
  see / r/4chan to see what it 's like . 
  or go straight to 4chan , if you dare . ~ ~, 
  nevermind me . 
  see below comment ( s ) . 
  for me , just staying in a subreddit that you like , feels like isolating yourself into a bubble , because the outside world sucks . 
  we should n't be isolating ourselves , instead we should be making the outside world not suck so much . 
  in this case make reddit sick less , so that we can see how much the real world sucks . 
  but that 's a start . 
  that 's why i do n't recomend visiting 4chan unless you can stand the crap . 
  reddit is not the frontpage of the internet anymore . 
  that 's how . 
  if that was true , then top thing on internet right now ( / r/all hot ) is brass doorknobs . 
  only 7th one is about brussels . 
  bots just are n't smart enough to filter out all the spam yet . 
  i do n't believe that getting rid of all the mods would do more good than it would do harm . 
  nothing is stopping us from making that . 
  but if we manage to get large enough userbase for the subreddit , we would for sure run into problems . 
  if i understand your idea of user run subreddit the way you do it wo n't work . 
  i have a habbit of pretending i know about stuff , that i have only a slight understanding of . 
  i do like my upboats . 
  no one cares about rain outside . 
  but if it 's raining inside , then we should be concerned . 
  why ? 
  that seems awful, 
   second account, 
  that explains a bit . 
  it just made it harder . 
  on the site there are comments saying that other servers got two chests , while eu got only one . 
  is this correct and should i get my pitchfork , or are they more of those salty `` riot loves na more than eu '' guys ? 
  atleast you got better ward than my sun disc ward . 
  yes , and if i 'm not totally wrong , you 'll have some essence left over . 
  no it does n't . 
  the black morgana chroma looks amazing , but the white and the green one look awful . 
  i wish they had made a blue one . 
  a crimson red one would n't look bad either . 
  most of those kind of skins are legacy .
