  they wo n't do it . 
  i would rather see them upgrade those old skins , maybe increase their rp value and bring them back to shop . 
  i just want my exiled morgana with ability effects that match her autos ; _ ;, 
  i would be fine if they just addead a color filter on the splash art . 
  that would probably take like 5 minutes . 
  we have n't got summoner icons that have champion 's splash art in them . 
  expecting them to add free chromas would be too much, 
  or perhaps chroma packs were n't selling , and they decided to save the 20 minutes it takes for them to make them . 
  atleast they are fixing them now , so they are n't golden statues anymore . 
  i use her chroma , because i do n't like any of her available skins . 
  i will buy the exiled when it 's out of the vault though . 
  i hate the colors of the lunar wrath . 
  if they released a cool chroma for it , i would buy it . 
  blackthorn has really weird walking animation . 
  sinful succulence is nice , but bit silly . 
  i hate the colours and wings of ghost pride morgana . 
  blade mistress is nice apart from her red hair and holes on the dress . 
  victorious morgana looks a bit too wavy . 
  i have a really picky taste in skins . 
  i 'm the guy who uses warden karma over order of the lotus because i do n't like pink . 
  i use spelltief lux over starguardian or steel legion . 
  i also own both underworld and the magnificent tf and rather use magnificent . 
  `` it does n't matter weather or not anyone will eat the steak . 
  the important thing is that you cook it . '', 
  call them anti-freedom . 
  that should get people thinking . 
  anti life of the parents . 
  why are you against abortions ? 
  how are you not taking away their right to choose ? 
  they are ashamed to be human and to enjoy sex . 
  they are crazy and want to deny other people and themselves one of few harmless forms of pleasure . 
  in short , they are cunts . 
  oh now i understand . 
  thank you, 
  must feel great to know a champion better than the people who created them . 
  tibbers hp as a `` shield '' on her own hp . 
  once the `` shield '' is gone , tibbers dies . 
  maybe they 'll do something similar as with ryze 's passive . 
  that would make it * really * easy to see though . 
  i 'm pretty sure the 100 people who upvoted got it . 
  runes are important everywhere above level 30 . 
  did n't they mention that they want to tweak those champions with this event ? 
  i remember atleast that they have been planning diana tweaks for a while . 
  graves and jhin . 
  i can only hope they do n't replace her default splash with [ this monstrosity ] ( http://vignette2.wikia.nocookie.net/leagueoflegends/images/5/50/morgana_originalskin_ch.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20110222154650 ), 
  atleast exiled morgana looks a bit better now . 
  still waiting to get ability effects that match her basic attacks though . _ . 
  in most cases , it would have been easier to switch china 's splash arts to the main ones . 
  but because some cultural differences ( like karthus ' face ) somethings are offensive to them . 
  atleast they said that this is a temporary solution . 
  they 'll update them soon \u2122, 
  i would be fine with them looking worse , if they atleast captured the personality and style of the champion . 
  old safe caitlyn splash art makes her actually look smart . 
  now look at the new one . 
  what is the point of that splash art ? 
  boobs . 
  i get that sex sells , but c'mon . 
  shadow evelynn , or whatever that skin is called . 
  is this mild lol hentai or the official game ? 
  i 'll allow it , if we can get ability effects the skin deserves . 
  it already has basic attacks . 
  probably the rest . 
  maybe, 
  they also changed her from being inteligent looking to being boobs . 
  i think amumu is recalling . 
  still poor desing . 
  thick , floating hair . 
  did she put glue in it or what ? 
  even weirder is the price . 
  same as ghost pride morgana . 
  and that skin has new recal and all new ability effects . 
  even more unfair is sinful succulence being 975 rp as well . 
  we shall see how long that 'll take, 
  they turned that skin from looking inteligent to being just boobs . 
  and sort by most recently played . 
  un would be great , if it actually worked well . 
  no , it 's the people who run the religion and the people who choose to follow those people . 
  it 's not just the religion , it 's because they take it too seriously . 
  imagine what the world would be like if people took christianity as seriously as muslims take islam . 
  it would be a lot like the medieval times , if not worse . 
  what us the gayest number ? 
  assuming everyone is subscribed to til, 
  i have a folder called `` the box '' and inside that folder are more folders seperating things into categories . 
  there is also , in `` the box '' , a folder called : `` the box inside a box '', 
  no , he has a channel that deals periodic tickle damage . 
  lissandra is easy to cs with . 
  morgana on the other hand is surprisingly hard , even though i main her . 
  does n't help that i mostly play her support . 
  if you play solo against premades , you are at an disadvantage , meaning it 's better to play with friends . 
  you can switch from relic shield to talisman later . 
  in lane relic shield is superior , because better stats . 
  coin should only be bought on some really passive supports , when you have no way of proccing spelltief 's of relic . 
  only champion that used to buy coin always was soraka , but she can now easily proc spelltief 's . 
  blitz is another one who can take it for mana regen . 
  i want aurelon soraka back :(, 
  solo lane soraka is nowhere near her past glory . 
  currently , there 's nothing that compares . 
  tahm kench can probably eat it , spit it out at the fountain and give it global range , so it kills every member of the enemy team , every tower , inhib and lastly , the enemy nexus . 
  how about do n't let random people on the internet get to you so much that you afk ? 
  having urf before playing ranked is not good .
