  when ever someone speaks french , or any other language in chat , i always answer in finnish . 
  rip crystal scar . 
  the scar you ledt will never heal . 
  we can dream, 
  i 'm getting to that point . 
  i will rather jump to treeline tough , because i want to choose my champion . 
  i spammed shaco just capping the shrines . 
  i miss that . 
  on top of it , majority of people liked ascension more . 
  urf must give mastery at hugely reduced rate or otherwise it will become way too easy to get rank 5s, 
  ascension shall do . 
  we ca n't, 
  maybe atleast ascension, 
  that would still take leas resources since they would n't have to up keep the dominion items, 
  i miss snowdown showdown . 
  i hope it comes to the rotation, 
  you mean morgana ? 
  if they were to keep dominion 's items , they would have to keep them all working . 
  dominion has lots of unique features . 
  i 'm aware that most of the items are shared with tt tough . 
  but capturing mechanics and such would have to be kept up the date . 
  i think ascension would be easier to maintain . 
  because that would n't work, 
  because he is not ao shin, 
  but he really needs hp from roa i think . 
  he has kind of a small range, 
  he 's not . 
  they do n't win at first . 
  start using hacks , because they do n't know how to play the game otherwise . 
  the comment said tall bed or a short person . 
  being short and having a tall bed could be problematic, 
  in freedom date form . 
  what is that thing ? 
  finland will always come to buy booze from there . 
  it 's because they are mongols of course . 
  finland build the lighthouse before the border on the island was set . 
  they did n't want to give sweden a free lighthouse , so they gave them part of the island . 
  and with lg spirit aswell . 
  maybe it 's just with lg phones . 
  using lg phone aswell . 
  same issue . 
  i suspect that it 's just lg . 
  i can play the game on facebook through browser tough, 
  most of the time the blue is more useful on mid laner . 
  but if your mid laner does n't need/deserve it , you do n't need it and your adc does n't need or want it , then give it to your support , if they can make use of it . 
  or fiddle, 
  any specific sitsuations you would buy it ? 
  normal and ranked do not share mmr . 
  they probably do n't usually play that much normals and their normal mmr is lower, 
  ca n't tell if sarcasm or did n't get the joke . 
  i already saw one . 
  it was pretty high quality at least . 
  it 's simple really . 
  double negative buffs and all that . 
  exactly . 
  why do i need to grind to gain in-game stats . 
  they should do it for atleast two champions every release . 
  also i believe they should reduce 4800 ip champion 's prices more often . 
  so , why should n't newer players have them aswell , if they want ? 
  you do n't turn gay for ezreal . 
  everyone is gay for ezreal . 
  found a new wallpaper !, 
  that is gold mine . 
  the ping difference between eune and euw is mostly caused by the difference in the ammount of players . 
  the servers themselfs are in the same place . 
  i get same ping on both tough , so go figure . 
  i believe they moved euw and eune to amsterdam . 
  i do n't know about turkish , or russian server . 
  kinda like the relationship between euw and eune . 
  servers are in the same palce , only difference is that on eune , you wo n't be flamed in english . 
  it should n't be an ip sick , since they are necessary for the game . 
  ip sink should be something not related to the gameplay . 
  considering the kick in the balls would end the 9 month hell , most people would do it . 
  also . 
  if someone gives birth to a child they did n't want , would n't they be less likely to do it again ? 
  in nine months you will get kicked in the nuts . 
  when i was a kid i tought that god was like my personal genie without a wish limit . 
  nothing ever came through tough . 
  for some reason . 
  matbe my god was broken or something . 
   it 's one book . 
  read it . 
  that one book happens to be pretty lengthy and most people have other things to do . 
  yes , but you should n't be forced to grind do much in order to add another layer of strategy to your gameplay through more variable runes, 
  no one ever made complaints about the pastors ? 
  i would think that the schools had rights to keep them out . 
  40 children ? 
  how about drowning the whole world and killing all humans expect one family , and nearly all the animals , which never actually did anything wrong . 
  they should do that for some time , and then go back to their current style . 
  i have never actually seen anyone suggest black cleaver , but i can definetly see it working . 
  i recently started playing akali , and after trying out both builds and winning with them , i have to say i like a tankier build more than ap build . 
  the tank build is a bit lacking in lategame , but i 'm considering trying a hybrid bruiser build with gunblade and now that you mentioned it , black cleaver . 
  thoughts ? 
  just going to ask quickly . 
  would a hybrid bruiser build work on akali ? 
  with gunblade and black cleaver for example . 
  it 's actually the highest winrate build atm , so go figure . 
  maybe you are n't like most people . 
  i got 2 twisted fate skins . 
  both legacy .
