  i have n't played in few months , so my information might have become inaccurate , but i usually do n't rush morello . 
  if it 's being a slow game , i get lost chapter so i can keep on poking . 
  if i manage to pick up a lead i 'll rushhaunting guise and sorc . 
  shoes . 
  then i go for luden 's echo , if i 'm still winning hard . 
  if not , i usually finish liandry 's . 
  i do n't get rylai 's until later on , or if i 'm losing and need to go for a more supportive build . 
  my usually full build is something like : sorcs , liandry 's , luden 's and rylai 's . 
  with those there are two slots for sitsuational items . 
  zhonya 's is good against assassins , morello against healing , abyssal if i need magic resist and if there are other ap champions on my team and voidstaff is a good choice when you do n't need to defend yourself against anything special . 
  i do n't know a lot about zyra top , usually i build very similarly to mid and it works pretty well , since zyra has ( atleast used to have when i last played ) a lot of favorable mmatchups in the top lane . 
  in general a cherry blossom themed zyra skin would be great . 
  something like the death blosssom elise . 
  snowstorm zyra perhaps ? 
  yeah but even more so i 'd say, 
  even communism is better for health-care than full capitalism . 
  would rather go red than have people in huge debt for winning the lottery of cancer or such . 
  `` and here we impregnate the virgins . 
  it 's for a very important funsies , i assure you . '', 
  more reasonable deal would be to let him have the apartment , under the condition that he testaments it to whoever it would be going now . 
  soviet bear 2016 !, 
  there 's still time !, 
  some even come up with completly non-existent countries , like * finland * for example . 
  anyone with a bit of knowledge knows that it does n't exist . 
  the tides rise and you 'll be back at the bottom of the sea . 
  imgurians should build their own microverse . 
  you just see the bad side . 
  have you ever been to the actual frontpage of imgur ? 
  someone with the skillz should high qualize that , so that the lines of the hastag actually appear on time . 
  yeah , but it 's also false to say that there is n't imgur oc . 
  i actually very rarely see reddit content claimed as imgur oc when i go there . 
  most people there realise that lot of stuff comes from reddit . 
  i really do n't notice a large difference . 
  summoning @sarah, 
  as someone who use to browse imgur very actively , i do n't get the hate either . 
  it seems very unjustified . 
  why ? 
  if there was a photobucket or gfycat community i would n't give a crap , since that does n't bother me . 
  and you choose to make your uploads public on imgur , but you do n't have to . 
  could : `` john is granted ownership of the house , but once he is deceased , billy will inherit the house '' ? 
  you solve that by setting chrome to open previous session ... 
  wait . 
  that could be worse ... 
  lot of people confuse trans girls and trans boys though, 
  i do n't get how it 's chickening out of you come out through text or social media . 
  it 's easier to give the other person time to react that way . 
  yeah , i would press that button !, 
  i 'm pretty sure i 've seen someone call gay guys sexist, 
  and even more based on their age , personality and the ammount of fat in their body, 
  adding a zero at the end does n't make your mom a ten, 
  there 's always surgery !, 
  though being bad at conversations is n't always your fault . 
  only most of the time, 
  bit more than 20 %, 
  if you are unbearable to look at , good personality wo n't help you . 
  that 's included in attractiveness and unattractiveness, 
  is it ever a bad time to draw copious ammount of porn ? 
  flair checks out, 
  how many are actually aware of that ? 
  i doubt the common person knows . 
  this must be fixed imidietly !, 
  painted brown, 
  it also suprisingly happens to be one of the better battle medic maps . 
  it actually would have been better off if it had stayed abandoned by them . 
  you are weird . 
  the youtube stream is so much smoother than the twitch one , that it 's not even real . 
  it comes earlier and earlier each year ... 
  it 's better to go to the map in-game on an empty server and just walk around and at the same time seeing which jumps you can make etc. 
  and some people have extra, 
  you mean it is n't ? 
  there 's nothing you can do anymore . 
  the motherboard has already been implanted . 
  the design was just improved and it 's completly concealed in canada 's skull . 
  so that 's where the self-expenses start, 
  nowhere does it mention that it 'll be 1:1 though, 
  that 's really sad, 
  just because you find the dog cute does n't mean the kid ca n't be afraid of it . 
  telling someone with a serious phobia to just suck it up does n't work . 
  also allergy pills do n't always work, 
  a racist , non-white person perhaps ? 
  how do you know that it 's not actually phobia, 
  also i really hate people who say : `` shit was better when i was growing up !, 
  everything should have stayed the same ! '', 
  then replays !, 
  it 's hard to do that . 
  that 's why there should be a special reward for it . 
  only in korean though . 
  and why not two , one for each . 
  ok . then solve the allergies . 
  i can tell from experience that allergy medicine does n't always work . 
  now available in antarctica !, 
  generally champions with displacements seem to be annoying, 
  i thought i was over dominion , but i was wrong ;(, 
  you do realise how allergies work , do you ? 
  you have to have a very serious allergy to get a reaction from a dog outdoors . 
  we are talking about a classroom here . 
  aparently they tried it for a while and it did n't work out . 
  removable one is also way easier to clean . 
  it is known, 
  please no .
