  `` my white big white cat roaring on top of a laptop beats your small white cat roaring on a chair . 
  i would say it would be : the country between russia and sweden where everyone wants to allways meet at some place called tori . 
  word finland gets removed . 
  finns protest by attacking russia . 
  the , a , an . 
  watch people get mad because nothing sounds right . 
  i ca n't live in this world no more . 
  english sounds as dumb as finnish . 
  are bacters or parasites allowed ? 
  if not then i would say most bugs . 
  mostly ants and spiders . 
  saying that cats are more inteligent than humans . 
  their special forces are the ones carrying malaria and other diseases . 
  their special forces are the ones carrying malaria and other diseases . 
  but why farm humans ? 
  surely there are animals that work better for that purpose . 
  i do n't get it . 
  feeding on human flesh, 
  probably language confusion thingy, 
  just run all people over as one massive herd . 
  and drink gallons of cow milk . 
  huge magnifying glass . 
  they would only have their fists while humansbhave guns . 
  are there other kinds ? 
  imagine the technology they could build because of their size, 
  they would not have the technology we have . 
  they would be like stone age humans . 
  humans have guns . 
  the worst thing is that we would n't notice at first . 
  they would plan for months and then one night kill us all . 
  but all animals would be living stone age at first . 
  they would be inteligent , but they would not have the knowledge . 
  i like it that way . 
  because op moved out of state . 
  he was left hearth broken when his true love left him . 
   breeds bullies, 
  and generally farming humana for blood just is not efficient . 
  penguines have feelings too !, 
  i have so many questions about this . 
  first one is : what happened to you between the second post and this ? 
  i 'm curious . 
  yeah and now when i think of it , if wolwerines had human inteligence they could ambush us . 
  i 'm finnish and i still think that english sounds lot better than finnish . 
  and in my first sentence i was trying to be poetric . 
  what can you do when you are on redit at 12 pm, 
  jesus woman . 
  soraka is my favorite support , but you have so small impact inless you land good q e combo to the enemy carry . 
  other than that you are just un-noticed health dispenser your team usually takes for granted . 
  good thing we have sona to do sorakas job better than her . 
  q poro q poro w combos incoming . 
  and so are you . 
  recolors do n't take that much effort to make . 
  maybe they can make special recolor for champion mastery . 
  i challenge you with mandarins . 
  what i have heard is that she demanded healthy food to schools , but schools started serving shitty healthy food . 
  i 'm from finlanf and i can say that our school food is not best possible , but i would take it over fries anyday , because it 's actual food . 
  why is it so hard to ban babies from flights ? 
  if your mini human does n't understand commands : `` silent '' , `` calm down '' and `` stop kicking the seat in front of you '' they are not allowed to enter a plane . 
  or atleast make them buy me earbuds so i do n't have to listen to their kid scream . 
  why are the no kid free flights ? 
  you have been arested for supporting terrorism . 
  people get way more offenden by supporting currently active negative groups than old groups such as nazis . 
  are you sure ? 
  what god do penguines believe in ? 
  if christian god existed , we should not be praying for him . 
  he did so shitty job at `` creating '' humans after all . 
  and they can breed and make more this kind of people . 
  pope , a man who gets people teleported to heaven . 
  most likely . 
  question . 
  why is it a problem ? 
  people do n't care anymore . 
  this is default from ea, 
  best descripton of ea i have ever heard, 
  and too tired to protest , when it 's not leading to anything . 
  reading trough comments makes me wish i would have gotten to play games like these . 
  but why does it matter that you need to have it ? 
  it 's not like they force you to use it . 
  the mad chemist, 
  you have violated the reddit bot rules . 
  rule one of reddit bots : you are a bot you have no opinions . 
  every account on reddit is a bot expect you . 
  you have broken the reddit bot rules . 
  rule 2 of reddit bots : do n't deny that you are bot . 
  oh the things i see and hear and then shut up for the rest of my life . 
  this one is a little different . 
  my english teacher ( i live in finland so she was language teacher ) was horrible to everyone who wase n't good in english . 
  i got decent grades so she was nice to me . 
  that was the problem . 
  i tried to always get in trouble in her classes , cause that 's what cool kids do , right ? 
  i would do things some of the cool kids were doing , but she didi n't give a fuck about it , because i wasna good student . 
  that is the story of what i did in classes i was good at ( all expect pe and religion ( why is it even teached at schools btw ? ) ) . 
  i would just try not to be good and do nothing and get b from almost everything . 
  it just feels unfair to other students . 
  ^ this belongs to the reply above . 
  i hate parents who cause their kids allergies . 
  at least you can grow out from most of them . 
  when i was a kid , i was allergic to at least 10 food products ( but i did n't get any serious from eating them , just some rash ) and to cats , dogs and some trees , but currently i 'm only allergic to cats and birch trees during their pollen season . 
  `` then i 'll make you my ally and claim the throne of this kingdom for myself , to the one it truly belongs '', 
  let 's start breeding purring humans .
