  the problem is that there are too many migrants and too little refugees . 
  in europe , largely yes . 
  overtime totally . 
  you do realise that an atomic bomb affects all people in the area it is dropped in , and not just the bad guys . 
  i wo n't even begin to talk about the enviriomental damage that it would cause . 
  by commiting genocide . 
  first of all , there is n't such a place where enough isis fighters are located that it would be worth to kill all the innocent people . 
  isis is for msot part very seperated . 
  and secondly , you do n't give even a one thought for the enviriomental damage of an atomic bomb . 
  exactly . 
  it wo n't die if you kill the plant . 
  you must dig up the root . 
  did you see that one post about the ammount of muslims in the uk who think that homosexuality should be illegal ? 
  it was around 70 % in the age group around twenty . 
  and to think how many of them think that homosexuals should be killed ? 
  i do n't even want to know . 
  perhaps he does n't care enough . 
  he was just pointing out that popular feminists do n't see this as important as them being opredded by manspreading or whatever they are crying about now . 
  `` i am a proud supporter of donald trump '', 
  `` i rest my case . '', 
  i 'm speechless, 
  so much has happened to sansa that she would be a perfect subject for the next one , if you 'll do more . 
  since it also seems that she will be a major character in season 6 . 
  in the start of the season 6 sje most likely wo n't be that strong . 
  i 'm level 30 and i will buy some runes that i use less as tier two , so i do n't have to spend all my ip on runes . 
  yes , or champions on free rotation could go on an ip sale, 
  but why would the enemy team give you something like varus or vel ` koz ? 
  it 's nemesis draft we are talking about . 
  that 's the point !, 
  are you sure ? 
  i bet there are tons of champions that are super fun on urf , but are n't played because the `` meta '' champions are all so much stronger and have mobility ? 
  but they 'll have trash aswell :d, 
  whyvis rumble bad ? 
  is it because the heat thing ? 
  practicing my jhin ults and w in urf is pretty nice . 
  not all skillshots are the same . 
  it 's because he is not popular . 
  there are lot of champions that are super broken , but are n't banned/played because they are unpopular . 
  i played against a tanky fiddlesticks . 
  he was pretty much unkilable , unless 3 people focused him at once . 
  ** blood !, 
  now with type 2 diabetes !, 
  god itself ? 
  in the fiddle game or in any game ? 
  i 'm from europe . 
  i do n't know guns . 
  what is the difference betwen magazines and clips ? 
  that is somewhat scary . 
  in a proper car they would be safer , but they could also cause more damage , because it would be heavier . 
  perhaps you just have * really * bad face memory, 
  * was *, 
  when i started watching the show , i was already been spiled a bit , having watched season 5 first , so i kinda knew some major things and who died and who lived , but i was still shocked about how early he died . 
  i doubt it . 
  but if it were to come up , no one would really care at this point . 
  if joffery was alive , or if the north was rebelling against the iron throne , then perhaps it would make a difference . 
  the north is pretty much only place that cares for starks , but they are pretty weak after the failed rebellion . 
  joffery is dead . 
  he was the one to kill ned . 
  i doubt they would seek revenge on tommen for what joffery did . 
  i think most of them see that tommen is alot better king than his brother . 
  i actually ca n't tell who these are . 
  mind telling me ? 
  oh fuck i 'm so dumb, 
  i pick exhaust against/as anyone who needs to get close enough for it . 
  it truly is an underrated summonerspell, 
  ashe definetly, 
  or not . 
  it 's a swedish o so it does n't matter :\\ ^ ), 
  not any major ones that i can think of . 
  you will always be next to a wall at some angle . 
  did n't the original nemesis draft have bans ? 
  i really hope that they do something interesting at dorne , now that they got the power . 
  i for one do n't believe cersei will just get pissed of and slap them to death . 
  if they are smart , they wo n't attack . 
  my knowledge of dorne 's history is limited , but i believe it proved to be really though for the targaryens to conquer , even with dragons . 
  i might just be optimistic and ignorant of dialoguebbeing bad , but i 'm pretty interested how jamie and cersei will try to take everything back , and more . 
  and you ca n't stab people in the head with a whip !, 
  take down the more dangerous opponent first . 
  they probably knew how bad of a fighter he was . 
  i still do n't know how i feel about tywin dying . 
  he was a bad person in someways , but it ca n't be denied that he was wise , and probably the best person to be the hand at the time . 
  someone needed , and still needs , to fix how badly joffery and cersei fucked up . 
  i have weird feelings about the lannisters . 
  i hate them as much as anyone else , but i still feel empathy towards them . 
  jamie strugling with losing his hand , cersei losing absolutely everything , and of course tyrion is pretty self explanatory . 
  i see ypur sarcasm , but as a serious reply : if you let your team bully you to go afk , you are weak . 
  edit ; i mean mentally weak . 
  they are just text and you can mute people if they get to you that much . 
  i do n't see how anyone can be bullied to do anything through chat . 
  but what people want is lp because that let 's you climb, 
  my point is that if you let people online only through text get to you so much that you go afk , when you can just mute them , your mental tolerance is pretty weak . 
  that 's why mute button is there . 
  mute button is your friend, 
  mute mute mute mute !, 
  tommen dies in the season 6 , or early season 7 if he is lucky . 
  i do n't know who would be to one to kill him . 
  perhaps faith militia for being a bastard born of incest , or perhaps the sandsnakes , which seems unlikely though . 
  they 'll probably focus on getting their shit together at dorne . 
  my favorite would be the faceless men being ordered to kill tommen . 
  this is the least likely , but i would like to see arya get some revenge on the lannisters .
