  and new characters are being released at really good rate . 
  the game balance is also incredibly good . 
  you can really take any character and none of them are horribly underpowered , or overpowered . 
  i wish i could switch over , but i 'm league addict . 
  my babe hel is waiting there for me . 
  hel is strong in joust league ? 
  well this should be fun . 
  oh that should be good for me , 
  hel 's 3 in the dark stance as well . . 
  i find the adc to be really contested one . 
  `` oh look i 'm badass grim reaper , sneaky assassin . 
  they should ask if anyone wants their god or they wll reroll . 
  that hel wont be banned much , atleast when i 'm starting out, 
  smite can be doing that for longer in my opinion , since they do n't actually have to invent the gods . 
  they have so many gods to turn into game characters that they are noit going to run out anytime soon . 
  [ split personality disorder ] ( https://www.smitefire.com/images/god/card/hel.png ), 
  why are you at zero points with this comment ? 
  this ^ ^, 
  only problem i have with it is that people get annoyed , because i communicate too much . 
  oh , and also smite has actually working voice chat in form of a curse voice . 
  teemo is an adc ? 
  if they released that information , botters would make their bots undetectable . 
  i usually upgrade it to frostfang and leave it there until medallion . 
  there are no ( or very few ) support mains who ever upgrade to frost queens . 
  medallion is just so much better . 
  riot does n't listen to pbe community , and does n't fix the bugs they report . 
  i 'm pretty sure we need one more : dickbutt, 
  it actually says that tough . 
  do n't trust the docs, 
  mordekaiser invisible dragon . 
  that is my all time favorite music in league . 
  so many good memories from dominion ... 
  dominion does n't have to be for fun . 
  it can be as competitive as summoner 's rift , if riot just gave it a chanche ... 
  they could have just removed the blindpick , done some balance changes and dominion would become lot more entertaining for lots of more players . 
  if they are just thinking about money , they would jsut remove dominion all together . 
  they really need to just do some balance changes to dominion and it would be way more entertaining and more people would be willing to play it . 
  it does n't . 
  it 's all matter of the perspective . 
  people want to decline the existance of the whole gamemode . 
  so . . is na 's dominion playerbase that much bigger that it can support both queues ? 
  should all dominion players go over to na ? 
  why with 6 players ? 
  how would that benefit ? 
  in my opinion dominion needs some targeted balance changes to some champions and small tweaks to gameplay . 
  blind draft would be perfect for dominion . 
  we also need some changes to champions when they are played in dominion : /, 
  i 'm in one right now ... . aaaand someone dodged . 
  i do and i riot riot . 
  there are just ^ so ^ ^ few ^ ^ ^ of ^ ^ ^ ^ us ^ ^ ^ ^ that ^ ^ ^ ^ no ^ ^ ^ ^ one ^ ^ ^ ^ hears, 
  does n't adc stand for attack damage carry or am i completly wrong ? 
  how am i speaking out of my ass ? 
  my information is completly correct , as long as you do n't provide reason it 's wrong . 
  how exactly do you know that ? 
  if my main gets reworked ( check above ) , i do n't really mind , because thing that draws me to morgana is honestly the whole fallen angel thing . 
  also i doubt that they will remove 2 of her most iconic abilities , dark binding and purple shield , completly . 
  could they make it optional ? 
  or do n't they have the technology to give as choices yet ? 
  please play bot games . 
  do n't ruin the game for possible new players . 
  bots are quite fast way to level to 10, 
  yes , for the actual big visual updates that completly change the champions tyle , like karma and sion . 
  i 'm really suprised that sion didi n't get a traditional skin . 
  fiora 's and gankplank 's changes are too small in my opinion to get traditional skins . 
  braum just has one more stack . 
  otherwise it 's pretty much the same . 
  because why would they remove frostfang , when the item is not bugged . 
  i know no one who actually plays support alot , that buys frostqueen 's claim . 
  medallion isj sut far more superior compared to it . 
  why do they say that you indicated that you aren ot the owner of your account ? 
  can you show us the ticket you send them ? 
  what item ? 
  it 's only usefull with people you know ... 
  do n't die , have high kill participation . 
  maybe it 's with the free windows 10 upgrade . 
  i atleast have really high ping with windows 10 ( in other games aswell , so it should n't be riot 's fault ) . 
  maybe that is causing it . 
  yes, 
  i do n't want dominion to be removed . 
  i like it . 
  they should just give it * some * attention one in while . 
  remove the whole rune system . 
  it 's horrible . 
  play safe , and do n't push , when you do n't know where the nemy jungler is . 
  look at the map . 
  so you didi n't get to the game at all ? 
  you were browsing reddit for 15 minutes and didi n't go check if annie had loaded in ? 
  i 'll gues for next patch : it 's one of the champions they are reworking . 
  it will be either mordekaiser or skarner . 
  send a support ticket . 
  just make runes free , or atleast cheaper . 
  next step : do n't wear anything, 
  need a dispenser here . 
  need a dispenser here . 
  `` that spy is not one of us ! '', 
  ** i am fully ** * medic !, 
  i crafted the hat for that set before i was premium user i think . 
  i still wear it to this day . 
  i can confirm , russians are everywhere and they piss everyone off . 
  i just consider ` marksman ' and ` adc ' to be different things .
