  finland built a wall of finns . 
  they are obivously on summer break now . 
  if you are in finland you do n't have to beg for your live . 
  we go over north pole of course . 
  we just drilled a hole through norway, 
  how to solve refugee crisis :, 
  solve the middle-east and make it an acceptable place for humans to live at, 
  send refugees back to their home country , because they do n't need asylum anymore, 
  even though finland is made up by russia and japan , we actually also created a made up country , estonia . 
  estonia is n't a real country . 
  it 's a landmass south from where finland supposedly is , even though it is n't . 
  the landmass was unclaimed for a long time and no one realised it for a long time . 
  finland conquered this land ( not exactly sure when . 
  it 's not exactly public info ), 
  and turned it into a colony . 
  they kidnapped some people from \u00c5land and brainwashed them to believe to be estonian and told them that their biggest export product is alcohol . 
  they have since been making alcohol as mass production and selling it for cheap , because finns did n't tell them about taxes or minimum wage . 
  this is further confirmed by the language they speak . 
  it sounds like drunk finnish with small similarities to swedish . 
  in \u00c5land , they speak both finnish and swedish . 
  mostly . 
  the brainwashing affected the part of their brain which processes language , by accident , so they actually made up their own language . 
  all the evidence is there if you just look . 
  they do n't make finnish exclusive keyboards , because finland is n't real, 
  it 's called a `` swedish o '' for a reason, 
  you nailed the use of \u00e4 and \u00f6 in the `` i \u00e4m finland . 
  we live right next to each\u00f6ther '', 
  the pronounciations fit perfectly, 
  i was expecting `` thos page does n't exist '' or `` page not found '', 
  we do n't have much , bit we got coldness . 
  we like cold . 
  do n't touch my cold . 
  100 is the best rank . 
  the rank is representation of your mmr . 
  you need certain mmr for each rank i believe . 
  they also saod that the top players will be at 90 + and that 100 will be really hard to achieve or atleast maintain . 
  to lnow how well you compare against rest of the playerbase , you 'll have to wait until more people get their actual ranks by playing more ranked . 
  i expect blizzard to release some numbers at the end of the summer season . 
  things like what ammount of players are below 25 , between 25 and 50 etc. 
  how many will bother buying a new copy ? 
  overwatch is decently priced unlike something like cs : go, 
  well not yet . 
  people just need to play more, 
  in this case it 's a physical box so that 's prpbably it, 
  no hero limits . 
  even if it is cheesy , it should be allowed . 
  playing multiples of same heroes is n't a gamebreaking strategy , thus should be allowed . 
  cheesy strategies are perfectly fine, 
  less people playing qp, 
  there should n't be a group xp bonus , it makes no sense . 
  also yeah a small increase to the entry level . 
  it 's pretty hatlrd to judge how well supports are doing . 
  they 'll improve the system just wait, 
  one trick ponies and people who main heroes : they are 100 % allowed to do so . 
  there are no rules against it , or anything saying they have to play a healer or a tank if they do n't want to . 
  yeah sure, 
  if it is impossible to climb as a one trick , then those players wo n't climb and will be shortet down to the bottom, 
  perhaps , but who does that hurt ? 
  but even then , that does n't apply to everyone in either category, 
  what negative effects would banning religous schools cause ? 
  some theory suggest that it was that podric actually cared about them and listened to them , which is not what most people visitting brothels do . 
  that kind of interaction is probably more valuable to whores than the greatest sex in the world . 
  til i do n't remember many celebrities that i would like to have sex with, 
  i really wan na get fucked by deadpool with that hot guy from school, 
  oberyn martell and loras tyrell, 
  on the topic of game of thrones :, 
  oberyn martell and loras tyrell, 
  you are thinking of islander and toa . 
  mako and sharkbait are the ones with the shark mask , and they are definetly pirate skins, 
  can confirm . 
  i only ever play supports and i have only won one competive match . 
  kinda sad , really, 
  i have pretty much only played support in competitive , because nobody else wants to play a healer , and have only won a one game so far, 
  c +1 c +1, 
  good, 
  my character yells : `` sniper ! '', 
  runs back in panic and dies anyways, 
  player 1 . 
  player 2 . 
  player 1 . vva vvgn ver, 
  player 2 . 
  vvt vvgn vvgg, 
  player 3 . 
  i find that it 's really easy to learn the most common ones , since it is pretty logical for the most part . 
  va _ for anything attack related vd _ for anything defense related etc. 
  it 's not that confusing when you think about it . 
  perhaps something similarish to tf2 's system where it is z , x and c plus a number . 
  i think this is the best option , since it 's easy to press one of those key 's with your thumb and then a number key . 
  those buttons are even free , since they are only used for commans . 
  inb4 they do this and people call them a tf2 copycats . 
  but for real , this would be an amazing system , since all of those buttons are used for commands already . 
  this would be amazing if it was possible to keep walking while typing . 
  atleast in tf2 , if you hold w while typing you can still walk forwards , you just ca n't use the letter w, 
  for tf2 , it was the content creators that kept the game alive, 
  though i can understand the frustration if they were being crushed that hard, 
  as i said , it 's only bad if you rush it . 
  there are better early items, 
  the main problem is that on some maps the first point is really easy to cap compared to the rest . 
  best could probably be one round of koth as a decider, 
  thus why i think they should throw the teams into a koth map and the winner of the first round wins .
