  same . 
  support gets tiring if you get it every single game, 
  it 's taken sadly . 
  by a player who does n't even play morgana :(, 
  ** again **, 
  oh that 's amazing !, 
  and it 's available as well . 
  ended up choosing the name that was first on the strawpoll . 
  i now own a smurf called : snared to death . 
  there are still some names that are really great . 
  my personal favorite out of those on the strawpoll was valar morghalis as well as morgapocalypse, 
  very similar to me . 
  started watching season 4 somewhere in the middle when it came on tv ( just like from normal tv . 
  no paid subscription or anything ) . 
  went online and watched seasons 4 and 5 . wanted more and subsribed to hbo . 
  watched the show from the first episode to the last episode of season 5 in under two weeks . 
  the longer i watch the gif , the faker the fighting becomes . 
  and then you get problems like having all of the books paperback , but they are printed by different company , or they changed the style and they do not match . 
  oh the strugles . 
  meanwhile i read all of the harry potter books expect one by getting them from a library . 
  do i buy the rest of them just to have a complete set , which will be hard since i ca n't find anymore books with the same cover style that i have and i will hate it even more if one of them is different . 
  paris attacks were on friday the thirteent . 
  i 'm pretty sure they chose these dates for a reason, 
  but religious freedom does n't apply on kids i see . 
  i prefer anti-freedom, 
  even if they took multiple games , it would n't work . 
  pbe is not an even playing field , since there are people from all skil levels and around the world playing with high ping . 
  and i bet he has pretty much full hp clear with voidlings tanking everything . 
  i do wonder how jungle zyra does now that she can have plants tank at level 1 . 
  i would imagine that her clear is pretty easy as well . 
  old zyra was n't bad clearer , so now it must be even better . 
  wondering why you are getting downvoted ? 
  because killing someone with just q e and aa is just dumb . 
  thank you for standing still with your over the top attackspeed . 
  now get snared for 3 years and melt in my pool of toxic waste . 
  and most supports at that level probably ca n't keep watching when their adc needs it . 
  only way to win is to not play . 
  you are welcome . 
  i 'm pretty sure that riot does n't like the idea of champions being able to delete another in an instant . 
  and solo lane soraka becomes a thing again . 
  tank [ insert an assassin champion here ] builds are n't / were n't good ? 
  vlad meta after rework . 
  vlad becomes op . 
  people play braum top to counter him . 
  braum top is now meta . 
  there could be some problematic interactions with some champions abilities . 
  what 's wrong with playing what you want on pbe ? 
  it 's still helping at testing things . 
  that 's a much better way than forcing yourself to play something . 
  who plays tank talon or leblanc ? 
  even when you do not own all the champions it sucks . 
  when you get a champion shard , you should get something extra aswell , because it 's so worthless . 
  atleast in my opinion . 
  mystery skin is in no way a rip off . 
  you will always get a skin worth the price of the mystery skin . 
  why should it unlock mastery level 6 and 7 ? 
  it 's called * mastery * for a reason . 
  if more mastery levels ever get added , they should be freely accessable . 
  grinding to get chest and a key only to get something useless ? 
  yeah a perfect system . 
  and here i am strugling to have enough ip for runes . 
  a beautifull concept . 
  also to add that making chromas takes riot really small effort . 
  another way they could get more sales from chromas for base skins would be selling them one by one . 
  i do n't want three recolours . 
  usually i use only one . 
  but there is no point in mastery levels 6 and 7 to be unlocked through champion essence . 
  why not just make them available for free , instead of having to buy chests or get them from your free chests ? 
  if you ask me , that would suck . 
  but getting lucky with chest loot has nothing to do with mastering a champion . 
  i agree that there should be a good use for blue essence , but getting champion mastery from it would be stupid . 
  so you would spend blue essence to get to champion mastery level 6 and so on ? 
  that does n't make any sense . 
  why would you have to spend blue essence for that though ? 
  what about us who do not own all champions and would rather unlock champions with champion shards and essence ? 
  why not just give mastery levels 6 and 7 as a free feature ? 
  depends on the next ultimate skin . 
  what if it 's an azir skin ? 
  well , yes , when the free thing is actually useless or something they already have . 
  that could be confusing . 
  i agreen . 
  cait is the dumbest shit . 
  exactly . 
  it 's really easu . 
  a newbie . 
  in arena 3 . 
  crying because i ca n't find prince . 
  i like recolours . 
  i do n't think they would be uggly . 
  yeah . 
  they are making them so that onlyvtheir clothes are changed . 
  expect for `` naked '' gods . 
  hmm ... 
  i have been using skeleton army against it . 
  should i swap it for tombstone ? 
  he was so bad that he did n't even get into an art school, 
  new year sexual assault/happened all over europe . 
  which is really scary . 
  and then you shoot your new neighbour who just came to greet you and now you are arrested for murder . 
  yes .
