  more likely would probably be people not beliving the asteroid even exists, 
  that 's actually really interesting point of view . 
  if the use of adblockers increases , websites may have to start charging customers so they can see their site , if they are using adblocker . 
  i met an ice lance mage . 
  it lost to deadly poison rogue, 
  holy light paladin does as well . 
  or the budget version , holy light , works as well . 
  i held onto my weapon till i was 15 attack . 
  for some reason the mage did n't spare a lance to freeze me . 
  i get the shade and the potf , but where do i get 8 extra entombs ? 
  have rez priest decks started to run lorewalker ? 
  if they remove the cards that are necessary for classes ( for example priest and excaveted evil for board clear ) they 'll have to keep re-doing the same kinds of cards , just so that all classes have what they need to be viable . 
  cards like that should at least be in the standard for good . 
  this exactly . 
  kharazan is for a large part a waste of money or gold . 
  i bought it myself and i 'm largely regretting it . 
  i did n't want to buy loe , because i knew it was going to rotate out next year . 
  now i 'm considering buying loe and the first wing of brm , because a single wing of either is way better than whole kharazan combined . 
  i 'm glad they did , or otherwise new and f2p players would be forced to play wild . 
  no f2p wants to craft a legendary that will eventually rotate out . 
  it 's good that there is a safe option that wo n't rotate out of standard . 
  just something people seem to forget when complaining about the classic cards in standard . 
  we really should just stop acting like wild is trash and/or that it does n't even exist . 
  yet most of the community acts like wild is n't even a real thing . 
  i 've seen people telling others to de all the cards that rotate out . 
  yes, 
  not everyone plays 28 + games a day, 
  you dropped this \\ ^ \\ o _, 
  all cersei has is the mountain and wildfire . 
  we 'll see where that gets her . 
  ( hypo ) mania makes me insanely narcissistic , so i guess there 's that . 
  fuck you i 'm better than you , yet i still want to kill myself so what does that make of you ? 
  china especially . 
  so much better . 
  cyprus would be great , though i would go for a centered design on that one . 
  for the nordics , what should have been done is a single vertical stripe and the coat of arms on it . 
  that 's just wasting everyone 's time , unless the mage can win with the 8 class cards . 
  or who had more damage spells , though it seems they did n't have rooms for anything else other than naturalizes . 
  yeah , just stalling out the game to attempt to win fatigue game is boring . 
  even then , they should be allowed psychological help . 
  even a full name can be bad . 
  with a name , you can find out a lot online, 
  you ca n't make me burn cards , if i 'm out of cards !, 
  jokes on you ... oh wait . 
  shit ! '', 
  lightwalden priest . 
  skip the light of naaru, 
  did you only playone game / s, 
  personally i like holy light paladin, 
  why, 
  implant it into your wrist . 
  problem solved, 
  gang up , raptor and the card that doubles deathrattles, 
  that should be a tavern brawl : start with 4 mana , you wo n't gain any per turn . 
  would be fun to see how that actually plays out, 
  imgur community is actually really nice . 
  i use to browse it a lot . 
  i 'm pretty sure they do n't hate reddit , they are just annoyed about pictures being shared to imgur , when just using it as an image host, 
  because there is a community , that only shares stuff to imgur . 
  it 's not all without context for them . 
  they are n't hating . 
  they are downvoting stuff that does n't have context , so it gets filtered, 
  the pictures do n't have to be shared on imgur in order to host them there . 
  so does reddit . 
  what 's your point ? 
  / r/finlandconspiracy is leaking again, 
  meanwhile i 'm a guy and i like to sit with my legs crossed , because it 's comfortable and i get called a girl for it . 
  why ca n't we just let people sit the way they want , dammit . 
  if by ` princess cross ' you mean sitting with your knee over the other ( wthe name does n't actually match , according to quick google search ) that 's how i sit , because that 's comfortable . 
  what 's weird about that ? 
  a fellow leg crosser . 
  i get called out for it as well , though honestly i do n't mind being called a girl, 
  in finland that is a national tradition when in a bus, 
  pretty sure that majority of people are n't symmetrical in flexibility or what ever, 
  to add , bad netdecks , since most players here lack cards . 
  warriors seem to always have legendaries in their decks though . 
  weird . 
  note that i 'm not saying that not having legendaries is a limitting factor , just that netdecking does n't work when you do n't have the cards . 
  better to build around what you got . 
  and to players who do n't wish to gamble it 's pretty much like having no tavern brawl at all ... 
  they beter not bring it back again, 
  they could atleast make a free variant with no rewards other than the one free pack they usually give . 
  what indicates that there will be special rules for deck building ? 
  really hope this does n't become permanent , atleast not with that price, 
  they should make a free variant with no rewards other than the one free pack they usually give . 
  as others have said before , this is most likely a test for a tournament mode . 
  it 's a crappy one , and i see some salt in our future if this becomes a permanent feature with these prices . 
  and there 's a huge barrier for entry . 
  for most it 's gon na be like not having tavern brawl at all ... 
  i would he perfectly fone woth this , if there was a free variant with no special rewards . 
  the price is just locking huge part of people away from this . 
  a tip for you : do n't play it . 
  save gold for the next expansion, 
  very few will get 12 though, 
  do n't play it, 
  most players cabable of 12 wins already have everything they would ever need in this game . 
  finally someone gets it, 
  alternatively , i do n't understand sexual attraction towards women . 
  straight guys are the most confusing of all . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ but ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ they ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ are ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ so ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ hot ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ though ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ < 3,
