  some context for the not familiar : league of legends had matchmaking problems , which caused a lot of toxicity , so they completly revamped it , adding an option to choose your role in advance , which was the greatest addition into the game in its ' whole life time , but also they allowed full teams to que up in the same ladder as solo players , which became frustrating . 
  i just got into match i continue this later, 
  thank you for your superior formatting skills, 
  next up : we figure out how long is soon , so we can find out how long is a valve soon . 
  this should also give us the formula for the soon \u2122, 
  the wall is going to need the men, 
  just a friendly family fight !, 
   hodor is still alive and is actually nymeria, 
  there is hope, 
   arya after stealing a whitewalker 's face , will fight tyrion, 
  arya stealing a face of a whitewalker ? 
  now that 's badass, 
  still not as good challenge as the one cersei does :, 
   cersei will arrive in the wall to challenge a bear on behalf of lyanna mormont . 
  olenna tyrell is definetly up to something ... 
   olenna tyrell , the night 's king , and jon snow will go on a season-long journey together across the wall . 
  it all makes sense now !, 
  i do n't care about what jaime is doing with the dragons , i want to know what the fuck is arya doing :, 
   arya after stealing varys 's face , will seduce ramsay 's dogs . 
  again ? 
   arya after stealing coldhands 's face , will seduce ramsay 's dogs . 
   gregor clegane will kill a bear . 
  well ok, 
  this one is n't too farfetched :, 
   gregor clegane will kill a bear . 
   jon snow is actually the prince that was promised . 
  oh i got another one , which makes this one a bit darker :, 
   gregor clegane is actually a bear . 
  you do n't want littlefinger ? 
  is this better ? 
   lyanna mormont is actually the prince that was promised . 
   sandor clegane will arrive just in time to stab a wildling princess , saving ramsay 's dogs . 
  the hound always looks after the hounds, 
  more incest :, 
   asha greyjoy will end up marrying theon greyjoy to cement control over vaes dothrak . 
  also , arya is scary :, 
   arya after stealing coldhands 's face , will seduce ramsay 's dogs . 
   arya after stealing varys 's face , will seduce ramsay 's dogs . 
  lots of guilds are currently trying to find a way to skip the ending . 
  i think the devs should just remove it , or make it optional . 
  most people do n't like it , and those who do often want to skip straight to it . 
  one of these countries is n't like the other ... 
  they need to start handing out condoms, 
  for once i 'm happy that none of my grandparants are together anymore ... 
  perhaps the title `` mother nature '' would be more fitting ? 
  i think this could be one of the cheap skins riot is mkaing now . 
  added you . 
  summoner name : paperi, 
  does there need to be ? 
  having no ending just leaves them open for a sequel, 
  valve has though been tying it together with the comics they have been releasing . 
  i think lol comics would also be nice to have . 
  i agree with you . 
  those kinds of short lore stories would be great for league . 
  the cinematics they have released have just mostly been gloryfied in-game matches , nothing about lore, 
  sivhd as ezreal of course, 
  only sad thing is that league of legends / institute of war is n't cannon anymore, 
  ionia has a lots of great lore . 
  i do n't know if the noxian invasion of ionia is cannon anymore , but that would be a great movie . 
  so many champion 's origin story is tied to that even :, 
  riven fought in the noxian invasion , yasuo 's elders and family were killed , varus ' village was slaughtered , if i recall correctly irelia died and soraka brought her back to live by binding her life force to her blades , which made them the floating blades of terror they are today . 
  karma 's village was attacked , and she used her powers to drive the noxians away . 
  singed used his poisons on master yi 's village . 
  lee sin 's lore is bound to it , but i 'm pretty sure it 's no longer cannon since it was bound to the institue of war / league of legends , but that would still work, 
  could stil be though . 
  there are 3 different helmets, 
  i thought that i would be a jhin main, 
  i though that i would be a cait main, 
  i thought that i would be a karma main, 
  i thought that i would be a morgana main, 
  i thought that i would be an ahri main, 
  i thought that i would be a kennen main, 
  i thought that i would be an anivia main, 
  i thought that i would be a kayle main, 
  i thought that i would never find the champion i would truly fall in love with, 
  i thought that patch 6.9 zyra was completly balanced, 
  a general ap champion ca n't build ap and be succesfull , they are not made for that . 
  a general ad champion ca n't build ap and be succesful , they are not made for that, 
  lots of champions can build tank and be succesful , even though t they were never made for that . 
  i like dance meta , because i can fight against tanks . 
  against assassins , i just die instantly . 
  you want assassin meta , where if you step a bit too close you are instantly deleted ? 
  i for sure do n't . 
  i 'll take tank meta above that any day . 
  i thought that riot would bring back soloq, 
  i thought that valve was smarter than riot . 
  i was wrong, 
  i thought i would get carried away by overwatch and never return to this game again . 
  heimer ult for sure . 
  it has to longest cooldown , so you get less sheen procs, 
  ok , let 's remove his q, 
  but does n't cc from other champons count towards talon 's passive ? 
  zyra 's passive is way more useless . 
  all it can do alone is provide some warning of ganks , if you pay attention to seeds getting stepped on , since the passive seeds grant no vision, 
  but there is a lots of mobility with zed w and bonus damage from vayne q, 
  that gives me an idea ... 
  urf with completly random ability combinations !, 
  of course it would suck to get one of the ones itt , but that would be pretty rare, 
  zyra ult again, 
  whoops,
