  and to save , they will do less effort and more money . 
  his azir really deserves one . 
  ~ ~ one of ~ ~ the best azir players at worlds this year, 
  since he is coach , how about announcer pack ? 
  only in korean of course / s, 
  he does n't have to carry a game . 
  he helps his c arries get to the point where they can carry . 
  faker with ryze : omnipotence, 
  faker is n't allowed to play urf , because it would make him too powerfull for riot to control . 
  we 'll have to see which one he wants . 
  he was pretty insane on fiora , but i think he personally likes rumble more . 
  i kinda think faker would rather take ryze than azir . 
  if easyhoon gets his own skin , it 's going to be azir . 
  does laughing at that make me a horrible person ? 
  imagine that with a slow internet ... 
  what if i put the delay right before you are about to say the first word , and you have 30 seconds of time to just to think how stupid the thing you will say sounds . 
  i jsut had arena , all bachus , only leap availabe on a under 1 second cooldown with infinite mana . 
  i just spent 30 minutes watching 10 fat men jump on each other . 
  no autos ? 
  that would be interesting with any hunter ( expect neith . 
  fuck neith ) and cdr . 
  rip all autoattack buffs, 
  you liked grand slam and fat rabbit simulator ? 
  are you brain dead ? 
  watching 10 fat men jumping on each other is horrifying . 
  i actually have 3 people on my friendlist with that icon . 
  i do n't want to see no autoattacks , 90 cdr , only ult , infinite mana , only rama match ... 
  everyone is flying !, 
  why do they have noses then ? 
  `` i heard that some people get abortions by shoving a hooker inside their vagina . 
  i never want to have an abortion with a hooker . '', 
  is it just me or does this whole discussion about pro player 's rnglish skills feel really weird ? 
  of course they are . 
  they are chinese . 
  korean memes would break the internet, 
  but they do melt copper, 
  yeah . 
  they need their own server , or not speaking english at all would result in a league ban, 
  i want to see everyone on the same hunter and disabled basic attacks and bonus cdr . 
  artemis could be interesting :d, 
  arena , all pick , base does n't heal , but you can still shop . 
  faker uses the champion to win his third world championship, 
  maybe he will finally get his ahri skin ... 
  question . 
  what skins were used at finals ? 
  but that way you do n't know if they would have accepted it ; _ ;, 
  but now they counter logic , so teams ca n't win against them with logic . 
  if they become zero logic , they will have zero logic and be totally unpredictable , so probably yes . 
  we shall have 2 internet hours of silence in honor of this meme . 
  he 's a dog, 
  ` beware of the dog sign ' and let the dogs out . 
  if you ca n't read , you ate too young to go alone . 
  we had trick or treaters once on our door . 
  i live in finland . 
  there is no trick or treating here . 
  sign on the door saying : `` candy beggers will be eaten '', 
  what was the dad 's teaction , if you met him . 
  can i get context . 
  the original comment was deleted , and i want to hate aswell . 
  how does one accidentally link a cat picture , that is on a different image host site than the picture they were suppose to link ? 
  egyptian theme would be nice . 
  they should have removed the blindpick ; _ ;, 
  the player who get 's to the top would just be determined by luck , since one guy can rarely just carry over everyone . 
  not really, 
  chronos ' 2 , no passive available, 
  they could have still left it for motd . 
  it does n't take that much resources . 
  they could fix it . 
  it was broken in beta , so i think they would be able to fix it now . 
  arena with objectives . 
  would n't be surprised if they replaces arena with that . 
  it would still be as casual as arena , and have the same teamfight aspect , but there would be objectives to work for . 
  / r/outside does n't really like advertising like that, 
  it was 10 \u00b0 in finland today . 
  yes . 
  at this point , i 'm sure they are doing it on purpose , to people who have registered for the beta . 
  stream now , and get 10 times the viewers . 
  the pain will never go away , i mean not until i get in myself . 
  happened to me with league at first , then swtiched to smite , and it happened gain , then with tf2 and so on , going trough my whole game library :(, 
  well he is a robot . 
  they are most likely old players , and have everthing already . 
  you get both . 
  the right one is suppose to be a downside, 
  i will end up staying silver 1 this year , and promise to myself that i 'll climb to gold next year . 
  support main heaven is waiting in season 6, 
  you do n't breath trough your nose in the north . 
  the cold air stings . 
  ca n't tou see that we are in the middle of a conversatio !, 
  how rude ! '', 
  suffering . 
  and old ladies . 
  how about learn to walk fast and type at the same time . 
  i assume that 's why they slow down . 
  i can . 
  i typed that while walking . 
  one word , look up , second word , look up ... 
  i had a dream about checking my hone , and getiing a beta invite . 
  would n't being a manwhore be beta, 
  your wish came true . 
  be carefull,
