  i suspect few retards and an army of bots, 
  scattergun or shortstop depending on my mood . 
  cleaver . 
  lot of those are in use, 
  shortstop or pistol, 
  has anyone tested if elephants have concept of their existance , similar to humans , that is required to be suicidal ? 
  i do n't think that 's true . 
  summoner is no more, 
  she was unique before . 
  now she is just generic mage . 
  soraka too . 
  the kid probably tought that je had stds, 
  quick !, 
  take a picture . 
  they are pretty rare . 
  degloving is one of the things i have to ask this quoestion about : why is this a thing ? 
  you did not say anything about reddit tough / r/degloving, 
  the tooltip caals it a teleport, 
  let 's do fuck escrow then, 
  goodbye , steam . 
  hello blizzard . 
  take me to the overwatch wonderland . 
  if we are conspiracy theorising i 'll say that blizzard has an inside man at valve to fuck things up . 
  how about making it so that you ca n't copy the username of people , so scammers ca n't pretend to be someone else ? 
  they do n't want to buy it . 
  they just want you to gift it to them, 
  same as people randomly add me on servers and ask if i 'm selling x cosmetic that i 'm currently wearing . 
  if you want to buy it , just go to a trading website . 
  that [ removed ], 
  they must have changed that , or i remember wrong, 
  they probably just wont trade to people without it, 
  `` of '' solves that problem, 
  show me !, 
  mastery 5 would n't be enough . 
  the technology is there in form of lsi, 
  he shall choose ryze and ryze shall tumble, 
  source ? 
  i disagree . 
  i predict lane bully supports to rise next season . 
  and morgana is great against them . 
  yeah, 
  karma and morgana , because i think that karma is really strong , at least if the snowball meta stays . 
  morgana , because i like to bring them pain . 
  [ here 's ] ( http://www.surrenderat20.net/2015/07/red-post-collection-514-patch-rundown.html#5 ) a ff@20 redpost collection with meddler talking about what 's planned for shen, 
  tl : dr something like gp 's rework in terms of gameplay , not sure about what level of vu . 
  and bigger chanche that they will add this . 
  lots of games do n't like to add fan created content , because it can get complicated, 
  yeah . 
  you need to zoom in to the positive things in life . 
  irrelevant , but mildly interesting, 
  lick it up boy , lick it up . 
  entry fee for guys : suck one dick . 
  on mobile and it does n't fit . 
  can you tell me what it is, 
  philosophy/ethics/social studies are such important things to teach , yet atleast here in finland , we only have social studies at the 9th grade , which is the last grade in finland . 
  but how much more likely are you going to be killed by religous person or an atheist, 
  seems surprisingly smaller than i expected, 
  the orgin of that sillyness is unknow i think, 
  then you do gg ez, 
  can we rub our balls together as a proof of oue frienship ? 
  is it really that bad down there ? 
  can i do something to get special treatment there ? 
  i might . 
  depends if he is hot enough for me . 
  that 's pretty cool . 
  may i ask , what breed is the puppy . 
  or is kenny jesus ? 
  some people should not exist . 
  they needed a woman 's touch, 
  do two silences cancel each other out ? 
  started two days ago . 
  ca n't keep my hands away from the damn thing . 
  v\u00e9ry, 
  that is actually pretty simple guide by looking at the pictures . 
  the center with the x on it will be facing you and you turn the layers to the direction to the arrow . 
  my classic rubik 's was actually really easy to take apart . 
  harder part was getting the pieces in again . 
  that would be hell to memorize . 
  letter combinations are alot easier . 
  well , they would just need to movew the decimal two points over . 
  then it 's 5000,0 seconds . 
  conclusion : no pyros were nerfed . 
  what is the normal charge speed ? 
  i want to know how fast demo would be if it did work . 
  name one that has to be . 
  easier is just to touch a kid with your genitals . 
  fucking takes too much time, 
  it takes too long, 
  zero tolerance , zero brain . 
  what, 
  sarcasm will probably cause the end of our world . 
  i want statistics on arrests for suspected bombs . 
  and you can change the type of food . 
  do you have a condom on you ? 
  does it help you to focus, 
  currently i only own a rubik 's brand cube . 
  i want to buy a speedcube . 
  what do you think is the best cube to get after only using rubik 's . 
  also , i would prefer to get a stickerles . 
  someone did a scary detective work on my reddit account history , and even just from few months of comments they found alot of info of me .
