  [ as you command ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ohg5sjyrha0 ), 
  i read somewhere that special letters only work on their respective regions ( which have the language which the special character is from ) . 
  you can probably get those to other regions via transfer . 
  and why waste time invading a planet which has intelligent life that can fight back , instead of just taking over a planet that has no entablished civilizations . 
  for humans . 
  also downvotes ( aswell as upvotes ) snowball . 
  if people see comment that is already in the negative side , they are more likely to downvote it . 
  and my point is that they would n't waste time doing that , unless earth is the only habitable planet they could reach . 
  are big dicks offensive now ? 
  has there been research of what could cause the increased ammount of opposite gender hormones ? 
  i want her pixie cut . 
  i 'm a guy and identify as one but still, 
  what even is paprika ? 
  in finnish , those are just called paprika . 
  if it 's chili , then it is chili paprika . 
  and if it 's like chili powder , it 's just chili . 
  i have been using a spice which says `` paprika powder '' . 
  why does every other language have to be so confusing . 
  atleast finnish is perfectly logical language . 
  embrace the black gay jesus !, 
  french is my second favourite language for songs that i do n't understand . 
  russian ( and other eastern european languages ) still takes the first place . 
  if you learn swedish , you actually have 3 options for countries :d, 
  that way you actually have to do well , instead of just losing 10 thousand games and still getting mastery . 
  i do n't have any ip to spare ... 
  sorry for cofusion . 
  i do n't know russian . 
  i just enjoy listening to russian songs ;d, 
  they are all perfectly logical of course !, 
  [ here ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/finnish_noun_cases ) it is !, 
  let 's say both . 
  already used for dorne, 
  that 's all they know . 
  they lived beyond the wall . 
  nobody cared about dominion , yet there was still a hardcore fanbase . 
  same for treeline . 
  who cares about your 3v3 rank ? 
  the people playing it . 
  i enjoyed it aswell , but never got too involved . 
  main things holding me back were lack of support by riot and lack of community , who i could have learned meta and such from . 
  this is not regular first world anarchy . 
  thos is advanced anarchy, 
  i guess india 's goverment does n't want to look modern and socially advanced in the eyes of the modern world . 
  or is homosexuality harshly condemned in hinduism ? 
  that would explain it . 
  i do n't follow hockey ( i 'm a heretic , i know ) , but i 'm already at the tori . 
  in turku to be exact . 
  am i doing this right ? 
  i 'm a big fan of onetrick ponies , mastering a single champion to the perfection . 
  i have been looking to find a champion to be a otp with , but have n't been able to find the one . 
  i know that it 's mostly about likingba champion enough to just keep playing it , but i still need some help . 
  i feel weak whit every champion that i feel that i 'm at least decent with . 
  note this , i play a mix of mid and top lane , with strictly ap champs . 
  i often try to be somewhat agressive and win lane , if the matchup is n't hard . 
  my most played champions are :, 
  morgana ( my most played champion , though mostly trough support games , i have since abandoned the role , becausebof the new champion select ), 
  kennen , at the moment i feel like he is my best champion , but he feels lacking something, 
  karma , i love her , but i get really quickly bored of her . 
  lissandra , i do n't know what it is . 
  she seems to be perfect for my playstyle but something feels off about her . 
  so who of these should i main ? 
  i like them all , but feel weak with all of them . 
  ** tl : dr ** should i be a one trick pony for morgana , karma , kennen , lissandra or another similar champion ? 
  if you are asking about how to change the key for auto attacking , you need to be in a game to do so . 
  you can just create a custom game . 
  then press esc and scroll down . 
  click on the player movement . 
  from there you can change all the keys related to player movement, 
  i think he qas asking how to change keybindings . 
  you can see how many chests you can unlock from your profile . 
  you can roam to mid if a ward spots their jungler trying to gank . 
  also if your lane is pushed to the opponent 's tower , you can gank mid , or if you think you can beat their jungler , you can try and invade . 
  care to not get caught though . 
  also you can play the few champions with global ultimates . 
  shen and pantheon come to mind . 
  but tp ganks are also a greqt way . 
  depending on who your jungler is , go in if you are healthy . 
  they either stay to fight you or run towards your jungler . 
  make sure you do n't die though and that your jungler is close enough . 
  if you are low , you can bait the enemy to overextend for an easier gank . 
  be very cateful though . 
  safest way to get a kill with a gank when you are behind or low is to wait for your jungler to go in . 
  do you need to deal high area damage/are you fed ? 
  ult self . 
  an enemy carry is fed and destroying your team and you are only one who can burst them down ? 
  ult them unless they got qss . 
  lissandra is a cc machine . 
  her role is to cc and deal aoe damage in teamfights . 
  you should probably ult self most of the time so you can deal more aoe damage through your w and q by staying alive longer . 
  braum does n't have * hard * engage before 6 . 
  his ult is his main engage . 
  pre 6 he mostly tries to land q , so your ad can land some basic attacks or even proc your passive . 
  is elise played ap or tanky ap now ? 
  i have mostly seen her played tank, 
  search for lol wiki . 
  that is a great site for all your stat and ability interaction needs, 
  if you want to nuke someone with a single ability/ability combo i recomend veigar , syndra , lux or annie . 
  veigar potentially highest . 
  syndra is second, 
  people with small dicks,
