  when biting the sides you jsut look like you are thinking something really hard . 
  i do it in class to look like i 'm actually doing something ... 
  i 'm surprised that my dentist has not told me that ever . 
  i 'm biting my lips aswell ... 
  oh , i think i might have been breaking the rules ... 
  muster _ ? 
  when medicism started . 
  go to cp_powerhouse . 
  there is always atleast one sentry , and they are easy to destroy while ubered . 
  so , when are we getting battle medic contracts ? 
  on snowplow , blue teams forward spawn makes you go to the wrong direction . 
  but your account is premium after you buy something, 
  it 's a free game , where you can spend money if you want . 
  after you buy something , you are upgraded to a premium account . 
  before that you were basicly playing the free version of tf2, 
  heavye gets kicked for hacking , because five medics are pocketing him . 
  i just have to open my car door, 
  something something survival of the fittest ... 
  i sometimes have problems feeling empathy towards other people . 
  and i have even less empathy towards children or babies . 
  this is the reason i will never have kids . 
  i would throw them away by accident . 
  children are a hostage sitsuation and you are the hostage . 
  til stockholm syndrome is more common than i tought , sicne abusive relationships are a thing . 
  you are probably * on * the way, 
  if not , they will give each other series of symbols that they can use to contact each other to form a stronger bond before sex is had . 
  if this very unlikely event happens , humans will most likely use objects to prevent reproduction , making it a wonder itself that they still exist as a species . 
  humans are also the only animals who care what others think about them and their mate , in other ways than how strong offspring they will produce . 
  finding a species similar to one there is on earth on mars . 
  and ruined the system while doing so . 
  and by crashing you get permanent brain damage . 
  and reading this is just looking at a screen producing lights in different patterns determined by series of ones and zeros , and the number and order of them is determined by me pressing buttons with symbols on them at my home . 
  equally meaningless is saying `` i like reddit '', 
  i think that since those movies exist , we wont let that happen . 
  this proves that even movies can be actually usefull . 
  lots of sci-fi movies would probably help when thinking about all the things that could go wrong with something in the future . 
  ca n't fix it ? 
  replace it . 
  reproductive organ filled with blood, 
  i just have n't tought about it as a case of stockholm syndrome, 
  we have lot of words that can be used as equivalent of `` fuck '', 
  please do n't use google translate for finnish when there are more than one word , and usually not even then . 
  needs 3 vacinators for each type, 
  want something to be a meme ? 
  ** kayle can do it **, 
  oi peura does n't work . 
  it just refers to the animal , 
  the smallest child you have . 
  i 'm on a diet . 
  i promised i would not eat big children anymore ... 
  alternative to children : a douche cat . 
  and place the alarm so you ca n't turn it off from bed . 
  what about bathrooms that do n't have locks ? 
  i have seen some , and even more dressing rooms without locks . 
  i always end up holding the door closed , paranoid about someone coming in . 
  dogs are different . 
  mine loves being scratched from under her back legs . 
  she does n't like people touching her neck most of the time . 
  why are uneducated allowed to educate ? 
  in finland , no one would even think about keeping shoes on inside . 
  that 's why you go inside first , then leave them next to the door, 
  and i do n't think we are on jesus ' side, 
  i live in finland , and atleast busses , the most common form of public transportation out side the capital area , do n't have them . 
  and here where i live there are dozens of different kinds of busses . 
  i do n't know how a blind person manages , when i 'm already confused about which way the door will open . 
  he probably can taste , but bit differently from us . 
  how something looks or smells , can affect how it tastes . 
  something can taste bit different to him , but he can still taste . 
  i have actually never seen those in real life . 
  i hate when living things touch me without my permission . 
  i always use spacebar for pause while in full screen . 
  it 's so easy to just tap it rather than reach for the mouse . 
  then they add prankster detection systems to the cars that tell the car that it can drive over them . 
  wild animals are way more determined to what they are doing than tamed ones . 
  they are n't easily distracted . 
  if they were , wolfes would run around just smelling every single tree they come by . 
  i 'm going to get hated for this :, 
  in my opinion , if you just pick the parts from a religion that you like , you are not a member of that religion . 
  you either take it all , or none of it . 
  preferrably the later one . 
  but what does fish smell underwater ? 
  graffiti will be the equivalent of cave paintings in the future . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ probably ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ a ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ recomment, 
  is like apple . 
  everyone else uses the same thing for convenience , but they still have to be different . 
  yes , but you will never be the wrongest . 
  tin foil hat better be the new gibus . 
  i would n't mind . 
  it needs 4 people , so 1 asshole ca n't fuck up everyone 's game . 
  finland . 
  maintain eye contact . 
  estamblish surrender . 
  i usually do the partner taunt and kill them after . 
  correct . 
  lots of people forget that `` bind p explode '' is n't enough . 
  i hate you . 
  denying a taunt kill is the worst crime you could commit . 
  how would that work ? 
  would players leave the revive devices always ? 
   no ze do n't,
