  ftfy, 
  i 'm pretty sure most of them are missing some vital organs , because of medic 's scientific research, 
  medic has no sense of empathy and zero value to human life . 
  i can relate to that . 
  i would say that he is mentally sick , because he has serious lack of empathy , but then i would be calling myself metally ill, 
  definetly lead poisoning . 
  and they are probably missing some organs because of him . 
  just regular keys wrapped in tinfoil . 
  desription for them :, 
  `` these keys are specially crafted with the highly advanced alien blocking plating . '', 
  then they become tradaple , and gravel coins are worth hundreads of keys . 
  only thing i want is eternal life , so i do n't have to worry about wasting it . 
  are you dead ? 
  finland . 
  winter/fall . 
  i do n't want to freeze . 
  not sure , but is n't exp shared equally ? 
  that way it would just be double . 
  you could just test with a bot, 
  rain or snow is the natural state of finland . 
  sun is special . 
  we have great education , yet we are making it worse . 
  no room to house them . 
  people being as racist as you could expect . 
  people wreaking out about them having smartphones . 
  i hope trump would browse reddit sometime , and ge mad about everyone making fun of him . 
  i would modify myself to the point where i can live for ever . 
  with eternal life , you do n't have to worry about wasting it ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ on ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ reddit, 
  work on becoming immortal . 
  then i can enjoy the real freedom of not having to worry about anything . 
  it would be more like this : `` stick that is used to move things off the ground '', 
  the ammount of head clothing is your how good . 
  that website gave me cancer . 
  thanks god . 
   men sometimes you need to hit your wife once in a while im okay with it !!!!!!, 
  are you a people ? 
  oh my god . 
  first message was in 2010 and latest message was sent yesterday . 
  try aiming down . 
  the medic looks so underdressed . 
  you should have . 
  we just saw one in tip of the hats highlander, 
  adult who looks like a child . 
  you ca n't trade away achievement weapons , do n't worry . 
  people with high ping are so annoying, 
  powerhouse is great , if you can set up tele behind the point . 
  probably just needs some time . 
  why ? 
  hey , this is internet . 
  do n't get mad for people assuming that you are stupid before assuming you are joking . 
  no one is buying regular crates . 
  if you are at the point where you are unboxing , you will have gotten lots of crates just from drops . 
  baiscly they are not worth anything . 
  only few crates are worth selling . 
  mostly the salvaged crates . 
  i think the spy looks quite nice . 
  why limit it to mid laners ? 
  i would love to see some adc or top lane players, 
  since in lcs , teams are more organaized , they can make use of the wards they have without needing more . 
  honestly the only reason supports do n't buy the yellow instead is so we can deny vision . 
  i would love to not have to giveup an itemslot for wards tough . 
  it would be nice to have utility mastery that gave you extra slot for vision item , like wards or a sighstone . 
  `` best way to reduce toxicity is by killing everyone '', 
  someone look for account on korea with lots of zliean support games ? 
  bard speaks , but not in a way that anyone can understand . 
  sona is mute . 
  1vs1 or 2vs2 queu ? 
  rito please, 
  i do . 
  that is a ctually a great idea . 
  random mirrored champion . 
  i would like to see that as a featured gamemode atleast . 
  sadly . 
  but it 's riots fault for not doing anything for it . 
  morgana budies ? 
  the point system was so shitty . 
  please no . 
  and they really should change dominion . 
  something similar as the ascension gamemode . 
  well they worked on azir for like . . 3 years ? ... 
  there is a survivability item for adc . 
  it 's called the support . 
  kill forever, 
  i have been playing kayle as a jungle item since 2001 . 
  does n't work there . 
  and also it needs to be in bold, 
   ** kayle can do it !, 
  ftfy, 
  a dog would just look at it confudesly . 
  tis broke . '', 
  i wish that level of denial would be considered a mental illnes . 
  also `` delusional person , who believes in things that do not exist , also believes that what she thinks is right and everything else is wrong . 
  these kind of people are also known as christians . '', 
  imagine how much more advanced we would be if people like this jsut didi n't exist . 
  why ca n't we lock her in a mental hospital . 
  she is clearly not sane . 
  sometimes i wish that being stupid would be considered a mental illnes . 
  pistol or run . 
  since there is the pyro shark , should there be heavy anglerfish ? 
  i really want there to be a strange quickiebomb launcher .
