  how does that even work ? 
   can you say [ insert phrase here ] in [ insert language here ], 
  you want to know why i do n't smile ? 
  because when i smile , i look like i 'm planning to kill you any second now . 
  i do n't like to give away my element of surprise . 
  * turn to look at them , seem like you are thinking of an answer , return to staring into the emptyness of the void *, 
  other way around : `` are you depressed ? 
  you are so silent '', 
  why do n't you eat meat ? 
  keep asking that question and i might reconsider my morals when it comes to human meat . 
  you understood correctly, 
  increases your wifesteal by 10 % for every stolen senna, 
  morgana 's and kayle 's lore . 
  we came to this universe to fight each other . 
  for somereason , we joined the league of legends that does n't exist anymore . 
  league of legenends : story mode ? 
  they did minecraft story game for gods sake . 
  how hard can it be to make one out of lol ? 
  soraka 's story : heal people and stuff . 
  also get attacked by a wolf man thing . 
  what 's his lore anyways ? 
  or as a rat , that mutates and starts to kill people with a crossbow . 
  curse yourself and get lockked up in a dark chamber in this long and exciting story mode !, 
  featuring fiddlesticks !, 
  bronze chase simulator . 
  you can already . 
  it 's called : collect the chimes . 
  what did the quote say ? 
  only bard world . 
  the server side saved setting was way too big of a buff . 
  korean netcafe teams at world 's next year . 
  netcafe players will take over . 
  they doubled their play time when they were given server side settings . 
  riot , what have you done ? 
  how much will it cost to transfer ? 
  that 's closer to geometry . 
  it 's easier for him . 
  ** chimesarepeopletoo **, 
  what is a group of bards called ? 
  gives them free zhonya 's, 
  bard spikes level 1 , if you can call it a powerspike . 
  he is lot stronger than other supports at level 1 . 
  what ? 
  how would earlier level 2 preveny you from using your meeps to full effectiveness ? 
  that guy is better than faker . 
  he is the new king . 
  there better be illmaoi and vel ` koz interactions . 
  try bard in third person . 
  fixed, 
  i tried to make a joke , but it didi n't work in text . 
  i have no idea either . 
  maybe it 's a band . 
  it needs to be simo h\u00e4yh\u00e4, 
  the gibraltar one is interesting . 
  it would be pretty easy to expand on that . 
  hate the player , not the game . 
  if they will keep the game in closed beta for 8 months . 
  also , if they decide to only update one of the modes , and forget about the other ones , because they want to focus on the main gamemode . 
  since lot of heroes have abilities they can use to get over her wall , it should n't be that big of an problem . 
  and sadly it 's completly true . 
  with our current ethics , we ca n't get rid of terrorism, 
  that was the joke i was going for . 
  didi n't work that well over text, 
  old soraka 4ever . 
  ezreal - soraka lane was the best . 
  mana and wave clear for ez . 
  i never got to play the old karma , but i really wish i could . 
  i 'm silver 2 aswell , andi think supports can carry here . 
  it does depend on the champion you are playing . 
  i find that lane bully supports are the best ones to carry with . 
  i have been going eye with brand , since you wont be building actives , you wont benefit from the ruby sighstone 's passive . 
  poke her down and dodge her q. 
  if she has no hp , she ca n't heal without risking her own life . 
  if you are going to dig into the resolve tree ( if that 's the middle one ) with morgana , i recomend taking windspeaker 's blessing , since it works on her blackshield . 
  also the bonus 5 % cdr helps . 
  i mostly play karma to lane bully , which is the best tactic currently in my opinion, 
  who is the strongest support currently and what is the strongest bot lane combo ? 
  not much has changed in ap mid items . 
  in silver lux can carry really hard , and is easy to get ahead on . 
  same goes for yasuo for example, 
  easiest to play out of those is annie . 
  she can have very big impact in teamfights . 
  soraka , i would say is the hardest one of them , because she dies easily . 
  she will most likely get nerfed . 
  alistar is also strong , because of the defensive mastery changes . 
  if you want a tanky support , you should choose him . 
  most likely less players . 
  fiddlebstick for sure talisman . 
  it will improve your matchmaking rating ( mmr ) and it 's also good practise . 
  works with heals , but not self healing . 
  fiora not that much . 
  graves is stronger . 
  also soraka, 
  increased snowball, 
  any supports that can lane bully . 
  winning lane is very important right now . 
  blitz , leona and karma are nice . 
  but then socialism will coexist with capitalism, 
  good . 
  i can make use of my rank 5 morgana .
