  start with spelltief 's . 
  get sighstone first if i can afford it . 
  if not i 'll get frostfang . 
  cdr boots . 
  finish my support item into frostqueen 's and start building sitsuational . 
  if the enemy team has fed/heavy ap , i 'll go for aegis and build it into banner of command . 
  against fed ad i might go zeke 's . 
  after that i build ardent cencer , if i have someone who can make use of it . 
  i would also apreciate general tips for support karma . 
  if the game is still going on after that , which has not happened alot recently , i build some ap items . 
  i 'm mainly looking for advice on if my build is good , and if i should change something . 
  it 's interesting that there are so many good songs i have never heard of , because they are in different language that i do n't speak . 
  share some . 
  edit : i just thought that i could share my favourite finnish song : [ tequila by vesala ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7koqo1uzbxi ) the music video is nsfw in my opinion , as well as a bit dark so [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wjuvaehlq7w ) is sfw lyrics video . 
  i actually had n't watched the music video before this . 
  i 'm feeling pretty happy and energetic today . 
  it 's pretty weird , because i 'm normally very calm and bit depressing . 
  i honestly do n't know what i should do . 
  what do you people do when you are happy or feeling high on life ? 
  i just tought , since you are going to be poking with autos alot . 
  according to riot 's support site , you are still now able to get key fragments in howling abyss or twisted treeline . 
  i 'm not complaining about them not fixing it , but it would be helpful to have that as a notification on the client , same way disabled champions and items are notified about . 
  that way we would n't have to check riot support everytime . 
  what does [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/wzatuyw.png ) icon next to the imperial lux skinshard mean ? 
  i 'm thinking about possibly activating the skin , but i want to know what this icon means . 
  i could n't find anything by searching from google . 
  i 'm making a smurf , on which i will focus on playing morgana support . 
  i would apreciate some suggestions for summoner names that would reflect that . 
  edit : [ post in main sub ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/comments/4f5u0d/morgana_themed_summoner_name/ ) and [ strawpoll ] ( http://strawpoll.me/7395658 ), 
  i 'm making a smurf . 
  on that smurf i will focus on playing morgana , and i would like the summoner name to reflect that . 
  i already gathered some and put them on a [ strawpoll ] ( http://strawpoll.me/7395658 ) . 
  if you have any other suggestions , i would love to hear them . 
  thank you to anyone who takes time out of their mortal life to read this . 
  to start this off , before the new champion select , i mained mid and support ( mostly ) and always went mid if possible , and support when i did n't get mid . 
  but with the new champion select , i can not play support as my secondary , because i simply would not get to play my primary role enough . 
  i have tried nearly all roles , but i ca n't seem to find one that i could use as a secondary . 
  as an adc , i miss position , get caught and end up feeding due to my poor mechanics with marksmen . 
  as a jungler , my lack of experience often costs my team objectives , and my laners are often left at even worse postion after ganking . 
  top lane would seem like a good option , due to the similarity to mid lane , but i just do n't get the lane at all . 
  the biggest problem is my champion pool , which is very much limited to mages and supports . 
  i stay away from assassins in the middle lane , because i 'm horrible with them . 
  i know that mages can work top lane , but whenever i go top lane with a mage , i feel as i 'm not having any impact to the game . 
  so to round it off , what role should i learn as my secondary ? 
  i would be interested to learn jungle , but i feel like there is a big knowledge threshold for me there . 
  i do n't really feel like i want to learn adc . 
  do i learn jungle and some jungle champions , or do i learn to play mages top lane and/or widen my champion pool to tanks and fighters ? 
  opened battle.net and went to overwatch tab and clicked instal [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/bnxxsqd.png ) showed up . 
  was searching in google for some inspirations for my medic when i found [ this gif ] ( http://cloud-3.steamusercontent.com/ugc/45376878751540488/ae2794871ca227750eacacfb98ffb553fb4ff947/ ) . 
  i find this combo hilarious and pretty cool . 
  [ i tried to recreate it , ] ( http://i.imgur.com/eobjr34.png ) but it just does n't look as good without the hood of birds ( aswell as you ca n't actually wear this in-game , because there are 4 cosmetics ) . 
  so i was wondering if you guys had any suggestions on how to make that look better, 
  i just recently started to play ranked ( i have n't played much of it in the past , mostlyjust playing the placements and leaving it at that ) with zyra . 
  [ and it turns out that zyra is boosting me to lp heaven ] ( http://i.imgur.com/mqn7noc.png ) . 
  these games are in low silver . 
  i would be interested to see your zyra winstreaks ( that perhaps are n't in as bad of an elo as mine ), 
  criticism on my builds is also apreciated, 
  vladimir putin is supposedly visitting finland today . 
  this , ofcourse makes the existance of finland even more questionable . 
  why would leader of such a large country visit a country like finland ? 
  so what is the true destination and purpose of this travel ? 
  just checking on the finnish fishing areas or actually visitting the areas in which people believe themselves to be finnish so they 'll believe to be a real country ? 
  the winter war, 
  i would imagine it to be made up by russia/soviet union to make finland more believable . 
  they had to make up the whole history of finland , so they placed most of the important events in the history of the country during the world wars . 
  back then the world wasbin chaos and inconsistensies were easier to hide . 
  the winter war was made up as well . 
  it 's obivous if you think about it . 
  soviets attacking to gain more land . 
  nothing new . 
  they actually did , so this ties the story to real events . 
  the war seemed one sided . 
  the soviet army was a lot stronger . 
  but finland succesfully defended . 
  how ? 
  because there never was any fighting . 
  how else could such a small country not fall to the soviet 's might ? 
  the wars between finland and the soviet union were important in making finland not seem made up . 
  no one believes that finland is made up by russia and japan , since finland beat russia . 
  why would they make themselves seem weak , if not to hide the non-existance of finland . 
  there are lots of evidence . 
  why did no one help finland in the war ? 
  they could n't , because it never happened . 
  what do you like about her ? 
  what is the best thing about her in your opinion ? 
  also , if you could choose a one thing to change or add to her to make her better , what would it be ? 
  [ removed ], 
  pretty much every priest deck has entomb and excavated evil in them . 
  first one being a removal which can add a powerful minion to your deck and the latter being only other single card board clear for priest with holy nova . 
  as someone who enjoys playing priest , but does n't have the cards for a dragon or n'zoth priest , control is the only real option . 
  with my current deck i have n't had much success , due to my deck being shit . 
  there are some other classes i have been able to build hood decks for , most notably rogue , but i do n't enjoy those decks nearly as much as i enjoy priest , those few times that it works . 
  should i just give up on priest for the time being and focus on my other decks , or go ahead and buy loe for the priest cards to improve my deck ? 
  i 'm extreamly frustrated right now while writing this , after playing against 5 hunters in a row and losing against 4 of them , but that 's not the point , my deck just sucks around hunters . 
  all of them were playing a deck with eaglehorn bow and tons of secrets making for some really annoying games . 
  i have since added a second acidic swamp ooze to get rid of the eaglehorn , but even that does n't seem to be enough . 
  what else can i do to make games against these types of hunters less frustrating . 
  for reference , i was playing a high aggro rogue deck , because it 's pretty much the only half decent deck i can build out of the cards that i have . 
  i just played against five hunters in a row . 
  every single one of them was running eaglehorn bow and million secrets .
