  it 's the only way they will make this . 
  and then i 'll be very sad . 
  i like dominion ; _ ;, 
  i tought i read red post about that somewhere . 
  them saying that this is exactly waht they are doing . 
  they are experiementing . 
  i 'm really exited for season 6 already . 
  it 's suppose to be that way , but it is n't . 
  most of the time i try new champions in teambuilder , i get matched against players with skins and higher knowledge of their champion . 
  anivia . 
  it took so long !, 
  all the splash arts that are still around today and are in no need of an update < 3, 
  also let 's take a moment to remember how good looking splash art kayle once had . 
  i 'll let you back in . 
  try lee sin . 
  not colorblind , but it 's still really hard to see, 
  people start to report for everything possible ? 
  one whole wqter melon, 
  as a support main : yes, 
  and everyone gets full energy regeneration runes !, 
  expect energy champions . 
  they get flat mana and make ryze mad . 
  as a support main , i would trade with last pick whenever possible . 
  if you are going support you want to be last pick most of the time . 
  click on their name on the left side . 
  my grandma divorced from my grandpa because she was a lesbian . 
  i actually think malz splash is fine . 
  i just do n't think she looks as epic in her current splash art . 
  what dominion needs is to have the same feel as the shurima gamemode . 
  that is the reason it does not work . 
  zed ? 
  zed ? 
  see ? 
  that waa your mistake . 
  you expected something . 
  ^ ^ i ^ ^ am ^ ^ rare, 
  if you can deny every canon monion , i would say it 's worth it . 
  if i 'm first pick , i always pick morgana . 
  yeah . 
  same here . 
  i like last pick , because then i can choose if i want to play morgana or janna :d, 
  just ult when ever tf ia going badly for your team , if you do n't feel like doing playz with the ult . 
  so just fix crits . 
  janna ca n't be nerfed more without reworking abilities . 
  you killed my banana queen once already !, 
  i moved on , but i will protect her with my life as she rises back to her throne . 
  solo lane soraka . 
  yeah , we get it now . 
  supports are not allowed outside of bot lane . 
  i wish i could play her old kit for the first time . 
  she is , since she was not even nerfed . 
  just bring back magus as a seperate item . 
  so i can instalock morgana everywhere . 
  she is in a good place as a support , but mid lane ... her aw mana cost is so high . 
  but if they buff her , she will be op as a support . 
  i wish they were not bundles : /, 
  well to be fair , morgana 's chroma is her best skin . 
  until exiled morgana gets fucking gold and red particles of course . 
  but we know that is n't going to happen, 
  was expecting morgana rant . 
  oh wwll i can come and feed you to the enemy team with bard ult aswell . 
  this is true . 
  i was lux main until i became supporr main and discovered that support lux sucks . 
  morgana 's binding is like zyra 's snare . 
  you are rooted on place the same time as the target . 
  plat seems like the perfect rank . 
  maybe not op , but so annoying to play against . 
  also trynda , thw most toxic champion in lol, 
  he is always annoing . 
  so ... most popular champion is 450 ip ? 
  what if it is actually 4:1, 
  probably teemo, 
  from what i see from other comments , they price champions by popularity for some reason . 
  why are you geting downvoted ? 
  i really just play her support . 
  he has more friends than you . 
  i got s + as janna . 
  zero deaths and a full mejai 's . 
  some 450-1350 ip champions are really good and fun , but some are just meh for new players . 
  just hoping they make exiled morgana worth the 975 rp, 
  and all the stars . 
  just in case of something . 
  pulse bow is the one sold by traveling merchant, 
  i saw one on my rare life form detector . 
  then it despawned . 
  i jsut pick janna when the enemy team has notable ammount of engage , that i need to keep off my carry . 
  otherwise always morgana, 
  exactly . 
  even if you take away all the damage , they will still be played for the utility . 
  not doing it for me . 
  guide keeps stealing dryad 's room . 
  you want to see something truly [ creepy ? 
  i do n't think you can hide light pets . 
  i got pirate invasion and solar eclipse . 
  well , they are n't useless anymore . 
  but i still prefer to hide them underground if they are n't really good looking . 
  then jsut leave it as a circle and fly around plantera . 
  do it all again !, 
  in expert mode !, 
  with hardcore !,
