  i really wonder if there would have been a difference in outcome if the voting age was 16, 
  well ... 
  most of it anyways, 
  welp thats one fourth of my future gone, 
  kinda have to put a bit of faith into europe since im from there . 
  perhaps just the nordics , though they are n't doing so hot either . 
  i 've heard japanese has a lot in common with finnish , so perhaps it 's an option . 
  canada is too close to united states of donald trump, 
  i 'm really sorry for my opinion , and i hate it myself , but this is the type of stuff that makes me want to say good bye to pacifism and become a radical liberal . 
  but i wo n't , i 'm better than those people . 
  we all are . 
  the world is safe when pence is far from the handle of power, 
  like , have you seen duck genitals ? 
  they are scary, 
  or we got ta start saying `` long live ginsburg '', 
  really hope not . 
  have n't they learned that so situational cards do n't work ? 
  priest is in the same group as zoo , will priest actually have an early game impact ? 
  i for one am looking forward to someone pulling off a 12/12 edwin on turn one, 
   coin  counterfeit coin  counterfeit coin  preperation  3 mana spell = 12/12 edwin, 
  it 's a shit shitpost, 
  somehow i feel like fingers are n't the only thing she has licked, 
  what will the body guards do if trump does get shot ? 
  but he funds it and believes it actually works , which is horrible as well, 
  how much `` gay cure therapy '' has pence funded ? 
  atleast some , i do n't have numbers , but any funding is too much . 
  also according to him it should be legal to discriminate based on sexual orientation . 
  aswel as to discriminate in general if you can justify it through your religion . 
  all in all , in my opinion his views are n't far from being as bad as islam 's . 
  majority of people who go through that kind of therapy commit suicide . 
  great therapy i 'd say . 
  implying that gay cure therapy worjs is hugely offensive , since it 's basicly reducing homosexuality into a sickness which one can be cured from . 
  i wo n't even argue with someone who thinks homosexuality is a mental illness . 
  there is a very slim chance for me to change your sick views , so i wo n't even try . 
  i will try to remember to provide source for that when it 's not the middle of the night here . 
  / r/suicidewatch, 
  just in case, 
  eating talking and fooling around also overlap, 
  are you sure they were n't trying to cook you , so they could eat you ? 
  wait . 
  is this sarcasm aswell , or ... ? 
  legal homicide ? 
  self-defense ? 
  am i allowed to complain if i 'm not at voting age nor do i live in the us ? 
  i sometimes just have to arrange thestuff on the shelfs neatly , because it 's bothering me . 
  people give me weird looks all the time . 
  most public bathroom doors open both ways so you can elbow it open from both sides, 
  cleared out ? 
  does it really matter if he goea to the `` public '' area of the toilets to change the baby ? 
  so is your flair, 
  mute people ca n't fuck , because they ca n't say anything :(, 
  somehow i 'm all three at 15 . 
  interesting . 
  i 've seen a lot that open both ways . 
  and i get downvoted for that ... 
  the area with the sinks is exactly what i mean . 
  i doubt snyone would be bothered, 
  i kinda wish we get winter themed symmtra skin with snowballs and tiny snowmen turrets . 
  if you have to fight him , stay some distance away from your turrets so they do n't get blown up, 
  she can use it , buy she wo n't get cloaked . 
  being damaged during the small `` channel '' prevents stealth . 
  at least in my experience, 
  flashlight, 
  is it just me or could the alt fire charge just a tiny bit quicker ? 
  i feel like a small buff to the charge time would really help . 
  bit late , but do you think having a really long range for placing turrets would help ? 
  perhaps placing a turret on the point from a far just to harass enemies . 
  also her shield is for sure the least interactive ability in the whole game . 
  it would be really cool if she could build something similar to the light bridge in one of the comics . 
  perhaps putting up a small duration reinhardt like shield , but that may be too similar to mei, 
  `` anyone who thinks homosexuals can be cured through electroshock therapy should be put in the chair ! '', 
  + / u/user _ simulator paperiolento, 
  my armchair analysis of this is that i tend to mask my opinions as someone else 's or my facts into just thoughts in fear of being wromg, 
  also my alt :, 
  + / u/user _ simulator jani_kani, 
  well fuck, 
  `` first ! '', 
  3v3 is actually an amazing mode , and i think there 's potential in making a competitive matchmaking for it . 
  it 's much more than just a fun arcade brawl . 
  it has the same team play as the regular 6v6 matches , but it also feels like you as an individual matter more . 
  yeah does n't work in finnish , but in englishh it works wonderfully since i have curly hair :d, 
  i 'm definetly emo on the inside aswell ; i 'm just not sure if i should embrace it through my haircut . 
  i would n't have anything to stop me though so that 's good . 
  i 've also thought about growing a really long hair . 
  something like [ this ] ( http://www.mens-hairstyle.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/long-haired-men.jpg ), 
  yeah that 's a great cut , but it 's kinda annoying that everyone has it these days . 
  the hipster in me is screaming over how mainstream the `` pineapple '' cut has become . 
  your mom is being way too harsh on you . 
  that 's not even borderline abusive . 
  that * is * abusive behaviour . 
  threathening to kill your dog ? 
  wtf ? 
  telling your 15-year-old child to start paying rent ? 
  wtf ? 
  insulting you and not taking your problems seriously ? 
  wtf ? 
  i 'm sorry if this came out as bit harsh , but i just ca n't stand to hear that you are being treated this way . 
  you deserve better . 
  try to talk to someone outside of your family . 
  what your parents are doing is ** not ** okay .
