  try it with the shop open . 
  for me it only happens then . 
  main support . 
  happens only on red side . 
  i assume in blue side , it 's only in top lane . 
  play league in between . 
  take a copy and print more . 
  or a program with the same purpose . 
  the first sentence of your comment is the important one here . 
  people of reddit are not familiar with the concept of redditors having their own family . 
  * spend time moaning, 
  odin is stupid , because he hit ymir . 
  no one should hit ymir . 
  and repeating her death over and over again . 
  for all eternity . 
  how do you feel about him ? 
  this sounds like a movie i once saw where time = currency . 
  with hand contact you could steal someone 's time/money . 
  or did ruby make him kill someone while he is death tired . 
  attack speed = / = missile speed . 
  response to edit : that is kinda the reason i even care . 
  it does n't i 'm just pointing out how sad it is to be player with most games on morgana , but do n't get her reward skin . 
  i ca n't imagine their reactions =d, 
  i 'm fine , thanks . 
  in meanwhile i 'll probably jsut spam leona to gold and then start playing more supports . 
  who would n't . 
  it 's a fucking draven in speedos . 
  runes for new players . 
  they are the biggest problem lol has . 
  new players do n't want to buy runes , because they want more champions . 
  then proceeds to nerf his own champion to the ground with tears in his eyes . 
  so many desingners for eyze that are not written to be in party together . 
  also wich rework is wich ? 
  but then how does op have longer life than his family ? 
  not sure . 
  could someone tell me waht was the content of this post . 
  he deleted it . 
  i would like to know what is up with this . 
  op said they were not written by him . 
  i do n't know how or why or anything , because he deleted the content of that post . 
  that is kinda enforcing the meta . 
  duo lane must be hunter and guardian . 
  just plain carry ? 
  why would that be a problem ? 
  if we changed that ao kuangs role is not a mage but instead his class is mage . 
  that would kinda make more sense . 
  it 's sad that i ca n't possible even get all the possible gems , because i 'm only level 21 so i ca n't even play league queus ... 
  also players under level 30 do n't even have a change to try and get them . 
  sucks to be under level 30 and not have any change to get those 20 gems . 
  then they are smart and bring cutters to cut the straps and grab the bag . 
  prays for games to have a late game . 
  that is why you play in the basement so you do n't have to afk when that happens . 
  getting left to play 1 vs 5 . 
  well that does n't happen often . 
  maybe we can finally have a late game at last !, 
  and not assasins early game ? 
  whose fault is it then if his dc causes loss to someone else ? 
  who are we going to blame ? 
  are yo saying that we just need to live with people having a bad internet and then causing you to loose ? 
  that is in no way fair to other players . 
  yeah they really need to fix their issues with servers , clinet and such . 
  i think it is like they can leave wtihout penalty . 
  that is really good feature , even tought i have never played dota , but i would love if my losses were actually , because of myself and not for some guy having bad internet and getting dc or deciding to leave , because he died once . 
  this will give room for mages and hunters . 
  and because solo lane mages get countered by most solo lane hunters , they are going to dominate . 
  solo lane = hunter lane . 
  i love solo mages and i hate this change , because of all the hunters that will come . 
  you might think mages t first , but think about it . 
  solo lane hunters will be a thing , because they counter mages and have wave clear . 
  that is the funniest thing . 
  they are aplying ideas from lol that didi n't work there . 
  they atleast gave you free ward when they limited wards to 3 . 
  doom orb and hearthseeker are going to be bought only when you are stomping and want to have fun . 
  would be funny strategy tought, 
  shame on you for 9gag, 
  ok i didi n't remember anything else than the plot lol :d, 
  i would n't go to conquest . 
  would just try to win 1 vs 1 joust so i do n't fuck anyone else up . 
  hunters will get to go to the solo lane . 
  warriors without wave clear will die off , because of hog nerf . 
  mages will become athing too , but hunters counter mages in solo lane . 
  so solo lane hunter meta . 
  i would but nu wa jungle just does n't work . 
  short answer : stop instalocking !, 
  call your role . 
  long answer : i think this is the biggest problem in blind pick conquest . 
  people not respecting the call order andj sut locking in what they want . 
  it is n't that hard to just call your role first and then pick the god you want . 
  there are n't many gods that are played in multiple roles , so if you have the role you want , the chanches are that you will get the god you want . 
  respect other people calling the role faster than you . 
  bonus pro tip : type your role on the system chat and you can just press enter to quickly call your role . 
  just learn hel !, 
  she is amazing . 
  not many people play her mid alne so people do n't know what to do against her . 
  also she can fill supportive role , if your team needs that . 
  hel can do her job . 
  just do n't use hola . 
  ah puch is such a pain in the ass, 
  good thing that we are not completly out of solo warriors , 
  that would be the most passive agressive thing ever .
