  i do n't play yasuo , but i can not respect a yasuo player who wears anything other than default or high noon . 
  honestly in my opinion , the project yasuo skin looks ugly, 
  i wished for project lissandra , but i guess program lissandra kinda covered that . 
  project zyra on the other hand ... 
  emotional relief, 
  i actually have 81,8 winrate on zyra in ranked right now queing as mid/support :d, 
  i see what you did there . 
  he could have just not give out the name or ip of the server and it woulod have been fine . 
  most rushers do n't have axes so it will take for ever if there are enough of them, 
  all you really need to know are cooldowns and ability costs , then you are pretty much set . 
  it 's also good to have somekind of idea about how tanky each champion is . 
  they lane swap so the top laner can shit on them 2v1, 
  always glad to see happy customers of zyra game ruining inc. :\\ ^ ), 
  / r/highqualitygifs has something to say aobut those black bars ... 
  i really feel like that is a bit different . 
  they look like i could poke them with a needle , and they would blow up . 
  if someone is truly against abortions , i would imagine that they would not be able to complete it professionally , and it could also be traumatizing . 
  i doubt the woman who refused to issua marriage certificates would be traumatized by doing it . 
  i assume that if they are opposed to abortion , they will not get the training on how to do it , therefor they could not safely complete it . 
  yeah , i never go to reddit or youtube , because the frontpage is bound to have thumbnail clickbait spoilers . 
  people need to use their brains . 
  what i remember hearing , is that the soldiers attacking finland in the winter war , wwre mostly from the southern parts of the soviet union ( for whatever reason ) and were n't use to the winter and the snow . 
  i think the only way norway could be happier would be by having another norway next to it . 
  was n't driving away the nazi soldiers part of the peace agreement with the soviets ? 
  i recall it being something like that . 
  i would prefer them not to fuck little boys . 
  that can of course depend on * how * little the boys are and wether or not thei agree on being fucked, 
  then the only question is their age . 
  if they are literal children then we have a problem . 
  if they do n't want to be replaced , they should probably be there and make it so that they do n't nee to be replaced, 
  she has the right to punch him in the face ? 
  what about the other way around ? 
  the way i see this is that we should now sacrifice fit to make the rushers go away . 
  depending on how smart they are , they might have moved away from the portal a bit though . 
  soloq ranked, 
  oh sorry , i missunderstood, 
  it is known, 
  oh i did n't think of it that way . 
  that would be great . 
  perhaps in tt dynamicq might actually work . 
  / r/folderporn ? 
  is this a thing ? 
  edit : it 's not a thing . 
  i tshould be a thing, 
  [ link to the comment ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/comments/4ppsr5/whats_your_favorite_league_gif/d4n48qd ) by / u/hailthequeenlulu, 
  expected zyra using her basic combo and ult and getting oneshotted while her plants shoot ` happiness pellets ' at the enemies . 
  it 's possible , but she needs to get there early for her passive to spawn seeds . 
  also she will most likely have to use her ult to enrage the plants . 
  the noob trap item is mostly rylai 's . 
  only thing it really is usefull for is getting a ranged slow on your thornspitters . 
  vine slashers already have a built in slow . 
  i personally enjoy luden 's rush with sorc shoes . 
  then typicly branch of to either void or liandry 's , depending on the opponents . 
  finishing the build off with some sitsuational items like zhonya 's , abyssal or perhaps rylai 's . 
  the important part is that rylai 's is n't the optimal core for zyra . 
  it 's too expensive and it does n't provide magic pen which is vital for zyra . 
  it 's mostly rylai 's . 
  sure it synergises with her plants by keeping the enemies in range , but you already got a snare and on-hit slow on your e plants . 
  getting rylai 's as the first or the second item delays her vital magic pen / damage items . 
  zyra main here . 
  trust me , i would play her mid but damn that near instat q pop is just too juicy . 
  base ratios are mostly better though . 
  she is mostly an early to mid game champion . 
  i 100 % agree that the shape of bot lane is much better for her passive . 
  seeds spawned in the side bushes of mid lane are near useless in combat , but in a bot lane they can grant you easy kills . 
  zyra has her plants to block skills and kite enemies . 
  zyra does the same thing bot lane and mid lane . 
  i think most people just do n't want to sit in the que that long :p, 
  her e . if she can spot the jungler a bit early ( which she should , she has free wards ) she can snare the jungler and place vine slashers to slow her chasers down . 
  lack of escapes are n't her problem, 
  zyra pushes hard and can take towers well because she can make her plants tank . 
  if rumble is the king of dragon fights , zyra is the queen . 
  she is great at ganking by blocking off escape paths, 
  atleast in finland school ends at the end of may/start of june, 
  the thing is that she does the same ammount as a support . 
  also bot lane benefits her passive greatly . 
  people who play zyra just prefee to play her as a support because of this . 
  she really looses nothing by going support . 
  i build the eye of the watchers on her , so she does n't even loose itemslots , since that would be replaced by morellos in mid lane . 
  there are also champions , who do what zyra does , better in the mid lane . 
  viktor as an example . 
  karthus was n't cool enough to join ? 
  early game : oh the q flew past me , i did n't get stunned ... oh fuck now she popped it and used e and now i 'm dead . 
  late game : oh lol anivia is such a noob she used her e without hitting her stun ... 
  wait where did this blizzard come from ? 
  and it does n't help when you do n't know any other champion anymore ; _ ;, 
  nah , do n't worry . 
  you are still the scum of earth along with every other assassin player / s, 
  you are not permitted to have an adc today , sorry . 
  i 'll have to have my plants ` take care ' of them with some happiness pellets . 
  yeah i 'm pretty sure he is dead, 
  you needed your bot lane ? 
  i may have missplaced them in the middle of my ult and my plants . 
  announcer packs . 
  we need announcer packs . 
  in similar way there are in smite . 
  that is a reportable offese though, 
  we need that to the rotating que, 
  in rotatingq u can do it rito plz, 
  it also created jump parties .
