  weirdly enough , this threadh has made me miss winter . 
  there are also a lot of suicides during winter i believe , because some people get despressed due to the lack of sunlight . 
  in finland they actually add d.vitamin to milk so people would get more of it . 
  i do n't know about other nordics . 
  wich part ? 
  it really depends on where you are from . 
  if you are white it sadly is a lot easier . 
  being black does n't matter that much , but if you are from middle east or around there , people might not be very nice to you : /, 
  it 's sad how racist my country is sometimes . 
  people generally do n't mind people who seem like tourits , it jsut might feel like they do n't like you , because finnish people are n't use to that . 
  if you want to ask something , ask from someone young , you will most likely get better answer and in better english . 
  in lapland during winter you can be up to two months without the sun . 
  thank you for this information , 
  yes . 
  they are always sold whenver he sells dynasty wood . 
  and for bats . 
  it 's always the bats . 
  get her stuck into water and go directly above her . 
  shoot down . 
  seriously . 
  this looks just like hots, 
  this looks exactly like hots, 
  this is not legue 's style at all . 
  blizzard will sue riot if they use this . 
  this is almsot exactly like hots, 
  another dodge !, 
  til i do n't have it . 
  sort by views . 
  that is how you find click bait porn . 
  what are they going to do with that information ? 
  targeted ads ? 
  adblock . 
  it is n't true . 
  forgot the ** o **, 
  burry yourself alive in the graveyard and have a gun with you so you do n't have to suffer . 
  you are a prettu guy . 
  i 'm just thinking how much some crazy can take advantage of that . 
  they get hard , do n't know what is happening , they get raped, 
  it 's sitsuational . 
  i really like fotm to safe my carries . 
  side note : swings are awesome.no matter how old you are . 
  / r/outdoors, 
  that 's also true, 
  riot hire me for artist pls . 
  i can do these pictures for you . 
  after early hardmode he is just ib game wiki for recipes . 
  it should be lighted up better : /, 
  farm king slime in crimson . 
  they deal melee damage and are like boomerang, 
  it does n't really matter , if you are not going to make flamethrower . 
  mine was melee when the beetle armor came out . 
  then i realised how boring melee was . 
  now i 'm mage since i do n't like ranger , because you must fill your inventory with ammo . 
  maybe someone can make a mod for it, 
  but does n't the infinite sack only hold musket balls ? 
  i 'm perfectly fine now with my mage set up , since mana is still a resource , but it 's infinite , so i do n't ever need to go gather more . 
  we are not happy until she is forced to be adc, 
  hi ur brother, 
  i do . 
  she has no ad scaling on her spear . 
  that is enough reason for me . 
  and if she jumos in as an adc , she will get blown up . 
  i do n't think ^ so, 
  enemy plays ` remove core mechanic from champion 's kit ' , akali is now trash . 
  / s akali is not trash . 
  she is playable . 
  silver riven : diamond smurf . 
  i 'll carry . 
  `` an ally has been slain '', 
  sometimes , yeah , but it 's really annoying when you loose , because your opponent just has better luck than you . 
  hs is only p2w if you want to climb the ladder . 
  it 's just annoing to loose , because of shitty rng . 
  but you are right . 
  there is no way to have completly skill based card game . 
  one thing that might make card game a bit less rng would be changing the way you draw cards . 
  when you draw a card , you are shown three cards and you choose one of them and discard/place back to your deck the rest . 
  i have no idea if this would actually work . 
  just an idea . 
  the game mode that would actually make sense to exist permanently , but it does n't . 
  that scales of ap, 
  ap mf with double lich bane proc . 
  mf would be queen , if corki was not so much better than her . 
  her ult is mostly good for wave clear . 
  enemies are not going to stand in the cone long enough . 
  let her maybe rotate , like vel ` koz with his ult . 
  they do n't like 24/7 gw, 
  it shuts off some champions way too much . 
  i 'm pretty sure they will remove morello 's gw at somepoint , or in my opinion the best thing would be to make gw an active part of an item . 
  just make her q like gankplank 's q ( rip gp ) and let it crit , but only on the first target . 
  that would be kinda cool like theme wise , since mf and gp are rivals . 
  i need mf main 's ( or someones ' who knows about adcs ) opinion on my idea . 
  would it help her if her w gave her not only her passive , but some extra movement speed and for the duration , make her passive so it ca n't be canceled . 
  yeah . 
  but we already have jayce , varus , ezreal ... 
  she would be a poke adc . 
  the main thing is that she ca n't jump on you when she is adc , and that is why she would be shit as an adc . 
  her cougar form would be wasted msot of the time ( unless some really pro adc plays her , switching forms to dodge skillshots , heal , throw qs and auto attack , and do that all smoothly . 
  then she could actually be pretty good , but she would give low rewards for efforts used ), 
  that is very true . 
  til i should try some nidalee adc in a custom game .
