  also . 
  in the old champion select as a support main you got to play other roles alot more , because premades and such , but now you are pretty much guaranteed to get support every game . 
  that makes you get bored of the role . 
  this is one of the reasons i switched from support to adc . 
  try karma . 
  i would play support , if it didi n't mean i never get to play anything else . 
  shortened : cull for champions who just want to farm and wait for late aka kog ` maw . 
  i personally start doran 's blade and get cull if i have extra gold , or if i do n't have enough gold for bf sword . 
  i personally prefer to start doran 's and get cull if i have gold after getting bf sword or if i do n't have enough gold for it . 
  do n't question . 
  just bow to the emperor . 
  i bet that the winrates of people with 100 + games on azir are much higher than 43 %, 
  ahri 's rework was just trading off damage for utility , which proved how much more valuable utility is . 
  i suggested this when the mastery system came out . 
  but by sorting by mastery you could browse your favorite champions . 
  i mean just 100 + games total . 
  it 's not like your skills reset every season . 
  you must be fun at parties, 
  would work i think . 
  really save adc . 
  does n't need the extra hp . 
  would provably go doran 's into cull as with caitlyn, 
  lulu is stronger any lany flexpick tough . 
  who is to say you ca n't do that aswell ? 
  the emperor replied to me . 
  i 'm honoured . 
  kneel before the emperor !, 
  but she is worse support . 
  and arguably as adc, 
  i hate his mom more than him . 
  maybe rather safe farm champions . 
  i think we should have seen project : lissandra, 
  relevant flair . 
  i didi n't answer , since you never asked . 
  using numberrs to replace letters in names . 
  why ?!, 
  if someone already had your name , do n't try to replace letters with numbers , and make up an original name . 
  when someone has their name as : `` firstname.lastname '' that is * the * sign of a newbie . 
  thank god i do n't have a webcam . 
  you are masturbating to * them * and not he other way around . 
  you are alright . 
  you do n't have a dot between . 
  more like garena pls !, 
  of course . 
  they 'll never get to her anyways . 
  corki should be flying way more than morgana . 
  i can pm and you a lock pick . 
  but they are not coloured . 
  there use to be . 
  all other 's got nerfed while she got slowly buffed . 
  finland counts as asia , right guys ? 
  feelsbetalessman, 
  i agree other than that igen sounds dumb . 
  first step is to get a man pregnant . 
  i volunteer !, 
  finnish student here . 
  8th grade . 
  ( it would be 9th grade in us , since we start year later than they do ) homework here is usually given so you can do it in class , if you are n't slow . 
  i might add e so its aure, 
  atleast the pool is smaller than with overwatch, 
  both extreames are bad, 
  or in finland . 
  wtf, 
  it helped us in the past , but time has come for it to leave, 
  portugal literally colonized itself so it became brazilian colony, 
  every time someone says : `` long live the queen ! '', 
  her lifespan extends . 
  so ... no one is going to mention your name ? 
  yeah . 
  fuck you . 
  put on your fucking collar !, 
  i 'm putting you on the leash !, 
  op 's mom died, 
  op 's dad is abusive . 
  in finland , all doors open outwards , so in case of emergency it 's easier to open the door . 
  do you happen to have a mirror ? 
  facebook player is not working . 
  was n't there a documentary about people living in internet cafes ( in china if i recall correctly ) ? 
  they should probably withdraw betas from players who do n't even instal the game and send them to other players . 
  is n't it while you are trying to * find * a game . 
  not loading it . 
  do we have to go through with this again ? 
  maybe his username is on the log in screen . 
  bond of stone ca n't kill you . 
  it still amazes me how onlywatch . . excuse me * overwatch * already has a competitive scene , when the game is still in beta . 
  i think the point was that the game is n't even released , and yet it alrady has competitive scene . 
  only thing stopping me is the fact that the game is n't out yet . 
  but i 'm just another salty salt miner . 
  only reason reindhardt works as a melee hero , is because he is tanky and supportive . 
  squishy melee hero would n't work in ow . 
  i think we need to highlight the * a * in that comment . 
  one bad sniper will never ruin a pub game as much as one good sniper will . 
  then they are not godly enough . 
  but seriously tough . 
  hypothetical sitsuation where is a * perfect * player of every class . 
  making zero mistakes nad hitting everything correctly , sniper will always win due to having a long range instakill . 
  the reason snipers have under 50 % hit rate in high level competitive , is that they are not perfect . 
  if sniper is hitting every headshot , there are two possibilities :, 
  you are really bad at positioning, 
  the sniper is really good .
