  did it lower your fps or anything ? 
  `` learn from your mistakes '' - riven, 
  this is the biggest thing in my opinion . 
  people who do n't realise what they are doing wrong , will never improve as a player . 
  it 's hard for some people to criticise themselfs, 
  wich is good , in some sitsuations, 
  i ^ use ^ ^ to ^ ^ ^ use ^ ^ ^ ^ him, 
  but his passive is cursed touch . 
  it lowers the magic resit when he hits something . 
  to submit image you make a link post and have the image url as the link i believe . 
  not sure tough , since i only text post . 
  am i only one who is really excited about the new gold item for supports ? 
  it 's interesting concept , and i 'll admit , it 's pretty strong and outclasses most gp5 items . 
  the shield at level one on 15 second cooldown is good for going for agressive early trades . 
  i like it on champions , that do n't really benefit from ap of spelltief 's edge that much , and coin is too passive for them . 
  it promotes agressive play , wich is really nice , since coin is basicly just sitting back and waiting for minions to die , spelltief 's is poking and relic shield is also very passive item . 
  some champions i have found it usefull on or think it would be really strong on are :, 
  * bard , he does n't need the ap from spelltief 's , but he has strong trading at level one . 
  * morgana , but mostly in lanes that you can abuse . 
  spelltief 's outclasses this on her , if you have lane where you need to play passive, 
  * alistar , maybe if you want the mana regen , instead of the hp from relic shield . 
  what do you think about the gold item ? 
  i have really fallen in love with it . 
  it 's amazing on most supports, 
  if they add that , they need to buff the other enchantments a bit , or teleport will be bought above all others . 
  how about just keep it at the normal passive , but for the duration , make it so it does n't stop when mf get 's hit ? 
  explain . 
  i actually like the new hud , expect for the placement of your kda , cs and teamkills . 
  i loved the bilgewater music . 
  and i also got use to the gangplank voice . 
  i wish we could have them permanently, 
  i would love anything new to the dominion being added , but i honestly wish they would keep the current map , but maybe igve it a large vu , along with some changes to make it fun for larger ammount of palyers . 
  voodo witch in bilgewater does n't make any sense . 
  people will jsut play ranked for the week , without that champion , and then enxt week just jump to ranked with it , without experience . 
  make it so you need mastery level 1 to play a champion in ranked , and also the one week thing , so any bugs do n't slip trough . 
  he is dead . 
  ( rip ol 'd pirate buddy ), 
  it 's lore related . 
  yes . 
  how are you suppsoe to play a champion that is literally dead ( and is not an undead ), 
  i really just hope it 's bilgewater releted ( and really expect it to be with the event going on ), 
  learn to counter her . 
  do n't let her snowball . 
  she will be useless . 
  the league of legends just does n't exist in runeterra anymore , and there really is no explenation for why are they fighting , but i believe they will add it in the future . 
  gangplank died outside of a match , meaning he dies permanently ( but magicks and stuff so he will msot likely be back ) and it would n't make sense that we could play him , if he is dead . 
  i like how the lore causes something inside the game for real . 
  get over it and play other champions while he is gone . 
  are you a support main and want to invest the time in to learning bard ? 
  if you are and if you do then go ahead . 
  bard is very difficult champion , but once you learn him he is really strong . 
  a skin . 
  skins only sometimes have connections to the lore . 
  one skin that i know to have connections to the lore is morgana 's baker skin . 
  in the old lore , she had a baker shop in noxus . 
  gangplank died outside of a match , meaning he actually died . 
  in the way you would die if i shot you in the head . 
  it reminds me of kalista a bit ... 
  if she actually had ad scaling on her spear she would definetly be viable adc ( in theory ), 
  i still do n't belive it , really . 
  yeah i know that summoners do n't exist anymore , so we really do n't know why the matches happen or how they happen . 
  but that is jsut waht i belive they are going for . 
  he died outside of a match meaning he actually died . 
  i really wish we would get something to replace the summoners and instittute of war, 
  maybe there was a bug or something and that is why they removed him from all queues . 
  but for now , we do n't know . 
  why is your title that ? 
  you should be fine if you didi n't click anything on that scam page . 
  i know this . 
  i wish we could have lore to replace the institue of war , but for now i think that he died outside of a match is the only good explanation . 
  side note : i do n't think `` worsen '' is a word . 
  useless post , unless you are serious . 
  i just got mesage from another thread that there is no bug, 
  [ sauce ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/comments/3f32vh/bilgewater_burning_tides_act_3/ctkvshy ), 
  i was just wrong . 
  also in finnish nami can be used as a word for candy . 
  still a really bad pun . 
  yes , but not at mastery level 5 . 
  it 's too easy to get . 
  mastery level 10 . 
  yes, 
  side note : ok . 
  let 's jsut end this or we will go on and on about this until gangplank comes back from the death . 
  let 's just end this or we will go on and on about this until gangplank comes back from the death . 
  report him for assisting the enemy team . 
  because it would sound stupid ? 
  you have to earn the tittle ` legend ', 
  there is no automatic banning system for feeding/trolling . 
  take a small break and come back , so you do n't get matched with him again . 
  they changed the anouncer back to the old . 
  that was just an event thing . 
  get use to the new hud . 
  it 's not that bad . 
  no reason to quit the game . 
  i actually knew all those passives you listed x ), 
  i think i got it already . 
  no need to comment yoric 's or urgot 's passive here anymore . 
  yeah , i agree that mf needs something more to compensate the loss of gw . 
  the 125 gold difference is really small , compared to how good of an item it is . 
  i just do n't find the level 5 rewarding enough to get .
