  i love it . 
  solistice hel maybe . 
  i enjoy her voice in that way more . 
  i just realised what ap we need . 
  janus or jandroid . 
  what is better than hel ? 
  my complain for legendary hel : why no black hair ?!, 
  diamond has blue hair , why ca n't i have black hair on legendary ? 
  yeah . 
  i really think those characters look cool . 
  real problem are gods like nu wa, 
  or multiple colors . 
  purple for dark diamond hel ? 
  i kinda ment that she can be support mid laner . 
  and that is not the case currently . 
  new players play arena . 
  you always buy the bad cookies . 
  when ever i plan a lie or tell a lie , i imidietly think all the possibilities trough , so i have good answer for ecerything . 
  also often when i plqn a lie ahead there wont be any follow up questions . 
  tl : dr plan out your lies . 
  god is an asshole and everyone worshipping him is worshipping an asshole and therefor is kinda dumb . 
  pop the buble . 
  problems with that ? 
  i 'm dumb . 
  who else ? 
  i might not have to buy neith . 
  oh yeah my main has a build in cleanse . 
  that would cause even heavier lane clear god meta than before in joust . 
  egyptian maybe ? 
  but his passive does n't do anything without his 3, 
  he photoshopped the buttons on the left side of the home screen to where they are in the picture and i saying that they should change it this way . 
  strawpoll is the site for that . 
  also the most common one : hog, 
  and when do mid camps spawn ? 
  that is probably something lot of palyers do n't know , me included . 
  oh thank you frothe mid camp spawn time . 
  that seems to be important thing to know in conquest . 
  i 'm not in any way an expert or experienced player in smite , but from knowledge from other mobas : if you are behind and think you ca n't provide anything with a counter gank , stay mid and get some free farm and push to the tower if you have vision or know where the eneym jungler is . 
  if you are even or winning then definetly follow your opponent when they rotate , because then you have a chanche to get lot of kills , if your duo lane ( i have only seen people rotate there from mid ) can survive the gank . 
  enemies have probably used all their abilities and/or are possible low in hp . 
  if the enemy is someone who can rotate fast ( mostly janus in smite ) , you need to just call mia fast . 
  because it is ahrd for you to get there in time , if janus ults . 
  tl : dr : follow if even or winning . 
  stay if you need the farm and get tower , if you can see the enemy jungler and/or have ward coverage . 
  i 'm not very experienced player , but i have been rotating in mid , if i see that enemy duo lane ( mostly duo lane , because the lane is so long ) is pushing to our tower . 
  that way you can easily pick up kills , as long as your duo lane is healthy or the enemy duo is low . 
  some gods are so good at rotating , that you absolutely should be doing it ( janus with ult , poseidon with his speed up and loki , if he is mid for some reason and not getting use out of his ult ) so you are not mssing out on some kills . 
  yeah i heard that , but after seeing how much everyone hates that change , i assume they will revert it at some point . 
  why am i not surprised that link does n't lead to anywhere anymore ( if there ever was anything ), 
  if the majority knows better then i have no problem with tyranny . 
  i just realised that i have no idea what actual horse falling down from the sky looks like . 
  i need this !, 
  the male symbol points up and female points down !, 
  this is not equality !, 
  it must mean that men are better than women !, 
  step one : be me . 
  but his point is true . 
  somehow that feels little bit over the top . 
  but using fingerprints for everything is bad since they are nor as secure as you would think . 
  also , i would n't want some company to know everything i do and where i am . 
  why would somwonw have knobs on doors ? 
  and get to know what they eat, 
  they basicly know what you eat etc. 
  does it change it ? 
  there must be other options than finger prints or pin codes , right ? 
  something that is n't your personal informationor easily stoleb . 
  wich episode ? 
  and why is this high security even needed ? 
  school in the land of freedom ? 
  and why is this shit needed ? 
  is this the only way to try and stop school shootings and such ? 
  and why not just give students free food in school ? 
  problem fucking solved . 
  why not just free school food and make this not to be a problem ? 
  why not just have free lunch in schools ? 
  problem solved, 
  i prefer mildly socialistic . 
  finland style you know . 
  why only then ? 
  in us . 
  i love how your world is just full of circles, 
  last one were redigit is personally involved atleast . 
  or as we can see from here , that might not be the case . 
  would n't that rather mean : league of legends  heroes of storm ? 
  chippy gaming already showcased this, 
  heroes of storm ? 
  moba game by blizzard . 
  please be cyber biome !, 
  i would hate to have such a great consept thrown away . 
  are n't all the expert items marked with the expert tags ? 
  that would mean that this is just a normal 1.3 weapon . 
  also the boss treasure bags seem to drop accessories mostly , so i do n't see why skeletron would be any different . 
  you mean wikia page ? 
  that is basicly ran by him , and it 's nowhere near as reliable as teh gamepedia wiki . 
  they get you porn . 
  i 'm glad that didi n't load for me . 
  op 's mom is always busy ... with stuff . 
  when they lick your hand ... 
  i have learned the skill of singing without actually singing during my voice change . 
  you know the song .
