  they would have easily made it be that , by not adding rng into it , and just making higher masteries into an insanely high number . 
  why do this token bullshit . 
  how can a laugh be gay ? 
  she is n't as much nuker as he is teamfight destroyer . 
  zilean , played rarely , but being able to respawn every ~ 6 seconds is op . 
  you also get to spam aoe stuns with bombs . 
  janna is also good . 
  permanent shield on two people , if it does n't get broken by an enemy . 
  insane peel against all your op champions . 
  max rank , tornado is up every 4 seconds and the knockup is bit over a second i think , so it 's effectively lower . 
  you will also have around 500 movespeed with ap build when your w is up . 
  ultimate is just more peel and lane sustain . 
  you can heal your entire team from 1 to 100 when building ap . 
  there just the two champions i have been playing in urf . 
  i bet there are more . 
  now i have this feeling that i have to play sniper medic, 
  it does . 
  into your enemies skulls . 
  decided to drop by to wish you a happy birthday !, 
  morgana is my most played champion , in both mid and support . 
  it 's not easy to transition between mid and support , because both are really different . 
  as support i can play pretty agressive , because i have good ward coverage and my adc to deal damage if i land a q. 
  in mid lane you mostly sit back and farm thw minions with w and try to catch the enemy with it for thunderlord 's . 
  my point is that when transitioning from support morgana to mid lane you need to be careful to not play as agressively . 
  i apreciate every translator who knows how to translate wordplays and puns into finnish . 
  also those who know when to completly go to a different direction with the translation , to not make it sound so cheesy . 
  i still do n't get why they have to translate the placenames in the books . 
  `` kauhiala '' just does n't work as dreadfort , even night 's watch , `` y\u00f6 vartio '' sounds cheesy as fuck . 
  why could n't they have gone with `` y\u00f6 kaarti '' , night 's guard , or just call them `` muurin vartijat '' , watchers of the wall, 
  they sound silly . 
  most of them sound really pretentiously epic . 
  it 's mostly that finnish does n't do well with names consisting of two or more words . 
  even worse are the names with ` of ' , since finnish does n't have a similar construct . 
  it basically sounds like you would remove every instance of the word ` of ' with 's :, 
  winter 's horn, 
  dorne 's arm, 
  i would probably just not get married and annoy them , because they never said anything about dating . 
  she does n't even have to go there herself . 
  they are coming to take her there . 
  which makes him even scarier . 
  no one seems to even know how influential he is, 
  the iron islands do n't seem to be full of forests . 
  where the duck are they gon na get all that wood ? 
  also does cotton grow that far north ? 
  they are gon na just buy the wood from the northen houses and cotton from the reach ? 
  where do they get enough gold ? 
  well he walked . 
  horses are equivalent of bullet trains in westeros . 
  not in essos though , or otherwise the dothraki would be everywhere at once . 
  that sounds super silly, 
  but it does n't change over time . 
  you just discover more about yourself and learn to accept what you discover . 
  and why does a super hero 's sexual orientation even matter ? 
  they could just make a character that is not confirmed to be straight by not showing atraction to the other gender . 
  that way they could release it worldwide and make these equality nuts happy . 
  well they could just make a character they do n't brand to be straigh or gay by not giving them boyfriend or girlfriend . 
  that way people can choose for themselfs what they think the character 's sexuality is , and everyone will be happy . 
  but to me , this whole problem is ridiculous . 
  only reason it even exists is , because they must add some kind of romance to every movie ever now , it seems . 
  elsa is never said to be straight , and shows no interest in anyone romanticly , and that 's what makes her special in terms of disney princesses . 
  she is the only one to not end the movie having `` found her true love and living with them happily ever after '', 
  i do n't think that he is just bisexual . 
  he would probably fuck anything . 
  cheater, 
  it was . 
  but now the range is laughable, 
  what is dead may never die, 
  and i hope he dies to ghost . 
  or perhaps nymeria and her super pack, 
  kids probably get a few years of immunity, 
  brand will just warg the sled, 
  if it did , the spawning would be way too fast , and the seeds would be dying , because of the cap . 
  is `` groot '' open ? 
  those are cool , but i think groot and thorn might be taken . 
  i know nothing for sure though, 
  i would say that for a lot of lol streamers it 's better to stream than join an esports team , no matter how good they are . 
  streaming is more guaranteed income than esports , if not even more income aswell . 
  but is the hamster a dwarf ? 
  soon ^ ^ tm, 
  who even needs any of that shit when you got support zyra who has more kills than anyone in the enemy team :\\ ^ ), 
  anyone have a link to the post explaining the gamemode ? 
  there should be an option . 
  i really do n't want it to be fullscreen only , so it 's easier to alt tab while in queue, 
  zyra ( i just hope people wo n't start banning her , she is really strong support after the rework ) . 
  she can be played mid , she can be played support , she can be played jungle , she can be played top , she can be played as an adc . 
  she is n't that popular ( at least not now , and i hope she wo n't become popular ) and people do n't know how to play against her , she punishes miss positioning super hard . 
  i did not really play her , until her rework , though i always liked her design ( i like all plant based characters ) . 
  i did not really enjoy playing her before , but now she fits perfectly into my play-style . 
  your comment has no context, 
  yes !, 
  i do n't get why everyone thinks that quick cast indicators are the best thing ever . 
  shift normal cast it is !, 
  the gamemode is live on euw , but this post is not on the euw lol website . 
  get your shit together riot, 
  you have a great voice . 
  if i did n't know , i could have thought that that was the original voice of the song . 
  some small criticism though is that your pronounciation on some words is a bit off , but that can be fixed by just singing more . 
  and the video is removed because it violates youtubes rules about nudity . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  why do we need bimbos , when we got [ pekka pouta ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8ss7-cfpn6q ) .
