  top laners must take tp . 
  supports are expected to take exhaust . 
  junglers take smite , but this is understandable . 
  mid laner has the most variety , because there are so many different champions played . 
  when has clarity been usefull ? 
  when have you last seen someone without a flash or ghost in your game ? 
  global abilities are , and have always been strong . 
  having global pressure is really valuable in this game . 
  talking about flash , when are we going to get a viable alternative, 
  play maker supports are dead . 
  you try to make a play , they tp behind you . 
  you try for a roam to mid lane , they tp bot to kill your adc, 
  oh yeah forgot about that . 
  added that now . 
  or the mid laner who you are ganking , uses tp to get away and kill your adc . 
  i 'm kinda surprised that karthus is n't played more at worlds . 
  most mid laners are currently immobile mages , that karthus could easilynail with qs . 
  i would say that the reason is him having poor wave clear compared to other mid laners . 
  my only problem is smite not registering my fwotds . 
  i have won 3 arena 's , but it shows thati still need it . 
  i would like this to be true , but she does n't have the best wave clear . 
  that skin is really beautifull . 
  i played it and i know for sure i 'll need to get it . 
  she will be released 27.10.2015 , 
  that 's true . 
  with neith and such , you can just stand to the side . 
  i 'm sorry , but the kit does n't feel very unique . 
  lots of the abilities feel like altered versions of already existing ones . 
  it 's jsut a normal arena , with the gods that have some kind of costume skins . 
  for example the pirate skins etc. 
  serqet missing her ult on a minion . 
  assault , because i do n't like the random aspect of it . 
  it 's only good , if you are absolutely sure that they wo n't get to you . 
  juice.gg probably has the most updated tierlist . 
  [ here . 
  ] ( http://juice.gg/tierlist/list/703153/ ), 
  do n't buy hog anymore . 
  newj ungle start is bumba 's and either potion or boots . 
  then potions . 
  sniper seems pretty smart to me . 
  i 'm right handed and your left hand is as good as my right . 
  but they should have still called the pause . 
  even the smallest bug can have effect on the outcome . 
  they should probably balance things differently in different modes . 
  huni comp died . 
  fnatic needs to get smeb next season and just do smeb comp and lose at semis again after perfect season . 
  kennen adc was a mistake . 
  it will be just clash of the giants . 
  you either eat any meat , or no meat at all . 
  quit cherry picking, 
  edit . 
  aparently lots of people missunderstood what i ment . 
  you got me wrong . 
  i was not being offensive towards you . 
  i was agreeing with your statement , the last sentence specificly . 
  * the wall is a spy !, 
  i would do speaking finnish and being grammatically correct . 
  does tumblr find age/sex/location offensive , because it 's sex and not gender ? 
  yes . 
  * tumblr find, 
  you think these things are releted in some way ? 
  yes . 
  they wanted edgier edge for riven, 
  it 's actually sad that they accept one over the other , because they are afraid of being called racist . 
  lots of racism nowdays is made up , by people who think people are being racist towards them . 
  there is n't much racism people will face in their daily lifes . 
  they mostly thing that they do . 
  he shall, 
  i 'll bring you pain . 
  most likely would not be . 
  sicne any other cc is n't . 
  at negative value it will root caitlyn for the rest of the game and imidietly report her for afk . 
  it takes sometime for videos to become hd on youtube . 
  audio not being in sync is probably due to something that happened in editing . 
  also , this really is n't the place to ask help for youtube releted problems . 
  if the cc would be cleansed , it would be cleansed when they dc and start walking back to base . 
  the mayan ball game icon . 
  did this for kukulkan :, 
  level one no items : 9,9,9,9,9,9,9,9,9,9,9,9 - 108 in total . 
  level 20 no items : 45,45,45,45,45,45,45,45,45,45,45,45 - 540 in total, 
  level 20 full items and elixirs : 158,167,167,167,167,167,167,167,167,167,167,167 - 1995, 
  items used : shoes of magi , book of toth ( fully stacked ) , spear of magus , rod of tahuti , chrono 's pendant and polynomicon ( i just went with the default items ), 
  just tought it would be interesting to compare against those . 
  when people just let the trade timer tick down , and do n't click decline is so annoying . 
  so yes , please . 
  more time . 
  farm jungle meta ? 
  farm jungle meta . 
  rata would also be an option . 
  someone went afk , because their dog got hit by a car and they had to go take it to hospital . 
  it 's weird that someday , someone is going to be serious , and no one believes them , because people suck . 
  arena , pick anyone , only 150 tickets and only kills will lower them . 
  also no healing at base , but you could still shop . 
  `` god will ryze against you , faker '', 
  `` but i am a god '', 
  `` then you must ryze , faker '', 
  `` i shall ryze , because i 'm a god and god will ryze '', 
  `` will god be ryze then when he ryzes ? '', 
  `` god is ryze , i am god , ryze is i , i am faker , i am ryze god faker '', 
  but giants fell .
