  - ice block, 
  - 2x blizzard, 
  i could probably get away with replacing one ice block with an ice barrier , and one azure drake with ogre magi or archmage ( bit unsure about this one , i think it would just be better to craft the azure drake , since it 's used in so many decks ) . 
  there is n't really anything i can think of to replace blizzards or doomsayer . 
  that would bring the cost down to 640 dust for me ( i would need to craft the ice barrier ) , or 740 dust , if i decide to craft the azure drake , which i probably will . 
  funny thing is , none of them played cotw . 
  perhaps they just did n't get the chanche to do so . 
  other classes that i can make a decent deck for are priest , but the class is itself so bad that it 's not worth it , and mage . 
  i was planning on crafting a few cards to make deck similar to [ this one ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/hearthdecklists/comments/55e5cu/budget_freeze_mage_lf_tips/ ) . 
  would that be worth it , how good is mage right now ? 
  i would actually run that , just so i never have to lose against a hunter ever again . 
  for formatting , press enter twice between each item you want to list . 
  i really hate arena . 
  i 've never gotten more than 3 wins in one run . 
  and no notifications on replies , opened images and sites go to chrome browser history . 
  i use this because i like the official feeling . 
  do n't spotify ads pause if you turn the volume low enough ? 
  meanwhile i try to watch some phan montage , because i 'm trash and get lego ads ... 
  youtube lego ads . 
  why would you think i 'm interested in buying legos ? 
  i also get advertised scissors and frying pans for no reason . 
  food ads for meat . 
  i 'm a vegetarian . 
  car ads , i do n't have a licens to drive , i 'm not even old enough to get one . 
  which is idiotic, 
  when i use to use spotify , they did . 
  maybe they changed that . 
  why would that create a loophole if the law specified that pictures of minors involving sexually suggestive or explicit content are illegal to share to adults by minors or adults alike ? 
  it really is n't about who takes the pictures , but who they are shared to . 
  if an adult posesses naked pictures of a minor , it does n't matter who took them . 
  minors sending nudes to other minors should be allowed , but not minors sending nudes to adults or adults sending nudes to minors . 
  it 's not always clear as to who should be punished in these sitsuations . 
  if we make recieving nudes from minors when you are an adult illegal , someone will use that to throw them under a bus . 
  this really must be looked differently on each case . 
  why would it matter who took the picture ? 
  distributing pictures of minors to other minors around the same age , with the consent of the person in the picture of course , should n't be illegal the same way as adults sharing naked pictures of each other is n't . 
  there should only be a problem if the pictures are shared to , or between , adults . 
  that would close the loop hole for pedophiles , but not make teens sexting each other illegal . 
  there should n't be a problem if the pictures are shared between two minors around the same age , with the consent of the person in the picture . 
  it becomes a problem once the photos are shared to , or between , adults . 
  it 's also a problem if one of the minors shares the pictures forward to another minor , without the consent of the person in the picture . 
  i live in finland and have no acces to a credit card that would work with the promo . 
  i 'll take a code if there is someone willing to give, 
  related , my highest level wow character is only level 16 and wow is the only warcraft game i 've played and sylvanas is already my favorite character . 
  and as someone mentioned , they already have interactive voice lines in hots which they could recycle . 
  ~ ~ kabald ~ ~ cabal shadowpriest . 
  craft again and give the extra one to me ? 
  hmh two of my favorite classes . 
  should probably consider . 
  first i need tons of dust though . 
  my own salty opinion : nerf all the hunter secrets by removing them from the game and buff my winrate with rogue ; _ ;, 
  report and move on, 
  could be a bot though : /, 
  i literally played wow for the first time 2 weeks ago, 
  why are you trying to invalidate my otp , satan x jesus ? 
  without context , that water looked like something ... else ... 
  my fictional universe is just an universe where i do n't hate my life . 
  fixed, 
  did n't look clear, 
  i 'm not in debt to begin with, 
  wprking on it . 
  i only recently started playing, 
  my sitsuation when it comes to that is hard to explain . 
  personal opinion : all of them look ridiculous, 
  what i 've heard is that the head of the chess comitee that arranges these tournaments ( i 'm sorry i ca n't remember the actual name ) is super rich and super corrupt . 
  what i 've heard is that the head of the chess comitee that arranges these tournaments ( i 'm sorry i ca n't remember the actual name ) is super rich and super corrupt . 
  funny how that happens, 
  funny how that happens, 
  what do you mean by title ? 
  oh yes , that 's definetly some good news, 
  i pretty much only play zyra in a solo lane . 
  i 'd argue that video game addiction is definetly real though, 
  why is everyone acting like wild does n't even exist ? 
  should probably hold on to cards that have a high chance to get nerfed, 
  that sub us absolut gold, 
  i thought smoking 4chanbacco caused that . 
  atleast i do n't have to worry about risking ranks since i 'm rank 20 zero stars, 
  no , then you blame your own deck not having good enough card and rng being against you . 
  let 's be real . 
  oh god , i just saw the chess wins , which already terrified me , since who would torture tehmselves in that way ? 
  but then i saw your gold count ... 
  insanely broken !, 
  discard deck . 
  that sub is a thing ? 
  i want tyrande so bad ... 
  did n't they ban credit cards from countries where twitch prime is n't available ? 
  and there 's wax where their brains should be . 
  i laughed so hard that i probably sounded like a murloc, 
  but where 's the profit in that ? 
  he somehow manages to look younger with a cigarette in his mouth, 
  for that , i would sue, 
  atleast get mods to take down the video on that one subreddit, 
  need to start running the eater of secrets or whatever that card is . 
  and you only need the first wing of brm . 
  i 'm actually going to buy it , since the first wing has such good cards in it , even though it will rotate out next year, 
  there could be both openers and combos in some cards . 
  exactly . 
  you actually have to think about the order you play the cards, 
  yeah , and you get rez and gang up aswell, 
  i already have that,
