  is it just that euw is so big ? 
  solution : mid sona . 
  that would be just enough . 
  they should test on euw , because if euw can handle it , any server can . 
  bit of both . 
  i think his opinions ate his own , but he presents them in a way that makes them sound pretty radical . 
  i might be following your path with this . 
  weirdly enough , he is the reason i started to seriously consider vegeterianism . 
  did some research and made the decision . 
  honestly one of my better decisions . 
  that 's actually something i have to be thankful for . 
  i was referencing to their flair . 
  side note though , karma support is really strong atm . 
  have you seen many below diamond support mains ? 
  i 'm one aswell :d, 
  do you remember that one guy , who 's mother died in rp cargo ship . 
  and what is their logic for testing it on na and turkey ? 
  i would imagine that euw would be much better test subject , since if euw can take it , then can pretty much any other server as well . 
  euw has a bigger player base , so it would make sense for the pbe to be located , at least closer to eu , rather than on the west coast of us ( to my knowledge they did n't move the pbe servers ) so they would get more testers , and actually could fix something before sending it to live . 
  even if they would have tested on na first , they should have every server have the new queue before ranked season starts , so people do n't accidentally dodge and lose placements . 
  i 'll give myself permission for a small rant about the euw and eune . 
  there is literally no point for anyone living in the area , that 's suppose to play on the eune , play on the eune , other than maybe bit better servers , due to a lower amount of players . 
  both servers are located in the same place !, 
  why ? 
  would n't it make more sense to have eune servers closer to players who are geographically suppose to play on that server ? 
  i have played on both servers , and i get equal ping on both of them , even tough i belong to the nordic part of the eu . 
  biggest difference i found between the servers was that eune had less people speaking in english . 
  what is the point of separate servers , if they are located in the same place ? 
  players have no reason to play on eune over euw . 
  rant over . 
  thank you for your time . 
   biggest region run by riot, 
  ftfy, 
  but that is even more reason to test on euw . 
  euw has had way more problems , so it 's likely that if there are going to be problems , they will happen on euw and then they can fix them before full release . 
  i would kill to actually get to play with the new champion select . 
  i want a clear answer about the `` compensation '' . 
  is it real ? 
  apart from 4 win ip boost crap . 
  if it is true , that 's pretty shitty thing from riot . 
  yeah . 
  now they have * even * more reason to test large scale things on euw first . 
  if it can be broken , we will brake it . 
  because riot do n't know logical thinking . 
  maybe making pbe playable for eu player base would improve it . 
  i would imagine that even moving the pbe server closer to the east coast would help with that . 
  what do you count as a `` major region '' ? 
  or at least release it on all regions * before * you start ranked , so everyone can train in normal , so they do n't lose placements to accidental dodges . 
  they test in a both large and a small server . 
  that is a horrible reason for fucking this up this badly . 
  if we wo n't break it , nothing will . 
  and the sad thing is that pretty much no one even remembers that anymore . 
  riot has done so much wrong to all regions , expect na . 
  there was some trying when they increased the rp price in every currency , expect usd . 
  then it was slowly forgotten . 
  i think that riot is at/is getting to the point of too big fall . 
  but it got back up mostly , and i 'm prettu sure they wo n't change it again . 
  provably not . 
  pressing buttons is tought . 
  do n't take my cancerous support morgana away from me . 
  add zyra in there . 
  she needs it badly . 
  her cast times are too long . 
  she can basicly . 
  snare herself with her snare , because the cast time is so long . 
  she is pretty much weaker version of heimer with her plants . 
  level 5 morgana here . 
  i agree . 
  only thing i would ever change is her passive . 
  it 's just boring stat increase it 's like passiver ahri passive . 
  the sustain fits her playstyle , but currently it 's pretty boring . 
  and she got a minor one pretty recently . 
  i kinda hope they make her more of the summoner type with the voidlings . 
  she just needs a visual update . 
  no , but they might take little bits from here and there . 
  maybe they should have fixed it * before * the season started . 
  jesus came and said : `` this is all wrong . 
  that stuff is outdated . 
  you need an update . '', 
  til we need another christ so we can get christianity up to date . 
  by taking things too seriously . 
   demoman dies from being sober for too long, 
  ftfy, 
  sober poisoning, 
  he specificly said pants . 
  no it does n't . 
  guess what we are getting after this !, 
  yes that 's right !, 
  a real 4win ip-boost !, 
  old nunu nunu kassadin ? 
  `` flash now teleports you only by one teemo '', 
  for those of you who do n't know , teemo is , the last time i heard 100 in-game units and therefor the smallest champion in the game . 
  we do n't have the party to have party ip, 
  why ? 
  it 's fun , if riot had n't abandoned it to the amusement park when it was a kid . 
  why would we have smaller ip boost because of that ? 
  i wonder if it will stretch to a week . 
  they had whole preseason so sort this stuff out , and they decide to blow it up * after * the season has started . 
  i would say both . 
  how much of a difference can -5 ad make .
