hope they do n't do this for finnish cause it would just sound retarded . 
  and almoust all players in finland play on euw for some reason ( poland players . ), 
  some food allergies disappear when you grow up , so i think not . 
  also reading the title was painful . 
  they are only interested about the most inteligent species of our planet . 
  also malhazar has connections to shurima i think , if i dob ' t completly remember wrong, 
  this disgussion is about lore and only the lore . 
  if they are going to add alternative to hallow it must be this . 
  that is just so well made suggestion with sprites and everything . 
  there are some mods that allow you to customize your worlds before generating them . 
  you can decide if you want crimson or corruption , if you want to have pyramids or not ( i do n't think that you can choose how many of them you want ) and if you want living trees or not . 
  i 've not really used these , but you can find some footage from youtube . 
  hellavators will stop the biomes from spreadinjg in the underground . 
  you need to dig 2 tunnels down to hell and they need to be atleast 3 blocks wide i think ( because hallow and corruption/crimson can jump past 2 block space . 
  then you just make sure there is n't any hallow or cromson in the middle of the 2 hellevators and you got an underground area where crimson , corruption or hallow wont spread on it own, 
  hallow , crimson and corruption will not usually spread to the surface from udnerground because they will only spread on stone , grass and ice ( maybe some others , but these are the most common ones ) . 
  they do n't spread trough dirt so biomes from underground wont spread to the surface becaue there usually is n't stone or grass coming to the surface from the underground stone layer . 
  you got some great theories about this game . 
  i love all games that do n't have clear lore , but instead have hints that you can theory craft the lore form . 
  so let 's think who is the player :, 
  so starting from the facts that are clear to us . 
  you start in the middle of a big island with copper sword , pickaxe and an axe . 
  you clearly have those tools already on you so the guide didi n't give them to you ( unless he gave you some tools to your pockets while you were in sleep or something and i find that very unlikely ) . 
  you do n't seem to know anything about anything referring to guide 's quotes when you frist spoke to him . 
  he explains everything to you . 
  so you have most likely had a memory loss or you have just been created/born . 
  and because you already have tools i can assume that it 's just a memory loss . 
  this is packed up by the character creation ( yes it is part of the in game role in my opinion ) . 
  you are trying to remember who you are and what you look like . 
  then the guide explains to you how to do some basic things like chopping wood etc. 
  so you have suffered really big memory loss . 
  it was most likely caused from how you got there . 
  maybe a hit to your head or something messing with your mind . 
  i ` dd say it was the presence of the corruption/crimson . 
  you have not previously experienced anything as terrifying as corruption or crimson and the pure evil of it got to your mind and caused you to black out for awhile and loosing your memory . 
  as you have never experienced corruption/crimson you are clearly from some other place that does n't have such pure evil . 
  you have probably ended up there because of some kinda magic went wrong . 
  you ended up in the place that is closed out from the rest of the world as you ca n't just swim out to the other islands that you can see in the ocean biome background . 
  some kidna strong magic is keeping that island closed from the rest of the world ( maybe it 's cthulhu , but that would be some another theory ) . 
  so you are trapped there and do n't know anything about your life before you got trapped to the land of terraria . 
  conclusion : you are from another island or mainlaind in that world and ended up there because of some kinda teleporting magic went wrong and the evil of corruption/crimson made you loose your memory of your previous life . 
  from the setting, 
  maybe it was because of leona . 
  leona is from the mt.targon ( or what ever it is called ) and it looks like the campfire thing is on a mountain . 
  that is how eve was at one point . 
  everyone would report you simply for playing that champion . 
  you should make a post about this, 
  but you can use them to control the attacker, 
  not everyones first language is english . 
  but they are not fun to play against . 
  but what is the point of urf , if you need to play certain champions to have fun ? 
  and think that we are more advanced than we actually were and there will be ancient aliens on tv in the future too . 
  imagine , when people stop buying anything and just pirate the 3d printing files for everything they need and the only company that will be succesfull will be the ones , making waht ever 3d printers will use as fuel . 
  my argument to abortion ( since that seems to be what everybody is disgussing here ) is that we eat eggs . 
  eating something made of eggs is like abortion . 
  you are preventing unborn life from ever having a change to live . 
  we have no problem eating other animals , before they are born , but oh my god when we decide to kill our unwanted and unborn child that has yet to become functioning human being . 
  and yes i know that most of the eggs we eat are not fertilized , but some are . 
  when we eat un fertilized egg , we are basicly eating the chickens period blood . 
  i must be so fun to be around . 
  depends on the human we are talking about . 
  some humans who are high in ranks in our society could cause serious damage to some peoples state of mind if they were to die . 
  some humans are worth more , but a person who has no one who loves them , knows them or cares about them and is un able to do work of anykind is worthless . 
  every human is worth something , if they are able to do work that might effect other in any way or if someone would care if they died . 
  would we kill a human , that is doing nothing for our society and who nobody cares about ? 
  an unbord fetus is just what i descriped . 
  the mother wants to abort it therefor they dont care about it and i do n't believe anyone else expect the mother cares about an unborn fetus . 
  they are not doing anything that effects us in anyway ( not counting what they might , become because i could make whole seperate post about it ) . 
  that fetus never becoming a full human does n't affect anyones life , expect the mothers so only one who can decide about it is the mother . 
  get ready for people finding ways to make it show negative by all the ways you cna imagine and even the ones you ca n't . 
  just tought of one : `` i start your car for x ammount of money so you can drive home wile you are drunk '', 
  please tell me that they are mirrored too , because your 4 's will be really weird otherwise . 
  because then reddit would become 4chan, 
   the girl also said the two also plan on having children . 
  their future children must be so happy . 
  ok . for me upside-down = mirrored from the top or bottom so it seemed weird . 
  lot of us do it by not even thinking about it . 
  i didi n't notice it before someone pointed it out . 
  we also do the down nod to people we do n't know . 
  up nod is for friends and people we know . 
  on a vgs related topic . 
  am i only one who sometimew just looks at the chat and sees that it 's only me using vgs and no one else is even chatting anything . 
  i 'm level 19 btw . 
  that would kinda be fair . 
  if the team does n't want that pick to their team . 
  for example someone is needed to pick a tank and they big an assassin . 
  but there are still downsides . 
  well i feel like i spam when i actually try to communicate with vgs . 
  probably because no one else in my team never uses vgs or chat so the chat is just full of my vgs commands . 
  well i 'm level 19 and see cabrakan every other game so i might be blinded to think that there are no gods considered bad in this game . 
  only one i have heard someone call a bad god is nox . 
  side note : thor is really strong in the current meta and even picked in the competitive, 
  it 's frustrating when you have to play with people who know nothing about mobas in general and you have played mobas over 2 years, 
  donald duck comic books . 
  my dad has had a subscription to it since my birth . 
  voting for rek ` sai myself . 
  korea will ping mia and danger as fast as they can , but we will not understand because it 's in korean . 
  plus faker is definetly ftl, 
  we get early warning when koreans ping mia as he exits south korea . 
  na wont listen and then korea will rage at na for dying to a faker gank .
