  i feel like zyra will survive fotm pretty well , without nerfs , which is nice . 
  akali will surely come back into the meta , and i believe she will be a strong pick at all elos , purely , because she is n't instantly countered by pink wards anymore . 
  leona is the worst thing ever . 
  good thing is that she is n't popular right now , so you can just ban blitz and be fine . 
  `` because it would increase toxicity '' ca n't always be a reason to not implement new stuff, 
  you can mute them as always . 
  that 's just a stupid reason to not implement this, 
  '' ... of lumiosity '', 
  i would n't mind being titled the rise of the thorns, 
  annie bot , the dark child will be sick, 
  they could be edited to be gender neutral, 
  season 7 is going to be the season of delivery . 
  zyra with j4 ult, 
  get over 100 ranked games . 
  i doubt i even have 50 this season . 
  also i 'll only play zyra all season in ranked . 
  whatever happened to the mt. 
  targon event ... 
  lux actually was my first main . 
  perhaps i should pick her up again . 
  i kinda want to try and make mf support work against zyra , so people will try to play it against her , so i can obliviate them from history . 
  that 's flairist !, 
  proudly disgusted , or disgustincly proud ? 
  i freaking love this show . 
  the season two is currently airing in finland . 
  so much gif potential, 
  this is one of the shows i would consider learning gif making for . 
  there are n't enough gifs of this . 
  perhaps the classic shower scene, 
  life goes on . 
  who is the mother ? 
  nuclear missile from where ? 
  a nuclear war would be a lose - lose for everyone . 
  he is talking about child support, 
  i do agree that men should n't be forced to pay child support for children they never wanted to have , that should come from the government . 
  but right for abortion still should n't be taken away from women . 
  no one should be forced to become a parent , unless they pay . 
  they ca n't . 
  there 's a wall, 
  for fucks sake , i do n't care for trump , just take care of pence please . 
  he needs shock therapy more than anyone else . 
  in some cases , that can be even harder . 
  i 'm not american, 
  well atleast uk voted for independence . 
  north korea invents high-tech president seeking missiles and launches two, 
  get rid of pence , i wo n't mind trump . 
  pence is too close to presidency than i 'm comfortable with . 
  4 rebublican , evangelical , xeno - and homophobic justices . 
  i honestly feel bad for everyone living in the us, 
  he also funds it whenever he can . 
  and pence ca n't be assassinated , because then trump goes full paranoid and bombs moscow, 
  he is fucking disgusting excuse of a civilized person . 
  love won , but now it 's going to die , thanks to these idiots with opinions from the stone age . 
  nukes only work against nations that do n't have nukes to shoot back at you, 
  6 months, 
  let 's be real here . 
  that 's how long it will take for us to see the results, 
  i wonder how many people from england , wales and northern-ireland would move to scotland of they got their independence and eu membership . 
  does that even qualify as human ? 
  i feel really bad for all the underage lgbt + americans , who did n't even have a chance to affect the outcome of the election , that will possibly affect them for decades . 
  i truly believe that if the voting age was 16 in the us , hillary could have won . 
  welp sorry to live in a bilingual country that 's part of the globalized world , which uses english . 
  i 'll just go ahead and unlearn the three languages my parent 's do n't speak ... 
  but english was originally born in britain . 
  americans speaking english is offensive !, 
  well , around 55 million people voted for trump so ... / s, 
  but those who do n't care will most likely not be affected by this . 
  the minorities will suffer the most , and i 'm willing to say that most of them voted against trump, 
  the middle east then , perhaps ? 
  yeah , i do n't know if governmental election voting age is 16 anywhere , though i think it should be . 
  i 'll be 17 during the next presidental election in finland , which kinda sucks , but i guess it 's not that bad since the presidency is n't such a big deal here . 
  though we did have a gay runner up at the last election , so it would have been nice to vote for him ( although all i know about him is his name , that he is from the green party and that he is gay ; nothing of his politics ) . 
  why never ? 
  maybe npt imidietly , but eventually, 
  at that point you 'll seriously start to see celebrities and just the general population moving out . 
  i 'm going to have to be a realist right now . 
  they ca n't criminalize homosexuality due to the huge backslash from almost all other first world countries if they start to arrest gay celebrities . 
  even if they choose to ignore the celebrities , even just the law by itself will have the same reaction . 
  if the us wishes to stay in any kind of good light in the eyes of rest of the world , they can not do that . 
  most of the stuff trump has said is very irrational and ca n't possibly come true . 
  stuff that pence has done and said is truly insane , and worst of all it can actually happen . 
  you can do fat right , and you can do fat wrong . 
  the right way is to be fat as little time as possible . 
  hitler literally burned millions of calories . 
  i wonder what was his secret ... 
  / r/imgoingtohellforthis, 
  they do , but the side effects are terrible, 
  reasent factoid i heard : the trade between the us and europe is about half of the whole world, 
  holy shit . 
  wtf america ? 
  well they also predicted trump 's presidency, 
  trump is the meme party, 
  communism only works when no one works . 
  everyone getting the same pay for no work is way better than everyone getting same pay for different work . 
  that 's it . 
  i 'm giving up on the us . 
  europe , canada , japan and ~ ~ south korea ~ ~ , you are the future now . 
  do n't fuck up . 
  for him , or just definetly not for her ? 
  because what we currently consider conservative use to be liberal,
