  i really do n't know much about that game . 
  by that logic , tf2 should be banned in the same regions . 
  people who are premium with op perks ... 
  with op donator perks, 
  sniper was dead for about half a day . 
  sniper is probably going to kill the robots and medic will come and save everyone with quick-fix, 
  that plugin is for sniper only servers . 
  why would someone use it for something else . 
  collecting the weapons is n't that bad because we have scrap.tf, 
  the main problem is affording them, 
  snowplow , second point on defense . 
  set up next to the crates and tank your sentry with the rescue ranger, 
  i ca n't reflect the airshot rockets ... 
  can you even reflect those ? 
  is n't the mannmelter suppose to shoot some kinda of arcing laser thingy, 
  engy . 
  if you ca n't hit anything , just place down aimbot turret !, 
  seriously tough . 
  if you ever want to relax and not really have to try that much , play engineer . 
  somewhat relevant : cats meow to humans , because they think we are too stupid to understand any other kind of language . 
  and not feeling tired is just it being on cooldown . 
  well technicly that was illegal , but it 's also illegal to insult someone most of the time . 
  and because he ca n't really sue that kid one to three kicks should be good , since it looks like he kinda warned the kid at first . 
  they want to feel that there is atleast someone weaker than them . 
  i know this , because i use to be a bully and i use to be bullied aswell . 
  i just took it in , and let it out , directed to someone weaker than me . 
  everyone is bullied and everyone is a bully at somepoint . 
  everyone just does n't notice it . 
  they are trying to avoid the same happening to them . 
  there is a bully in everyone . 
  some just have the strenght to keep it caged . 
  but if you push them over the edge , the beast might get loose ... 
  this happened to me . 
  it would be fun to see pros vs hackers game . 
  it would probably be possible , but it would n't be legal . 
  valve might have the right to take down the servers tough , since they affect their game in negative way . 
  i find that hard to believe . 
  also hightower for people who suck at rocket jumping and get a soldier contract . 
  passtime is the way to go for them . 
  there are definetly differences between server locations . 
  i mainly play on stockholm servers and i see hacker maybe once a week or less . 
  there are also differenses between gamemodes . 
  i feel like most hackers are on gunmettle servers at the moment . 
  yes that was the joke . 
  everyone understood it and you still needed to point it out . 
  the bonesaw hack is the best . 
  100 % crit chanche is way too good . 
  by playing the game . 
  i have a theory about people with more hats generally being able to play better :, 
  when people see someone with lots of fancy hats or for example unusual , they think : `` that guy plays the game alot , becasue he has lots of hats . 
  he is definetly better than me . '', 
  when this happens , they are not feeling as confident as they normally would be , they might miss few more shots than they usually would or they might miss postion and lose the fight that they normally would not . 
  that way hats affect gameplay and how well player does . 
  only downside of valve servers is random crits . 
  and that is stupid . 
  it 's made to reawrd good players , but it really should n't . 
  good players should n't need help . 
  i wonder if you can actually even use them anymore ... 
  only valve knows . 
  i 'm saying that they might try too hard , and that way mess up their muscel memory in some cases . 
  i do n't think most people would notice it happening , they would just simply think they got outplayed . 
  it 's a small , most of the time pointless factor , but it 's still there . 
  also , players with no cosmetics what so ever probably draw way less attention to themself than a lime scout . 
  does that mean we get to play as the halloween bosses or the robots ? 
  i have not . 
  might be something to do with the fact that i do n't want babies or kids anywhere near me . 
  i would really take anyone who can do work where the country is lacking workers in . 
  no reason to take people who wont get jobs . 
  they wont contribute to our country . 
  we do n't have jobs for our own people , meaning we have way less jobs for them . 
  or we could just make them do work for the goverment , doing jobs that most people do n't want . 
  it probably worked in us , but it most likely wont work in europe . 
  i feel bad syaing this : in europe , we are way more racist than in america . 
  us has always been melpting pot of people from different countries . 
  europe is completly different thing . 
  let 's say a refugee in finland decides that they want to start a business . 
  then they realise that everything cots way too much , meaning it 's impossible for them to start a business and even if they manage to start one , people will be driven away by the background of the business owner . 
  that works because they have room to set up camps there . 
  i want to see them try to set up camps like that here in finland and watch them freeze to death in the winter ( or right now during the night ), 
  they can already do that . 
  who is saying there are n't any suicide bombers in europe already ? 
  or do we not matter ? 
  when we do n't have jobs for our own citizens , how are we going to get jobs for the refugees who most likely do not speak our language at all ? 
  no one , and it 's good that way . 
  i would n't trust anyone i do n't knok enough to let them come live in my house . 
  no matter where they are from . 
  where do we put them ? 
  i know !, 
  let 's set up tents for them !, 
  in finland !, 
  just as the winter is coming !, 
  i 'm sure they 'll be fine . 
  note the words : `` mass waves of migrants '', 
  where do we house them ? 
  tell me that and i 'll welcome them all to come and live in finland . 
  greece should n't really be expected to take a lot of refugees when looking at their situation . 
  the problem is that we ca n't control where most refugees end up in . 
  in my opinion they should completly remove runes and buff some base stats, 
  and youtube also has a special way of knowing who actually watched the video, 
  there are already tons of videos .
