  or wear them as a hat . 
  i think people know now . 
  match history is bugged . 
  it shows that my score was 3/3/3 , but that 's just a bug . 
  who ypu sell those weapons to also makes a big difference, 
  irrelevant, 
  i call myself a support main , it being ( probably ) my most played role . 
  i do enjoy it , but having to play it * every single game * becomes really boring . 
  if you pick support and some other role , you will almost never get any other role than support :(, 
  but ranged champions are suppose to be able to bully melee champions . 
  as a trade off , they are really squishy compared to melee champions . 
  most of the time melee champions can win staight up fights against ranged champions . 
  that is the advantage those champions have , and the disadvantage the others have . 
  sometimes you get bullied and forced to farm undertower . 
  you just have to deal with that . 
  when league dies , i 'm pretty sure that so will the moba genre , because it will take a long time for lol to die , unless a game comes and absolutely crushes it into pieces , which i find unlikely . 
  a new game might lower the playerbase , but a single game is n't enough to kill it . 
  maokai and tahm arre there because they share a splash art with vel ` koz, 
  i just want more quotes for her . 
  aswell as for lot of other champions . 
  and her exiled skin could use recolor on her abilities . 
  otherwise she is totally fine . 
  expect for the fact that atleast 75 % of the champions are assassins and you 'll porbably get one shoteed a lot if you pick anything else . 
  [ video ] ( http://plays.tv/video/5707b12c844cf6a523/zyra-instant-revive-after-killing-xerath-with-her-passive?from=user ) where zyra gets revived without crashing . 
  ) from this thread . 
  not my video ), 
  is it a bad thing that refillable potions can be bought ? 
  i like having some extra sustain without having to run around getting health relics . 
  why swedish ? 
  so now he has is pipe , but it 's not light up . 
  such small little technical differences make all the difference . 
  remember kids . 
  pipes and ciggarettes are ok . just do n't light them up . 
  i do n't understand how that makes a difference . 
  they just removed the smoke . 
  also , according to some post , blood is also not allowed . 
  aparently . 
  so they 'll have to have a vladimir splash without blood . 
  thanks . 
  i have been enlightened about pasta eating swedish kids . 
  yeah . 
  that skin is just really weird at the moment . 
  it 's 975 rp skin that is basicly a recolor , expect for basic attacks , which are colored . 
  i find it weird that they only colored her basic attacks . 
  that skin deserves better . 
  it 's the same price as ghost pride , which has new animations and completly new ability effects . 
  yes . 
  i just wish some other champions were viable as well . 
  some extra mana regen would be nice , so mages can keep up . 
  we got ascension now, 
  i agreee that she was cancer and braindead to play , but i still miss her . 
  there is no one that really feels the same in a solo lane . 
  i do n't know if it was her playstyle , or the fact that she was seen as a purely support by many and they were surprised to see her in solo lane and winning . 
  i love the current karma , and i never got to try the old karma , but reading about her kit makes me want to play it . 
  i wish riot would take some of the ideas from old karma and re-use them . 
  i think it 's good that she has low cc , because with cc she would be really strong if not op . 
  they could make her passive do something on it 's own . 
  currently it just provides free gold for enemies if she is n't using her w. 
  my glorious country has lost to our rival , sweden , in pasta consumed percapita . 
  we are a failure . 
  yeah , i tried bunch of different champions after that comment and fell in love with illaoi . 
  having no cc does n't matter when you deal huge aoe damage and outheal everyone from your tentacles . 
  the fact that there are n't lot of them here also helps . 
  i 'm not so well informed about this . 
  could they get the same voice actor for ryze to do more quotes for him . 
  in myopinion his voice is fine , but he shares attacking and movement quotes , and that 's why he has so few . 
  i do n't like kog ` maw 's vo . 
  or any void champion 's with the expection of vel ` koz actually . 
  and look at what happens when we stop screaming . 
  at first people screamed for soloq , riot promised it . 
  people stopped . 
  then riot said that they might not release soloq . 
  we have to keep screaming . 
  i know one person in my group pf friends who is both fit and smart . 
  rest are one or the other or neither, 
  you pretend to sleep at first . 
  atleast not stick . 
  then he would he 100 % in control, 
  just remembernto add the squareroot of nagasaki and it will make more sense . 
  i believe that the statistics might be flawes , because of lot of players playing assassins and performing badly with them . 
  yeah i ment that i 'll activate it with essence . 
  thanks for the answer . 
  that hand/paw looks amazing, 
  she does need some buffs . 
  making her animations smoother would be fitting of her character . 
  is n't trynda more of an beyblade ? 
  i do n't want to see an ap tryndamare . 
  perhaps they could give higher exp vs players marked as smurfs . 
  they both like them and dislike them . 
  it would also scare away any alien invaders, 
  their hair is part of them naturally . 
  clothes are not, 
  do you think she was totally suicidal ? 
  maybe she saw her hand in a mirror and realised that she should not look into one . 
  somehow there are still some people in the first world who think that slavery should n't have been banned . 
  how do we update these outdated backward rotten cactuses ? 
  not enough . 
  i will never be able to live comfortably knowing , that my time alive is limited . 
  i need to do something about that . 
  if global warming becomes an urgent crisis , nations will fight against each other to secure remaining resources .
