  i got pyro contract where advanced part was : `` kills with reflected projectiles '', 
  i got two of those as field tested and then i got civil servant as factory new - . -, 
  where would the goals be in pass_2fort ? 
  i would be all up for pass_doublecross having the goals at the each end of the bridge and just disaple the unneeded parts of the map . 
  this . 
  also with the extra health , you can stickyjump all over the place and be way more mobile than other classes . 
  perfect rocket jumps , perfect decison making and perfect aim make the perfect soldier . 
  pyro 's skill ceiling is when you can time everything ( buff and sting combos , reflects etc. ), 
  perfectly 100 % of the time . 
  that is possible to achieve as a human . 
  snipers skill ceiling is basicly impossible to achieve for a human , because i do n't think there are people with no delay between seeing the target and shooting the target . 
  yeah , like : `` you have recieved a special bonus item ! '', 
  way too dank for me, 
  inb4 huni picks morde and yellowstar goes top with him and rekless goes solo . 
  0.09 is a 0.09 no matter waht way you look at it . 
  yes , and make it so slower classes throw further that faster classes . 
  scout throws the shortest , heavy the longest . 
  wait for it atleast come out of beta first . 
  why do people keep saying that the dead ringer is bad ? 
  now it does what it 's suppose to do ; get you out of trouble . 
  it 's no longer for tanking damage . 
  they need to add some reload speed to shortstop . 
  i just bought strange one before gunmettle :(, 
  spycicle is not that good as you give it credit for . 
  stock outclasses it still , and sometimes the be does aswell . 
  on pyro : the powerjack is not worth it , because of the passive damage vunerability . 
  deadringer is definetly not the worst watch . 
  all spy watches are good and c&d is still the worst one , having to decloack to pick up metal can give away your position . 
  with dr you just run away . 
  spycicle is n't as good as people give it credit for . 
  stock outclasses it , because good spies should be getting hit by flames that often . 
  if you think you need the spycicle , use the deadringer . 
  it does the same thing . 
  stock is a lot stronger sapper . 
  for primary : stock , ambassador , l'trangle ( probably fucked it up ), 
  stock is still the strongest scout primary . 
  extra jumps do n't match the consistent dps . 
  for secondary the best are stock , milk or cleaver if comboing with sandman . 
  loch n load should only be used to take down sentry nests . 
  stock is mostly better . 
  skullcutters damage bonus is not worth of the minus speed . 
  hybrid demoknight is still the strongest , atleast when not playing defense . 
  demo melee should be stock/caber/eyelander / pan . 
  bazaar bargain is too big of an risk for sniper . 
  stock is the strongest . 
  i use it only because it looks and sounds better . 
  the hit things helps sometimes , but it does n't feel as sturdy as the stock bat . 
  i occasionally go on spy streaks . 
  i use the samller version , because you can press the 1 , 2 and 3 keys quickly without having to move your fingers from important keys . 
  and it 's also easy to memorise the number combinations . 
  in my head sniper disguise = 32 etc. 
  it 's really easy . 
  most used disguises for spies are usually pyro ( 13 ) , demoman ( 21 ) , engineer ( 23 ) , medic ( 31 ) and sniper ( 32 ) . 
  those are 5 two digit numbers to remember . 
  you definetly should . 
  tip , do n't disguise as a spy . 
  spies do n't walk undisguised , unless they are using the yer . 
  undisguides friendly spy is very suspicous . 
  only problem i have with rd are the armies of engineers . 
  even if you didi n't start from the beginning you can get the gold , because eveyrone gets the same ammount of contracts even if they buy the pass later . 
  it ca n't affect ranking . 
  the ammont of contract points is in noway a display of players skill . 
  also what about people who didi n't buy it ? 
  aswell as bunch of other things . 
  add goal keeper pybro to defense ( pybro = pyro with a homewrecker ( or neon , but there is no water in warehouse ) defending sentries by spycheckking , removing sappers and reflecting projectiles ) . 
  pyro can airblast the jack away from the goal . 
  axtinguisher is fine . 
  it 's the strongest pyro melee at the moment , because of the powerjack getting nerfed . 
  other ones are just sitsuational . 
  i wish they would make powerjack atleast playable . 
  the passive damage vunarability is too much . 
  they should make it like the escape plan or goru for pyro , so you are marked for death while holding it , or just make the +20 % damage taken only be active while the weapon is active . 
  axtinguisher is really just the strongest pyro melee right now . 
  what are people complaining about ? 
  but spy disguise is still kinda bad , since spies are usually behind the enemy lines , not behind their team . 
  i do too ... expect i do n't have the high-five taunt ... 
  i do it irl ... but nobody still slaps my hand, 
  do you mean the + damage taken ? 
  then there is a visual bug in my opinion . 
  it says that the +20 % damage taken is on wearer atribute . 
  now that i look at it , it says that the speed is passive aswell . 
  they should fix that for clarity . 
  make it : +20 % damage vulnerability while weapon is active and not display it under the pyro on the loadout screen . 
  i usually just go invis and decloack behind the enemy lines and then just switch to wich ever disguise is needed . 
  then valve is like : `` joining spectator now would unbalance the teams '', 
  when the team you are on has more players than the enemy team . 
  on cp : when the enemy team is pushed to their last point, 
  on pl : when cart is x distance away from the last point, 
  on koth : when your team has only x ammount of time remaining and the enemy team is n't currently capturing the point . 
  no autobalance during overtime . 
  make it so you are only allowed to go to the spectator at the end of the round or when joining a server ( or from being idle ), 
  just call scramble . 
  if you are not playing agaisnt idiots , they will scramble aswell, 
  i have a 404 spray not found spray i always cover stuff with . 
  but some sprays ca n't be sprayed over ... 
  why do 24/7 servers have to change map ... 
  it would be pretty easy to censor out . 
  then it would be a perfect loop, 
  manmelter needs recharge bar . 
  i really do n't like not having a shotgun or rs as a secondary , unless i 'm going just buff and stinging with the flaregun , because that is how you loose fights against enemy pyros .
