  i really hope not . 
  fix the game first, 
  hyih . 
  finland is omnipresent, 
  get out of this country . 
  we believe in our true lord v\u00e4in\u00e4m\u00f6inen , who with his mighty kantele , crafted from the jaw bone of a big and mighty pike , sings the spells that bend the forces of nature , and in ilmarinen , the best smith to have ever walked this earth , which btw came from an egg of sotka that fell from the knee of the maiden of the air . 
  he is the forger of sampo , a machine that grinds endless wealth out of thin air . 
  please note that i sacrificed last of my phone 's battery writing this . 
  enjoy . 
  in finland , you finnish 9th grade , which is the last one , when you are around 15 or so , depending on your birthday . 
  after that you can go either to study a job , or go to lukio , which is somewhat of an equivalent of high school and lasts around 3 years . 
  i 'm currently on 9th grade , and i 'll have to decide by march where i want to apply . 
  i 'm going to lukio , just to have few more years to think about wham i 'm going to do for the rest of my life . 
  and i also have to decide which lukio i want to go to . 
  that 's not as bad of a choice though , since i 'll probably just go to the top ranked one in my city . 
  in the world, 
  to renounce the taboo of jacking to porn, 
  it 's not the laws , it 's the people applying them to teenagers that they are ment to protect . 
  fire all the judges and officers who are that stupid . 
  is it just me or is it super weird that all the teenagers punished in similar cases that were mentioned in the article were boys ? 
  no , that 's too beautiful place to die for them . 
  they deserve it worse . 
  are n't you aware of the fact that ash ketchum is not human ? 
   win ~ ~ 10 ~ ~ game ~ ~ s ~ ~ as priest ~ ~ with our special unicorn deck ~ ~, 
  ftfy, 
  if they would give this even a bit of thought , they would see that this is ridiculous . 
  i really despise jehovas witnesses . 
  it 's a socially accepted cult, 
  they have n't been aware of trans people using which ever bathroom . 
  they lack the understanding of the concept of transsexuality . 
  i assume most of them think it 's just fat hairy men crossdressing . 
  knowing the teacher 's first name is really that rare ? 
  i 've known the first name of all the teacher 's i 've ever had . 
  the black omamba, 
  otk priest is my go to , because i 'm incapable of building any other type of deck . 
  i have to say , it kinda works . 
  someone must make a twitch clip youtube mirtor bot . 
  twitch player is awful on mobile, 
  you should just not expect anyone to like or agree with your religion, 
  i 'll go ahead and assume that dragons are n't the source of the magic , but instead caused by the same thing , that also caused magic to come back / strenghthen . 
  perhaps the bleeding star ( or wahtever it was called ) ? 
  i do n't know if that was explained better in books , but perhaps something like that caused both the dragons and the magic . 
  is n't it creating valyrian steel that requires magic and the existing steel can still be reforged , only by skilled smiths who know how to do it , but still . 
  tywin had ice smelted and widow 's veil and oathkeeper forged from it . 
  the red commet having something to do with it seems possible . 
  after all it did n't appear after the dragons , but dragons were hatched while the comet was on the sky . 
  i really do n't get how the comet could appear before the dragons , if the dragons caused it . 
  though , depending on the order , it would most likely shape decks around it . 
  did n't the conversation about that come to the conclusion that the app completly re-instals itself whenever it updates , or do i remember wrong . 
  still pretty bad design, 
  i doubt it , since it 's for priest . 
  knowing the current state of the class , making a priest hero that you have to pay for is just bad planning . 
  same with hearthstone telling me to buy the starter pack again whenver i open the game on mobile . 
  what were released in 2015 . 
  i know black rock mountain was . 
  awww ... 
  i will be sad to lose flash heal . 
  bit late , but i have been trying to do this , but i keep getting `` unfortunately , google play services have stopped '' when trying to open play store . 
  i managed to download hearthstone but then i got `` hearthstone has stopped '' when trying to open the game . 
  i attempted to reinstal hearthstone , but now i ca n't get into the playstore, 
  the s tier, 
  note that both will rotate out of standard after the first expansion of 2017 is released, 
  the feeling when you love priest but have neither dragons nor rez ... 
  the one non-adventure legendary happens to be malygos . 
  perhaps i should try sticking it in a rogue deck . 
  i do n't try to push myself out of depression , atleast not when it 's the most intense , when i usually just curl up , because i have no strenght to do anything . 
  i do n't think i could pull myself up from that even if i tried , but i have learned to notice when my mind drifts to thoughts that could cause that deep state of depression , and i try to distract myself by putting my focus on something else . 
  i have not been diagnosed , but everything i do points towards bipolar so i drew the conclusion myself . 
  even that small self-diagnosis helped me to understand my own behavioir better . 
  it would be for my own good to get a professional diagnosis , but i just ca n't bring myself to talk to anyone about this irl . 
  i think my biggest trigger for depression is , as i mentioned , letting my mind wander . 
  that brings up thoughts that are pretty triggering . 
  i have n't noticed any triggers for mania , it seems to start slowly , and then completly blow up at some point , without any real trigger that i would have noticed . 
  really depends on what you are going to want to play . 
  i 'll personally buy loe juat because i want to play priest and entomb and excavated evil are a must have . 
  i have purify , but i only have one minion which would benefit from being silenced . 
  well . 
  i guess i 'll ditch priest for rogue . 
  i got some ideas feom another post juat got ta get a few legendaries first . 
  back to grinding dust and gold i guess . 
  in finnish , you are just it , unless you want to sound overly formal . 
  he went to get the paper for me . 
  becomes, 
  it went to get the paper for me . 
  or just have gender neutral ones . 
  yeah the first one is better , the other one changes too much . 
  renew type effect would be cool on a spell though . 
  it would pretty much be a single target healing totem effect . 
  the renew hero power would break healing interactions completely by triggering them twice . 
  i have been really interested in working as a flight attendeant at least for a while at some point . 
  seems super interesting , but i doubt i could do it . 
  what would you say are the hardest parts of the job and the most difficult requirements to meet ? 
  and having insane server issues overall . 
  not just back then . 
  is n't the samsung promotion possible through emulator ? 
  can we make terms and conditions have a mandatory tl ; dr ? 
  c'thun is n't as good as other decks . 
  mostly because it needs the entire deck to be built around it and it takes time to scale up . 
  aww , it seemed at first that i had close to all the card needed , but after counting , i 'm 1100 dust away . 
  missing :,
