  juat move your lips and kina sing but make no sound . 
  i got one in a living tree on a platform . 
  i wonder if i can bomb that . 
  that is very interesting to know that they take in to account win streaks . 
  do win streaks give more lp ? 
  then your food eats the shit, 
  oh finally someone brings up something else than protein . 
  haw haw !, 
  i am confused . 
  is there no pun or am i blind ? 
  i just want to leave more for you . 
  i 'm nice like that . 
  if you talk to them and they are interested then yes , you win . 
  you know what pisses me off ? 
  people saying : `` you look fine !, 
  you do n't need to lose weight . 
  `` to people who actually are little ( or not so little ) overweight . 
  talking from experience . 
  i can imagine how that could feel for the sister . 
  good thing i 'm only child, 
  yes . 
  banana power !, 
  it 's sad that you ca n't craft it into anything . 
  i fully explored one of those in expert mode . 
  they are no match to my waterbolt ( got it outside of dungeon ), 
  i want that in my world !, 
  also . 
  do n't use the royal gel . 
  really ? 
  or after his father 's sex change surgery . 
  happy , and alone, 
  and alone, 
  but do you need to swallow ? 
  just plain rice cake ? 
  i 'm fine with that , if i can add something . 
  blue ezreal is back !, 
  hase damage down by 3 . 
  where are they pulling these numbers ? 
  were they just like : `` you know what ? 
  we should take away 3 base ad from gp '', 
  what if i told you 3 months ago that zac would get 4 new skins ? 
  but 3 ? 
  yeah . 
  it 's justvinteresting when they decide to remove exactly 3 ad or 2 hp . 
  op has definetly masturbated on it . 
  you should teach your husband to like vegetables . 
  hel main here . 
  i use exclusevly the slolistice hel voice pack , because i ca n't stand the default . 
  i would love this change . 
  that was fun !, 
  also vp suggestion . 
  gold skins with vgs of a skin that you own . 
  hell is in space, 
  golden sivir . 
  15 years . 
  a long time . 
  but my opinions sometimes cause people to think i am worse than hitler . 
  just sitting here on the backseat of a car with my dog and browsing reddit on my phone . 
  pretty nice day . 
  i remembered agqin , why i do n't ever want kids . 
  where poor people are n't allowed to live . 
  socialism ftw . 
  but keep it mild . 
  then you have the best combination . 
  goth guy who loves marbles ? 
  hmmm ... you are definetly the op irl . 
  something about flowers . 
  i 'm not alone !, 
  real life joker . 
  you are assassin for hire . 
  for free . 
  you just like killing people, 
  that is year longer than my whole life . 
  i 'm slowly finding out that this sub reddit is place for me . 
  i 'm terrified waiting when fall comes and i need to go back to my socially acceptable closet . 
  it is exhausting to be someone else . 
  and make it build from brutalizer and pickaxe . 
  it could work , but champions such as talon would need to be nerfed . 
  seing you with a talon flair , would that make him horrible broken ? 
  that is the reason i have been using to say why essence reaver should n't be buffed . 
  mid lane kha'zix is cutting ahead with his ult . 
  it would have to have horrible stats . 
  but yes . 
  we do need ad mana regen item . 
  maybe from forbidden idol . 
  i think ad champions that need mana , would n't mind the cdr . 
  i say no to chalice , becuase ad champions already have their own mr item that gives tehm ad . 
  just give them ad mana regen item . 
  pew is kill . 
  they should just give refunds from champion reworks like this and sion 's . 
  refund the skin and the champion . 
  then you can decide if you want it or not ... 
  i do n't own this skin nor do i play gp , but i 'm still disapointed, 
  refunds to everything you own for that champion with updates like this . 
  then you can just buy them again if you think they are still worth it . 
  or there should just be series of pop ups : x champion was reworked . 
  do you want refund his/her x skin . 
  you will be refunded x rp . 
  also it should show what the skin looks like after the update . 
  unless this replaces dominion .
