  you know what actually makes you loose sensitivity ? 
  are you serious about weekly ? 
  take an average teen age boy and tell them that they can only whack it once a week and see what happens . 
  well i have my fan on 24/7 usually . 
  my room has so bad still air without it . 
  as a finn . 
  8 degrees ? 
  what is it spring already ? 
  too obivous if your door is locked . 
  this is so true . 
  it 's impossible to come to an agreement if you do n't know the views of the opposite side . 
  i wish i had a dad like this . 
  just continue watching the anime while you are sitting there `` watching '' tv, 
  it would be easier to just say : `` brb in 10 seconds '' than take time to write some funny excuse . 
  have fun , 
  i ahve every app with any sensitive information on my phone protected with different swipe pattern . 
  you should have gone inside for 3 more days / s, 
  wait here i got a link ... 
  edit : [ here !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8c9jevxmm0c ), 
  i 'll jsut leave your post at 69 , 
  i ahve totally forgotten that it is a thing in some games . 
  would think it comes from being without it for long . 
  but i do n't know . 
  read the comment i replied to . 
  if the child does n't think it 's a problem to come to dinner late , like 5 or 10 minutes , but the parent think they are doing it on purpose and not respecting them , but they are not saying it , because they think it 's obivous . 
  then there is a problem . 
  why does it suck ? 
  could someone explain . 
  i have heard of it , but never actually seen it played . 
  i think my dad does n't understand the concept of online , that tere are actually other people on the other side of the screen . 
  i have this theory of why he hates me doing what i actually want to do . 
  he is actually really smart , but i think his dad kinda forced him into similar life that he had lived . 
  and where it is a thing , i do n't use it, 
  spread the scent !, 
  i expect it being removed from morello , because with it , you can have the debuff on champion almost always . 
  just having it greatly decreases effectivity of champions based around sustain , and keeping them off the meta . 
  with morellonomicon being core for atleast 75 % of the mages , healing champions will never be strong in the meta again . 
  if they remove grievous wounds completly , they will nerf all sustain and healing . 
  reason most of those champions are not played is morellonomicon being core for 75 % of the mages . 
  sitsuational item like morellonomicon should not be core for so many champions . 
  imagine rylai 's being core for everyone , because it has better stats than other options . 
  that really is a bad utility . 
  this is my point . 
  grievous wounds 24/7 is really bad , because it completly destroys sustain based champions . 
  morellonomicon is reason why champions like oraka are n't considered strong or decent currently . 
  season 6 goal : item diversity ? 
  please no on hit grievous founds for adc . 
  soraka and sona will be trash tier . 
  smell it and find out !, 
  i defend until the end of july and then shut up . 
  i really like both . 
  kinda depends on what others are drinking , and if there is quality te available, 
  i have subscribers even tough i have no videos or never plan on posting any ... 
  the concept of time . 
  how long ago or how recently something happened . 
  and to sound super judgemental . 
  it ** is ** so simple . 
  would an actual mmr based ranking syatem work ? 
  i think that mmr based ranking system might be what we need . 
  and somehow base our rank from that . 
  someone smarter tell me if this is stupid idea . 
  or atleast one win away from promo . 
  this time it seems like they kinda care . 
  they are probably used to doing what they are told . 
  so to be a man you have to get someone pregnant accidentally and pay for it for good part of your life ? 
  `` in our society , freedom is only a dream '', 
  can i have some inside on this ? 
  why do they want to get rid of your pets and stuff you own ? 
  do they have some stupid reason , or are they just really stupid ? 
  i 'm not sure if i hate them . 
  define hate first . 
  i shorten this out for myself . 
  i hate 75 % of parents . 
  i qould say same for a dog or a cat . 
  they generally do n't trowh the food on the floor or towards your general direction . 
  sell monkeys to the zoo . 
  they pay well . 
  and what did we learn from this ? 
  do n't breed . 
  it turns you insane . 
  morello should be sistuational or not have grievous wounds . 
  self damage reduction is not utility . 
  well that is not the case here . 
  remove morellonomicon grievous wounds and nerf healing in some way . 
  i would be fine with an item that has active that aplies grievous wounds . 
  yeah if you know you have high mmr , you know you willget to the rank of that mmr eventually . 
  the quote i posted is by me . 
  remind me to deliver : `` needle noseless face . '', 
  there should be a report option called : `` not being sportsmanship like during the game '', 
  i 'm pretty sure that they do n't mind . 
  i 'm surprised no one tried to stop her . 
  there are no bad kids . 
  there are just horrible parents . 
  if some kid was running around and almost hitting people , i would go all you shall not pass !, 
  in front of that cart or whatever it is . 
  first get her and make her check . 
  teach her what she is suppose to do . 
  what if the precious runs over a little kid and gets them hospitalised . 
  then mommy runs away without the precious , because they are n't so precious anymore .
