  i just hope they do n't nerf her to the ground and then forget that she even exists again, 
  if chromas count then morgana . 
  default morgana with the black chroma is beautifull, 
  do n't get triggered . 
  this is n't tumblr, 
  then i fail to see how the system can be abused the way / u/drewiwasawa said, 
  rylai 's * rush * is a noob trap . 
  zyra absolutely needs the early magic pen and damage . 
  nothing wrong with rylai 's as an item , rushing it is just un-optimal, 
  story of my life for the last few weeks with zyra . 
  most of the time it 's just someone pointing out how op was wrong, 
  you are better than most jhin supports . 
  simple as that . 
  the system looks at your score and compares it to scores of other people playing the same champion in the same role in the same level, 
  champions owned by most people are a lot more common to see , since not everyone owns all champions . 
  there are n't champions that will instantly become op by not having bugs , because most of the bugs are n't consistent . 
  for those who that would affect the most : yasuo and azir, 
  what do you mean ? 
  custom skins ? 
  i 'm pretty sure they are allowed, 
  those scams that promise to give you free skins if you tell them your account information ? 
  those are scams . 
   yes let me just ignore this maokai with a ~ ~ fully stacked mejai 's ~ ~ ** full tank build ** who is dealing more damage than the rest of their team combined and run straight into their team to kill their 0/5 caitlyn, 
  my biggest question is : why do you get champion mastery from the rotating game modes ? 
  how is you being able to spam your abilities in urf indicate your skill with the champion ? 
  bjergsen has more team than wards, 
  it 's often used specificly when talking about male same sex couples . 
  meaning of words change depending on how they are used . 
  and it 's also easier to draw characters into the same place and statue than it is to do so irl, 
  ** make all poppys great again !, 
  they work but they are really niche picks . 
  cersei was n't blonde enough for him, 
  war is expensive . 
  lannisters are rich , but for how long ? 
  for a long time atleast, 
  only by 1 % though . 
  that 's all a mei is worth anyways, 
  do we actually know yet though ? 
  ultimate plot twist twist . 
  i absolutely love zarya 's desing , i just ca n't play her . 
  like at all . 
  do n't know for dota , but lol has pretty efficient ping system , you do n't have to type a single word the entire game if you ca n't / do n't want to, 
  that 's pretty generalising . 
  * everyone * who is 15 or under is un-cooperative and immature piece of shit . 
  i would imagine that most people find winning rewarding . 
  i for one do . 
  i do n't rage at people , but i can see how my comments can make me seem like a dick , but it 's just me wanting to win . 
  i do n't think there is room to complain about people being competitive , when the competitive mode is n't out yet . 
  after that , if people are try harding in quick-play , then there is a problem, 
  when you are missing 10 % ult charge ; _ ;, 
  so overwatch confirms that uk wo n't break up, 
   when someone says they main something in overwatch, 
  it does n't charge unless you are actually healing someone , not when they are alraedy full, 
  i 'm pretty sure ult charging is just disabled before the round starts . 
  junkat , soldier : 76 etc can damage themselfs, 
  damage boost someone , unless it 's just you and reindharth, 
  damage boost someone , unless it 's just you and reindharth, 
  zenyatta is the best sniper, 
  zenyatta is even better . 
  he has no damage fall off and he does n't have to stop healing to deal damage . 
  there 's a murder . 
  let 's throw some bread crumps !, 
  yeah i feel like zarya , along with d.va are n't really tanks , they do a lot better when they have a `` true '' tank with them, 
  but you wo n't get the same level of dps with his rightclick as you can get with his left click . 
  perhaps his righ click could grant him movementspeed buff while charging . 
  one fix that was suggested was that for a short time after he dies , he can use his ult to rez himself . 
  though that does n't help much . 
  zen usually is n't the one sneaking up to people . 
  zarya does n't have mobility either , but she has her shields and her hp . 
  perhaps they could give zen a shield . 
  perhaps on his right click, 
  i do n't think that works . 
  pronouncing `` oe '' does n't sound like '' \u00f6 '' atleast not the swedish pronounciation of the letter , and torbj\u00f6rn is swedish, 
  in swedish and finnish and most likely norwegien and danish '' \u00f6 '' ca n't really be replaced by any combination of letters . 
  roadhog hook, 
  mercy can into the killfeed, 
  i just checked and i have layed neither winston or reaper outside of weekly brawls, 
  would need to play winston for atleast a secod in quickplay , because i have both him and reaper at 0, 
  you can actually cancel the harmony and discord animations somewhat with a left click, 
  it 's considered a dick move to not atleast try to fill the necessary role, 
  the word of it is spreading like wildfire, 
  the moment we come out of the closet , we stop ageing, 
  lots of important characters missing and there are some mostly irrelevant characters . 
  dany 's mother . 
  was she really that important ? 
  nothing is stopping you from doing so . 
  it 's still considered a dick move by a lot of people . 
  what time zone ? 
  they would just need to add dynamicq for 3v3 ranked and the popularity would rise, 
  small community , different map . 
  dominion . 
  should n't asian countries be tiny then ? 
  china is huge, 
  estonia ca n't into cold . 
  cold is nordic, 
  not is . 
  dirty southener \u00e4re yuu . 
  not nordic enough, 
  not are . 
  are in sweden .
