  / u/trollabot paperiolento, 
  i 'm confused about being worse than hitler . 
  maybe they are not color blind ? 
  therefor they dou n't know that it was hard to see for a color blind person . 
  living in *, 
  inb4 ban/pick all his champions . 
  huni picks skarner and carries anyways . 
  only way to beat huni is by not killing him , but then he kills you . 
  i lied . 
  there is no way to beat huni, 
  ok i will go and buy a gun , officer . 
  i was kinda expecting that one short comic with harry and ginny . 
  they have breadlaces . 
  i didi n't want to see porn . 
  why did i click that ? 
  can i ask why the marksman ? 
  i mean that there was a comic about harry making it sound like ginny was giving him a bj when she was actually just putting on his sock , because ron was behind the door . 
  i 'm dominion noob , but i really enjoy mundo in this gamemode . 
  you can be both . 
  is it just me , or did they seriously fuck up with the whole sea/garena thing ? 
  to my knowledge garena is publisher of league of legends in sea . 
  can someone give me some inside on why riot sold the rights to league of legends on sea , to garena ? 
  for me atleast , spanish people are n't the problem . 
  they might talk about something in spanish , but if they have something to actually say to the rest of us , they usually say it in english . 
  this is also the case with french . 
  never encountered russians on euw . 
  few on my adventures on eune, 
  only problem is that it 's named wrong . 
  it should just be eu east . 
  most people from nordic countries just play on euw , because why would we play on eune ? 
  it offers nothing for us . 
  the servers are in the same place and eune does n't have any nordic languages ( not that anyone want those , since games , movies etc. 
  that are translated to our native languages , are considered somewhat childish ), 
  this is not what this post is about . 
  check the pictures, 
  i actualy touht they removed mute option completly because of this . 
  good thing i had a smart team mate , 
  the things is that when someone dcs you only see their name . 
  i want to know who was the dc, 
  same with dc, 
  and why not let us see total gold of both teams ? 
  would that somehow break the game ? 
  i want to see the little butt ; _ ;, 
  do n't have time to find skin spotlight right now . 
  rugged garen, 
  rengar for furries . 
  also you forgot pantheon, 
  chech out cutpurse twisted fate, 
  tpa ezreal is the thing for me . 
  also lee sin, 
  3:07 all three < 3, 
  yeah , kinda . 
  what about yasuo ? 
  it 's the wrong kind of porn , 
  i knew what wa coming and i still clicked it . 
  curiosity killed the cat . 
  grapling hook maybe . 
  then if you get full molten armor set , go to the dungeon and see if you can find water bolt outside . 
  if you find it , go kill wof with it . 
  oh yeah , i forgot about them . 
  not in my knowledge . 
  but defeating skeletron and go to the dungeon and get the cobalt shield will be usefull in hardmode , so there is that . 
  even qr would be really hard to amke offline . 
  then get a qr code tag that leads to instructions on how to use meshtags and place it next to it . 
  that 's awesome , 
  good for you . 
  same way qr codes make sure that one code ca n't be take you to 2 different places . 
  more left overs wich you can masturbate into . 
  his favorite subreddit seems to be r/picsofdeadkids, 
  i have seen surveys assuming that i own a car or i 'm planning on getting one . 
  finland : rain . 
  more rain . 
  and some more rain . 
  `` why are you on a business trip in finalnd ? '', 
  do it . 
  i dare you to . 
  you have no idea !, 
  [ here . 
  have an educational comic ] ( http://i.imgur.com/qfm6sce.png ), 
  yeah , you 'll be fine with english most of the time ( it really depends on wich part of the country you are moving . 
  if it 's near the capital you should n't have any problems ) . 
  i would n't recomend trying to learn finnish to anyone who does n't already speak it . 
  i literally know no one in my school who likes finnish as a school subject , because it 's mostly useless theory of how finnish sentences are formed . 
  i think lots of people who live in finland would n't move here if they were living somewhere else . 
  people who grew up here are use to the downsides of living in finland . 
  and i would n't say everyone here has some kinda of depression , but instead they jsut seem like it , because that is the culture here . 
  if you do n't know someone , you do n't talk to them unless you have something to say to them , but i kinda think that is slowly fading away ( very slowly but still ), 
  as of now , finland is pretty racist country . 
  not really towards blacks , but people from east europe , because they are often seens as beggars and bums . 
  with that said , the biggest problem are the people , but we jsut need to hope that it changes when new generation rises and the old one dies off . 
  and also , scandinavian people do n't like to bring religion up so much and prefer to keep it to themselfs, 
  100 degrees celsius is the boiling point of water . 
  humans are 60 % water . 
  good thing there are more people like me . 
  during summer my body does n't know how to sleep since the nights are so short . 
  north of the polar circle the sun does n't rise for few months . 
  and the southern parts only get little sunlight . 
  and that is why nordic countries drink so much coffee . 
  it 's jsut that nordics are use to it . 
  we like it .
