  but most likely not enough to stay competitive . 
  they also need to have atleast some kind of military ti stay in nato, 
  and he had a good run . 
  do n't know about greece specially , but in some countries you might go to jail . 
  til, 
  but finland is not in nato atleast not yet . 
  there 's always possibility for them to go nuts , but i would n't say that it 's very likely . 
  finland is in a weird sitsuation where we want to have good relations to russia so we can trade with them , but then again we want to globalize and work with us and western europe . 
  joining nato would definetly freeze our relations to russia , which would be bad for us . 
  if finland didi n't have mandatory militar service , our military would be laughably small . 
  i think he was little bit confused aswell and didi n't know how to react . 
  even if you are n't greek , but you have relatives who are , you still get drafted . 
  or maybe they consider them women and exclude them . 
  i like to think they are nice and do n't want to be dicks rubbing it in everyone 's face . 
  that 's a good assumption, 
  * on * the countertop, 
  exactly what he said . 
  everyone compares medusa to cass , nut if you want an adc similar to her playstyle , lucian is closest . 
  ekko is as close as it gets to ao kuang, 
  and stay behind your minions !, 
  i miss old braindead soraka . 
  my q spamming little healbot, 
  it 's been so long . _ . 
  once had 3 ai civs declate war on me literally one after another . 
  the map was pretty weird so two of them . 
  could only attack me trough one tile wide land bridge . 
  literally just blocked them with one unit killing their units one by one while i slaughtered japan with germany , who i had been in war with few turns before . 
  he offered friendship imidietly after giving me bunch of stuff for peace treaty . 
  incas dod the same thing after they realised that it was impossible for them to attack . 
  arabs didi n't want peace even tough they never actually attacked any of my troops . 
  ai is pretty dumb, 
  problems in this :, 
  video is private , no one expect the uploader can watch it, 
  turning in lol is instant . 
  only thing i could see happening due to kog ` maw 's high attack speed is him looking really weird visually , if you can kite with him , and still deal the maximum ammount of damage . 
  i would need to see the bug in action to give you a better answer , but see problem a. 
  why do you want to ? 
  it 's always better to smite the big one . 
  even if you are invading someone at their krugs ( why would you be doing this anyways ? ), 
  and they have already killed the big one , you should n't waste smite to steal it . 
  maybe riot is smart , and made it so you ca n't smite the small krug when you are level one , or when it 's not past a certain time . 
  but it 's probably really wishfull thinking that would be so smart to think of a small thing like that . 
  if you are premade with two players in total , you have to have three unique roles covered ( so you ca n't have one going top/mid and the other person going mid/top ) and with 3 players you need 4 and so on . 
  this would n't make it easier for premades , it would just make things more clear , since if you wanted to switch roles with someone , you could do it easily . 
  you can already switch roles if both parties agree on the switch , but you just wo n't `` officially '' have the role in eyes of riot . 
  implementing this would make banning trolls who choose fill , and when they get support say `` i wo n't play support , i 'm mid '' , much easier . 
  well , i can kinda understand the recalling one , but it does n't take so long to kill the small one . 
  if you get a good leash or forget to smite , just save it for red buff heal or razpr sharp raptor buff, 
  has already been suggested , but suprisingly not added to the riotpls wiki yet . 
  the dumbass 12 year olds make as much sense as saying people from specific country are all douchebags . 
  you only see the worst , who ruin it for everyone else in that group of people . 
  if being below certain age didi n't have such a bad rebutation on the internet , i think people would n't lie in survey 's so much . 
  that 's * a lot * of corki games, 
  well warlord 's is now really bad on adcs , since you wo n't usually be low enough hp to make use of it . 
  you kicked an enemy ap shaco to his clone and he got a quadra . 
  i feel like something is missing here . 
  edit : why am i being downvoted ? 
  fervor on her is insane . 
  people in soloq do n't expect all in from her at level 2 with q , e and bunch of autos . 
  you will have full fervor stacks really quickly . 
  if you have ignite , it 's pretty easy first blood . 
  teemo is also a common pick for trolls , who end up leaving later on into to the game . 
  they are most likely going for fast triple w stacks and detonate with q or e, 
  it got one shotted . 
  i believe it might be roa being pretty cost efficient . 
  i do n't know how he can succeed tough , since if high elo players are copying pro play , there is alot of triple and double adc , and therefor more qss, 
  morgana is also a decent counter to malzahar . 
  he is slow so it 's easy to land your q on him , you wave clear faster usually , since most malzahar players just use e for waveclear to save mana . 
  you have cc shield to block his silence , if you ca n't dodge it , his ult , if you get him to use it at a bad time , and his free poke from his e. 
  i have to say that silver 1 feels pretty nice . 
  i do n't get alot of flamers or toxic people . 
  people are just dreaming of that gold v which is just out of their reach . 
  now it actually makes sense . 
  thanks !, 
  lux is decent atleast . 
  karma definetly can . 
  she is much stronger as a top or mid laner than a support actually ( lots of karma mains i have asked from have given me this answer ), 
  morgana not so much, 
   lich bane, 
  ftfy, 
  trans people say that it 's wrong body . 
  does their body not match their brain , orbrain not match their body ? 
  or both ? 
  nope, 
  yes . 
  speaking of stupid trades , the incas once wanted me to give them every single luxury resource i had , horses , iron , oil , gpt * and * one of my cities in exchange of peace . 
  i destroyed them afterwards . 
  do you have a picture of this ? 
  how far away was that ? 
  facebook literally just covered the whole oage , refusing to show it to me , unless i log in . 
  which often happens to be the/a tank, 
  i do love sniping people with swords, 
  the items are more like artifacts which grant you their power . 
  probably magical kamas . 
  i do wonder tough , why does caitlyn have a magical net . 
  riot said they do n't want to enforce the meta , but that aparently was not true . 
  his q in cannon mode kinda makes more sense , since it 's electricity , created by his hammer cannon device thingy . 
  no magic involved . 
  the true mystery is caitlyn having a magical net, 
  had she not heard of seeker 's ?
