  creating the masterrace of humans , by breeding the vest with each other and if needed , eliminating others . 
  i would die in this case , but human masterrace would be cool . 
  let 's create the masterrace, 
  it depends . 
  was it possessed by a demon, 
  but we will have have had done . 
  would n't the better order be this : ap rengar jumps in with orianna ball , ori ult , malphite ult into yasuo ult . 
  some people ca n't take a joke , ca n't they . 
  i came up with a kit for him :, 
   passive : with succesfull basic attacks , acat stores ink . 
  he gains double ammount from hittings gods . 
  the ink passively increases his attack speed ( not really sure about what it should increase thematicly ) . 
  ink is also consumed by his abilities . 
   ability 1 : acat splashes ink forward in a line dealing damage to all units hit and slowing enemy gods . 
  the slow scales from the ammount of ink acat has while casting . 
  ( if needed , this could be changed to a root with maximum ink ), 
   ability 2 : acat consumes all of his stored ink to tattoo one of his allies , increasing their attack speed and causing their basic attcks to deal bonus magic damage , scaling from the ammount of ink consumed and his magical power . 
  can be self casted , but with reduced bonus damage . 
   ability 3 : ( could n't come up with this one , but i ` dd like it to be aoe , that restores ink and some hp ), 
   ultimate : acat marks an enemy god with a tattoo , revealing them and increasing damage done to that enemy . 
  if maximum ammount of ink is consumed the enemy is also stunned . 
  i have doomed myself out of jump parties . 
  my space key is my ult . 
  but most of the time you wo n't win a straight up 4vs5 fight , so this is a good rule for lower level players to follow . 
  on which side her parents are ? 
  are they defending the rapist aswell ? 
  i want to kill her . 
  just straight up kill her . 
  no explaning what she did wrong , but just end her life . 
  do n't kill him , or he will become a martyr, 
  my sift is for ability 1 . 
  i have been meaning to set jump on my extra mouse button but too lazy . 
  i know . 
  runes , masteries , leveling , champions ... 
  i went back to read it in his voice , even tough i have n't actually heard his voice . 
  i came here today and i could imidietly tell , that they had fucked something up . 
  then i saw 60 $ pre-order when they promise release in 6 months . 
  and d'va . 
  `` i ` dd like to buy this thing '', 
  `` ok . you can have that thing , but we put something useless with it and charge you for extra '', 
  `` no i want only this thing '', 
  `` go ahead and find it then '', 
  but that way he can change his mind , if they do something . 
  i do n't mind the price either . 
  but what i do mind , is the way they present it . 
  the way they advertise it makes it seem like you unlock the heros , and maps by pre-ordering . 
  might seem like a small problem , but i would totally buy it , if it made any sense at the moment . 
  someone from estonia needs to sell me one of their 15 overwatches . 
  if that 's going to be a problem , they could say that zarya is lesbian , but they would still get mad , because it 's too stereotypical . 
  then there s d'va , pro gamer , riding a pink robot . 
  well , maybe masteries were a bad example . 
  but you can buy rune pages , a nd there is no one who has enough ip to buy all rune pages with it . 
   it is only printed for your team . 
  op said in other comment, 
  [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/tf2/comments/3ryi48/juicy_finds_about_matchmaking_and_its_servers/cwsqjne ), 
  why would he need to ? 
  how about just make the game p2p , just like they are going to and make heros free . 
  explain the logic . 
  oh wait , you ca n't , because there is n't one . 
  thank you for this post without any real content . 
  what is his crouch animation like ? 
  does he just float lower ? 
  the dirt we have is not man dirt . 
  the dirt we have is not man dirt . 
  / r/ofcoursethatsathing, 
  supports please !, 
  then we can maybe get a taric update . 
  d is for deleport and dexhaust, 
  and this is the reason i love being in small betas, 
  yeah , and since he is there , they could do his update with some others aswell . 
  brand support is honestly really strong . 
  brand in general is . 
  i think we 'll get weapon skins of somekind atleast . 
  also he scales greatly from magic pen , which is pretty cheap to get, 
  pretty much the way tracer has it . 
  builds into dfg or force of nature . 
  and adc , freeze and crits ... 
  freeze is ashe confirmed . 
  and can you climb up during preseason . 
  just curios , if i could see where i 'll end up . 
  ok , good . 
  i mainly want to know if i even can make it to gold with my current skills, 
  why ca n't people just get 2 seats if they need more than 1 ? 
  jesus is like inteligence . 
  neither lives in all of us . 
  they should wait afew days and send out another wave . 
  one invite to make up for people who did not play the game . 
  also , why did your froends sign up for beta ? 
  assassins are back . 
  i would be happy with 4 win ip boost / s, 
  `` none of your business . 
  ca n't i even have my toughts for myself only ? '', 
  because i have nothing constructive to say at the moment , and i have learned to keep my mouth shut when i do n't need to have it open . 
  when i was a kid , i tought that people who are colorblind ca n't see anything that is in color . 
  they can only see things that are black and white . 
  i was worried that they would walk into walls , if they were colored . 
  in finnish gay = homo and straight = hetero . 
  `` are you a word that begins with h and end to o ? '', 
  either way you will be gay . 
  might aswell go up to a straight couple and ask : `` so who is on top when you have sex ? '',
