  if i was a hairdresser , i would do this . 
  that 's pretty recent thing . 
  kha will get nerfed again , once alex plays him again ;p, 
  what do you think you as a team will bring to the lcs ? 
  or just buy them yourself and stop begging ? 
  depends on wich medigun i use : ubersaw for stock and maybe kritz , amputator for others . 
  plus it 's really fun to have lots of contracts to do , and not need to wait . 
  then there are those annoying elitist with f2p tag on their name top scoring . 
  if you are f2p , fine , but do n't use it to seem better than others . 
  for spy , anything expect spycicle . 
  everything else is sitsuationally usefull . 
  yer only for spies who are good with it tough . 
  spy with familiar fez , merc 's muffler and stealthy scarf, 
  that only happens at the end of the round , when spy is taunting on top of pile of bodies . 
  `` why do i even keep this stuff . 
  for spies . '', 
  they should give it something releted to cloack . 
  faster decloack maybe ? 
  pro-birth , anti-life of the mother . 
  are seriously mentally ill allowed to be in his position ? 
  are seriously mentally ill people allowed to be in his position according to law ? 
  if it 's allowed , i 'm scared of life . 
  i have never smoked a whole cigarette . 
  posted my picture online anywhere . 
  what 's the thing on your character 's neck ? 
  they are just walls , so no need to use actuators . 
  different wall materials . 
  mix them up . 
  maybe some hay , boreal wood and palm wood . 
  depends . 
  do you want to contain surface or underground aswell ? 
  yes . 
  melee is over powered , because superior defense compared to anything else and ranged rapid firing projectiles that cost no mana or ammo . 
  what kinda purpose do you need it ? 
  there will always be sound when enemy dies or get 's hit . 
  then it 's better to dig all to way to the underworld and when you have killed the mechanical bosses , you can buy the clementinator to get rid of corruption outside of the contained area . 
  i recomend at least trying to contain the jungle , so it does n't get corrupted . 
  i didi n't know it was visible . 
  thanks . 
  i 'm not a spy . 
  please uber me . 
  why would you want to trade them ? 
  they are not rare ... 
  do reskinned knifes ? 
  most people in hightower just want to have fun . 
  if you want to play the objective , find another map . 
  if you do n't have 5 to 10 minutes to read the patch notes , i 'm worried about you . 
  i have a question about unusuals . 
  is there a site where i can check what their price is around ? 
  this . 
  people say that bunny hopping does n't work anymore for some reason , but if you do it right you can gain little bit more speed . 
  depends . 
  if demoknight does n't get a kill with charge , he is usually dead . 
  i do n't consider them worth of selling for only a gain of 2 cents . 
  i 'd rather trade them for someone for a scrap or two . 
  and i 'm just sitting here and playing on stockholm servers with 10 ping, 
  bunny hopping , sticky spamming quickiebomb launcher only demoman, 
  could n't remember you could use it with other classes than soldier . 
  learn the maps . 
  knowing where the enemy is most likely to come will help you to surprise them by going different route . 
  learn what different classes can do . 
  this helps you to decide weather or not you should fight or run . 
  no , it 's saying that you will get shot by a sniper riffle if you miss the toilet . 
  probably just a bug . 
  get over it . 
  that is pretty much what they do . 
  aparently they have been brainwashed by tobacco company propacanda, 
  they do n't want people getting addicted probably . . 
  / r/tomorrowworldproblems ? 
  that is just stupid . 
  in fnland we already have vegetarian option everyday ( atleast in my city ), 
  in countries where school food is free , bringing your own food is not a thing . 
  such repost . 
  aaand it 's over after 5 minutes . 
  no casualtees . 
  nk soldiers took their chanche and ran away, 
  maybe other regions will have chanche at worlds this year , thanks to nort korea / s, 
  mostly north korean soldiers tough . 
  and that makes it even more sad . 
  kinda releted : at some point ( i 'm not sure when exactly ) bard 's q out damages morgana 's e . that way you can that way when you q a target that has the black shield , the first part will remove the shield and if it hits soemthing after that , they will get stunned . 
  russian orange servers are everywhere . 
  dumb question : how do you get achievement progress visible ? 
  that 's the reason battle medic mains exist . 
  eye lander master race, 
  loose cannon, 
  ok i 'll give it that it 's hard to get the double donks consistently , but if you learn to do it , this weapon becomes a beast . 
  quickiebomb launcher, 
  basicly the sticky spammers best friend . 
  i like to use this with boots and jsut spam stickies under people . 
  i 'm pretty sure that good aimbot level sniping is the skill ceiling . 
  then you ca n't improve anymore , because you always get kicked for aimbotting . 
  i main scout , demo and spy and i think sniper is op . 
  might be because i 'm jealous of them being so good at the class that i completly suck as . 
  to win , soldier should rocket jump away and use his shotgun . 
  the knife problem is already solved : on the sleeve or where the robot head is in the mvm reward knifes . 
  they could put it on the wrist of the gunslinger . 
  the hardest ones would be heavy 's melee weapons , jarate and milk . 
  play on powerhouse and you 'll be fine, 
  powerhouse is without argument the best official demoknight map at the moment when using the tide turner . 
  you can charge up all the stairs and catch people off guard easily .
