  the wonders of memes are truly dank, 
  would be so much easier if english had gender neutral pronouns . 
  your meme does not check out, 
  but what ? 
  my sex ed about homosexuality : it exists, 
  i miss the snap, 
  `` haw haw i 'm smarter than you ! '', 
  the meaning of both are basicly the same , the latter just sounds better . 
  let 's be real , we would if we could, 
  let 's just box the us in entirely . 
  and add padded walls , he is a danger to himself . 
  you ruined it, 
  like way up there . 
  way too easy, 
  more motivation to starve myself . 
  you could just stay in bed snd starve because you are too depressed to get up . 
  that 's what i do at least, 
  yes . 
  this really was n't a bad case of clickbait, 
  not saying that this was n't a clickbait , just not especially bad one , when compared to some in this sub . 
  but aparently that 's downvotable offense, 
  yeah , i have either made a freaking masterpiece of a comment , or i accidentally said that stalin did nothing wrong . 
  i have bunch of comments with low to medium ammount of karma . 
  rarely anything ground breakingly sky rocketting, 
  [ here ] ( https://twitter.com/paperiolento/status/761900572786188289?s=09 ) is my dog ( sry for twittet link , ca n't be bothered to imgur the pic on mobile ) , her name is ella . 
  she thinks that she 's a royal of some sort , * usually * showing grace and elegans , sitting proudly on her throne , the armchair . 
  if someone else dares to sit on it , she 'll show her dominance by jumping on their lap , and attempting to climb as high as she possibly can . 
  edit : oh wait i was suppose to tell you only one fact : she loves people , but is scared to death by other animals . 
  i spent too much time doing a lot of things . 
  i used to play * way * too much video games , enough to say it was an addiction . 
  i decided to kick them from my life . 
  i uninstalled all my games and basicly removed everything related to video games . 
  then i was lost , because i had basicly deleted my whole life , probably unsubbed from atleast 80 % of the youtube channels i had followed . 
  it was new for me to not have anything new in my youtube sub box , so i went to the recommended tab . 
  this is getting too long so i 'll tl dr, 
  ** tl ; dr ** i quit video games and everything related to them , including youtube channels i followed , found dan and phil , because i had nothing else to watch , now i spend all my time watching their videos, 
  that was a long tl ; dr, 
  [ here ] ( https://imgur.com/gallery/j7ovo ) is my dog . 
  she 's cute, 
  can relate, 
  yeah i really think i do . 
  i need more serious friend , not just ones that tell bad jokes and shitty memes, 
  it 's really just easier to cut them out entirely . 
  so much easier to focus on other stuff, 
  i 'm getting a feeling that i have gotten many times before ; creative frustration . 
  i would at least like to say , i do n't know how true it actually is , that i 'm a creative person . 
  my problem is me not having any way of expressing that said creativity , which is really frustrating . 
  most of it is probably caused by me being a perfectionist , but not having any patience , therefor giving up on everything i do n't succeed at . 
  that makes me wonder how have i ever gotten anything done in life ? 
  i have no idea . 
  i 'm getting off-topic . 
  i really want to do something eight now , but i 'm discouraged by my own brain saying to me that i 'm gon na be terrible at it . 
  i should practice playing the guitar !, 
  brain : do n't , you 'll suck . 
  maybe i should draw then ... 
  brain : the people you draw are horribly disfigured and have smashed potatoes for faces , why even bother ? 
  i guess i 'll write something creative . 
  i 'm good at that , right ? 
  brain : are you kidding me ? 
  you start a story , write it , but then you do n't know where to stop , so the story just keeps going and going until it becomes stale and boring and nobody cares anymore , kinda like this comment . 
  it 's a waste of time . 
  good for you getting started . 
  my brain would never allow me to do that , because my brain is an overly negative jerk . 
  yeah , i wished to freeze to death , not be boiled alive . 
  both . 
  son is taking after his father . 
  i would assume one god day is how long it takes god to rotate around his axis, 
  where can i have albert einstein teach me english ? 
  i have yet to see a single jigglypuff, 
  yeah like how am i ever going to get a pokemon even close tothe level of the ones in those gyms ? 
  the xp should scale from the catch rate of the pokemon, 
  what 's up with zubat hate ? 
  weedless and caterpies are the worst . 
  time to catch 10 million caterpies, 
  jynx is my nemesis in that department . 
  literally wasted over 20 balls on one , because i could n't hit it and it got out few times, 
  the problem is that there is pretty much nothing, 
  this game is n't suppose to be a realistic reflection of life . 
  it 's a fact that it 's just not fun to play outside of cities due to the lack of content, 
  also , in alphabetical order , files will always be in order from oldest to newest if named by yyyymmddhhmm, 
  non-native english speaker here ,10 th of september sounds better and seems more right . 
  that 's dumb . 
  just change the expression and start using two letters more . 
  or you could even shorten it to say : 9th of 10th . 
  simple and easy to understand . 
  hey . 
  i figured out a way to state the date more efficiently than either of those : 9th of 10th, 
  now you 'll save two seconds . 
  that just seems confusing, 
  us is the special kid in the class , who no one wants to sit with , but they have to because their teacher told them to be nice to him , even though he is different, 
  alphabetical order is more common though, 
  or perhaps dick protecting instincts ? 
  i have never even seen a fire type . 
  not even with pokevision looking at the city center . 
  around my house i mostly find standard trash : pidgeys , caterpies and weedles . 
  but there also seems to be a weird female nidoran spawn around my street . 
  why does my house attract poison rabbits , i have no idea . 
  i only find the occasional 10 cp horsea, 
  i actually go to the city center at least once a day to switch busses while coming home from school , but since that 's after school , both my and my phone 's batteries are pretty much dead . 
  not worth the reward though .
