  though i 'm required to hate them in some level since i 'm finnish . 
  follow the blogs that you find inteligent . 
  you do n't sub to subreddits that you do n't like either . 
  like in every country , there are different kinds of people . 
  only problem i had was that it fucked up my wifi connection . 
  connection was literal shit , but when i hooked up to a wire , it started working perfectly . 
  i have found pizza places without anchovies . 
  / r/europe andr/wordnews atleast have pretty much accepted that there need to be stricter immigration policies . 
  also i 'll assume that lot of / r / [ insert europian country name here ] subreddits have chosen that opinion . 
  actually both would work . 
  does n't make it look worse , but not better either . 
  your ** freedom !, 
  i agree . 
  i do n't get people who do n't get that an unnecessery mutilation was performed on their genitals without their consent . 
  i do n't care if you like it that way . 
  not only you most likely do n't have anything to compare to , but you do n't care that their rights have been violated . 
  i do n't want to argue against you , but i ca n't help it . 
  i must ask , why ? 
  i 'm pretty sure that number is currently going down . 
  tell me about them . 
  i 'll continue not arguing and just state , that it 's just as easy to clean uncut penis , since most people have acces to shower . 
  also the foreskin protects the penis . 
  just my 2 cents . 
  i like that subreddit . 
  i like to think someone slips a real story in there sometimes . 
  from rubbing against your pants for example, 
  i assume that is not like story books but sxhool text books or something like that . 
  maybe twitter would have been a better example . 
  link that does n't lead to link ? 
  it 's probably because we are use to our voice in the way we hear it , and when we hear it recorded , it sounds alien to us . 
  same with photos . 
  you are most likely use to seeing yourself in the mirror , and ( hopefully ) think that you look fine . 
  then someone takes a picture of you and it looks like crap . 
  that 's because you are use to watching a mirrored image of yourself . 
  try mirroring a picture of yourself and see if you like that better . 
  finns definetly know english , atleast the younger generations . 
  very well actually . 
  most are probably just too shy to use it tough . 
  most people here actually can speak three languages , since swedish is taught at schools by default . 
  i 'm probably just way too offended about this . 
  that 's the thing . 
  older generations have n't had to use english actively . 
  you really ca n't blame them for that . 
  also , can i ask where exactly ? 
  is n't it mostly that the french do n't want to speak english , rather than that they do n't know how to ? 
  knowing only one language means that it must be english in the modern world . 
  you wo n't manage without english . 
  what alchohol does to people, 
  i 'm pretty sure the ` active ' part reduced it quite a lot . 
  maybe it 's like `` currently commiting a murder '', 
  it 's a valve server . 
  he is in no way required to play smg sniper , if he does n't want to . 
  i just learned how much i need this . 
  they are bots - . -, 
  unique players killed only ? 
  what would be a reasonable downside ? 
  some say its indonesian , but i would n't know, 
  you are not funny, 
  that makes as much sense as lol having east and west european servers both in the same place . 
  yes , but normals do n't have rankings . 
  just mmr , which is entirely different than your rank or your ranked mmr, 
  this was shown well on lol at the start of this year . 
  they released new matchmaking thingy and it broke imidietly , because they didi n't bother testing it on the biggest server , to see if it would crash and burn . 
  is the adjective `` gay '' a negative impression ? 
  would have personally gone for : `` just to get something to swallow '', 
  annie not played in pro scene ? 
  annie support anyone ? 
  lux is only now becoming meta , even tough she has always been strong enough to be played in lcs, 
  i do n't think it would be that hard to perhaps make it to be swiftness boots instead of thornmail . 
  but it would n't be that hard to switch the item to something ashe would actually build . 
  like boots . 
  yes , it tells you to build thornmail on ashe . 
  who do you think would be a better option ? 
  i personally think sivir , even tough she has really short range , she is pretty straight forward , way simpler than ashe in my opinion . 
  jungling guide should be atleast a webpage that tells you that you need smite and a jungle item , and general jungle routes . 
  i personally think that sivir would be better . 
  even tough she has a short range , she is still pretty simply mechanicly , unlike caitlyn . 
  and at low levels , her short range is n't such a big deal since people do n't know to abuse it . 
  north korea is bombing us with balloons filled with cigarette butts ! '', 
  but sivir would be just for their second ever game . 
  i 'm pretty swure that caitlyn would be too complicated for someone who only has played the howling abyss tutorial . 
  too many skillshots on both varus and ezreal . 
  do you want to have players playing varus or ezreal in their first summoner 's rift game ever ? 
  how often do new players unbox crates ? 
  and get an unusual ? 
  or the votemenu . 
  oh god the votemenu . 
  i deleted mine ... 
  i dleted mine when i was dumb f2p who needed more backpack space . 
  that still dies n't go over the cap . 
  even with 32 player server , all players combined will have under 200 entities . 
  weapons counted . 
  http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=240387105&amp;searchtext= i want this . 
  spy with the escapist , the brotherhood of arms and graybanns, 
  and my screen name is : paperilennokki, 
  that 's just paper airplane in finnish , if you are curious , 
  new players unbox all the time ? 
  oh yeah , i completly forgot about her . 
  not really ... 
  yeah .
