  it 's hard to compare the incoms of hi-rez and riot . 
  smite has way less players and hi-rez is n't a one game wonder company, 
  you like tentacles and chimes, 
  you are a season 3 jungler, 
  you * really * like your lockdown abilities, 
  wannabe playmaker, 
  you * seriously * love cc, 
  typical adc main, 
  typical adc main, 
  you spin me right round , baby right round like a record baby right round, 
  you * really * like on-hit effects, 
  the special kid in the class, 
  cc addict . 
  you are your own worst nightmare, 
  you are the person everyone hates facing bot lane , because you play the most annoying shit, 
  old school, 
  `` you are not killing this adc today '', 
  `` what 's ` meta ' ? '', 
  you are a vayne main . 
  that 's enough of an insult, 
  being a good adc in smite really feels way more rewarding than being a good adc in league . 
  i have seen and heard the term adc being used in smite . 
  there 's one thing we can agree upon : we hate the red team . 
  without the freezes i would now have 8 drowzees , but instead i have 4, 
  can i just say that the colour plette of the wood , the tiles and the cabinets is absolutely beautiful, 
  look at the middle white tile that 's closest to you . 
  left is the origina\u00f6, 
  riot has actually done a lot of good reworks , ashe , zyra , taric , fiora , poppy caitlyn and more people just seem to forget about the good ones, 
  her character page is up now, 
  i bet . 
  there is a `` young '' skin for every original overwatch member, 
  if ana can wall climb , i have even more respect for her . 
  she 's 60 years old , and already a totall badass , even without wall climb, 
  and zen can just set it and forget it . 
  i really ca n't wait for her voice lines . 
  i bet she 'll have some queen of thorns level sas going on . 
  time to spam her in quickplay, 
  i assume damage , since it seems that whether the shots heal or damage is determined when they hit a terget , not when they are shot , so they 'll damage her . 
  her , pharah * and * 76, 
  76 flirts with ana , ana flirts back, 
  pharah : mooom !, 
  ewww !, 
  stop !, 
  considering how poppy was completly out of the meta , often considered a troll pick and fiora being get fed or feed champion , they did quite well, 
  '' ^ ^ for ^ ^ the ^ ^ last ^ time , ** i am swedish ** '', 
  there is no escape from the brexit, 
  i want a character who is finnish steroetype and whose entire dialogue consists of the word `` perkele '' from silently smuthering it by himself to loudly yelling it to everyone when ulting, 
  do n't you dare tease me !, 
  that explains her connection to 76 . 
  perhaps the two were close , but then in the overwatch breakdown , she took reaper 's side . 
  someone said that reaper specificly targets 76 with his line about sombra . 
  just ana and pharah would be cool . 
  having to face genjis would fuck ana up, 
  that can be thought in anotherbway aswell . 
  a darker way, 
  no , i said holydays, 
  they also have his blood . 
  i wish he did n't have hiv, 
  i completly agree that margarethe should be leader of denmark . 
  the kalmar union was very interesting, 
  i think the reason some `` bad '' jobs are seen as hot in porn such as a pizza deliverers and pool boys , is because mostly young guys work at those jobs . 
  i bet that when you think of a pizza deliverer , you think of a pretty young guy, 
  what would be an actual example of such sitsuation, 
  too good health care, 
  i actually do n't know if i could live with myself , if i caused someone 's pet to have to be put down, 
  why do you have money , if you ca n't buy wahtever shit my kids are selling ? 
  why do you have ears or a mouth , if you do n't want to listen or talk to my kids ? 
  why do you exist , if you wo n't play with my kids , while i go do my supper important mombie busines , that is way more important than your whole existance ? 
  this story is / r/rage material, 
  also your dog is cute :\\ ^ 3, 
  i like how i have to spend a minute thinking what sub this is in , when almost half of my frontpage is pokemon go, 
  my point is that they preserved the champion well, 
  because it probably is . 
   take photographs without consent, 
  we have a bit over two years old ckc spaniel who likes cheese . 
  everytime someone takes cheese out of the fridge , she 'll be there . 
  no matter if she was sleeping or something , she always knows, 
  redditors being stupid and using downvotes as a disagree button, 
  my ckc spaniel sits down and refuses to move if she sees someone coming . 
  then if it is another dog , she runs behind me if the other dog comes close . 
  i bet the rest of the eu says the same thing, 
  can we accept canada as honorary nordics ? 
  now i feel really bad dor the pope , never getting to play pokemongo, 
  that 's why britain is an island . 
  no one wants to be their neighbour, 
  that 's a great way to get the younger generation voting, 
  i think they 'll do regionally grouped releases, 
  uk did brexit and gets pgo before the rest of us . 
  perhaps we should leave as well, 
  because there 's no grass, 
  and they got the official release, 
  i have found 1 within reasonable distance that i can actually get to easily , there 's another one , but it 's really badly placed . 
  after that the closest one is several kilometers away . 
  yet somehow there is a gym , which seems surprisingly active for a town with very spread out 2,5 k population, 
  ** call my name and save me from the dark !, 
  wake me up inside, 
  i need no sympathy, 
  he would be fapping on death row, 
  kinda makes me wish i was around when runescape was relevant game, 
  i bet that lots of people on reddit who play lol are above average level since they care enough to care about it outside of the game .
