  in pubs you often have the two combined , creating absolute hell for players who can not play sniper to counter the sniper . 
  genji is not primarily a melee hero . 
  he is only melee in his ult . 
  i do n't see reinhardt as a * true * melee hero , because he does n't * have to * get into melee range to be useful . 
  mostly he can stay and shield his team and charge at enemies positioning badly . 
  in my opinion a true melee hero would be someone who literally is useless , if they ca n't get into melee range . 
  but i agree in the fact that reinhardt is a melee hero , and his type melee hero is only type of melee hero who will work in overwatch , unless blizzard comes up with something crazy . 
  they can make a difference , but they ca n't completly stop the sniper from ruining the pub . 
  plus we are talking about good snipers and pubs right now . 
  when have you seen someone switch to vaccinator to counter a sniper in the enemy team ? 
  secondly , a good sniper wo n't target players being healed by the vac medic . 
  the current competitive players will have a clear advantage over players who do not get into beta . 
  which is understandable . 
  atleast for custom games , since they ca n't filter out hide 'n' seek games from some random messing around games . 
  rauf is wronhg for finnish . 
  i have never heard anyone use it, 
  yeah i agree that hide 'n' seek should have counted , but random mess arounds not so much . 
  the thing is that they ca n't filter out those other matches . 
  you can have blood moon diana if i can have hextech caitlyn, 
  skt zyra is pretty cool with the blond hair and stuff . 
  if only she had some nice ability effects . 
  and that skin does n't even look good on leblanc . 
  relevant username . 
  they `` live '' there , but probably are mostly elsewhere . 
  they are n't really communist anymore . 
  have n't heard the last one . 
  do i remember wrong or were n't most of them support mains and highest rank was plat with lowest being from silver , or something in that direction ? 
  i tought that was her kid and that she got pregnant when she was 13 . 
  i 'm glad i was wrong . 
  you can just say that you lost your virginity to a man . 
  should i even ask ? 
  for some reason it seems that lesbians in the closet are much more likely to date guys than closet guys are to date girls . 
  could be that it 's easier for girls to pretend to like guys than it is for guys to pretend to like girls . 
  i wonder how they would react if a muslims left some leaflets there promoting islam . 
  did you burn them ? 
  lots of fake information then, 
  you ship it . 
  along with lot of other champions . 
  kayle has no job now , since she used to work for the league . 
  fiddlesticks used to be a summoner if i recall correctly . 
  nocturne exists because they did some magic wrong . 
  they really should fix their lore so that champions can even logically exist in it . 
  they should have had replacement lores , even temporary ones ready for all champions before removing lol from lol, 
  atleast the lore for these champions has meaning already . 
  it literally tells you their background and how they got their powers . 
  but not before he gets reworked !, 
  kindred are the death in runeterra . 
  that man is their splash art could literally be anyone . 
  over all kalista has a lot more connections to the ruined king and the shadow isles . 
  have you seen his spalsh art ? 
  he is actually fucking huge . 
  he is just scaled down in-game, 
  i hate her face . 
  and that eye make up . 
  they were . 
  but then leona wase n't brutal enough . 
  it 's fine , but could use some tweaking, 
  diana 's is nice , but they could really give it some small touch ups . 
  anivia does n't have weapons, 
  the plan worked . 
  she was really strong even in 6.3 she can lane bully thanks to her range , that 's nothing new . 
  she can also punish people getting too close with net headshot combo . 
  she can definetly win agaisnt lucian . 
  against ez she will go even most of the time , if the ez knows to stay away and if the caitlyn knows how to dodge mystic shot . 
  who is the fifth champion in the top 5 ? 
  rengar is definetly not healthy . 
  we can argue about shaco . 
  i do n't know about eve . 
  if you enjoy playing her , then keep playing her . 
  champion is only as useless as the player playing it . 
  she has really slow clear . 
  i believe she was better with the sheen jungle item , since she could proc it often . 
  definetly irelia . 
  i met a guy who basicly only played irelia jungle . 
  it was great . 
  it 's working, 
  mastery 5 morgana checking in . 
  twisted fate . 
  just the infinite mana sustain , the targeted stun and the free tp ult . 
  grrr . 
  they could atleast do something short as a temporary lore . 
  for example :, 
  `` fiddlesticks is a terrifying creature , roaming the misty fields of valoran at night . 
  some say that fiddlesticks used to be a man , others claim that he is just a scarecrow brought to live by a curse . 
  whatever his origin might be , one thing is for sure ; those who cross paths with him will be terrified , if they are lucky . '', 
  something in that direction , just to remove the mentions of the institute of war and summoners . 
  basicly just dark and mysterious past disguised to fit the champion . 
  that 's the boring way . 
  you clear the minions with w before your opponent does , you hit them with binding and auto attack them to death . 
  if you ahve your ult/w you use that to kill them . 
  read the blue square . 
  lol why trans ? 
  sucks to border russia . 
  they do n't worry , because they got finland as a wall against only country that actually could go nuts near them . 
  definetly . 
  what petrol ? 
  must be great to have large enough population so that you have enough people who voluntarily want to serve in military . 
  they would do better working a job . 
  that way they could even pay taxes for the goverment and greece could get atleast a bit more money . 
  but they would rather have a military , which they mostly do n't need go figure .
