  i 'm pretty sure valve is actively fighting against lmaobox, 
  i 'm sure that they 'll either make matchmaking p2p only ( no , this wont make the game p2w ) or just hold it until lmaobox is gone . 
  in my opinion , they should make matchmaking p2p only at first , so hackers ca n't just get new accounts . 
  yes , valve does n't know about the probably biggest hack in any of their games and is n't already trying to fix it . 
  valve aswell as other game developers should have the right to take down hack websites . 
  i have no idea why is it not allowed . 
  robot/mutant/cyborg / zombie gray mann for halloween boss ? 
  they are n't allowed to take their site down , because lmaobox is n't actually illegal in eyes of the law . 
  valve can tell them to shut down the website , but no one can force them to . 
  yeah , but they really should have the right to take down the site if they wanted to , since it 's affecting their game negatively . 
  happy lie day !, 
  i third this . 
  backpack.tf . 
  you 'll know the prices in ref , short for refined metal . 
  just search for it to know how much one ref is in real money atm . 
  looking at your profile , your backpack 's value is pretty low . 
  basicly 2 weapons combine to one scrap , as i think you have already figured out . 
  only craft tradable weapons together . 
  one scrap is 0.11 ref . 
  you have 9 weapons that you can make scrap out of . 
  you 'll have 4 scraps + one weapon . 
  with 3 scraps you can craft one reclaimed metal . 
  that way the value of your weapons is 0.45 refined metal, 
  your ellis ' cap is worth 1.33 ref, 
  so in total the value of your backpack is 1.78 refined metal atleast . 
  that translate 's to about 0.22 $, 
  i do n't know about the prices of cs.go items , but i hope you can get something out of that , 
  that would be pretty dumb thing for valve to do . 
  that would basicly give people who bought the campaing pass unfair advantage when the matchmaking comes out . 
  also do you really think the contracts are hard ? 
  i could spend a week completing one contract and still be as good as other people who completed that ? 
  yes , we have all aready seen them . 
  there is literally no reason to post this stuff anymore . 
  seriously , if you find a pub , where msot of the people are friendly , just go with it . 
  i 'll just rudely kill small groups of friendlies , but if there are lot of them , to the point where most of the server agrees on it , you should just join the fun . 
  i have literally seen increased ammount of hackers today . 
  while i usually see maybe one a week or less , today i have seen atleast 3 . 
  he will see that and most likely note the opinion of his supporters . 
  that weapons is literally root of all evil . 
  it takes away all the fun in the gamemode . 
  one time when i was playing x10 , we literally had to beg this guy to stop using the quickiebomb launcher , because literally no one was having fun , and the games were completly one sided . 
  the team with the quickiebomb launcher would always win . 
  i would tell you to not do it . 
  only way for you to get one is from the community market , and they are really over priced at the moment , almost double their price . 
  they will most likely release events like these again , seeing what a succes gun mettle was . 
  literally everyone following this subreddit has already seen it . 
  stop posting useless content . 
  literally everyone following this subreddit has already seen it . 
  stop posting useless content . 
  stock is always a good choiche , having no downsides . 
  be is goodi f you want to go for chains . 
  i do n't really recomend the other ones . 
  yeah , i was being bit of a dick . 
  browsing newest first for a while does that to you . 
  now we have pwerhouse and balance of power achievement, 
  i wonder what happens to pass time ... 
  i need this in my life . 
  my favorite maps are powerhouse , standin and doomsday, 
  were n't there pyromania posters ? 
  the pan is actually op . 
  it has killed me more than any other melee, 
  i do n't get what people are complaining about . 
  it 's not that hard to cap last, 
  use backpack.tf to check prices, 
  it 's not that easy to fix it you know, 
  hey , guess what . 
  there are new players in the opposite team aswell . 
  what do you think they feel likw getting instantly headshotted . 
  i do n't want people in this game who would only stay if they do well . 
  thwy must understand that they are not going to be godlike in thwir first game, 
  therefor the enemy team is equally terrible so it 's all good . 
  edit : / s, 
  i do this too . 
  sometimes i say : `` no , i mean ... you know what i mean ... 
  i know waht i mean . 
  i 'm me . 
  i know what i 'm thinking . '', 
  wait . 
  are you not ment to just leave those ? 
  i was always told not to eat them . 
  thanks for ruining bananas for me . 
  this made me think . 
  i bet there are pants made so you can actually clen your hand on your thights . 
  if not , then someone better make them . 
  i would imagine them being really usefull in jobs where you often get dirt on your hands . 
  vote ralph wiggum for president . 
  there are thousands of us !, 
  i bite the skin around my fingers until i start to bleed or when i notcie that i 'm hurting myself . 
  i also bite my lips so much that they bleed . 
  and i just decided to stop biting my fingernails . 
  i 'll stick with the skin and biting my lips from now on . 
  is there like fingernail skin snippers that i have not been informed about ? 
  think about accidentally pulling of your whole fingernail ... or breaking one of your teeth by doing it too much . 
  i only bite the skin around my fingernails anymore . 
  it really does n't matter if it works for you . 
  i can actually crack my right pointer finger knuckle as many times in the row as i want while holding my hand in a fist shape . 
  i do it randomly sometimes without even noticing . 
  sometimes i do n't stop until someone tells me to, 
  it 's pretty hard to do it in the middle . 
  i have tried and you jsut look stupid doing it .
