  i probably do n't deserve to have my life extended either , but fuck . 
  i want that . 
  by destroying the data they made the lives they unwillingly gave wasted . 
  they died for nothing . 
  in my opinion you should try to make the most put of a bad situation . 
  how ever horrible it may have been . 
  tsunami killed millions ? 
  learn how to predict it . 
  nazis killed innocent people horribly for research ? 
  take the data and learn from those who died for it . 
  what if a lesbians peeks at other women in the bathroom ? 
  what makes that any different ? 
  should gays be banned from public bathrooms ? 
  but lesbianins are cool they are not dirty like those disgusting gay men !!!!!, 
  make her realise that seeing her oen face in a mirror would kill her , because i assume that she was that smart . 
  typing with phone is fun . 
  no , but she would logically assume that her petrifying gaze could work through the mirror, 
  i would n't be surprised if tank brand with some magic penetration would work . 
  or even [ the meta golem build ] ( http://i.imgur.com/fgs9ape.jpg ) , but without hydra of course . 
  someone does n't get the joke . 
  and i never realised filipino is the correct word for someone from there . 
  ethnicities are funny sometimes . 
  pedophilia supposedly being common in saudi-arabia, 
  they endes up in heaven since they were innocent after all , so it 's all good . 
  but that is gome wrong as the name says . 
  i have n't seen the video , but beheading gone wrong would most likely be worse . 
  lesser of two evils, 
  teabagged to pieces, 
  that is not the case anymore . 
  i do n't know where or when you are living if grain is still stored in pots . 
  still here two days later, 
  probably trying to deny cannon or something . 
  as a finn , `` and '' what ? 
  in finnish `` ja '' means and, 
  as a finn , my brain reads that as andandand . 
  my brain is stupid . 
  i was just referencing the fact that `` ja '' means and in finnish :d, 
  what is meme may never die . 
  i bought one chroma . 
  the morgana one , and i only ever use the black one , because it looks better than her default skin in game and exiled morgana is aparently never coming out of the vault again . 
  i wasted ~ 393 rp on the two other colours . 
  i really do like some recolours , but i do not wish to buy 3 of them , when only one of them looks good . 
  i would definetly buy them if they recolored the splash art and were sold one by one . 
  we really ca n't complain . 
  that was a great april fools . 
  everybody freaked out , because we were not getting urf . 
  if they gave us urf for april fools , everybody would have expected it . 
  and with the new champ select , no one talks in the lobby , unless i start it . 
  is she too slow paced for you ? 
  this should fix it then . 
  my favourite thing when playing rammus is to not say anything in chat besides ok and variations of it . 
  amazing skin . 
  i wish i could draw well enough to draw arclight morgana , but my skills would n't do it justice . 
  expect i do n't do it that way . 
  i day it when normally i would say something like gj . 
  or when answering questions . 
  not after my teammates die , because then i would just be a dick . 
  as a newbie ahri , i agree . 
  i am still shit with her after reaching mastery 5 . 
  shows how irrelevant mastery 5 truly is . 
  yeah i just wanted to point that out . 
  i main support , but now i will get to play it every single game if i have even a bit of luck . 
  it gets boring after a while , even for a support main . 
  everyone wants to be the carry sometimes atleast . 
  i bet you are not a support main . 
  prepare to play * alot * of support, 
  people think that jungle is easy to play ? 
  also sucks to que for 10 + minutes and get your secondary role . 
  i wish that we could choose a timelimit for the queu , and during that time it looks for your primary role only . 
  if you do n't get to game in that time frame , it will look for your secondary role . 
  i would say a minute default would be nice . 
  there is no way that that is accurate . 
  support second most popular role ? 
  only in your dreams . 
  support has changed greatly from season 3 . 
  which means that they could enable 3v3 soloq if they wanted to . 
  they might need to tweak the mmr a bit or something like that . 
  which i wish they would fix . 
  i want my chests god dammit . 
  i think you ahd too many deaths , or too little cs , if riot did n't tweak the system to not look at cs and wards in howling abyss, 
  i should get a smurf just so i can actually have to courage to play ranked without fear of fucking up my main acc . 
  i mean for that mode . 
  since if it looks at wards placed and cs , it 's really hard to get s , if not impossible . 
  there are 2 things holding me from playing twisted treeline . 
  lack of soloque and the depressing music . 
  i can fix the latter myself , but riot should do something about the first one . 
  at the moment it seems like riot does n't want to keep twisted treeline alive . 
  still no reason to remove the item though . 
  you have a video of zigg 's ult being blocked ? 
  to me it seems weird , since the bomb travels so high up . 
  why does a robot have a butt ? 
  it 's most likely canon . 
  i do n't think they would change lores of so recently released champions, 
  3 wards placed . 
  that also has an effect . 
  too bad it 's not possible to put / on your summoner name . 
  i also added link to a post in main sub as well as strawpoll, 
  her q deals disgusting dmg when she is built ap, 
  or play lulu . 
  like ... anywhere .
