  it was a mis stake, 
  give me topdeck or give me death, 
  remember wb / rockstead as the scum they are . 
  add them to the list along side creative assembly / sega , relic / sega and anyone else you think intentionally fucks the consumer with day1 dlc and un/never finished products . 
  white knights on the internet are the saddest things . 
  that 's the dream !, 
  i ca n't imagine someone like that wanting to avoid a spectacle . 
  going to stub my toe on a mcdonalds door while carrying coffee . 
  wish me luck !, 
  `` accused of possessing and producing child pornography '', 
  viewing an image on the internet is posessing it was it 's stored in your cache . 
  producing is having made a copy of the origional . 
  i do n't think he had an underground basement with children and a camera but something closer to `` looked at a picture on the internet '', 
  just got back , nobody gave a shit . 
  one guy said `` toughen up dickhead '' guess it does n't work in australia :(, 
  that 's just a large index finger !, 
  im waiting on earth rager myself . 
  [ no , do you know english ? ], 
  ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ok0jfkhta-i ), 
   in aus , it 's a hot humid night . 
  story checks out, 
  in gta3 everyone got into the car at the end :(, 
  the $ 50 ui/graphical update for blood bowl 2 is supposed to come out on the 22nd of this month . 
  tb said it was delayed , did he reference the past delay or is it delayed again ? 
  if it is a new delay , any theories as to why ? 
  tbh the allies played no significant part of ww2 and im glad relic decided to sell us these optional extras . 
  having two playable factions/races is a groundbreaking milestone that no other game has ever reached , but adding two more is truly exceptional . 
  it would n't have been a problem if the card had an orange glow . 
  tell me you agree !, 
  going to download the extension just to do it . 
  is it worth more because nazi gold is superior ? 
  body on the black lines ? 
  without seeing everything you 've done , id have to guess that the trigger is n't applying the government to the country . 
  was a supremacy pun :(, 
  a for effort though !, 
  eli5 : the laurakbuzz gimmick ? 
  i usually find that people who need a gimmick need it because they lack substance in their content , its why i like tb . 
   good radio voice , outspoken personality, 
  i see those as character traits rather than something feigned or forced . 
  i think dodger does like coffee and anime bs , i think jesse is genuinely loud , imaginative and bad at video games as opposed to personalities like angry joe/francis/pewdiepie . 
  i guess i personally am after pragmatic substance over superfluous entertainment . 
  this guy downloaded something off the internet , we should lock him up and have him sodomized !, 
  everytime you say it 's name , it gets stronger . 
  damn mexicans you breakin dowm my chitty wall !, 
  hey its your friend bob , thanks for giving me that old gpu !, 
  hard to do business with someone when you dont have a farm . 
  this could be such a boon for the economy it could compensate for having labour in power for two terms . 
  i had never seen or heard from her before , i thought it was a character like boogies francis . 
  devils advocate : everyone who is n't a white male can say `` im being criticized because of my ( insert non white male status ) '', 
  perhaps the mod team are just very zealous but i 've not seen any mass deletes , is this an actual problem or just fuelling a small fire ? 
  anyone who puts themselves in the limelight will get criticized in a low effort manner , fat people will be called fat , women will be called women black people will be called some kind of slur and the same goes for trans people . 
  it is n't hatred or bigotry in the literal sense , its just low effort insult slinging . 
  everyone in the spotlight will endure this on any medium . 
  c : / program files/steam/common / dota2, 
  if you aborted , the 2032 spree killings would n't have happened . 
  when tb said `` tens of people '' it sparked my scepticism , any chance of a link like / r/undelete or something to that effect ? 
  just for personal curiosity . 
  may the force be forever in your favour !, 
  could just be an algebraic variable insinuating the unknown . 
  if i were king , treason would never go unpunished . 
  brutus is scum also . 
  we do n't need more dodgers . 
  equity is n't required . 
  the criteria should be :, 
  is human , is interesting/informative/entertaining / skilled . 
  no other metrics matter . 
  doubt it was because they won , more likely a release/return . 
  `` fuck , a black belly snake just bit me '' - australia, 
  so that makes your 5 now right ? 
  eli5 : why wont anything produced after 1923 enter public domain ? 
  i am rusty , but i do n't think `` all_country '' is a scope . 
  you need `` any_country '' . 
  any countries meeting the criteria will be targeted . 
  second part not = root is invalid . 
  doesnt need to be there as inheriting or ceding provinces to yourself has no effect . 
  remember to check your brackets too !, 
  they 're just left overs from the world wars . 
  cromwell is to irish as hitler is to jews . 
  except the irish do n't make a movie every 4 months to remind the world . 
  their descendants do n't commit disproportionate levels of crime and blame oppression either inspite of being sent to a foreign continent as a prisoner/slave . 
  mickey o'brian ? 
  the ability to mod anything ( cough interactionmenu eu4 ) all i 've ever wanted was a spy action to assassinate that uses spyoff/spydef :(, 
  the lack of removal options compared to mtg is staggering . 
  whicwais would be better mo, 
  turns out it was robin williams who had no spine . 
   you probably just love being a dick on the internet, 
  can confirm , am shitlord . 
  should have shot the guy from the gunner seat before he threw the grenade . 
  [ battlestar galactica soundtrack ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9ksn92hjgy0&amp;list=pl5755b7ba7f19b8d2 ), 
  i 'd like the nsa to watch and record all actions taken outside ones residence and none within . 
  there is no such thing as privacy on the internet . 
  he gives love a bad name . 
  is fake and gay, 
  so hitler was actually a good person , just abused by this doctor . 
  going to start a hitler fan club and call it stop slander ( ss ) . 
  you have changed my life !, 
  better hope the guy is n't a ruthless pragmatist who considers murder more cost efficient . 
  you 're big enough to be fine , occupy war leader 's capital and wait long enough for the length of war modifier for white peace . 
  do n't bother with demands , just white peace . 
  the drugs hitler was given caused his speech to slur and his memory faded , he meant to say `` find my shoes .
