  mediator wont work when one party fictionalizes contributed work . 
  when you have a full time job and stream etc you really should n't try to `` bill '' 3000 hours . 
  i bought a pizza store and hired a delivery driver , now the driver wants half my business because he thinks the people only buy at my shop to see him . 
  it 's pretty common , [ happened in america too ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/american_revolutionary_war ) , just over money instead of religion . 
  joining a certain faction indicates their origin/plans . 
  or ethiopian stick tossing when n'wah nishangablananwan is throwing , because that is an equally relevant analogy . 
  factor = 0 modified by any value is still 0, 
  add modifiers to multiply the chance it plays by 0 in the situations you dont want it played , which will likely be not = { tag = tur war_with = byz }, 
  all songs will play for all nations under all circumstances unless their chance to play is multiplied by 0, 
  the price wont double if the cost of wages double . 
  most retail food businesses spend somewhere between 15-30 % on wages . 
  if wages were doubled , the cost of the end product would only increase by that margin . 
  reddit mods are nazis . 
  will do anything arbitrarily at any time because their fedora is too tight . 
  would n't be the first time , 
  ive tried a medic playthrough just healing no dps . 
  dance is strong but the ai is dumb and you cant tell companion hp in vats . 
  need mod for it, 
  the institute are the best faction to join , mankind redefined !, 
  they never leave gauger counters in the shop, 
  the sentinel is actually pretty good for melee characters , when you are blitzing around in vats you are doing damage but standing still . 
  chamelion + sentinel + fortifying is the dream . 
  when not moving , you go invisible like a traditional stealth mode . 
  when upgrading any arm piece to brawler/piercing . 
  just in general throughout the game its been pretty vague sometimes . 
  wonder if companions have stats or if piper with a mech suit is just as effective as danse . 
  yep , the higher level you are the more likely you get the combat/sturdycombat/heavycombat gear . 
  doing the kill the corser mission with the build on survival , i think i explain the build around the 1:15 mark, 
  can i borrow your gauger counter ? 
  broke my heart that as director i could n't recruit virgil . 
  this should have been front page . 
  shits me to no end . 
  congratulations , you 've made the baseball team . 
  which position do you prefer ? 
  if you do n't want to get shot , dont steal a car , kidnap a white girl and then ram into a police officer . 
  i expected the certain artifact gun to make a `` fus roh dah '' sound as it fired :(, 
  i sold him for some sweet caps , 
  makes me think about enslaving a bunch of ghouls . 
  if they really dont eat or sleep , why must i feed and bed them in settlements :(, 
  there is no legendary game mode . 
  i 'm 20 % sure that seems like a legitimate statistic that has n't been made up 50 % of the time . 
  religion does n't need to be in scouts , but scouts like the military has a since founding has venerated the head of state . 
  a promotion to freedmen !, 
  was in cubs , scout and raaf , all took their hat off in a room with a picture of the queen displayed . 
  god was mentioned in cubs/scouts but was referenced as `` do my duty to my god '' . 
  scout activities were really just badge collecting and camping , i dont recall any religious aspect . 
  only when hes not trying too hard with guitar solos and black shades indoors : s, 
  what ? 
  are you insane . 
  billie piper has no peer . 
  writers are struggling this season . 
  each standalone episode has existed in a previous season/episode . 
  the female character believed to be a zygon actually was the character impersonating the zygon . 
  would end up being like supergirl , instead of a cool and interesting character who happens to be female , it 's focus point is gender . 
  when my house is on fire , i often drive two hours to borrow someones golden water bucket instead of using my neighbours hose . 
  wait , no that would be silly . 
  [ homeland already did it ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ct3bsyf64gm ), 
  it 's worth checking your countrys racial discrimination act . 
  it will likely read `` s1 `` all people are equal and receive equal benefit from the law '' s2 `` those deemed not equal will receive special treatment '', 
  hi dr nick , its zoidberg !, 
  as long as you did n't bypass 50 towns along the way that had housing and employment to go to the town that had golden water buckets , chocolate rivers and unicorns . 
  when a person from sudan applies for assylum in your country , he should be shown the map , each country from his point of origin should be pointed to and he then asked `` why did n't you go here ? '', 
  i think that 's what most reasonable conservatives want to happen . 
  he also legislated against animal cruelty , so you need to kill animals to prove you hate hitler ? 
  might as well just hold some book burnings and witch trials while you 're at it . 
  the slaughter of englishmen by englishmen in 1776 was treason yet they celebrate that heinous betrayal . 
  what if instead the colonies funneled money to the state , the empire on which the sun never set to encompass the planet . 
  no longer concerned with rebellion , the industrial era happens and the whole world benefits as a member of the empire . 
  religion , gender and ethnicity are no longer and issue and when the atom is split , it is used for power not destruction . 
  unlike the fallout plotline due to the world being united and wanting for nothing , no grand corporate greed takes place and humanity expands to the stars . 
  so really , that juicy independence came at the price of peace and prosperity for all mankind . 
  it 's a bit of a trap , it 's 5 minutes of coolness for 45 minutes of drama but does look cynically at how foreign affairs are handled . 
  saturday night live sketch is pretty accurate too https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k4aeibd1rrc, 
  season 5 epoisode 1 . 
  everything is an experiment , everything is a test . 
  it 's a vault on a smaller scale . 
  dlc will be bot armor . 
  join the bos ( board the airship ) and you can add it at any workbench . 
  nick valentine ? 
  power attack and grenade on left alt . 
  holy shit makes me so mad . 
  spending some time building in sanctuary can get you sorted for the first 10 levels . 
  str = damage for melee/unarmed . 
  no other `` special '' stat increases damage . 
  it 'd be madness not to get 11 base str . 
  mankind redefined . 
  of course in general it does n't matter but in reference to topic in terms of `` melee damage optimization '' it 's necessary . 
  if you shoot down a russian jet , another russian jet is going to bomb you . 
  nobody wanted luxembourg . 
  good builds , knowing where your dmg spikes are , knowing how ai behaves and knowing when you need to take all of the drugs . 
  high agility helps too !, 
  i have never used grenades . 
  too scared it will clip on something and kill me :(, 
  pipe revolvers , pipe bolt and pipe rifel arent interchangable . 
  nor are institute or lazers . 
  has to be the same `` type '' afaik, 
  grenade mishaps are also killer :(, 
  his perception of things may be askew, 
  the file you are trying to extract is too large . 
  please free some space or select another drive ?
