  removing the core and building cheat wont break the save . 
  it would be madness not to take exploration first as portugal . 
  even if you want to annex castle and be spain with portugeese ideas allowing for less competion for colonies and greater use of your tariff bonuses , the sooner you get started the better . 
  i 'll be streaming all weekend , going attempt a french colonization game . 
  the plan is : win hyw , inherit half of burgandy/force release flanders and vassalize , annex granada before castle does , perhaps a war with castle for canarias , colonize as hard as i can utilizing the reduced native attacks/double manpower/income from native perk then become emperor and form the hre before 1820 . 
  phrased * i 'm sure you will remember this . 
  i 've always thought it was my ruthless pragmatism . 
  allowing me to recall events and actions but not trivial things , such as names and nagging . 
  edit : i would n't push anyone infront of a bus . 
  more so the role the janitor from scrubs plays in `` the middle '', 
  able to flex penis as it 's a muscle . 
  took it first . 
  took a single province from granada , claimed a nearby castile province , released granada . 
  dow castile , portugal joined , took cape verde from portugal in separate peace , returned any provinces castile had to granada and got the canarias from spain . 
  some persistent shenannigans with castele and at approx 1550 portugal and castile are just getting to the caribbean while i have most of sth america landlocked . 
  regrettably the french native bonuses are n't providing a tonne of manpower/gold to the colonies due to lowish native pops in sth america . 
  the sooner you get your colonial vassal started , the sooner he expands for you/gets better ideas/buildings/tax . 
  twitch.tv / fashbinder, 
  i was eating a sausage roll from the store across the road , sold by a fat elderly woman . 
  it was slightly stale . 
  cant remember what you said , i 'd better hit context and add other redditors replies to the list of trivial non pragmatic irrelevancies . 
  ai difficulty - determines how well the ai plays and reacts to the player . 
  at easy the ai 's skill level is reduced and it is less harsh towards the player . 
  at normal the ai treats ai and player nations the same . 
  at hard the ai reacts more harshly to the player 's actions . 
  usually in terms of ae . 
  pretty sure `` the seed is strong '' was just stark propaganda to incite another civil war and steal the throne . 
  delete common/colonial _ regions/colonial _ regions.txt, 
  replace when you change your mind , 
  picking advisors for tradition . 
  eu4 's main mechanical improvement was changing a random chance per month to a progressive chance per month . 
  removing randomness in missionaries etc. 
  then did a backflip and added randomness to advisors :(, 
  tbh i like it . 
  there 's a system already in place for groups to get permits to stand around , shout and make noises in a park/public space . 
  having people willy nilly blocking roads/paths is undesirable . 
  im also suprised that the ability to move a group on isnt covered in some loitering/public nusience legislation . 
  i recall wiz saying `` the ai wont call you to arms unless an ai in your position would accept . '', 
  clearly just a bug or there are other factors that could counterweight the -100 from `` would destabilize '' . 
  could assume you 're married and 200 rep with austria and a high level of trust . 
  could assume he has a large diplomatic reputation and the war target is your rival . 
  i think that might be enough . 
  my pet peve with alliances is your war target calling in an ally , who calls in your ally . 
  also when your target allies with two great powers , you manage to get treaties annulled and when the truce ends , they insta re-ally :(, 
  i second this if i were to ever endure playing a stimulating game on a mobile device . 
  being able to check it frequently is fantastic !, 
  however it 's 100 % pay to win , not get skins or boosts but get +5000 men pay to win . 
  also it 's a map of the world in 1914 , but if you ever bring up ww2 in chat you 'll get banned , as it 's hosted/run by a german company . 
  tarrifs are just from tax not production/trade . 
  peru/lapatia/brazil and mexico likely have a gold province or 5 . 
  they 're going to be rich forever , tax them . 
  at 25 % desire you get an event to lose 5 for free . 
  at 50 you lose 25 % but cant pick ruler types . 
  havent pushed it from there , 
  you could also load that game as austria and call brandenburg to come and see what 's modifiers are being used/if he would come for a player . 
  not sure how you have 2190 upvotes . 
  i 'll just flip this thingamejig and push this button and bam , downvotes for -2000 . 
  how do you like me now grackle !, 
  i 'm sorry this happened chang wong . 
  when you core it he should accept it . 
  culture/religion/too far/want him stronger . 
  three years too late, 
  he was saying that it was saying that if a woman has intimacy issues years after being raped , she 's `` weak-willed and thin-skinned . '', 
  and that if she 's having sex with someone else later on , she has no right to get anxious because it was her choice to have sex that time . 
  it 's just generally horrible, 
  hrm , will load the game and check/check wiki . 
  the colony 's ruler personality type influences what they do and a rulers stats weight his personality . 
  colonies growing/attacking/colonizing on their own is a magical thing, 
  i saw this thread at `` work '' and decided to give it a go when i got home . 
  here 's the stream rip, 
  quality may be poor but it 's a standard 1.5.1 game . 
  no lucky nations normal difficulty . 
  no cheezing with cas/hab or burgandy assisting . 
  i guess another advantage might be to get him to culture his convert non accepted cultures so when you do integrate him his primary culture has high enough base tax to be accepted into yours . 
  i 've always been cynical of all charities for this exact reason . 
  common/localization / ___ . txt for fixing it if you are obsessively compulsed to do so . 
  i knew this would be an unpopular opinion :(, 
  50000 people outside government building x chanted `` save the 7 legged octopus '' in an effort to draw awareness towards the plight of this endangered species . 
  if driving past i would surely hear/see it , would be on the news , would n't be a public nuisance for the general populous and would n't get a riot squad sent/people killed/injured . 
   to boot, 
  i lost it there as i read any top comment about hockey in a canadian accent . 
  please dont breathe my air when im wearing a top hat , it 's creepy you weirdo !, 
  pay 30 women to have male children , raise the children to the age of 30 in a `` trueman show esque '' environment simply omitting , half having a liberal society where sexual orientation is as important socially as hair colour . 
  the other 15 in a trueman world where the mere concept doesnt even exist . 
  i have no idea what will happen but would be a cool experiment !, 
  moldova gave them access as he was threatened by them . 
  having access would mean if they were attacked it would destabilize the ottomans , so it 's in their best interest to do so . 
  the ai also seldom stands on scortched land , you can often `` force '' them to entering you lands via a choke point . 
  defending that choke point ( on hill/river pref ) with small stack will incite them to stomp it , have your main stack adjacent and reinforce . 
  im going to get 50 people to stand shoulder to shoulder in a circle around your house preventing you from leaving , it 's our right though isnt it ? 
  police dare not move us on and arrest us if we refuse !, 
  tbh the `` new '' legislation is really just a legislative clarification of existing tort law . 
  guess i wont be able to get anywhere on sunday , sigh . 
  wish the police had legislative power to move people on or arrest them for disturbing the peace/public nuisance/obstruction of public property . 
  police : hey mate you 're in the way , could you move elsewhere ? 
  you : f you cunt i do what i want, 
  get arrested, 
  swear to god if im trying to get somewhere this weekend and there are some bafoons blocking the street , i 'll write an angry letter to my local member asking him to put forth a proposal to allow police to arrest people obstructing the common and fair use of public property ( roads ) if when asked to move choose not to . 
  hell , i 'll even organize a protest , get permission from the local government to use a park and stand around for hours yelling incoherantly in prechool level english and waving signs !, 
  yes .
