  the criminal code in most countries determine the difference between an actual threat and speaking by the ` real and present ability to perform the action ' . 
  did you see tsm rape c9 in the summer split ? 
  how is jew hatred irrational ? 
  do i like question talkers ? 
  no i do not . 
  would i ever engage in the action to prove a point . 
  yes i would . 
  you do n't have in-laws . 
  was n't he the shopkeep the guy who was shot robbed ? 
  new meme , bad luck rasheed, 
  would like to see the classified fbi files on him , 
  dat tooney arbot is sux !, 
  what would be the pragmatic purpose of enacting climate change policy at expense to the taxpayer for australia if the us , china , india and other polluters do not ? 
  running with scissors is also a bad idea . 
  anyone can be a policeman , ghetto gangster thugs are the exclusive group . 
  i 'll gotten gains have already been muled and spent . 
  the one in the middle has a gun !!!, 
  somebody shoot him !, 
  the english accent makes us feel safe . 
  american ` lets players ' could pull out a gun at any time and commit some treason !, 
  i 'd like to be linked to a sub relating to this . 
  played the rpg , hated it . 
  cool story though . 
  when it came out there was some qq about `` y rivaspring has no massiv castil liek da gaim '' or `` zomg i cut ma hand on jagga sword and go kaioken with blood magic '' . 
  it 's because some things just have to exist for an rpg to function . 
  villiage to protect/super power boss . 
  i love rust , just waiting for a proper release with anticheat . 
  if you google happy black people dancing you see what slavery was like . 
  hitler is one of my most favourite people . 
  it 's good to see people bringing him back as a reminder of what he stood for . 
  mechanic guide link is on the toolbar above . 
  it 's too late for any of this to matter . 
  anyone who yells really loudly and uses fucking as an adjective sounds american . 
  they wont add an option to skip cutscenes as people will see how little their choices actually matter . 
  telltale games illusion of choice is the only game mechanic . 
  i had one of these . 
  i do not see the difference between telling someone you smoke crack and giving them a naked picture . 
  you naturally would like the person to keep it to themselves but its insanity for someone to be jailed for it . 
  i swear if attilla launches without a ` call willing allies ' option i will arrrrrrr be mad . 
  i too was disenchanted at launch . 
  the core mechanics havent changed , the ai is still a joke the most notable improvement from vanilla is the buildings are worth building . 
  your conversation.com link tl ; drs to `` commonwealth net debt is about 11 % of gdp , the third lowest in the oecd ( the average is 50 % ) '' . 
  budget.gov.au actually lists it as 17 % compared to where we were a few years ago its ten times higher . 
  a mcdonalds worker is pretty well off compared to homeless people . 
  what we should be doing is comparing us to ourselves . 
  [ is the center left ( alp ) or the center right ( lnp ) more responsible with our money ? 
  for non australians our last conservative government was in office from 1996-2007 . 
  [ i hope joe hockey can pay off labor debt as his predecessor did ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=riw8xe_iurg&amp;list=uuc4w9jvtldepxlvgevehieg ), 
  i agree some debt was inevitable . 
  i think a conservative government would have reacted differently to the gfc , certainly not the lavish spending/giving away money that we saw . 
  there 's a pretty sweet game of thrones mod for ck2 i did some work on , 
  australias was a factor of 10 ( 1.7 % -17 % ) . 
  the us almost a factor of 2 ( 42 % -70 % . ), 
  lets give the prime minister at least one financial year before assessing his ability . 
  i think the budget.gov.au link is pretty clear and unbiased . 
  eu4 has set a standard for ai interaction . 
  i wouldnt mind if big studios got together and implemented something like this . 
  kinda like a vac ban but more widespread . 
  can confirm . 
  using rewind feature , tried many options . 
  til if you want half a million dollars , be a white woman and provoke some police . 
  mcdonalds doesnt sell dildos in happy meals . 
  any business can attempt to maintain any image they want , even if its for a silly reason . 
  a patroling fleet is usually enough to hold sardinia . 
  earlier today a 15 unit carthaginian transport stack died to an admiral and 3 first tier fleet levys . 
  its glorious . 
  best buy life insurance first !, 
  similarly , theres a lazy fix for colonial nation exploits that prevents you from selling newfoundland to the thirteen colonies . 
  not sure if they have coring range that early with nomad tech . 
  one legion raiding , one in ambush next to it . 
  ambush will intercept for an easy win . 
  anyone who occupies a province beyond the wall has a chance to find the horn . 
  blowing the horn removes the high level ` wall ' buildings from the nightswatch provinces as well as disabling the event that damage to wildlings who fight the watch on the wall provinces . 
  ( entitled notch draw loose ) . 
  source : i made it . 
  if geographically appropriate id make a scavenger hunt involving deduction . 
  if not , the board game `` mouse trap '' . 
  a more serious version of it is the shows opening credits . 
  i know right ? 
  massive cocktease making us wait . 
  i wan na see it all now :(, 
   sorry , it 's too big, 
  i hear that all the time :(, 
  they 're chopping off his hands . 
  sneakthief, 
  not sure why people venerate napoleon , he was hitler of the 18th century, 
  genocide would fix the problems in the middle east . 
  ahh , sounds like its an alpha launch :(, 
  all 7 or so ideas are tied together . 
  to allow you to choose from a list of options , each time you have enough points youd have to make 7 ^ 7 idea sets , and swap into them as you progress . 
  common/ideas/00 _ basic_ideas and paste in your own . 
  it will be added without localization but selectable in game . 
  nuclear_ideas = {, 
  category = mil, 
  free_leader_pool = 1, 
  cavalry_power = 0.10, 
  hire_some_scientists = {, 
  enemy_core_creation = 1.0, 
  vassal_income = 0.10, 
  global_manpower_modifier = 0.25,
