  2011 - i replied `` there 's no way the bank or government willingly ceede control , too much legislation in place , neither will break status quo '' . 
  if he 's lucky he baught the coins before he was married , otherwise in a divorce you would surely shank her . 
  that 's crazy !, 
  saw an article on reddit the average cost to have someone killed is $ 15,000 . 
  ladies , do n't marry pragmatists , 
  a majority of australians have descendants that arrived as convicts . 
  litterally nothing to their name from the late 1700 's to 1800 's . 
  my patriarchal line from the 13th fleet . 
  emancipated at 15 , have a job , do n't commit crime . 
  i do n't believe finger pointing at events in the past can rationalize poor/criminal behaviour . 
  it 's a torrent . 
  tell you what , i 'll order them in and have them delivered for free . 
  can i have your name , address and mobile number ? 
  vengeance is a dish best served off shift , 
  if it escalates to that level , might suggest to police a charge of public nuisance or something to that effect . 
   supervisor bends and gives the woman the x % off by keying it in manually , but tells her she can not do it again next time . 
  it 's going to happen next time . 
  looks like a half margarita half cheese and olives on a stuffed crust with two obscure triangle things placed on/in it . 
  surely he 'd have the `` she sent it to me '' defence . 
  what ? 
  people still buy ubisoft `` games '' ? 
  colloquially known as `` he-said-she-said '', 
  if it got to that stage , a hammer and chisel would be the step before suicide . 
  this came to mind - scrubs, 
  nah , just cut the side of your face open to get at it , doubles as a joker costume . 
  pre nerf a guildie and i tried running marienople facial cleanser to freedich . 
  trip took 30 mins , 10g for the pack +5 % , 1g cost = 19g profit each per hour . 
  not that good . 
  in australia the declaration of sovereignty of the continent made all the mainland annexed . 
  later in 1890 , the queensland government annexed mur island for the purposes of local inhabitance not claiming it , as it was n't previously covered . 
  in 1975 the racial discrimination act said ` all australians will receive equal treatment and equal benefit from the law '', 
  in 1992 a lawyer on behalf of eddie mabo claimed that the 1890 annexation of mer island was targeting the torres strait islanders and therefore unlawful under the 1975 racial discrimination act . 
  the courts agreed . 
  this allowed a different race/culture , australian aborigines , to claim land on the mainland . 
  something similar with indian reserves in the us ? 
  you have not seen ddrjake :p, 
  x-post season 1 ? 
  i never got inside a pig but i 've bred and raised it then ate its flesh . 
  will submit a pic . 
  frontpage for sure !, 
  my motivation was much different from kakkarots . 
  my motivation was to become the greatest saiyan alive as i always have been . 
  oh snap , is gilded , got messaged !, 
  bet you are jelly, 
  they do have 10 times the budget of the actual developers . 
  seems to have no problem getting laid , probably just curious . 
  i do n't have a problem with bestiality either . 
  i mean , pragmatically . 
  we can grow and animal for the purpose of killing it and eating its flesh , but ca n't fuck it . 
  me either , but i see no need to prohibit it . 
  while we 're at it , saving something digitally a single time , is not production . 
  if you look like justin beiber it could have been an honest mistake . 
  spot on with the common assault definition . 
  however it would be reasonable for people to bump into eachother behind a service counter , as it 's usually a small space . 
  afaik the starter ship is your level 1-20 mmo equivalent . 
  from there you have enough credits to buy another that outclasses it . 
  wow , i seriously thought it was intentional . 
  like how loud bangs play to amplify a scenes scaryness . 
  the tv series hannibal does it criminially , its an amazing show , if you can hear what they 're saying . 
  i wonder what living in a democracy would be like . 
  at the moment , picking one of two popularists , does n't really represent my interests . 
  we call them bum bags, 
  not all mlm is a scam/con . 
  in australia there was a company that sold you $ 120 a month of alcohol at retail price and for every person you refer , and anyone they refer ad infinitum you got about 40c when they ordered ( capped at 4000 ) . 
  naturally you can go to a bottle store and get a carton of xxx on special for cheaper than rrp but it was genuinely a good deal . 
  every natalie dormer episode . 
  the man gently places his penis into the womans vagina . 
  if you referred people , you got a discount . 
  was n't hard as any referee 's referees counted as yours . 
  likely local bottle store price = $ 25-30, 
  yes , has another alias too , 
  the scene where she 's painting in a white shirt and an american accent and sherlock spots the forgeries . 
  yep , i was getting $ 80 plus cartons delivered to the door for $ 120 . 
  you could also pay 200 iirc to get the companys call center to recruit three people on your behalf . 
  in addition to having a few top pyramid slots they made money there too . 
  i hope they do n't steal his bitcoins :(, 
  also , ca n't believe he did n't use a proxy : /, 
  til white people go to mexican and croatian soccer matches to show support . 
  hindering the australian econemy for an global emissions reduction of less than a percent is n't worth it . 
  until the us/china/japan / india adopt a climate change policy , nothing any other country does will have any substantial effect . 
  this is a wise decision as it 's in the national interest . 
  i bet you a testicle that if the aforementioned large polluters adopted a serious policy and asked mr abbot to join , he would . 
  assuming you 're talking about gillard being a fabian socialist in her younger days , its true , but everyone explores new ideas and concepts , later to replace them with better ones . 
  i was a member of stormfront.org in high school , thought that was the culture i had affinity with , 20 years later it turns out im a monarchist instead , 
  the chasers nailed it . 
  irl when people say `` lololol k f dem i voit green '', 
  show them this . 
  can i buy some bear arms off you ? 
  killed americans . 
  it 's on now . 
  inb4 someone blames abbot . 
  it 's like keying your own car . 
  if you 're a us retailer *, 
  i often eat veal . 
  that 's right , i pay someone to grow a lamb , feed it , make it procreate , and then kill its baby . 
  then i eat its flesh with other humans on a regular basis . 
  but like , do n't kill turtles ? 
  lol `` hand `` led, 
  can you do mythbusters next ? 
   you are probably a sadist,
