  it 's a single player game . 
  you pause time in the menu ? 
  when you go to sleep tonight , pause the game while a creature has started jumping . 
  when you wake up in the morning unpause and it will finish its jump , the time of day will be the same and the leaf that was falling will still be falling . 
  there is no doubt this is a single player game , you will never see another player . 
  your only interaction will be seeing what they have named things . 
  that 's the nail on the head . 
  slug , beak creature , advanced robot ? 
  see that mountain , you can climb it , this dark elf casting paralyze on the dog isnt scripted , the center of the universe will be different and cool . 
  the same way millions of people are on reddit . 
  its just transmitting the name of the creature/planet when you press upload . 
  think of it like spore . 
  81 aud, 
  hail jim full of truth the jim be with you , thy review done , on youtube as it is on the inquisition . 
  it 's f3 on the keyboard . 
  isnt a coin toss , its a question - did the devs lie ? 
  if there are multiple sources in the affirmative there 's going to be hate . 
  seems fairly rational . 
  space combat is the worst , was recently in a battle where the enemy ships werent marked : s, 
  i think it might be worth doing it once you have the 48 slots to find ones with prebuilt omega parts . 
  traveled 53k horizontally, 
  i want a bigger ship for space travel that launches the current ship from it when going to the planet . 
  lol that ` death threat ' made me chuckle . 
  what the fuck did you just say about parmesian ? 
  i have you know i. . . just dont care, 
  tbh i just want to see a human do something better than any other human on the planet , gender segregation while understandable isnt interesting . 
  as a small time streamer who plays decision based games , i accept people will offer advice ` backseat ' . 
  i think its obscene to expect people watching that type of game to not offer advice and equally obscene to become upset by it as you are streaming it to people . 
  kripp stream did it . 
  properly, 
  could n't you just press the wibbly button when its timey whimey as that seems to be how most problems are solved . 
  when you read it in his voice you know its an alt account, 
  always some activist harassing commercial vessels . 
  should be a crime . 
  whitney the snapper, 
   the onus of knowing exactly what to do in these situations fall primarily on this man 's shoulders, 
  the type of thing to look into when you decide to buy a gun . 
  a woman can choose any hospital to give birth in , we all agree on that . 
  given the choice between a hospital who provides a free interpreter or one that doesnt , what kind of imbecile chooses the wrong hospital ? 
  if you 're a father who is there for the birth of his child , you surely have done some form of research on the process of child birth . 
  what instruction do you need ? 
  where do you draw the line ? 
  what about a blind and deaf person , dictate every public and private service have a brail operator on standby ? 
  what about a blind deaf person who has no arms ? 
  in this particular case a pen and paper probably would have been enough to convey information as im sure when the guy goes to buy a packet of chips , hes capable without needing a translator . 
  hugh mungous what ? 
  hugh m johnson, 
  no buy sky, 
  lol seanyy doesnt win games, 
  the r at the end of his name in brackets appears to be upside down . 
  well if hes disrespecting his father like that , perhaps he is a tractor ? 
  i am set2491 on steam , creator of millennium dawn , a mod that was on the workshop for quite some time now . 
  i have increasingly run into the problem of people taking my work ( the original i have favorited to show which is which here , it is the bottom left ) and just reuploading it . 
  i am getting tired of running copyright takedown notices - and those i file seem to not work . 
  i have no idea how to fix that problem , i would just like to ask the mod players out there to not give pirates a platform . 
  some people dont like the maymays :(, 
  any sandbox full loot game has the rule of not leaving base with anything you arent willing to lose , from rust/rok/albion / mo/darkfall etc, 
  people that bet their life savings on black on roulette have it coming , doing this in a game is no different . 
  shots at the box in the smoke , pretty sure pros dont randomly fire at the ground 2m infront of them then press space and have a headshot . 
  presumably the same as launching a rocket and landing it on the exact space they want to on the moon ? 
  economic migrants unwilling to apply through one of the 108 embassy australia has over the world try to sneak over by boat . 
  when caught they claim political assylum and are taken to a detention centre . 
  it takes a while to then verify that they are infact just que cutters and not a legitimate political refugee and during that time they cause a ruckus in the media . 
  most australians have empathy for people who are activly being killed by their government and as per signed conventions we will accept them . 
  what we dont like are liars and the burden they impose . 
  the argument is that the female who would be capable being # 1 takes up math or art instead because of social things like feelings and opinions and other such irrational things . 
  fuck her right in the pussy, 
  unbelievable jeff , the lore based rationale is great for telling a story but for competitive bloodbowl it 's undesirable to have an av7 ag2 lineman fodder . 
  cant dodge away on a 2 + like an elf , cant take a hit like an av8 zombie/human lineman . 
  in competitive games every player matters and the ease at which peasants are removed is too high of a price to pay . 
  missed the stream today ? 
  catch it here as well as https://www.twitch.tv/fashbinder_/v/88072359, 
  do you mean mohammed hussein obama ? 
  im sure glad that i dont smoke inside a bubble, 
  do you think someone who plays in the competitive ladder will play in col in season 2 or will they play in the competitive ladder again ? 
  if its the latter will the ability to transfer be irrelevant . 
  in its current format , do you think there is any difference between the two ladders at the moment aside from a ko at the end ? 
  not wanting to play against a farmed team sounds like something a competitive player would want . 
  there 's a league on offer for those who do n't . 
  let col be the fun league where people do whatever they want . 
  tv still ensures matches are still winnable for both coaches and if you go get + str on every player , you 'll be lacking other skills like block/tackle and probably lose . 
  i do not believe a cheated team with all level 7 players will be any different to play against than a legitimately earned team of level 7 players . 
  if the concern is the fan favourite prize being therefore worthless , i propose an alternative . 
  a gold glow around your coach name or a winners team emblem . 
  seems pretty simple and doesnt split the playerbase into two nearly identical leagues . 
  ahh , so the summary of the argument is some people might exploit the perpetual league . 
  i 'd argue that was already the case . 
  i recall at launch seeing 8-0 wins against all skink teams , a steam win trading group , a pile on fouler , and a player market exploit that allowed you to bring a cheated team to col. 
  there 's a mechanic every team can use to to deal with a superstar dancer/catcher , just do n't roll doubles when you do it !, 
  a cheated team does likely have a well built team with no injuries , but only for one match . 
  getting matched against someone an seeing their last 60 games were against the reikland reavers with a 2-0 scoreline with 0 blocks thrown would be similar to playing as amazons and getting paired up against a dwarf . 
  might be tough but you can always out play them or get lucky . 
  i think the summary my argument is , people could cheat some teams , so what . 
  there are tools and strategies to deal with it . 
  if it really really bothers you , concede or , spin with a team with 500 lower/higher tv , or foul his precious pixels and im sure he will concede immediately . 
  you are a hundred thousand times to more likely to get double sixes than you are to win the lotto . 
  i 'd say the kick was pretty stunning . 
  i have twice / u/tryphikik 's games and feel the same way . 
  it 's the same way us children are brainwashed with nationalism , pledge of allegiance etc as if they took time to think about it the war in 1776 was just treason to avoid taxes . 
  will be pretty sad when we colonize our first planet and need to transport minerals back to earth to stop global warming and the colonists dump it in the ocean .
