  i 've been the victim of affirmative action : s, 
  * slowclaps, 
  `` trump and i are good friends now '' would be grammatically correct . 
  `` not guilty and innocent are two different things . '', 
  - bill j adama, 
  need to stop giving click baiters the attention . 
  seriously , do console interacters really believe these things ? 
  i 'd like to know what the exploit is so i can decide how enraged to be . 
  swtor is pretty casual and the benefits will be capped in comparison to archeage , but id still like to know : <, 
  should just kill them all . 
  bonus : solves overpopulation for a few generations !, 
  with a honey in the middle and some lee-way, 
  australian comedy group ask americans about 9/11 . 
  it 's a horrible show . 
  he should give it a miss . 
  would n't have this problem with a pc . 
  over two thousand years . 
  13 tribes left kobol , one tribe was cylon that colonized earth . 
  made their own cylons got nuked . 
  final 5 escaped with resurrection . 
  traveled to the colonies to warn them , took 2000 years without ftl . 
  im sure you could buy outdated hardware , install a console os and play any game . 
  like all great things , it started off british , 
  did you get much use out of protecting people from battle/plots ? 
  so behind the sword quest , without a doubt the best event series in game ? 
  10/10 whoever took the time to add death prevention to every single instance your character dies in battle/plot is like , the best guy ever right ? 
  that shouldnt change . 
  giving someone protection adds a character flag . 
  when someone dies , there 's the standard death message but to each and every instance in the game a trigger was added that checks for the flag and removes it , giving the guy a cute message and letting him live . 
  tldr wont change plot difficulty/caught chance . 
  remember , if you become offended in real life , you will catch leprosy . 
  got banned from creepypms today for pointing out that attraction to a 16 year old is n't paedophilia . 
  the 194 iq reddit mod / u/jollysaur even refused to tip his hat afterwards . 
  there was a woman on the apprentice who became outraged when another person accused her of being hypocritical using the phrase ` thats the pot calling the kettle black '', 
  aboriginal infants in australia have a high std rate . 
  but it 's not for the white devil to interfere with other cultures !, 
  he was infering that due to a greater proportion of the population being black , its a greater issue . 
  good job being racist with your assumption :d, 
  someone sends you a message saying ` hey stevo42 im in your bedroom . 
  i like your pokemon sheets '' . 
  nailed it !, 
  if you 're worried about that , you have a shitty washer !, 
  a quick wiki search will sort it out for you !, 
  would you like a neck down picture album comprized of 50 images of females in bikinis , some of which will be 16 others will be 18 , and you will then determine their ages based on attractiveness . 
  you are though , because you will find a 16 year old 's body attractive . 
  fear in the mind is killer . 
  seek the truth !, 
  in australia , professional for the most part but will take any and every opportunity to take money from you . 
  roses are red, 
  violets are blue, 
  we 're having sex, 
  because im stronger than you, 
  did you use a sweet kiss tm on her ? 
  that 's the developers cop out when their poor quality port leads to lackluster sales . 
  watch launch day reviews/port reports and assess for yourself . 
  lets say an anti-muslim hitler type rises to power and the terrorists get their wish . 
  surely it would be an extermination ? 
  are they relying on western civility to not commit the genocide they would ? 
  forgotten ww2 already france ? 
  is the daluan sparrow a member of the hypocryptadius species ? 
  edit : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sparrow, 
  `` that hot cylon lady '' is also pretty good for those who have suffered head trauma and have forgot tricia helfer . 
  i think a dog with the ability to teleport makes more sense . 
  remember rome . 
  i liked bsg because it seemed plausable . 
  ftl travel and undetectable memory transfer on death were really the only stretch . 
  explaining the source religion and evolution was pretty neat too . 
  i did a bsg rewatch recently skipping the roslyn scenes . 
  did n't lose anything . 
  the charade is over . 
  didnt make it to level 10 :(, 
  so you 're saying it 's a black sparrow ? 
  surely we could just call it a sparrow , 
  masturbating 2 times a week ? 
  that would be cutting back drastically . 
  counterstrike is a pretty new game . 
  i remember just yesterday finishing halflife and finding out it was getting a multiplayer arena with objectives . 
  forgot to include / s. 
  i believe they 're called turks these days . 
  hello , i 'm ea developer fashbinder_pwn . 
  i would like to invite you all to play a demo of our upcomming fps . 
  the letter `` a '' represents an enemy 's head . 
  please click it when it appears next . 
  you are good at fps games . 
  anything from reputable sources ? 
  i heard in america there 's an entire network that has only black people . 
  sigh , going to lose 20 minutes of every single episode to marital drama and franks wife whining :(, 
  it will show us that they care and have identified the issue . 
  will also give us insight as to their resolve . 
  eg `` pretend it does n't exist and do nothing with the exception of biannual `` ban waves '' '' or if it 's a priority . 
  felt she had it comming and her actions were about redemption . 
  bear mccreary - gaetas lament, 
  not an anime fan either , i tried but i 've been spoiled by `` a scanner darkly '' and the death note, 
  capitalism, 
  mistake !, 
  intel is sorry !, 
  boobies as tanned as that have been out and about, 
  do n't forget that if you do drop a few hundred on the cash shop , someone else has downloaded a hack or abused an exploit to get 100 times what you have for $ 20 . 
  you know its a porno right ? 
  perfect thing to eat on an ottoman lounge .
