  s : no you listen, 
  m : no you trust me, 
  s : i have seen this before , you think you 're onto a truth that can save the world, 
  m : this could be their undoing, 
  s : will be your undoing, 
  m : this is everything i believe in, 
  s : you want to belive , so badly . 
  m : i do believe . 
  omaley is right , is conspiracy . 
  is conspiracy of men . 
  s : omaley is charming with charming bs, 
  m : he woke me up, 
  s : how do you know hes not playing you . 
  he player, 
  s : what are you talking about, 
  m : the truth is out there , omalley going to broadcast it . 
  s : listen as friend and doctor , you on dangerous ground . 
  m : i know what im doing . 
  im not convinced . 
  [ source ] ( https://youtu.be/fqy1gr_4ube?t=3m41s ), 
  are these guys in max security because of allegations ? 
  one guy since 2013 , not even guilty . 
  that woman is dead . 
  let me speak to your crazy . 
  going full circle , pretty soon the politically correct term will be nigger . 
  it 's common assault . 
  the unauthorized application of force . 
  when playing football/icehockey/paintball when you are on the field you are authorizing others to make contact with you in a manner specified by the rules . 
  off the field you are not . 
  as the shooter was 15 , no charges likely . 
  you have been banned from posting in / r/modnews . 
  rule 16b ( s1 ) : no posting of rules on days with 3 vowels in their name . 
  anyone who wears a hat like that goes down in one hit . 
  id like to see experienced captains encouraged to use their biggest ship as opposed to farming new players in their cutter . 
  open world should give more than the `` arena '' battles . 
  dirty treasonists the lot of them . 
  prisons should all have a gardening aspect to help local goods production . 
  could have fields of cotton and corn that prisoners tend to . 
  i would go to restaurants/cinemas/planes again if they had a similar policy . 
  [ amy schumer ] ( http://41.media.tumblr.com/981b9455b35ca551cbfd2227110b9da2/tumblr_mhgcs6ptmw1qgbu2uo1_1280.png ), 
  going to save this for the next reddit mod who bans me ; `` i know your name , your address and [ what you look like ] ( http://gfycat.com/frankdifferentandeancockoftherock ) '', 
  did you find the outfit while you were oot and aboot in old london town ? 
  no pc ? 
  a sad day indeed . 
  anything cool happen in port attacks ? 
  good rewards ? 
  capture the port ? 
  any time you say their names , any time you talk about what they do , they get slightly validated for existing . 
  but most of all , never say their names three times . 
  do n't think you need to worry about it , the colonies will be returned to the empire soon enough . 
   sounds like something the mods of any subreddit would do because they are very oppressive . 
  fify, 
  he 's not saying its ok , hes saying that one of the definitions of the charge is that the action would have to be `` shocking '' . 
  therefore for the allegation of that particular offence to be successful , they would have to prove it was . 
  likely will just be a different charge laid . 
  eg : common assault : the intentional application of force directly or indirectly . 
  throwing a rock at someone is intentional and directly . 
  guilty, 
  throwing rocks in a crowd would be intentional and indirect . 
  guilty, 
  throwing rocks in the ocean/pond with nobody in sight but hitting a scoober diver would be unintentional . 
  not guilty, 
  [ mfw i get banned ] ( http://gfycat.com/frankdifferentandeancockoftherock ) nsfw, 
  im not familiar with things outside . 
  the moral of the story is : if you are a qt , do n't put hot pictures on social media . 
  i much rather the content from your ` other ' reddit account . 
  coughbullshitcough, 
  must be one of those special schools that dont call the roll before every class ? 
  i find large breasted girls attractive , even if they 're underage . 
  first thing they did was go and get their own slave to chain up as they saw fit . 
  i agree completely . 
  i eat chicken , beef and lamb and its no problem . 
  i tie up dogs , cage chickens and enclose cows in pastures no problem . 
  do it to a human and people lose their shit . 
  time for the rise of uber ambulance . 
  you get it , its like the back of a police van , bleed , shit and vomit anywhere you want , just gets hosed out . 
  get taken to hospital . 
  surge pricing . 
  promise to keep it a secret . 
  capturing a trader , midshipman in a cutter comes along , starts laying into it with ball , does n't leave when asked . 
  will sink him . 
   i do n't know why i am being down voted ,, 
  because you talked about reddit upvotes like they mattered . 
  need banana for scale . 
  [ you can be a conservative and not be all those things . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/tberkue3az0?t=42s ), 
  weeell hillary clinton a bitch she 's a big fat bitch , she 's the biggest bitch in the whole wide world she 's a stupid bitch if there ever was a bitch , she 's a bitch to all the boys and girls, 
  on monday she 's a bitch , on tuesday she 's a bitch , on wednesday through saturday she 's a bitch , then on sunday just to be different she 's a super king kamaya-maya bee-atch !, 
  come on you all know the words !, 
  have you ever met hillary clinton she 's the biggest bitch in the whole wide world she 's a mean old bitch and she has stupid hair she 's a bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch she 's a stupid bitch !, 
  clintons a bitch and she 's just a dirty bitch !, 
  / r/showerthoughts if you ever die doing something stupid , people will think you deserve it and when they find out your ' e a donor , they decide to harvest you rather than try to save you . 
   she threatened to hit me, 
  a person who strikes , touches , or moves , or otherwise applies, 
  force of any kind to , the person of another , either directly or, 
  indirectly , without the other person 's consent , or with the, 
  other person 's consent if the consent is obtained by fraud , or, 
  who by any bodily act or gesture attempts or ** threatens to, 
  apply force of any kind to the person of another without the, 
  other person 's consent , under such circumstances that the,
