  please add :, 
  redditors blame the leader of a different government for this problem . 
  the sums, 
  downvote blackinija pls, 
  i 'm a little cynical , perhaps a coincidence ? 
  lol , i do jokes . 
  targs or blackfyres get blackfyre, 
  heartsbane for dynasty 296, 
  nightfall for dynasty 122, 
  ladyforn for 176, 
  redrain for 197 or 121, 
  crabspincer for 50, 
  everyone else gets generic swords . 
  cant remember what dynastys have those numbers , but available in mod/common/dynasties . 
  and remember , downvotes for blackninja , 
  blackninjas downvote bot is killing me !, 
  going to have to log in my mod account and sort you guys out :p, 
  imo it 's more the reddit users taking votes super seriously :p, 
  features :, 
  * troll specific users, 
  i am also awaiting a briefing from the fbi regarding criminals and terrorists using the usd to illegally launder and transfer money . 
  desensitization is the phrase . 
  look at enough rotten.com and blood gore and mutilations become disinteresting . 
  a friend in med school was constantly dry reaching whenever he had to interact with stool , his attending suggested watching an hour of two girls one cup daily . 
  it actually worked . 
  * strikes superior asshole *, 
  but , the map looks the same right ? 
  i remember seeing a lets play eu1 and seeing britain being an island to the north of france and spain south of that . 
  gosh :p, 
  there are two , just one device has two faucets . 
  i think alpha is a perfect opportunity to exploit anything and everything you can . 
  i 'd infact encourage such activity until it 's listed as a known bug and we 're informed not to as to prevent it from happening at launch . 
  i hate everyone on the eastern continent :@, 
  west side is the best side . 
  only looking at the bigger picture , a korean port means the content exists at launch and you 're 100 % not going to be bored with ` nothing to do ' at 50 in the first month . 
  the catch is as the dev team are just porting the korean version , the team is likely smaller and bugs may last longer . 
  it will be interesting to see how trion reacts and with what sort of speed . 
  the greatest shortcomming for `` some '' korean ported games is the na/eu devs are really just translating every korean patch as opposed to ` fixing ' things themselves . 
  i suspect that in alpha and beta there is n't much in the way of support staff to resolve tickets and i 'd guess the report bot feature would also create a ticket that there is nobody currently resolving . 
  someone died there . 
  portal , recall , stealth , glider . 
  this topic was actually thoroughly investigated and summarized in this short one minute video . 
  here is a mirror : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zbpvf7lqujo, 
  might be worth gooogling `` http proxy '' `` free http proxy list '', 
  i too used to play alot of rust : http://imgur.com/7d4clkd, 
  on topic : there are plenty of games available for those with time constraints , some games ( gw2 most recently ) create soft caps on productive play . 
  eg you can only mine x ore and y wood each day and most also have content restricted to ` dailies ' . 
  those are the games for people who have < 10h a week where they can log in and remain relevant . 
  i adored rust because there was no such restriction . 
  during farming runs i would often run past nearby bases and guage if anyone was home and amongst the group of 5 i played with , estimated their timezones/activity and strike . 
  alternately when a group was recruiting , a swift name change would result in infiltration . 
  the freedom to do whatever you want , whenever you want and actually have it mean something is seldom available in games these days because it will be unpopular for the majority . 
  rust is the 1 % niche game for those who want to no life it , for those who do n't , ( literally ) every other game on the market right now is for you . 
  ( * im liking archeage so far , can kill enemies for honor , can loot ` trade packs ' if they 're carrying it and radical versatility in how you actually play the game . 
  trade/crafting/pirating / mercs/pve are all viable and interesting and are diverse enough while requiring an investment so that you are n't arbitrarily maxing everything . 
  if you 're looking for a mechanical solution to drive down the probability you 'll be raided id suggest :, 
  * a successful anticheat ( unlikely ) or a premium server with facepunch approved/paid admins . 
  will reduce the likelyhood of mountain bases being esp 'd , or a guy with a p250 soloing your 10 friends . 
  * a larger generated worldmap ( soon ) tm - without vehicles in about 2 hours a single experienced player will be able to find any ` base ' in the resource spawning area that 's greater than 4 cubes . 
  the i used following techniques when joining a server with a `` 6x6 15 story metal base in rad town with 20 guys '' as fresh meat :, 
  * accept you will be raided, 
  * build ` main ' base outside of resource spawning area, 
  * have 1x1 's further away than main base with misc basic resources, 
  * get every recipe, 
  * when you have everything , get raided and then have nothing again , spend 1h gathering ( as you already have the research ) and you 'll have kev and an m4 . 
  go forth and get justice . 
  this bot sure schooled me alot !, 
  eli5 : why are there no `` no children '' restaurants ? 
  tbh it 's not your problem . 
  the head chef/owner decide if it 's worth their time and i assure you they are aware of the consequences of engaging in conversation rather than preparing meals . 
  i will wager $ 5 they show a gameplay clip where aiden uses the blackout hack and they dim/turn off lights at the same time irl . 
  it 's time for people to move on , native americans , african americans , australian aboriginies , jews , french people under caesar . 
  learn from the past , do n't live in it . 
  i swear to god i will murder the next person to post a hidden room/safe without revealing contents in initial post . 
  be warned : <, 
  more youtube censorship ? 
  irl that conversation should rightly have consequences , on the internet if someone is saying something you do n't like , or doing something you dont like press the x in the top right corner or use the ignore feature . 
  no need for a crusade . 
  edit : watched 10 mins worth of videos , they 're all brilliant . 
  the people getting `` trolled '' are clearly taking the game way too seriously . 
  it 's hilarious . 
  i lost it when he walked into someones bdsm ` farm ' and cut in . 
  what 's wrong with penises on sails ? 
  i do not carry such information in my mind since it is readily available in books . - einstein, 
  she 's collecting evidence . 
  `` the ps4 was a disaster '' - gaben, 
  eu4 's veritas mod has ` aristocrat power ' resulting in buffs/debuffs with their own risk reward . 
  aristocrats became too strong and usurped the throne from the plantagnets . 
  i was devo :(, 
  as well as its own version of overextension and such . 
  * enters mind vault * skulls ? 
  the scene with anders during getas coup where she was like `` so , i thought we could be together , but when you werent interested i thought it was me , but it makes sense now . '', 
  i was struggling to remember seeing them in a scene together before that :p, 
  mind vault fail :(, 
  can you post the rnw seed number ? 
  that looks sick . 
  im sick to death of island masses . 
  if playing on pc : does it play like a console port ( clunky menus , excessive aim assist ) ? 
  do the multiplayer invasions feel exciting and ` worth ' it after 5 + attempts ? 
  spoilers !!,
