  i witnessed fiction !, 
  better get out of here !, 
  might be time to siege back constantinople . 
  i went to thescepticscientists bakery yesterday and the bread was stale . 
  could you take reddit to court over that statement ? 
  my gripe is lack of stats and numbers . 
  `` reduces x damage '' `` increased y '' `` your melee ( not specifying melee or unarmed ) attacks penetrate some armor '', 
  need stats for all of these . 
  they 're just going to throw them at you :(, 
  they 're all border touching superior tech neighbours and conquest often results in culture/religion problems , but not france . 
  wait 18 seconds . 
  i think it 's time to liberate constantinople . 
  quality shitposts are always epic, 
  link plz, 
  looking at related videos on his channel , hes done it before . 
  is intentional for lolz . 
  put junk gun on deacon , load with 1000 baseballs . 
  do mission for institute to kill railroad people . 
  deacon will enter the hq as hostile . 
  can be a pretty good insta reload if anything else when at close range . 
  i do n't think its true . 
  it 's not hard to find someone willing to have sex for money . 
  google `` porn '' for proof . 
  why fight crimea on steppe terrain ? 
  why go to war with them when ottos have the enthusiasm to join them ? 
  when taking on someone allied to a great power , consider attacking one of their allies , occupying them . 
  peacing for an annul with the great power then chomping them 5 years later . 
  why kappa at the end ? 
  sodapoppin subs are 12 year old sweedish kids . 
  the cross is a sign used be the kkk so it must be racist . 
  forget the whole jesus thing . 
  any cross is racist right ? 
  giant padded bra, 
  can i get a link to the beheading video ? 
  pretty please ? 
  my son [ niggerfaggot ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g2ntbqbtgug ) also was refused by nutella, 
  could go on a playdate with my nephew basil, 
  curling ? 
  everything placed on the internet is there to be critiqued and criticized . 
  the diary under your bed is yours to keep . 
  could also put headphones on backwards to have sound obfuscated . 
  keying a car or getting in a fight at the pub , pyromaniac burning down a house , nothing to gain but it still happens . 
  what would it take ? 
  a 1m section removed by welder ? 
  pretty got to be able to record real life american police in action . 
  who said jehova ? 
  sauce please !, 
  i sold my bike because of that kind of thing . 
  was she the one who complained about an english boy telling her how much something weighed when she asked how much it costs ? 
  normal expansions are fine for more casual players , they can craft the 1-3 staple additions to their netdeck . 
  a $ 29 solo adventure cant be avoided by dust . 
  will depend if unity drop from size has a hardcap . 
  it 's been december 1st for 6.5 hours now !, 
  you could always just go and make some , 
  3pm cet is still over twenty four hours away !!!, 
  i liked the part where he put the ball into the hoop . 
  non american question : is n't las vegas an `` indian reserve '' in which they are given land and are untaxed ? 
  if shes ever failed to finish a shift before and it was recorded i think it could be lawful . 
  i thought it was a strike ? 
  december 2nd :(, 
  master of mint and trader advisor are triggers for an event that fires them for 100 adm 100 dip . 
  not too hard to do with towering income . 
  random new world and diplomatic feedback are the two elements im not sure i could recreate with a mod right now . 
  4th option : post picture on reddit then do nothing . 
  id keep the nobility for the modifier on high manpower provinces . 
  given the choice between $ 30ph and 7.80 ph which would you prefer ? 
  do stars really matter if the majority of ratings are adequate ? 
  reminds me of that time the us government killed firemen who went into the burning wtc on 9/11 . 
  a similar thing happened in australia with a home insulation scheme . 
  some pen pusher in an accounting office should n't go to jail because he says `` this is the most profitable action that the legal department is comfortable with '', 
  surely a cancelled ride indicates a problem passenger ( as no drive would intentionally lose money for no reason ) and the rating should be ignored ? 
  why have a rating system at all if 4 is effectively 1 ? 
  i think it is stated outright , but due to his download being from an old iteration it 's just the single day/s . 
  do n't forget the impossible pronoun !, 
  i hope you 're wrong , would hate to see another wibbly button plot . 
  the famous actor is always the murderer in midsummer murders . 
  i like dynamic nations for multiplayer . 
  less scripted shennannigans , no status quo . 
  about as legally culpable as bp was . 
  surely your kind is use to dirt and filth everwhere and well and truely capable of dealing with eyesores ? 
  the same way bp `` killed '' oil rig workers doing work they signed up for . 
  or the [ australian government ] ( http://theconversation.com/royal-commission-says-insulation-deaths-were-fault-of-the-governments-program-31113 ) . 
  remember , revoking land and causing a rebellion adds the -100 unrest modifier , placing a death stack on the province before revoking allows for an easy battle and allows you to dodge the annoying `` wait for separatists/nationalists '' minigame . 
  sometimes people die , most of the time in hindsight their deaths could have been avoided . 
  do n't need to put someone in jail when it happens . 
  pretty sick burn on those who died actually ending the war . 
  will be amazing when a bloodhound tracks a group of soldiers and gets them killed because of gender too !, 
  more cheese and pepperoni on your face than the last pizza i ate . 
  should give access to people who play paradox gsgs rather than guys like this . 
  what if instead it said :, 
  `` make x the dominant culture '', 
  `` make y the dominant religion '', 
  would there still be this level of insanity ? 
  always take + loyalty event . 
  take nobility over others . 
  if still in trouble , revoke 100 % of the estates , loyalty will fall to 0 then reassign, 
  fuck , going to need to redo this forehead tatoo . 
  respond with `` nah , terrorism only effects non primitives '', 
  do you also know where this reagan fellow lives ? 
  nub kills and raids are different things .
