  hi im from 2023 and have no idea what this $ symbol means ? 
  did you mean it 's 0.000003 btc per gigabyte ? 
  same reason gym 's tell you how to reach your workout goals . 
  but is he really ? 
  he thinks he has a twin but it 's really him the whole time !, 
  hes at her house on speaker !, 
  very useful imo !, 
  i blame ford when people drink drive and guns when people shoot eachother . 
  not sure the greatest empire in human history is comparable to a video game . 
  legend in beta , never sub 10 in live . 
  just dont care :(, 
  conservative redditors do n't visit / r/australia, 
  not meaning to imply that you are , but i always imagined the ` gold digger ' type or even the ' i want full custody and you to pay for everything i want ' type separations would be more economically efficient for one spouse to kill the other . 
  was it a financial thing or just crazy crazy ? 
  if you do n't want police to taze your eight year old , do n't call the police when your eight year old threatens to kill herself with a knife ? 
  kill people and take their packs/fish . 
  real grown ups are n't concerned with nudity . 
  try and get them girlfriends . 
  same reasons companies list for sub par females . 
  i usually play a brown orc when wanting to rp a black guy . 
  gets the flared nostrils and large lips and more realistic hair options . 
  admirable is the best !, 
  such admiration many love, 
  some people are average joes , other 's check quite a few boxes on the sociopath test . 
  the latter would n't be bothered . 
  op please update with purchase method :(, 
  i never understood why baltar had to break the detector . 
  surely he could have just fudged it for boomers result . 
  told her negative , fixed it and showed someone . 
  from memory i recall him talking to head 6 saying `` this will take a long time '' and seemed relieved to be doing nothing for the remainder of his days . 
  baltar being selfish , may have indulged in that . 
  star and crescent + purple phoenix for nifty events . 
  pretty sweet ideas , surrounded by monsters . 
  nice try jake, 
  did you remember your sex-ed training ? 
  `` the man gently places his penis into the womans vagina . '', 
  these are some words of wisdom . 
  hodor, 
  regrettably to be selected you need to be the type of person who is easily amused , a swing voter , someone who moves their lips when they read and often vocalize inconsequential thoughts . 
  no , its just a statistical probability . 
  i will not watch those two tournaments . 
  gardener 's multi intelligence test is frequently used also . 
  it gives a fantastic explanation for the greation of cylon consciousness , their monotheism , resurrection and a little immersion into colonial life . 
  regretably there 's alot of drama fluff to appeal to the masses . 
  `` fracking dirt eaters '', 
  tldr will just replace germany.tga locally, 
  do n't forget the atrocities of the great american treason of 1776 . 
  a sad day when englishmen kill other englishmen . 
  started ww2 . 
  cant believe theres no english link : /, 
  many have time when google translate page , has it lost meaning when translation . 
  i am left handed and i find it really difficult to draw cards when they are on the right side of the screen . 
  i would really appreciated blizzard adding left handed mode . 
  thanks in advance . 
  i have a shy elbow , it goes red and gets embarassed . 
  check existing government type localizations . 
  its been a while but adding government_title ; skjdfnksjdnf government_desc ; akjsdhnaksjdnd government_name ; akjsldkasjd or something to that effect . 
  the man gently places his penis in the womans vagina - 5th grade biology book, 
  as a pragmatist i read that on average it takes $ 10,000 to get someone killed . 
  nice try henry plantangent, 
  whats my age again ? 
  some crack head would accept a few hundred , a more professional $ 40,000 . 
  i ate alone , it was fried rice night, 
  i went out , and did the gangnum dance but everyone made fun of me . 
  and thats about the time i wished i was not chinee, 
  so , which one is the black one ? 
  oh really ? 
  how many generations ago were people slaves ? 
  i should have the same distrust towards the crown because my great great great grandfather was a persecuted potato eater . 
  ck2 = how can i win with the following x mechanics at my disposal . 
  any of them can be effective . 
  eu4 = im going to win but the following x mechanics are going to slow me down . 
  hoi3 = stratergy game . 
  australian labour party did that with a trillion dollar economy . 
  not all white separatists are white supremacists . 
  i remember asking about this in 2012 . 
  was it ever a thing ? 
  suprized he did n't just delete the entire subreddit . 
  can confirm : do n't have children , do n't know any of the names . 
  plebs yoloswag240madlife u mad, 
  there 's a reasonable rome mod for eu4 , it 's not the same though . 
  shame tw rome was a joke . 
   up until the trial i thought that altar was a traitorous scumbag, 
  gaius : ( to mother ) oh this sweet child this ... ? 
  mother : gaius, 
  gaius : im flattered to ... 
  mother : after his father, 
  gaius : have the same name as his father . 
  i 've seen her boobies, 
  i clicked the 4th one . 
  nfsw, 
  just dont have any people in your life , wake up , work , reddit and repeat . 
  it would be safe to assume so , did n't see the movie . 
  either that or both her knees were itchy . 
  would be cool if i knew what bearish and bullish meant :(, 
  yarrr would n't buy a civ game after the disgraceful state it was launched in . 
  yarrr got ta get it elsewhere . 
  me heartys i would n't play it if i could download it for free . 
  try to evade police , try to run on foot , i cant breathe !!!, 
  get put in police car , kick police car doors , `` i cant breathe ! '',
