  i 'm a pragmatist . 
  i think we should move to a website that allows the community to decide if a post is worthy through some kind of voting system . 
  vote yes and it rises to the top of the page , vote no and it disappears . 
  should call the site `` readthat '' or something similar . 
  more succinct , call it reddit !, 
  if you do n't want north korean style censorship . 
  / r/starcitizenmasterrace, 
  for the first time since 1.2 i did a hyw today in 1.7 . 
  bearn strat still works fine . 
  6 mercs and your starting troops in three stacks , one in bearn two behind in navara/aragon . 
  ai often attritions itself to death . 
  holding it proves more difficult , as the independence wars are much more frequent . 
  i had the misfortune of the 0/0/0 king living to 70 and my military tech is behind . 
  btcmarkets.net will give you aud for ltc into your bank . 
  ( dont know of any other means ), 
  elvis was pretty raunchy too . 
  damn that guy !, 
  i thought they were only for ugly people trying to create missdireciton . 
  i remember when france helped english rebels kill other englishmen in 1776 . 
  no circlejerk , but i do n't see the difference . 
  pizza hut will also accept litecoin this decade . 
  source = nda, 
  lee was super weaksauce betraying sol during the roslyn arrest . 
  be lee, 
  pull gun on sol, 
  get told not to, 
  put away gun, 
  get arrested, 
  james callis the accent master . 
  political protests , rallys and parades are really just inconveniences for those who do n't care . 
  i think in this modern day those things should happen on an oval or park , not on the road . 
  scumbag moderators ;(, 
  was it because the ayrian race is the master race ? 
  if so +1 lol, 
  fuck off you too lazy to google what an arab is and also islamic law idiot, 
  as an australian with very little experience with any kind of gun , surely not squeezing the trigger while looking at the barrel is something high on the priority list ? 
  like , just do n't pull the trigger and its sweet . 
  there 's a guy with a disability who always wants his food order to be $ 25 . 
  every day he buys food , every day lesser managers try to explain that there 's nothing on the menu to add to his 24 . xx order to make it 25 . 
  fashbinder_pwn sees him , walks to counter , takes order . 
  `` $ 25 dollars sir . 
  here 's 20c change . '', 
  do you also think you should read up on miley cyrus 's latest fashion tips or do you think the plebeian masses can stick to their low brow entertainment while the nobility continue with persuits of the mind . 
  totally a man crush . 
  he did a strong american doctor in eureka ( also includes a nod to bsg ) the aralon accent in merlin and the book of beasts . 
  in his midsommer murders he played his identical twin with radically different personalities , was a treat to see him acting against himself . 
  theres also a few `` meet persuit delange '' where hes classic baltar but the kickstarter failed so we only have samples :(, 
  i like how you said `` if there really is an agenda '', 
  saw a girl dressed as lisa arryn , pointy nose , gross teeth and a little crazy . 
  said she was spot on . 
  she picked up a nearby table , flipped it and screamed `` im sansa !, 
  it 's also included in a trial by court localization . 
  i also used the word calmly to describe appealing women . 
  simply as a nod to the books . 
  so thats why im single ;p, 
  you 're spot on with that description . 
  the only other show i could compare it to was hbo 's rome . 
  i think aegicat is talking about ellen smith from tauron , non final five ellen was just a drunken ( dinner with lee ) manipulative ( when com adama was not in command/coup ) selfish ( new caprica ) whore ( fracked every guy in the fleet figurativly ) . 
  her transformation came from something comparable to a brain transplant , not self improvement . 
  after much consideration , i think i would sever a finger to see it . 
  ive seen the pilot and loved it , had no idea what the cogs turning premonitions were about until then end . 
  penny drops , was epic . 
  would kickstart . 
  i find remaining single forever allows one to avoid these sorts of situations . 
  plot twist , op 's name is peter hitler, 
  hi mom !, 
  does n't live in an allowed region . 
  seems pretty clear . 
  i for one would n't have minded one that said master race . 
  i designed something like this . . http://imgur.com/vcpolw8, 
  * jokes < 3 *, 
  agreed . 
  while i sub here , i seldom click a link with the exception of posts like these so i can make comments similar to yours . 
  would like mods to adopt an askreddit style ` if the answer is easily googled , it does n't belong here ' degenerate filter . 
  if he keeps going down the highway like that , he 'll end up in a great ball of fire . 
  he 's dangerous and i 've lost the love for that feeling . 
  i think you 'll find in that period , they were pre-treason englishmen . 
  america !, 
  i think that 's a bit unfair for white supremacists . 
  admirable has mastered every facet of the game an is quite admirable . 
  roses are red, 
  violets are blue, 
  we 're having sex, 
  because im stronger than you, 
  if you do n't want to be punched in the face , do n't spit on police . 
  99 % of `` police did x to me '' reddit posts are generally undone when you read more than the title . 
  the front page post about police punching a restrained guy . 
  i laugh and think `` well , do n't spit on police and you wont be punched . '', 
  i found no such undoing in your story . 
  do you think a 12 year k9 handler , 2 year instructor does n't love dogs ? 
  had the madman who was shooting at police entered your home , would you want the swat team to enter your property if they believed he was there ? 
  sorry for being devils advocate :(, 
  warning to kerb expansion . 
  guarantee to protect . 
  death only matters if carrying a pack/fish . 
  i think jail should only be for violent people or repeat offenders . 
  if an unexpected light shining is terrifying , what is an engine exploding ? 
  are there special pilots that do n't require the ability to land using instruments alone ? 
  fight club 2014 . 
  it 's happening,
