  they both use grand fictions `` build a wall and make mexico pay '' `` im the smartest person on the planet '', 
  it 's just clickbait irl . 
  the salvos support all people , but wont support a group that only seeks to benefit a specific group . 
  eg wont support tall people only groups . 
  the author was grasping at the insinuation that the support was withheld because of the stigma of all catholics being homophobes but i think it was because all members of this new group would have got their help anyway had they not sought their own umbrella . 
  i remember reading about the bullied kid , its because of illeducation . 
  being called a name is something you have to deal with as a kid and as an adult , little empathy there as it 's subjective and not illegal and impossible to enforce , being hit in the face with a pole is a crime that can and is enforcable and in this instance if not for gross negligance it would have been . 
  fat kids will get picked on more than skinny kids , short kids get picked on more than tall kids and as the article states homosexual kids get picked on more than hetro kids . 
  dont need to go around creating special groups for each category . 
  illuminati confirmed, 
  i think to have such a knee jerk reaction to a word is a bit niggardly . 
  what if there was a way you could vote on posts if you thought they were quality submissions or not . 
  things getting lots of these positive votes would go to the top and the ones getting negative votes would go down . 
  not sure how that could every be implimented though residentsleeper, 
  as long as it isnt final fantasy or hearthstone pogchamp, 
  zero dank thirty was one of the most glorious moments in gaming of our generation . 
  probably empathy, 
  memba when the mafia betrayed you ? 
  did harkdan really pay over 1k for destiny to play hearthstone ? 
  dayum , banning search engines . 
  google next ? 
  are you kidding ? 
  nathan expansion is shit just some squeaker thinking its funny to backstab in minecraft . 
  im going to wait for steve bonell iii . 
  tldr : nathan is shit , steven iii is the one to wait for . 
  ps dont contact me or my son again, 
  reckon kids are taught the ciminal code in highschool ? 
  i sure was n't . 
  every non allied country should try to influence american elections as its in their best interest . 
  memba x-wings ? 
  memba tie fighters and the separate and completely different starship vader used , the tie advanced ? 
  someone who kills another player in gta . 
  a synonym for player . 
  you just killed some new guy flying his hydra in peace . 
  you can tell because he was flying in a perfectly strait line when locked and fired . 
  i too found turf wars to be amazing . 
  id like to use destiny.gg chat but there 's no lemmiwinks , diced , clipperz , pacjax or cute_sc2 . 
  would be nice to leave and avoid that cunt amirasc though . 
  and her name is john cena, 
  milk jugs , big breasts , shoulder boulders on your chest . 
   the aliens were fun, 
  the guy who had a gun in an unusual spot when wearing a suit with many pockets . 
  i thought the twist was going to be him realising he was controlling her life with the gem subconsciously and that none of her actions were hers . 
  new companion seems to be the dumbass/bogan type like donna , a fair break from the qitty/clever martha/clara but just seems super annoying in the trailers . 
  personal preference but without david tennant and with an annoying companion im worried . 
  [ it 's 100 % bulma from dragonball ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/51/80/b6/5180b6e09dc005828ea86d33412b0a00.jpg ), 
   law says it 's mandatory for the offense . 
  there is no law that stipulates `` suspend kid from school '', 
  school rules and law are completely different things . 
  wow , not including ftl and rimworld . 
  there were some curiosities about my last ftl run though . 
  you just sexually harassed a woman . 
  sounds like you 're advocating for a problem to persist rather than to solve it . 
  what about in the past 100 years ? 
  was anyone alive today who 's a citizen of a western country ever enslaved ? 
  if no , slavery is as relevant to them as it was to my irish ancestors who were persecuted by those protestants or the < 8 % of me that is somehow related to ghengis khan . 
  the betrayal of the golden horde stings deep and is the cause of much turmoil in my life . 
   i know that the mods are just volunteers ,, 
  sad neckbeards who masturbate while pressing buttons, 
  are you going to do it ? 
  yes but im doing it to pictures of naked girls as opposed to a button that says ban . 
  i think its because he believes that that person had little comprehension about what it was like to be a member of the lowest socioeconomic group . 
  you can rotate your head horizontally on its vertical axis . 
   in germany politicians come up with strange ideas all the time, 
  who was that guy that made it illegal to torture animals ? 
  she has two degrees , both in finance . 
  if people like you listened she wouldnt be repeating shit so often . 
  ikr , didnt even get banned or called a cuck retard, 
  its common knowlege . 
   has accepted multiple payments ... . . for public speeches, 
  this is bad right ? 
  and you dont want someone on the take from third parties representing the people right ? 
  i dunno , they have the same complexion , hair color and eye color . 
  good enough for me . 
  and his name is john cena !, 
   third wave feminism . 
  the actions those who have majored in gender or womens studies participate in to rationalise their degree after realising they already have legal equality . 
  feminism is the persuit of legal equality for women . 
   they do n't have to pay them and people are pissed . 
  they get paid , just not as much as they feel they 're entitled to . 
  ty love you buddy, 
  think about how cool ie could have been if police cars had a vigilante mode where you could fire something at a car to disable the engine for 10 seconds . 
  i thought conspiracy theorys were things that didnt have concrete evidence because if they did they 'd be called fact . 
  one time i stole an ice block from a supermarket . 
  and some looting for tvs, 
  was the dumbest thing i ever did , was 14 and had no money . 
  regret it to this day . 
  ohh , in australia we call frozen icecreams on a stick , ice blocks . 
  was quite suprized when i googled ice blocks they were just pictures of blocks of ice and not the food kind . 
  what crimes do you recommend committing ? 
  pftt , i wouldnt even notice 250k, 
  i reckon it will be ice , but he will be the victim and the murderer . 
  this is a nice meme, 
  for real ? 
  photoshopping your head into a picture is not some heinous offence ? 
  his name was seth rich . 
  if it was a male , would it be sexual harassment ? 
  what if it was a flamboyant lesbian ? 
  what if when asked for his name , a man replied to a woman `` hugh mungus '' ? 
  1/3 and you got 40 % ?
