  prerequisites = {, 
  not = { num_of_cities = 2 }, 
  not = { num_of_ports = 2 }, 
  num_of_ports = 1, 
  is_revolution_target = no, 
  war_goal = annex_country, 
  there was a cool devices episode featuring a female singer . 
  would 10/10 see a remake with her . 
  it 's been predicted . 
  how much is the wedding going to cost ? 
  about tree fiddy ? 
  you could just screenprint and save it to your desktop !, 
  cant wait for them to take on tactical battles , thus ending the tw franchise and ca as a company . 
  if you 're not very good you are also ruining the game for others /, 
  in magicka , having manna makes sense !, 
  id buy anything natalie dormer has touched . 
  you know that scene from hannibal where the fbi guy gets his brain cut open and his brains cooked and eaten ? 
  i do the same thing to cows and pigs with other parts of their body . 
  in the same way ancient rome is alive today through common law as well as social behaviours . 
  the same way america and canada have nothing to do with eachother . 
  children are really beginning to piss me off . 
  reach into the center console , grab a handful of coins and start throwing them at em . 
  in my game , the cars would all go up and around before resuming in the same direction on the same road . 
  if you have 4 in your 20 stack , opponents will only see 16 units in your stack . 
  i 'm too gross for / r/wtf, 
  you 're using that word wrong . 
  sick burn panda raper, 
  i wish posts like this included a countdown timer or even a timezone :(, 
  it was literally done by moving the culture to the `` playable '' tab . 
  in spite of being identical to rome , ca have prevented us from doing the same thing in attila . 
  i can already add guerrila deployment to any unit . 
  i can add new units . 
  i can add stats to buildings , i can change general upgrade perks stats . 
  just by moving numbers around in an editor . 
  the tldr is `` i sucked some dick '', 
  i have 50 hours in under a month . 
  have t10 tech unlocked and am already becoming frustrated with incompetent people , art bots and how games are lost with sneaky backdoor captures . 
  i cant wait for a more competitive game mode where im matched with those with the same desire to win with competence . 
  i sooooo do . 
  i was just going about my business and then like a lightning bolt `` oshit i can get the main version of internet points and not the comment internet points for this '', 
  you could also move the celtic cultures to the playable tab , add a bonus to a few buildings and add the guerrilla deployment to some units . 
  were you the guy who was playing for magicamy ? 
  there 's this one exceptionally lazy , incompetent guy at work that does the absolute bare minimum in everything . 
  reminds me of tw . 
  i 'm suprized the tactical battles have n't been turned into qte 's . 
  i 've got no idea who the goode 's are , except for johnny b. 
  / u/toccs is the man to ask for most lore related stuff :p, 
  eu4 is pretty solid . 
  but they put effort into it . 
  this is an unpopular opinion . 
  we are the apex predator . 
  i will kill that shark , eat its flesh and then destroy its home . 
  `` it was just some kisses '', 
  i hate you matt, 
  are we all 12 years old ? 
  surely we can decide for ourselves if content is to be believed or not . 
  sounds like treason to me, 
  some female twitch channels are run and monetized in the same way cam girl sites are . 
  this however does not effect me as i can leave and view another stream whenever i want . 
  those viewers are n't after gameplay anyway . 
  do n't need to exert your will upon others . 
  other people doing something that does n't effect you should n't matter to you . 
  i find when i do leave to resource , if i pick up berries they sustain me . 
  i still think wells and windmills are worthless . 
  nobody ever said they were competent . 
  every game company since 2006 has alleged a ddos when someone does something stupid on their end . 
  11336654433221 twinkle twinkle, 
  1121431121541187665776234 happy birthday, 
  pretty sure i saw this on the simpsons . 
  good contribution . 
  fools and their money are easily parted . 
  i cant wait for this to be released on pc in 2031, 
  do you think they might also reduce the cost based on ethnicity ? 
  admirable added me in beta , he will forever be my boo !, 
  can you make some posts on / r/gonewild ? 
  i would give you my internet points amongst other things . 
  closing the door and waiting is a rational action . 
  you do n't fight with honour !, 
  i try to play the race card all the time , but i 'm a white male so nobody cares . 
  israel should return the land , to either england or france , or perhaps the senate and people of rome , or the ptolemys or perhaps greece . 
  edit : / s, 
  tell her to call people a nazi and if they ask any questions at all or even try to respond in any manner , tell her to widen her eyes and say in a suprized voice `` are you an anti semmite ? '', 
  then if they do anything other than leave the room , tell her to storm out saying `` i cant believe you 're a holocaust denier ! '', 
  i was mocking the concept of giving back land . 
  i like her in chicago pd but every time shes on the screen i start to daydream about what our life together would be like and miss the plot . 
  tbh when i raid i dont really care about the 50 flax and wood in the chests , i want the blocks . 
  treb shots just need to be more expensive . 
  naturally on a 30 pop server it will be harder for amass stone than on a < 10 pop one . 
  ive been hearing forever that trebs are supposed to have a `` long '' setup time . 
  this will change the dynamic . 
  it was just some kisses !, 
  there 's a 50 % chance of you winning the lottery every time you enter . 
  you win it or you dont . 
  / u/trollabot fashbinder_pwn, 
  have you got a color picked out already ? 
  / u/trollabot blackninja9939, 
  kill him and take it back !, 
  nah , the event adds a character flag to the guy and removes it , then at the top of death inheritance before anything else it checks if it had that flag within a year . 
  if true , sword is yours , unless of course blackninja has broken it . 
  sounds like / u/blackninja9939 broke it or you did n't get to him within a year .
