  i would show her/you a formal night on the cornfields . 
  i really liked your performance in the twilight series and harry potter , how is it transitioning from mainstream film making to streaming video games in your house ? 
  seems legit !, 
  this is the subreddit for those who play the game of thrones mod for the game crusader kings 2 . 
  official forum, 
  download the mod, 
  fashbinder 's handy guide, 
  the last link is the best link !, 
  you should probably try to commit some treason , break an oath or start another war if you want to rp a stark , 
  any preson who owns d_nightswatch or one of the three countys on the wall can currently build towers . 
  if you own the county/dutchy title , there will be no shenannigans . 
  ahh snap , appears as if there is a k_knights watch , d_wall under it and titular d_nightswatch . 
  will have to ask knuckey what 's going on there :p, 
  you , more !, 
  taxing you 10 btc for that downvote !, 
  i was 26 she was 21 , i indicated that a course of action would be irresponsible , she replied `` well perhaps people in your generation think that . '', 
  the same thing happened to jim jefferys , legit right ? 
  did n't look at the picture . 
  read story as `` man finds dog , is very happy , vet sneaks past and adopts the dog for himself '', 
  formation pullo !, 
  he worships dogs and reptiles . 
  he blackens his eyes with soot like a prostitute . 
  he dances and plays the cymbals in vile nilotic rites . 
  irl i 've started using the phrase `` it would be like chasing a black dog in the night '' to describe something difficult . 
  im going to drink all their wine , smoke all their smoke and fuck every whore in the city !, 
  would be like calling every german a nazi , or every muslim a terrorist . 
  terrorists call themselves muslims and nazis called themselves germans . 
  you mean i 'll live forever ? 
  oh . . my name :(, 
  paradox posted something a while back about why they did n't do stuff with boats on their forums . 
  it 's not something we can mod with elegance . 
  eu4 for your boat fettish . 
  it 's the greatest show on television at the moment . 
  but for real , i have to mute the overly loud percussion , it often sounds like a high school drum class with ten people learning to play at the same time . 
  it is , hands down , the only facet of the show i dislike . 
  i would contract hannibal to `` meet '' whichever producer thought it was a good idea . 
  oh , you want to change your channel package ? 
  that was rude mr funkengruven . 
  im curious , where do you live ? 
  i 'll cook you up ... something special . 
  roses are red ,, 
  violets are blue ,, 
  we 're having sex ,, 
  because im faster than you . 
  pantheon : i 've been blocking turrets forever !, 
  console use ! = custom modding, 
  is n't that what co-signing is , saying i will take responsibility for the debt if signee does n't pay ? 
  i think offering omerta was a mistake as it reminds people that the company is affiliated with the `` game '' . 
  tbh i see research renamed to eras , and the us/ussr renamed to crown during colonial era . 
  the rest is tropico 4 . 
  i wont be buying it unless the reviews are to the moon . 
  i liked the part where his wife died . 
  i heard it was being made for the sega master system . 
  it seems to have day 1 dlc . 
  i 've found that games that adopt this policy are generally going to be moneygrabs so i 'll have to give it a pass . 
  did you do this after you finished working in the fields for the day ? 
  day one dlc that offers mechanical advantage that everyone would prefer to have if they owned the game . 
  i personally think it 's a sign of a poor product . 
  companies like paradox plaza ( eu4/ck2 ) offer cosmetic dlc like unit sprites or extra songs . 
  if it were an mmo there would be outrage calling it `` pay to win '', 
  so you have to wonder is the game balanced around someone having that extra battery/extra stat . 
  will there be missions that require x battery bars to complete a super cool hack that chains with another but you can only do it with the extra bar from the dlc ? 
  tldr : i see day one dlc that adds content ( not cosmetics ) as the devs saying `` our product is rubbish , nobody will buy dlc a month after launch , better sell it now . '', 
  sounds like euw tribunal is as stable as the servers !, 
  til 10.5 % of white people use drugs !, 
  right ? 
  how can she be your mom if she 's my aunt . 
  she cant be both !, 
  i heard the tooth fairy hates black people . 
  source : i once had to explain to a black guy what the tooth fairy was , he was 22 and from a poor family . 
  when they start to speak loudly/yell or act offended when asked a probing question . 
  just walk away . 
  postin on reddit is a lot like asking my wife for sex , no matter how good you think your post was , it 's 50/50 for mass upvotes or downvotes . 
  it 's a sure fire way to get her to love you . 
  tyrion killed a dragon once , a 0.01 % chance of happening . 
  you are just unlucky sir !, 
  can you land the guy and get his merc company for cheap ? 
  going to make a game and release it on steam . 
  i 'll call it reddit man . 
  the game is , i create a sub , those who buy the game get the sub address and you wait for me to post something . 
  91/100 metacritic for sure !, 
  will partner with the creators of evopollution as they are the dominant force in this niche market . 
  the game relies on preemptively knowing the mobs and bosses animations and cycles . 
  it 's equilivant to asking a player to guess a number between one and ten , you hallow every time you do n't guess right . 
  do you even lift ? 
  i bench ten fanboys . 
  once bitten twice shy !, 
  so true . 
  never buying an ea/dice or creative assembly game < 3, 
  pretty sure you just took a picture of an asian at a food court and are being racist !, 
  this video should help you make up your mind about dark souls . 
  you 're ten racist people !, 
  our statements have equal substance and accuracy . 
  you 're ten eleven year olds !, 
  you prove you 're not from the moon . 
  can i have her number ? 
  bmxing is n't cool, 
  kim jong un 's wisdom and strategy can not be questioned or judged by lesser minds like ourselves . 
  greetings , i am arch-angel fashbinder , i 've never owned a console and know very little about them . 
  i similarly know very little about the flavour of fecies and other excrement .
