  it will only fail if they are a bad steward/incompetent . 
  the companions recap should indicate what he approved or disapproved of . 
  iirc the sailor is underwhelmed when you have a small boat . 
  the duel is a standard duel engine duel . 
  info in the mechanics guide at the top of the sub . 
  i do n't think i added any 0 factor multiplications . 
  so while you might have got * 2 approval for the pirates and * 2 approval for the snakes resulting in a 80/20 chance , lady luck may not be with you . 
  thank you jesus i knew you existed !, 
  many many times, 
  a rome 1 graphical update with competent ai . 
  when chancellors sister shows off her skills for the first time , i watched the whole season that night . 
  forget netflix , get your hands on hbo 's rome . 
  / r/greatapes is an amazing sub !, 
  explody sheep, 
  i have an ethical objection to soul-less people playing cancer decks, 
  because brutus is an honorable man !, 
  events/wikid . txt for the script if you want to take a gander . 
  need a hand with anything ? 
  i did n't click the link but im gon na guess the tldr is `` never speak to police '' . 
  decline to answer any question . 
  there was a bit of controversy regarding rome and game of thrones . 
  purefoy was outraged . 
  i 've been a sub for years now and ca n't recall off the top of my head any instance tb has expressed political views . 
  ahh cheers , im as bad as strife :(, 
  played vanilla wow around the same time as lineage 2 and some smaug muds . 
  wow never grabbed me because death was meaningless . 
  i think its why eve , rust and dayz are popular . 
  the mmo that achieves this will be the long awaited ` wow killer ' . 
  if all other presidents had been black , obama would have been the first white president . 
  fixed :, 
  just switched over to pc gaming from a long time peasant and god damn ultra looks beautiful ( far cry 4 ), 
  im no plane person and even i know the fast jumbo is a concord . 
  as a professional video analyst , can i have a link to the video . 
  in return i can ascertain her intent . 
  shes not even imaginary, 
  the concept is obscene . 
  nobody would tolerate someone being banned from swimming or running . 
  i 'm too mad clara isnt dead to think upon any of this : '' (, 
  everyone knows mr popo cant turn into a supersaiyan . 
  as a nigerian prince , i am very trustworthy . 
  80 days is what the telltale series should emulate . 
  instead of being a video with a failure state . 
  fapped anyway, 
  any kind of shaman windfury provider . 
  lol wrecked, 
  mechanics guide linked on this sub should help . 
  swords do n't stack . 
  sworda, 
  swordb, 
  swordc etc, 
  link this to / r/greatapes for some sweet sweet supremacist karma, 
  til : any cylinder is a penis . 
  this is the second most niggardly thing i have ever read . 
  therapists penetrate people without consent . 
  [ context ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/controversies_about_the_word_%22niggardly%22 ), 
  ahh , missed it by ` that ' much . 
  get free promotion for charity stream . 
  scumbag picture, 
  complain about it, 
  why is anyone on twitter : s, 
  i think you should march [ down the streets ] ( http://www.ibiblio.org/hyperwar/usa/usa-e-xchannel/img/usa-e-xchannel-13.jpg ) , interlock your arms and even take a bullet if you have to !, 
  i love bavarian cheesecake !, 
  i support you separation from israel !, 
  ** who wants to be a millionaire ? 
  which ethnic group represents a small portion of the population but a large portion of the prision population while also alleging there is inherent racism in the law and demanding land where they can live , garnishing all the rights of the country but none of the responsibility . 
  a : australian aborigines, 
  b : american indians, 
  c : african americans, 
  there 's no way someone would ever make up a story to achieve fame/money ? 
  / u/pcpcy convicted of war crimes in ww1 . 
  disclaimer : / u/pcpcy was not involved in ww1 . 
  grats / u/reonhato99 this is the sickest burn ive seen since i saw two guys fighting over uranium, 
  rome and game of thrones are its only peers . 
  17th precinct pilot was also epic , with some familiar faces too !, 
  need trevor chan to run the econ :p, 
  at least shes not on twitch, 
  i woke up today with a headache , fucking abbot !, 
  i joined stormfront.org when i was 15 ( 2000 ) :(, 
  i would kill someone if they tried to take half my stuff . 
  disclaimer : am single, 
   ( he was my downstairs neighbor ), 
  try dropping coins on a hardwood floor . 
  the guy above me does it daily . 
  its loud as fuck . 
  he says the dumbest stuff tho :(, 
  people are scared of everything you say that isnt entirely `` bitcoin is great !, 
  best ever such wow ! '', 
  berta lovejoy here , i am disgusted by the ... no i cant do it ... :p, 
  can i have some pics of the sister ? 
  i would show your sister a formal night on the cornfields . 
  extacy is everything you 've ever heard and more, 
  i was really really high ( e/gas ) so i 'm not too sure , but i swear a mate said `` want some acid ? '', 
  and then i remember placing a small square on my tongue . 
  i do n't remember anything else : s, 
  sometimes the thing we want to see once , is not what we want all the time . 
  like chocolate cake , not for every meal . 
  my 10,000 vpn bots and i are also offended by eli5 , better get rid of it !, 
  pretty much done letting other people decide for me what is appropriate and what is not . 
  all i want to see now is jailbait and black people . 
  gon na have to #chan,
