  i 've uploaded all my bitcoin private keys to various websites on the internet . 
  someone got to it and has stolen my money . 
  can you delete all bitcoin subreddits ? 
  i break down in tears whenever i see a picture of gaben, 
  ive fapped to legendarylea, 
  but really , when the facebook of forums comes along to replace this myspace , im there . 
  inb4 entire sub is deleted !, 
  too many cupcakes, 
  joe sixpack does n't know how the atm knows how much money he can withdraw but he can use it . 
  most of your concerns could have been said about the internet in the 90 's . 
  i think there 's a henry ford quote to the effect of `` when i released my first car , if i asked people what they wanted , they 'd have said a faster horse '', 
  pretty sure that style has persisted . 
  he self identifies as critic . 
   why did he lie for ( and to ) her . 
  head 6 said `` she could be a sleeper agent and if you call her out she might wake up and snap your neck '', 
  naturally he did n't tell her , but i too the first time around didnt ' understand why he did n't do something afterwards , its because hes lazy and selfish . 
  had a cosy job as chief cylon expert and at the time was content living out his days ` banging ' head 6 . 
  he knew she was a cylon , she was unsure , he said `` do what you know is right '' or something to that effect , which is what you or i would say to someone , but he did it knowing she has doubts and why she has them . 
  tl : dr he wanted her to shoot herself . 
  he 's always been about self preservation and really would have been doing fake blood tests to the end if it wasnt for head 6 poking him , cylon detector method , colonial day quorum votes . 
  it ' all head 6 :p, 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/twelve_colonies - this should have you covered !, 
  here 's one from eureka : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rdl8531vhwg, 
  # 1 rule of any military service : do the same thing as everyone else in the manner that they do it . 
  google psychopath test . 
  i ca n't imagine anyone who does n't check one box . 
  do i need to get the lash ? 
  same but for when stannis baratheon comes , procedure was to go to the throne room and drink milk of the poppy, 
  already have a bandwith cap in australia :(, 
  surely you can just delete some subreddits to make yourself feel better . 
  also , pizza stores traditionally do n't care about the price point as long as you 're coming into the store and buying something in the hope it becomes a habit . 
  america : world police !, 
  lets say when william becomes king , a monarchistic frevor sweeps across the us , the founding fathers get called opportunistic scum , the revolutionary war is renamed to the war of treason and several us states want to join the commonwealth . 
  should other countries interfere one one side or the other ? 
  i found looking at the historical maps on the wiki quite interesting , it seems that in stark contrast to disputes such as israel/palestine , ukraine has held crimea for all of 5 minutes . 
  when the independence people do their march , do the same thing but with rule britannia, 
  10/10 will pirate . 
  why did this jesus statue have an exposed penis allowing the teen to simulate oral sex ? 
  the criminal code clearly defines oral sex . 
  i 've never understood why men give up the house when the cost of getting someone killed is comparatively lower . 
  do n't buy ubisoft ea or creative assembly games ? 
  reminds me of that family guy episode when peter runs across the road after a shiny red ball . 
  bushi is life , bushi is love, 
  did you drink a potion of armorsmithing first ? 
  i expect freelancer to have more features and compelling gameplay than all of them . 
  it 's not important at all . 
  spend labor on ores or illegal farm if i want to no life protect it or even fishing , can spend time camping freedich or farm quest handins for revenue , or alternately farm faded tokens . 
  farms are not mandatory . 
  even the location does n't matter , you can carry any mats to any speciality workstation and get your trade going from there . 
  my only regret will be not getting a house for recall point on one of the islands out to sea for the purpose of porting and getting ahead of a boat that eludes me . 
  would n't know , havent got in yet :(, 
  i was hoping people would start submitting scapes pics, 
  del pino and el swordo are the best ;p, 
  sansa dies in the next book . 
  brianne goes to the eyrie , finds sansa tries to take her . 
  balish says no and tricks pod into poisoning brianne but sansa drinks the poison . 
  i think a hundred trillion should cover the costs of a few hundred years of protection . 
  our struggle for freedom ( america ), 
  wanted to pay less tax , rich opportunists siezed the opportunity , rallied the peasants to outrage about representation and committed treason a mere 50 years after colonization . 
  sounds like scotland is making threats with weapons of mass destruction , better annex them !, 
  jokes on you , the codes are in english !, 
  it 's ( cultist ) great but lacks the mana regen that other builds have for proper grinding . 
  it was really without peer for grinding auroria slimes in alpha, 
  bet rudd payed you $ 900 to say that . 
  when you are part of the empire where the sun never sets , glory bestowed upon you remains even when the moon arises !, 
  thanks for saving us abbot !, 
  you 're the best prime minister since howard !, 
  australia was a year away from being debt free too , but then we elected the labour party . 
  some people were under the impression that you can wave your hands about and get better representation . 
  every other western democracy is happy with their political leaders , their political system and the only way to achieve this would be by separating from the united kingdom . 
  it 's nice to be able to que up , go to work or sleep and come back with the character ready to play . 
  meanwhile in khazakstan : scotland votes aladeen !, 
   when britain first , at heaven 's command, 
   arose from out the azure main ;, 
   this was the charter of the land ,, 
   and guardian angels sang this strain :, 
   `` rule , britannia !, 
  rule the waves :, 
   `` britons never will be slaves . '', 
  lol dennis, 
  scumbag jatt , fire matt, 
  google `` there will be no carbon tax under a government i lead '', 
  in tony we trust !, 
  guys , its only 1992 , archeage is the first mmo its bound to have problems . 
  make a 60 frame 1 second gif with a single red frame , the rest black . 
  do the same with 24 frames in a one second gif . 
  all this would have been solved if being offline for labor was encouraged, 
  that 's just a camgirl with her clothes on . 
  99 % sure shes on chatturbate, 
  need to get past this que first !, 
  i only noticed because of the original . 
  fapped anyway, 
  id have called you a retard and then taken your packs . 
  trading is for women , slaves , actors and prostitutes . 
  real romans take packs from others . 
  saiyans and nameks are also underrepresented . 
  i think the pay disparity between humans and dogs should be resolved first . 
   there is a lot of talk from the developers on how to fix the idling problem, 
  news to me !, 
  shame napoleon wasnt born 100 years later , it would be the french who would be receiving the guilt trip .
