  my goldfish is an emotionally intelligent creature too . 
  i wish he was given voting rights as i know he 's a democrat !, 
  hah , shows how long its been since i 've added anything ;p, 
  i call bs . 
  ever since dayz was a mod , no substantial effort has been made to stop cheats . 
  i cbf playing until the risk of a 50 hour old character being console killed is gone . 
  been watching marco polo i see :p, 
  fuck the french, 
  nah , go to any game developer forums ` tech ' section . 
  there will be a post to the effect of `` help me get game working on mac '', 
  there 's often a reply ` step 1 : get a pc ', 
  the roger federer/michale jordan/manning/babe ruth/datsyuk/wally lewis/don bradman of pop writing, 
  watched so much gameplay footage , feels like ive already played it . 
  i will pirate it if it does n't launch with functioning online play . 
  power overwhelming on the windfury guy for profit, 
  i 've never read a forbes.com article , but i always click their / r/bitcoin stories then quickly close it when those floods of adblock bypassing adds appear . 
  explody sheep . 
  the best thing about twenty six year old girls is that there are twenty of them . 
  nastia mouse, 
  `` that 's impossible ! '', 
  the grey haired man exclaimed to nobody in particular . 
  pressing buttons on the tablet seemingly randomly his eyebrows furrow with intense focus . 
  after a few seconds the hotspot disappears from the network , the man flips a small cylindrical object up in the air with his other hand , catches it in the same hand and places it in his breast pocket . 
  [ cut to this scene ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rh0hhza0u5c ) youtube - sfw, 
  man 's witty quip more insightful then einstein . 
  see page2, 
  i 'd suck at that job . 
  i 'd be like , well , if its what you want to do . 
  natalie dormer was amazing . 
  season one was by far the best . 
  season 3 is a joke . 
  so far you could not watch a single episode and still be up to date . 
  i wish i could rewatch the entire series for the first time again :(, 
  but blonde natalie dormer ? 
  been so long since ive played with eu4 . 
  spices = 3 will return true if you have three spice provinces . 
  heretic seems to be a ` fixed state ' modifier which im pretty sure means the game does it without events . 
  to replicate create an opinion modifier with the desired effect and an event to apply it/remove it . 
  on actions yearly pulse could be a trigger . 
  am i the only one around here who has no idea wtf np . 
  its like , you did n't use http : / / therefore you are banned for life !, 
  [ show some restecp ! ], 
  ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hj6fiblvnjg ), 
  3 or more . 
  clausewitz doesnt use lessthan/greaterthan . 
  not = is its replacement . 
  japaneese seppiku can i be more weaboo, 
  murica !, 
  we englishmen will kill englishmen from our homeland to pay less tax !, 
  it 's about what its worth . 
  hah , as someone who has stopped watching i was going to jest `` since when has arrow needed plot rationalization '', 
  when a secret is activated , its effect is put on the stack until another card is played or the turn ends . 
  like preordering a bad game and then defending it when you know its bad . 
  til i could buy napoleons penis . 
  your reply offends me . 
  that 's a breach of s127 ( 1a ) . 
  if you 're an adult , do whatever you want . 
  you 're not obligated to do anything . 
  anyone else find at gatherings with relatives there 's always too many people trying to ` help ' with the same task and it becomes unproductive ? 
  tbh i 'd rather the glasswear than a peasantbox, 
  the extended timeline mod has no wasteland and playable australia . 
  however the pm is gillard ;(, 
  the girl on the right , literally heils hitler . 
  i just want a coffee , i do n't want to engage in needless shenannigans . 
  sony knew it needed hype . 
  it has been announced to be released the same week as halflife 3, 
  some would say she figuratively loves hitler as demonstrated by carrying around a his picture . 
  i made the assumption that she has at some point raised her arm to venerate him in the form of a salute . 
  having performed that action , she literally heils hitler . 
  she was a populist socialist . 
  the us increased their defecit spending almost two fold during the gfc . 
  her party increased ours ten fold . 
  if you like shooters and fighters with flashy pictures and 1up noises while yelling in a teamspeak during intense pvp , its for you . 
  * 2 if you do n't mind dropping a few hundred on a game while others use hacks to the same benefit with no consequences and you arent bothered . 
  if you like strategy games with a balanced fair set of rules where wise decisions and dedication are rewarded it is not for you . 
  tbh the democracy series shows the pitfall of such a genre with 51 % populist choices being the best choice . 
  siphon soul does n't work against jab, 
  why do n't devs top end benchmark on release ? 
  or list the specs of the system they used for 120fps 1440p, 
  i 'd watch any tournament admirable casts . 
  gon na be a tonne of angry frustrated saudis too, 
  until the peacock child predator comes along and loves the bright colors, 
  more like fullyrecked, 
  i 've been alive for 20 years , so i get 1 free murder right ? 
  was referenced and enacted in the tv series `` the following '', 
   she was n't a socialist ? 
   this is just blatantly a lie . 
  ( it 's the end column ), 
  the same reason northern africa , greece , turkey , france , egypt , syria and england are n't italian . 
  territorial occupation does n't equal total ethnic conversion . 
  you 're, 
   prior to entering parliament , he studied for a bachelor of economics and a bachelor of laws at the university of sydney , and later for a master of arts in philosophy , politics and economics as a rhodes scholar at the queen 's college , oxford . 
  in time im sure his health issues will be revealed in time . 
  i think this comparison is compelling . 
  it was called being a hippy , then retro , then punk , then emo , then hipster . 
  it 's the white peoples version of counter-culture through the outward expression of ` uniqueness ' . 
  it 's that our contribution to global emissions is 1 % . 
  such action is inconsequential compared to the expense . 
  sword reforging is entirely trait based . 
  they will only steal it if they are greedy/jealous/ambitious etc.
