  your brother explains alot of these comments . 
  blackninja will just break everything . 
  any cod game . 
  as everyone who plays is a stupid jew or a fag . 
   - original post was removed within an hour due to the reference to masturbation , which is only allowed in this sub during the weekend . 
  this is so fucking dumb . 
  you can only edit posts if the current hour is an odd number . 
  i find that when you think about evolution , dinosaurs , how the earth formed and other such things , humanity is trivial and insignificant . 
  my existance even more so . 
  nothing matters , do what you want . 
  video of op 's courtier pre dragon fight . 
  what 's the spoiler ? 
  plots too !, 
  it 's ok fsm , you did what you had to do . 
  you went with your gut , blackninja is a good guy . 
  i do have three questions though :, 
  why do you hate me when i show you nothing but love, 
  whos gon na tell my mom, 
  and what am i going to do with ten thousand fashbinder important reddit mod business cards ? 
  [ :0  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ysi-7y2e97w ), 
  less censorship for cartoons than the us . 
  gets imported . 
  got my vote , it 's the reason it 's done . 
  slice/topspin and lob will sound different . 
  some also scream before the swing . 
  seems like they have the original flag . 
  god save the queen !, 
  as a fellow pragmatist at heart . 
  i salute you . 
  have you considered skipping interaction with other humans to due it 's decreased efficiency or do you pass it off as an indulgence . 
  meh , a few years ago i 'd have been quite excited to see this , but yesterday i saw emily ratajauski * . 
  find a clean prostitute . 
  it 's more time efficient and sometimes more cost efficient . 
  i will be the guy . 
  http://vimeo.com/97837658 blurred lines girls only scenes . 
  can mute . 
  you pay her money and she does things for you . 
  seems reasonable . 
  why is there no link to hot cop lady . 
  i want to buy her some weed :(, 
  but seriously , find a pic :p, 
  [ the man in the high castle . 
  watch it . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xwxteutr7sy ), 
   multiplayer games are rife with cheating ,, 
  sick burn on the fanboys who 've been denying it . 
  lets hope 0.53 has an effect and is n't just smoke . 
   you would be awoken by such noise and be able to defend yourself, 
  oh snap best idea ever . 
  sleeper woken up , becomes a basic npc . 
  @op ; just like in legacy , the bases on the map near the resources get raided . 
  be creative . 
  what article of legislation allows you to assault people ? 
  eg : `` we are legally asking them to leave the premises as an authorized person , they failed to comply so were forcibly removed - trespass '', 
  never seen a `` pew pew pew 04395039503 hours and i 've never had a cheater '' comment ? 
  i think all the pros should set up chatturbate accounts . 
  i dunno , an imdb/wiki search should clear it up for you . 
  been on talk shows too . 
  not sure how this is nsfw, 
  sounds like consent was only withdrawn 11 years after the incident . 
   endangering the welfare of a child . 
  most western criminal codes define child as under 12 . 
  an infinity more serious offence than `` x of a minor '', 
  statutory rape and rape are very different things . 
  tl : dr but i 've grown less fond of having to wait for animations while the rope burns away . 
  if the gender 's were switched it would be rape . 
  i guarantee it . 
  jokes aside , ive been drunk and banged a porker , i 've got drunk and blown needlessly large amounts of money gambling . 
  it 's a life experience , live and learn . 
  polan has into hotties ? 
  double check japan and brazil . 
  i was ok with anyone who did n't have an effect on my life . 
  still am , do n't care . 
  lets say you have a job interview at midday , i see you at the shops . 
  call the police , say you 're at the shops , describe you and tell them you had your hands down a childs pants in the candy aisle . 
  you get assaulted and detained . 
  just ? 
  dps usually wins , burst them down , take no damage . 
  to your original question , once you have the exhumed set augmented , there is n't a massive stat difference and solo que will be reasonable . 
  ranked teams , pt tank , any healer and 2 assassins to aoe around guard/burst are hands down the best choice . 
  collecting datacrons is the most tedious , unenjoyable facet of the game . 
  and it 's somewhat mandatory as it 's better than an augment . 
  i 'd pay cartel coins to not have to do it . 
  especially for alts : s, 
  i remember in the first month of launch , doing tatooine with a friend . 
  he fell off at the last jump . 
  after 5 minutes of laughing and ridiculing him , i suggested we duel , and i uppercut him ( merc ) . 
  knocked him up high enough to get it . 
  it was glorious . 
  doing hk parts at the moment . 
  found one . 
  click a button in a random area is not an entertaining game . 
  first world problems . 
  i like it when there 's an obvious invade and everyone is afk in lane , ask for cover to counter and they stand there . 
  5 mins later the chat qq starts . 
  as a queenslander , i understand snow as a concept . 
  sid meiers pirates . 
  a better version of ac black flag, 
  i do n't know if we should mix toasters and non toasters . 
  i 'd rather keep my bloodline pure .
