  any wound has a small chance to get an eyepatch . 
  sounds like she gets you wood, 
  ships/tractors/endgame vehicles require thunderstruck trees . 
  when planting trees there 's a small rng chance that it 's hit by lightning . 
  players endure hoop jumping with other `` chance increases '' such as trees that are tall , trees planted north and trees that are in their young stage the longest . 
  thunderstruck logs sell for 250g + and there is no level requirement for obtaining one . 
  in such demand there is none available on the ah . 
  i did too and was outraged , i then read more and found the ship you buy is only your starter ship . 
  consider a star citizen starter ship the same as freelancer or any other similar game . 
  the more you spend the longer it takes to be redundant . 
  tldr : tonne of seemingly pay to win ships , these are inferior to ones you buy in game for ingame currency . 
  i was n't going to buy the witcher as i do n't think the series does anything interesting that has n't been done before . 
  i wo n't play it but will torrent it just to seed . 
  tbh it is a finished product . 
  been sold in korea for a year . 
  open minesweeper in windows , rename the exe to alpha mine detector . 
  that is what we 're playing now . 
  really proves how little difference there is between a notebook noble and a peasant . 
  wtf is . . a good game on a phone ? 
  games that require you to press x to win . 
  if you forget to press x , you are prompted on screen . 
  see rise son of rome . 
  someone looking at `` womans weekly '' is n't a reader . 
  are you seriously going to buy a ubisoft game ? 
  hang him !, 
  am i the only one around here who did n't buy 75 % of watchdogs or pirate 100 % of watch dogs ? 
  i wont pre-order , i wont buy it , i wo n't play , i might seed it . 
  do you think the nbn would somehow magically reduce the distance between australia and the us or change the 40 year old ` pipes '' that only go to japan and then the us ? 
  if i could control people with my mind , consoles would n't exist , 
  i do n't have eu4 on this pc . 
  if anywhere , will be in defines . 
  if they have no kin ( dynasty ) , spouse , if no spouse , liege . 
  events/on _ action/on _ death for inheritance order . 
  in your face blackninja, 
  good work sir !, 
  best subreddit ever !, 
  some people say mean things about justin bebier and miley cyrus too !, 
  this is n't an alpha in the traditional sense like rust or dayz . 
  the game is complete and is being translated to english . 
  there are very very few facets of the game that trion will actually change . 
  i only clicked it for the picture . 
  you realistically can with enough resources/time . 
  everything is obtainable . 
  welp , nobody 's going to buy premium when they can makea new account , get a teleport hack to infinite gold ( pack trading ) , and launder money on the ah . 
  nice try scott hartsman !, 
  automoderator , should i become addicted to heroin ? 
  nice , vandalize local businesses until the repair bills become so high the owner is homeless too . 
  it 's there for people with glorious pc 's , average pcs and low end machines . 
  to give them an idea of how much tweaking they can do for that game . 
  ( should i install this on my machine with dual titans or my 486 ), 
  im sure there 's a youtube channel for console `` game '' reviews in which they plug and play then press f to win . 
  while ubisoft are scum , i do n't care much for a female protagonist either . 
  my pet monkey likes to play console games but is very concerned about the lack of monkey protaganists since donkey kong . 
  tldr : ubisoft pls add money character so the minority are satisfied !, 
  taking the black would be todays version of going to prison . 
  nobody ( sane ) wants to go to prison . 
  players are all landed lords . 
  not bastards or those who abdicate . 
  you should read the asoiaf series next . 
  nobody escapes tywin . 
  right now , 12 is legal in the vatican city . 
  im so keen to go there , 
  im thirteen in a week !, 
  would like to go and see the sistine chappel and st peters square , not sure why im getting these downvotes , 
  aa will suck if hacks arent dealt with . 
  aa will suck if something isnt done about flagging in enemy zones . 
  ( eg : your 20 man raid brings a ship to port in enemy safe zone , they attack one guy in your party , only he can return fire ) . 
  aa will suck if there is no risk for an attacker ( eg : someone has a pack , you have no pack . 
  you 're going to attack him as it costs you nothing to try . 
  would like riskvreward in all situations ), 
  if eu4 was designed by ea for the console , it would be mote . 
  those / r/paradoxplaza guys are pretty good . 
  especially dan < 3, 
  who knows , but i assure you if a solution is n't in place day 1 , aa will go the way of mortal online and the darkfall iterations :(, 
  nuckle has never scammed me !, 
  y u no uze propa englis wen u tipe 2 udders it cud be ez r to red . 
  den wen ppl red it dey undastand wot u sai n dun fink u stopeed, 
  i heard some islamic groups adopt roads too . 
  rename it after bacon ? 
  catholic adopted roads also renamed to abortion ave and divorce drive . 
  wish people were more tolerant of other people , even the intolerant ones , 
  fify : went onto a bushi ship in stealth . 
  took a screencap . 
  left before i was pulled into hostile waters . 
  a quick google of archeage hacks will show some youtube videos of people teleporting from x to y with packs to hand in . 
  while labor will ultimately cap it a 60 labor pack with 5k labor and 8g per pack yields a cheat 666 gold in 10 minutes . 
  the damage hacks will cause problems too , obviously . 
  ex2 was refering to the area from the sea warzone to the guards that is safe for one faction ( austere/two corwns ) but not the other , allowing one person to land on the boat and pick people off one by one with limited retaliation . 
  perhaps being an easterner you have a different perspective ( glory to ot ! ), 
  id like a situation in which i see someone i can attack for a profit and there is a decision to be made as opposed to just attacking as i lose nothing . 
  `` do sword quest , pick fashbinder , land fashbinder , play as fashbinder . '', 
  was gon na pre order , decided it was a bad idea . 
  was gon na play at launch , saw day1 mechanical dlc . 
  was gon na pirate it , saw gamplay videos ... http://imgur.com/raib9aq, 
  hi mom !, 
  nobody told me not to murder john smith !, 
  there 's a chance aliens land on earth tomorrow !, 
  tbh i think they should have just shot the qld players with a rifle instead of the eighty minute charade in game one . 
  perhaps we can create a new interstate game where players from 13 teams play against players from three teams mid season , oh wait ... 
  wtb cheap tickets to japan,
