  time to re-establish the knights of st john !, 
  should get france and england to send their heads of state to recapture rhodes . 
  richard and louis were n't that great either, 
  i remember watching a pannel interview where they said `` yeah , we miscounted '', 
  my grandfather smoked his whole life . 
  i was about 10 years old when my mother said to him , ` if you ever want to see your grandchildren graduate , you have to stop immediately . ' . 
  tears welled up in his eyes when he realized what exactly was at stake . 
  he gave it up immediately . 
  three years later he died of lung cancer . 
  it was really sad and destroyed me . 
  my mother said to me - ` do n't ever smoke . 
  please do n't put your family through what your grandfather put us through . '', 
  i agreed . 
  at 28 , i have never touched a cigarette . 
  i must say , i feel a very slight sense of regret for never having done it , because your post gave me cancer anyway . 
  10 months jail for selling firecrackers . 
  what would adams , franklin , jefferson , madison , washington and the other 1776 treasonists say about this !, 
  like madonna and jennifer aniston , im pretty sure shes 60 but is still a babe . 
  i thought the pilot was great , james calis and jamie bamber would have made the most amazing crime fighting team . 
  for an australian who does n't have much to do with guns , the reveal at the end was an amazing suprize !, 
  [ ] ( #s `` http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/17th_precinct '' ), 
  hurt feelings can have some serious consequences , i remember one time my feelings were hurt and i work up with leprosy . 
  i thought we were talking about perfect pilot episodes !, 
  the worst thing is that it was replaced by grim : s, 
  i am selling million dollar notes for only $ 50 . 
  pm me for payment details . 
  the million dollar note will be produced and ready in about 6 months and available as legal tender . 
  10 months later nek minit, 
  the million dollar note we decided was better off as a $ 10 dollar note , it 's more cinematic . 
  also , it 's not legal tender . 
  the word literally has been figuratively missused by everyone . 
  the tv show the newsroom gave a nod to this claiming that a reputable dictionary changed its meaning . 
  literally too lazy to look it up . 
  i 'd like to be able to teleport shit into peoples mouthes . 
  for great justice !, 
  i thought that lotr dwarves were fictional characters . 
  yes . 
  reading through forums help section , stumbled on bitraider . 
  australian with limited bandwith , might have to reconsider this :(, 
  the latter , naturally . 
  it worked . 
  cheers !, 
  stop censoring things . 
  that is all . 
  i did n't buy it because i knew this would happen . 
  rust has been doing airdrops properly from day one . 
  man up . 
  they 're words on the internet . 
  move your right hand a little bit and lower your index finger and the person is gone forever . 
  it 's only an offence if there is a real and present ability for them to perform the threat . 
  im sure the nepalese government can send someone , 
  that 's pretty much it . 
  do your duty as a man of the nights watch , raid the wildlings whenever they gain strength and defend the realms of man !, 
  pick any other county holder for map painting , 
  i ca n't believe blackninja and i are n't auto included :(, 
  they will never betray you !, 
  i recommend giving them a sword too , it will surely strengthen your friendship !, 
  to be fair , the interviewer did ask `` are you a click bait attention whore ? '', 
  in a more pc manner . 
  got a reply similar to when the physical trainer asked the obese lady `` are you healthy ? '', 
  edit : now that i think about it , i 'd have never heard of gg , the lady in this video or zoe quinn if it was n't for tb . 
  spoiler : i was revan . 
  be proud of your superior gaming system my brother . 
  pcmr, 
  as someone who got two 50 's in the first two months since launch with bis gear , i resubbed and baught the revan expansion . 
  got to new level cap , completed new story content , got tier 2 pvp gear . 
  everything is exactly the same as it was at launch with the exception of : space fighting overhaul . 
  a really ugly version of a hk droid , instanced houses and the biggest zerg guilds click the `` send ship to x planet '' and get an insignificant reward for it at the end of the week . 
  ( planetary conquest ), 
  the one redeeming factor is ranked pvp . 
  getting 4 people together and yelling at eachother on vent is pretty fun . 
  has rewards at end of season like lol . 
  unless you are casual you will hit the paywall hard and find it enjoyable unless you sub . 
  / r/swtor has good info, 
  care for a game of pazaak ? 
  galactic senate rules !, 
   i 'll have the soup of the day . 
  no soup for you !, 
  back then , if you executed everyone who committed treason , there would be nobody left . 
  oh , they will try . 
  if you fail they spawn a giant invasion force , they can also find the horn of winter and break the wall . 
  but as a member of the watch , you 're really just spamming `` great rangings '' and trying to keep them at bay . 
  you could also go an shoot obama and the senate , declare the independent nation of / r/pirateninjamonkey and as long as nobody can stop you , its right and just !, 
  you could further rationalize you actions saying you pay too much tax and have no representation due to a two party system . 
  i still found emperor edition ai to be a joke . 
  still have the diplomacy rationality of pacman . 
  pull through still exists . 
  took 2 months to become playable with a fraction of it 's predecessors features . 
  locked content at launch that could be unlocked with mods . 
  adiangh andi is a well known indian cricket player . 
  can he do it !, 
  yes the can !, 
  adiangh andi is our man !, 
  masterpiece !, 
  i know right ? 
  it 's pretty niggardly to downvote someone because of that . 
  conclusive proof that all other pregnant women are just being bitches !, 
  it was more in relation to reports about people having physical cash seized while driving . 
  who are you and what do you do ? 
  i dont know who any of these people are : s,
