  i hate this sub :(, 
  stop right there criminal scum !, 
  released on the 17th dec , this is a sneak peak !, 
  come say hi , as i dont intend to talk to myself as that would be crazy ;p, 
  the game of thrones mod for ck2 , after many moons , many cries of pain , many tiers of desire , it 's finally here . 
  essos has been added !, 
  had a good run , about 30 viewers peak . 
  will be on the same time tomorrow !, 
  i really enjoyed smaug based mud 's when i was younger . 
  tpb and google are both search engines . 
  one specializes in html files , the other torrents . 
  people have the equal capacity to share copywrited material with google/hotmail/windows products as they do with any torrent website . 
  they 're the kind of girls i wake up next to :(, 
  malphite got caught there once, 
  doge tree, 
  such sad, 
  much frown, 
  pretty sure he did an ama just recently ... or perhaps i only remember it because our timelines are facing different directions . 
  got told i had a large penis, 
  i would pay $ 1,000 for a night with destiny, 
  as an australian ( non wigger ) , i dont get it . 
  i know dr drey is a rapper but not sure the farm / bgs references :(, 
  thanks , my life is now complete !, 
  do n't be a dipshit is the best advice you will ever get when visiting foreign countries or even leaving the house . 
  internet access . 
  $ 105pm for 100g adsl2 in australia, 
  is this exhange run by a nigerian prince who needs the money from exchange fees to unlock his family fortune ? 
  too harsh . 
  imo prison guards should be able to act in a manner similar to a homeowner in their own home . 
  similarly it doesnt seem reasonable to expect that being dropped or thrown on the ground from a height of 50cm is likely to kill someone . 
  you could just as easily kill someone while hitting them in the ribs with a baton or kneeing their back to cuff them or bumping them accidentally and hitting their head . 
  it 's obscene for a prison guard , police officer or otherwise authorized person to defend themselves in a hazardous line of work with unforseen consequences and be jailed for it . 
  not sure if you have turrets syndrome or have never fallen off a bunk bed ? 
  so is your face - john dorian, 
  no you are - fashbinder, 
  bob : you 're an idiot . 
  fash : you 're ten idiots . 
  bob : sigh , you dumbass, 
  fash you 're ten dumbasses . 
  happy birthday player hater !, 
  there 's plenty in my local 7-11 in australia, 
  buy bitcoins . 
  only way to get views !, 
  i 'd see people pop in and then leave :p, 
  washington wins . 
  iirc the military is pledged ( oath ) to the orders of the government . 
  you need to live to turn 5 , and be on 10 hp , then for 3 mana warsong commander , play both giants ( they have charge now ) then brewmaster them to your hand , play again and win . 
  one turn kill, 
  the term otk is not to be taken literally . 
  moreso ' a surprisingly large amount of damage ' . 
  ex post from league of legends ? 
  the worst part about australia is that it 's near new zealand . 
  also it 's damn hot . 
  germany is so insistent and dedicated to being tolerant , that it wont tolerate any references to nazis in the country . 
  i pirated caesar in gaul . 
  instantly regreted the wasted bandwith and uninstalled . 
   `` it 's as if a million fans suddenly cried out in excitement , and were suddenly silenced ... '', 
  9-11 : the two towers ( 2001 ), 
  every direct damage spell and two ice blocks . 
  i think twitch.tv / fashbinder is the best . 
  $ 100 in packs , have 4 legendarys, 
  i recently got legend , i found no skill or card difference between r5 - legend . 
  just hearthstones scissors paper rock weighting match outcomes . 
  ( instadmg , control , aggro ), 
  just like league of legends , you need to win 51 % of your games to get to challenger/legend . 
  better players get there faster . 
  stars are lone intergers . 
  +1 for win , -1 for loss ( post rank 5 ) so someone with a 60 % win rate gains 2 stars every 10 games and 5 stars per rank . 
  for those above rank 5 it 's even shorter due to win streak bonuses . 
  just grind it out !, 
  you have played too few games . 
  kid yourself nagger, 
  i 'd reply `` i like it when people lose and get upset . 
  gives me a small erection '', 
  then unfriend and giggle :p, 
  fizz you 're garbage , uninstall is not a criminal offense . 
  i do n't take anything said on online games very seriously . 
  i 'm an adult . 
  laws exist irl because a drunk who is up in your face on the street cant disappear from existance with a click of a button . 
  ingame you can do this . 
  people need to not compare games with real life and use the mute/ignore feature that 's available in every game . 
  sea giant/windfury np, 
  mlg managrind is fairly well advertised , however it uses a sideboard policy that i do n't think should exist . 
  anyone can enter for free . 
  6 card sideboard for game 2 and 3 in a bo3, 
  `` everyone is legend ranked '' - kitkatz 2013, 
  you talking to me ? 
  you talking to me ? 
  i do n't see anyone else here , so i guess you 're talking to me . 
  id like to hear about new games , peoples opinion of games and up and coming sneak peaks . 
  that 's just me personally , but i sub here so i dont have to skip through needless spam pertaining to rule 5 and 6 , console games etc. 
  tbh rank 1 on the constructed ladder . 
  however until obtaining rank 1 has any pragmatic function i find most legends do n't really bother . 
  i agree . 
  i much perfer the blizzard format to managrind 's sideboard . 
  druids/paladins have the greatest flexibility and options when allowed to side in healing/additional board clear/single target removal and it , funnels the range of options of playable decks . 
  sideboarding has no place in hearthstone imo . 
  dont need to be lucky for mana wyrm coin mirror right ? 
  id like it to prevent the battlecry . 
  a counterspell for creatures !,
