  does nintendo have a pc imitation device out or are these nintendo heathens attempting to venerate the `` gameboy '' style device ? 
  i knew the kkk were good people , always given a hard time , accused of being racists but this clearly shows they 're people to be admired !, 
  final table , everyone goes all in on the first flop . 
  still luck !, 
  dean and sam should just go and do anal and be done with the series . 
  clearly some thing special going on between them , 
  i think the person who messaged the mods was leah mcgrath . 
  i think the usa should pay reparations to the british for the murder of the redcoats in the great treason of 1776 . 
  italy should also pay 10 % of its gdp to france as they were never compensated for cesar 's invasion of gaul . 
  youth are taking the sun to court for it 's murder of millions of people via skin cancer . 
  governments are taking youths to court for voting them in causing inaction over climate change !, 
  what site are you talking about ? 
  all my posts get downvoted by feminists , lefties , the overly sympathetic and ethnic minorities :(, 
  i did n't know what vitiligo was , so when the image popped up , i took a glance . 
  ( approx 0.25 seconds ) it looked like a woman covered in feces kneeling in the tub , and i had 2 girls one cup images flashing in my minds eye . 
  i do n't think reddit mods need to exist for monitoring content ( ensure nfsw , stopping spam ) . 
  downvotes that hide posts allow the community to decide if a post is appropriate or not , we do n't need people to decide for us . 
  i 'd rather have mod deletion powers removed and changed to `` hidden '' , canceled with enough upvotes . 
  i lost my love for reddit the day `` cupcake '' arbitrarily deleted pcmasterrace . 
  when a new company offers the same features as reddit without the censorship and overzealous moderation , i 'll be there . 
  reddit can hang out with myspace in the `` dun goofed '' part of the internet . 
  did n't read your story . 
  step 1 : ask for gym fees back and say cya . 
  if they refuse , threaten small claims court, 
  step 2 : ??? 
  step 3 : find new gym . 
  i feel the title is missleading , it should read :, 
  analyst : pc gaming now brings in more money than console `` gaming '', 
  so say we all, 
  been a while since i looked at the event thoroughly , but it 's all ai chance . 
  emperor has a great chance ( if they claim it ) , married and touching has a good chance , married and not touching has a low chance . 
  i got sniped , fracking / u/captaincroatia, 
  you and i both !, 
  best redditor ever !, 
  however after reviewing post history , i suspect that he 's a cylon . 
  `` dr baltar , can you run his bloodwork ? '', 
  baltar facing the wall `` thats it ! '', 
  baltar turns and faces me stammering `` ahh that 's what im going to do . 
  run the bloodwork ... thats it '', 
  tbh i find this intollerance of intollerance kind of hypocritical . 
  she probably just has some really low brow `` homey g gangster tryhard '' friends that he does n't want there . 
  yeah but she [ dies in the next book ] ( / spoiler ), 
  i cant for the life of me remember the season numbers , was n't 3 the baltar is president seasons ? 
  i thought that was epic . 
  zoom in on baltars hair `` three years later '' zoom out . 
  shortly after the cylon pov was epic . 
  the sol/caprica 6 thing was a little meh as it was done earlier with callie/chief but kicked it up again with the final 5 , and sol 's wife comming back and the origins of the cylons expained :p, 
  i guess im just a fanboy :p, 
  if only he crowd sourced the funds require to give a quality space shooter , empire sim and fps all in one ... ... . . 
  i remember when my mother was yelling at me abusively during school cross country run ( age 12 ) , i gave her the finger . 
  being better parents you should n't do that , but if by chance you are given the finger , you can now give it back . 
  i have n't seen a robbin williams movie since ;p, 
  lol , it 's so bad . 
  log onto a server , play 10 hours , find out admin is 12 spawning freebies for his friends . 
  i usually just knock them out and place them in a dried out well with the others . 
  dont get me wrong , i know i shouldnt but i do visit them once a week to lower food and lotion down on a bucket . 
  i thought it was a decorative ring holder . 
  you 'd attatch a ring to the edge of the fabric and hang the fabric on a wall via those strings . 
  this is why you try to avoid public transportation at all costs . 
  ty , just been doing some googling and found the quote `` http://www.reddit.com/r/h1z1/comments/23c82f/answering_h1z1_questions_i_saw_including_why_is/cgvl59a '', 
  i then googled `` planetside 2 hacks '', 
  i guess im a bit of an optimist . 
  i 'd really like to see a game release with a bold headline, 
  ** feature list : `` active cheat dectection !, 
  ** other minor features : `` a sandbox world , guns zombies buildings crafting etc etc, 
  i did at launch , after some reliable googling ive found my briggs and connery characters . 
  iirc ping issues for aussies with american friends my ` group ' went and played other games . 
  sum about 50 hours . 
  considering downloading it again , sorry for off topic but has it changed much since launch ? 
  any revolutionary new features ? 
  i hope this is the case , but then again ps2 is n't the sandbox full loot game where baddies are more inclined to cheat ( encountering a ps2 hacker costs you 30 seconds , a full loot sandbox costs you more . ) . 
  i think the aimjunkies cheat works and is undetected as advertised . 
  without reading the sub i thought this was some `` war of the roses '' fan fiction . 
  i then googled `` paisley hanes '' thinking she was some english jean de arc but alas , only pictures of underwear were displayed . 
  i then looked at the sub realized this was a period story and thank god for mister y. 
  going to popularize a `` good guy jauffrey '' meme . 
  this is my design . 
  my girlfriend knows some neo nazis , i was having dinner with my family and she invited one over . 
  i said `` hey , i dont mind if you hang out with them or what your beliefs are , id just rather you not bring them around to my parents house . 
  please do n't publicize your affiliation with neo nazis . 
  you can google the word and find out how many educated people have been fired for using the word in its proper context by people playing the race card . 
  it 's mind boggling . 
  from rockstar games twitter : `` lol rng did n't get us this time ! '', 
  oh , well that 's good news . 
  good find sir . 
  this however certainly is n't flaiming , its just asking questions . 
  this is kinda not very informative . 
  i thought i was your husband . 
  i saw a star explode and send out the building blocks of the universe . 
  other stars , other planets and eventually other life . 
  a supernova !, 
  creation itself !, 
  i was there . 
  i wanted to see it and be part of the moment . 
  and you know how i perceived one of the most glorious events in the universe ? 
  with these ridiculous gelatinous orbs in my skull !, 
  with eyes designed to perceive only a tiny fraction of the em spectrum . 
  with ears designed only to hear vibrations in the air . 
  i do n't want to be human !, 
  i want to see gamma rays !,
