  would n't have been a problem if it was a full loot game though , 
  do you believe it was on shadow edge ? 
  if you collect 10 that call you the n word , you should be able to hand them in for a cosmetic black face item . 
  one example please . 
  i thought it was annabella, 
  that 's not what he said at all . 
  see this is what you do , he wanted to talk about the broad context of debate memes and you 're trying to pin him down on one specific thing . 
  perfect , thanks !, 
  i tested it , i was 7.1 with 870 ip , a guy in flat 6 was 860 and a guy in flat 5 was 780 . 
  ya , having people respawn and walk back to the fight that was still going on was super lame . 
  increase `` dead '' timer for sure . 
  but i think it 's a great way for instant , repeatable , no cost combat practice , so the guy with 2mil mob fame who seems competent but might be a shitter can be brought along and you can determine if hes worth investing your time in . 
  two years ? 
  i 've got a hairdryer and a collingwood forward that say it 's a little further away . 
  i thought marriage was just a religious thing and that the what you were actually doing was signing a legal contract , some did it in a courthouse others do it in a church with some ritual . 
  is n't there an option already for people to marry ( and recieve legislative benefits/protections/rights ) other persons of any gender and that one guy who married his car in a courthouse ? 
  ahh , i was implying that the slightly left leaning popularist party would not beat the slightly right leaning popularist party in 2 years . 
   perceived threat, 
  real and present ability to carry out that threat = assault . 
  imagined threat , written threat , phone threat , electronic threat are all different breaches of legislation that are n't assault . 
   rick_sanchez_78 was banned for this post . 
  mfw i see they look so similar https://i.gyazo.com/4f7d85140eb87a07a69f724f70ac36b6.png, 
  a few weeks ago op was posting memes on reddit with the same username as someone else in tc . 
  tc are now just a bunch of shitters who will lose their town plot the minute the buff goes . 
  op takes credit implying that his words on the internet caused this . 
   girl named morgan ( ass in game ) , not very attractive , maybe a 5/10 with filters, 
  gets me every time, 
  so breaking the law can be ethical and right ? 
   with someone like kyle , or someone else would be kewl, 
  agreed, 
  could be smoke , could be a metal part of the flag puncturing his thigh and then acting like a level pulling the flesh apart . 
  how fat ? 
  it 's you that i adore, 
  you 'll always be my whore, 
  you 'll be the mother to my child, 
  and a child to my heart, 
  we must never be apart, 
  i forget sometimes that everyone on reddit is 17 or a dog :(, 
  lore money is different to game money , game money trivialises the game, 
  i saw a post of someone trying to sell kitchenware or something , it was removed within 30 minutes . 
  that 's the only thing they should do , spam and ads . 
  i think you should pay british streamers large sums of money to advertise during maintenance . 
  pay them in dollars , or pounds of dollars . 
   i join a party with some randoms in a dungeon ,, 
   join a party with some randoms in a dungeon ,, 
  do n't do this, 
  when you go into a blackzone and someone kills you , do you also think there should be some `` coded feature '' that lets you fly away on a winged unicorn and its `` bad code '' that let people `` abuse '' pk mechanics ? 
  threads like these beg to differ . 
  leaving notifications on was a huge mistake , so many top level comments by idiots . 
  most of them recycling the same tired comments of the people who linked them the thread, 
   kids seem a lot less active since that last ban wave , btw . 
  herpaderp and they arent interactive herpaderp and when the servers are down , its albioffline herpaderp, 
  fake news, 
  olly 's dad was my favourite character in the show , i like to imagine the time he put in teaching his son the art of the bow , as well as maintaining their family hut in the hamlet . 
  i wish i had a dad like olly 's dad . 
  so ... its either a prop or a live model, 
  but is it a prop or a live model ? 
  i heard they rmt their resources, 
  any chance of a reappearance in lucifer ? 
  the first scene with that specific song on the piano was amazing . 
  wants to fuck kids . 
  dumb . 
  so dumb fucks his mum . 
  dumb, 
  when you suspect the game to be shit but the trailer deceives you . 
  only a sith deals in absolutes . 
  seemed like a fair question , really made me think . 
  because you just said x group of people got banned , and it was untrue it seemed like a witch hunt . 
  add the people you think cheated and got banned to friends to see their last online , wait 3-4 days and then make a new post x from y guild hasnt been on since banwave . 
  that way you are making a true statement rather than a wild allegation , if that gets deleted i 'll send jrawly angry pm 's . 
  i really want to shit in to a girls mouth and have her swallow . 
  guilds that nobody has heard of and dont own land get put in a square so they stand out as unimportant . 
  the old `` i have a farm so i will spend my time farming '' trap :(, 
  works every time !, 
  hopefully be able to help newer players with questions and explore the new features in the release . 
  from about 10am ( +10 est ) hopefully both days at twitch.tv / fashbinder, 
  now streaming : come say hi !, 
  proof is legit : http://citadel.prophpbb.com/topic4482.html, 
  some videos contain profanity . 
  i asked jesus and he said it was flat . 
  i found jesus in new mexico . 
  not sure what the big deal is anyway . 
  sandbox games have always been notorious for people cheating/duping/hacks . 
  recently , rusts 's cheat punch caught some low end free cheats but due to the use of the unity enging , will never become a game people can play competitively . 
  there 's something truly amazing about gathering resources with some mates , building a base anywhere you want and having the ability to attack other such bases . 
  cool features and awesome graphics are irreverent when someone can despawn it all with a press of a button . 
  that 's not a game im interested in playing . 
  any news on cheat prevention ? 
  i 've noticed a lot of black people stealing things , including my bike . 
  it 's getting out of hand !, 
  not getting optimal housing ? 
  no problem , i 'll buy one/prep for auroria release . 
  there are so few games in existence that wont hand stuff to me , i revel in the challenge . 
  never been more aroused since that time scapes bent over on stream . 
  said he would sell me a farm spot and took my money then called me the n word . 
  it was founded by jabba the hutt 's brother pizza the hutt . 
  is there a way to get it back without declaring on the client i fed ? 
  super disappointing after so many patches that there is n't an obvious way . 
  saw amaz school 30k people with his knowlege on stream , still need lessons . 
  i always thought battlecry was `` when you play this from your hand get this effect '',
