  officer comes closer , grab his gun , kill him . 
  i 'd suggest not committing crimes then trying to evade police . 
  do that and you should n't have a problem . 
  9/10 `` the man after blowing up a bank , raping people and deficating on decapitated corpses told police he had a sore toe , the police did n't listen and he died/shot '', 
  / r/news : f the police, 
  admirable is in a league of his own , most handsome , most talented and most admirable player in the community . 
  it sounds like you are upset . 
  go drive through a red light and evade police . 
  see how it goes !, 
  anchorman covered why journalism , like politics are about amusing the masses as opposed to delivering substance . 
  one of the first few reddit news posts where the guy did n't deserve it . 
  not sure how people spontaneously die in prison . 
  a masterful display of skill nevertheless !, 
  deathlord has 8 hp , you can double it twice and make it 's attack its health for 32 on turn 4 with coin :o, 
  went to ferny grove ( bris ) state high in 01 , had school chaplain . 
  less than 50 % of australians at last count . 
  i 've learned to ride the f abbot circlejerk for massive karma . 
  try not to oppose or even question it . 
  that 's how reddit works !, 
  in australia it aired on tv showing some dogfighting with the background music `` babylon zoo - spaceman '' . 
  never heard of bsg before hand , seemed super cheeze , didnt watch it . 
  season 2 came out , and i saw an episode , got hooked and started from scratch . 
  he has a son , i believe they were saying he was replaced by a cylon . 
  start from s1e1 , follow release cronology and then when it 's all over and you miss all the characters , watch this . 
  then cringe at the current shows on tv . 
  poland started ww2 . 
  poor old hitler was a kind magnanimous person until you guys started shit !, 
  ukraine needs to stop being a fuck head ceede the province . 
  taxi drivers ( australia ) have legislation allowing the refusal of service . 
  do n't be a fuck head in a taxi . 
  failing to leave when asked has a maximun of 40 penalty units ( 4,000 ) . 
  but wil u traid me ur mew ? 
  when is your brother doing an ama ? 
  i 'll take 10 %, 
  i liked goldstark the best :(, 
  id watch admirable , hes so lovable and admirable . 
  someone has to be the agnatic descendant of william the conqueror . 
  quite right , however he 's naturally dead in terms of succession . 
  her name please !, 
  proof or did n't happen :(, 
  did you draw hex ? 
  someone once told me to watch the pilots opening scene from a camera mans perspective . 
  not cuts . 
  being an left wing athiest homosexual i feel right at home here !, 
  dont walk into poland , hang out in russia , use the ledger to assess their manpower . 
  ai is bad and will often combine a mass stack against yours in one of your provinces for 10 % attrition . 
  juggle the stack ( if they attack 20 stack , reinforce from other provinces with 2-3 20 stacks then when they cancel , you cancel move ) and they 'll wittle away into nothingness . 
  then pick smart fights , stack wipe then carpet . 
  practice the hundred years war as england without any ally cheeze and once you master it , you 'll never have a problem with combat again . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wxz-auccg48&amp;list=uut7tqyuk-ussyno1vquyw7q ( i goofed the juggle at one point but the concept is demonstrated regardless ), 
  should do the same to alcohol as well right ? 
  after 1000h ckdv ck2 eu and eu4 picked up hoi3 pretty easily , i fear however if i wanted to play germany id be doing the same things every game . 
  increase allied threat , support out party in the us . 
  sack france and then london to end the allies . 
  i 'd like a hoi game from 1066 :p, 
  i left some money on my driveway and someone picked it up . 
  i also put nudes on the internet . 
  this is an outrage !, 
  time travel is cool , but too much drama . 
  the double alex arc was epic , theseus also pretty cool but kira and her qq has worn off . 
  rush is the only show i 've picked up this season . 
  zarek would n't have adama 's support but would be left to run the civilian fleet . 
  he 'd continue running the prostitution rings , controlling food and medicine . 
  he 'd also replace ship captains with loyal ones . 
  some civi would appeal to lee , lee would tell his dad and they 'd go end zarek 's presidency . 
  zarek would respond by telling the civis they decide what happens on their ships . 
  que tillium ship jumping away episode and continue with the series . 
  my brother and i, 
  are you concerned that natalie dormer 's moriarty will put you to shame on the account she 's a super hot babe and you are not ? 
  no legal means . 
  president zarek would say `` if you have a problem with this replacement , go appeal to the president . '', 
  and producer if the source was copied from one location to another . 
  when i was born a photo was taken of my mum holding me . 
  you can see my penis . 
  i am in possession of it . 
  lock me up !, 
  beggers cant be choosers . 
  they clearly have higher priorities than prostate cancer research . 
  why is it anyones concern ? 
  i sent someone a text message that said `` hi '' they showed it to someone else without my permission !, 
  fbi plz, 
  unsecured data on the internet = out in public . 
  missread the title , it 's ride `` with '', 
  id do johan . 
  dye hear grey , grow magnificent beard and put on a terrible accent . 
  we 're not going to see any of these :(, 
  i reckon they could make video games if whatever they 're currently doing falls through . 
  napoleon has as much blood on his hands as hitler . 
  glory to great britain and her colonies for stopping them both !, 
  do n't forget the freemasons , cult of skaro and illuminati !, 
  exterminate !!!!, 
  exterminate !!, 
  on the topic of snowden , i cant believe he 's still alive . 
  i 'm genuinely suprized !, 
  sarah , do you use a device that uses icloud ? 
  when you connect a device to the internet , you should not have the expectation of privacy . 
  had them in australia in the 90 's :(, 
  too many black people performing undesirable tasks and therefore being stereotyped . 
  props for doing it in ranked and not a staged friend match !, 
  did cupcakes suggest removing the entire sub ?
