i do the same thing , but my gf is imaginary :(, 
  nice !, 
  did you get all sticky when you were done ? 
  shaking hands at pubs, 
  being offended on someone elses behalf, 
  attempting to stop conflict between children rather than teaching children conflict resolution methods . 
  not reading reddit formatting help !, 
  constructed is more competitive , however if hearthstone emulated the mtg style of passing around a booster or some mechanic that placed players into a pool together as opposed to playing opponents of increasing skill . 
  your sister is cute !, 
  sure does !, 
  i hope we dont get a sudden influx of players who communicate using those indochinese symbols, 
  i think john bain is better than tb however the cynicalbrit is much better than all of them . 
  i upvoted you for your bravery . 
  criticizing ca on this sub usually costs you 100 karma , 
  / r/paradoxplaza for your grand stratergy needs , 
  eu4 would be a great place to start . 
  this will be the most up voted post of the day . 
  i am a helpful bot to guide you of which way to vote, 
  the scared child that gets encouraged and overcomes his fear to be the hero . 
  this , so much this . 
  it 's kinda crazy 3 star masters and first time players have the same time limit . 
  a dragon themed board for sure !, 
  inb4 you 're arrested !, 
  considering how long the legal process will take , his children will have died before it 's resolved , 
  knowledge - do n't have to read each card . 
  have the experience to make the right play near instantly . 
  seems like you were `` mystified ' by these copied comments !, 
  i also control + f 'd `` ctrl + f'ed `` this will be the most up voted post of the day . 
  i am a helpful bot to guide you of which way to vote '' . 
  not disappointed . '', 
  and was not disappointed !, 
  damn tbp providing easy access to . tor files . 
  i cant wait till they shut down google for providing the same service for . html files !, 
  criminals the lot of them !, 
  you should just leave their court . 
  sure they might have a lower opinion of you , but if your diplomacy stat is high enough it will counteract the loss . 
  just the stream . 
  unless knuckey dies irl , england is invaded or the queen dies it 's set to be released on the 17th . 
  tbh my last addition to the mod was the sword reforging , have n't played any test versions since then . 
  essos will be as new to you as it is for me . 
  i thought this would be a good idea as i 'd have a fresh set of eyes to try and fill mechanical voids . 
  for me personally ;, 
  slave fighting pits where you buy/sell/train / fight with your slaves for money ( sparticus ), 
  merchants for westeros - to compete with the republics in essos ( allowing for the commerce orientated lp to dominate the seas ) / trade port destruction from raids . 
  will really just spend the weekend playing and jotting down ideas , 
  tuesday the 17th is april 1st on the mayan calendar, 
  anyone with a backwards hat indoors and a white singlet is going to be violent in, 
  nobody gets that excited to find food and then throws it away, 
  popularized by the mtg innistrad release i think red deck wins is a dominating force at high level play . 
  i 'm sure there 's something similar to this on hearthpwn but this is my own creation . 
  run every charge creature , a few silences for taunts/de-freeze . 
  the catch is the result is somewhat binary . 
  you either hit your mana curve and win , or you lose . 
  needs +1 leeroy to replace a pirate or weaponsmith . 
  i 've always wanted to date a girl called mary-anne . 
  australian aboriginies often have different perceptions of how to behave/act . 
  the left would argue that it 's inherant racism in society , the right argues they have every opportunity everyone else does , but chooses not to . 
  there are similar stories ( you can google ) of aboriginals in the northern territory breeding with their own children and there are similarly alarming statistics regarding infants with std 's . 
  i do n't recall in recent history any such incidents in nsw , but being in a geographically remote location ( similar to the parts of the nt where this happens ) its not surprising . 
  the devs are great , the company philosophy is admirable but the forum moderators are cancerous . 
  you will get infracted for anything , messages will get deleted if they are n't pro paradox . 
  i mod for ck2 : agot and dont use the paradox forums out of protest . 
  they 've even had the audacity to censor , moderate the agot release posts and sent menacing , condescending messages to knuckey over obscenely trivial non-issues . 
  with the exception of the reddit mods involved in the / r/pcmasterrace drama , i 've found less nazi immitating mods on reddit . 
  tldr : do n't visit the site , let it remain a circle jerk for fanboys . 
  the devs are great , i 'd turn gay for doommark but the forum mods are toxic . 
  psa : charge decks beat mages, 
  i confess i stole your bike and a car stereo 14 years ago , will return to location they were taken from . 
  my apologies, 
  oh man , losing my internet points while representing the views of the left and the right :(, 
  i stayed in cooktown for a while : 2 minutes from where cpt james cook landed and discovered australia . 
  those grey roads ( map ) or dirt roads ( street view ) where the google car did n't travel have ` houses ' that look very similar to the one show in the article . 
  i once went in a competition on / r/paradoxplaza and some sporting gentleman asked me a series of questions to win something , i think it was an eu4 key . 
  top bloke , 
  mod : joan of arc did some french thing in 1467 , which century did this happen ? 
  me : you serious bro ? 
  mod : oh i see , i 'll give you a point for that !, 
  it wasnt . 
  just was making comparisons between reddit in general and other forums regarding censorship . 
   from about 10am ( +10 est ) hopefully both days at twitch.tv / fashbinder, 
  10 am at +10 ust . 
  if you double click on your computers clock , click ` change time zone ' and scroll to +10 . 
  australians refer to their time zone ( except sa/wa/nt ) as eastern standard time , super confusing for americans living on the eastern cost while globally in the west , when we are infact in the eastern time zones :p, 
  if you have not played eu3 and enjoy the grand stratergy games ; you are an insane madman if you dont get eu4 . 
  it 's paradox 's ` best ' title . 
  it can deficate any game in the tw series . 
  if you have played eu3 for 1k hours and played every country to the point of exhaustion , the upgrade from eu3 is n't substantial from a players perspective . 
  he 's never recorded a movie or any copyrighted content and uploaded it to the internet . 
  tpb is a search engine specializing in . tor files . 
  google is a search engine , specializing in . html files . 
  hotmail is an email provider , allowing users to send data to eachother . 
  windows is an operating system , allowing users to digitally store copyrighted content . 
  all these service providers provide equal opportunity and profit equally from people using their services for illegal content . 
  quite right . 
  challanger tier league players have 10 min que times and play the same players . 
  the last spot for challanger in the korean server was decided by two games consisting of 3 players who played in both , two of which were fighting for that last spot . 
  riot was warned about the challanger immunity problem and did nothing :( ty op , 
  this explains the recent rule ammendment . 
  i applaud the mods in the modmail for not allowing one admin ( coincidentally the one who arbitrarily removed pcmasterrace and holds the pocket of other mods on this site irl ) for following the rules and not the big red threat . 
  i got downvoted when showing a game with a larger player base having wins being traded .
