  i 've seen people spouting political party approved little quips this whole election cycle , but at this point everyone 's using the same exact wording and it 's starting to worry me a little . 
  nah , the ep or network president would have made a call while sanders was off air and given him a stern talking to . 
  he knows quite a few people who have completed their bachelor of auts degree . 
  wow , you might be an autistic fag . 
  put a roof and walls on your base, 
  are you mr mango or something ? 
  did you have a roof and 4 walls on your base not made of t1 ? 
  im 99 % sure you did n't . 
  forcing another group who lives too near to you to relocate is a core element of the game . 
  cat . 
  cat . 
  damn those american trump supporters in sweeden ... . 
  i had trouble uploading my licence to get cc payments authorised . 
  sent a ticket , got manually added the next working day . 
  no correspondence though . 
  hey destiny , your dbs buddy fash . 
  remember 5 years ago when i called you a retard and thought theres no way youd make a living streaming video games on twitch ? 
  i got partnered  . , 
  seen a lot of your meta talks regarding business plans and having a backup plan/saving etc and its logical . 
  what would your 5 best pieces of advice for a new partner or 5 things to avoid ? 
  ps : fuck off amirasc, 
  is ls lauren southern ? 
  there was once a man on reddit called unidan . 
  same but with a smaller chin than would be seen on a large chinned species, 
  can a black guy be a white knight or is that a grey area ? 
  if i became president and saw my life long friend in the crowed and our eyes locked im sure we 'd smile and give eachother an encouraging wink . 
  its a little more discreet than a fist bump or a high five, 
  was pacjax 's downvote army that got me . 
  fucking idiot , its not his fault that his cat hates the cuck destiny was duoing with . 
  probably just gets by in life on its pussy pass, 
  til biggots never existed before trump . 
  bitch ass cuck piece of shit jew faggot . 
  who gives a fuck . 
  but would you gish gallop to save your sons life ? 
  yes and you are n't invited . 
  all the cucks upvoting you are dense motherfuckers, 
  is n't is procedure to contest claims when they are made ? 
  if im accused of murder i dont do nothing and confess . 
  when the police draw a gun and say get down on the floor or you 'll be shot . 
  i get down on the floor . 
  sargon gets shot then complains about how its the cops fault . 
  what is this mame of which you speak ? 
  i really think id be a great fit . 
  i also think there are many people who are unaware of the subscriber only streams and even fewer are aware of the ranking system within the diocese . 
  you were probably just unaware because of your socio-economic status . 
  link to full version pls, 
  it 's not dumb and was worth 5 dollars and a few hours of your time . 
  fuck that density guy, 
  did you see how he gish galloped to save his sons life while trying to pin destiny down ? 
  necro !, 
  turns out the tv series `` the magicians '' had a similar plot in a recent episode . 
  if someone drops $ 1000 irl to buy an 8.3 set and a direwolf , you can kill him and take it . 
  she said it was some guy in a blue jacket, 
  if you get married you 'll magically have more money and you can use that money to bribe destiny to stop doing them : thinking :, 
  you know how some memers play eu4 ? 
  the company who made it who defended the use of the word slavery have banned the use of the word kebab or `` remove kebab '' ( originally a meme ) as they have deemed it racist . 
  do you think that is fucking retarded , not just in this example but the concept of declaring things arbitrarily racist, 
  id like to know more about shared winnings from promoted competitive events . 
  ted cruz cosplay is next level . 
  he 's destined to do it . 
  how many people in the world have you met with a natural `` anime voice '', 
  are you sure it was 2 different girls and just not the same girl twice ? 
  because they all look ... 
  woah , this is reddit , the leftist approach is taken here : `` trumps russian ties attempt to silence and oppress female driver '', 
  it is conclusive that exactly 95.00012 % of the population is irrefutably related to one of these 7 . 
  kinda pretty much alot could be related to the 7, 
  i for one thought it was fantastic . 
  got em , later bitch, 
  full video : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=peszkttgydc, 
  james franco, 
  false : pam is hotter . 
   it 's hysterical that this person is worried about being banned from twitch rather than arrested for breaking the law . 
  i dont think you get arrested for holding a phone while driving . 
  a fine is likely to cost less than the income lost from a temp ban . 
  you are the first person to ever have done this . 
  i for one think destiny has a nice penis . 
  no homo . 
  nice try bombjin, 
  tbh it still does a lot of things better than crossout and i do miss flight :(, 
  sony and microsoft games will be different , but unrelated developers and publishers have to pay a large sum of money to both parties and some choose to ( rocket league ) others choose not to ( bloodbowl ) . 
  all pro and anti trump subs should be banned . 
  its identical low effort spam . 
  last season on the champ ladder had 7 iirc, 
  save me some time , cheers :d, 
  you can still be an anti-sjw . 
  you just do n't have to be the extreme insane type those guys are . 
  advocate the legal rights of women and minorities but vigorously oppose any push to give them more rights than anyone else . 
  champion equality and shun equity !, 
  the real selling point would be that the upgraded item doesnt take up a storage slot :d, 
  i 've no problem with drones when i have a shotgun or smg but i really want to play cannons and melee but cant at the moment . 
  he will torture you now just like joffray tormented tyrone in game of thrones . 
  i do n't see having access to only one isp as being comparable to choosing to use a search engine . 
  imagine you go to a fair or circus , theres a red blue and green tent . 
  80 % of people go into the blue tent on their own free will . 
  is it unfair or anti-competition for the blue tent to sell blue products over green products ? 
  im pretty sure thats just some other black jedi and everyone here should be ashamed of themselves for being racist . 
  jim and pam are the only ones who arent losers that you hate . 
  that jesus did n't support joerogans policy . 
  even if he streamed 16h a day , a kid being able to walk into the room and talk to his dad about jesus ... biblethump, 
  you lose trust with everything .
