  was genuine . 
  i had to stop reading two paragraphs in as my brain started to hurt . 
  probably why i do n't know about these types of people . 
  when we still accept breeding animals ( cows/pigs/chickens ) for the purpose of killing them and eating their dead bodies , we should not object to cloning or experimentation . 
  apex dupe to mule to mule , wait a few months , to main . 
  i want to call up and ask for a refund . 
  but i do n't pre-order video games, 
  fwproblems, 
  i do n't play aa anymore , but i suspect its a midi file over the top of the video . 
  and spore !, 
  the caprica series is interesting . 
  same world but more drama ish . 
  also created lore conflicts ( colonials creating resurection ) . 
  but cool cgi and the famous joseph adama ( the lawyer ) lampkins was so fond of . 
  you can skip through every scene involving daniels wife and the young red haired girl and not miss a thing . 
  the tv series rome is the only other show i can put on the same pedestal as bsg . 
  17th precinct also worth googling . 
  can stream the pilot online . 
  harry potter for adults with the same ron d moore brilliance and some familiar faces . 
  i can personally confirm the opposite !, 
  it 's 100 % p2w . 
   new minimum distance of 250m for airdrops to appear from a player . 
  gon na penalize the guy calling it ? 
  or is it 250m from any player ? 
  if you think the game will drastically change ... you 're going to have a bad time . 
  name one early access game that rectified a serious problem before launch ? 
  replace yellow mansion with electro church . 
  oh she 's super cute , just does nothing substantial in the series yet take up an extraordinary amount of on screen time . 
  wtf ? 
  your hardware does matter . 
  you need to realize that pc is the superior platform because of its hardware . 
  mobiles , consoles and laptops are just weak pc 's that attempt to perform the same task and fail . 
  using the pic above , each platform can do everything that devices lower on the platform can do better . 
  using a laptop is fine , as long as you accept that what you 're doing , could be done better on a pc . 
  if you spent as much on a pc as you did on the laptop , which would be superior ? 
  bitcoin . 
  that is all . 
  eli5 : what is injection mold ? 
  som is a trap . 
  20 * 10 minute story missions that you need to do to unlock abilities . 
  then you brandwarchiefs , it can be done in a variety of ways an is super entertaining , but once you have them all under your control , there 's nothing left to do . 
  fanboys will talk up the side missions that surmount to `` kill 10 rats in stealth . 
  kill 10 rats with a bow . 
  kill 10 rats with executions '', 
  you 're right , centralized currency is clearly foolproof !, 
  when this is all over , and you 're done with her . 
  get her to do an ama . 
  it shows how a centralized system can be abused and it 's effect on individuals . 
  for sure , it 's impractacle at the moment while bitcoin is in its infancy . 
  augustus cesar implements bitcoin across the empire . 
  are you denying the value of comment karma ? 
  it 's silver to link karma 's gold . 
  no choice should be denied by a third party . 
  i fear that after a few sessions i 'll hit the content wall , sorely missing the features that arent ready yet and become bored with the game . 
  come launch will have no interest in playing . 
  til poor people with addictions are socially undesirable /, 
   they got too confused and just decided to wing it . 
  lol . 
  i used to think this was a tree fiddy but this confirms it is legit . 
  your theories your stories . 
  $ 3.50 membership fee applies . 
  consider it done !, 
   $ 50 says the next update says zack came over and pounded jenny . 
  i 'll take that bet and raise you tree fiddy, 
  in 2007 the australian prime minister lost his seat and the election . 
  our current prime minister is a constitutional monarchist , are you also ? 
  17th precinct, 
  do you know zack ? 
  if so and you 're married to another guy , i have news for you !, 
  some complaints are so trivial that they deserve to be mocked . 
  nobody is being censored , posts are n't being deleted so there 's no problem . 
  i see miley cyrus as a role model . 
  i expect to see her act like a lady . 
  you can play enough heartstone at 51 % or be really really really good at mtg . 
  certs being cash store only is ridiculous . 
  imagine the outrage if you could only get houses from the store . 
  but serious , why even play aa anymore . 
  it 's beyond a joke . 
  i left during the archeum sapling exodus . 
  that was retarded . 
  sounds like they were , faulty towers, 
  peace is a lie , there is only passion . 
  i a pre c8 u korektin da gai b cuz if no1 sed nefing den ppl wud fink dis wuz n apprprate medeum of convasation, 
  i would pay 150 + for a game that felt finished , with compelling content at launch . 
  the game is bad , i 'm smarter than you . 
  must be still subbed and this is the first post since x that 's got enough upvotes . 
  open your wallet , have `` fun '', 
  southpark already did this with startup names . 
  if he tries to fight you be like `` the note is for you dawg cuz bro ! '', 
  peasants are a lie , there is only pc . 
  through pc , i gain power . 
  through power i gain superiority . 
  through superority i gain victory . 
  gaben shall set you free . 
  every time a brother buys a peasantbox another exclusive is released . 
  i think if we got together and did some old fashioned genocide , killing those of inferior species , consoles would stop being made and we would have world peace . 
  if i can discover it , i should be able to colonize it . 
  next she will be giving kisses and just playing with it a little . 
  no sweety , i have you little naggers just to prove that im not . 
  morrowind was memorable .
