   soon . 
  soccer is a bitch sport full of pussies , but that was amazing . 
  social control ? 
  superman is going to be fucking pissed people found it . 
  genders reversed would be in jail for stalking/sexual harassment . 
  wow , bigot . 
  do n't liken homosexuals to animals . 
  / s but not really but really because it 's all dumb, 
  what set is crush in ? 
  no , she placed his penis in her mouth , did one singular thrust and then went to sleep . 
  ahh , the book about the corrupt deceitful lawyer who uses shoddy forensics to get a one armed black rapist off the hook . 
  / r/writingprompts the deathray does n't kill obama but instead reveals his skeleton to be a machine controlled by a tiny lizard operating levers inside . 
  political correctness, 
  i 'd say the opposite is true , as a species we look for equality for all , have a collective sense of liberty and justice , right from wrong but as an individual its all about me me me me me me me . 
  birds of a feather . 
  third man in is always a blindsiding bitch, 
  money grabs losing money . 
  vaporware . 
  amazon 2018 , undead 2019 . 
  with everything serverside , risk of cheating slim . 
  ca n't say that about any sandbox game to have ever existed . 
  risks are devs fucking it up in terms of faction balance/endgame content . 
  devs have reacted promptly to exploits during alpha . 
  currently capturing a port does nothing of consequence aside from changing the color of the port on the map , so gameplay is just leveling up for now . 
  other concern is a `` big patch '' that really just changes how crews operate , not something id call big in terms of content therefore may take years for it to be launch ready . 
  i am flag captain sailing third rate on pvp2 . 
  i do n't believe i am a homosapien . 
  at least you 're wearing underwear . 
  build a wall to keep the brigaders out . 
  could we call nazis nationalist socialists , could we call gooks vietnameese and just call japanese , japanese or are we only allowed to be bigoted towards white groups ? 
  same , i used to like him . 
  liked watching his board game show . 
  winced during the slave episode , eyerolledr shutup wesley , and his recent `` omg because i am privelaged male i cant understand anything and i am wrong because male and sux '', 
  so hes now dead to me . 
  i do n't like it when someone asks me something while looking at their phone . 
  started riding motorized bikes at 12, 
  jamie janes was jammed in his jimmy jams , jimmy jams worn by jamie janes remains with jacqui james . 
  50/50 to win the lottery tomorrow !, 
  non american , saw that signfield episode about tips , whats the appropriate % again ? 
  i think if it was atrocious it would be zero . 
  that is the literal definition of what the government does . 
  it determines if an act is lawful or not . 
  humans should empathize with victims but the government legislation and law enforcement needs to deal with facts . 
  clawpaws , fucking clawpaws always clawing after other peoples money . 
  my great great great great grandfather was sent to australia from ireland for vandalism , id like to join the blm movement and talk about how oppressed i am as a result . 
  this is what happens when you look for equity and why you should oppose jobs/uni placement for race/gender/religion . 
  you should always get the best person . 
  how the fuck do you get mvp with a negative kda ? 
  you mean , equity . 
  poor guy , his daughter must be so fucking hot, 
  i would like all my interactions with other people in public places recorded . 
  ahh , i see . 
  it 's like an encouragement/participation award . 
  i disagree , it would be like saying jesus and mohammed were the same person or zeus/apollo . 
  while the literal translation might be the same , they are different fictional entities . 
  when i was in highschool , i knew marajuana was bad , so i 'd only do weed/pot . 
  cried when i found out . 
  it 's more amazing people read obvious bullshit . 
  also a type of reddit mod, 
  * stands and sings australias national anthem whos lyrics amount to ' i found this do you want it ? 
  wow . 
  he literally copied and pasted the comment . 
  no one would have cared if he quoted and attributed it to him . 
  just do n't talk to people , ever . 
  if he muskets , you grenade , if he grenades you musket ? 
  does n't seem right . 
  `` thanks for letting me know you had difficulty , if it was n't for you i would n't have a job helping people who cant perform simple tasks '', 
  how the fuck are there refugees in france ? 
  italy/germany/spain too shit ? 
  finish oblivion at level 5 , no point leveling up :(, 
  i do n't see these rules and could use your help . 
  could you mark it on a map ? 
  that girl that thought it would be a good idea to spend 80 % of her income on rent then blamed the yelp ceo for it publicly . 
  why would you ask this :(, 
  ba wiki editing paid off !, 
   battlestar galactica , 
  so say we all !, 
  it will be modded in , not sure about being a drain though , it 's free labor . 
  +25 % production . 
  game developers should be focusing on making the best game they can , not the game that appeals most to a gender/religion/nationality . 
  or perhaps take it as a hint to stop texting someone, 
  damn filthy biped !, 
  such racism, 
  i think the guy was being punched in the face regardless of his nationality . 
  nothing like cockburn in hoseason . 
  already played for all three endings . 
  too late todd, 
  ~ ~ white guy master race ! ~ ~, 
  wearing a kkk or nazi uniform is passive racism . 
  i said the same thing about beiber , didnt work . 
  people who ask questions that do n't have any consequence in an urgent demanding tone . 
  the man from earth, 
  you used treason units . 
  many people with beachfront properties have trouble with nippers on their lawns . 
  til : if you have a doctorate but were ever affiliated with the kkk , your honorific is ignored . 
  ahh , so its only a supremacist group when it advocates the rights of whites . 
  i think day to day interactions is different from naming them formally in an article . 
  being a fast is required for being a sprinter . 
  being agile is required for being a dancer . 
  being able to ignore words on the internet is required for streaming/esports/actor / singer/politician,
