  person making the attempt or threat has actually or apparently, 
  a present ability to effect the person 's purpose , is said to, 
  assault that other person , and the act is called an assault . 
  common assault, 
  ( 1 ) any person who unlawfully assaults another is guilty of a, 
  misdemeanour , and is liable , if no greater punishment is, 
  provided , to imprisonment for 3 years . 
  may vary based on state/country . 
  mra 's should be called equality activists . 
  / r/conspiracy but what if its true ? 
  there is a large number of sjw 's and islamic extremist forums and online communities brigaiding worldnews for a while now with propaganda and `` eyewitness accounts '' most of which are likely bullshit if you listen to those who actually live in these places , many crimes have been covered up and ignored and is being painted as a `` peacefull immigration '' of sorts to deny problems with mass immigration in the balkans and western european states, 
  is it really though ? 
  you cant post spoilers for things that have been out for over a year . 
  it 's the rule . 
  fuck anyone that complained because they 're just shit cunts that dont care , wont watch it and just want to qq because they 're sad people . 
  and naturally in base , at spawn not doing anything but attention whoring , 
  pretty cool event imo, 
  i liked taylor swifts more . 
  im disapointed that no turtles have been nominated for best male actor . 
  i saw , now be like `` remember 20 years ago when i killed those 5 guys ? 
  yeah lem me use one '', 
  tbh should be people related to the king/targ/claim on iron throne as opposed to random derp nobody cares about . 
  or give variable points based on worth/status of person . 
  i never got around to it . 
  nation designer extender , has every stat/govt type as options . 
  or steam \\ steamapps \\ common \\ europa universalis iv \\ common \\ custom_ideas, 
  i believe all matters are decided by glorious supreme leader in korea . 
  because nobody cares about the opinions of a skier . 
  stand on top of hills , go down them fast , then shut your mouth . 
  one time i was really really angry with someone , i thought i could kill them . 
  i chose not to . 
  was a serbian . 
  people forget that papers rather make money than push agenda . 
  do n't go outside , nah im not . 
  8 hit points . 
  rule 2 . 
  when the entire whoever/whomever clause is the subject of the verb that follows the clause , look inside the clause to determine whether to use whoever or whomever . 
  examples :, 
  whoever is elected will serve a four-year term . 
  whoever is the subject of is elected . 
  the clause whoever is elected is the subject of will serve . 
  whomever you elect will serve a four-year term . 
  whomever is the object of elect . 
  whomever you elect is the subject of will serve . 
  a word to the wise : whomever is even more of a vogue word than whom . 
  many use it indiscriminately to sound cultured , figuring that no one will know any better . 
   others told me to kill myself etc and said i was a failure and disgraced my family and all that other lovely stuff . 
  it 's good that you realized that they were just words on the internet and that you did n't actually have to do anything . 
  / r/talesfromretail next month, 
  today some mongoloid neckbeard brought in a pizza coupon . 
  the deal was n't exceptional and i would n't have cared had he not run in and screamed `` there is no 30th of feb so this never expires '', 
  i try to imagine what it would be like killing my friends , neighbours , people i went to school with , the treason , the dishonor just to avoid paying taxes . 
  you americans have some icy blackness in your hearts . 
  does this mean i have to pay you every time i catch an uber in australia ? 
  mrw someone pretends the existence of reddit mods matter . 
  i will make a video entitled `` fine bros retract '', 
  are you telling me 8 people drove to the venue , endured the collection of mouthbreathers and foul smells to then proudly exclaim when asked who they support `` i dont know '', 
  has to be a disability right ? 
  i thought women and booze was a meme . 
  wow , poor disabled people . 
  they know their existence is an inconvenience and annoyance for others ;(, 
  your friends are non hetrosexuals . 
  heather greyham . 
  ive had a thing for girls on rollerskates my entire life because of her . 
  brode : we ; ve run out of ideas for cards , so we 're just going to make you rebuy them again !, 
  massive padded bra . 
  you know how in hearthstone there 's a thing called casual mode ? 
  you can play it , but nobody really cares if you do . 
  the world championship winner will be playing standard . 
  it 's not as bad as the swastika i have on my forehead . 
  this sub is like an echo chamber with cult like chanting amongst non americans or those who cant vote . 
  there is already equality in the law in that there is no article or legislation that treats someone differently based on race , nationality gender , ethnicity or religion . 
  racial issues these days are a cultural problem and im not sure how a legislator can fix it . 
  dayum , looked like 50kg : s, 
  having observed the comment in context to the previous i acknowledge your wit . 
  it 's a trap . 
  supergirl plot is overcome by character saying `` oh i bet you think a girl cant do this !, 
  ill show you ! '', 
  and then using superpowers resolves the problem . 
  * furiously does dishes, 
  galley ~ ~ slaves ! ~ ~ sailors !, 
  i just want a `` convert all non ~ ~ type2 ~ ~ non-standard cards to dust '' button . 
  fellow must therefore be a racial slur and associate a homophobic term . 
  how dare you have the temerity to express your opinion !, 
  you should apologize and be ashamed because of your ethnicity and gender !, 
  inhales and exhales competently and reliably . 
  regular bowel movements . 
  can tell the time using only a clock . 
  can exchange legal tender for goods or services . 
  there has not been a decent gsg set in ancient rome since eu : rome . 
  it 's only a baby . 
  wait until its fully grown to help preserve native australian wildlife . 
  flush them out the airlock !, 
  wow you bigot !, 
  you used one particular vowel in your comment way more than the other vowels !, 
  why do n't you better represent the letter u ? 
  [ niggerfaggot ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g2ntbqbtgug ), 
  she is also attractive . 
  i only played non type 2 for ... never . 
  for king and country !,
