  now im just being greedy !, 
  would like riskvreward in all situations = any death in a warzone gives killer x gold . 
  would be regardless of instigator . 
  you 're my favourite twelvie streamer !, 
  one of the other replies indicated that it 's not because women cant perform at a high level , its that so few attempt it . 
  eg : people without thumbs , people who 's given name is `` swjkdfunsibfeuysfsaijbfdf '' and people from moose creek canada , while not less able , make up less than 1 in the top thousand . 
  last century . 
  but really , a gay only prison ? 
  sounds like an ass load of fun , 
  would be super cool if you could though :d, 
  you just got yourself a downvote !, 
  peasant in disguise !, 
  what 's a us soccer fan ? 
  never heard that phrase before . 
  wot rly gits me iz wen ppl tipe liek dis n den wen u tel dem dat dey r idoits dey git mad n freaten 2 fone da polis, 
  hello i am an aurorian prince , i have large farm estates in auroria that are currently on hold until i pay a 500 gold fee . 
  if you send me 500 gold , i will use it to unlock those estates and give you 1000 gold . 
  we will both benefit from this and i hope to hear from you soon . 
  the early colonies were pretty op , colonial mexico was quickly snapped up . 
  a balanced version could be something like the kosj mod , also featured in en veritas , in which the mechanics encourage you to hold only a few provinces to get super bonuses to forcelimits/income etc. 
  people becoming irate over $ 5 is quite humorous . 
  to compensate for the girls not being top heavy, 
  til non identical nails are intentional , blingfinger , people consider it an expression/hobby . 
  aww damn , knew it would be a black guy :(, 
  in a month from now it will be revealed the kid had a bomb or a syringe or something . 
  to be honest , seems like a bit of a chore , like when i clip mine . 
  then in 1776 some englishmen lost their way , started killing other englishmen , throwing away almost eight centuries of tradition and heritage all for the sake of lower taxes . 
  / u/derptron5k as the top response to the first thread :, 
   whatever you do , try not to tell her she 's crazy or needs medication , as this will alienate her whether it 's true or not . 
  hrm, 
  anyone born after 2000 should be banned from driving . 
  motor vehicle accidents kill more people than smoking , reduced emissions from cars will preserve the planet and due to lower consumption the price of petrol will fall . 
  you 're with me right newloaf ? 
  i also do n't like hipsters , anyone born after 2010 cant wear non prescription sunglasses . 
  better yet , theres a high crime rate per capita in minority groups , we should stop letting people into the country based on ethnicity !, 
  lets do it newloaf !, 
  they were n't counterarguments , they were equal absurdities . 
  shrewed job seekers , single males would be wise to bring their own contract to job interviews volunteering the waive their ` paternity leave ' or fill the role as a subcontractor . 
  hows the weekly total going ? 
  5 larges ? 
  i present to you pcmasterrace cards, 
  these 6 limited edition trading cards are on sale for the low price of $ 5.99 . 
  get yours today . 
  stocks limited . 
  not trolling , i really thought that 's the only reason incest was illegal . 
  me too , but i fear the series may have climaxed in the pilot . 
  from here it will just be the west wing in the middle east . 
  plot arc for 5 seasons : have family issue ( wife/son/daughter ) , have government issue ( rebels , terrorists , dissenters , infighting , usurping ) . 
  resolve family issue and be inspired to resolve government issue in the same manner or vice versa ), 
  notice on the plane scene at the end she appeared to have one of those tatoos on the back of her hand ? 
  that attention to detail is almost gold worthy !, 
  lollards and wotr equivalents for france imo , im sure theres enough history to implement something . 
  age restrictions are something set up by society , boob restrictions are set up by a million years of evolution . 
  australian disclaimer : not 100 % what you americans call middle school , im thinking junior high ? 
   ( sorry about the title misspell ), 
  stop spelling titles wrong !, 
  you cant easily fix those if you goof them up !, 
  sounds like you should have checked the price over the store loudspeaker . 
  has the same graphics as watch_dogs, 
  cynically : we 're only getting a fraction of whats out in korea so they can sell it to us later/release it slowly . 
  ( eg : buy cool not best in slot level 50 item , raise cap to 55 , sell us cool not best in slot level 55 item ), 
  optimistically : trion are ensuring nothing super dumb ( like 10k gold coinpurses/op subs/intra-contenent trading ) makes it to na . 
  that 's why we 're getting 1.2 as opposed to koreas current version . 
  i have a friend called jarrod who said he moved out after a fight with his grandmother and hasnt spoken to any family members for years . 
  brainwallet seems mechanically sound , just fools with basic phrases are being parted with their money . 
  qqq got called a jew on the internet ? 
  instead of taking pics and posting on reddit , could have just ignored/blocked and got on with your life . 
  i pooped a little bit when i saw 2 bananas . 
  that was brilliant !, 
   korea to be nothing but customers throwing money at [ riot ], 
  less than america that 's for sure !, 
  you can generate gilda stars without ever entering a hostile zone . 
  sorry that other people exist that are n't you , i can see how that is inconvenient . 
  i 'll have a talk with the team and promise that next time you come we 'll have that sorted out !, 
  ahh bugger me , i will ninja edit it to `` intra-contenental '' and nobody but you will be wiser , 
  i am surprised tony abbot was n't blamed for this . 
  was his daughters name , died when she was 5 . 
  also appears to be 1 fps . 
  give / u/hartman tree fiddy, 
  what do you do ? 
  what about this one ? 
  nah , not classifying that . 
  disagree : you are making a cheeseburger , you put the meat and pickles on and pass it to the greens to put the cheese on . 
  they refuse unless you also agree to put chocolate on it . 
  legislative compromise makes good governance difficult . 
  one word : admirable, 
  love that guy . 
  i read op as saying `` i listen to ingame music . 
  what should i do ? '', 
  i was going to pirate it , but then i remembered i would find playing it unpleasant . 
  i think the same about anyone with a tattoo or non ear facial piercing :(, 
  lady : i got this butterfly in bali to remind me of when i was there, 
  me : does your brain not do that for you ? 
  australian : no . 
  i use wtfast to go from 270 to 230 . 
  add 0.5 seconds to global cooldown . 
  do n't bother with fast attack speed melee class . 
  requiem does ok . discord/chain lightning/arch lightning is about all i can do ok in pvp if the crit lands , 
  usually because those mmo 's are bad and no sane person plays them after a month . 
  tv series `` mimic '' featuring grey worm from game of thrones , had an episode where the main character went through airport security and was found to have naked pictures of himself when he was a child .
