  when i found out santa wasnt real i decided that jesus wasnt real , and if jesus wasnt real , did the holocaust even happen ? 
  did adam and eve live ? 
  cain and able ? 
  or are they just made up stories . 
  i consider myself christian but think its all made up , does n't mean that the stories and morals taught are any less virtuous or less valid . 
  id imagine it would be hard to prove a negative and similarly would be unpopular to try to prove . 
  feel free to quote these scholars with a link . 
  if you want we can debate it on discord infront of an audience of 10-20 people . 
  i think there should be special dick sucking divisions and leagues like there are in chess and physical sports to support women in this male dominated pursuit . 
  feelsgoodman, 
  but if we included all these trivial useless things like `` plot and agendas '' we wouldnt get to see the lizard man falling over and talking funny . 
  remember when destiny told kaceytron she was moderately attractive ? 
  she 's been on a diet in an effort to trim up so next time they speak he might say she looks nice . 
   the alt right got so good at radicalizing young men like geentron over the internet is because `` hes just a shit poster '' excuse and no one really paying attention to them . 
  both sides have and equal amount of shit posters . 
  replace anti-semite with homosexual and realize why its wrong . 
  looks a lot like destiny 's twitter feed . 
  monkas, 
  those are some pretty specific fields , i was referring to `` the left/the right '' in a broad sense that includes each radical group in their respective categories . 
  i do n't know if its just to have someone wait 2 years after they were arrested before sentencing them . 
  also not sure if a threatening text is `` terrorism '' . 
  hey britney , you could post pics to a website and make some easy money , ill drive you for a cut . 
  hey britney your mom just texted me , i told her to fuck off . 
  arrested a week later . 
  didnt kidnap the kids , didnt force them at gunpoint , sounds like one child peer pressuring another child to do something . 
  i peer pressured another kid when i was 16 , told him to give the fat kid a nipple cripple . 
  considered bitcoin ? 
  fucking sodapoppin , that guys a racist keepo, 
  mate you just gish galloped over an ad hominem and punched that straw man with your mighty fallacy !, 
  post history is a nice meme too . 
  you have a lot to learn astewa18 , a lot . 
  you need to be more humble with your approach in certain topics that go beyond shallow topics of current events and politics ( easy picks , unless you do n't mind looking like a complete imbecile , which i know you care , given the recent ego-trip you have been in ) . 
  just a reminder that you have spent the good part of your life barely surviving , fighting not to be homeless and wiping floors in stadiums , while most of us have been intellectually curious and dedicating our time to learn , read and listen people that are smarter than us . 
  so either you are completely oblivious of how much information/education you have missed in the past 2 decades ( and how far behind you are vs other actual intelligent people ) , or you think yourself smarter than the majority , in which case i have to remind you that smart people not necessarily start questioning the world at the age of 30 , certainly do n't spend their 20s doing manual work and living with their parents . 
  forming rational thoughts is not an acomplishment , i get it you are excited because this is new to you , but most people were doing that in high school , ( while passing the classes you are still completely oblivious about , like calculus ? 
  do you even know what that is ? ) . 
  be humble , you will learn more that way . 
  i reckon you could make a video about a video game that you like ensuring you have a quality microphone , talk over some gameplay so people have something to look at and then post it in that games subreddit . 
  you would be doing something constructive with something you 're passionate about !, 
  i use voicemeter ( free software ) to cancel out that static noise . 
  if you gave money to charity instead of making that reply you could have saved someones life . 
  fuck you murderer !, 
  i have seen her boobs, 
  this is the first post in the triggered rage posting spree ... for today . 
  she 's a cute asian girl he plays league with : https://www.twitch.tv/lolnatsumiii, 
   their leader ** s ** are assassinated, 
  do you just mean mlk ? 
  it 's your duty to screenshot people baited by pastas for when they delete , then edit your post to include the screenshot . 
  i dont think there is a place for opinion on offer here . 
  it would be state legislation that determines if loss protection officers can forcibly detain someone . 
  the opinion that could be on offer , that could be open for debate , would be `` were the actions taken to lawfully detain her within reason '' being punched in the face or shot wouldnt be . 
  gj , i suspected as much . 
  so is there any doubt the amount of time and manner in which she was detained was reasonable ? 
   i do n't understand whats so controversial about my posts . 
  this is not common . 
  these employees are following the law . 
  you seem to be arguing that because you worked for a company that decided that not to pursue their legal rights that it 's somehow unorthodox . 
  how triggered are you right now ? 
  you can tell by the capitalisation and including profanity followed by a grandiose statement about humanity that he was in fact triggered . 
   these employees are following the law . 
  you seem to be arguing that because you worked for a company that decided that not to pursue their legal rights that it 's somehow unorthodox . 
  where in my initial comment did i say `` mate you said they broke the law '' ? 
  perhaps it is not i who failed to read the comment properly . 
  as you have missed that , or miss-understood what was said , now that ive explained it to you so you understand the point . 
  would you like to make an apology ? 
  it 's important to realise when you 're wrong and take it in your stride . 
  not the `` oh its all cgi fake videos '' memes , but i appreciate the effort that goes into the flat earther arguments . 
  a disk traveling vertically ? 
  that shits creative as fuck . 
  to explain the travel time between south america and australia , i reckon you could go with , strong winds , a convex earth , so that from the edges to the center you 're faster . 
  but it was the worlds smartest person , athene who made me really think , [ the word is a donut . 
  ] ( http://www.aleph.se/andart/archives/images/torusdonut2.html ), 
  you have a lot to learn destiny , a lot . 
  you need to be more humble with your approach in certain topics that go beyond shallow topics of current events and politics ( easy picks , unless you do n't mind looking like a complete imbecile , which i know you care , given the recent ego-trip you have been in ) . 
  just a reminder that you have spent the good part of your life barely surviving , fighting not to be homeless and wiping floors in stadiums , while most of us have been intellectually curious and dedicating our time to learn , read and listen people that are smarter than us . 
  so either you are completely oblivious of how much information/education you have missed in the past 2 decades ( and how far behind you are vs other actual intelligent people ) , or you think yourself smarter than the majority , in which case i have to remind you that smart people not necessarily start questioning the world at the age of 30 , certainly do n't spend their 20s doing manual work and living with their parents . 
  forming rational thoughts is not an acomplishment , i get it you are excited because this is new to you , but most people were doing that in high school , ( while passing the classes you are still completely oblivious about , like calculus ? 
  do you even know what that is ? ) . 
  be humble , you will learn more that way . 
  both of you are racist for thinking that experience with technology comes from people of a specific race or nationality . 
  / u/kuschelpuh is the undisputed best albion player of all time for those of you wondering . 
  shame it was a shoutout to d.gg instead of destiny 's real fans on twitch . 
  i think missy is a great , interesting character who happens to be female . 
  if they go down the same path with the new doctor it wont be a problem . 
  if they go down the `` super girl tv series '' route where every plot obstacle is overcome with a triumphant shout `` ha !, 
  i did it because im female ! '', 
  woah , heretic !, 
  nobody compares to martha and rose . 
  i do n't care about the % of women in games or the % of men in gymnastics of ballet . 
  if federal legislation banned women from gaming , id protest in the streets . 
  i think theres a stigma associated with men in ballet and the focus of society and the media is on the prima ballerinas and not on the men involved . 
  i wanted hayley atwell so bad :(, 
  `` i looked at youtube comments '' is the modern day `` i read on a toilet stall wall '' and then quoting it as if it is something of worth . 
  i liked what you did with point two , only avid fans would do that . 
  lol !, 
  well the graphics guy was busy and the bbc chairmen saw the return serve and said `` yo lets make a dr who trailer . 
  go now '' so they went on craigslist and fou ... 
  wait thats not even close to what would ever happen . 
  twitch is a business , it has little competition , it generates revenue through bits/adds and subs on these `` non gaming '' channels . 
  why should they throw it away ?
