  dayum , its almost as if the criteria is about acting instead of race . 
  how many white guys win asian film awards in china/japan/korea ? 
  the kids names is tyrone, 
  the problem is people like you creating issues out of thin air . 
  spend lots of money to buy ip rights , spend small amount of money on game = cyanide, 
  time for the balkans to reunite under one banner and for the purple phoenix to arise and retake constantinople !, 
  there are a whole lot of retarded cunts mouthbreathing of late . 
  perhaps you 're the issue . 
  build a sublair with appropriate security and soundproofing and make her yours . 
  people do n't seem to realize how hard it is for the white male to overcome this level of oppression . 
  ive had dreams about breaking into his house and pressing it . 
  que bono ? 
  oh shit you fucked him up, 
  i can tell jennifer is hot . 
  you can shit in the shower too , and use suction to force it down the drain . 
  whats wrong with hitler ? 
  i admire him for he work regarding animal protection legislation . 
  every western country adopted his policy . 
  you should n't become a politician/singer/actor / tv personality/streamer/youtber or any other job that puts you in the spotlight unless you can handle criticism . 
  comments are super confusing for those from countries who drive on the left . 
  ahh , sweet sweet day driver , unbesmirched by the cuntslime that is humanity after 9pm . 
  busy night ? 
  busy night ? 
  can i bring this mcdonalds or other such food into the car ? 
  i promise i wont eat it . 
  ( 100 % of the time they begin to eat/make mess within 5 minutes ), 
  hope your not white or bernie wo n't help you . 
  aye , i had to google it , i thought millennials were people who were only alive during one millennia , because those people are adults soon . 
  i thought he was the shizzle until he said that . 
  i guess i do n't understand because i am white and grew up poor . 
  you can climb any mountain !, 
  asap . 
  bring cash , find trailer park , make proposition . 
  check for deformity before purchase . 
  society came about around the same time humans did . 
  therefore , having two legs was caused by society . 
  most stories about aboriginies before colonization amount to [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rplibwhdxam ), 
  q1 2025 with dayz launch afaik, 
  if you want the country 's economy to grow , dont block the roads . 
  i think if you upload a video/image to the internet it would be the same as taking out a full page add in the newspaper . 
  squirrel dude has my vote, 
  nazi mod in training, 
  username checks out, 
  the changes cyanide made will have no visible effect due to two minute pools , positive win coaches just more likely to be the ones with lower tv . 
  twitch banned me for 24h for having the word niggle in my title while playing bloodbowl . 
  ( google bloodbowl niggle for context ), 
  twitch fucked me in the dick, 
  well met !, 
  saw her in a movie and even went as far as to shoot at regan to win her over . 
  if only there was an orange glow that did the math for people, 
  passive aggressive reply list for wife :, 
  `` wow that 's some poor judgement '', 
  `` what other things confuse you ? '', 
   i 've never said anything against people eating meat, 
  5/7 do n't believe . 
  no hablo espaniol muchacho but did n't spain/portugal colonize mexico and brazil ? 
  is it because there were more sexy times with natives in mexico ? 
  im a bit confused , if only there was an orange glow . 
  if not appealed and overturned , i will never call the police again , about anything . 
  i hear your grandma screaming for help in an alley at night ? 
  walking on and doing nothing . 
  me : officer i swear i did n't know, 
  karma policeman pineapplefountain : no lollygaggin, 
  fuck the police, 
  presidential elections are costly and chaotic , i think the country 's leader should be decided by hereditary rule . 
  using agnatic primogeniture i 'm sure a legitimate heir can be found . 
  oldest brother , fathers brother , fathers brothers son etc, 
  a different way of coring is n't something super cool and fun compared to past dlc, 
  i 'd like to share my opinion but i 've been told as a white male i know nothing . 
  i refuse to swim in lava because i might burn to death . 
  why are they still called paid speeches and not bribes ? 
  australia says no . 
  as an australian who 's great great great great grandfather was sent from ireland to australia as punishment for a minor crime , i would like to receive reparations from the current english government . 
  while there are no records , im sure my catholic ancestors were persecuted by cromwell and that has caused me financial hardships as i am not a billionaire living on a private island . 
  id like to live in a country where the people vote on who becomes their leader . 
  if i go to the trouble of organizing a speech/rally and some random person with another agenda shows up and wants to mic hog , id show them the door too . 
  what some people think is being an asshole , others find to be hilarious satire . 
  / u/schmetlappio may be a sex offender . 
  there is no recourse legally for someone saying `` i heard the following rumour '', 
  shame , shame , shame . 
  downloading is also making a copy , therefore you are a producer . 
  same as a guy in a basement with a camera . 
  there was also a bakery that didnt have a gluten free option . 
  damn those biggots . 
  statutory rape if we are playing semantics . 
  or you 'd have no customers as nobody would care because their problem is insignificant in comparison to eternity and presumably immortality would be the body not decaying therefore ageing is irrelevant . 
  that she really likes doing laundry ? 
  two of the sentences in the title bear relevance to his character . 
  the potential for the other two candidates to become president . 
  i think there are people who believe that they have more in common with sanders than they really do and they are willing to excuse his flaws because they think they can trust him . 
  and of course he is good at feeding their fear and anger . 
  lots of similarities to 1930 's germany in that way . 
  my gripe is that single robot planets in a sector are deemed worthy by the ai to have every tile blocker removed as the highest priority, 
  as a non brit , i watch little britain to get a taste of what the regions people are really like . 
  it 's actually gilly 's baby sam and layana stark that give birth to the prince that was promised , its obvious when you think about it . 
  xenophobic space nazis would have a pretty cool backstory , 
  reynad confirmed first person to be salty ever . 
  damn immitators . 
  how good is kripparian - heyguyshowsigoingkrippairanhere today im going to talk about how good i am at arena . 
   spoonman vs stringer bell - friday 27th may 6:00 am gmt ( this one i can not stream , zzz ),
