  i did n't think old people used reddit . 
  i 've got karma to spend so i 'll take it . 
  part of my brain has been rewired to misstrust that particular zone and invokes a feeling of fear . 
  this is a human brain responding to trauma in something as trivial as a video game . 
  imagine it happening in real life ? 
  i thought star citizen was the last hope ? 
  why are transgendered people banned at all if they pass the tests and do their job . 
  is it because the right allege that they join for the `` free hormones '' like that character in orange is the new black ? 
  i also recall there being some fiasco in australia about females wanting/getting breast implants when enlisted on the taxpayer dollar . 
  tldr : is it a financial thing or just bigotry ? 
  i think lauren southern said destiny did private streams for his cultists , and she 's a reliable source for information as i trust her way more than that salmon of a cod guy . 
  rosalia is the greatest player ever to grace albion online with his presence . 
  in command prompt , tracert albiononline.com, 
  im with telstra , had the same problem , wtfast or noping offered an immediate fix back to 220 . 
  i like it . 
  perhaps make the ports near each blue royal city so veteran players have to go there and then ride through 3 blue zones to get to the black zone . 
  could also add auction houses to those ports to stimulate trade and offer profit for shrewd traders . 
  price will always rise , just like in every other game ever to exist with this system . 
  you have a lot to learn / u/deuce232 , a lot . 
  you need to be more humble with your approach in certain topics that go beyond shallow topics of current events and politics ( easy picks , unless you do n't mind looking like a complete imbecile , which i know you care , given the recent ego-trip you have been in ) . 
  just a reminder that you have spent the good part of your life barely surviving , fighting not to be homeless and wiping floors in stadiums , while most of us have been intellectually curious and dedicating our time to learn , read and listen people that are smarter than us . 
  so either you are completely oblivious of how much information/education you have missed in the past 2 decades ( and how far behind you are vs other actual intelligent people ) , or you think yourself smarter than the majority , in which case i have to remind you that smart people not necessarily start questioning the world at the age of 30 , certainly do n't spend their 20s doing manual work and living with their parents . 
  forming rational thoughts is not an accomplishment , i get it you are excited because this is new to you , but most people were doing that in high school , ( while passing the classes you are still completely oblivious about , like calculus ? 
  do you even know what that is ? ) . 
  be humble , you will learn more that way . 
  yes . 
  one day i 'll see veetus doing something good in a video veetgasm, 
  the silver you can earn through playing the game can easily pay for premium if you make any kind of effort and are n't just running around . 
  tools like `` last online '' should exist . 
  but id oppose logs for chests/watchtower t8 's etc as it would make zerg management too easy . 
   after a thousand years, 
   broken into two teams of 50 . 
  there are never even teams . 
  chopping 8.3 resources in a territory you are raiding . 
  on behalf of australians : you cunt . 
  why the fuck would you pick that time mate ? 
  are you fair dinkum gon na fuck us like that ? 
  why cant you do it every hour of the day simultaneously . 
  you 'd expect the # 1 fire mage to unleash a sick burn . 
  by vague and unsourced do you mean this video of a blackzone gm showing a pm from an opposing guild saying they 'd like to kick all but 300 members and join the alliance ? 
  i will get photo id and affidavit testimony in future . 
   `` sar ` nt , i 'm not going to arrest some chick because she hung up on you . 
  she gave you all the information about the dog , the owner , and the bite victim . '', 
  risky business right there , i 'd roc you for sure . 
  i am apart of the exploited gvg team , my gvg team was doing a hell gate and we were scammed by friendly after tricking lordvicious into giving him guild master . 
  he wanted to pressure black mamba so he contacted us to strategically sell a city plot to me . 
  so then we gave black mamba 5 million silver instead of 140 . 
  i offered lord vicious the chance to buy back the plot for cheap but they werent friendly . 
  you can pm the ceo on discord ... 
  colonized by the spanish people 's is the pc term right ? 
  people rob banks for money , commit fraud and scam others out of money all the time . 
  i see no difference between the usd and reddit karma . 
  do you mean the employees that are n't allowed to play and a handful of casters for the livestream who have a a separate mock gm account with teleport and invis ? 
  michael !, 
  jesus does n't like it when you ban grandma from twitter . 
  popular e-sports celebrity ver also known as midnight_ahri on twitch is a member of black mamba fyi . 
  hes a very important person and respected amongst the community and is recently struggling with health issues and i wish him all the best . 
  i think archduke friedrich wilhelm was an ape, 
  australian with 220 - 260 ping . 
  the world happens in real time , just what you see is delayed but your body movement isnt , unless the server corrects you ( rubber band ) . 
  it appears to you as if you killed it and were walking toward it , but really you died before walking but were informed after . 
  ride alongside a friend with high ping , it will appear to you that you are slightly ahead , to him it will appear as if he is ahead . 
  dont play melee with 220 + ping . 
  way too many gimmick builds for 1v1 's to be a thing imo . 
  that sort of smack talk is how they started ww2 . 
  do n't encourage them . 
  i think it 's pretty fair , i often see african americans doing that thing that he was unpleased with . 
  neo got shot alot in the matrix . 
  morpheus/niobe never did . 
  that was friendly of them to join , do you think they will continue to win again or continue to exist in mediocrity . 
  there is something special about you exploited fellows , i cant quite place it . 
  perhaps it 's that nobody gives a shit about anglia circle jerks , or is it a criminal use of caps lock in every post . 
  most people just capitalise the first letter of a noun but you guys seem do do entire words seemingly at random . 
  what 's worse is that that those words are used ambiguously . 
  schizer , spretchen de deustch :(, 
  it was n't strictly fake news , but was exertion propaganda from an exertion member , 
  who would like to fund an immortal crocodile feeding program ? 
  which game cant you leave an rejoin instantly ? 
  it was the first thing i thought about doing . 
   black lives matter with the kkk ,, 
  not american . 
  i was under the impression that they were both extremist groups pushing their own race based agenda with a `` if you arent with us you 're against us '' attitude . 
  good bot, 
  but could just link without being patronising . 
   one protests racial discrimination and the other targets and kills black people . 
  really though ? 
  would `` they both , through violent or menacing demonstration , seek to advocate benefits for their race above others '' be a fair statement ? 
  would also need to clarify who we 're talking about , the most moderate civil kkk/blm members or the most extreme or the median ? 
   violence done for the idea of equality and violence done for the intention of hate should be treated separately, 
  probably why non americans dont quite get it . 
  do you think allied involvement in ww2 was the pursuit of equality ? 
  please make a new one of these every day . 
  holy shit . 
  23 of 24 people think you just made it all up . 
  reddit mods are such cunts . 
  please lawfully and peacefully obtain hillary clintons hair , including follicle for 5,000 dollars . 
  yes , but not just corporations , everyone who plays should do it . 
  trade packs were the coolest thing about arch age, 
  yep , the +20 bs was a joke . 
  the archeum saplings felt pretty bad too .
