  was arrested . 
  i lold . 
  ultrasounds too !, 
  sugar daddy time !, 
  im only 20seconds off the 50m freestyle world record . 
  no twilight example ? 
  one in 5 billion ? 
  bushi is life , bushi is love !, 
  can confirm above . 
  however with no recruitment restrictions a strong guild could hold every single castle by leaving/joining dummy guilds when required . 
  sorry sean , did n't mean to bring this up again :(, 
  better than just deleting an entire subreddit . 
  i used to be an adventurer like you ... 
  solo to 50 no problem . 
  can pug any dungeon except gha . 
  fishing/trading roll 1d6 to determine if you 're ganked , add 1d6 for every person missing to 20 . 
  nah , some derp says three at the end and sean does n't bother correcting him . 
  i was as emotionally involved as i am when playing pac man . 
  then again i check way to many things on this list . 
  how the fuck is afl more popular than nrl . 
  seriously . 
  cd key sellers also make money through having lower operating expenses and offering a lower markup . 
  cjscdkeys for example is mostly automated where as steam acts as a psuedo retail store , matching their prices . 
  too many downvotes and they 'd just delete the subreddit . 
  source me !, 
  i 'm positive its been mentioned several times that its in the same location . 
  a few teachers have been fired for using the word niggardly over the years . 
  til : make enough unpopular opinions , get banned . 
  more please !, 
  chess holds women only tournaments . 
  equally absurd . 
  tbh i 'd like to see all sports eliminate gender segregation , even physical ones , as i 'd like to see the best of the species compete and see that particular sport at its best . 
  feel sorry for those paedophiles :(, 
  i 'd nick all his stuff and be like ` call the cops ! ' . 
  if cops arrive , say `` oh , thought he was giving them away as it is unlawful to sell them '', 
  killed a guy called wolfey over and over yesterday . 
  he was a bot . 
  i am a bushi . 
  i was declared innocent !, 
  for great justice !, 
  just delete c : / user/downloads/pictures / my dearest scapes and that should free up 20gig . 
  it worked for me !, 
  not a huge boxing fan myself , i imagine the ` heavy ' divisions have the greatest display of strength , speed , reflexes and tactics ? 
  i assume comparing a heavy division to a light division would be like watching an under 18 football match vs the national league . 
  i 'm sure that the an open division would result in the best in the world truly being the best . 
  larger people probably better at traditional boxing , smaller better at cage fighting , tall people kick boxing and others at wrestling ? 
  at an amateur level it 's all about encouragement and learning , no problem there . 
  but like any job ( profession ) , professional sports should have no restrictions or segregations based on gender/age/race / religion . 
  she is hot though , and i 'd defiantly like to engage in sexual relations with her . 
  i thought as much , but i 'm sure there 'd be a david that beats a goliath every now and then . 
  yes , not really interested in world middle weight left handed with ginger hair champion of the world . 
  not too keen on a 120kg division for jockeys either . 
  do n't want to see white guy only sprinting at the olympics and so on . 
  edit : see movie `` baseketball '', 
  she has no ugly , it 's sleek and fine tuned like a ferrari . 
  nfsw : http://www.angelogranata.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/02/ferrari-gtes-rear1.jpg, 
  but what if i am ... in a consensual manner, 
  spend a few hundred getting them whitened at the dentist every 6 months . 
  upside is you can smoke the smoke , drink the drink and not look like a meth mouth ; _ p, 
  damaged teeth !, 
  pull em out , get synthetic ones in . 
  a life without coffee is no life at all . 
  bushi is life , bushi is love . 
  come roll west , 
  askreddit mods banned me too , it 's probably just one overzealous guy who is a little bored . 
  banning first time offenders seems totally rational . 
  can we have a non-asian bracket ? 
  need to encourage non asians to compete in e-sports at top level . 
  not a single member of the church of the flying spaghetti monster participated in the last wcg . 
  this is clearly inherent discrimination in the rules . 
  i felt my testicles move up into my body when i watched that . 
  gg sir !, 
  i was once the 19 year old counter person , every degenerate scumbag having a bad day would run their mouth , now slightly older management i get my revenge `` oh your $ 1 drink wasnt cold enough ? 
  im so sorry i can understand how upset you are having spent so much money . 
  we do have a ` feed the homeless ' program and i could get you a flyer '', 
  9/10 they become more irate giving you more than enough to show them the door . 
  disclaimer : you have to deliver the line with sincerity and a poker face . 
  for something covered in the rules , sure . 
  something ambiguous or an insinuation , perhaps not . 
  my ban was ( 3 months ago ) because someone was on their high horse about got spoilers at work , there was a counter argument that if two people want to discuss book v show comparisons at work , show watchers should n't come running from across the room and throw a tantrum . 
  high horse guy started spewing obsceneties and i replied `` being rude gets you nowhere , i learned that lesson when tyrion killed tywin '', 
  got banned . 
  high horse swearing guy unscathed . 
  id like to stroke her pussy until it purrs . 
  i bet its smooth and soft to the touch . 
  if im going to breed animals for the purpose of killing them and eating their flesh or their unborn offspring , i clearly should n't care if it was in a cage before i killed and consumed it . 
  apologies , but its been two weeks !, 
  i am 99 % sure it is not . 
  am australian , ca n't hbo . 
  getting sick of the two party oligarchy mascaraing as a democracy ? 
  you 've got no representation there , just an a and b box . 
  i think you should go around killing everyone again , there 's precedent !, 
  people would venerate the wise founding father shotmaster and celebrate your actions for centuries !, 
  just as people would be celebrating hitlers victory if he won too . 
  i just like to stir up my american friends ( am australian + troll ) . 
  they get fiercely defensive and it 's hysterical , 
  in seriousness , i 'd make a terrible red or blue coat . 
  could n't kill the guy across the street who i grew up with . 
  i see colonial englishmen killing other englishmen is a special kind of ` shitty thing ', 
  turn is a reasonable tv series depicting the era .
