  it was deleted , im pretty sad :(, 
  ban the kniphelguard too !, 
  some people value their time at 0 , / u/firebluey just pointed out there are better ways to make money , 
  in the beta i played with and without a ping reducer , i do not recommend playing a melee character from australia . 
  players positions relative to yours are never accurate . 
  have very little issue with a bow/mage but for gvg/hellgates you really have to have some kind of ping reducer . 
  wtfast was good but would actually increase my load times between zones . 
  no idea why but i stopped using it for that reason . 
  over the last two days ive been using `` noping '' and it 's been amazing . 
  sunshine coast , qld -, 
  referal link if you want : https://nptunnel.com/?npref=yncxbojowf, 
  270 without , 230 with . 
  dont forget napoleon , what a bad guy . 
  im still seeking reparations for the crimes of julius caesar against my people . 
  in all articles of legislation in america , the uk , australia and any other western government all people receive equal treatment under the law . 
  you can make the argument about law enforcement , or judges interpreting that legislation with some kind of `` systemic '' inequality , but not the law itself in the literal sense . 
  whats with all these new memes about mrmouton and lillypichu ? 
  sounds a lot like hellgates . 
  i ca n't believe that mean man said mean words to you on the internet !, 
  you should take this to the president !, 
  im in an anglia bz guild t8 gatherer with a handful of territories , i dont think it needs a buff . 
  while i am hardcore , my guild is not . 
  the best of the best should be incentivsed to fight in mercia . 
  i was terrified at launch that the hardcore guilds in mercia all allied and was sure they 'd hoover up those enchanted resources and take over the world . 
  id be content with some kind of mechanic to discourage any outlands guild from beating up lower outlands/royals . 
  i will risk my life to go to dragonstone to get dragonglass for the purpose of killing undead . 
  i will bring friends with me to capture one but only jorah and i will use a weapon capable of hurting any enemy we are likely to face . 
  lets leave dragonstone with our crew and only 2 daggers !, 
  if you were to get every person on the planet to dedicate the next year and every computer on the planet dedicated to running albion it would still lag with 400 people fighting on the same screen . 
  i had a meme removed where i comedically compared a dev 's use of the smile face  to that in the ddos threat . 
  i am very sad about it as i thought it was a very nice meme , the kind of meme that comes along once in a lifetime . 
  i was careful not to make an allegation and just stated `` check out the similarities between these two messages '', 
  i would like to blame / u/e1sa without any factual evidence to back it up . 
  i like destiny 's stream , i like watching it but i fucking hate when he has that mistermouton guy on !, 
  talk about low iq . 
  it was valuable karma the likes of which could have fed me and my descendants for a thousand years ... 
  have to be in the anywhere in the zone . 
  ( gear in the second tab fyi ), 
  you are then teleported into the watchtower territory and the fight begins . 
  they 're nazis . 
  it seems to be a popular tag to apply to anyone you do n't like even if they do n't belong to the national socialist german workers party !, 
  hello i am new and saw your website on the famous twitch streamer lewpac22 's stream . 
  he is a very good streamer and quite popular amongst the women and children , i would consider giving him $ 1,000,000 on account of the high quality promotion he is providing . 
  you know that arya is dead right ? 
  its the waif wearing aryas face . 
  are you familiar with the game of faces ? 
  have you noticed that in nearly every scene since the waif took over aryas face shes given a quick monologue or story that `` only she would know '' . 
  because arya stark told her about what walder frey did and her list of names and to become arya stark she pretended to be arya stark and do what she would do . 
  like john snow not really being neds son ? 
  this series wont end with danny and john living happily ever after , the show might because hbo . 
  the directors do n't do things accidentally , compare lady krane saving arya to waif arya , no huge time has passed but her entire manner does . 
  i bought a new car , it disintegrated into dust when i opened the door . 
  being displeased with that car makes me entitled . 
  id rather see the spammer punished instead of the lumberjack, 
  i have too !, 
  what benefit ? 
  a stat that does nothing ? 
  its because of their skin color right ? 
  more or less retarded than charging a guy for a hate crime because he trained his dog to do a `` nazi salute '' ? 
  i do n't think that 's true . 
  mods were just chosen from people who applied on the official forums . 
  naturally if you frequently appeared on the official stream and proven yourself trustworthy and said `` hey i 'll help you moderate ingame chat '' im sure they 'd be ok with it . 
  right , i forget overall fame is difficult to obtain for some people . 
  like, 
  you only gain benefit from one gathering set for that type of resource . 
  shitters in my guild do the same thing just wasting watchtower resources . 
  joe mcnewb could grind and catch up through effort , in eve i could n't catch up , just had to wait . 
  ca n't really do it with a progression mechanic in place . 
  i think skill has enough impact on the game , wont save a guy in 4.1 but watching and participating in gvg 's really highlights what causes a win or a loss , and its not gear . 
  i 'd have taken actions that would be in breach of the criminal code against the ddos kid . 
  i do n't know why people paid to look after cyber security are up in arms about `` race protests '' and other seemingly non cyber security related matters . 
  `` he raised prices for insurance companies while offering it for free to those without insurance '', 
  damn that guy !, 
  i for one would like to run into a bunch of noobs in .3 gear . 
  if what you say is true and its not player incompetence , the mechanical rationality would be that through windwalls/glaives/spirit hunter 's / ironclad/lumberjack helm or other items , knocked you into the gate and you zoned through to red . 
  nobody was posting penis pictures , so i just left it , 
  he seems to be alleging he has a direct connection to the server that is faster than the speed of light . 
  12,798 km - distance from taiwan to washington, 
  you have a lot to learn destiny , a lot . 
  you need to be more humble with your approach in certain topics that go beyond shallow topics of current events and politics ( easy picks , unless you do n't mind looking like a complete imbecile , which i know you care , given the recent ego-trip you have been in ) . 
  just a reminder that you have spent the good part of your life barely surviving , fighting not to be homeless and wiping floors in stadiums , while most of us have been intellectually curious and dedicating our time to learn , read and listen people that are smarter than us . 
  so either you are completely oblivious of how much information/education you have missed in the past 2 decades ( and how far behind you are vs other actual intelligent people ) , or you think yourself smarter than the majority , in which case i have to remind you that smart people not necessarily start questioning the world at the age of 30 , certainly do n't spend their 20s doing manual work and living with their parents . 
  forming rational thoughts is not an acomplishment , i get it you are excited because this is new to you , but most people were doing that in high school , ( while passing the classes you are still completely oblivious about , like calculus ? 
  do you even know what that is ? ) . 
  be humble , you will learn more that way . 
  do the math on 900 blocks of each tier to tier 8 . 
  perhaps the owner bonus could be reduced after a time in months . 
  handy for communist/zerg guilds to have one building with lots of chests for resources and zvz gear for their horde . 
  im well , i hope i dont catch your cold . 
  tony soprano 's wife too . 
  oh i ca n't stand the wailing of women . 
  i wanted this to be real so bad . 
  i 've not seen `` ban waves '' for cheat engine use . 
  i 've only ever seen someone banned for ** streaming ** tos breaches ( account share/cheat engine ) and gold selling . 
   the first ban wave for such things is coming up shortly . 
  what date ? 
  i was playing a video game in a zone where players could kill other players , a group of 10 killed me and took my equipment . 
  2 years later im still on edge in that zone and try to avoid it when i can . 
  as someone relatively clueless myself , i imagine the same concept applying but to `` other humans '' instead of the zone and it 'd be terrible to live in fear like that . 
  if only i could work out if i wanted to upgrade my cuthelwarie ap newathiwal into a wasawari no le kuchibidari or a cuthelwarie ap makasartor id enjoy brytenwalda,
