  cheers mate , it was on the tip of my tongue . 
  or if you want the best youtube.com/jimmyfantastic, 
  he was saying the n word an awful lot . 
  something 's wrong with the link , it does n't look like anything to me . 
  people committing crimes under the banner of protesting . 
  i right mouse all the time and often give precise details . 
  i concur , both using the blood sacrifice phrase . 
  im sure they were 100 % just said to win . 
  if i could become president by saying `` if im president ill eat my own face '' id do it . 
  killed by starvation because we cut their supply lines - eisenhower, 
   where do you get piles of dead emaciated people ,, 
  in a war were millions died where towards the end everyone in germany starved , prisoners first of all . 
  make america great this time for real !, 
  the one in power now or the one in power from 2007 that also did n't do anything ? 
  wrong analogy , boat is sinking and you have a thimble , there are guys with buckets doing nothing . 
  work yourself to exhaustion scooping while the guys with buckets are eating all the food or grab a piece of chicken ? 
  dakota fanning when she was 8, 
  all three would have to be punching the hole as hard as they can for it to be accurate . 
  i thought we already had steven 2 , i was waiting for steven 3 but instead we got nathan . 
  was pretty disappointed . 
   telling me to die for the next ... 15 minutes or so . 
  did you die ? 
  if not what happened as a result of his words ? 
  til there are thousands of ignorant people who are willing to prove it and be identified by marking a piece of paper . 
  why not give every mcdonalds worker 10c for every big mac sold . 
  its insanity . 
  defeats the entire purpose of employing someone and if every profession felt so entitled and went on strike until everyone recieved % pay we 'd descend into anarchy . 
  aaa actors can make demands , because they know that them being in a movie will generate more sales than john doe being in the same movie . 
  there are very few voice actors or mcdonalds employees who could make the same claim . 
  hey , in regards to past monday mails where you 've said something to the effect of `` im a rational person and will try to reason through ideas or beliefs but those who say they agree on most things but on one particular topic you 're a retard perhaps arent thinking it through themselves '' . 
  i agree with the premise . 
  could you rationalise trying to champion social justice issues in the sense that you 're doing something that you cant possibly achieve , doesnt have a `` s.m.a.r.t '' goal and just seems like a way to harass people from a platform . 
  ( because it seems retarded ), 
  im a justice warrior , i seek to address inequality though legislative action . 
  i believe everyone already has equal benefit from the law and implementing legislation is the only way to institute social reform , after all , laws are just social control . 
  so if my social issue i sought to reform was , `` too many black people in prison for petty crimes '' id advocate legislative change the penaltys and sentencing act regarding mandatory detention ( or some us equivalent ), 
  sjw issues on the other hand seem to revolve around hurt feelings that cant possibly be legislated against , such as stigma mentioned in past monday mails `` throw like a girl , run like a girl '' so what possible practical pragmatic action could be taken ? 
  if there 's none i think the assertion that being an sjw is just a platform to harass from is sound . 
  tldr : what could advocating social issues that cant be legislated possibly achieve ? 
  bonus meme : you could just get society to instantly change their negative social stigmas overnight if they all just clicked . 
  private meme : hug d , ssj3 , k de now, 
  side meme :, 
  if you look at the racial discrimination act it states everyone is equal and must receive equal benefit from the law . 
  in the next section theres an exception stating some races deemed to not be equal are allowed special treatment . 
  do you think this exception is fair ? 
  would you remove it ? 
   destiny had no counter argument to this at all , and flat out rejected the premise without providing reason . 
  `` i would never lie to push an ideology '' was the response . 
  that draws a line morally . 
  the rationale was having integrity . 
   he claims that he is not responsible for the action of another , given that action is the result of a previous action of his , as long as he had neither the intent to cause it nor reasonably should have expected it to be caused . 
  that discussion seemed fairly clear as destiny 's position was closely aligned to defined actions already covered in the criminal code relating to duress/criminal culpability . 
   he equates moral duty and responsibility to legal duty and responsibility -- which , for anyone accustomed to even basics of the philosophy of law , is strikingly ignorant . 
  law reflects the beliefs of that society and what they believe to be right , moral and just . 
   even if they have the most disastrous consequences as long as these consequences are not intended or reasonably to expect . 
  how could you be responsible for outcomes that nobody reasonably expects . 
  yes , if i passed wind and created a black hole that enveloped the earth id be responsible , but its not reasonable . 
  on a less extreme scenario , if bp absolutely was n't cutting corners and spent more than any other company ensuring safety/failsafes/etc so that they wouldnt have oil tanker/rig disasters would you still think of it as a reasonably likely outcome ? 
  once again the law says no . 
   logic has no absolutes . 
  not even logic itself is absolute . 
  im with you here , when you think about the advances in medicine over the past 500 years , imagine bringing a 15th century surgeon to a modern hospital . 
  hed be charged with murder on his first day . 
  he only knows what he think 's is right , and while we know better today , it would be obscene to fault him for doing what he thinks is right . 
  similarly logic applied today might seem irrational and crazy 10 years from now , and i think it 's obscene to do anything other than `` basing the reasoning of your actions on the consequences as to your available knowledge , '' and thats what destiny does when he applies law/common law/common sense to a scenario or thought process . 
  how can you ask anyone to do anything more ? 
  disclaimer : yes im a destiny fan , but not here to be a meme lord , just after listening to athene im not sure what more i or destiny could do other than thinking `` logically '' using the best of the knowlege of mankind available today . 
  chess is still segregated , the rationale feminists use is that its more likely to have professional womens chess players if they 're in the top 10 rather than the top 1000 . 
  therefore by having successful role models for young girls in chess it may encourage more girls to peruse chess and with more entrants its more likely that one excels . 
  me too , hes been super chill of late . 
  i expected the full body spasm into fast paced talking to the effect of `` what the fuck dog , how can you possibly have that idea and then have the temerity to say it out loud infront of other people ? 
  do you think the invasion of gaul was unlikely as both sides were human ? 
  the sack of constantinople , both human , williams invasion of england , both human , ww1 , ww2 , every murder , every theift , every rape that has ever happened was between humans . 
  sharing a species doesnt provide some magical bond and never has it through out the course of human history . 
  fucks sake dog . 
  kill youself . '', 
  also , destiny humoured zongo and some other guy trolling him regarding the morality of twitch banning people for actions on other platforms . 
  cuck zongo spent 30 minutes in a call saying nothing and i thought it was a troll , but couldnt be sure until the next guy did the exact same thing using the exact same phrases . 
  steven can pick a transgender pretty well but missed the memers playing retard yesterday , :(, 
  taking the piss out of some crazy person calling you names on the internet isnt really being a douchebag . 
  i think the reply to the effect of `` wah wah wah im gon na sue '' would be more of a douchey reply than a funny joke . 
  it would have to be `` knowingly lied beyond reasonable doubt '' or some extreme level of irrifutable proof of the lie . 
  it 'd be a sad world if you were scared to report a rape because you werent sure you could prove it . 
  memba when the government subsidized the banks and auto dealers because they werent making enough money ? 
  god damn i hate it when people try to pay their employees more , what a disgusting ideology !, 
  i thought subreddits were for a group of people who wanted to discuss/support a particular topic . 
  / r/the _ donald 's purpose seems pretty clear . 
  where as subs like / r/enough _ trump_spam seem to only exist to harass and demonise another group . 
  bullying is something everyone has to endure , if he wasnt being called a fairy hed have been called a ginger , or a midget , or a tall lankey bastard , or a stick , or a fatty or a nerd or a dumbass or if female a dumb girl . 
  every kid in school is going to be called names and nobody needs to jump up and down , implementing programs to attempt to stop it as that will never ever ever ever succeed . 
  what actually happend to this kid was being hit in the face with a pole requiring surgery . 
  that isnt bullying , its assault . 
  the mother perhaps not away of the difference between a crime and being called a name didnt report it . 
  ty fam , was going for a destiny/dr cox hybrid . 
  same now it 's , really bothering , me . 
  should throw a tantrum and abuse the retail staff !, 
  someone made a statement . 
  destiny looked to see if the statement was backed up with facts . 
  it was n't . 
  he then looked at reasons why the statement was made if it appears to be false .
