  what the fuck did you just fucking say about me , you little bitch ? 
  i 'll have you know i graduated top of my class in the navy seals , and i 've been involved in numerous secret raids on al-quaeda , and i have over 300 confirmed kills . 
  i am trained in gorilla warfare and i 'm the top sniper in the entire us armed forces . 
  you are nothing to me but just another target . 
  i will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this earth , mark my fucking words . 
  you think you can get away with saying that shit to me over the internet ? 
  think again , fucker . 
  as we speak i am contacting my secret network of spies across the usa and your ip is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm , maggot . 
  the storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life . 
  you 're fucking dead , kid . 
  i can be anywhere , anytime , and i can kill you in over seven hundred ways , and that 's just with my bare hands . 
  not only am i extensively trained in unarmed combat , but i have access to the entire arsenal of the united states marine corps and i will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of the continent , you little shit . 
  if only you could have known what unholy retribution your little `` clever '' comment was about to bring down upon you , maybe you would have held your fucking tongue . 
  but you could n't , you did n't , and now you 're paying the price , you goddamn idiot . 
  i will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it . 
  you 're fucking dead , kiddo . 
  im convinced . 
  will give this tinder thing a go . 
  should nobody read it or did nobody read it ? 
  read all comments , no link to video . 
  5/7 disapoint . 
  people will need to stop having hysterical fits whenever they see a swastika or a extended arm salute first . 
  once those people are calm , move on to those who can read . 
  come on , who does n't hate the french though ? 
  [ serious ], 
  just need individual changerooms . 
  life before pc sounds nice . 
  as a male who has long since finished highschool , id like to be able to go and change with highschool girls . 
  i 'd fire anyone who gave a product from my business away for free . 
  i similarly have no say in an employee giving away their own money for someone to buy a product i am selling . 
  kid : i am hungry and have no money, 
  employee : here is $ 2 do what you like with it . 
  problem = none . 
  if you can build a canal , you can build a bit of stuff for boats to attach to . 
  hopefully hoi4 has more tooltips . 
  people who dont want bill gates tracking them . 
  i chuckled when jim fucking sterlingson came in at the end, 
  mind you , if they keep fucking around with russian planes it might just get returned to greece . 
  were they stolen pictures or did the person upload them to the internet ? 
  you 're thinking of fettish . 
  it has enough factual reports , statements and assessment as those who state 9/11 was an inside job . 
  you 're right , we need to check the geneology of every english person to find out if they are saxon or norman , then force the french to compensate those of saxon origin for the invasion of 1066 . 
  wrong . 
  [ hitler would n't have harmed animals . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/animal_welfare_in_nazi_germany ), 
  what about a jab in the ribs , a wet willy , a chineese burn and a tittie twister ? 
  only a sith makes sweeping generalizations !, 
  but then i say to you `` thanks but ill only need 50c '' . 
  you have still made $ 1 available but only spent 50c '', 
  i liked the movie where the bad guys made a big ship to blow up planets and the rebels found its weakness and went to blow it up with the help of a young person who was untrained in the use of the force . 
  i thought there was a rule about having two females on the show . 
  remember the good old days where you just used the ignore function to sort this kind of thing out ? 
  you some kind of pedophile ? 
  whats wrong with old dick ? 
  as a redditor you should be used to a shitload of retarded rules and being arbitrarily banned ,, 
  much like the movie , the memes will be ones we 've all seen before . 
  [ i ca n't wait to celebrate 9/11 . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_vienna ), 
  i 'd tell him what happens in the force awakens , but there 's nothing new there . 
  i think this was creative and original , but i did just see the force awakens , so anything would look good comparatively . 
  get them a book on how to stop being passive aggressive . 
  so he talks to them , `` how are you '' good thanks yourself `` great blah blah my kids did blah blah , you ? '', 
  work is much the same . 
  then what ? 
  people are n't interesting . 
  small talk isnt interesting . 
  words are wind , talk is cheap . 
  it 's ok , gaben will come back from getting coffee and he will sort it out . 
  that 's rebel talk . 
  i think the birth certificate system needs to be reworked . 
  should be like a marriage certificate , both parties need to fill it out . 
  it is up to the lady what she does with her body , it 's ultimatly her decision . 
  you cant force someone to have or not have a baby . 
  the reform society needs is for men . 
  they should decide if they want their name on the birth certificate and want to care emotionally and financially for the child . 
  the problem is , unlike the females decision , men have none in this regard . 
  did you take the same classes as she did ? 
  i dunno , whenever someone says arumba i smile and remember that time he did a control + f for cologne . 
  no idea but i assume it 's using a template army on your subject that uses their manpower and then cancel it and it returns the manpower to your pool . 
  thats just an assumption based on past brokenness . 
  i think the concept for either is sound , as long as one adult does n't make a decision that has a radical effect on another adults life , it 's an improvement on the current situation . 
  you want a good girl but you need ? 
  agreed , im going to do my own cut of the force awakens just using scenes from a new hope . 
  you can smoke and run a mile . 
  its your lack of exercise not your smoking that 's the problem . 
  i think you 'd just be an ordinary person . 
  the prequels were amazing . 
  would n't it be retarded if episode 8 was `` a untrained person on a sand type world , scavanges as a junker ( fixing power converters ) , meets a droid on a misson , helps the droid , joins some rebels and blows up the death star by assessing its weak point and shooting it . '', 
  like , if that was episode 8 , id be fucking pissed . 
  a week ago id have believed you . 
  i just see three guys in that picture, 
  assess current beneath ice . 
  pond = good . 
  river = bad . 
  i have a white van and live opposite a school and tried to do the same thing in my street but got told to stop by police . 
  pressing block too hard !, 
  person a works 40h a week for $ 1000, 
  person b works 20h a week for $ 500, 
  person b gets paid 50 % of person a. 
  that is where the `` women are paid less '' stats come from .
