  this guy really cares about it enough to make a post ? 
  one of the greatest videos ever . 
  id rape someone for 10 million . 
  i once watched puffins stream and someone came in and called him a midget asian , he laughed hysterically and said ` im 6 ' 2 ' . 
  leeroy when opponent has a knife juggler, 
  rape corpses . 
  i 've been banned from a server for being too good . 
  just pick another and roll the dice . 
  i 'd like a `` no admin spawning '' server setting that prevented that shenanigans . 
  there are plenty of ways to revoke a title without gaining tyranny . 
  start at the intrigue menu and go from there !, 
  tywins death will be the saddest , a brilliant man and his legacy destroyed by ungrateful children . 
  the bank balance should cheer you up . 
  i watch wtf is because it 's a more reliable version of a trailer for the game . 
  you show game play ( as opposed to scripted cgi scenes/montages ) and give your opinion , that 's all that is required . 
  nobody goes through the front door then every other door . 
  do n't build in an obvious obtuse area . 
  instead of `` qq its not fair '' ask yourself `` how can i react '', 
  look at the dots on the thermal map published yesterday , there are people who have learned a 5 minute walk before you log off is worth protecting your weeks worth of loot . 
  not sure why people are so convinced it 's a low tech game . 
  the airdrop mechanic is one of the stronger elements of rust . 
  i 'd like to see car parts dropped from those . 
  horses would be cool for sure . 
  that legislation is sooo leet, 
  it would be many shibe for topdoge wow . 
  so raffle , many lucks . 
  tbh i 've always viewed atheism as not giving a crap about religion . 
  therefore a group dedicated to not giving a crap will merely criticize others . 
  similarly , allowing a group to criticise religious/race based/language based/gender based groups would be similarly unconstructive . 
  atheists who promote atheism ? 
  gon na knock on peoples doors on sunday to talk to them about not-jesus ? 
  it takes time , but once you 're 300 + hours in rust , you can join any server and within a few hours have a military weapon/armor . 
  most true newbies spawn , run to a rad town , get shot , die then qq about it then come back 5 mins later and repeat the process . 
  when im new and get killed at a rad town , i go to another area . 
  scout out quiet towns/zombie spawns and farm near there . 
  it 's rough , but really does n't take long to get kitted out . 
  certainly the option for both would be fantastic , when the map is padded out id perhaps like some kind of geographic progression where the more progressed players have incentive to build a grand distance away from the newbie spawn points ( old electric generators/different nodes/1 -2 functioning machine shops to `` control '' and stay there ) . 
  according to my sources your birthday is actually just over a year away . 
  i cant believe ladders are n't in yet and people are so mad about pillar/barricade , wall/box/barricade , small spike/small box/barricade . 
  theme park games have tainted you my friend !, 
  the players on your server can create those sorts of things , do n't need to hard code it . 
  the three most important things garry needs to get right in priority imho :, 
  anti hacking / admin abuse . 
  stability . 
  the rest of the game . 
  i would pay $ 10 a month to have a professional admin team run a rust server . 
  private servers have admin abuse , public servers have hackers . 
  i bet all my ltc that this company with one game is so poor , broke and about to be bankrupt they 're making a last ditch effort to get some publicity before they are closed . 
  i bet google searches for `` guise of the wolf '' have jumped  1000 % . 
  only if the airdrops come from naturally occurring planes or giant birds that deliver guns and babies !, 
  there are a few sites that offer a server ranking based on votes , but those are obscured by `` vote for us here and get x '' / people not noticing the abuse until they 've thrown a week into the server . 
  such advice , many profit !, 
  wow upvotes !, 
  you are quite right , console commands to the effect of `` play [ tag ] '' should do it or the classic save/load . 
  anyone who played r2 at launch will probably never buy a ca game again . 
  eu4 / mount and blade banner lord are/will be what you should get instead !, 
  i like to release/vassalize/maneuver-to-create single province countries in my capitals node . 
  use their merchants to direct trade at my home node with this new `` propagation '' . 
  the drawback is that $ 5 hacks in meaningful death/sandbox games prevent you from `` getting mad and getting better '' . 
  they were n't so previlant 10 years ago , but today its everywhere . 
  no anti-cheat method implimented by rust devs has beat the premium aa hack and because of that it 's not worth my time . 
  the same was applied to darkfall and while eqn probably wont have any meaningful consequence to death/base raid , if it does , hacks en masse . 
  i often raid for the purpose of removing a group of players from `` my '' area in an effort to control the resources there . 
  lategame c4 is cheap , competent raiders barricade/box jump . 
  there is no such thing as `` wasting c4 '' its there to be used as it doesnt appreciate in value . 
  much like politicians , game devs just aim to please the masses without doing anything useful , creative or innovative . 
  according to agnatic-primogeniture it 's jauffrey . 
  his father even named him heir ( legitimate ) , it was that traitor ned stark who altered the will . 
  danerys and stannis is are pretenders , the have a claim but none compared to robert announcing a successor . 
  rome universalis mod for eu4 should sort out your desires for wold conquest in a roman era . 
  i like to capture a lone province from a large power that you can release as a vassal . 
  then force them to return the cores to the vassal . 
  canada wins gold playing ice hockey , australia won gold playing afl and the usa won gold for nfl . 
  stop the press !, 
  you could always go around deleting posts and subreddits you do n't like . 
  an enemy with a 101 % peace value for whatever it is you want . 
  eu4 's main difference from eu3 is that things happened at a fixed rate as opposed to a % chance of happening . 
  missionary converts at 1 % per month as opposed to a 1 % chance to fully convert . 
  i like this change as it removes some of the frustrating randomness . 
  however they they added randomness to advisers , in eu3 you could pick your advisor who 's ability was determined by tradition . 
  blows my mind . 
  it 's also compounded by various decisions that require an x level adviser of y type . 
  are you kidding ? 
  there are 0 games on the market that offer a player such a choice . 
  admittedly it 's probably due to many country 's classification board and likely refusal of sale . 
  i think a 1650-2050 eu4 mod could be made that included those sorts of things and be interesting enough in the rest of the world to be more than just and r rated gimmick . 
  pm me if genuinely interested . 
  personally i dont like hoi and vicky as much as ck/eu so im not motivated enough to mod it in to those games . 
  i ensured that the ck2 agot mod allows you to `` visit the chaimbers '' of a lady , and if shes imprisoned she cant refuse you . 
  tl : dr - no game offers me the chance to be hitler and win . 
  europa universalis iv \\ common \\ opinion_modifiers \\ opinion_modifiers . txt, 
  change -100 to what you feel is more appropriate . 
  after quite a few 1.5 games with random `` x has broken an alliance with you '' . 
  i 've found it best to maintain the diplomat and have a common rival . 
  i was able to maintain portugal and aragon as allies for the first 50 years as spain without one dropping out . 
  top 3 gripes with rust :, 
  hackers, 
  admins banning you because you 're too good, 
  being too good and having everyone leave the server . 
  i really liked you in spiderman ... ,
