   really ? 
  sub 's seem very niche in terms of who can afford one, 
  every non casual player in a few months . 
  wasnt there a guy who had a heart attack and needed cpr and then went back on in the second half ? 
  i hope so . 
  we have to sit through a month of people talking about it like it 's a sport . 
  tbh i just assume they 're black unless stated otherwise . 
  the bureau of statistics confirms this is a correct assumption . 
  i was punched by a black person today . 
  i was at mcdonalds with my friend christa and after it was over she was nowhere to be seen . 
  have n't bought anything since bf3 . 
  i told myself `` never again '' . 
  i still have n't and i 'm glad about my choice every time . 
  wait 6 months for it to be in a launch ready state . 
  and every other shooter since has just been a weak clone without innovation of substance ;(, 
  it sure does . 
  i remember it like it was yesterday ; in math class , some kid showing me a guy from what i thought was halflife . 
  he then explained it was like halflife but multiplayer only . 
  i said sounds cool , when is it out ? 
  he replied `` soon '', 
  naturally the descendants of pre colonial abboriginals speaking 500 different languages with no codified texts or writing can defiantly identify what geographical location is important to ` their people ' . 
  i think obama should return british land to great britain . 
  they were the ones who colonized it in the first place . 
  it 's quite culturally important as it was the cornerstone of the english lifestyle in the era . 
  we should defiantly bring neanderthals and homo-erectus back to life through cloning and pay them monetary reparations for commiting genocide on their species !, 
  i think reddits worst attribute is that every day there is a repost . 
  this will continue for almost two weeks !, 
  section 490 of the criminal code ( australia ) wilful damage to property . 
  you are committing a crime by doing this , you however do have the defence `` saving dog yo '' and it would be up to the magistrate to determine if your actions were that of a reasonable person . 
  asked an australian ambulance driver ( free ambulances here ) what was the dumbest thing he was called out to , he replied `` someone 's leg fell asleep after he was sitting for a while '', 
  sounds like any casual employee in fast food . 
  you 're there for rush . 
  put in some effort and show you have work ethic and you 'll be trained up in other areas and given longer hours . 
  varies from state to state and country to country and type of wage/level of ` loading ' . 
  full time job ? 
  kids ? 
  outside hobbies ? 
  girlfriend ? 
  pick one . 
  1.2 `` may '' change this . 
  buy $ x worth of ` tax vouchers ' , sell for gold . 
  buy best in slot . 
  i never played eve seriously . 
  which was more cost effective , buying time cards from the store or buying gold from asian space farmers and buying the time card ? 
  labor potion with a cooldown too !, 
  drastically ? 
  i could rename pac man to , pill eating circle and sell it for $ 80 calling it a next gen console game . 
  only show cinematic trailers with no gameplay . 
  promise a revolutionary new title with coole features . 
  actually sell renamed pac man . 
  that 's legal . 
  it 's what ubisoft does , its what ea does , its what fps arena shooters do . 
  do n't like it , dont buy it . 
  i throw poison into your kitchen . 
  you legally have to close . 
  i have caused a loss of income . 
  i have not stolen . 
  i made an analogy on reddit , you made a better one based on my idea . 
  stop thief !, 
  east is mechanically more advantageous due to only having one warzone on the coast . 
  no u guyz r rong and stuped, 
  pretty sure everyone 's going to die . 
  except for hotpie . 
  depends on the lass . 
  some naked girls look like a sports car with every smooth curve tucked away into another smooth curve and its all neat and compact , others have all sorts of pointy/flappy things hanging out . 
  i would also like to assist in reviewing the pictures . 
  # 7 was daniel . 
  anders in hybrid mode revealed it . 
  ellen later reveals that cavil was jealous and thought the final five were playing favourites . 
  he sabotaged the production , so while there were 8 + 5 , we only see 7 +5 in the series . 
  later i think the mr moore revealed it was an oversight . 
  surely its for government jobs . 
  no small business would ever hire a woman if it was mandatory . 
  i have ported ryze son of rome to this very thread . 
  you can play for free now . 
  image of an enemy : press x, 
  image of a siege weapon : press x, 
  another enemy : press x, 
  another siege weapon : press x, 
  final boss : press x, 
  sick game . 
  i think my graphical representation was as good as the source . 
  another `` video game '' with as much interactivity , equal skill cap and meaningful consequences for player actions was the tv series rome . 
  ( trololol aside , is an amazing series ), 
  everyone reading this will die this century . 
  there are no requirements for existence . 
  nothing you do matters so do what you enjoy . 
  some like drugs , some like surfing , some like video games , some like urinating into their own mouthes . 
  to all young ladys who think sleeping with a rich guy and getting pregnant will net you child support for life , please be aware that the cost to kill you is much lower . 
  til there are womens chess leagues . 
  how outlandish . 
  op know any other pursuits of the mind that are gender segregated ? 
  poker ? 
  math ? 
  was it actual porn or just nudists ? 
  if the latter , you 've dun goofed . 
  i was really pleased when i thought my mockery of ryze son of rome got me gold . 
  now im kinda depressed , but the gold makes up for it !, 
  it keeps happening !, 
  i too would like to thank the mystery man !,
