  source : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oc1zgrupztc, 
  i 'd have listed this as `` plebeian harasses heir to the throne '', 
  point your finger back far enough and you can eventually blame a cell for splitting in two . 
  pretty selfish to impose your problems on a classroom full of people . 
  i have spare karma so i can say that i really feel people who do n't eat should be allowed to die . 
  you can lead a horse to water ... 
  we should make all prisons and detention facilities super fun happy places !, 
  i also think you can avoid it by not committing crimes , not running from police , not assaulting them and not being a twat . 
  reddit circle jerk is great but aside from the guy who got shot when the police went to his house instead of the house they were meant to , i 've got little sympathy . 
  could xpost to / r/cringe . 
  that lady was retarded, 
  cut off one head , two grow back !, 
  i like posting unpopular opinions and playing devils advocate . 
  i 've found while fedora moderators still ban me , i 've not been hit with a shadowban in over a year . 
  my trick ? 
  buy and recieve gold . 
  tldr : found ben brode 's 4chan post, 
  remember the good old days when you could say nigger without being persecuted ? 
  nah , once you are worth billions , you can look however you want from your position of `` fuck you '' . 
  good luck once again everyone !!, 
  pretty sure that 's the size you need to get those potato specs . 
  because you do n't need food , just build more manafacturing . 
  in the green tech tree ( + elsewhere ) you can increase your pop cap . 
  build assembly to reach that cap . 
  it 's quite powerful dodging those pesky pop issues . 
  i thought both were terrible . 
  the worst thing since superman spun around the earth to go back in time : s, 
  i would like some context !, 
  cercei did nothing wrong !, 
  i do n't care what people look like , however people who encourage poor choices should be the target of ridicule . 
  to be honest , for your entire life while interacting with people , some will do so unpleasantly . 
  i think teaching kids how to deal with these situations rather than trying to prevent them is more productive . 
  can i store them on my c drive ? 
  does the outdoor farm that uses 99 % more water make 99 % more lettuces ? 
  i have no idea what the devs have been doing since pc launch : s, 
  fixed : that just means the mods were dickholes, 
  can someone please tell me the joke ? 
  someone being called out on their bullshit then screams `` im being harassed ! '', 
  how original !, 
  cheers, 
  death by 60 is the purest death . 
  you 'll endure the heists spending 3 mins on a ssd to restart everytime someone leaves or dies . 
  you 'll then get a jet , tank and armored car and cruise around the online world and realize that it 's just a pretty goat simulator with no purpose . 
  it does n't stack , you have a `` charge '' or you do n't . 
  converting the populace has a special rhllor event . 
  everyone hates wildlings -75 . 
  wildlings like wildlings +75 . 
  will be soooo good when you lot are rebranded `` failed to press '' . 
  man 1 : im in for rape . 
  out in 10, 
  man 2 : im in for murder , out in 8, 
  ross : i ran a website where people baught things . 
  i 'll die in here . 
  i got a flier and attempted to grab a cache that was floating in the air , he wasnt on follow and just idled in the air . 
  even waiting 20 mins for food/stam . 
  ended up building a 30 tall ladder to reach him :(, 
  not sure what the ( gg 's ) demand ethical standards in games journalism has to do with this . 
  who zergs wins !, 
  character names on the quest were awarded to those who helped out with event descriptions and ideas . 
  umbra , cyricist and jorda were just forum user handles :p, 
  replay it , play cyvasse , read a book , bring a lady companion and different things will happen/have different options . 
  after being shipwrecked , the jungle is just one of three options . 
  naturally the riddle has different questions asked too . 
  aimed at adding re-playability over just clicking the green options . 
  try rebuilding harrenhal from roberts rebellion , not much in terms of interactive story but it is a challange and is somewhat unique . 
  glad you liked the events , 
  hes the sailor . 
  can pick the fighter , stats are semi random but as long as you dont goof with bad decisions should n't betray . 
  pve server if you ca n't handle raiding . 
  from the `` midnight warrior '' perspective , i have a group of 4 , another group on the server has 20 . 
  when should i hit them ? 
  when you are a group of 4 , the only time to raid a group of 20 is when they are offline . 
  bad players huddle together and use numbers instead of competence . 
  they they get raided and post about it on reddit . 
  when i got this game , i knew there were flying mounts . 
  i chose to not build a wall without a roof . 
  99 % of people chose to build a wall without a roof . 
  there is lots of needless qq on reddit . 
  why do you do the same thing expecting a different result ? 
  op made the elective choice not to use metal . 
  no dinos can break metal . 
  if in any sandbox game ( rust/rok/etc ) you expect wood to hold its own against endgame players you are going to have a bad time . 
  have you learned :, 
  40h worth of time into a wood base is a bad investment and you should rush metal, 
  you did everything right and the game must be broken somehow . 
  i 'm curious as to why they would do this . 
  use metal instead of wood . 
  build a 1x1 to start with and go from there . 
  recently on reddit someone showed off a cave base raid where 10 people threw grenades at a base until all the loot was taken . 
  as a player who only has 4 in his group , i stand little chance against a group of 10 + when they 're online . 
  even if you were online to defend your base , the result would be the same . 
  regardless , step one is rushing metal , just like in rust/rok and every other sandbox game . 
  i do n't know , seems like `` omg the scandal what would people think ! '', 
  moreso than a rationalized statement . 
  treason , betrayal and dishonor . 
  i might wake up one day , put on a blue cloak , kill my neighbours , betray my country and as long as i win , i 'll get away with it . 
  they enhanced his ark experience , he now has the option to realize a wooden base in the open is a bad idea , or he can ignore this gift and spend his time complaining on reddit . 
  i 'd like all engram drop blueprints that arent effected by quality to be moved to the rainbow drops for the solo player who wants it all . 
  just like rust and reign of kings new players build wood houses in an overt fashion and wonder why they get raided . 
  ark is less punishing as there is no crest/toolbox mechanic .
