  perhaps in a claimed area , full loot . 
  summer ca n't last forever = winter is comming . 
  they were honestly quite well prepared , perhaps one of those wonder bras or cgi . 
  could have shrunk clara and put her into a robot clara body to avoid death . 
  caution : do not interact with other humans . 
  they may not do and say everything exactly how you want them to . 
  devs would need to decide if this is a one base or many base game . 
  i do n't mind a one base game , vehicles allow for gathering at other biomes and could add an element of travel rather than teleport/single loot run . 
  similarly , infamy still needs a rework or every competitive guild with the irl finances/hardware to do so , can reduce their infamy instantly . 
  no spoilers . 
  shame shame shame, 
  got to remember when the servers with actual pvp settings ( sleepers , plausibly obtainable c4 ) come out you 'll be replacing guns/gear frequently . 
  then think about raiding while under the effects of infamy and the process you 'd go about it . 
  just got to stop buying their games . 
  brazil in a soccer game, 
  goku in a dbz, 
  chaos in a warhammer game, 
  wood elves in blood bowl, 
  terrorists in counterstrike, 
  / u/blackspur was likely refrencing the time some people said `` laurak 's voice is annoying '' or `` the child screaming and making noise at coxcon was annoying '' and tb shamed us all . 
  the empire runs on pa. . . blood . 
   except tb is known to generalise everyone of his viewers for the comments/actions of very few . 
   he has n't generalized anyone . 
  i cited two examples of the viewerbase being generalized . 
   except tb is known to generalise everyone of his viewers, 
   / u/blackspur was likely refrencing, 
  there was a similar article on reddit with a police officer kicking a woman who kicked him . 
  it would be like buying a coffee and then walking out , going to take a sip then told by a police officer , no drinking or you go to jail . 
  there 's a certain level of rage you get when you are told you cant enter your own home that i empathise with . 
  not being a retard id just jump some fences or do figuratively anything other than assaulting a police officer . 
  declare on bosnia , denmark , luneburg or mantula , whoever has the fewest allies . 
  separate peace bohemia and annull for 10 % with ottomans . 
  declare war on them in 5 years directly . 
  could also wait for ottomans to be at war . 
  could also ally ottomans by rivaling their rival , declare on someone with ottoman assist , then declare bohemia . 
  or as suggested already , chunk away at them without co-belligerenting them . 
  you da real mvp, 
  i hear some people in australia play wow . 
  i did not . 
  pretty good for a game that just came out right ? 
  i did n't know louis ck was into league !, 
  he 's been punny since beta . 
  never stop dancing baby, 
  everyone i showed the picture to said `` holy mackerel '', 
  tl : dr guy above summarized comment, 
  til you can go extinct then not . 
  he died of cancer and they called it out saying `` he got whammyd in the end '', 
  he 's been fucking your mom . 
  so hard . 
  so long and she loves it . 
  checkout the size of his hands . 
  you know hes got cock . 
  yeah but if you do it in gta online you 'll still have people die somehow and be booted back to the lobby . 
  i saw a superbowl once , the green team thought it would be a good idea to do a risky throw instead of just running it a few meters . 
  yes , beam me up to infinity and beyond !, 
  the chick in red so fucking hot . 
  he never heard it comming :(, 
  bloods were born disabled but crips became disabled at some point in life . 
  people are the main reason i do n't go to the cinema anymore . 
  he 's one day closer to baldness . 
  if you have n't got anything new , you wont notice much . 
  at time of colonization different tribes spoke 200 languages and had different sub-cultures . 
  to presume that one culture represents all aboriginals would be like making the same assumption about europe . 
  i think it 's deduction in a similar manner archeologists may find a clay pot and tools and then make an assumption , but without the physical evidence . 
  if you look closely at the scrabble tiles next to the board , you can see he does n't know the alphabet . 
  some people save top comments to posts , wait the required x days , repost it and make the same comment . 
  while these people are n't as sad as reddit mods who delete posts and lock threads , they 're pretty bad . 
  id work her with my dong energy, 
  gon na be some pretty huge cultural shift if hispanics all of a studden start committing less crime . 
  the tv series is ok , i find if you skip every scene where the female lead interacts with a non asian you miss no plot and save yourself hours of `` emotional drama '', 
  similarly , watching the pilot and the finale and you dont miss too much . 
  theres a guy like frank underwood and hes a nazi ss officer . 
  while he does bad things you like him . 
  it 's as much of a spoiler as harry potter is a wizard . 
  makes me start to think that the whole thing is fiction, 
  some websites demand a 4-8 letter password with a symbol and caps , others demand numbers too . 
  `` does n't that just give a hacker a single place to get all of my passwords at once if they get through ? '', 
  -- this is a more secure password than f5n!p @, 
  it exists the debate is `` did they deserve it '', 
  traffic cop chortle ... oh they have no lights . 
  there is only one punishment for class 5 peasantry . 
  sooo . 
  hitler was right ? 
  i think once you turn 18 you should no longer be socially obligated to do birthdays/christmas/otherbs `` day '', 
  qui bono ? 
  i 've not noticed a difference between 50 trust and 100 trust regarding ai behaviour . 
  inherit someone without war and trust seems to be reset to 50 , vassalize them and you have sub 50 trust for a liberty desire malus . 
  allies came to war every 10 years depending on their opinion of the target but now you gain approx 1 favor per year with someone your size so its still really just every 10 years . 
  rebels are larger but do n't inherit your morale/discipline modifiers , so better get someone with sexy ideas . 
  people who you have never interacted with , who you are not near , not your rival will agitate for liberty on you . 
  if you join an allys war and occupy provinces , they may give them to you for 50 + ae , transfer occupancy to them and you do n't get war participation . 
  specifying provinces you want as strategic interest and setting the owner as hostile will get your subjects to fabricate on those provinces , so that 's nice . 
  im with you . 
  ai wont come to wars against a target they have a truce with . 
  going to give him a spelling lesson too ? 
  `` i must spell titties and vagina correctly '', 
  `` i must spell titties and vagina correctly '', 
  `` i must spell titties and vagina correctly '', 
  `` i must spell titties and vagina correctly '', 
  i rather realplayer rape,
