  you 'd hope so , otherwise it was a scene that existed for no reason . 
  i did n't know who he was until i came here . 
  the whole scene seemed out of place , not just the ginger . 
  you know they starved because he took their money ... . 
  i think it 's been pointed out plenty of times , like rob starks wife regarding the lannister soldier who had his leg chopped off . 
  to each their own . 
  i thought the natural objection would have been `` to show arya isnt on a killing spree so shes still one of the ` good guys ' '' but for me its always been clear shes only crossing names off the list . 
  your kind words have warmed my heart more than reddit gold ever could . 
  is this posted twice a week or every two weeks ? 
  im glad the mr mouton zone was removed as it was a bit overbearing , however the new asian themed zones just feel a little out of place even though the voice acting is good . 
  i for one think you should give that australian guy who occasionally streams blood bowl a copy . 
  id really like to watch that !, 
  i quite liked those two in the popular youtube video `` blood bowl beginners guide '', 
  that savagery makes lilypichu 's savagery look mild . 
  claiming it is somewhat expensive its much cheaper for you and 4 mates to launch an attack from a siege camp and take one . 
  albionest that it took me a while to get this :( albionpoint for future memes . 
  it 's right mouse button to move without picking stuff up, 
  you are not allowed to enjoy things that i do not determine to be the pinnacle of the human races creativeness and ability . 
  do you have any videos of dinglederper 's ass jiggling . 
  any vod , any clip . 
  thanks my dude, 
   it 's a meme and you 're ~ ~ being a little creepy ~ ~ a pedo !, 
  having a small trusted group has its advantages . 
  if everything was logged zerg management would be too easy and there would be no reason not to have a 5000 man alliance . 
  i think 5000 man alliances are bad for the game . 
  i think restriction on player actions is bad for the game . 
  id propose reduced gains silver/fame/gathering % based on alliance size . 
  let people be big , no restrictions but theres got to be something to discourage excessive handholding . 
  what about an `` away from home '' debuff that weakens you when not on your home continent . 
  have high outlands guilds fight eachother rather than ally eachother and wipe the lower outlands with their 18 % more enchanted gear and subsequent carleon profits . 
  wow you 're right , everyone knows syrian childrens lives matter way less than other children . 
  mate you just got gish galloped into a strawman fallacy and did n't even see me move the goalpoasts . 
  the short 5 `` 9 man is hotshot gg the owner of clg and mr bonelli went to visit for some fresh memes . 
  why do you hate fresh memes ? 
  ^ must be a d.gger, 
   do n't know if this is the place for this . 
  i was also banned on destiny , i have a level 52 assassin with plasma swords and i came here to get it appealed but everyone just laughed at me . 
  i emailed the admin at steven.bonnell.ii ( at ) gmail.com but they told me to kill myself and called me a cuck . 
  im glad your ban was reversed so quickly !, 
  / u/aomonochrome was right . 
  i doubted him . 
  i feel bad . 
  in eve there are huge corps who drop thousands of dollars in ships just for lolz because their economic base is so powerful nobody can compete . 
  i would have put money on the alliance saying until the devs intervened because its so lucrative . 
  best resources in the game , teleport to other outlands for fights , never bored , bang one newbs and laugh . 
  guess it was the tribal element that got em . 
  nothing funny in a rich mans world !, 
  it is , but i dont want to see a specific guild or alliance punished when a small group of 10 might get away with it . 
  then are we also punishing sexism ? 
  i think the mods cover global chat but i dont think you should censor private communication , no matter how immature it may be . 
  lol, 
  you have learned a lot destiny , a lot . 
  you are very more humble with your approach in certain topics that go beyond shallow topics of current events and politics ( easy picks , so your viewers dont feel like a complete imbeciles , which i know they are ) . 
  just a reminder that you have spent the good part of your life triumphantly succeeding , fighting to help the homeless and volunteering wiping floors in homeless shelters , while most of us have been intellectually benign and dedicating our time to learn basics like reading and listening to people that are smarter than us . 
  you can `` raid '' watchtower territories . 
  twitch.tv / albiononline to see the gvg fights, 
  i liked it . 
  fresh , spicy and ticks all the boxes . 
  i think you should gofundme for a 3 novel book series and tv adaptation . 
   destiny the streamer, 
  oh , i thought this was destiny the game . 
  why do you blame him instead of the pattent system ? 
  or the systems that prevent the free market from stopping those sorts of price raises ? 
  i would do what martin did in his position and i would advocate for a change to the system while doing it . 
  friday fanmail ? 
  donating or leaving clip was pretty amazing . 
  / u/vaeezi do you use updog to do these ? 
  i know who you are !, 
  i believe you are more mistaken . 
  carl leon, 
  i agree with your argument about the ib having pissed off a player . 
  a gold seller would n't approach them about an alliance and then get mad when its refused . 
  i also think its pretty silly to be offering any amount of gold to players/guilds without the certainty . 
  mods are just chat mods and have no ability outside of chat mutes . 
  the players i personally know with gm accounts do casting for the official stream and have no powers other than teleport and invis . 
  every subreddit has nazi mods pushing their own agenda , the logs ive seen on this sub seem reasonable ... for now . 
  i think the mods on every sub can be corrupted and pressured by third parties to control messages . 
  id rather it be a known traceable person than wingneostar14 doing shady shit from behind the scenes . 
  i guess i assume shady shit is always going on in every sub and that certain people resigning would n't change my opinion on the possibility or probability of things being censored . 
  perhaps in a thousand years , when the ddos clears , we can finally play albion, 
  are you new to the internet op ? 
  do you attend morning of evening church ? 
  are you demanding si censor and monitor all discords from all guilds and then issue punishment as they see fit ? 
  i have considered urinating in my own mouth as a form of hydration . 
   i strongly believe in gender and racial diversity , and i think we should strive for more . 
  however , to achieve a more equal gender and race representation , google has created several discriminatory practices : programs , mentoring , and classes only for people with a certain gender or race, 
  i think this is the cornerstone of the argument . 
  i do n't think any rational person could disagree . 
   black people are being unfairly treated by police, 
  i dont think this is true ? 
   they know that black people dont like them . 
  i dont think this is true either . 
  for some people there is no fee !, 
  remember its 45 % compounding . 
  remember your buy orders !, 
  it would have to be a t5 jet . 
  so some people said `` hey !, 
  we should have an ethical standard in games journalism ! '', 
  other people replied `` wow you are harassing zoe because of her gender '', 
  i made a meme today saying that / u/aomonochrome and the ddos threat letter both frequently use this smiley face ,
