  forts now have it sorted , 
  i like how i was vague but everyone else has noticed it too :p, 
  wen sum 1 sai 2 me sum fink leik dis i awtomatik fink de got 2 be retard, 
  it could be lupus . 
  employees need to do the job they are being paid to do without exception . 
  if this were tollerated , employees would n't ever hire someone with kids/responsibilities of any kind . 
  you wont win an economical war with disney . 
  tldr x arena wins ? 
  i still cant believe this is all because we want ethics in games journalism : s, 
  omg wild !, 
  thats a slight against womens liberty !, 
  you want to oppress them as slaves to work in the kitchen !, 
  why cant you understand they have hopes and dreams like everyone else !, 
  why do you and the patriarchy insist on shoehorning women into this category ? 
  how do i set up a patreon , id do well right ? 
  facts and logic have no place in reddits fuck abbot circlejerk, 
  gordon freeman = oppression, 
  now you know what it 's like when teachers arbitrarily ban things for students , 
  do you regret your countries initiation of ww2 ? 
  we know about cesar in allesya and octavian in phillipi because it was written down . 
  aboriginal society had no writing , just word of mouth amoung tribes who spoke different languages . 
  what x tribes history and tradition may have been , it could have been radically different to y tribe . 
  your answer is shallow and easily refuted . 
  your answer is shallow and easily refuted . 
  i saw the pannel , found the kid to be super annoying . 
  ignored it . 
  annoying noises will be criticized regardless of race , nationality , religion , age or gender . 
  twice now tb has drawn his sword and shield unnecessarily . 
  it 's a bit disappointing . 
  [ scrubs ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u0fvvgoewl8 ), 
  ohhhh what word ? 
  no , has to be proven as intentional . 
  the same hit on a ref with the certainty that the player didnt know they were there would have no consequence . 
  i reffed rugby league , was occasionally knocked by players . 
  i agree , but its for expert testimony and a judge to decide . 
  strictly speaking , the actual decision is if the assault was authorized , justified or excused by law . 
  when on a football field you authorize others to assault you within reason . 
  referees to a lesser extent than players , but the point i was making is that referees when on the field accept it may happen legitimately . 
  [ serious ] when your son masturbates for the first time , he will be a sex offender . 
  call the police , press charges , set precedent and they 'll call the new law drewpicus jn 's law . 
  you have bested me . 
  while i do n't like the lady , i do n't think you should be jailed for bigotry . 
  psh , elf leagues, 
  long may she reign, 
  jefferson , franklin , jefferson , madison and adams were the ones who formulated sinister plots to kill thousands , 
  there are so many ... which word specifically :p, 
  he 's so important in the treason that he was mentioned twice . 
  i confess , not american , struggled to recall and probably missed two :p, 
  just the rich elites who wanted to pay less tax and were willing to spill others blood for money . 
  i 'm sure not all were so dishonest . 
  can it run windows 10 ? 
  too right you bastard, 
  fuck off dickhead , every cunt calls eachother cunts, 
  im not your mate , cunt . 
  im finding the units unresponsive and animations seem to warp the clock a little . 
  many times ive lost my last risky `` make it or break it '' type play and had the turn end with the player not moving . 
  would also like to have range indicators on passes to see if a gfi is worth for a reduced pass modifier . 
  everything is subjective . 
  remember when ned stark tried to steal the throne by tampering with roberts will then later confessing to it ? 
  other 's see it differently , 
  you mean , positively ? 
  you know when people talk about ned starks honor , they 're being sarcastic ? 
  i have [ 49 hours streamed ] ( http://www.twitch.tv/fashbinder_/profile/past_broadcasts ) and concur with all of cknoor 's suggestions . 
  also missing : opponent inducements and concede button are under eachother . 
  no tooltips outside of skills . 
  click on opponents inducements twice on the inducement screen to concede the match . 
  no tooltips on stadium effects or its effect on tv , or more precisely , no pdf rulebook for the new ruleset and effects . 
  classed as civilians because they were n't holding guns at the time ? 
  with no actual standing , uniformed military , technically everyone is a civilian . 
  pretty nice of them after they built a series of colonies and within one generation the american born english betrayed the state and committed treason by killing other englishmen . 
  jet fuel cant melt steel beams, 
  i thought we were guessing what riley 's tatoo said :( my bad . 
  elf turf stadium enhancement, 
  always block, 
  come to twitch.tv / fashbinder _ have a pub league featuring some of the top 10 players from naf and stripdor doing a ladder grind into a casted 8 or 16man finals, 
  took a few attempts but confirmed using bb1 controls . 
  lmb select character -  mb, 
  lmb select character -  stab, 
  for timeschange wd , lmb self for blitz , rmb to move to square , lmb self for leap , rmb for target , rmb throw block, 
  both work as they should , both a bit fiddly compared to bbce, 
  this, 
   i have two blitzers with agi +, 
  not really playing bretons then are you , 
  it 's in game , ready and working already . 
  just arbitrarily removed as a skill choice . 
   conceding is actually very punitive already ( lose mvp , lose gold , lose spp ) ,, 
  you dont lose those , you just do n't gain them . 
  conceding costs you nothing and allows you to build to hard counter a certain race/s and concede till you play them . 
  [ a naturally occurring ogre leap starts 4:30 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k7sgqtbz0dk ), 
  not very pc bro, 
  one dice blocks can never def down or break armor . 
  i bet it was blackninja that made it more op :p, 
  compare a big mac in australia to the us too . 
  sontaran, 
  stop right there criminal scum !, 
  need to have a real and immediate ability to preform the action . 
  `` i will punch you '' when face to face = unlawful, 
  `` i will punch you '' on phone/internet = lawful, 
  opening containers marked as radioactive , playing with used syringes , playing with a gun you think is n't loaded , diving into shallow end of the pool , musket missfire , not raising arm when performing testudo . 
  every person in every society that has existed had the capacity to `` screw it up '',
