  found the ulterior motive of the person making the statement and called them out on it . 
  i do n't see a problem with it ? 
  put damage on the stack and never resolve it !, 
  he 'd really have to put on his ` black hat ' to do so . 
  remember when neds brother and father marched to kings landing and threatened to kill prince rhaegar ? 
  remember when ned tampered with roberts will ? 
  remember two faced sansa keeping jon in the dark about baelish assistance ? 
  remember bran destroying hodors life ? 
  remember arya going on a murderous killing spree ? 
  fuck those starks . 
  got a link to the `` logos '' ? 
  fair call , the top one does look like what we would see on vhs tapes and the bottom does look modern day . 
  nobody believes 100 % of refugees or 100 % of any group are peaceful law abiding people . 
  there 's just no reason to censor it . 
   i 'm genuinely curious why you think that . 
  for example , take a look at this comparison of earth 's temperature timeline : https://xkcd.com/1732/ the fact that a massive spike coincides with following the industrial revolution is not random . 
  how can you realistically draw anything from that other than gilgamesh is as responsible for climate change as we are in 2016 or that the earth naturally has warming and cooling periods . 
  check any western government in power 's budget forcasts in the past to the actual reality the following year . 
  even as a skeptic id rather not risk the planet , so id still support a national climate change policy at the cost of the economy and my own pocket as long as it was effective . 
  by effective i mean india/china have to adopt the same reforms . 
  similarly i question the source that includes `` north american pokemon '' going extinct even as a joke . 
  i think we could just rewrite the criminal code , but allow certain crimes under the rationale that god wills it and call it a religion . 
  ya , will at cover all games from round 2 onward . 
  i couldnt watch for more than 6 minutes . 
  fucker gets in amsterdam canal , says its cold , temp isnt measured . 
  it 's almost as if they wanted to provide no actual information . 
  we should be lucky that we do n't live in the same country as / u/spez because if we did and we shared a differing ideology we might get banned . 
  girt by sea mother fucker !, 
  why not apply the same censorship of stickied posts to / r/enoughtrumpspam or any other political subreddit ? 
  do you think / r/the _ donald is the only subreddit to have users who have `` devoted themselves to antagonising the broader reddit community . '', 
  perhaps even users who created an entire new sub to target supporters of another ? 
  as an aussie i dont care for us politics but after reading this i 've subbed to t_d to assist in the fight against censorship . 
  reddit is myspace , and facebook is just around the corner . 
  he 's not really left or right , he looks at something on its merits , and forms his own opinion . 
  yes , a lot of his social ideas are left leaning however i believe he 's against abortion , a traditionally right wing view . 
  i can empathise with this as im a white male conservative who disagrees with the even premise of promoting equity in any form , thinks the legislation that awards special benefits to certain races should immediately be removed but at the same time think that its insane that we try to control what a woman does with her body . 
  tldr : destiny has some left leaning social views but also does not . 
  every 5 minutes everyone who is searching for a match will get paired . 
  you can never get paired with someone 500tv apart from your team . 
  if there are only you and 1 other person searching within 500tv you are getting matched . 
  check cabal tv for col matches being played , sum total matches and divide by 12 to get an estimate of how many people might be searching every 5 minutes . 
  if on the off chance/peak period there are 4 people searching in the same 5 minute period then win-loss will have an effect , but if its you and 3 other 1400 teams , you 're still getting a 1400 team . 
  i hope that if im ever charged with any crime the judge seeks information . 
  sad to have to put a victim through it but necessary in the pursuit of justice . 
  q : why didnt you walk out the door ? 
  a : was restrained . 
  it 's just gathering information . 
  sorry buddy , why would we keep diabetics when we could not keep diabetics :( feelsbadman, 
  i dont see anywhere where i said 3 minutes tfstay, 
  destsplain the women get paid less than men concept . 
  eg flaws in using census data to get median results for a  10 % that some feminist groups use to promote their agenda . 
  think its legit ? 
  [ have a 2012 report in post grad entry level pay categorized into age/gender/experience in public/private/other sectors . 
  ] ( http://www.graduatecareers.com.au/wp-content/uploads/2013/07/graduate%20salaries%202012%20%5bsecured%5d.pdf ), 
  oh , cancer ... ... 
  you need to define shaved , see for me having embraced logic i have accepted my objective reality and so when aligning my logic in that regard , the hair on my head is of the correct length . 
  if someone was going to kill nathan and the only way you could stop them was to shave your head would you do it ? 
  and because you have hair now it proves you are illogical . 
  i 've always thought it a bit rude to force the concept of flags on aboriginal people . 
  they didnt have one pre-colonization , and was just adopted because one guy from one tribe thought it was a good idea . 
  hard to explain but would be a bit like switzerland having a navy . 
  lol facts and evidence in / r/politics, 
  top kek, 
  for sure , they have it but not in the sense england has a navy . 
  serves a purpose but not quite the same . 
  was perhaps a poor example . 
  at what point in time would it be ok to say '' jim crow laws do n't affect black communities today '' ? 
  another generation ? 
  there 's no way he could be using it for leverage against china in future negotiations !, 
  do you think when running for the republican election , trump made extreme right wing comments . 
  do you think when campaigning against hillary he appealed to the working class masses promising magical jobs appearing ? 
  do you think post victory he would make statements like `` making flag burning illegal '' to jebait the angry lefties ? 
  do you think in an effort to seek a position of power in negotiations with china he 'd have a chat with a tiwaneese president ? 
  these things he 's doing and saying are n't unintentional and is using words when he needs to to achieve his goal . 
  a bit like frank underwood ? 
  a bit like athene ? 
  trump would lie to get into office , hillary would take bribes , athene would lie to promote his cult , destiny would lie to directly save his son . 
  if you embrace logic as your core value your objective reality will align and you 'll see that like every politician ever to have run for office successfully has said things that he has no intention of making reality . 
  that sounds like something someone who has n't aligned logic to their objective reality and is still relying on comfort would say . 
  an example of this is your oblivious to the quality and content of the meme and the length of the text which when spoken aloud would take 45 seconds . 
  short sighted firefighter ca n't see the bigger picture , taking something a politician said literally and believing it was what we did in the past , we 'd be lied to and then feel sad . 
  trump is the same as any other , just being more overt . 
  using words as a tool not a heartfelt promise . 
  do you think talking to the tiwanese president was an accident ? 
  the phone rang and he just picked up ? 
  or is it more likely he has a 20 man team with a plan to gain the edge over china in future economic dealings ? 
  do you think the tweets are accidental ? 
  i do n't mean to belittle the firefighter , americans are emotionally invested in this and im not , but just the shortsightedness of this sort of response is just a bit disapointing . 
  im missing the arguement here , is it , because hes president people will go to his hotels and therefore benefits ? 
  if he was exclucivly forcing us official to only stay at trump hotels sure but would n't just banning government paid hotel accommodation from being at a trump hotel be enough ? 
  i bet the clinton foundation earns a lot less money next financial year than they do this year . 
  whats the larger problem ? 
  in 2007 the wife of the australian prime minister had to sell her business because its only client was the government and competed with others for that contract . 
  that makes sense . 
  i dont see how a hotel owner is comparable . 
  athene 's viewpoint is not the problem , it 's what he 's using it for . 
  you must only explain that despite the novel self-improvement some accounts have reported , what athene is doing is the first step in starting a cult ; that this is how cults operate . 
  although athene 's viewpoint could be argued to the end of the earth , his motives can not . 
  keep the conversation about the meta of what athene is doing wrong , not what is right or wrong about his philosophy being taught . 
  athene lies to promote his ideology , trump lies about building a wall to get republican support .
