  you 're right though , per capita we 're in a bad shape . 
  net debt at end of term :, 
  keating 1996-97 96,281, 
  howard 2007-08 -44,820 b ( thats right , its negative ), 
  it worked out well for zimbabwe !, 
  i thought this appeared on my feed from / r/leagueoflegends ;p, 
  that 's a fair and informative link . 
  here 's another : http://lpa.webcontent.s3.amazonaws.com/web%20assets/labors-waste-and-chaos-a4-sample.pdf, 
  also consider the upload rate of the source you are trying to download from . 
  evolution . 
  colonial + primitives create a different species to hera + primitives . 
  presumably the same way interbreeding neanderthals/homo erectus lead to humans today . 
  i can accept this . 
  i also see balter just wallowing in self pity/work . 
  the head6 forcing him to take other actions , inc the bomb in cic s1 that could have otherwise ended humanity there ;p, 
  i spent a few hours looking at actual reviews , not metacritic or ing . 
  i also look to see if a game does something new and innovative that i havent seen before . 
  ( i obviously dont like the 3 fps clones that come out annually ), 
  i stumbled across this link in totalbiscuits `` port report '', 
  it made up my mind, 
  wtf is dawngate ? 
  obviously your skirt is too long, 
  clearly camouflage not working . 
  i use to be friends with gavin but then i took a ban to the sub . 
  should be on the games feature list :, 
  will lose your character at random on a 20 or more : roll 4d6, 
  if in ` early access ' roll 5d6, 
  ama request : stuart hakin, 
  did you read the instructois ? 
  tell us what happened when the first four numbers were showd to you . 
  do you think the word `` guide '' at the games menu should be renamed to `` instructois '' ? 
  what would you rate the game out of potato ? 
  a game of thrones !, 
  im going to guess you 're from that part of europe . 
  add some events pertaining to the history of the state from the appropriate era . 
  tbh outside of paradox games , i an australian , know literally nothing about bohmerwald and just looking at the title my immediate thought was `` is n't that a town in skyrim ? '', 
  google suggest an event about the forest or tensions/missions to gobble up austria . 
  watch_dogs is looking pretty bad with day 1 dlc . 
  many missions , raw stats , dlc guns . 
  has cosmetics like skins etc too . 
  the dlc car strength ( might take 2 rpg 's instead of 1 ) and extra battery ( they hack lights , you unhack in response but they have an extra bar so they win ) . 
  who knows what the guns are doing . 
  hope it 's the star citizen type model where the stuff you 're paying for is inferior to the items you can earn . 
  black people . 
  befenpo , we 're getting downvoted . 
  pick another race !, 
  jews ? 
  you 'd think it 'd be closer to the mormon religion . 
  the prophet being the only one able to see the angel , 
  tbh it seems pretty obvious hes not even into her and [ speculation ] ( #g `` i 'd wager $ 100 he is going to kill her '' ), 
  it 's actually ned stark 's fault . 
  had he not tampered with roberts will , jauffrey would have been a named successor regardless of legitimacy . 
  stannis would n't have felt it was rightfully his and renly would have a hard time gathering banner men with jauf declared baratheon successor . 
  i want to see james purefoy , kevin mckidd and ray stevenson in there ... somehow :(, 
  thirteen !, 
  armour is often coloured in house colours !, 
  you 're probably right , should link song : http://youtu.be/mjky3gg4t3q?t=55s, 
  after seeing him in dexter he 's certainly got more skills than just a dumb brute and could see him as the [ describing tv peasants unmet characters personality ] ( #b `` strong leader victarion '' ) is . 
  purefoy as [ tv peasants unmet characters ] ( #b '' euron ? '' ), 
  edit : seems like im not the only one https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2qfbhk3ned4, 
  the show could also make a cosmetic change to to make [ same context as above ] ( #b `` victarions red priest '' ) a white guy . 
  he 's got the hair for it  - mckidd :d, 
  not even kidding , would figuratively explode . 
  my bad , got the uk/au version of the books . 
  what 's that large square box on the wall that shes pointing at ? 
  what is that device that is on the ground next to it ? 
  could not imagine their function with a pc on the other side of the room . 
  op a big fan of hbo 's rome ... right ? 
  im a little concerned with day 1 dlc for stats , the game being pushed back and ` downgrading ' speculation . 
  id be wanting a version of watch dogs that can be modded . 
  disclaimer : i sub to pcmasterrace . 
  is that call of duty ? 
  seems like console graphics have improved . 
  the mod does n't require any dlc . 
  the only dlc that mechanically improves the mod is the old gods . 
  it will let you use the raiding mechanic for the ironborn/misc other realms . 
  i was legend in beta , became disinterested for x reasons . 
  still occasionally play and am r20-25 . 
  i did n't want to have to tell you this ... you need a nuclear warhead , technically you need the plutonium inside . 
  if you rewatch the entire series and think to youself `` roslyn is grabbing at power every chance she gets '' you 'll see her in a different light . 
  taking over from adar ( need people to rationalize her presidency as the military wont listen , get people . 
  when the cylons come she refuses to jump , and without lee 's magical emp theory , would have died then and there ), 
  kinda similar to cersei lannister , a power monger who arbitrarily uses that power for her own agenda . 
  i get high and think i could rule the world in the same style as kim jong un , she gets high and acts it out . 
  ( happened to be true , but thats for the show :p ), 
  her coup/arrest , colonial day , baltars presidency , post baltars presidency , interactions with rebel cylon , starbuck/arrow . 
  i cant recall them all but i picked up on this during my very first watching . 
  [ hodor theory ] ( #g `` he 's tall ... and going to kill bran ! '' ), 
  ama request : kate ground, 
  can i see your hoof ? 
  hay there , why the long face ? 
  people can hear you comming with that clip clop of your ... oh , you 're not wearing heels . 
  in which states is bestiality legal ? 
  did you do porn because your male relative molested you or because he went to molest you but then saw your hoof and left ? 
  when you were younger did you get your shoes from foot locker or a blacksmith ? 
  no , but republics are meh . 
  i watch this more often than i should . 
  james and bear goofing around, 
  i think , along with being a sleeper , there would be a subroutine to refrain from such actions . 
  i 've made a few criticisms of day 1 dlc and the raw stat boosts they 're offerings effect on multiplayer .
