  the magical internet fairy will see our efforts and increase our upload speeds for sure . 
  it will even use the power of love , hopes and dreams to bypass the restrictions of internet exchange points or the limitations of submarine cables . 
  sure , sending your neighbour porn will be faster , but any transcontinental data would be unaffected . 
  the guy that beat hitler , nice . 
  yes , the magical internet fairy will help you do it `` just fine '' through magic . 
  that 's totally how it works !, 
  people saying mean things on the internet . 
  to the front page !, 
  in the late 90 's i did n't have the internet at home and would buy pc magazines to get the disk that usually came with it for various software/game updates , demos . 
  i would also like a separate session for pureblood whites so we 're not forced to endure those who are only 90 % white genetically . 
  overlord = {, 
  add_opinion = {, 
  who = root, 
  modifier = liberty_now, 
  i realized you might want the cn to have the opinion of the overlord , it would look like ;, 
  overlord = {, 
  root = {, 
  add_opinion = { who = prev mod = blah }, 
  might also want to adjust the trigger so it does n't fire every day when true . 
   megawar odds - ai decision making, 
  they are more likely to join you if : they supported you in the past , close relative is kingsguard , close relative is king , grandchild is king , favours stopping independence , dynasty is king , allied with king , in law is king , shared culture , shared religion , not lunatic , has dragon , is friend , enemy is rival and every +20 opinion . 
  replace king with rebel leader if you 're trying to gauge allies chance of joining you . 
  the english kings fascination with what the romans left behind was the best concept/scene in the series . 
  the criminal code lists consequences for varying degrees of assault . 
  my chief concern is ensuring that toasters get the same treatment as everyone else , as there is no legislation that protects them . 
  i believe the holocaust did n't happen . 
  hitler was a good person trying to bring peace to the world . 
  i 've reached out to hundreds of people who were in concentration camps until the day they died and have received no response . 
  that is reddit admins default response . 
  scumbag jatt , fire matt, 
  i would like to see more rap videos . 
  i really hope evolve does n't sell well and they realize its because of their money grubbing, 
  while i do n't smoke in the car with children , it 's not the place of the state to determine that . 
  see abortion and vaccines . 
  i think blackninja had a hand in it , so it 99 % is broken !, 
  my distain towards quill began when he had access to eu4 before anyone else and was like `` derp trade 2 hard '', 
  give ddrjake a review copy if your games mechanics are solid . 
  oh , i only know about gg because totalbiscuit has mentioned it a few times . 
  i thought the problem was that some women blame video games for violence irl . 
  or that some women think video games are sexist because female characters are scantily clad hotties . 
  i thought that was the issue and i laughed at it . 
  i cant imagine the `` no girls allowed to play/make games '' concept even existed . 
  oh man , you just leveled up !, 
  guy got thrown to the ground . 
  what was there to stop ? 
  probably because of reasons ? 
  im going to register :, 
  - upload your ex today -, 
  a bill is being passed for later this year , where if someone makes a fool of themselves while drunk , it is unlawful to talk about it as it may distress them . 
  peace is a lie , there is only passion . 
  what 's wrong with ao games ? 
  i personally welcome concepts that are a little darker than `` shoot badguys '' . 
  im still trying to figure out what a movement that wants ethical standards in gaming journalism has to do with gender . 
  is it because a femenist publicly said via the media `` video games make 100 % of people criminals and everyone hates women '' to which gg replies `` well isnt that silly '' and the femenist says `` im being harassed because of my gender not my warped opinion that i made for public discussion '', 
  is that how this all started ? 
  what human rights violations has this government committed ? 
   turning boat full of refugees back to the persecutors, 
  was it because they did n't meet the requirements ? 
  eg were n't persecuted by their governemnt . 
   inhumane treatment of the refugees held at narau . 
  the article mentions a lot of assaults against other people and children by other detainees , not by guards . 
  i do n't want people that abuse children released into society . 
  the uk did something similar recently . 
  do you propose you separate parents from their children ? 
  there 's no right answer . 
  [ this map shows countries that will accept refugees ] ( https://maximos62.files.wordpress.com/2010/12/refugeeconvention.jpg ), 
  [ this officially sourced page indicates where refugees came from in 2012-2013 ] ( http://www.scoa.org.au/faqretrieve.aspx?id=35755 ), 
  if it were up to me , id point to each country geographically closest to point of origin and ask `` why did n't you go here if you were truly fleeing for your lives ? '', 
   i doubt that they want, 
  it 's exactly what i want from a pre release review . 
  is the game ready . 
  thanks !, 
  spent a few hours reading up on this insanity . 
  the tldr id give is `` it was proven a group of `` journalists '' conspired to push an agenda not in the consumers best interest '', 
  for sure , i mean the < 2 weeks to launch reviews . 
  eg : upcomming attila game has 3 options to use post battle . 
  2 will not be picked ever . 
  ( ok perhaps you might want to kill captives to get relations with an enemy 's enemy if they 've improved ai behaviour ), 
  got strange spots on your arms ? 
  want to hide them ? 
  add more, 
  its not really a circle jerk . 
  oh , has dayz been officially launched ? 
  always victorious , happy and glorious , born to reign over us !, 
  while i am awfully scared of black counter culture , its good to see a competent aussie team !, 
  prior to divine blood option in old gods , the congenital traits for targs were determined by event . 
  agot mod duels are not rng , it is stat/trait based . 
  i remember adding duke nukem to the background on windows 95 . 
  the time frame is spot on !, 
  after adding red priest , sword quest , cadet houses , widling hordes/horn of winter , court trial , harrenhal and misc shenanigans , i really cant think of much else either . 
  a blank ream of paper is 10x the size of sastoshi 's bitcoin dissertation . 
  nobody should have a problem with cosmetic dlc . 
  knuckey , the agot team leader , had a skype interview/chat with a paradox staffer , a few months later wiz was hired . 
  was this your first attempt with that character to get a sword and was this in sp or mp ? 
  when you decline to listen your companion gets event 45 . 
  he sends you event 46 99 % of the time , otherwise he gives you the sword . 
  event 46 adds the most appropriate sword to ` him ' and flags you for priority inheritance , then firing the duel engine . 
  re-looked over it and the only problem i could see was a duplicate flag being added on line 2793 . 
  hell , i get scared just seeing black people, 
  [ i 'm from straya , i have to be !,
