  to determine if something is racist , use the white christian male test . 
  replace the black/female/muslim or other minorty with a white christian male . 
  there is a running gag i play with my friends that when we have sex with our girlfriends/wives without using a condom , we say to eachother ` im going to hell for what i did last night '', 
  black people commit lots of crime . 
  white people commit lots of crime . 
  they must both be racist or neither is . 
  do n't forget you could just import the same 2l of milk from another country as it 's sold there for 10fiction cents which is worth 0.5 aud . 
  dodge that australia tax !, 
  oz-games . net recently went down to upgrade to a new super expensive server , 50 slots etc , just waiting for the pop to build up again . 
  also has non playing admins to avoid abuse but still deal with cheats . 
  i put my money in a bank as opposed to on my doormat so it does n't get stolen . 
  make an effort to protect your property . 
  lock your car when its on the street , do n't give out your bitcoin wallet.dat , if you do n't want digital media `` stolen '' use some kind of drm . 
  did you bang helen ? 
  like , what was she out of 10 ? 
  it works for the jews so there 's precident . 
  plus , if anyone tries to argue or disagree , you could label them an anti semmite . 
  i think it 's greeces best option . 
  carry on citizen . 
  if i saw someone raping a little girl , that person shoots an arrow in my knee and runs , id shoot him in the back . 
  incapacitating someone who commits a crime seems reasonable . 
  only if they 're stealing shit . 
  would you have pressed it at 1 ? 
  at the moment people are shunning pressers , but within a week or two , this sub will still exist and the non pressers will be the `` failed to press '', 
  nah , when it reaches zero the greys will be mocked as failures and will join the remaining 99 % of the world population who did n't press it . 
  pressers are the 1 % . 
  he was not a landed title holder and is therefore not a lord . 
  why would you call kevin !!!!, 
  how to skip kripp ? 
  i once got told to jump off a cliff , i decided not to do it . 
  99 % of the worlds population will also not press the button . 
  pressers are an elite few , of all the billions of humans who died , who arent born yet , we pressers are the chosen ones . 
  i wish i knew this was a career option 10 years ago :(, 
  my right arm is a lot stronger than my left !, 
  you faught the bear and the ... bear won . 
  what will happen when it reaches zero and every non presser 's flair from now until the end of time is `` failed to press '' ? 
  lot 's of people died from lack of food and disease too , when provisions are low , prisoners do n't get fed . 
  i would n't know how to even guess how many actually died because of an order for the purposes of eliminating a race as opposed to just being casualties of war . 
  should do the same with racism !, 
  could have also named him obama, 
  / u/thewhitedeath 's wife is looking over his shoulder at time of post . 
  please ignore . 
  sorry , i thought i was on / r/harrypotterrule34, 
  the stigma that it 's ok to enter in physical altercations with police and that it 's ok to try to run . 
  i saw cpr . 
  danger - performing cpr would not endanger themselves or others, 
  response - no signs of life or obviously dead . 
  end cpr, 
  i saw cpr , the steps they took were ;, 
  danger - performing cpr would not endanger themselves or others, 
  response - no pulse , obviously dead beyond cpr 's benefit . 
  airway , breathing compressions , defib not required . 
  end cpr, 
  they will take your money though at any and every opportunity . 
  jackie lee disagrees with you and sorry for thinking a man and his wife wanting to play a fantasy 2 player game and thought sex . 
  crazy !, 
  i did n't know buddhists got tattoos . 
  not pragmatically , but its a risk you dont need to take . 
  like drink driving . 
  if someone is stuck they should deal with it themselves , get a friend , suicide , place blocks , relog . 
  admins should only deal with hacks and exploits . 
  i agree with / u/googolplexy for the most part , but russia wanting the ukraine back would be like britain annexing sealand . 
  later today im going to put rdu on / r/punchablefaces, 
  will get tonnes of karma for sure . 
  i personally dont mind ` lights out ', 
  i 'd like to be able to shoot guns and arrows into the air from the top of the tall building . 
  i 'm not hurting anyone . 
  i 'd like to be able to not vaccinate children . 
  i 'm not hurting anyone . 
  could kill people with dodgy home insulation . 
  non presser clicks random link on the internet on the topic of rick astley in a thread started by faggotmcsandnigger.hrm ... 
  / u/trollabot - amiibo -, 
  and now i have a fettish . 
  i believe jimmy carter made a similar comment about ufo 's . 
  it 's almost like its a sovereign nation . 
  roping every turn is subtle bm . 
  your tears have brought me the greatest satisfaction i have received in under 60 seconds . 
  dear dad 's wife ,, 
  i know why he did n't want to be with you now so we need no further contact . 
  sincerely , janesnow94149, 
  classic one upper . 
  this is why sites like g2a exist, 
  steam logic :, 
  i will sell my game to australians for $ 10 usd . 
  i will sell my game to americans for $ 6 usd . 
  i will sell my game to black people for $ 2 usd . 
  i will sell my game to women for $ 1 usd . 
  consumer logic :, 
  i will find the lowest price and buy it there . 
   , how cna a business stay afloat when they sell games at x price . 
  not my problem as the consumer , i 'll buy the same product for the cheapest price i can . 
  being shafted because of race , religion , gender , ethnicity or nationality only strengthens my resolve . 
  75aud = 58 usd, 
  his glorious excellency cesar !, 
  consul of rome, 
  dear hbo ,, 
  if australians could buy your channel online for x per month , they would . 
  he already had a real neckbeard . 
   what the kid did is illegal -- broken into someone 's house to shift the magnets around on the fridge, 
  invited over for dinner , shown the fridge and the magnets , given access to 20 adjacent fridges and magnets along with 19 other people .
