  aww damn , i quite enjoyed the extra credits videos . 
  ca n't watch them anymore as i 'd be funding such stupidity . 
  i had to do some googling to find out who matt lees is , just some random youtuber with 0.015 % of tb 's subs . 
  throwing out names to generate attention is nothing new . 
  shame on tb for indulging them . 
  reddit admins are cowardly scum . 
  it 's still live atm . 
  hes on a bad luck streak . 
  i lol every time . 
  attacked is vague . 
  might mean `` verbally criticized me so i felt attacked '' . 
  the consequence for assault is listed in the criminal code , i 'd suspect that the drunk was n't working at the time so while a good employer would usually react , it 's not required . 
   if the coworker was really drunk at work he should be fired for that alone . 
  it 's not unlawful , it 's up to the employer . 
   why should he be at work if he is n't working ? 
  it 's not uncommon in retail/service positions . 
  [ criminal code ] ( https://www.legislation.qld.gov.au/legisltn/current/c/crimincode.pdf ), 
  [ tldr version ] ( http://www.legalaid.qld.gov.au/publications/practitioners-service-providers/documents/duty-lawyer-handbook/chapter-5-specific-offences-under-the-criminal-code-more-commonly-dealt-with-and-defences.pdf ), 
  the crown , colonies and former colonies criminal codes etymologically come from norman englands common law . 
  while will vary , not by much . 
  words are only assault if you are making a threat and have the ability to carry out that threat . 
  assault eg : while face to face '' / u/steelcitykid i will punch you '', 
  not assault eg : via email '' / u/steelcitykid i will punch you '', 
  not assault eg : '' / u/steelcitykid you are very bad at your place of employment , i hope something bad happens to you '', 
  this is the correct answer . 
  you can recreate skyrim , gta5 and civ given enough time . 
  those with swords , wives , sons etc should never have an ambition to have another . 
  one of the best games i 've played . 
  ft the original guitar hero . 
  yes , yes you can . 
  arya has nudie scenes in the books , you keen ? 
  you murdered your own countrymen in 1776 , committed treason upon the your father . 
  then did it some more over a road in virginia . 
  really ? 
  lumen ann pierce is a main character in season five of dexter . 
  to hunt down all the men who raped and tortured her as well as other women , whom they also murdered . 
  lumen is a young woman in her late 20s or early 30s . 
  she is 5 ' 3 '' with a lean , slender body . 
  she has multiple scars on her back , caused by trauma suffered at the hands of the group . 
  in her initial introduction she was dirty , and her clothing was ragged , a result of her confinement and abuse . 
  she appears to be very determined to free herself of this anxiety by killing each and every one of her former attackers . 
  she is shown to be obsessive , but very intelligent . 
  as the season progresses she becomes more relaxed in dexter 's company . 
  she displays friendliness towards dexter . 
  however , once jordon chase is killed , states that she has to leave dexter to move on with her life . 
  has a leaving at the airport scene too !, 
  police should be responsible for prison rape too !, 
  i 've made about 20 alt accounts to downvote blackninja , so that could have something to do with it . 
  he breaks all my events and teaches people to cheat !, 
  im still not sure how honesty , integrity and transparency is sexist/racist/transphobic : s, 
  if you were a part of russia this would n't be a problem . 
  when the wildlings capture and hold the wall for a number of years , they get event troops spawned . 
  the king has a cb to restore the watch . 
  better use it !, 
  who 's played a fps for singleplayer since halflife ? 
  bending the knee/taking a ward and trial by court are the best imo, 
  i 've found its better to be average and popular than competent/hardworking and unpopular . 
  whoever actually thinks dayz will ever be hack free are ignorant idiots . 
  australian media has made the same speculation about leadership battles since the 1980 's . 
  hawke/keating , howard/costello , rudd/gillard . 
  even if there was a `` lets get our favoured party in power '' agenda , it would be second to `` lets make money through creating speculation '' . 
  when offered a referendum to become a republic we declined . 
  we love the royals , the older generation 's parents were born in britain , my sense of patriotism is equally for australia as it is for britain . 
  re-enstating tradition , while having no pragmatic effect , was a boon for his cause . 
   people are importing cadbury 's from the uk and selling it in the us, 
  how are cadburys responsible for the actions of other people ? 
  and we declined it . 
  god save the queen !, 
  yes . 
  [ green voter summary ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wh_mbwqhgga ), 
   it 's not wrong of me to expect a game to have few hackers post-release, 
  i agree , but no game company has succeeded and we are constantly underwhelmed with `` soon '' `` monitoring the situation '' and other such broken promises . 
  you mean when she uploaded it to the internet ? 
  ( intentionally or not ), 
  i thought it was funny . 
  [ everyone thinks the other team are getting special treatment ] ( http://www.abc.net.au/news/2009-09-02/media-favours-coalition-study-finds/1414594 ), 
  which country is better than those created by the empire ? 
  nothing in south america , nothing in africa , nothing in the middle east , nothing in india , nothing in asia ? 
  chasers had no restrictions , i personally loved the [ make a realistic wish foundation ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mzw2z7ljqxw ), 
  probably , most 12 year olds dont have a credit card , so the cheat makers wont bother . 
  if its legit , can you post a now pic ? 
  always wonder if funny looking kids grow up to look normal . 
  even if all her allegations are proven to be false , she will write a book and go on a media circuit and make enough to retire . 
  took league like 3 years to do it . 
  hearthstone replays 2018, 
  tldr if the southern states succeeded during the american civil war , would it be ok 25 years later for the northern states to try to annex them again ? 
  i think so . 
  similarly , id have no objection to scythia , the golden horde , the crimean khanate , poland , lithuania , or russia doing the same . 
  if i was russia , id get my pro russian supporters to do the arm link chain wall again and return . 
  it was in 1975 that womens rights movements won in australia and the anti discrimination act outlawed gender based inequality . 
  all western countries have something similar . 
  there is no further agenda to pursue . 
  why is it still an issue ? 
  long may he reign !, 
  under 30 and not liberal , you have no heart , over 30 and not conservative , you have no brain . 
  i can already send data to other australians at fast speed , can send children to free public schools ,, 
  the nbn would n't have changed that . 
  `` any man who is under 30 , and is not a liberal , has not heart ; and any man who is over 30 , and is not a conservative , has no brains . '', 
  ( sir winston churchill , 1874-1965 ), 
  people hitting eachother happens regardless of gender .
