  oh , sucks to not be a queenslander , 
  im only 8 seconds slower than usain bolt doing the 100m . 
  we both learned something today , 
  tell it to the jews, 
  saying someone viewbots is n't harassment . 
  biggest scumbag since jatt , biggest scammer since amaz, 
  standard reddit witchhunting rule is fine . 
  with proof you should be able to make statements based on evidence . 
  forsen is cancer but compared to reddit mods the lesser of two evils . 
  this needs to be top comment . 
  [ this angered me more than the viewbot ] ( https://i.imgur.com/cja2jjz.jpg ), 
  yes riot jatt before he was hired . 
  yes is scumbag , many have forgiven and forgotten , not i. 
  see reply below for details or google . 
  nazis had an inverted swastika on their arm not a g. 
  i had many great experiences as a result of her using phones . 
  i do n't like it when people talk to me while maintaining their gaze on their phone . 
  similarly if i was promoting and at event a i would not want to make comments about event b. 
  [ hello i am passive aggressive massan and i have an innocent question ] ( https://i.imgur.com/cja2jjz.jpg ), 
  can you stream without shirt because here is a pic of someone doing it . 
  another streamer says im viewbotting its harassing me !!, 
  your response didnt say youd ban him plz reconsider rekf, 
  plz plz plz strike him, 
  it 's not a witch hunt if its true . 
  [ the price of bitcoin is 448usd ] ( https://bitcoinwisdom.com ), 
  [ massan has tried to get admins to ban people ] ( https://i.imgur.com/cja2jjz.jpg ), 
  [ firebat won blizcon ] ( http://us.battle.net/hearthstone/en/blog/16667442/congratulations-to-the-hearthstone-world-championship-winner-11-8-2014 ), 
  these are all statements supported by evidence . 
  what ever happened to that canadian guy ? 
  i always wonder why those who pay money to others that is greater than the cost of a hitman do n't take the hitman . 
  does this mean that if i never leave the house and spend all day on reddit for 30 years i will be exposed to less 2.4 ghz radiation that most humans who have ever existed and therefore may gain superpowers/immortality/longlife ? 
  i dunno , the picture is in black and white . 
  how inefficient . 
  the previous labor government literally gave away more . 
  the liberal party has always been concerned with avoiding crippling debt . 
  i think people vote for them because they are more responsible with taxpayer money and they have the data to support it . 
  in 94 labor left office with a budget defecit ( -3 % ) and a networth deficit ( -10 % or more ) . 
  after 10 years the liberals left with a budget surplus ( 1.6 % ) and networth deficit of -14 b ( -1.2 % ) . 
  in 8 years of spending to be popular , labor skyrocketed the networth deficit to 323b ( -18.4 % ) . 
  in the same period the us networth deficit increased by -2 % . 
  spending for growth is a worthwhile investment , spending to be popular is not . 
  did some looking . 
  would go to darkweb . 
  would place bounty on site . 
  people would post date and time of death . 
  if verified would have money released by site . 
  essentially ebay . 
  yes , you realize that you do n't make an account and give them your phone number and chat with the guy ? 
  your `` buy order '' is just a bitcoin transfer with a signature . 
  99 % of men are not ceos . 
  im not a fighter , so i think [ `` benny hill - the edwin davids jazz band '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mk6txmsvgqg ), 
   would he really have fucked my shoes ? 
  yes . 
  does n't your os allow you to make a macro ? 
  i just saw two people have sex then one person left ? 
  is that what rape is ? 
  are you sure ? 
  i thought he whispered to her `` do you like asparagus ? '', 
  hitler was right, 
  i dont like mma but i like watching highlights of people getting ko 'd . 
  did they ever release those secret fbi files on him ? 
  if you are middle class you are an upstanding well-to-do citizen and only want to associate with likeminded people and not those from the ghetto . 
  in the past i used / all now i have to click front . 
  thanks sanders . 
  they need to really write down information as they gain it . 
  president 's who got `` three reds '' should be suspicious . 
  anyone who plays a blue from a choice should be trusted to a level based on it being 1st - 4th liberal . 
  nein house rule is dumb . 
  should keep track of who elects whom as president and who supports that office . 
  the 5h video i watched was just people just saying things at random based on who that person was 4 games earlier and how much they like cats . 
  nobody expects keen insights or rational deductions from jesse cox , but a big list explaining these basic concepts might lead to better gameplay . 
  brothers and sons i have none , but that persons father is my fathers son . 
  it 's not powergaming to explain how to make deductions based on action/information . 
  it is how you play . 
  in monopoly you buy properties to collect rent . 
  in scrabble you place the best scoring word you can without leaving room for you opponent to place common words . 
  in secret hitler , you keep track of who is nominating whom for chancellor and who supports it , who is given a choice or who is consecutively drawing `` three facists '' . 
  i am under the impression some players are n't aware of that concept and are instead using `` who was facist last game '' or `` who doesnt lie irl '' as rationale for actions as opposed to information gained in the game . 
  therefore it would be a good idea to explain those concepts to everyone before the roles are revealed . 
  in poker , a full house is a two pair and three pair . 
  if a gaming group wants to ignore it and only play with pairs as highest combo , it 's appropriate to rationalize why other combinations exist and point out detriment to removing straits/flushes etc. 
  you can also tell anyone anything , its then their choice to agree or disagree . 
  sounds like you lack self control . 
  remake with wheels because of flak . 
  some kind of anti cheat, 
  do you think the russian land given to ukraine should have been given back to lithuania ? 
  in lieu of alimony . 
  hot chick at work doesnt remember 9/11, 
  women are faster knitters than men because my grandmother can knit and i can not, 
  here is a list of australian embassies . 
  if your government is trying to kill you , go to one of them and we will help . 
  if you get on a boat and try to sneak in , you 're going to have a bad time . 
  what is cod doing that people are saying `` dramatically changes '' it ? 
  as i understand it 's quake 2 multiplayer but instead of finding powerups on the ground you get kills to unlock them . 
  if all presidents were black , hed be the first white one . 
  i liked to get a 3 warp core stab frigate and watch tv while capturing faction warfare complexes . 
  buying the most ip/isk item and selling it for a profit . 
  helps your faction , makes money and low user imput . 
  more strict ranked matchmaking . 
  still getting paired with art bots in gold rank .
