  if it was something super niche like inception it might have actual merit compared to `` slave/owner/revenge '' interactions . 
  i used to make memes like you , but then i took an arrow to the knee . 
  im getting pretty sikh of this . 
  what if he is n't physically attracted to her ? 
  what if he does n't have sex with her ? 
  what if it 's just an arranged marriage and the families just wanted it done now to coincide with a business deal . 
  i 'd like to use public transport , it 's super cost efficient but the people that use it are the biggest deterrent . 
  the guy does n't either . 
  say thanks awkwardly, 
  [ they dance pretty well too ] ( https://youtu.be/vd60xnbo0tm?t=36s ), 
  everything that isnt food and shelter is a waste of money when you really think about it . 
  give islam a chance , because it will cut you when you try to remove it . 
  you can just use your hand then wash it !, 
  alternate title : indecisive woman after red cordial, 
  * downvotes on alt accounts, 
  or two guys were having a threesome with a girl and their balls touched . 
  * not all the persecutions of the movement and of its individual leaders , not all the defamations and slanders , have been able to do it any harm . 
  the correctness of its ideas , the purity of its purposes , the readiness of its adherents to sacrifice , have thus far enabled it to emerge from all oppressions stronger than ever . 
  i ca n't wait for turkey to fuck up , and be forced to return constantinople to greece because id really like to see it , but not istanbul . 
  i think you all need to brush up on the definition of abuse . 
  roslyn from bsg . 
  a powermonger from day one . 
  might not notice it right away but if you just watch her scene , every scene is about her maintaining power , sometimes indirectly . 
  im with you . 
  one word conversation responses should be pretty clear to people that you 're not interested in a conversation . 
  fine thanks . 
  = leave, 
  great , yourself ? 
  = continue talking, 
  how hard is it ? 
  i think we should have sex . 
  * puts on headset *, 
  did you throw in some silent letters ? 
  really ? 
  when im 60 they 'll still be 18 . 
  but you 're really ted, 
  when people want you to go away do they say `` devoff devon '', 
  as you get older you stop giving a shit what people think . 
  just rewatch a new hope . 
  it explains tfa, 
  try squeeze some dip points out of merchant faction , reduce war exhaustion , cancel core , re core . 
  might shave some time off . 
  * 9gag does not want their users to notice that their community is very restrictedly ruled by admins . 
  just like reddit !, 
  ok it 's in my left hand but where do i put it now ? 
  should i ask a neighbour if i can use theirs ? 
  oh , i was expecting it to be the same body but black . 
  neighbour said `` fuck off '' and closed the door before i even said anything . 
  i put it in his letterbox when he was n't looking so theres no way he will know it was me . 
  eu4/common/defines . lua, 
  start_date = `` 1444.11.11 '' ,, 
  the only father figure that baby will know . 
  it 's more to do with people bringing their children to places they should n't . 
  upscale restaurant , late night movies etc, 
  cant get no release, 
  oh , i thought that was this sub, 
  the power of paradox games , multiple ways to solve a problem . 
  have n't you seen a new hope ? 
  just put them in a baby cage, 
  the advantages of marrying a 12 year old are for $ 500 . 
  make cn , save it , edit it 's file . 
  that beautifully told the story of the force awakens , you should do the others too !, 
  stop calling them hoverboards then !, 
  i will start calling them 4e games from here on . 
  or 4g ; go grow gather genocide, 
  surely you and other likeminded people can just downvote it . 
  when voat has better ( and the voting system is used properly ( so we dont need fedora wearing mods ) volume im there . 
  nah , she probably knows his opinion of his relatives and it seems like a rational action . 
  what a save !, 
  i saw a new hope 4 times and got sick of having the same story told over and over . 
  jj abrams could do it . 
  a tale about a young man on a sand tyle world with a facination for computers . 
  soccer player was hit without a rugby/nfl style body check but merely by being ran into , then lay on ground to cry for mother ? 
  same as now, 
  a fantastic replica of the original . 
  just like what jj abrams did . 
  it 's not even a conspiracy anymore :(, 
  no , some people really wanted to hear the same story over again with some new faces and different shaped droids , others were looking for a new compelling story in the star wars universe . 
  like art its subjective . 
  i remember voting to live in a multicultural country . 
  i did not like the new star wars film . 
  i was in the category of those looking for a progressing story like rome , wayward pines , battlestar galactica , breaking bad as opposed to law and order . 
  was in shock and disbelief as the plot was revealed screaming `` they cant be doing this again '' in my head with a cold sweat and a sick feeling in my stomach . 
  crikey mate , its going to be hot for you . 
  nobody here has a problem with those who go to an embassy and applies , but if you are rowing here on a boat , unannounced and making demands you 're going to have a bad time . 
  i 'd endure corruption and endless political gaffs to not be raped . 
  i will give you gold if she finds reveals her name to be rey farquahar . 
  you 're right , could suffer more corruption and still be raped . 
  you need a wizard ahai, 
  i once looked at a person for more than 5 seconds too :(, 
  in australia calling an ambulance is free . 
  naturally i ask every paramedic what the dumbest thing they 've been called to was . 
  it 's a toss up between a papercut and a getting pins and needles in your leg after sitting for a long period . 
  left did she ? 
  people saw it because of the ip . 
  the actual movie could have been about plants and its opening weekend would have fared just as well . 
  this should be top comment . 
  wow , this would be pretty rough on black kids too . 
  is your last name rumplestiltskin ? 
  good to see you being courteous to frail elderly people .
