  same with hillary 's guy, 
  pretty sexy, 
  being worth 100b is n't the same has having 30 mil laying around, 
  said `` stay fantastic , upvoted . '', 
  upvoted . 
  im glad it was drm free , 
  pretty sure this is the demon child event chain . 
  had one get military jesus once , 50 martial , 
  * stratches face with index finger to indicate to moderator that id like to reply to this specific point with a prepared phrase . 
  for sure , i 've noticed most of your plays revolve around 5 + actions . 
  an idea ive come up with is if there was no bank rule and that players couldnt spend their own money on inducements . 
  i for one have never made an insensitive comment in private to a friend !, 
  australian so dont really care , but i 'd much rather the devil i know . 
  lol , ill watch you fumbbl seanyy < 3, 
  pretty sure legally as an independent citizen you have certain protections from the law that someone who is paid to intentionally perform the same actions does not . 
  the time where the british people had been in america for 50 years before committing treason ? 
  gon na be a sad day for humanity when it happens on mars . 
  a monumental feat of human achievement besmirched by some greedy people looking for money and power . 
  i like how in the picture they showed a group of two siblings and a group of three siblings . 
  people who have emotional reactions to words on the internet when their job is to interact with anonymous people on the internet should be ashamed of themselves . 
  tv is all that matters . 
  its still art of war for me . 
  transfer occupancy removed so much frustration when trying to feed vassals . 
  similarly wargoals always being given to warleader . 
  in 4 years when eu5 is out , if these are n't in im done, 
  ! remindme 4 years, 
  had a guy want my religion , got mad when i converted his city . 
  triangles are for noobs , go rhombus squares, 
  imagine if warriors , instead of a attack/defence value , it said `` this is a fighting unit '', 
  the music , that is all . 
  do you really think getting a sick district placement for a +2 bonus is really worth it ? 
  a good idea for dealing with it but the inefficiency for negative amenities is too damn high, 
  i think hes modest and humble on stream , always willing to accept criticism and concedes when a sub optimal play or mistake was made . 
  i frequently backseat game him like a madman with paint images and he takes it like a champ . 
  a synonym for admits !, 
  xtz earphone 12, 
  i dunno , for me they all fall under the category of `` angry anonymous person on the internet saying stuff '', 
  but i really enjoyed 90 % of the show dealing with the same feelings in a slightly different circumstance . 
  the ai is the issue . 
  compare how much ai cheats in civ v eu4 . 
  i 've played about 40h and am now bored with it unless i get a friend to play mp . 
  eu4 is 1000 + hours singleplayer and counting, 
  you are naught but a brutal thug !, 
  id hope the fbi do their job independently of politics . 
  i thought it was going to be something to do with the star jewish families had to wear in ww2 . 
  omnipotent knowledge is the pre-requisite for being president . 
  reckon caesar was secretly a bastard by some slave ? 
  \u00f1yg\u00c5rz really annoy me, 
  this is what racism is these days ? 
  compare this to actual racism and any rational person should roll their eyes . 
  i reckon real time analysis would be cool , even if you did 4 minute turns and agreed to take 2 to leave time for post move analysis . 
  like in our game when there was a block for a 2d on my ball , you went for a safe control play while i thought not taking the sack was a mistake . 
  in the time i only managed to eloquently express the word coward but i reckon having time to have a real time discussion of pros/cons would be insightful for some . 
  you 're right about the condottori . 
  makes me so mad when i 've waited/meneuvered to get a war where i had a bigger army early game and 30k condottori appear . 
  more than one country will send them chief . 
  any rival , pal, 
  it 's 1445 , chum, 
  they try to make words sound english . 
  it will be zamas . 
  this is where you pick up the key off the counter before she returns , when she does return and ask about the key say `` the previous customer must have picked it up accidentally . 
  probably dont want a stranger with keys to your car , i know a good keycutter but they have a strict 30day returns policy '', 
  you search for a match and the one other person who is searching at the same time is matched against you if your teams are withing 500tv of eachother . 
  little else matters as there arent enough people searching simultaneously for it to have any meaningful effect . 
  as for loners it doesnt matter , you will still be within 500tv of eachother , but it was used to ensure i was n't the one who was down in tv . 
  should get an entry in the world record books for most money directly paid for speeches . 
  sorry , im busy that night . 
  sure , some time soon . 
  you live too far away . 
  good employee = wanted long term forever, 
  bad employee = not wanted . 
  you give 2 weeks to get a reference , employer giving to weeks gets nothing . 
  there are less people united in their dislike of hitler . 
  i was under the impression that wiz had a giant red button that he could press at any time to release any game . 
  because if you do n't do what they say you will be called a paedophile or a rapist and be arrested . 
  well there was this one girl jenny , and she was messaging her friend carly about how she was meeting up with some guy who was n't her boyfriend . 
  she only went there for some kisses though . 
  bit strange as i did n't think hillary won . 
  i hope america never has a female president , and instead has the best president who happens to be female . 
  why do people keep saying `` paid for speeches '' rather than bribes ? 
  do you mean 9/11/1683 when the ottomans laid siege to vienna ? 
  theres also no victim when a highschool girl sends a boy a picture of her boobs or when someone makes a drawing or writes a story about the same thing , but those who do are prosecuted in the same manner . 
  cat pictures, 
  this is all just a bunch of people who arent directors or investors wanting to put in their two cents . 
  if im making a movie about gang life in harlem , i want a black guy . 
  if im making a highschool romance , i want a young girl . 
  getting a job in an office , of course you shouldnt be judged on your race , age or gender , but when applying for a specific role , there is no other criteria . 
  burning own property on own land is n't the same as roaming streets breaking anything in sight . 
  i think he should take vermin supreme as a running mate . 
  sad part is , its a genuine concern that he could get banned for something as insane as that . 
  it 's a meme . 
  there 's a large group of people who do n't take things literally on the internet . 
  advocates will argue the same points those who advocate the same for womens chess . 
  the tldr is feels more comfortable . 
  id like an olympics for lazy white guys who instead of doing to sport just describe how they 'd do it and earn the same money as the summer olympians . 
  i 'll pm you buddy !, 
  yo dawg , why you got ta be such a cuck . 
  just messing with you , you know i love you , keep safe buddy . 
  that 's what she said . 
  pretty rich from someone who is a confirmed racist themselves .
