  those posts were deleted . 
  i keep waiting for someone to say ` doc ' in reply so i can eloquently explain to them the difference between a dock and a doctor . 
  hrm , perhaps the original post i was replying to was deleted for whatever reason and consequently mine disappeared ? 
  you seem like a fellow with integrity , i rescind my insinuation of censorship !, 
  my name is edit :, 
  you have been using my name frequently all over the internet without my permission . 
  you have three ( 3 ) days to send my $ 50 via paypal or you will be sued . 
  you are to place a litigation order on your bank details and pin number and include them in writing to me . 
  jokes aside , totalbiscuit ( a game reviewer ) was in a similar ( ish ) incident where some no name company threatened to sue when they were called out . 
  the correspondence , rationale , responses and end result will give you more information and a comical read . 
  also , i upvoted your posts as it 's only 5/10 made up . 
  im going to move to the uk . 
  that sounds fantastic !, 
   unless you have a specific reason for talking to someone , it is assumed that no one cares about what you have to say . 
  this is the world i want to live in . 
  here is some gold !, 
  disclaimer : i live in the australian colony . 
  you must have lands to give him, 
  the bastard needs, 
  age = 16, 
  is_female = no, 
  trait = bastard, 
  you = { demesne_size = 2 }, 
  you = { prestige = 2000 }, 
  trait = ambitious, 
  trait = genius, 
  trait = quick, 
  trait = strong, 
  learning = 10, 
  martial = 15, 
  intrigue = 15, 
  diplomacy = 15, 
  stewardship = 12, 
  nobody on reddit reposts memes , stories , pictures , gifs or til 's . 
  this is an outrage !, 
  naturally . 
  but it 's the same guy doing his shenannigans without really thinking it though . 
  there was a week where 10 shakira til 's appeared , or askreddit and prostitutes . 
  we really do n't need admins , as if these reposts were truly such a problem/too repetitious , they would n't be upvoted . 
  should have used unpopular opinion puffin :( badluck fashbinder, 
  some people are like hand holding newbie helpers , there are thousands of mmos on the market for those people . 
  others prefer a harsh cut throat world where the weak are preyed on . 
  it 's really just preference . 
  i like rust for its full loot . 
  i like archeage as im able to punish some guy in my faction who is talking smack , for talking smack ;p, 
  the a vs b strict faction mechanic like in guild wars for example is the kind of zerg i dont want , were as like in rust i dont mind organizing my 10-20 guys to raid another 10-20 guys while they 're asleep :p, 
  meanwhile , im downvoted to obscurity, 
  video games and guns walk into a bar :, 
  guns : did you hear about books ? 
  video games : yeah , thank god it was n't me this week , i 've been really busy . 
  swords : hah , you do n't need to worry guns , nuclear energy and drones have taken most of the criticism these days, 
  guns : nobody asked you swords . 
  oh , i was assuming the person had an ssd ... 
  the fans were that quiet, 
  we should start burning all books !, 
  right ? 
  could also test people to see if they 've read a book instead of burning it by tieing them up and throwing them in a river , if they float to the top they 've read a book and should be killed . 
  it was the governor general ( gg ) not the queen . 
  the gg is appointed by the prime minister to be the queens representative in australia . 
  better or worse than making backroom deals for personal gain to obtain power ? 
  but i guess with the bush/clintons/bush / vp clinton america is more like an elective monarchy , 
  should n't throw away your heritage over a cost analysis . 
  the ps4 is a total disaster and the xbox one is a train wreck . 
  i honestly do n't know how nobility can endure a peasant box in the same house as them . 
  i feel unclean just looking at one . 
  did you win it or are you the social type who likes to get drunk for the graphical update and presses the green square and red triangle until a low rez image pops up saying `` game over you win ! '', 
  `` the ps3 was a total disaster '', 
  it 's clearly in agreement . 
  good reading sir !, 
  i cant imaging a game mechanic being created that does n't , on the balance of probabilities , deliver the desired result . 
  universim might be the spore we wanted . 
  i believe in pc supremacy !, 
  the 28 words by gaben : they should say `` this ( console ) was a horrible disaster and we 're sorry and we 're going to stop selling this and stop trying to convince people to develop for it . '', 
  i used to go aound singing ` lak 28m 47 weight ', 
  sherlock irene would be the only believable option . 
  she 's his female equal and much like his transition from addict , her transition from evil genius started taking root . 
  plus , blonde natalie dormer ? 
  billy was always going to die . 
  i feel most for racetrack , survives the nukes , the journey in space only to die 20 minutes before they jump to earth :(, 
  i 've always thought businesses and franchises should use stunts like this for pr and branding . 
  it 's truly brilliant . 
  abbot has been in office for 8 months ... 
  the barrier reef being dumped in ? 
  remember when gillard burnt people alive ? 
  ( home insulation ), 
  both of the aforementioned rhetorical questions are sensationalized compared to what actually happened . 
  id say a majority of australians are ignorant of what our constitutional monarchy offers and requires from us . 
  howard was also a monarchist and offered the people constitutional reform ( leave commonwealth ) , we the people declined . 
  i too am a monarchist , not because i like the queen or her descendants , not because the current government structure is without flaw but because it 's part of australia 's identity , culture and heritage . 
  net debt at end of term :, 
  alp keating 1996-97 96,281 b, 
  lnp howard 2007-08 -44,820 b ( its negative ), 
  lnp abbot ( current ) ( hasnt had first budget ), 
  rudd/gillard reaction income loss :, 
  year income expenditure, 
  the gfc reduced the governments income by 8b in 09/10 . 
  i did not major in economics , but i did take it as a subject . 
  i do not believe the social policies of either party are radical enough to influence my vote . 
  i vote lnp because the last alp government to responsibly spend money was under hawke . 
  trivia : windows 3.0 was released this year .
