  all of them '', 
  that native cringe :p, 
  the liberty desire of the colonies due to `` all vassals relative power ? '', 
  or did you do something crazy with tarrifs ? 
  ( crazy being over 15 % ), 
  might have been better going republic for more consistent points, 
  i once met a person who liked star wars !, 
   you 'd be dead or muslim right now, 
  5-10 % of 2b is less than the number of people who would rise up if there was ever a possibility of such an eventuality . 
  operation northwoods - all governments/people are capable of evil . 
  eli5 : how are people who kill to instil fear upon another group of people different to those who kill to eliminate them ? 
  oh onion ... wait a minute : s, 
  i think i might be a neo-nazi , i keep dreaming about scarlett johanson wearing a sexy nazi uniform and then taking it off . 
  to be sure , you 'd have to tell us the joke . 
  for context . 
  you could always say you were just pretending to be a retard . 
  i can turn air from oxygen to nitrogen . 
  they say some women age gracefully . 
  i am able to tell the difference between fiction and reality ( unlike some ), 
  really do n't like other adults holding my hand . 
  rule 34 please please please !!, 
  i did n't , liked the story and became immersed but the combat is the super tedious roll + lmb type . 
  find combat unenjoyable , less desire to level up . 
  ui has console port level clunkiness but not too painful . 
  bannerlord my brother !, 
  together we shall unite calderia under swadian rule !, 
  mine bitcoin, 
  blonde gillian anderson is just too attractive . 
  should be the government that decides that not a private enterprize . 
  i like how you looked at the object you were placing your ass and vagina on before you did it . 
  a rare talent as most women just seem willing to place those anywhere without even looking !, 
  thank you for saying the knife that i made was cool . 
  reasons i do n't play gta5 online for 200 ? 
  people are promoting equity not equality . 
  watch supergirl , the superman spinoff , every 5th line was `` are you saying i cant do this because im a girl , well i 'll show you ! '', 
  i predict this will be the same . 
  the not attractive people are freckle faced gingers . 
  would really like tb to post links to games he talks about . 
  could n't have been me as i 'd choose the non illegal life threatening option . 
  also used to be little april iirc, 
  would like kibler to expertly express his opinions about lack of removal options compared to mtg . 
  doj ( twisting neater ) , dismember ( assassinate ) are way more expensive in hearthstone equivalence . 
  you could see her elbows in the last two pics , so hot . 
  there are many mods that allow province upgrading for monarch points . 
  not sure how well they 're implemented with regards to scaling costs/terrain etc but it should be adequate . 
  press a button to auto explore . 
  better info on the wiki . 
  better title : `` handler signaled `` friend dead , cry ? 
  cry ? '', 
  gorila signs : `` cry '', 
  i have found some magic scrolls in the ground and i need your money to transcribe them onto gold tablets , but only i can read them . 
  in australia , our circlejerk comment is `` fuck abbot '', 
  it 's a good point . 
  give me 1000 dollars . 
   have each character say their own things and have certain weapons and characteristics like extra speed or health . 
  had me till that :p reddit search is too good . 
  i already saw this show , it 's `` better call saul '', 
  rip glorious explorers , mckinley 's greatest achievement in life , his legacy , his immortalization in human history now thrown away to appease an ethnic minority . 
  miley cyrus is doing everything that 15 year old me wanted britney to do , 
  you need to be 20 or under to like it . 
  30 or under to get it . 
  if we were so blatantly like that the minorities would all be dead . 
  those chineese , the first people ever to add a curved edge to something . 
  there 's a show about that called `` dr who '', 
  `` president bush does n't care about arena players '' - kane west 2015, 
  reload till dip rep advisor and austria rivals venice . 
  kill turk, 
  jatt is a great caster . 
  i would have analists over screamers anyday , but to me he will always be , scumbag jatt fire matt . 
  * slowclaps, 
  if mother fuckers did n't watch soccer , we 'd have a real sport to play internationally . 
  til prostitution is illegal in some countries with less liberty than australia . 
  lowest per square meter !, 
  im sure people harassing others on the street for any reason is already an offence . 
  this just makes it clear so no member of the judiciary misinterprets it . 
  inflation . 
  any time the government regulates to increase the cost of a business , the business raises the price of its goods or services to compensate . 
  if tomorrow , minimum wage was $ 1000ph , a movie ticket would cost $ 1020 . 
  the $ 500 you have in your savings acount would still be worth $ 500 and the 20,000 your retired father/grandfather has left is still worth only 20,000 . 
  a counterpoint is that wages make up a small percentage of a businesses operating expenses , with goods/assets/rent / utilities being a greater expense and therefore the inevitable inflation would be small . 
  i think a space age paradox game would be stellar . 
  trevor chan 's capitalism 2 / capitalism lab, 
  i thought weaboos were white people pretending to be asian . 
  long may she reign !, 
  did you know there are other countries outside of north america ? 
  try adding in history/diplomacy/hre an earlier start date, 
  in australia we have the same problem , people fleeing for their lives bypass 10 other countries who have signed the same refugee agreement we have to come here . 
  lol ? 
  you have mexicans . 
  dear all reddit mods and administrators ,, 
  fuck you . 
  sincerely ,, 
  ps : should include some kind of voting mechanism to decide what people do and do not want to see or feel is an adequate contribution . 
  [ on 11 september 2004 , the federal treasurer , peter costello , announces that the future fund will be established following the 2004 federal election . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/australian_government_future_fund ), 
  [ was used to pay outstanding debt ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=riw8xe_iurg ), 
  i like watching aurmba and shen co-op games , really highlights the differences between a competent player and a casual , 
  which one did you go with ??? 
  i think the forts are amazing . 
  remember at launch when we were all hyped about `` hunter killer '' stacks and their effect on carpet sieges ?
