  now you fucked up , now you fucked up, 
  ant-man , when one of the shrinking people go so small they can pass through titanium by removing a `` regulator '' the would be so small they could no longer damage electrical cables the titanium was protecting . 
  if hitler was n't a warmonger ( never declares war ) and did n't blame the jews for all germany 's problems , would he have been so bad ? 
   evaluating female artists , musicians , actors only on their looks, 
  this is their professional function , they 're supposed to be . 
   not standing up to your guy friends when they say or do something misogynist . 
  this is just not picking needless fights . 
   `` calm down '', 
  annoying for sure , but emotional upset people ca n't be rationalized with until calm . 
   not having any female friends, 
  pick friends based on qualities not gender . 
  the difference between a friend and girlfriend is gender . 
  wow !, 
  latin es ? 
  time to annex them , just in case . 
  is there a white only district too ? 
  how about an amputee only district ? 
  if i live in the ginger only district do i have to drink out of their water fountains ? 
   talk to other people , you quickly learn to hate every one and no longer require social interaction ... 
  but does n't help with insanity ... 
  fify, 
  fuck i hate people, 
  hats off to the guy who came up with that idea !, 
  germans do n't celebrate hitler , the realize it was wrong . 
  why do americans celebrate their treason , betrayal , dishonor and murder of their countrymen ? 
  careful op , you 're a rapist now . 
  take photos of your body to show no scratch marks and have yourself on video as much as possible . 
  liar + crazy = bad, 
  pc gamers now wont buy ... the division . 
  i 'll have domestic violence for 1000 . 
  agreed lets do it !, 
  but also we should pretend hitler was a nice guy and that 9/11 was an accident, 
  grats on getting the internet recently !, 
  are you pronouncing them gif or jif ? 
  all top answers in this thread are shit . 
  its how you know social control works . 
  looks like the guys in your group carried you !, 
  [ no ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9iafa959jvy ), 
  im going to urinate on people the next time i need to pee, 
  black people who want to hear about how bad they 've got it because their great great great great grandparents were slaves . 
  my great great great great grandfather was sent to australia as a prisoner and forced to do labor to earn his freedom , that 's why i watch o'riley . 
  i ca n't wait to see the untrained jedi protaginast lift an iconic heavy object with the power of the force under the watchful eye of a legendary jedi master . 
   there 's a racial bias in who gets the death penalty . 
  section 235 ( s1 ) of the penalties and sentencing act that specifies non white people must be put to death x % more than whites ? 
  oh , wait , does n't exist . 
   some moron made an unpopular post about you on the internet that maybe 5 people total saw . 
  wow . 
  truly you are persecuted . 
  i once made a comment on the internet and received a downvote . 
  it has traumatized me for life . 
  i too would like to seek legal recourse for this harassment . 
  bernie scamders but holy shit actual journalism . 
  im a lady and as a lady i like to do ladies things , like brush my hair , try on dresses and carry parisoles and shit . 
  i could be a lady gaga impersonator . 
  between friends or acquaintances it 's ok . 
  strangers would likely reply in an offensive way . 
  damo : excuse me jonno , this is my friend steveo hes a top cunt . 
  steveo : how you doing cunt . 
  jono : nice to meet you steveo . 
  person a : you cunt, 
  person b : fuck you i `` ll fucking kill you motherfucker, 
  never been so proud to be a lnp voter . 
  lessgan slavewoman, 
  while in prison , she could write an autobiography entitled `` my struggle '' and then once released run for office . 
  being able to criticize someone of the opposite gender without it being classed as sexual harassment . 
  you 're not your job . 
  you 're not how much money you have in the bank . 
  you 're not the car you drive . 
  you 're not the contents of your wallet . 
  you 're not your fucking khakis . 
  and it 's only consensual sex that counts . 
  there should never be a consequence for hurt feelings on the internet . 
  civil cases burden of proof is on the balance of probabilities . 
  it 's more likely that a drunk did it than a driver sabotaging their own vehicle . 
  can you decline `` time waster '' fares too ? 
  like a $ 2 journey ? 
  journalism barely exists anymore and has never existed in video games . 
  they 're just advertising , look to lets plays . 
  i knew a guy who knew a guy who 's dad made a substantial amount of money making those toothpics with rare/medrare/welldone imprinted on them for steaks . 
  right now he 's also standing not in front of me . 
  8:42 / u/skipperinokripperino, 
  it 's what i do when im not invited . 
   i would 've bought it in a heartbeat . 
  * eyeboggles *, 
  * checks sub *, 
  * eyes return to normal *, 
  thanks , [ here is your payment . 
  ] ( https://news.artnet.com/wp-content/news-upload/2015/02/fake-goya-fake-money.jpg ), 
  in your tag bm kibbler , does the bm stand for black man , bad man , bad manners , or ball muncher ? 
  i 'm with / u/logicandmorality . 
  it 's just that all other cultures are low tech group primitives and their greatest achievement is an extra shock pip . 
  massan wins !, 
  round 2 fight !, 
  i do not recognize your laws as applicable to me !, 
  what are they going to do without the power to censor things on a whim ? 
  she does n't look it . 
  good for you !, 
  will still be finished before dayz, 
   be released soon . 
   released soon .
