  men are underrepresented in the synchronized swimming and cheerleading professions . 
  so unfair :( ) ( ) ( ) ( ) (, 
  transplant body to top of head . 
  did the ref fill out a hurt feelings form ? 
  i have collected both feathers . 
  desert and snow biome spitters . 
  still freeze in snow biome with red winter jacket, 
  anytime paradox adds a new folder to the game they seem to forget to check it . 
  remember missions at launch ? 
  for ideas , i think dip rep and dip annex cost could be the way to go , just a theory , 
  same kind of thing but you could edit missions and change their effect to inherit = tag . 
  pickup ck2 if you havent already :p, 
  could have been shown an autistic impression . 
  why is fornicating with animals illegal ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/windsor_tower_ ( madrid ), 
  why did n't the steel beams weaken and collapse here ? 
  it 's ok mate , australian hearthstone servers are flawless . 
  stealth melee with 9agi perk . 
  tab e tab e tab e tab e area clear, 
  nah , in fps games programming an ai is as easy as an aimbot . 
  devs try to make ai realistic enough to feel threating but weak enough to not headshot you the second it can see a single pixel on your head . 
  that however is a script , can see head = yes then shoot head . 
  a real ai capable of writing its own code to decide for itself what to do when `` can see head = true '' does n't exist yet, 
  darth vader is luke skywalkers father . 
  i once had a car crash on my wedding anniversary and was buying a toy that got stolen by a black guy so i was allowed to say the n word . 
  wtf a reddit mod who did n't instantly ban and delete a post that got reported ? 
  insane !, 
  unprecedented !, 
  you sir will have your neckbeard shawn and your fedora confiscated , i hope it was worth it . 
  when i see a duplicate post i just downvote and ignore it . 
  when someone says / u/fashbinder _ pwn is a fag i downvote and ignore it . 
  someone advertises penis enlargement pills , i downvote and ignore it . 
  what is the function of reddit mods ? 
  thievien is your alt account . 
  go away . 
  bush jn also . 
  more so his mental illness that once turned a powerful orator and skilled debater into an incoherent babbler . 
  id spend all my money on drugs until 1 % of people hold 90 % of the new money , then make a new money with pictures of vaginas . 
  but the tighter the vagina , the more money its worth . 
  what is the current modifier for `` comming to war '' for an ally you have asked to prepare ? 
  i know it 's pretty rude to one up people but , http://imgur.com/oiijh5c, 
  scotland usually allys tyrone , declare on tyrone , cobeligerant scotland and vassalize him allowing you to ignore french guarantee, 
   or is is specifically `` calls in allies '' but not guarantors ? 
  this . 
  no increased cost for taking provinces . 
   compliance . 
  obeying the law ? 
  i think it 's so you have no estates in your provinces ruining autonomy . 
  i try to give estates to wrong culture provinces . 
  estates will demand land after your first conquest of land . 
   lowering republican tradition to 0 will allow me to form a revolutionary empire, 
  pick a new candidate , do anything that doesnt change govt . 
  get tradition to 0 . 
  empire event will pop . 
  there is no bug . 
  biggest scumbags until cromwell, 
  i think the natives owe us an apology . 
  we shall seek it from the current generation including monetary reparations and land . 
  devs are australian . 
  [ no sir ] ( https://www.google.com.au/maps/@-37.8173599,144.9680309,3a,75y,220.98h,69.6t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1somxgr7rsusilyxckbnjjca!2e0!7i13312!8i6656 ), 
  we should also regulate to ensure only long haired males do not go outside , a speaking permit only for using proper grammar and the color red is now illegal as it makes some people angry . 
  life saving cuticle treatment . 
  they 're not hat thieves , they are reminding the fighters that they are inside and do n't need it . 
  this is a good thing because people who wear hats inside are [ niggerfaggots ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5whb-cn0eik ) . 
  quick potato battery horse staple, 
  i once connected two paddlepop sticks together with stickytape too . 
  is n't that all it really is ? 
  i never thought i 'd live to see the destruction of the ottoman empire . 
  they can hang out with the not-russian people there too . 
  had the secession in the united states been successful , texas would be to america as the ukraine is to russia but the year would be 1885 and americans would be wanting that land back . 
  howard never gave cash away . 
  that was rudd , he inherited a country almost in the black and gave money ( 13b ) away like it grew on trees . 
  it would have been better to fund public works than give it away and would have achieved the same result . 
  [ australias budget historical data on p40 ] ( http://www.budget.gov.au/2015-16/content/overview/download/budget-2015-overview.pdf ), 
  the liberals under howard inherited 67b ( 10 % gdp ) in debt from labor in 1996 , left office in 2007 with 14b in debt . 
  ( 1.2 % gdp ) labor goes on a spending spree , it 's popular , we 're now in 400b worth of debt for 20 % gdp . 
  america 's gdp/debt ratio during the gfc did not increase by 2000 % like ours did . 
   try europa universalis 4 if you 're looking for a stratergy game thats a little less simple , 
  the turn one injuries were catastrophic , but the ones were due to the amount of gfi/dodges he made , they were about average . 
  the play to not lose outright was `` hope my skink with no support does n't get wizarded and survives a 2db with only dodge . '', 
  was an enormous misplay from the chaos coach , should have wizarded at start of turn or even taken the both down . 
  absolutely threw the win away . 
  did you consider leaving him there forever and just making another ? 
  i find mount and blade infinitly more satisfying than the tw tactical battles . 
  the sieges shown in bannerlord are pretty sexy . 
  need more australia tax, 
  mouse over everything , it will actually give you information . 
  i like how you just sprayed in a semi circle as if he entered stealth mode and you were feeling lucky . 
  any country with a criminal code classifies common assault and the defences of common assault as `` a person '' . 
  this includes both genders . 
  look up some tort law in your country , memorize a case name in which somone was hit and the victim hit the aggressor back with equal or lesser force . 
  you 'll be right , 
  bad luck man , do you think you could sell it or use it for some kind of bench ? 
  100 % did n't happen . 
  do you clap your hands and laugh like an infant when you see a shiny red ball ? 
  i 'd like to see orange glow get a mention . 
  i think people just wanted the board game , instead we got a fraction of the board game . 
  until he finds this reddit thread , then feels betrayed forever . 
  the pricepoint was the same when 1usd = 1aud . 
  if he had data to support his statement , would it still be racist ?
