  adjusts someone elses magnets . 
  62 % of users named fashbinder_pwn think the uk 's laws embrace and legislate christian values . 
  no , he 's saying christian kirk from cameroon is a dickface, 
  i 'm pretty sure nobody who posts or comments daily has gone 2 years without a shadowban . 
  nah , the kids at school in a classroom . 
  going to arrest him for sitting in someone elses chair ? 
  instead of a password , i use a screensaver that says `` dont touch '' . 
  gender is n't an issue here . 
  the criminal code defines assault and defences to assault . 
  someone please paste the poem . 
  i would find it difficult to believe there is a country with a criminal code , that common assault defences could n't be summarized as , `` if someone hits you , you can hit them back . '', 
  my summary was in laymans terms . 
  interesting summary in an australian court on the topic of `` rape against a prostitute vs that of a chaste woman '', 
  judges of the county court are obliged to act in accordance with precedent . 
  it is hardly judge jones ' ` fault ' that the ` principle ' remains that a rapist will be sentenced to a lesser penalty where he rapes a prostitute or ` unchaste ' woman . 
  lannisters are nothing without tywin . 
  he is unconcerned if stannis takes winterfell or if the boltons hold it , either need sansa to keep the northmen happy . 
  he 's lord of the vale , sansa lady the north . 
  creates a formidable alliance . 
  surely aemon would know rhaegar and not be all `` im the last one , if only i could help danerys etc '', 
  this is the most likely . 
  movies and television exist for water cooler conversation . 
  1 week for movies at the cinema , next day for stuff on tv . 
  anyone being monitored by a federal agency who dies could make a similar case . 
  i want the tapes to be revealed . 
  only posts that criticize reddit ceos . 
  i 've seen that african american fellow hugging the tall basketball player quite frequently on reddit and assumed they were a couple . 
  is this not true ? 
  my greatest fear has always been multiplayer , every event i check over and over from each perspective but im always worried there will be some obscure incident that breaks it . 
  setting a flag on a character and then scoping to that flag , in mp many people may aquire that flag at the same time breaking everything :(, 
  and consumers everywhere should buy the product from the cheapest source . 
  charging people different amounts for the same product based on religion/nationality/race / gender is poor form . 
  cancer can be lethal nomatter how many legendarys your opponent has ... just like real life, 
  i 'd take a million dollars now rather than a million dollars over the course of a million days . 
  he 's not evil out to kill for enjoyment , he does it out of necessity for the prosperity of his house . 
  just like tywin . 
  ruthless would be a better word . 
  we should meet a new character later this season who points out the difference when reminiscing about roberts rebellion . 
   the more we get of sophie turner the better, 
  i 'd like to see her naked, 
  yeah , when making events . 
  nobody in agot is outright evil , there is no good and bad it 's all perspective . 
  ramsay is a sadist for sure but he 's not indiscriminately flaying people , he 's doing it to send a message/procure information etc. 
  where should we go for mindless complaining and unreasonable nit picking ? 
  treb the crest . 
  expose it , shoot arrows . 
  evil person picks people at random and kills them because he likes it . 
  ruthless person needs to perform x objective and will kill people to achieve it, 
  good person will do what they can to achieve x objective as long as it does n't hurt anyone in any way . 
  * reminisces arguing dnd alignment actions with people, 
   when the treb shots break on water anyway, 
  they dont . 
  must be aliens who have come down to earth to specifically mess with you . 
  i have 6 fedoras , a white knight complex and like to ban people for the slightest reason . 
  consider this my application !, 
  just get em to give you free wins . 
  i find everynew player to be retarded . 
  makes heists very tedious . 
  i was not aware black people were good at basketball . 
  try doing a heist with a random group . 
  it 's 100x worse than mobas . 
  people who cant follow onscreen prompts are everywhere , rage quitters and trolls . 
  heists end if someone leaves , no checkpoints , back to pre lobby . 
  spent 6 hours trying to get a heist setup mission done . 
  do not play heists with randoms . 
  it 's fucked . 
  * starts shouting incoherently in russian, 
  * makes loud generic noises, 
  * will follow you instead of going to their own marker, 
  hot dang , would bang, 
  would you sell your account and for how much ? 
  already have a red so nobody cares . 
  i for one could n't believe they chopped ned starks head off . 
  when you 're 18 and own your own clothes you can dress how you want . 
  you are one of the small percentage of humans who will ever exist who pressed the button . 
  you did well . 
  seeing those signs would have been a blast !, 
  less than 1 million people on the planet , of all dead people , of all those yet born , to be a presser is to be something magical . 
  i ca n't see a rational problem with this . 
  treasonous , literally suicidal , figuratively suicidal , financially suicidal , and two crazy people , 
  im more impressed at actual journalism happening . 
  the purpose of the button is to press it . 
  you 're doing it wrong if you dont . 
  should n't have grabbed at his tazer, 
  i i would would be be tywin . 
  get get shit shit done done , get get it it done done right right . 
  as i 've gotten older , i care less and less about sports . 
  perhaps its because its the same thing every year . 
  i want to see a sport where they take drugs , push the limit as to what the body is capable of . 
  i baught a new car that cautioned `` may explode on first drive '', 
  daddy ? 
  why ca n't i press the button ? 
  because you were born too late son . 
  why did n't you press it ? 
  i foolishly thought not pressing was something special, 
  is it only for black people or can white people do this too ? 
  the ability to do this is why pcmr exists . 
  `` it 's ok , he 's just better than me . 
  he has more skill than i do . 
  it 's cool '',
