  it was . 
  i am so triggered by that i may just explode . 
  please stop them for me because i dont have the capacity to ignore it !, 
  so it was n't reynad ? 
  you need to have a capital letter , number and a symbol in your password . 
  you may not have symbols in your password . 
  your password is too short . 
  your password needs to be between 8 - 10 characters long . 
  my normal password is, 
  the potato and the donut faught red rockets on the way to see the queen of england fighting a green rocket when the two rockets combine what type of rocket will there be, 
  which red named coward was it ? 
  i demand a witch hunt !, 
  i will hunt them down !, 
  justice demands retribution !, 
  freelancer please :(, 
  i guess they have enough money from their untaxed unlegislated land ? 
  i identify as a toaster and i find it normal to discuss with the kettle the size of the saucepans handle . 
   i was wrong as fuck about twitter, 
  i ca n't believe anyone uses it either . 
  a glorified message board ? 
  i guess paying celebrities to use it really did wonders . 
  i used to have a stickam collection :(, 
  humans and orcs at launch , rest is day 1 dlc summing $ 200 . 
  i think it will just be a clone with a political emphasis . 
  i hope im wrong . 
  i do n't play much dota2 but played a few thousand hours of dota can i please have the tldr version ? 
  that was a bad riposte . 
  if holding alexstraza , cost 1 less . 
  can then make a sick turn 10 play . 
  america will never be the greatest country that ever was or will be if it closes it 's doors to everyone . 
  plot twist : there were 10,000 japaneese inside it ready to attack . 
  [ the man in the high castle ( 2015 ) ] ( https://youtu.be/zzayf9gpxci?t=26s ), 
  axis wins ww2 , the us is split between japan and germany , years have past and hitler is dying of old age . 
  pilot is out , season is filming . 
  do n't bother with wc . 
  they were achieved with bug abuse that you cant replicate . 
  the majority of the people in the province have x culture . 
  i think that rumour will be proven ... moot . 
  tbh most of the `` police shot my unarmed son '' erage posts happened like this . 
  treat it the same as albania . 
  i 'd get an alliance with tunis/morocco , hit algers early and hope some conflict between cas/por/ara erupts and strike . 
  look for common rivals with the tur/mam to get an alliance . 
  i 'd have seen it if my view wasnt obstructed by that asshole truck swerving into my fov/lane . 
  that was n't what i wanted an extra pic of ;(, 
  david tennant has no peer . 
  a setup weapon isnt `` no board '' . 
  taunt is your counterplay . 
  gta online is an amazing sandbox with no sand . 
  once you have a shovel ( jet ) and a bucket ( tank ) you proudly say `` allright lets play ! '', 
  and find there 's not much more to it . 
  is there anything stopping us from filing complaints on behalf of patrick jean ? 
  perhaps an orange glow instead to avoid an extra filter tab . 
  the history and achievements of mankind would be another similar video . 
  what about australians who 's forefathers were shipped off to australia on fleets as prisoners ? 
  they are equally disadvantaged ? 
  if i were president , treason will never go unpunished . 
  i see it being galactic civ 3 with less race customization but with internal politics and better external interaction . 
  people are up in arms about russia wanting some of its land back from 50 years ago . 
  in both instances the us waved its hands , drew a new border and said `` this is the border now '' right ? 
  quite so , reminds me of the anglo saxon triumvirate war between england , great britian and ireland and the united kingdom . 
  i find that 100 % of people breastfeeding babies are female . 
  i used to go to astalavista by mistake :(, 
  most map objects need a special 3d editor to modify and a quick look did n't show any exported text file outside of / common/defines . 
  playing with city size/sprawl would be all you 'd be able to do . 
  you need to add a duration for the modifier as it 's being added for 0 days . 
  join the empire . 
  ( if austria rivals venice it 's cake ) ai wont revoke the privilege , no reason not to . 
  abuse excommunication cb . 
  50 % ae for anyone you set to rival . 
  -20 % ae from curia controler , you can expand rapidly . 
  i like to ally austria over france/castile , being buddies with the emperor will usually have him not demand unlawful territory and he 's never going to drag you into a stupid war . 
  can dip vassalize most opm 's , can excommunicate non opms . 
  i like to take over the venice node and crusade the ottomans , deus vult . 
  did he do it with his bear hands ? 
  nah , just a damp cloth , some elbow grease and fury swipes . 
  suicide is for weak selfish pathetic losers . 
  loved it , i could n't help but think james callis would have been an amazing casting choice . 
  gas chambers existence is propagander . 
  just like napoleon being short . 
  hey lets build a really large air tight building , buy gas , build pumps and go though this song and dance to kill people . 
  forget our bombed supply lines and lack of food or our multi front war , lets build gas chambers !, 
  do n't use prisoners as labourers , just kill em elaborately like in those bond movies !, 
  a fabian socialist , a populist , a liar and a woman with no integrity walks into a bar , the bartender says `` hi julia '', 
  only jews died in ww2 . 
  got it . 
  there was n't a war , just a genocide . 
  so did they kill them before or after the free labour ? 
  hey you , get back to work , but first die !, 
  jet fuel cant melt steel beams . 
  perhaps we 're being told a story . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/windsor_tower_ ( madrid ), 
  angry little jew , you 'll get your revenge , one day . 
  why not remove footpaths and have pedestrians walk down the road too ? 
  treat them as cars , seems like a good idea !, 
  it 's a restriction not a limit . 
  a limit would imply the incapacity to exceed . 
  what the fuck did you just fucking say about me , you little bitch ? 
  i 'll have you know i graduated top of my class in the navy seals , and i 've been involved in numerous secret raids on al-quaeda , and i have over 300 confirmed kills . 
  i am trained in gorilla warfare and i 'm the top sniper in the entire us armed forces . 
  you are nothing to me but just another target .
