  a real blood bowl fan would stay up all night !, 
  but i got it covered , 
  my one robot planets in sectors always wanted every single tile blocker cleared :(, 
  anyone else kinda man when they mod their entire species and then their pops get mad for not being the primary species ? 
  especially with new tech malus . 
  unless you mod the entire race , then they are just self loathing . 
  like in that david chappelle black kkk guy sketch . 
  sometimes a man or a woman find a horse and attempt to pleasure it , by giving it pleasure they find some for themselves . 
  im not retarded , i was just pretending to be . 
  or into penis shaft, 
  30h played and i 've only had a ctd once . 
  damn alternate history not being historically accurate !, 
  ahh , i think we 're talking about different games http://imgur.com/kzwrll4, 
  feelsgoodman, 
  masterful squirrel , 5am quotes are the best, 
  well that confirms you as escort , 
  he can do both at once , its what makes him fantastic, 
  and dont forget those vicious natives attacking !, 
  if in the bo3 a player wins 2-0 , will he be able to opt in or out of the third match or is it mandatory ? 
  it would be absolute insanity to have the matchtimes dictated to players based on caster availability . 
  would also further reward av9 with extra mvp and cash for draging it out to a 3 game series . 
  best to have these kinds of things sorted before they become an issue . 
  king is on the left , martin is on the right, 
  i will move to america and get fat !, 
  england embarked upon mandkinds greatest voyage and discovered a new continent , within 50 years the mother fuckers there rebeled and started killing those who colonized it with them , they 're known as americans . 
  now in low res , low fps for optimized viewing , 
  guinness v spartako g1 https://www.twitch.tv/fashbinder_/v/73632880, 
  wow , knockoff 's feeling down about being called knockdown after being knocked down to the undercard match after the semi final knockoff match . 
  you think they ss were n't carrying out orders ? 
  she 's as vigorous in bed as the ship in the video , and just rolls to the side when shes done, 
  uboat 's beat downboats, 
  then you will need a transgender/gay/everyotherethnicminority president too . 
  can find all at that link , i personally think fashbinder 's is the best kappa, 
  would hate to have precedent set for `` i told someone to do it '', 
  get hit crossing the street ? 
  my wife told me to get milk . 
  no doubt a dick move , but there was n't money exchanged , she did n't bribe/extort/blackmail . 
  id like an australian embassy edition where you build the embassy in 132 countries and have people ignore it to get in a tyre . 
  hand cam around house reminds me of that republican guy in house of cards, 
  genocide n : the deliberate killing of a large group of people , especially those of a particular nation or ethnic group . 
  back to school if you think this happened mate . 
  as a combat eater i think its appropriate and tasty, 
  i tried to find it but just found these imposter coxs everywhere . 
  in the kitchen ? 
  fake cox , in the bathroom , fake cox , in bed ? 
  fake cox . 
  i wish i could just have 5 minutes alone without fake cox in my face, 
  barely anyone reads terms of service so they should all be invalid !, 
  i think bin laden would be a better candidate . 
  but you dont know if it 's the desk hitting your face or your face hitting the desk . 
  i tell children to implode into an infinitely dense atom, 
  how does one differentiate between news and drama ? 
  or just break the meta and dont use customs . 
  only candidate with a star kreygasm, 
  gif and jif are different things , when talking about the file format you say gif , when mocking people who mispronounce it you say jif . 
  lol he doesnt know how to use the shells, 
  i dont think he poses next to them in every picture , just this one . 
  you murdered her , you killed her children !, 
  seems appropriate as only 33 % of the races are released . 
  i think the before and after pic is actually the after and before pic, 
  i thought she told him to cut it out . 
  is this live ? 
  that would be a re pete, 
  / u/nomansskythegame nice try marketing guy, 
  op still in stage 6/7 it 's pretty sad . 
  homorapedophobe is the term i believe , 
  merchants making lawful sales lose money , never use bitcoin again and it will lose value which causes everyone not effected by the hack to `` lose '' money . 
  im at day 100 . 
  aside from story missions that ask you to perform a discriminatory task , most jobs are just pragmatic eg a black teen does x, 
  in the code , is the success rate a % chance modified by police skill or is it a police skill = x to pass or fail . 
  i have well exceeded the 8 in 10 but would rarely ever fail but if i did it would be catastrophic where i sent very skilled officers . 
  how much is a hearthstone character portrait and how many minutes did it take to make ? 
  incredible !, 
  hearthstone expansions are about the same price , arguably more/less . 
  some are mandatory if you want to be competitive , likewise for some eu4 dlc is fairly important for a good experience . 
  get protesters to block the roads, 
  bored people wanting an excuse to harass others, 
  did nobody else see video of a guy in a stolen car ram a police car with people standing on either side ? 
  the cameras are for police interactions with the public , not for interactions with other police . 
  german women , german trueness german beer and german chorus !, 
  can just report facts . 
  x has died , was going to testify against clinton , olympic swimmer , drowned in pool . 
  hahahahahahahah nice one, 
  they know it will flop , they know it will be crucified . 
  sellout to sony , grab money before inevitable outrage . 
  it costs way more than $ 60 and stops you from doing what you want when you want for a lifetime . 
  my condolences op . 
  instead of exploits , in this instance it should probably be called econ that wasnt tested properly . 
  mining and selling stuff isnt really an exploit . 
  she once barked at me like a dog, 
  the blitz kick off event is there to punish coaches who dont set up to defend against it . 
  without the risk of blitz existing agi teams would set up for one turners and bash teams would put all men on the line every kickoff . 
  blitz needs to exist to prevent jankey setups . 
  damn you todd howard, 
  and my axe !, 
  and the lady casting paralyze on the dog wasnt scripted !, 
  there 's a pretty hefty inbuilt aimbot for the controller types, 
  almost 0 chance afaik, 
  the answer is no , but that may effect sales so the no answer will be delayed for a few weeks . 
  but the chance is zero ?
