  pacman might be more your thing, 
  shoot them back , instant passive mode , they pay if they blow up your car , solo mode , friend mode . 
  the game could not be more carebear . 
  please try to be a little more tolerant . 
  the last time i remember someone with such intolerance was in 1939 . 
  now citizens will be running up to police with their cameras out , getting in their faces , yelling `` you cant tell me to leave im filming '', 
  is this some sort of antipk tip ? 
  yes but no , legislation gives them authority to perform certain actions . 
  that 's the only difference . 
  walt committed crimes , walt lied but he loved his family and tried to make it work . 
  cunt whore wives exist in shows to make you like the flawed protagonist more likable . 
  happened in dexter too with crazy fire lady, 
  and when ned stark lost his head, 
  or the blue haired guy being aegon !, 
  i think if the company who made the game wants money , they could make something and release it . 
  every 4 years countries that were colonized by england have their own olympics , called the commonwealth games , you can only participate if your ancestors who were english did n't murder other english people in 1776 . 
  btw , who thinks they 're paying too much tax and they do n't have any influence in who their elected representative is ? 
  running from police seems to be the cause of more problems . 
  also , do asthma inhalers prevent spinal injuries ? 
  those who never played morrowind liked it more . 
  if bethesda want more money , they should release content of their own . 
  catch 22 is that they may adopt the creative assembly stratergy where they intentionally remove modability to sell content that would outherwise be modded in in days . 
  ~ ~ `` putin invaded georgia , and then ukraine , '' ~ ~, 
  putin re-intergrated georgia , and then ukraine ,, 
  other than that , spot on !, 
  i read alexander the great had a childhood nemesis . 
  it 's a part of life , it teaches you how to interact in society as an adult . 
  if some utopian school existed where everybody got along and treated eachother kindly , any student who graduates and drives to his new workplace but gets flipped off and called a motherfucker on the road suddenly for the first time encounters hostility with another human , freaks out and drives off a cliff . 
  ( analogy ), 
  childhood education, 
  at age 5 , the type of education you pick ( via event ) determines if a character is going to get a steward , martial or court ( intrigue/diplomacy ) education . 
  the magnitude ( level 1 , 2 , 3 , or 4 ) of that education is determined by that child 's learning stat at age 15 . 
  childhood traits - determined by guardian, 
  the traits such as kind/humble/charitable etc are determined by the guardian , player or npc . 
  the personality traits of the guardian have a greater chance of being passed to the child , but its pretty random . 
  guardian is 100 % responsible for base stats , capped at 10 , as well as a factor in personality traits/culture/swordsman . 
  there is still randomness in base gain but i would equate a stat of 20 in a guardian to gain 1 base per year 90 % of the time . 
  rather than cheating and risking death irl , ask yourself `` who in my realm usually has a high learning stat ( coughmaestercough ) '' best to have them as guardian from 6-12 ( or until your have a learning stat you are happy with ) then switch over to someone with the swordsman t4 for training there , with an early force train you can get 3 + pretty reliably . 
  im going to be dead before 2100 . 
  does n't really matter , do whatever you want with regards to any facet of life . 
  you ca n't censor the internet , it will just reappear . 
  its up to game devs to make an effort . 
  you can tell from the picture it 's in the dead center of town . 
  most cold calling companies dial 555\u00a0000000 then 555\u00a0000001 . 
  there is no list , its a autodialer . 
  online gameplay in general . 
  done your heists , farmed up a jet/tank/attack chopper/armored vehicles ? 
  then what ? 
  destroying the smuggler plane/get green car for simeon world events need to happen more often with a bigger payout using some kind of playersinsession * spawnrate . 
  like contesting an airdrop in rust . 
  when i get in a police car , please highlight people with wanted stars and pay me for killing them . 
  no safemode/no radar lobbies too :(, 
  gtaonline open world lacks purpose . 
  you get a text message and it goes into your bank automatically . 
  id be mad , cant go around betraying your best friend who trusted you on his death bed and tamper with his will and expect not to face repercussions . 
  similarly , when your sister runs away with a prince you do n't walk up to the king and demand his head . 
  also , when you promise someone with an army you 'll do something in exchange for x , take x and then break your promise , do n't expect it to turn out well . 
  in australia 2007 a politician adopted the policy of the sitting pm . 
  his campaign was dubbed `` me too but better '' . 
  he won . 
  to do a recap of season one , chuck is a bastard with his own problems and jimmy catches a break with the old people . 
  not much else happened : /, 
  [ did you just say black hole ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oc1zgrupztc ), 
  awww hell no , you did not just give her that !, 
  i went to pornhub one time , plz no end the world, 
  jokes aside , they are worthless bastards . 
  * `` you could clearly see this guy 's hands - literally all you have to do is walk in there , cuff him , and walk him out . 
  probably would n't have been bitten if he stood up slowly when asked , the first three times . 
  only you will see this / u/ideno as it does not follow the circlejerk :(, 
  to be fair we should be comparing dayz to gta6 as they 'll be released at about the same time . 
  did n't he end up betraying his father , his father 's father , his country and his friends , and start a rebellion so he could pay less tax ? 
  im so glad they have piss and shit for viewers . 
  its not undodgable . 
  common assault against a police officer is serious assault . 
  incapacitating someone who commits serious assault is reasonable . 
  there is no way such a clever plan could backfire !, 
  we do n't have a conservative party , we have two populists . 
  features and options missing from this game has become so common probably not newsworthy. ,, 
  i went to a nightclub with the intent of seducing a young lady . 
  a friend of mine raped a girl . 
  am i charged with rape ? 
  or am i missing something ? 
  did they take turns driving over the man or are they going to jail for being a passenger ? 
  i 'd hate to be legislatively punished by other peoples actions . 
  in prison : `` what are you in for ? '', 
  `` i have 5 years for doing nothing '', 
  i started getting road rage . 
  as someone who watched the first 5 episodes of shield and thought it was junk ( tween drama + trying too hard ) , i was recently told the last 5 episodes of season 1 are worth watching and a better representation of season 2 . 
  is this the case or am i being trolled ? 
   some women have mood swings ,, 
  no way !, 
  cheers . 
  answer worth the downvotes will give it another go . 
  i really like the `` story driven '' series ( rome , bsg , agot , house of cards ) moreso than the standalone episodes ( csi , ncis etc ), 
  / u/dan2802 - his last name is de mann, 
  even better !, 
  take it in your stride like this person : https://youtu.be/glde9nkluzg?t=45s, 
  it 's actually a racially based insult . 
  similar to refering to `` black holes '' to describe a group of black people .
