  this existed in alpha too . 
  til you should mind you own business on public transport ... wait ... always knew that . 
  this is correct . 
  no idea why you 're downvoted . 
  admittedly a house on the island is probably 60 seconds faster . 
  word . 
  one guy has them all on my server , ill offer him 2k for one down the road if necessary . 
  lol , some guy owns land . 
  doesnt want people on his land . 
  gets sued ? 
  walking through my house might be convenient for some people to get where they 're going but id rather they didnt : /, 
  use another road ? 
  still not sure how one property can block a beach . 
  i need a map !, 
  i 'd pirate it , but it 's not worth the bandwith . 
  when calling players out , you must provide proof . 
  would support this !, 
  clicking buttons for an altruistic cause is n't the same as funding the cp market . 
  the prophecy is an auroria quest . 
  i dont care about people doing things i can do . 
  ( bots ) teleporting though ... breaks my heart . 
  please do not fall for this poor excuse for a game . 
  posting there does nothing either . 
  nope, 
  archeage version 1.2 build 4.12 : patch notes, 
  gameplay, 
  * a quest item that could be exploited to spawn numbers of npcs in non-combat areas has been fixed . 
  notes, 
  * this update is less than 150 mb and will be available for download via glyph during the announced eu and na server outages . 
  please visit our server status forum for details . 
  * for the latest developments , be sure to visit our launch faq and known issues threads . 
  i ask nicely first , but if they continue , i just kill them . 
  that 's why i play aa . 
  damn sexism !, 
  it 's not maintenance . 
  it just displays that word whenever it crashes . 
  tax certs, 
  go to any house , above front door archeway ( sic ) there is a plaque . 
  use it to make tax certs . 
  trion the master of spin . 
  in 2015 when auroria is released and the `` weeks not months '' quote is brought up , the 'll say , see that was only 16 weeks !, 
  i would create a new scholarship for any world leaders child , member of the royal family , celebrities to boost the prestige of my institution . 
  i would also pay sportspeople to endorse products as it would boost the prestige of my product . 
  this was 31 across . 
  i would hire op at any job if he was the presidents/prime ministers son . 
  imagine the prestige brought to the business when you bring in a client . 
  rip v man, 
  may you swelter in heat forever !, 
  the mechanics guide linked on this sub is super handy for these sorts of things . 
  hopefuly the initial event to the effect of `` i will rebuild it '' still explains it . 
  edit : with slavery ingame will update the event at some point to radically hasten the process if you have slaves/lawful slaves . 
  tbh stuff like this is why deep down everyone knows the holocost was a lie . 
  sounds like its cursed !, 
  we do n't have `` free university education '' . 
  we accrue debt . 
  not sure what `` universal public health care '' is either as im quite sure the australian people pay for australians only . 
  99 % of the population has access to adsl or cable already . 
  the nbn would n't have replaced or added to the 50 year old copper wiring that connects us to the us via japan . 
  some 17 year old applied for a job with the following as personal attributes :, 
  tough mudder, 
  got drivers licence first go, 
  i threw it away because i thought tough mudder was a synnonym for `` cool dude '' or `` rad fellow '' or something similar : s, 
  delivery driver, 
  i was like `` omg omg doctor and master gon na team up with a cyberman army to kill the darleks on gallifrey '', 
  then nope :(, 
  robert baratheon also said the targaryens were evil . 
  richard the lionheart was going to purge the lands of vile scum . 
  i propose something more like :, 
   dalek : exterminate, 
   cybermen : * explodes * upgrade, 
   dalek : exterminate, 
   cybermen : * explodes * upgrade, 
   a few billion times later ( not five million ), 
   cybermen : you will be deleted, 
   dalek : * explodes *, 
  those 4 ships could fit inside americas largest carrier . 
  uncle sam will come . 
  only if after being kicked in the head his hand makes the shape of a gun and the sound of air leaving his lungs makes a ` pew pew ' noise . 
  if every australian was put out of pocket $ 10,000 and the money was spent trying to reduce our emissions , it would have no effect globally . 
  i 've always seen jail as a place for violent people that need to be segregated . 
  while white collar crime can have a massive effect on peoples lives , but it 's done by manipulating text not holding a knife/gun to another person . 
  i look forward to moving forward , moving forward with you . 
  there 's an event that gives you +1 merchant for a duration . 
  id search for that to get an idea of context . 
  in a decision it would go in the effect section . 
  effect = { add_something }, 
  i 'd make an event modifier that gives the effect you want , then add that to the target scope . 
  alot less prone to shenannigans . 
  ive had two of my guys fight eachother resulting in injury . 
  you have n't seen torchwood ? 
  it 's not wise to pay for ubisoft games . 
  it 's vanilla with the exception for targs who have event based events . 
  not impressed , i saw the same thing on an episode of house about migraines , 
  i foned my phriend about this game . 
  he cant wait !, 
  nationalist socialist germany, 
  id rape anyone who disagrees with this as valid rationalization . 
  `` you 're breaking my balls '' - tony soprano, 
  `` i will put you in a world of hurt '' - any nco, 
  smack talk is n't to be taken literally .
