  but they do , it 's called bestiality . 
  you can also google `` the man in a sexual relationship with his car '' . 
  similarly , a man from a non western country i dont recall was going to be married . 
  his wife died . 
  he still `` married '' the corpse . 
  google sir !, 
  as a pragmatist , i have no objection to any of these . 
  protectorates are n't vassals , and if they do westernize while a protectorate , wont become your vassal upon completion . 
  you 're right actually , the actual trigger for the achievement is owned by you or subject of you , and protectorates do show up in the subject tab . 
  it might be worth manipulating the indian/chineese to ensure they have no western neighbour , therefore never westernizing and you can take it all in one war for no oe and minimal ae and no relations slots . 
  a lone conquistador leading a stack of 10 can take ( protectorate ) all of nth and south america . 
  integrate those ( castele , france etc ) who will likely try to colonize asap , so they dont give mali/kongo/aceh / indians the ability to westernize and you 're kinda set . 
  could probably vassalize nogai/return cores to kazan then vassalize . 
  release kazak as a vassal from a single province and force uzbek to return cores until hes vassalizable . 
  the same with tumirids/khrosan on persia depending on cores . 
  vassalize chatagai , return oriat to chatagai , take a mongol province , release mongols , return oriat to your new vassals then vassalize/annex . 
  the above strategy will work for getting the ottomans and algers with mamluks/syria and tunis/morocco . 
  depends on cores, 
  the same stratergy with the ukraine/teuton will get a good chunk of poland until he 's vassalizable too . 
  it 's how i 'd do it to avoid core time/cost . 
  if by chance an empire ( prob ottomans ) cant be released/returned to a vassal then vassalized , take < 100 oe of provinces off him , endure 5 years of < 100 oe and vassalize him in the next war , sell back the cores , annex . 
  not sure if you 're trolling :p, 
  but really , some people are hetrosexuals , some are homosexuals , some have attraction to animals and others to inanimate objects . 
  if their action does n't negatively effect another human , then i do n't see a problem . 
  got downvoted again , stand by it 100 % . 
  ddrjake killed my father and raped my mother . 
  you 're my - nicxhavoc, 
  whatever you 're `` hiding '' he 's able to smell . 
  0/10 do not believe, 
  the haspburgs disagree with the last line . 
  i upvoted you :(, 
  had this internet handle since 2001 , then recently some upstart musician takes my name , i sue him , he changes to `` fassbender '' and i still get referenced :(, 
  disclaimer : i am an australian . 
  the revolutionary war was just an act of treason . 
  some englishmen living in the colonies , like anyone who ever existed and paid taxes , they believed they were paying too much and forgot about the expenses the state endured setting up the colonies a mere 50 years earlier . 
  as / u/pseudomanifold suggested , they were well off and like well off people today will go to great lengths to pay less tax/get more money . 
  in australia , the state of western australia provides more money to the federal government per capita than any other state due to it 's mining industry . 
  they could argue , similar to the americans in the 18th century that they 'd be `` better off '' being independant . 
  if wa got the backing from china in exchange for some natural resources , they could physically gain independence under the same rationale the americans did . 
  so americans like to aggrandize and venerate the founding fathers to popularize their actions so any pragmatist like myself who criticizes americas founding is `` wrong '' and `` dumb '' and downvoted on reddit . 
  tldr : history is written by the victor , if the colonies lost it would be called `` the war of american treason '' . 
  we shall trade in our points for real money soon !, 
   after being called german for the majority of it 's existence . 
  she 's so old , like really old , not madonna old but soon . 
  but still so damn fine . 
  release a colonial nation anywhere , they go bezerk !, 
  milan has a tonne of unique events and a unique government type . 
  playing as a theocracy is a lot more challanging . 
  no pu , no diplovassalize , no marriage/inheritance and the bonuses from marriage . 
  x2 challange , teutonic order into the hre . 
  use enforce peace when the opm 's go to war , gobble them up . 
  germany with divine ideas !, 
  will stream it on twitch.tv / fashbinder in about an hour . 
  definatly picking up bar/lorrain while france and prov are in the hundred years war . 
  as any nation with an explorer , head to mali , take the two jolof cores , release jolof , intergrate jolof and you have a core next to portugal to westernize off . 
  it 's often worth vassalizing an indian in america too to get a foothold there . 
  need to diplo annex to get the cores as its usually outside your coring range . 
  i find `` fashbinders handy guide '' listed on the bar on the right of this page to be a good source of information for these sorts of things !, 
  you will find that base stats are capped at ten . 
  traits can push you over . 
  this bar graph will explain it best . 
  the one currently in game is the `` proposed '', 
  you pick the education type ( martial/court/steward ) . 
  the guardian determines the base stat gain per year and the traits , culture/religion/swordsman . 
  i could not decide without seeing the 4 options other stats/traits . 
  can swap guardians midway . 
  eg a level 4 swordsman will give more frequent swordsman upgrades up to his level , so for fighter types i get that maxed first and try to pick up brave/wroth under people with generally good base stats . 
  force training in the first or second level of swordsman is also a good idea to boost it along . 
  risky for 3rd4th level . 
  similarly i try to kill off male children who do n't have quick/genius , but no problem if they dont as its still in their dna . 
  did you just give me aids ? 
  no , training still uses the childs learning , but the result will statistically be lower than that of one your paid for . 
  education is always assigned by event and is always only determined by learning . 
  eg : a 15 learning child will always get level 4 of a paid education , a `` no formal training '' child with 15 learning could get any level of any type . 
  practice winning without cheesing austria/castele , it will help you out in the future . 
  war of the roses is will happen on average , 10 years into the game if you have no heir . 
  once you get a message about `` rumors of low fertility '' you have about one year before the war of the roses starts . 
  tbh just retry , and win the war with greater speed or rng an heir . 
  war of the roses/peasants war/times of trouble , these all require +1 stability to end . 
  wotr also requires you have an heir . 
  not = { num_of_revolts = 1 }, 
  stability = 1, 
  has_regency = no, 
  has_heir = yes, 
  the day eu4 came out and i loaded up an england game , ( after 1000 hours in eu3/ck : dv , ck2 each :p ) and marching on france , getting wiped and then the war of the roses firing and getting totally wrecked . 
  i leaned back in my chair with wild eyes and a grin , barely containing laughter but in a tone that you would use to encourage a dog in the night `` what the fuck '' . 
  it was truly marvelous to get so convincingly obliterated . 
  has n't happened since :(, 
  this is by far the best thread ever posted on / r/bitcoin, 
  altcoins are heresy !, 
  ever since the scrypt reformation , we should defiantly engage in violence over these beliefs as they are important to us and are not just being used to profit . 
  we are pure and innocent like those nice scientologists !, 
  i had 300 hours in rust in its first few months since alpha launch . 
  i stopped playing when i found cheat punch did n't actually work . 
  what i 'd really like is to pay $ x a month for a server hosted and moderated by facepunch or a contractor with actual 24h admins . 
  i will kneel on a towel at 6 in the morning , face the moon and chant `` sastochi akbar '' . 
  when i walk out of the bank after closing my accounts `` sastochi akbar ! '', 
  i will not touch usd as it is dirty and unclean . 
  if i convert all currency to bitcoin sastochi will reward me with 42 altcoins . 
  i will post further comments such as this on bitcoincirclejerk or something similar :p,
