  got given it on a cd , had no info other than `` its an rpg '' got playing , lost track of main quest , became guild grandmasters , member of the legion , house haluulu ** , and stumbled across an ashlander that was like `` man , the nevarine is immune to diseases '' checked and found i am immune to diseases . 
  was like `` holy shit i wonder if i am this guy people keep talking about !! '', 
  went to cave at night , opened , got ring , didnt die . 
  cheered irl . 
  if i was selling porn , id put ads in every sub with above average references to masturbation , sex and ejaculation . 
  nofap meets this criteria . 
  be adults and decide for yourself what you do or let a third party decide for you . 
  pretty racist saying asian women look like children, 
  literally racist to use skin color to determine that . 
  i believe it was nsa monitoring software being updated . 
  mistakes were made !, 
  tbh i did n't find any of them innovative , or even redoing existing concepts very well at all . 
  there 's legislatively no problem aside from the drug dealing part . 
  i did not know you existed until today !, 
  gets his brother to do make a post placating clich\u00e9 words . 
   i do n't tell the grocery store clerk that they 're a fucking retard when they ring up an item twice . 
  irl lots of people do . 
  ummm , iirc mexicans are spanish : s, 
  blacks belong together - cartman 2014, 
   there 's a reason people are n't shown actually drinking alcohol in ads and why smoking ads have greatly decreased since the 90s . 
  third parties telling adults what to do . 
   legislation exists to stop people from doing things that are n't `` legislatively no problem . '', 
  no it literally does n't . 
  yeah , but they 're really spanish , like americans and australians are really british ? 
  * makes whip cracking noise, 
  f that . 
  metaphorically stick the knife in , then figuratively crush her beneath your heel . 
  sometimes when a man and a woman are having sex together , the man puts his hard penis into the woman 's vagina , then he moves it gently in and out . 
  your dad is a pedophile, 
  til from / u/desmunda1 100 % of a nations gdp is based on its minimum wage policy . 
  you can ignore any other factors because in australia you can buy eggs for $ 1.20 at a $ 16.87 . 
  forget taxation methods , or literally every other facet of life , just check out the cost of goods . 
   i thought minimum wage was suppose to be the bare minimum you can live on, 
  i 've always seen it as the legal minimum an employer can pay . 
  north dakota and south dakota do too !, 
  you can only masturbate to one of them tho, 
  the climate does change . 
  humans have an effect on it . 
  heating and cooling periods also occur naturally . 
  someone ( kat iirc ) called out starbuck on not giving a shit about other pilots earlier in the episode . 
  as a non backer waiting for launch and avoiding all sc hype , i really hope they spend $ 0 on marketing and show the industry a good game generates enough hype on its own . 
  sounds like their ancestors are from spain . 
  people often boast about ` making their own ' but to be honest 99 % of midrange paladins will be 2-3 cards different from strifes paladin . 
  and even then the differences will be insignificant , like a piloted shreader instead of sylvanis . 
   worse than this ? 
  [ worse than this ? 
  ] ( http://abcnews.go.com/images/news/ht_spanish_painting_jesus_badly_restored_thg_120822_wblog.jpg ), 
  sometimes when a man and a woman are having sex together , the man puts his hard penis into the woman 's vagina , then he moves it gently in and out . 
  [ that 's all i know ] ( http://www.fpnsw.org.au/factsheet_10_having_sex.docx ), 
  if genocide was completed properly ... 
  if an adult called my house to whine at me over their kids school yard banter , i 'd go to town on him too . 
  it 's pathetic . 
  well , perhaps not , id likely just hang up as i do n't care . 
  you 'd better not , might get fired for racism . 
  kinda like what happened with natives of colonial empires . 
  taken from their home , native culture dismissed , loss of place and identity , struggles to survive upon maturity . 
  if this sort of thing did n't happen at school , when the kids enter the real world they will not have developed the mechanisms to deal with it and could react poorly . 
  a pirate , two terrorists and a black guy walk backwards into a bar, 
  if your number exists on a telephone , you could be called . 
  many cold calling telemarketers use a auto dialing system eg : 555\u00a0000000 , 555\u00a0000001 , 555000002 etc, 
  sif the tail would be that dark . 
  its a giant erection . 
  reply with , unfortunatly its my name . 
  gamersgate founder !, 
  i played at launch , did n't like the resource x nodes per day then log out shenannigans . 
  found spvp to be a bit like counterstrike , spawn do dmg and log out . 
  found rvrvr to be zerg flip map , drop hard earned gold on siege eq/defence for no real gain . 
  any of this been changed/overhauled ? 
  pre-ordering is like going to play roulette , putting $ 60 on red and losing it all if it 's black and getting $ 60 if its red . 
  but you get a free soda if you participate . 
   was very compatible with the original game, 
  i do n't know if the two games interacted at all , if you meant comparable , then i have to disagree that the missing features ( politics/family ) , the same broken features ( bad ai/trade-war-peace diplomacy/pull through cheeze ) and day 1 dlc unlockable with mods . 
  never buying a ca game again . 
  tldr : they know that making the sign language gesture demonstrated by another will result in food . 
  the same way your dog or cat responds to its name . 
  i was a believer in ape communication while watching the koko movie , up to the point where the main guy was like `` nah , we 've been coaxing her and shes just copying us '' . 
  watched it again and noticed the same thing . 
  cat dies . 
  lady signs `` are you sad '' koko signs `` me sad '', 
  i think starting off as byz/wre , simply being so large will have a giant snowball effect and every game will be a joke . 
  im sure there will be some kind of civil war mechanic renamed `` slave/rebels '' . 
  same engine iirc so the pull through issue will still exist . 
  fyi a diligent google search will find you an article where monkeys were taught the concept of money , that coins could result in food , resulting in prostitution for coins , to buy food . 
  i found that interesting . 
  i frequently ask americans over skype to look out the window and tell me if they see a man shouting `` yeee haarrr '' while shooting revolvers in the air . 
  it 's the main reason i 'd never go to america . 
  i dunno , after consulting reputable sites such as realzoomovies , im still pretty convinced . 
  seems like a pretty fair and unbiased title . 
  i do n't have my wife bound and gagged . 
  i 'm quite progressive !, 
  edited version of blurred lines with only the girls . 
  you know it smelt like fish . 
  i will grind you up and squirt you out of a bottle onto a pie, 
  if you 're going to hell , you 'll see him there !, 
  remember , it misogyny . 
  til when a goose bites a womans vagina , it 's goosing . 
  i ca n't handle all these new genders , i heard about cis on southpark and thought it was fictional . 
  wtf is a otherkin : s, 
  im the same age as tb . 
  i 've never been bothered by words on the internet .
