  at lvl 9 bard , you can pick up raise dead , and switch one of your old spells to healing word if you do n't have it yet - plus you get the improved song of rest . 
  at lvl 10 bard , you can use magical secrets to pick up mass healing word and conjure woodland beings , plus pick up greater restoration . 
  use mass healing word to heal when you 're in a pinch , and if you have time cast conjure woodland beings to summon 2 dryads . 
  each dryad can cast goodberry 3 times , therefore 2 dryads can heal 60 hp . 
  or feed 60 people for a day . 
  plus buff you with barkskin / pass without trace , and fight for you or charm your opponents for some crowd control . 
  double the amount of dryads once you use lvl 6 slots , triple once you use lvl 8 slots . 
  this should be more than enough healing for your party - and do n't forget , your ranger and paladin can also heal , and fighter has some self healing ( monk too , if he 's open hand ) . 
  get your pally to keep up bless . 
  if you still want more , lvl 11 would be an ok choice to pick up a level of life cleric . 
  heck , you could even afford to go heavy armor ( if you have n't invested much in dex ) , if you have proficiency/expertise you can still be sneaky at a disadvantage , especially if you use guidance and/or bardic inspiration for that . 
  it 's worth it for the mass healing word , always prepared cure wounds and bless , and the fact it allows you to replace your bard lvl 1 healing spells with something else as you keep leveling up , since you 'll prepare them as a cleric anyway . 
  at bard 13 you can pick up regenerate ( plus you get a better song of rest ) , and bard 14 will allow you to pick up heal and resurrection with magical secrets . 
  bard 17 gives you an even better song of rest , and you can select power word heal . 
  bard 18 will let you pick up mass heal and true resurrection . 
  that should complete your build as a healing bard . 
  alright , although archfey pact warlock should thematically fit the druid ... especially if he made the bargain while he was high or something , 
  ranger 1-2 wo n't be much help , 3 is better if you want a companion or a fighting technique , but it 's overall a pure rp choice that would n't bring much to the table . 
  on the other hand , if you go rogue , at level 2 you get the wonderful cunning action . 
  mechanically speaking , going pure land druid from 1 to 20 is a very powerful choice in game ( one of the top tier ones ) , and all the options above are not really powergamey , but they do add versatility . 
  i 'm curious - how do your fights go if you need a lot of healing output ? 
  it 's something i have n't found crucial in 5e so far . 
  all of the parties i 've been in ( or games i ran ) so far did n't really need much healing , especially during the battle , unless someone drops to zero - in fact , during combat it was usually more effective to cc or nuke . 
  while playing my light cleric i used to joke that my best healing spell was my fireball . 
  dead opponents do no damage . 
  raise dead is always good to have , but i 'd suggest picking up greater restoration over mcw . 
  lots of stuff in this game gives you hit points , but one unlucky encounter with a basilisk was enough for my party to realize the value of it . 
  cwb is simply amazing , any way you put it . 
  you can use it to :, 
  * conjure two dryads for healing/buffs/cc , as above, 
  * conjure a sea hag for fear cc and save or die effect on enemies, 
  * pixies can cast druidcraft , confusion , dancing lights , detect evil and good , detect thoughts , dispel magic , entangle , fly , phantasmal force , polymorph , sleep - each of them . 
  and you get eight pixies per cast at the lowest level . 
  this means your entire party can turn into t-rexes , each with their own 136 hp pool which you do n't have to heal , and +10 , 4d12 +7 and +10 , 3d8 +7 multiattack . 
  for more fun , your remaining two pixies can turn two enemies into squirrels , and all eight of them can cast confusion for maximum havoc . 
  * 8 blink dogs or 4 satyrs to deal some damage and take damage intended for your party - or , if you prefer , your very own 4-satyr archery squad . 
  damage , incredible buffs , cc , battlefield control by providing meatshields , stealth enhancement , healing , etc. , conjure woodland beings does it all . 
  it 's god tier . 
   my str is n't high enough for the better armor, 
  if you 're proficient in armor and you do n't have the strength prerequisite , you can still wear it , but you take a 10 ft speed penalty . 
  your armor is indeed nice already - however , if you do have the proficiency , maybe you 'll find an enchanted heavy armor at some later point in your adventures . 
  a mix of both . 
  considering my party setup , i 'm planning on shortening it . 
  one of my players really does n't like long dungeons . 
  another player has issue tracking stuff as it is . 
  the fortress level would get simplified and reworked . 
  grove level should be ok as written . 
  i 'm certainly going to play it , 
  sounds great , 
  based on the recommendations of people here , i 'm going to go x or xiii-2 first - but ix is still going to remain on my list of games to play , i do n't intend to miss it . 
  i have lots of years of wow behind me , ca n't bring myself to commit to another mmo , 
  i 'll check out x and ix . 
  i 'd say i enjoy xiii for its strengths , i do n't mind its linearity because i have other games for that . 
  i 'll certainly check out x or xiii-2 next , and ix at some point . 
  i 'm looking for realistic graphics on my pc , since i have it hooked up to a big tv with some controllers ( and visuals are pretty important to my wife and kids ) . 
  i do n't mind it on my mobile , i started playing brave exvius and i find it fun and manageable , although grindy and luck based ... 
  i might get 4 on my mobile . 
  t0 was not on my list - is it good ? 
  since you 'll already have a bard for face skills , i suggest wizard for better synergy with druid ( spell slot progression ) and bringing int skills to the party . 
  plus you get a familiar for utility flavor starting at wiz 1 , and a great defensive option with shield spell . 
  i 'd say first dru 5 , then wiz 2 , then continue on as a druid . 
  level 2 wizard bonuses would be the main thing to go for , and you 'd want them sooner rather than later . 
  wizard traditions to consider :, 
  * bladesinging - great defensive/mobility option , if your dm is ok with you taking it . 
  * divination - you get to play god due to portent . 
  * evocation - if you tend to nuke , this allows you to do so at point blank range , druid has enough evocation spells to make this viable . 
  especially if you use eepc spells . 
  a cleric is also a good choice , giving you access to bless - which is always useful and scales nicely throughout the entire game , although it will use your concentration . 
  life 1 beefs up your healing , especially if you use the good old goodberry combo . 
  tempest 1 gives you a reaction to damage the nearby opponent damaging you , and 2 maximizes your lightning/thunder damage ( thunderclap / thunderwave / call lightning ) for a channel divinity cast . 
  both of these also give you access to heavy armor ( if you can get a non-metallic one ) . 
  yes , tempest and evocation can also work in tandem . 
  happy multiclassing , 
  $ 25 ( or $ 21.24 with legendary bundle discount ) , no sub required to access , access anywhere and from any device , maps and art which i can chromecast to tv during my play , all content usable in digital tools , great search functionality , no waiting till delivery ... vs $ 50 + shipping + taking my shelf space dead tree edition ? 
  not buying it since i recently got the legendary and i have years of campaigns to run still before i exhaust that , but still . 
  beyond is worth it for a lot of people . 
  i imagine a lot of people who just bought the starter set and nothing else , so they 're just running lmop , and maybe downloaded the basic rules but do n't wish to invest any more money in the game . 
  probably zero people on this sub though . 
  i wrote my general review of beyond [ two weeks ago ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/dndnext/comments/6vpjdr/my_review_of_beyond_after_putting_it_to_some_use/ ) , there have been some changes since ( 2 sessions played in between ) . 
  one of my players left ( well , not just the game ... the country ) , and she got replaced by a newbie who 's running full on beyond now , bringing the score up to two players which now run fully on beyond , two more who are running p&p sheets but their characters were created on beyond , and only one who was created full p&p . i also got the legendary bundle since . 
  i do n't really use homebrew and i use published adventures , so my use profile is different from yours . 
  although , if you intend to pop in bits of published content , tales from the yawning portal also offers player-only maps . 
  homebrew classes do n't work yet - just spells , items and monsters . 
  however , i found that referencing stuff is usually faster than in books - especially if book content is scattered all over the place . 
  tabs are great , e.g. 
  you can have several tabs opened each with the monster on it . 
  but overall comfort is very dependant on the actual physical devices you 're using . 
  also , it depends if other players are comfortable using beyond . 
  i 'm playing in another game tonight , so this will be my first beyond use as a player ( i 'm converting my char from paper to beyond ) to see how it works . 
  in one of the campaigns i play in , i 'm basically the primary frontliner as an open hand monk - which does work well , long death would work ok too . 
  i also have a mobile feat ( more speed and free disengage ) and a level in wizard , for shield and absorb elements ( which greatly boost my survivability ) , as well as a familiar - this severely reduces the risk of placing a monk on the front line . 
  using this build , i 'm pretty much a beast on the front line - very hard to hit , stunning , shoving and in general controlling the battlefield , zipping around it like crazy , wherever i 'm needed , creating pure mayhem . 
  as a monk , you would n't stand in front of the mobs and tank them - you 'd disable their ability to effectively attack your party . 
  however , all of this changes once you burn out your ki . 
  then you start sucking hard as a monk . 
  no more stuns , no more flurry of blows + push or trip with them , no more dodge/disengage/dash bonus action ... 
  your ability to disable your enemies + your survivability goes down the drain . 
  thanks !, 
  transfer over google drive worked . 
  me - [ got an ipad last weekend ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/ipad/comments/6zn4eg/bought_my_first_apple_device_ever_an_ipad_and/ ) , android user for years - i have a huawei p10 , my wife has p9 lite , and my son has my old s4 .
