  women also often get a bit of weight before they get their periods . 
  but this is all temporary weight gain . 
  do n't panic and do n't change anything - just keep doing what you 're doing , and you should lose weight . 
  if your scale does n't move for the next 2 weeks , then worry - but considering your progress ( and self-reported numbers ) so far , you should lose about 4 lbs in the next 2 weeks doing what you already do . 
  it 's doable in 2 months , if you adhere strictly to the 1000 cal/day deficit . 
  generally , the best way to see if you 're counting exercises wrong is by your results over medium term . 
  follow what seems right to you , and see if you 're getting results you 're expecting . 
  if not , adjust . 
  that 's nice progress for the past 3 months !, 
  keep at it , 
  about your relationship ... did your weight loss journey significantly affect your time together ? 
  i would suggest relationship counseling . 
  maybe post on / r/relationships as well . 
  my appetite also got reduced due to eating less !, 
  but first of all ... how do you feel ? 
  if you 're feeling fine , there 's no reason for concern . 
  if you 're feeling down or lethargic , it 's time to up some calories . 
  easy ways to do it :, 
  * add some olive oil to your meals , a spoon will have 120 calories, 
  * drink a few cups of milk a day, 
  you can also exercise , this often increases appetite . 
  good luck , 
  seconded , i live far away from a gym and recommended routine from that sub is what i use . 
  visit the supermarket . 
  veggies , canned fish and lentils , uncooked oats in milk or yogurt etc. 
  i 'm from croatia , and here we usually eat it the same way you do , but lately i 've been eating it cooked more often . 
  you might try cooking it ( in water or milk ) , it changes the texture of the dish and makes it much more homogenous . 
  while it 's easier to add grains and dry fruit when it 's raw , when you 're cooking it it 's easier to add spices , jam , peanut butter , protein powder etc. 
  or to top it with fresh fruit once when it 's done . 
  i usually eat boiled eggs with it when i want to up my protein count . 
  enter it as aerobic . 
  it 's a guesstimate anyway . 
  for optimal results do both : pullups , dips , squats and deadlifts are some of the top exercises you can do . 
  first two are typically bodyweight-only , but you can add weight as well . 
  free weights allow better progressive overload , as you can add weight little by little . 
  with bodyweight exercise , you can progress them by utilizing leverage - some of it will require ( and develop ) great balance skills . 
  check out / r/bodyweightfitness for that , they have good routines which are not endurance oriented . 
  fat loss is mostly about food . 
  if your goal is lower weight , do either bodyweight or free weights . 
  as long as you work out regularly and eat at a deficit , you 'll get results . 
  when you reach that goal weight , it will be the time to re-evaluate your fitness goals and see where you want to go from there . 
  exercise, 
  you can do both . 
  i do strength training and run , which is sort of similar to that , on alternate days and i find that i 'm good recovery-wise . 
  except running 1-2 days after leg day , which is not fun , but it works . 
  walk a lot . 
  diet, 
  if you get enough protein in your diet , you do n't need it . 
  nope . 
  i never eat breakfast and i 'm fine . 
  your total daily intake is important . 
  timing is minor . 
  talk to your doctor , see rule 5 . 
  i work out in silence . 
  read the wiki if you have n't done so already , 
  because you ate at maintenance , so you lost fat but not overall weight because you were recomping . 
  you need to eat less . 
  get a food scale and log everything . 
  i use myfitnesspal to track my calories . 
  gym in tx with no ac ? 
  wow , respect :d, 
  thanks , i 'm doing that at the moment . 
  here are some of my meals that i commonlly eat :, 
  oatmeal - 50g oats , 200g milk , tablespoon of peanut butter , tablespoon of fruit jam, 
  fish and beans - 1 can sardines in olive oil ( 100g ) , 1 can of kidney beans or lentils ( 240g when you drain water ), 
  salad - 50g each of lettuce , tomato , onions , bell peppers and cucumbers , 2 hard boiled eggs , teaspoon of olive oil , 50g yogurt, 
  these 3 meals could be my breakfast , lunch and dinner when i 'm on a cut . 
  try / r/bodyweightfitness routine . 
  you can do a lot of exercises on the equipment in your local park . 
  or playground . 
  or , heck , a tree with suitable branches - that 's what i used for pull ups when i had nothing else available . 
  also , running does n't necessarily need to be lonely . 
  bring a friend with you . 
  find out which places are popular with local runners , some of these places can have lots of people running , and that can make you feel almost like on a race . 
  also , there can be some running clubs or casual running groups around you , feel free to check it out . 
  also , be sure to maintain healthy look and to get enough sleep . 
  it is crucial , especially in your situation . 
  good luck . 
  it seems like there 's a new article somewhere every week about whether cardio is better than strength training , or vice versa . 
  generally , both are important and very useful for various things in your life . 
  so why not do both ? 
  i strength train and run on alternate days . 
  it works . 
  and unless you 're competing or training to similar levels of ability , you can do both and still recover well . 
  i have some too , and it 's a sign of victory . 
  besides , loose skin looks way better than extra weight  great job and good luck with the rest of your journey . 
  from your other reply it would seem that you do n't have a food scale . 
  getting one is crucial in determining how many calories are you actually eating , without it it 's possible that you 're underreporting your food intake because measuring food by volume is not exactly accurate . 
  regarding rice etc , weighing uncooked rice will give you most accurate results . 
  check out the jefit mobile app , it can show you what to do . 
  you can usually ask the staff to give you a quick tour on how to use the machines . 
  if there 's a good selection of free weights , you might want to consider starting strength or stronglifts 5x5 . 
  there are apps for them as well . 
  you can log it under cardio as strength training . 
  it 's only an estimate though . 
  i 'm not gon na lie to you , but with your weight it will take a long time . 
  your goals are certainly reachable , but we 're talking about 2 years time . 
  however , it 's doable . 
  my advice would be : keep up with eating at a deficit , go to gym ( or work out in some other way , perhaps start with walking and swimming ) , and most important of all make it a habit . 
  make it something that you do .
