  on the other hand , yalnu * did * get through that portal , perhaps kirin tor did n't manage to thoroughly clear it up ... 
  i raided all raids back in vanilla , and it was n't really that bad . 
  there were usually 2-4 locks per raid back then , and i did most raids on one full bag of shards . 
  however , we did things in a certain way that made it easier on locks :, 
  * no summons , except for unforseen circumstances . 
  everyone should be responsible to get to raid on time , not expect to get summoned and having warlocks farm because they 're too lazy to click on the flightpoint . 
  intentional slackers get summoned in weird places . 
  * healthstones are for tanks and healers . 
  and maybe a few friends . 
  with that being said , i would usually show up at the raid area early , like 20-30 minutes before the raid . 
  that would be enough to farm some shards in the area where the raid is in , vendor all the trash , get water from mages who also came early etc. 
  you 'd spend a lot of shards before raid starts in the staging area . 
  once the raid starts , however , drain soul all the trash when they 're about to die . 
  get a few extra shards . 
  you 'll need them for all the boss attempts . 
  this is it basically . 
  it might be worse on a pvp server . 
  yeah , he does have a point . 
  i still play on live ( though not constantly ) , mainly because many of these same people still do . 
  even though the guild is less active than before , and currently does n't raid until legion hits , leaving that guild is last thing on my mind because it feels like a second family . 
  for me , the live community still exists - but most of what exists for me got forged all the way back in vanilla and still endures 11 years later . 
  i 'm not so sure this would happen like that for most newbies on live . 
  just to let you know , i have decided to set up an authenticator as a result of this post . 
  also ask your friend , maybe the larp group has some loaner gear . 
  or players . 
  there are , but a lot of them also close during the summer because it 's the holiday season and city largely empties during the summer . 
  and i 'm not exactly sure how cool would it be from me to only sign up for one month ? 
  i do know a guy from another school , now that you mention it . 
  good tip , i might check with him . 
  mats at home would n't work for me , my condo is too tiny for any rolling to take place there . 
  i received 90 boost after purchasing warlords , several months after its ' original release . 
  should be the same with legion . 
  we 're in a similar situation , i also stopped in 2010 wotlk era and i have rejoined recently , so i 'm still sort of new to this with only a few months experience , but i wondered many of the same things . 
  1 ) very , but probably not worth investing in it too much . 
  the main goldmaking scenario is with lvl 3 inn and treasure hunting , but this is going to get nerfed soon - even before legion , in the pre-expansion patch . 
  still , there are other ways to make money ( like soloing cataclysm raids ) . 
  garrisons will still be useful to obtain some items , tradeskills , there are missions which can grant you xp or items , etc. 
  so while the easy money train has almost left the station , you can still get a few things from them before expansion hits . 
  2 ) while you do n't have heirlooms , other people still do and they help you clear the dungeon faster , and they probably know the tactics well . 
  plus , your character is more powerful - at the baseline - than it was when that content got released . 
  also , wod leveling dungeons are probably harder than heroics at 100 , which is because most people nowadays outlevel them by far and only do them for daily 100 valor ( and inn quests ) . 
  this was not always the case though , but nowadays you can get ilvl 700 + gear in a single weekend of pvp at 100 , which will be better than anything you can lfr . 
  3 ) in lfr bosses have very few mechanics , and half of the remaining ones you can ignore . 
  first time i did normal , hfc 6/13 took me as long as full lfr run ( with queues included ) , and on 2 bosses i managed to die because i did n't know the mechanics properly , and on one i managed to wipe the raid because of that . 
  you do n't usually see lfr wiping anywhere except on archimonde ( but then you get a damage/health/healing buff for that boss ) . 
  normal is similar in difficulty to what it used to be , heroic as well , mythic is comparable to ulduar hardmode . 
  lfr is tourist mode . 
  if you 're ok with that , you will be ok with lfr . 
  however , lfr loot will disappoint you - you can get better gear nowadays in a weekend of pvp-ing . 
  one meaningful thing you can do with raiding is - if you wish - to do your legendary ring quest . 
  if you start it soon you might just make it pre-expansion ( the questline will be removed from the game when legion hits ) . 
  it will take you through all the raids in order , and you can do it in lfr . 
  garrisons and shipyard will help too , except for the last step . 
  archaeology and pets : others know more than me , so i have nothing to add here , 
  no heirlooms , do n't worry about it . 
  just tag along and enjoy the ride . 
  you 're well geared for the content , they 're just overpowering it at the moment . 
  you 're dps and nobody 's going to bother you because of it . 
  keep in mind there 's lfr system now , you get to see all the pve content on easy mode with zero dedication . 
  queues are cross-realm , and your entire region will queue with you . 
  if that 's too casual for you , your best option would be to try and find a good guild ... 
  do the shipyard quest , it opens the tanaan jungle for you . 
  this is the most recent daily hub , and best tuned place to quest at lvl 100 . 
  ashran pvp has some even better gear nowadays . 
  you can follow the legendary questline too ( you get the quest khadgar 's task which starts it ) , it will give you a lot of story , as well as take you through a lot of pve content , and you just might be able to still get the legendary ring before legion hits and questline is removed from the game ... 
  get ashran gear ( which will not take long ) and grind gold , as honor/conquest points are about to get removed with legion . 
  you get it from khadgar 's servant in your garrison at level 98 + , the first quest ( call of the archmage ) sends you to see khadgar in zangarra . 
  you can see the full quest guide [ here ] ( http://www.wowhead.com/guides/raiding/warlords-of-draenor-legendary-ring-guide ) . 
  i grew up with thac0 so i do n't have a problem with it really . 
  calculating thac0 - target ac is something i can do myself on the fly , as a dm . 
  i just need to know their rolls and declare if they hit or not . 
  i 'm currently looking for something i can run out of the box with good pre-made adventures ( or those that i already have ) as my prep time is limited these days . 
  my first priority is very good pre-written adventures for the system . 
  i ran two sessions in fate accelerated , it was an interesting experience but did n't go too well . 
  plenty of new concepts for players to grasp . 
  i will return to it ... once ... but not with fantasy . 
  i keep hearing good things about the set and about the adventure . 
  did anyone play both that one and the one that i have from 2nd edition forgotten realms who can draw a comparison between them ? 
  20 + years of difference in adventure design , and i 'm not entirely sure how the adventure writing developed in that time . 
  thanks . 
  i took a look at both systems , dungeon world sounds interesting . 
  regarding the ruleset i agree , i 'm playing out of the abyss and i find it awesome . 
  both the campaign and the ruleset . 
  i have a 100 resto druid , my resto shaman is still a lowbie so while i like the healing style of both i can mostly speak from druid 's perspective . 
  druid healing has mostly instant cast stuff , and most of them heal over time . 
  druids have several forms of highly mana effective healing - both main tank healing with lifebloom and refreshing it with regrowth at omen of clarity procs , and wild mushroom which is aoe heal on a specific area . 
  wild growth , rejuv and ysera 's gift will help you top up the raid . 
  tranquility is awesome when the entire raid gets a lot of damage . 
  one area in which they lack in is getting a single person from low health up immediately . 
  druids currently can top healing meters ( i usually do , unless i 'm overgeared by others ) , but really all healers operate on slightly different areas of healing . 
  druids will also have combat rez , while shamans will have bloodlust/heroism . 
  on the other hand , if you plan to raid , it will be easier to gear a shaman because they 're the only class which uses caster mail . 
  especially if you 're alliance , which seems to have fewer shamans than the horde . 
  as a resto druid , you 'll be competing with mw monks . 
  checking your guild and server pop might give you a better idea of your potential competition ... 
  my advice is keep leveling both . 
  spamming dungeon queues is fast enough anyway , and the classes will probably work somewhat different at lvl 110 , with 7.0 changes and legion content . 
  also , when pre-legion patch hits , it should include class trials which will give you a chance to try and learn a class at 100 ... 
  cool , did n't know that . 
  thanks for the info ,
