  it 's the espresso blend they sell . 
  this time i was using a moka pot , not a fp so there was no long steeping involved . 
  i put in pre-heated water , placed the moka pot on a medium heat , and removed it before all water boiled . 
  i 'm thinking of trying a coarser grind next time and perhaps filling the basket flat - this time it was slightly heaping . 
  that should reduce the steeping time in a moka pot , if i 'm not mistaken . 
  tap water from my area is a bit hard , but very tasty and with no off flavors - spring water sold here has pretty much the same taste , but it 's also rather hard . 
  i live in croatia , 
  but i 've been to germany a few times and tap water there is ok . 
  i 'd go with that . 
  i use eventbrite . 
  i keep my beans in the original bag they were stored into , which is then folded and placed in a tupperware-like container . 
  you may try pre-heating the flask with hot water - or , switch to long black instead of americanos ( put your shots in hot water instead of the other way around ) . 
  this item - as well as other * atomic * - style coffeemakers are quite exotic . 
  i never used one myself ( or tried the coffee from it ) , but [ reviews of similar machines ] ( http://coffeegeek.com/reviews/vacpots/atomic_style_espresso_devices ) are quite positive . 
  do you own a grinder ? 
  for that budget , you could get all three : a bonavita bv1800 8-cup coffee maker , a chemex or v60 and a large french press ... and than use whatever method you feel like at the time , 
  i will try that next . 
  today i brew fp at 15 clicks , and it turned out properly . 
  it 's the best coffee i ever brew . 
  is this just fantasy ? 
  for aeropress , any way of heating your water will be fine . 
  goosenecks are really needed only for pourovers . 
  bonavita variable is great if you want to play with precise temperature settings . 
  i just use a cheap electric kettle which i 've had for over 5 years ... and then wait about 30 seconds or so after it shuts down before pouring ( for my fp ) . 
  it 's normal for coffee to relax people and make them sleepy immediately after drinking . 
  it takes 20-30 minutes for the caffeine to really kick in . 
  brikka and atomic-style pots produce higher pressure , i believe . 
  if you want high pressure ( approaching or exceeding 5 bar ) , steam wo n't suffice and you 'll need a piston or a pump of an espresso machine . 
  maybe it 's my area , but about half of the new people around here ask if they could just lurk and watch what 's going on . 
  do n't lurk . 
  ever . 
  larp is a media that 's meant to be experienced from the first person . 
  it 's not a theatre play . 
  it 's not designed to be fun or even watchable by onlookers . 
  it 's meant to be experienced . 
  if you lurk and not participate , you will have a lesser experience to the one who plays . 
  and you may make them uncomfortable , because if you 're out of character , you 're not a part of the game world and players have to willingly ignore you from their ic experience . 
  players signed up to play , create stories and interact with others ... not to be watched like they 're in a zoo or something . 
  they might feel shy if they get the feeling they 're observed . 
  you will be neither a pc nor npc . 
  you will be the other . 
  deciding on what you 'd enjoy playing is something personal , and something which might be best if you tried it out yourself . 
  my suggestion is : make a character , and a basic costume ( e.g. 
  tunic and pants ) , and go to your first game as a player . 
  jump right in . 
  if you make some mistakes , that 's ok . everybody does . 
  but i can promise you this : the first larp you play , you will remember forever and not regret it . 
  next game , switch the character if you think it would be more enjoyable , or continue with the one you used . 
  reuse your costume and upgrade it . 
  and have fun , 
  i wrote [ some tips ] ( http://www.crolarper.com/2014/08/these-10-easy-steps-are-all-you-need-to.html ) , you might find them helpful or not . 
  good luck , 
  fiberglass is also a problem in croatia ( apart from ordering online and paying those shipping fees ) . 
  for those reasons , we typically used bamboo instead . 
  you probably should n't have any difficulties finding bamboo , it grows there . 
  i always have to stop and think twice when i hear `` cafetiere '' , because where i 'm from that expression is used to refer to moka pots :d, 
  a french press is perfectly capable of producing excellent coffee . 
  so are aeropress , moka pots , turkish coffee pots and some pourover solutions such as v60 which all have comparable costs to french press . 
  you 'll get different flavor profiles with any of those . 
  picking one of them would be like picking your favorite color , 
  i love french press . 
  it 's lovely and full-bodied . 
  pourover tends to be lighter , clean-tasting and very tea-like . 
  moka has a concentrated flavor , not unlike espresso but still different . 
  aeropress is very versatile , and can come close to mimicking all three of those styles depending on how you set it up . 
  if you 're looking to buy something - do you have a good grinder ? 
  if you 're using pre-ground coffee , getting a grinder is one sure method to hugely improving the flavor of your coffee . 
  brewing methods are more about variety and personal preferences . 
  interesting . 
  did n't know about hoover either  i guess we took it from the italian word [ caffetiera ] ( http://it.wikipedia.org/wiki/caffettiera ) which basically means coffeemaker . 
  i have a moka pot , and i have tried aeropress concentrated shot at a coffee shop ( i do n't own ap ) . 
  i thought the results were similar , though not identical . 
  i like them both for either drinking straight or as a substitute for espresso in drinks . 
  in croatia , it 's not pre-sweetened . 
  you can sweeten it according to your tastes . 
  i 'm using a hario mini for french press - i opted for it because reviews said it produces a more consistent fp grind than skerton ( unless you mod skerton ) . 
  i do n't have a scale , so i 'm using the dosing guidelines for beans provided on the lower chamber . 
  according to instructions , the `` 2-cup '' one is 20-24 grams , and it takes me about a minute and a half to grind it at 15 clicks from closed , which works well for me . 
  my grinding is done by the time my kettle boils , and then i brew 4 minutes . 
  there 's not a lot of sludge at the bottom of my cup , and the taste is certainly not bitter but full-bodied and very pleasant . 
  cheapest setup : a small french press ( $ 5-15 ) and a hario mini slim ceramic grinder ( $ 25-ish ) . 
  fp will last you a long time ( if you do n't drop it ) , wo n't require buying filters or gaskets , and you can use it for other purposes too , such as brewing tea , foaming milk etc. 
  hario mini is a hand grinder , will take about a minute to grind enough fresh beans for full small fp ( at 15 clicks setting ) , and will produce decent results ( better than its ' larger sibling , hario skerton , which does n't do coarse grinds so well ) . 
  plus , you can use its ' bottom chamber to measure your coffee by volume , as it has 1 cup and 2 cup marks ( they will be approx . 
  10-12g and 20-24g , depending on the beans used ) . 
  not as precise as digital scale , but for fp they will do the job . 
  then spend the rest of your budget on absolutely best beans you can afford , 
  it 's very light and durable , though it should be a bit thicker than a fiberglass rod . 
  it can splinter longitudinally when you put it under a stress - for extra safety , you can wrap any exposed parts in tape . 
  in my experiences , in nearly all malfunction cases foam would fail far before the bamboo . 
  so if you can get it , you should be good . 
  alternatively , perhaps you can use rattan instead of bamboo ... 
  i 've never used the stuff personally though ( over here , we only get it as finished products , such as chairs ) . 
  30 here . 
  i started drinking coffee at the age of 14 , in a friendly cafe next to my school where i would sometimes play chess or cards with friends from the class ... 
  at the age of 18 , i started pouring hot water over my own instant coffee . 
  at around 26 , i switched to mainly making and drinking turkish coffee at home ( from pre-ground beans ) . 
  i 'm a fresh third wave convert . 
  looks great !, 
  enjoy ,
