  i have some hammerkunst swords and throwing daggers , throwing daggers are almost identical to hero 's edge ones except for some very small detail on the grip . 
  many german larpers i talked to consider them almost disposable weapons . 
  they look nice , but they hit hard , they can break more easily since they tend to put weak cores in them , and they 're hard to repair once damaged . 
  these tend to be 10-20 % cheaper than general latex weapons , but in my opinion they 're not worth it unless you want a weapon mainly for looks and not for a lot of contact at all . 
  should you buy one , they 're latex covered and they still need to be maintained as regular latex weapons , so you got to lube it regularly with silicone spray or talc , keep it away from the sun etc. 
  i own a calimacil sword ( bellator ) and there is absolutely no comparison . 
  i 've abused that sword a lot over the past 4 years on larps big and small in 3 different countries , and apart from few tears from hitting too sharp armor ( which do not reduce its ' functionality ) , i believe i probably got a few more years of use from it . 
  it 's also zero maintenance . 
  best weapon i 've ever owned by any imaginable benchmark . 
  sounds awesome . 
  unfortunately , i live too far away so travel is outside of my budget for now , but this totally sounds like a larp i 'd love to play . 
  hi and welcome !, 
  i listened to the episode 0 of your podcast which you mentioned in another post . 
  i like it so far , and that episode answers most of the stuff episode 0 should , although i really suggest changing the name of it  as a fellow android user , i appreciate the fact that you provided an alternative to itunes . 
  btw , which platform do you plan to use to communicate with your audience ? 
  i [ blog ] ( http://www.crolarper.com/ ) about larp myself , so i already covered most of the stuff i 'm interested in over the past few years . 
  at least factual stuff . 
  but i do n't think larp is 100 % factual , it 's largely about personal experience and perspective - and it colors the way we see larp . 
  so my advice is : keep it going for a while , be regular ( i fail at that lately ) , give it your own personal touch , make content that 's relevant and interesting , engage in conversations , do n't spam , and always keep in mind the perspective and experience of your audience . 
  the experience of your audience is an important thing . 
  one example - a large number of american larps are based on module and hook structure , for me as an european larper this is very exotic as i never played a larp like that , never saw it working , only heard it from others on the internet . 
  as a result , i struggle to understand the content which talks to the audience with a presumption that this is how every larp looks like , and that i already know intricacies from their personal game . 
  another example : if you mention that dr is a `` light touch '' larp , i also have no experience with such a combat system , i played larps with medium and full contact , and larps with acted combat which might correspond with `` light touch '' regarding the force of the strike , but they have a very different philosophy of how combat should look like . 
  several years ago i encountered another blog which talked about world of darkness , and i found it very hard to understand since at that time i did n't have any knowledge of the system - a couple of years later i was already running a vampire game ( now i also run werewolf ) so that obviously changed , but still . 
  having said that , you seem to have experience with wod and dr , but you do n't have experience with fantasy larps which are agruably the most popular genre in usa and the world . 
  unless these are among these larps you mentioned in your podcast that you tried ? 
  these might help you broaden your perspective . 
  anyways , i 'm rambling  good luck with your project , hope it works well . 
  the larp scene can only be helped by quality media . 
  ( * edit : module and hook structure ), 
  you 're welcome  if you have any questions feel free to ask . 
  drop me a link to the fb page once it 's up , 
  your sw and cw are almost identical to someone close to me who 's also losing . 
  congratulations and keep it up , 
  i set my long term goal as 22 bmi @ 10-12 % body fat . 
  what 's your armor ? 
  a bright overcoat could go well on chain or on some versions of plate if you do n't have shoulders . 
  accessorize . 
  on top of your armor wear a colored turban/headscarf/feathered hat , a handbag , bright pants ( if your legs are unarmored , or if pants are visible through it ) , etc. 
  i see ... well the only real issue is a helmet i 'd say , as it 's very recognizable as viking one . 
  regarding plate cuirass and pauldrons , could you perhaps sew some cloth covers for them ? 
  this could keep their level of protection while giving you a distinct and unique visual appearance . 
  also , perhaps add some rings , earrings , amulets etc , the shinier the better . 
  hmm . 
  is being rainbowy racially offensive ? 
  i live in a part of the world where roma people are well ... an everyday occurance , and i never associated colorful clothes with them , i only found it in american literature . 
  this is the part that confused me , 
  agreed with historic clothing , and [ i always recommend it ] ( http://www.crolarper.com/2014/07/a-case-for-authenticity.html ) , 
  regarding importance of weapons , armor and clothing , that would depend on the larp in question . 
  we did have a mentality shift over here a few years ago , so on almost all larps nowadays clothing is most important . 
  that would work . 
  i understood that . 
  i remember reading the first article a while ago . 
  what i tried to say was that most of these stereotypes / caricatures / tropes do n't exist in places where these people actually live , to the point it 's hard to seriously associate them with that description . 
  i mean , there obviously are stereotypes around but a whole different set of them . 
  i do n't think local players would be very comfortable playing this version of the culture , they 'd probably call it out . 
  there have been two amas ( [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/mf1cf/ive_been_to_shaolin_temple_to_train_with_the/ ) and [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/bodyweightfitness/comments/1zdzwf/i_just_returned_from_a_1_year_stay_at_a_shaolin/ ) ) of the guys who have trained at other shaolin schools in china , though not your particular one . 
  might be interesting to check their experiences . 
  op delivers . 
  if i could upvote this more than once i would  it would be funny to see a gif of this sword whipping if it 's really that flexible . 
  note about stabby tip : there are european larps which are ok with that , as many of them tend to ban stabbing as a blanket security measure . 
  none of them are in my area though , so stabbing is important , 
  the finish seems dull . 
  is it latexed ? 
  or just colored foam ? 
  how do you exactly plan to play one then ? 
  it 's your responsibility to portray your character . 
  the general convention is - you can do what you can portray . 
  or if there 's a mechanic for it . 
  there are a few options however . 
  writing and reciting poetry is one . 
  also , you may play a bard who lost his talent and tries to regain it over time , which gives you the time to learn to play at least a few simple tunes on an instrument of your choice . 
  or you may play a storyteller-style bard , something like a lorekeeper , teacher etc. 
  i 'd suggest that you check your local scene . 
  see what 's available , perhaps try a few demo classes before you make your decision . 
  / u/f3arless _ bubble gave a nice list of disciplines , but remember that a good teacher and what you find fun is important . 
  also , do you plan to keep doing wing chun together with your new art or will you be making a full switch ? 
  you 're welcome . 
   my sifu does n't allow me to try different styles, 
  this is a ** huge ** red flag . 
  you 're an adult and he has no business `` disallowing '' you what to do in your free time . 
  also , you are under no obligation to disclose it to him ... 
  i like sword work . 
  but then again i enjoy rolling too . 
  if it were just one or the other , i would n't have any doubts . 
  update : i signed up for a grappling class last evening , after my kempo class . 
  it 's mainly nogi bjj with some wrestling stuff in it . 
  there are also open mat days , where people just roll - gi or nogi . 
  it was awesome and i loved it . 
  i read it , [ here 's my review ] ( http://www.crolarper.com/2016/03/larp-world-magazine-issue-1-review.html ) . 
  how about :, 
  * rp and other noncombat character interaction, 
  * general plot , modules , personal character plot etc. 
  * how to obtain or make larp weapons & clothes, 
  ok , you already did your intro but consider this for future . 
  for me and most players i know , larp is much more than just fighting . 
  * more layers , layers are always awesome . 
  * maybe soak your clothes in black tea or something to stain it and make it look more worn , and less crispy new . 
  * is that hood rainproof ? 
  if not , better make it so .
