  the instructions were posted in multiple posts on this subreddit at the time, 
  ... and onyxia , and two world bosses ( kazzak and azuregos ) . 
  plus , early pvp was also fun - around southshore/tarren mill , and capital city raids . 
  all of them done for fun at the time . 
  very , very few guilds cleared mc before bwl was released . 
  spell schools have a new game only on meta level , not in-character . 
  why would n't horses be expensive ? 
  there 's a major war going on , they were probably needed for war effort . 
  besides , what makes you think 1gp in teso is the same as 1 septim several centuries later ? 
  there 's an imperial race because there have been two empires before , tiber septim 's empire was a third one . 
  m'aiq is at betnikh . 
  soul gems are certainly possible to find . 
  regarding stripping , well ... tough luck and stupid mmo logic . 
  it 's the only one i have n't got the answer to . 
  also , you can de unapplied enchantments into runes . 
  i suggest you contact edmonton larp factory - i 'm in touch with some of the guys there and they 're cool . 
  i only have their facebook contact : https://www.facebook.com/groups/422861157773817/, 
  their style is mainly nordic-style larp , but plenty of them have contact with other local larps so they might help you find them . 
  looks cool , i 'll be watching it with sound when i come home !, 
  i also wrote an article about it back in 2012 : http://www.crolarper.com/2012/09/cold-weather-larping.html, 
  i wrote a series of articles on starting a larp : http://www.crolarper.com/search/label/start%20a%20larp, 
  several rules and techniques which you can use as an example : http://forum.crolarper.com/forum/3968351/, 
  you can integrate vtm-style politics in any genre . 
  it 's more about how you write the setting and how you motivate various players - e.g. 
  in a fantasy setting , you can use `` guilds '' instead of clans , require players to be a member of one at start , tie in a few exclusive abilities , and make them all unreliable allies in the setting - boom , instant vtm-like stuff in fantasy . 
  of course , you may do some variations on the design . 
  think of what motivates players in your games . 
  check out http://elderscrolls.crolarper.com, 
  along with boffer larps ( i run a fantasy campaign ) , i also run theatre larps ( mind 's eye theatre , vampire the masquerade , new by night studios rules ) , and some nordic stuff ( both reruns of nordic larps and new nordic-style larps ) . 
  that 's the stuff i run regularly ( you can find more info and some freely downloadable one-shot scenarios that i wrote at http://www.crolarper.com/p/my-larps.html ) . 
  i 'm from croatia , but i 'm in contact with some people who regularly visit intercon . 
  you 're welcome !, 
  larpers not portrayed as social misfits or freaky outcasts . 
  a proper representation of larping instead of very fictionalized account . 
  realistic stories . 
  no funny special effects where they do n't belong . 
  and of course , good camera work , lighting , editing . 
  and it 's one of the main complaints i had about both darkon the movie and monster camp . 
  they could have been much better if they did n't go overboard to portray players as socially awkward people . 
  unfortunately , this did n't stop with the documentaries . 
  role models , lloyd the conqueror , knights of badassdom , all of them featured similar stuff . 
  wild hunt made them look fine , until they started murdering others at which point they were as far from fine as possible . 
  but also sending the `` hey , there 's something wrong with these people '' message . 
  one of the few portrayals that i like and find respectful is in this czech promo movie ( english subtitles available , just need to turn them on on youtube ) : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ej0mjyjbmfw, 
  awesome :d would they be by any chance those three who are making a panel about it on pre-con friday this intercon ? 
   they were really amazing and dedicated players  nice to meet you too , 
  rivalry and `` my larp is more valid than yours '' is certainly a standard issue worldwide . 
  also : player burnout and group dynamics . 
  plenty of interesting drama material there . 
  not to be misunderstood - i would n't mind the occasional weird guy . 
  i believe most of us know ( at least ) one . 
  most larpers i know are not one of those extremities . 
  what i meant was do n't focus the story about `` hey , look at how weird these larpers are '' because there was too much of that in existing movies . 
  you could e.g. 
  mix in a weird person , super hunks/gorgeous girls , an it person , doctor , lawyer , school psychologist , college student , a journalist etc. 
  perhaps one of the players could be e.g. 
  a cop or an army person afraid of his photos being taken because he would n't want his work colleagues to find out what he does in his free time , fearing he 'd be discriminated against ? 
  that stuff actually happens . 
  i agree . 
  looking at myself , i 've got a respectable job , and a wife and a son - i 'd say that counts as fairly normal . 
  of course , i larp with my family - while running a few larps of my own , blogging about them and discussing them on internet  and i can testify that social circles created by larping can be pretty tight . 
  portrayal of women in larp movies is a special problem . 
  a friend of mine did a video review of knights of badassdom regarding those same problems and i agree with her points : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qskjo69uxzg, 
  tons of vampire games in the area ( actually , most developers of the new rules seem to be from seattle ) : http://www.undergroundtheater.org/#!troupes/cupa, 
  calimacil , absolutely . 
  very satisfied with their products . 
  durable , and they do n't require maintenance as latex ones ( spraying etc ) . 
  hello and welcome  larping.org has a list and a description of larps near your area : http://www.larping.org/larps/ on the bottom of that page you 'll also find my article with some starting tips . 
  i 've been larping for 13 years , and i have n't seen any larp which would be quite like the one presented in knights of badassdom . 
  but that 's ok , a lot of larps are different - they can use vastly different structure , pacing , themes , sources of conflict , ways of delivering it , duration , logistics , amenities , fees etc. 
  think of it like different books . 
  look around your area ( and across state borders ) , see what you like . 
  you may even end up playing multiple games , for various reasons . 
  check out http://www.larping.org/larps/ for larps nearest to you . 
  birmingham seems to have some vampire larps . 
  visually or functionally . 
  unless you were preparing for a postapocalyptic larp where you 'd use it for some decor . 
  over the last 2 years i wrote a long series of articles discussing this issue : http://www.crolarper.com/search/label/start%20a%20larp - hope it helps you decide what to do and how  ( and yeah !, 
  go for it !, 
  as a gm , i * love * new players . 
  in general , they tend to be very enthusiastic and accepting of new things . 
  while there 's certainly a sizeable group of more experienced players who also do this , there 's a significant part of them for whom larp has become only one thing in particular , usually game-specific . 
  so shop around , try various larps . 
  do n't let a person from your friend group detract you . 
  people like that are a minority , and you will not find them in every larp out there . 
  larping is for pretty much everyone , in a same way that movies or books are for everyone . 
  you might discover you prefer only some of them , but that 's ok . 
  most of us have our own preferences too , and they are not the same as preferences of other people . 
  wow . 
  an awesome read :d, 
  if they were extras , i 'd be happy for them as that would 've been a paying gig . 
  it 's not like extras have much creative control over a message that the movie gave . 
  heck , if they do n't hire larpers they would probably hire re-enactors . 
  it does n't mean i 'd like the work a lot if it was negative and misleading . 
  also , i kinda liked wild hunt - despite it being misleading about larpers , it actually worked like a movie better than other examples i listed . 
  you put several spaces in front of the line which creates a code section . 
  not really . 
  they 'd be more likely to accept that fate and move on . 
  we do n't use called damage on weapon strikes . 
  the larp i run uses 1 damage for 1h weapons and 2 damage for 2h weapons .
