  i lift in the evenings , often on the same day . 
  it works great , except for the leg day which i often cut short because i do n't have a lot of energy left in my legs after a run . 
  strangely , i find the opposite to be true for running : i might be a tad slower for 2 days after leg day when i 'm running , but running feels like a recovery . 
  i did n't get any issues with running and my upper body training , but that 's why i mostly run steady state . 
  i started running with c25k program , which i would recommend . 
  many hotels have gyms . 
  if yours do n't , check out / r/bodyweightfitness / , their beginner routine and progressions . 
  instead of deadlifts and squats you can do bodyweight squats with progression until you can do one-leg pistol squats . 
  instead of bench press you can do push-up progression until you can do one-arm decline push-ups . 
  it will not fully replace the lifting equipment ( especially its ' ability to fine tune weight ) , but it can give you a challenging workout for those same muscle groups . 
  yes . 
  do both , see what you like more - but since you 're starting , building a base of both strength and endurance will be very helpful in your continued training . 
  it 's important to set a workout you 'll stick with and that you 'll enjoy . 
  set your training goals , whether it 's to cover a certain distance or lift a certain weight - that can help . 
  if i had to choose only one - strength . 
  everything is easier when you 're stronger . 
  train for performance . 
  if weight loss is your primary goal , remember that the best exercise for that is fork putdowns . 
  it 's far easier not to eat 500 calories than to burn them off . 
  cycling shorts are stretchy . 
  i feel bad at times when i ca n't count calories , because i do n't trust myself eating intuitively . 
  those days i tend to eat really little . 
  it might help you if you do the food prep . 
  prepare your meals ( or at least ingredients ) for the entire week at once , store in fridge . 
  you can pre-weigh them so that you know how much you 'll be eating , and you basically do all your counting for a week on one day . 
  as others have already mentioned , you can lose weight only on diet - and actually this is most important part of any weight loss , because it 's far easier to not eat 500 calories than to work them out . 
  however , having said that , exercise is still helpful - and if you want to work out , you can probably still work out other areas . 
  perhaps get a set of adjustable weights ? 
  you can still probably do arms , shoulders , chest , back and abs . 
  you can do many exercises while sitting or lying down . 
  congratulations man !, 
  that 's my starting weight , and my goal weight :d i still have 8 kg over it ... 
  for reference , how tall are you ? 
  i also have some loose skin , although not as much as you so this might not be overly helpful , but i guess every bit would help . 
  my skin was dry and flakey ( especially on my elbows ) so i used the body scrub thing . 
  cleaned the dead cells and slightly tightened my skin . 
  so this might help in combination with other stuff that 's already been mentioned here by other posters . 
  also be sure to drink enough water , and perhaps consider taking fish oil and multivitamin . 
  hey man !, 
  i 'm your height , i 'm weighing 194 and i already lost 44 lbs , still going down and liking it . 
  the best thing to eat for weight loss is ... less . 
  if your mom insists on feeding you junk food , then just eat a part of it and claim you 're not hungry . 
  do not mention weight loss if she ca n't accept it - it 's not something guys usually talk about , and she may end up thinking that you have an eating disorder . 
  be aware that parents are often afraid of their kids being malnourished , and that fear may keep them from seeing reason . 
  say you 're full and stick with it . 
  do not discuss it . 
  or , failing that , get a doctor 's opinion about your ideal body weight . 
  preferrably in writing . 
  if you 're unable to accurately track your calories , err on the side of caution . 
  at 1000 calorie deficit you should be losing 2 lbs a week . 
  anything between 1-4 lbs is normal , if you 're not seeing it on the scale adjust your food intake . 
  regarding workouts , what do you have available ? 
  i run and do some dumbbells at home . 
  as you 're losing weight , do n't expect to get a lot of strength but i 'd recommend some sort of a simple circuit workout to maintain your current level of muscle through the cut . 
  once you 're at your desired weight ( or a bit below it ) you can try a strength or hypertrophy routine . 
  189 cm , or if you prefer feet 6 ' 2.5 '' , 
  unless you have some injury ( better check with a doctor ) , walking/running will actually strengthen muscles and tendons around your ankles . 
  couch to 5k is awesome , but before you start it make sure you can walk for about 30 minutes . 
  check out / r/c25k too , they have a nice faq from which i quote :, 
   if you ca n't complete the program 's first week , then add the following to the beginning of your program :, 
   week -1 : run 30 seconds , walk 60 seconds . 
  repeat . 
   week 0 : run 45 seconds , walk 90 seconds . 
  repeat 3 times . 
   complete each of the above 3 times in a single week and then , either a ) move onto week 1 or b ) complete `` week 0.5 '' below, 
   week 0.5 : run 60 seconds , walk 90 seconds , repeat 4 times . 
  keep your back straight when you run , maintain short steps , strike ground with mid foot instead of your heels and start running very slowly - barely faster than walking . 
  running long distance is very different from sprinting , it 's possible that you tried to run too fast . 
  c25k is more about building distance , you should n't worry about speed while on that program . 
  and keep in mind that if you 're doing weight loss ( if that is the chief cause of your ankle pain ) , 80 % of your results will come from diet . 
  thanks !, 
  you got the same treatment too ? 
  i would n't call what i 've done hard work . 
  i worked out much harder before , but with less results . 
  i just found it much simple to not eat some calories than to burn them out . 
  my stomach adjusted quickly to the smaller portion sizes , and i find it hard to eat what i used to eat before . 
  running turned from painful to enjoyable . 
  with mfp , my weight loss has actually been quite predictable , and i 'd feel bad calling it hard . 
  the hardest part is waiting for weeks and months for the weight to melt off , because i 'm rather impatient , 
  thanks !, 
  and wow , you got some nice loss :d this sub has been very inspirational to me , 
  thank you !, 
  had i known about those changes earlier ( instead of just having some vague idea about them ) , i 'd have made those choices earlier , but better late than never  good luck in your own yourney !, 
  haha !, 
  yeah , it felt a bit silly typing that , but it 's an improvement in my quality of life that was rather unexpected . 
  everyone is free to set their own standards , both regarding what makes them happy and what they find attractive . 
  however , this is not limited to gym guys , or guys at all . 
  many people set their own standards regardless of anyone thinking if it 's appropriate or not . 
  ca n't ( and should n't ) force someone to like what they do n't like . 
  whether that gets them anywhere , and whether they change their opinions at some point is a very individual matter . 
  most of the very fit people i know are in fact some of the nicest , most helpful and encouraging people that i know , so it 's not an `` universal meathead trait '' or anything like that . 
  it depends on an individual . 
  getting under 100 is a serious achievement , and i remember how good it felt when i went under 100  keep it up !, 
  patience is key . 
  your initial weight loss was ** very ** fast . 
  you 've done in 3 weeks what would usually take 3 months . 
  realize that this will take a while to do , and it 's not something you can do in a month . 
  expect a loss of about 2 lbs / week - assuming a 1000 calorie daily deficit . 
  and that 's a general guide , since weight goes up and down so it might be slower at some times and faster at other . 
  it takes time , it 's a marathon , not a sprint - be patient , do n't get frustrated , give it a week or two and see if you 're losing weight .
