  the most expensive larp ever in this country was about $ 30 . 
  this is without full catering , although it may include some drinks or a single meal . 
  to my knowledge , similar pricing levels exist in slovenia , hungary , serbia and bulgaria - they are usually noncommercial larps , on a terrain with no infrastructure , uninsured , you participate at your own risk etc. 
  however , the hidden cost in these is that it often depends on participants to bring good costuming and props , which costs participants extra . 
  i 've been to a few german larps - drachenfest and conquest - and i 'm going to conquest again this year . 
  as a npc - tickets are far cheaper than pc tickets ( for conquest , about 3-4 times cheaper depends on when you buy them ) . 
  never been to a blockbuster larp like cow . 
  too expensive for me . 
  you got that right . 
  most high end costuming takes time and money , which is hard to do on shift system because you 'll need a large variety of roles in a limited time span . 
  and a large storage to store all these costumes can be a real logistical issue . 
  one of our larps also had this same problem , they used simple clothing + cheap masks . 
  some larpers split off from this larp , and they dealt with this issue in various ways . 
  first was larp design - by rethinking how plot is delivered to players and how monsters work , they shrunk the number of costumes needed , which allowed the monsters to wear those costumes for longer , so the costumes could be more elaborate since there was no need to change constantly . 
  second was plot design - it 's far easier to stage an ambush by human bandits , than it is by glowing planeshifting dragonkin bandits . 
  both from perspective of believability and costuming . 
  third was world design - they invented new types of monsters , which had their own , simple , costuming - thereby avoiding comparison between , say , green tabard orc and movie quality uruk-hai . 
  if there are no other points of reference , it 's easy to become the reference . 
  hope these helped . 
  i 'm the author of http://www.crolarper.com, 
  it 's been a while since i updated it , but i 'll do that soon , 
  did he even google the style he got himself involved in ? 
  might be best to offer a few pointers on his technique , this might make him reconsider . 
  even better , bring along a yellow belt from your style who 'll do that . 
  did the other people in your group join when you did , or do you have older students there as well ? 
  if you do , you might ask them if they sparred and when they started to . 
  i researched a bit , and your organization seems to be legit . 
  you 've been training for only 2 months , and there are plenty of legit martial arts who at this point in training do less contact than you . 
  at this point , you need to honestly ask yourself a few questions . 
  what is the timeframe in which you want to be fully sparring ? 
  does it match the timeframe in which `` higher levels go ape shit on each other '' ? 
  i never trained krav maga , but from what i heard about it , i got the impression that one of its ' ideas was to drill in the basics until they become instinctual , to allow you to react to attack without having to think about it . 
  you seem to be going in the right direction for that . 
  if quicker sparring at full speed is what you want , i do n't know . 
  maybe check out bjj , if i 'm not mistaken you roll from day one there and it complements krav maga skillset nicely . 
  but i do n't know any striking art which does full speed sparring so early in the training . 
  well , he does have a point , wrestling techniques are [ not exclusive to humanity . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8lzfeukha58 ), 
  your lifting is similar to mine , but i gained mobility in the same time period . 
  the secret is not in training , but what goes in your mouth - your 35 lbs did that for you . 
  bulking is much more about food intake than about training , and so is cutting . 
  eat 1500-2000 kcal/day less than you do now , lower the lifting volume to 2x5 and do n't increase weight . 
  keep the rest of your training the same . 
  repeat until you reach 15 % body fat or lower . 
  you might lose some strength in the progress . 
  also , if you work out 6 days a week , when do you do practice your art ? 
  from these numbers you seem to be more than fit enough to start martial arts - and either way , one month wo n't make a lot of difference in your training . 
  what exactly is it that you want ? 
  do workout x if you want to get good at workout x. 
  do workout y if you want to get good at workout y. bodyweight exercise is cool , but it will make you lose a lot of your progress from barbells if you stop lifting completely . 
  once you start martial arts , you 'll get your share of bodyweight exercises / calisthenics there . 
  eating fewer calories will make you more tired , and less able to do all workouts that you usually do in a surplus , this is why i recommended lower volume once you begin your cut . 
  maybe you 'll be able to squeeze in some running , it 's good for building up endurance . 
  it 's very centralized , so it 's big in zagreb , barely exists in few other places , and it 's nonexistant in large parts of the country . 
  i do jjj . 
  a lot of my group crosstrains in bjj to improve their ground skills - our own ground game is basically the same as bjj , but we spend most of our time doing standup work so we do n't get much mat time , and these fellow students are very pleased with how bjj complements and improves their skills . 
  we also have some students who used to crosstrain , but due to time constraints chose our school . 
  in general , i suppose it depends on the teacher . 
  if you 're happy with what you 're learning , then why not ? 
  although , the whole `` gi deal '' seems a bit mcdojoish , especially if you already have your own gi ( we use the same as bjjers and generally do n't care about other patches/markings , do n't know if that 's a big deal elsewhere ) . 
  cracked rib , bashed knee , pulled bicep , numerous scrapes and bruises ... and that was only in january , 
  i practice japanese swordsmanship in a local dojo . 
  it does n't translate completely to larp combat , but stance , grip , footwork , and general conditioning / arm strength / strike speed will translate well . 
  so my suggestion would be a form of swordsmanship - hema , fencing , arnis/eskrima/kali , kendo , kenjutsu , or even iaido . 
  although they 're really another hobby and not `` at home '' stuff , this is probably the best way to improve your sword fighting outside of larp itself . 
  check out / r/martialarts, 
  at home , i suggest working on stuff to improve your strength and endurance . 
  if you have weights etc. 
  use them , but even without them you can do bodyweight exercises such as variants of pushups , pullups , handstands , squats , burpees etc. 
  ( these are compound exercises which will hit all the muscles you need to hit for swordfighting ) or go for a run . 
  this will help you get overall stronger , faster , and able to last longer in a swordfight . 
  check out / r/fitness and / r/bodyweightfitness as well . 
  i wrote some [ advice for newbies ] ( http://www.crolarper.com/2014/08/these-10-easy-steps-are-all-you-need-to.html ) as well as about [ running a larp ] ( http://www.crolarper.com/search/label/start%20a%20larp ) on my blog , hope you find them useful . 
  others gave you some good pointers . 
  also be sure to check out cosplayer and improv scenes in your city , they can be another good source for larpers ( other than tabletop roleplayers ) , they might play something or be able to point you in the right direction . 
  you wo n't be able to use that wooden sword if your larp has any sort of contact . 
  i wrote some [ advice for newbies ] ( http://www.crolarper.com/2014/08/these-10-easy-steps-are-all-you-need-to.html ) on my blog , hope you find them useful . 
  do n't buy / build weapons before you talk to the larp organizers about the type / specification of weapons that they allow , because that stuff can differ from larp to larp due to many reasons : price , combat style , ideas about safety , culture of that specific larp etc. 
  and for most larps you wo n't actually * need * armor , unless you * want * to have it . 
  sometimes your choice of armor might be affected by how effective it is in the rules of that particular larp . 
  there might be crafters able to make ( or teach you how to do it ) you some kit ( clothes , armor , weapons ) for a fraction of the store price . 
  welcome to the world of larping , and good luck !, 
  i donated to a few larp crowdsourcing , but they were for larger projects which contributed to the community , not someone 's personal costuming projects . 
  how long will you play the npc ? 
  is it a one-off or ... ? 
  if it 's for larp needs , could the entry fees be used to help offset the cost ? 
  could you downscale ? 
  ( no armor or cheap leather imitation armor , cheap mask etc ) ? 
  i do n't know the english word for it , but perhaps you can make this item - it 's sort of like a backpack , but hard , you carry it in front , and it opens as a tray in front of you . 
  so you always carry your store with you , and customers can browse your goods . 
  regarding the actual goods you sell , here 's a few ideas :, 
  * oils, 
  * creams, 
  * cheap perfume, 
  * tea and/or tisane ( whether in leaf form or already prepared as a drink ), 
  there 's a * lot * of larps in and around chicago , check out [ this list ] ( http://www.larping.org/larps/ ) . 
  go to a few of them , see which you like . 
  you 're not too old to start , i 've had people in their late 50s who joined a larp for the first time in their lives and had a blast . 
  good luck and have fun :d, 
  idv patent is linked on the gofundme page .
