   complete each of the above 3 times in a single week and then , either a ) move onto week 1 or b ) complete `` week 0.5 '' below, 
   week 0.5 : run 60 seconds , walk 90 seconds , repeat 4 times . 
  please check out the faq if you have n't already . 
  1 ) for specific recipes , see / r/eatcheapandhealthy, 
  2 ) you seem to have decent equipment at home . 
  how heavy can you make your barbell ? 
  check out various workout programs in the faq . 
  since you 're new to workout , pretty much everything you do will work to lose weight and gain muscle . 
  stick to one of the well known programs . 
  but remember , most of your weight loss will come from the food . 
  i 'm gon na say reduced food intake will do the majority of the job of weight loss . 
  when i do cardio , most of the time i do liss - the simple reason is that for me it does n't wreck the recovery from my strength training . 
  hiit does . 
  since you already joined the gym , i would suggest alternating weight training ( with free weights and/or machines ) with liss . 
  that way you could probably do more training overall and better preserve your muscle as your weight drops ( from reduced food intake of course ) . 
  squats , deadlifts and lunges did it for me . 
  that and running itself . 
  several months ago i made a mistake of running much longer than i was used to , and it hurt my left knee . 
  took me a few weeks to recover . 
  but next time i ran a similar distance , i did n't get nearly as much issues . 
  by the third time i was fine . 
  just take it slow and careful and do n't rush things . 
  you 'll get there - sooner than you think . 
  depends . 
  your weight loss is about how much you eat . 
  protein shakes can be useful to preserve your muscle mass as you lose weight - if you weight train and if you 're still in deficit . 
  if you do your strength training well , you probably wo n't have enough strength to do an effective hiit immediately after anyway . 
  lift heavier and do liss after you drain your strength . 
  short answer : after . 
  long answer : while you train your muscles will consume energy from sugar . 
  muscles will not be built during workout - they will be built during rest . 
  if you want to build muscle , make sure you 're over your tdee , and that you had enough protein to eat that day . 
  when you eat it matters far far less than the fact that you actually ate it , though current experience suggests that it is slightly more beneficient to eat it after workout . 
  yeah . 
  repair happens when you sleep . 
  i avoid caffeine before run and warm up properly so that i sweat a lot . 
  this helps a lot . 
  probably not . 
  got any time off duty / off base when you could buy extra food ? 
  considering the nature of the moves , i 'd probably add chinups/pullups to the pull day and dips to the push day . 
  can you get some cheap protein powder ? 
  or other cheap food rich in protein , such as eggs , fish , beans , lentils etc. 
  what 's your body fat percentage ? 
  it 's possible that you could improve the situation by building muscle while shredding some of the body fat that 's there . 
  getting bigger pecs would certainly improve how that area looks - it certainly did for me after losing 60 lbs . 
  if you have a more severe case , however , surgery might be required . 
  getting 404 on the pic . 
  check out / r/c25k for a good program to start running . 
  but see the doc about your knee first . 
  30 lbs achievable by the end of october ? 
  nah , unless you amputate something . 
  if you eat 1k cal deficit , that 's doable by the end of the year . 
  it will take consistency and patience if you wan na do it . 
  do it , 
  a good workout regime will do a lot for you . 
  your leg strength will improve with squats . 
  read the wiki . 
  if you have no access to gym and weights ( and want to do bodyweight exercises only ) , check out / r/bodyweightfitness /, 
  same time as you . 
  i weigh myself every day , but i average my weekly weight . 
  that 's my reference number . 
  various training plans promised me it would be possible to run a hm in autumn if i start in spring . 
  they were true . 
  i 'm not really a fast runner - i was overweight when i started c25k , and i lost 20 kg ( 44 lbs ) since then . 
  my training plan after c25k was not the smartest one , nor the most dedicated one - i increased my weekend run , my long run . 
  most of it was gradual , but there were times when i increased it by a lot and ended up feeling completely beaten . 
  i also crosstrained a lot - bodyweight exercises , free weights and martial arts . 
  i ran a few cheap/free races in the meanwhile :, 
  april - a 5k while i was still on c25k , i ran it instead of w4d3 - it was hard and i walked a few bits but i made it, 
  september - a 5k hill run , a 3k flat run , and a 6.4 k terry fox run, 
  but my big goal was the zagreb half-marathon , in zagreb , croatia . 
  and i did it !, 
  here 's how it went for me ( included some landmarks here ) :, 
  i tapered my runs for last 3 weeks , slept a lot , carb-loaded ... yeah let 's get ready . 
  but damn , it was going to rain . 
  i dressed for the race - nothing made of cotton ( well except for shoes which i used ) , long sleeves and leggings . 
  going to the race , it was uncomfortably chilly in the 11 celsius weather with light rain and occasional gusts of wind . 
  arrived to race start , got under some roof where there was no wind shelter and thought how i should have brought a trashbag with a hole for my head prior to the start of the race in order to keep dry and warm . 
  since science says you ca n't get pneumonia from being wet and cold - only hypothermia - i decided to go for that instead of my family 's warnings . 
  went to the start line and it was n't that bad , there was music , excitement and plenty of hopping to keep ourselves warm . 
  race started . 
  race :, 
  * started from square of ban jela\u010di\u0107 , going east almost to dubec, 
  * my goal time was 2:30 , and there were several pacemakers - but none with that time . 
  closest were 2:20 and 2:40, 
  * started with 2:40 pacemaker but they were far slower than i felt capable so i pushed on, 
  * due to rain there were far fewer crowds than last year, 
  * took me about 3 km to warm up , then i was no longer cold and i could only think of how rain was awesome . 
  divine . 
  blissfully cooling and refreshing . 
  * ignored 1st refreshment station ( just after kvatri\u0107 ), 
  * overtook the 2:15 pacemaker , wtf am i going this fast ? 
  * took a piece of banana at 2nd refreshment station ( av . 
  * encountered a former colleague whom i met on start line !, 
  started running with her, 
  * she had a running watch and said we were running at 6 min/km , whoa !, 
  maybe a bit too fast, 
  * turned at dubec , at just a bit over 1/3 of the race ( 7.8 km ), 
  * took a bottle of water on 3rd refreshment station ( same as 2nd ), 
  * the run felt like it slowed down , i considered speeding up and whether that was the right choice ... a mix of `` it 's a bit boring '' , `` it feels slow '' and `` am i going to make it '' ?
