  linen is awesome for your lower layers ( i usually buy my linen cloth at ikea ) . 
  cotton is less ideal , but it can work . 
  avoid synthetic fabrics . 
  halberds are awesome , especially if you can make a formation like a pike wall . 
  or if you can get yourself in a second row after a shield wall line . 
  i like the halberd head made by calimacil . 
  best to check what 's allowed at your larp , since there are larps disallowing certain weapon build styles . 
  ca n't help you there . 
  larp groups can be very different from one another . 
  if you know someone who knows them , better to ask them . 
  ymmv, 
  is this ok with the larp in question ? 
  this might or might not fit their setting . 
  and even if it is , are you ok with sticking out like a sore thumb if everyone else is playing medievalish characters ? 
  how does your group fit in the ic story ? 
  be sure to figure out relationships and story between the characters as well as group and personal goals , entering play like that is much more fun than entering as a blank slate . 
  my all-time favorite character was a warrior-priest character whom i played for 9 years . 
  lots of character development . 
  he got executed by some players who were playing murderhobo characters on a power trip . 
  basically , the whole thing made me question getting overly attached to characters . 
  so i did n't do that anymore . 
  i played dozens of different characters over the past few years . 
  i liked different things about them . 
  one was a cheerful and seducing ( but power-hungry and depraved ) diplomat . 
  one was a swordsman , who was an immature son of a noble . 
  one was a healer , bitter about his own shady past and the loss of those he could n't heal . 
  these three are possibly my favorite characters that i played over the last four years ( in different larps ), 
  thanks once again for your suggestions , they have made it into final version which is available [ here ] ( https://docs.google.com/document/d/1tqun7jrppkxh2ayudndkhwzorjmsi0yvly91pz9ca2y/edit ) . 
  thanks once again for your suggestions , the final version is available [ here ] ( https://docs.google.com/document/d/1tqun7jrppkxh2ayudndkhwzorjmsi0yvly91pz9ca2y/edit ) . 
  the way armor works against 2h weapons , spells and arrows has been redesigned and simplified . 
  while the points value did n't change , heavy armor is now twice as effective as it used to be against these attacks , which now ignore light armor ( i assume that more than half of the larp 's combat characters will use these weapons , so it will be worth it ) . 
  i wrote some [ tips ] ( http://www.crolarper.com/2012/09/cold-weather-larping.html ) back in 2012 . 
  for your specific case , my guesses are :, 
  * tent or cabin ? 
  if tent , put more stuff under your sleeping bag for insulation . 
  if cabin , is it perhaps badly insulated ? 
  * do you get wet or sweaty ? 
  moisture near your skin tends to hasten your heat loss . 
  * are your clothes too tight ? 
  low circulation = you 'll feel cold . 
  * it sounds like hot air is escaping somewhere , somehow . 
  the usual suspect area is the head hole in your sleeping bag , it might be too big and cause your hot air to escape , like bellows . 
  use spare clothes or fleece blankets to stuff that hole , or get one of those sleeping bags where only your face is visible . 
  remember : your body heat is the main source of heat , you need to trap that heat close to your body . 
  * make sure you drink enough water , then drink some more . 
  if you 're dehydrated , you 'll shiver . 
  * eat something before you get to sleep . 
  if your digestive system is working , it will generate more heat . 
  * do jumping jacks or something for a few minutes before you go to sleep , this will make sure you generate extra heat . 
  yes , you can . 
  the player number on larps where i had fun ranged from 3 to 9000  so it 's doable . 
  over the years , i wrote a [ series of articles ] ( http://www.crolarper.com/search/label/start%20a%20larp ) which might be of help to you and other new gms . 
  the last article talks about various ways of how plot can be structured and delivered . 
  in my experience , with 8 people there 's little room for spontaneous play . 
  personally , i would design this by giving them all personal quests and backgrounds , which would cause them to interact together without a need for npc plot - if you wish to make it a npc plot with yourself playing various roles , making it in a linear fashion is probably simplest . 
  wear the costume of a character you 'll be playing and you should be fine . 
  great writing should be interesting , with plot twists and greater complexity , but still easy enough for your audience to follow . 
  meanwhile we 're having a heat wave in europe . 
  short sleeve weather . 
  something like [ this ] ( http://www.mytholon.com/zubehoer/geschirr-besteck-messer/9297/gudrun-brattopf-klein?c=39 ) ? 
  it 's mid-20 's here now . 
  that 's like mid-70 's in freedom units . 
  maybe try asking players who have them then ? 
  my friend has an awesome tiny copper cauldron . 
  he found it at a local flea market . 
  maybe check these out . 
  shield / weapon / gear safety is always a big question in larp , and something that will depend on the particular larp you plan to bring it to . 
  in most larps i know of , this would n't be allowed . 
  nice abs on lorica . 
  is the armor hardened and actually protective ? 
  that depends . 
  how much silver do you have on yourself ? 
  i have a system which ca n't fail , but i could use a sponsor . 
  we split our winnings , 70-30 . 
  why ? 
  you 'll pay for it as much as you would for a galvanized steel chainmail , only it will not look as good , it wo n't perform as well , it wo n't actually be functional and it will stain your skin and clothes silvery-grey . 
  not worth the weight reduction . 
  how much does an aluminium chain cost then ? 
  btw , [ mytholon shops to uk ] ( http://www.mytholon.com/en/armour/chain-mail/chain-mail-shirts/ ) . 
  it can probably save you some cash . 
  you do n't want to spar full contact with bokkens . 
  not only can they break bones , but during bokken to bokken contact they can also shatter in a nasty way and splinters can end up in places you really do n't want them to end . 
  stuff you can practice with bokken are solo katas and paired exercises . 
  personally , i study tenshin shoden katori shinto-ryu style kenjutsu , but that one does n't really have a lot of videos or explanations online . 
  kendo stuff does though , and you can find a lot of free info as well . 
  it has a [ paired kata which you can find online ] ( http://www.blackbeltwiki.com/kendo-katas ) , with videos and descriptions . 
  often encountered with kendo is the seitei iaido style , with 12 standardised seitei-gata forms which you can find [ here ] ( http://www.kampaibudokai.org/seitei.htm ) , and you can also find them performed on youtube . 
  this is not sparring , but this should be enough to practice techniques , common responses , cutting , nukitsuke , chiburi , noto etc. 
  for resistive sparring , go with shinai + bogu , fukuro shinai , or as a cheapest option build some boffers . 
  and if you have a chance , get some training , it will help . 
  do n't get me wrong . 
  i , and others on this thread , are merely stating the fact that a bokuto / bokken is neither designed or well-suited for sparring . 
  if you wish to spar , there are better options which will be safer and more durable . 
  to explain better , these systems ( kenjutsu , iaido , kendo ) are originally designed to prepare you to fight with katana . 
  a bokken is merely a cheaper and safer substitute tool for practice , but you still practice some cuts which would in reality require a sharp edge to work . 
  you might note that many of the techniques from kata involve moves like a head cut or a throat jab . 
  in paired kata , these are practiced with control and stopping , but with even light sparring these will be dangerous if you 're not protected . 
  we do n't use shinai in my dojo , but when we have slightly more blade-to-blade contact , we use short staves ( hanbo ) of equal length to our bokkens . 
  these handle almost identically to bokkens ( grip is slightly different ) , but they 're way cheaper because there 's much less craftsmanship involved , and we tend to duct tape them to prevent splinters flying off or rubbing themselves against our training partners . 
  if you insist on using bokkens , i would advise that you at least invest in minimum head and hand protection if you go that route ( e.g.
