  keep working out , eat vegetables , vitamins , omega-3 heavy food etc. , use oils and lotions to keep your skin soft and elastic to minimise the risk . 
  beans and tortillas are perfectly fine food . 
  but beware of quantity . 
  weight loss is n't so much about eating , as it is about not eating . 
  smaller portions , and track what you eat . 
  if you 're looking yourself in the mirror , your eyes can deceive you . 
  take before and after pics , and compare after sufficient time has passed . 
  if you 're losing weight and working out , i guess you 're losing body fat but you should measure it yourself . 
  if you do n't have calipers , there 's the measuring tape method that gives a reasonable estimate . 
  it depends on what sort of cardio you do . 
  if it 's low intensity steady state cardio , you should be fine . 
  if you 're doing hiit ( sprints , intervals etc ) , your cardio recovery might interfere with gym recovery . 
  are you doing keto to avoid all sorts of carbs ? 
  eating a couple of tortillas wo n't mess up your insulin levels , eating a truckload will though . 
  however , [ beans are awesome ] ( http://www.bodybuilding.com/fun/nutrient-popup.php?id=16027 ) - their carb content is mainly complex carbs and fiber . 
  ah , that explains it . 
  i also come from a carb-heavy culture . 
  in croatia , we eat tons of bread with everything , most people eat 100-200g with every meal . 
  i lost 23 kg ( 50 lbs ) in the past year - including 35lbs in the past 4.5 months - and made strength gains along the way ( noob gains , but still gains ) on a 1000 kcal deficit , while still eating a carb heavy diet . 
  got from over 30 % bodyfat to 17 % . 
  as a matter of fact , i just returned from a beach vacation where i ate 50-150g of bread daily , and ice cream almost every day ... still lost 2 kg ( 4.5 lbs ) in 3 weeks . 
  my diet is quite heavy in legumes , some grains ( oats , barley ) and olive oil ... that stuff keeps me full for a long time . 
  also note the east asian nations , which are generally thin while eating very rice-heavy meals . 
  i 'm glad keto worked for you , but it 's not the * only * answer for weight loss . 
  i posted what worked for me , and it worked well . 
  op mentioned having trained for a marathon and going to the gym ... seems to me op is quite active as well . 
  remember that it 's a marathon , not a sprint . 
  log everything to make sure you 're on the right track ( i use myfitnesspal ) , arm yourself with patience and you should see some progress every week or so . 
  ( on most of the weeks ), 
  eh , not necessarily . 
  i had periods when i was over 230 lbs , i worked out like crazy and i could n't drop weight . 
  my mistake was that i was eating it all back . 
  i was aware of how much i 'm working out , but unaware of how much was i really eating ( i thought i was eating 1500 calories less than i was actually eating ) . 
  food scale and mfp changed it for me . 
  try tracking your calories in myfitnesspal . 
  make sure you 're tracking everything you eat - even if you eat over your goals , go and log it all . 
  this should help you raise awareness of how much you 're eating , and give you clear goals in sight . 
  and drink a lot of water . 
  a lot . 
  feel hungry ? 
  have a cup or 2 of water , and ask yourself in 5 minutes if you 're still hungry . 
  lchf helps control epilepsy . 
  the rest of your list is managed by weight loss in whatever way . 
  watching what i eat was hard for a bit , and then it became easy . 
  fullness is not something that is constant . 
  when i ate a lot , i needed a lot of food to feel full . 
  nowadays lower portions get me full , and old portions get me sick . 
  `` do n't count calories , eat lchf until you 're full to lose weight '' does n't work for everyone - i 'm glad it apparently worked for you , but i know several people for whom it did n't work . 
  the sense of fullness is very individual . 
  follow your goals !, 
  and do n't care about what people on fb say . 
  some of them are uneducated on the subject , and to them any caloric restriction sounds like anorexia . 
  others are trying to compliment you , and they 're not realizing that it 's not something you need to hear just now . 
  and some people have insecurities of their own , and are exhibiting the crabs in a bucket mentality ... trying to hold you down so that they do n't feel bad in comparison . 
  if you 're used to fried/salty/sweet food , do n't worry - your taste buds will adjust . 
  took me about a month of eating healthy food to start craving it . 
  now i find it hard to enjoy junk food . 
  perhaps vary the recipe a bit , e.g. 
  try a new salad ingredient or dressing , or a new way for eggs , or put some fruit in your oatmeal . 
  lift !, 
  you can also do some low intensity steady state cardio , it does n't interfere with lifting recovery or vice versa . 
  usually in the morning , but with the heat wave i ran last evening since mornings are getting hotter and i do n't feel like waking up at 5 am just to escape the heat . 
  i use mfp . 
  it has more stuff that i use for free , more local food in the database , and syncs with the runkeeper app that i use . 
  but whatever works for you . 
  i weigh myself daily , sometimes more than once to see how my weight shifts during the day . 
  but i log my weight into mfp only once a week ( fridays morning for me ) , and use the last one i logged as my reference weight . 
  say you 're full , and do n't finish your plate ... yes , it can be hard but it 's often the only way , it 's easier to say you 're full when there is food left on your plate than when you eat it all and say you 're full . 
  be sure to eat slowly , chew a lot and take your time - it will make you feel fuller and help increase perception that you ate enough . 
  save the leftovers for later , get an extra meal out of them . 
  yeah , it happened to me as well . 
  give it 2 weeks on your current program , it should sort itself out . 
  10 lbs is doable in a month at a 1k cal daily deficit . 
  i did n't lose my `` last '' 10 pounds yet , although i am at my goal weight from 1 year ago ... but in the meantime i shifted my goal weight lower . 
  i guess that can happen too . 
  i 'm a guy and i also had self esteem issues ... actually , losing weight helped me a lot with that . 
  not so much the weight loss itself , but the new levels of physical ability that came with that . 
  for me it was not the number on the scale or the size of my pants , or even the fact that i 've gone from xl to m. . . it was the fact that i could n't run 100m without feeling like dying , and now i can run 10 km with no issues at all . 
  and the fact that i can do pull-ups , which i could have never done before . 
  setting previously impossible goals for myself and then achieving them helped me a lot , and i 'm beginning to appreciate the body that i 'm finally taking care of . 
  your lean mass gain is not realistic for that time frame . 
  an average woman ( without using steroids ) can expect to gain [ between 0.5 and 1 lbs of lean mass per month ] ( http://www.aworkoutroutine.com/how-much-muscle-can-you-gain/ ) - and that 's when you 're bulking . 
  your lean mass gain might be achievable by a guy in that time frame ... if he was bulking all the time . 
  weight loss part is easy , you can do it in a month or so and there will be an improvement in your bf % as well as long as you work out . 
  remember that your lean mass wo n't increase at a caloric deficit , which is needed for weight loss ( unless you 're very new to exercise ) . 
  if you 're gon na be on a cut , with a goal of 1000 calorie deficit , assuming you 'll hit it on most of the days , in 6 months you can probably expect something like :, 
  * weight : 115 lb, 
  * lean mass : 95 lb, 
   it seems when i reduce the portions of my meals and increase the number of meals i get so hungry the next day, 
  the same happened to me , so i did the opposite : skipping meals . 
  check out intermittent fasting , it helped me reduce my calorie intake . 
  your workouts seem fine , but 7 days a week ? 
  it would be helpful to incorporate a rest day ... and remember that it 's way easier to not eat some calories than to sweat them out . 
  for me , food stopped being a reward . 
  i just stopped thinking about it , it came naturally . 
  i 'm more likely to think of a good run as a reward , especially if i beat my old distance , speed , or see some new sights along the way . 
  eat half of what you currently eat . 
  eat nothing after the gym ( save that for your bulk phase ) . 
  read wiki and faq . 
  check out / r/bodyweightfitness /,
