  but rings themselves adjust to the shape , as rings can go tighter and more dense . 
  too small maille would n't actually work well irl , because it would reduce link density and flexibility . 
  suggestions :, 
  * add gambeson below , it will add a few inches, 
  * tie with a belt, 
  * add a surcoat , it looks cool , protects the maille , and hides any undesirable visual looseness, 
  i do n't expect that really . 
  i had a blast at lvl 1-50 . 
  i felt there was far less to do in silver , and that part of the game was way less fun for me . 
  but that was vanilla , so i 'm curious how many of these things are resolved now . 
  i have no problem with things taking time , as long as the journey itself is fun . 
  that does sound better . 
  thanks !, 
  thanks !, 
  plenty of stuff here that i had no idea existed , like no cp campaigns , 
  yeah , it just hit me . 
  have n't seen anything soulbound or level restricted so far but have n't given it a second thought until now ... 
  gave a few buffs back to spread the love . 
  thanks !, 
  ah , that explains it - when i rolled another character i wondered why wolves aggro me , 
  the class did seem like a little bit of everything , that 's why i rolled it , 
  thanks , 
  rolled an iksar necro alt , looks cool so far , 
  thanks for the help , that part is amazing , 
  thanks !, 
  this one is very different from the stuff i previously played , 
  last session i got a buff that increased my hp tenfold , i was stunned . 
  most other mmos it would be like 10 % , not 10x . 
  it is , at twice the price . 
  have n't played ffxiv , so keep that in mind . 
   is this game worth for completely new players after 12 years since it first came out ? 
  it 's an awesome time to start really . 
  warlords of draenor got rolled in the main game , so you can get it cheaply . 
  next expansion hits in 2.5 months , which is enough to get at least one character to max level even at a casual pace , see some content and get ready for the next expansion . 
   i heard that wow and ffixv are very similar but that wow has way more content in general since it 's an old mmo . 
  five expansions so far , there 's a lot to explore and do . 
  since xp was boosted since the game started , and there are different zones and other ways to level , you wo n't see it all . 
   does this game follow a main story and all content is locked out until i complete the main story quests ? 
  only if you play a worgen , goblin or pandaren char , but even then you get to main world in a couple of hours of playing , around lvl 10 or so . 
  each zone has a specific story , mostly independent but also tied in with other stories , but you can complete it or just go do anywhere else . 
   i might enjoy wow a bit more since it has world pvp and i love that . 
  there 's world pvp on a pvp server , there are also objective-based pvp zones like ashran for mass pvp , as well as battlegrounds and arenas . 
  lots of options . 
   how can the endgame content compare to ffxiv in terms of difficulty ? 
  never played ffxiv , but current endgame raids in wow have scalable difficulty levels : lfr , normal , heroic and mythic . 
  it 's relatively easy to see all the content in lfr , wipes rarely happen . 
  but as you crank up the difficulty level , there are new mechanics to master and fights get progressively more difficult , and with better loot . 
  so you have several options to play - whether you 'd just like to see the content casually on easymode , or dedicate yourself to hardcore raiding for hours every day , or anything in-between really . 
   i play on aggramar which is a us based server . 
  i would help you and run you through , but unfortunately the aggramar i play on is on eu , and has been since game launched . 
  many servers share names across regions . 
  good luck finding a group/boost !, 
  or if you feel like waiting , you can prolly solo vanilla stuff once you get to your 80s . 
  it 's not , he actually needed only 4986 crystals . 
  he did the math . 
  4985 is inadequate . 
  4987 is of course absurd . 
  do n't worry about it too much . 
  i resubbed recently after a long break , and started taking my resto druid alt through tbc content . 
  that char was well-geared , had a mix of t1 , t2 , zg and aq20 gear back from raiding in vanilla , and i still had difficulty healing early 5man tbc dungeons . 
  heck , healing heroics at 100 is ( currently ) way easier , even in mostly blue gear . 
  it 's mostly because of the tanks who got used to pulling several groups at once because the heirloom group heavily outgears all the instances at most levels . 
  however , in early tbc content this is not the case . 
  you should be fine in a level or 2 , because even with no looms you 'll gear up drastically from drops and dungeon quest rewards , and tanks will get above lvl 60 and get better gear themselves , which will help a lot too . 
  heirlooms wo n't make a big difference in your viability , only in your leveling speed . 
  dungeon loot is enough to keep you viable . 
  from a mechanical standpoint , pick a druid as one of your classes as it 's the only one which can provide any of the 4 core gameplay experiences ( tank , melee dps , ranged dps , healer ) so you wo n't get bored or vulnerable to gameplay nerfs , plus it 's cool to play , has a lot of rp potential , and cool things you can do . 
  i miss having the travel form on my non-druid characters :d, 
  between the two , racials are very comparable but i believe worgen is better due to darkflight . 
  locks have very limited mobility ( until lvl 60 when you get to spec burning rush ) so darkflight is very useful . 
  that depends entirely on what do you want to do and what you find fun . 
  you can have a sort of `` endgame '' with a character even on a free account :, 
  * get riding skill and a mount, 
  * max your professions ( yes , fishing and archaeology too ), 
  * run all available dungeons for gear, 
  * pvp in battlegrounds ( or go to opposing faction 's starting areas pvp-enabled , just for fun ) , get some honor gear, 
  * try other specs, 
  * do other starting areas quests for story and achievements, 
  * collect other mounts , toys and pets, 
  * explore the world, 
  or play alts . 
  some items ( mounts , toys , pets ) are shared between them . 
  whether it 's worth it depends entirely up to what you find to be fun ... 
  priests , druids , paladins , shamans and monks can all heal or dps . 
  in addition , druids , paladins and monks can also tank . 
  all of them are decent at these jobs , play something you feel you 'll enjoy . 
  all classes have been re-hauled several times since wotlk . 
   it 's no coincidence that most people back in vanilla loved the scarlet monastery, 
  maybe hordies . 
  running all the way from southshore , with no mount , was horrendous . 
  even worse when some people did n't have fp and were running all the way from menethil harbor . 
  brd was problematic in late vanilla . 
  it became almost impossible to get a group for anything other than emperor run . 
  regarding graphics and boss mechanics yes , but i believe this post is not about that . 
  i think i 've been to brd only once or twice pre-60 . 
  did a lot of maraudon , sunken temple and lbrs at 50-59 though . 
  only once `` did the entire thing '' in brd , and it took many many hours to do so . 
  was not an experience i 'd want to repeat , but i 'll probably always remember it . 
  damn , it 's been nearly 11 years ... 
  probably a typo .
