  i already have . 
  besides , if * any * sd/ma system is promising that you 'll be effective against knives , guns and multiple people , they 're lying to you . 
  these are some very last resort techniques , applicable in a very few actual situations , and relying on them to keep you safe will get you wounded or dead . 
  but if you really want to take on multiple opponents and/or armed people , i hear army 's recruiting ... 
  hi and welcome !, 
  lots of stuff happening in socal , you might want to check out http://www.larping.org/larps/, 
  personally i prefer calimacil gear , it 's safe , looks good and it 's extremely durable . 
  a bit more expensive than cheapest latex weapons , but will be well worth it because they last for years . 
  however , they might or might not be acceptable for use in your larp - different larps have different ideas about contact and style , and some might require a weapon of a different design . 
  it 's best to check with the larp in question . 
  some actual examples of larps i 've been in :, 
  * one of them required boffer style weapons of specified minimum dimensions , with cloth cover , and deemed them safer than latex or calimacil weapons, 
  * one of them required latex or calimacil weapons , and deemed them safer than homemade boffers, 
  * one of them was a star wars larp and used plastic lightsabers used in semi-contact fashion and nerf blasters , neither of them acceptable in other larps, 
  * one of them required real-looking weapons , best if they were of metal for realism purposes , but striking with them was n't part of that larp, 
  so best to check with the larp in question , because however awesome spending some money on a new sword is , being able to use it is even more awesome , 
  smallest larp i 've been to was with 3 people . 
  largest was with about 9000 . 
  both worked well , 
  according to their faq , arcane has actual props they hand you as treasure , and they 're of a `` bring it home , it 's yours '' kind . 
  even weapons and armor . 
  i guess that bumps up the price point . 
  i 've been on larps costing $ 0 and $ 200 where i have n't felt sorry for the money spent because i got an awesome experience from it . 
  i guess the real measuring stick is if what you pay is worth that much to you . 
  i played a larp which represented mana in a physical way only once , and they used ribbons on your belt which you 'd tuck in as they were used . 
  but most of the larps i played in had no such system . 
  few of the larps i played in just had you simply remember the number . 
  one used a vancian magic system , where you 'd prepare a number of spells you 'd use , and each of them would be usable several times per play . 
  another used a cooldown system where you would n't be limited by mana , but you 'd be unable to cast for a while after casting a single spell . 
  another larp had a purely ritual-based magical system . 
  i wrote a piece for new players [ here ] ( http://www.crolarper.com/2014/08/these-10-easy-steps-are-all-you-need-to.html ) , you might be able to use something from it . 
  i 've been working out regularly for about year and a half now , but i always sucked at pushups . 
  at bench press too . 
  both of these were far below other stuff i can do or lift . 
  i did improve my pushups , but they 're still below the level they need to be . 
  however , several months ago i started some martial arts , my first belt test is approaching , and for that i have to be able to do several kinds of push-ups . 
  * regular pushups - on hard floor , plyo variant on mats - i can do more than the required number already , with good form - however , i started the 100 pushups challenge ( new version - submaximal sets , train every day , gtg ) , and i 've been wondering if i should spend extra time doing inverted rows or similar exercises to compensate for any potential imbalances ? 
  * knuckle pushups - on hard floor , plyo variant on mats - i can do only 1-2 reps due to a lot of pain in my knuckles and fingers whenever i try them , even on mats - most of the people i trained with seem to not have had this issue . 
  got any tips on that ? 
  i need to be able to do at least 10 reps with good form . 
  * hindu pushups - i need to be able to do 6 good reps , but i usually do n't manage to do even one with proper form - i collapse on one side when going down , but otherwise i can finish the reps with bad form . 
  any advice would be welcome . 
  also , not related to that but one day i 'd like to be able to do handstand pushups . 
  but i ca n't seem to progress to freestanding handstands , i have balance issues . 
  i can do wall handstands ( but with one part of my foot touching wall ) , and since recently i 've been able to do a tripod headstand but i find freestanding handstand still eludes me . 
  thanks for any help . 
  hi there . 
  i wrote some materials which could potentially help you . 
  first of all , i wrote a [ series of articles on larp design and starting a larp ] ( http://www.crolarper.com/search/label/start%20a%20larp ) , there might be of some assistance to you . 
  second , i ran several larps in some ways similar to what you 're describing - a pervasive larp with extradimensional beings possessing peoples bodies - and if you wish , full documentation is available [ here ] ( http://izgon.crolarper.com/ ) . 
  all rules are licenced under creative commons , so you can reuse any ideas you like . 
  you might also find it useful to google for larpwriter summer school . 
  it 's a week-long course about larp design , and their materials are also available for use . 
  good luck , 
  thanks for the comprehensive answer !, 
  i have a couple of months to go before the test , so i still have some time . 
  regarding the hindu pushup , there are several versions available online , we do [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vqsqaie0nqo ) version . 
  my downward dog is almost ok ( my heels do n't go low enough , but it 's not crucial for the test ) . 
  my problem area is after i collapse the downward dog to go into the movement . 
  my forearms are supposed to go down parallel to the floor while i do the motion with my upper body , but i find this part difficult at the moment and i just crash down with my elbows , and usually on the side . 
  what are suspended seals ? 
  do they require rings/trx ? 
  if it 's not meant to hit people , do n't use pool noodle because you wo n't get nice results with it , 
  you 'll get far better results for less money and work using papier-m\u00e2ch\u00e9 . 
  [ here you go ] ( http://heythisismyjob.com/2013/09/12/making-an-evil-wizard-staff/ ) . 
  army of another kingdom/dutchy/barony / something ? 
  make them as complex as full characters , with political backstory , lieutenants having their own goals etc. 
  you 've been weight training . 
  you were carrying your own weight 24/7 , and your legs grew more muscular as a result . 
  your calves will shrink - mine did , despite me not wanting them to . 
  calves are notoriously difficult to grow for people who want them to grow . 
  if you 're still losing weight , they will go down after a time . 
  give it a few months , and you 'll achieve a more balanced look . 
  also , look on the bright side of it - while they 're big , they also make you stronger and burn more calories per day . 
  it takes time for change to become visible . 
  it took me about 10 % until the change became apparent to people around me . 
  first people to notice were those who did n't see me every day . 
  measuring tape . 
  use it . 
  even when you do n't see much change , it will still register on the tape . 
  it really depends on your current strength & conditioning level , reps , breaks etc. 
  so it 's impossible to track accurately . 
  200kcal / hr is a rough estimate . 
  best way to see how much it 's burning is to compare it to your expected and real weight loss . 
  sounds good . 
  it took me a year in total to drop 60 lbs . 
  granted , i wasted about half of that time but still , it should be realistically doable in 6-7 months . 
  remember , the best time to get on track was before you got off it . 
  the second best time is now . 
  decide now who you want to be , and you can do it . 
  it 's normal . 
  after i lost weight , people told me that i look 5-10 years younger now . 
  and i feel more vital than i felt 15 years ago , so i guess that checks out . 
  after pic should work . 
  before pics are hosted on fb by a group who made the workout i was on , it was my first workout in a long time . 
  i 'm pretty sure one of them was [ this one ] ( https://scontent-vie1-1.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-xap1/v/t1.0-9/10342420_767318626621974_7882884970623918795_n.jpg?oh=4d0f6184a049656a547da911e02e0df5&amp;oe=576a3f97 ) ( guy in white shirt , middle of pic ), 
  to explain better :, 
  * i started in summer 2014 when i had 108 kg ( 238 lbs ) . 
  * i was at 101 kg ( 222 lbs exactly a year ago ), 
  * at the time of my first post i was 88 kg ( 194 lbs ),
