  you do n't need to kill a player . 
  you need to kill his character . 
  do n't confuse the two , 
  this seems like a complex way which could work , but it could also backfire if the rest of the party does n't cooperate . 
  you may try it . 
  however , how about ** all ** the werewolves focusing him ? 
  perhaps they can smell his fey ancestry , and it drives them to frenzy for some reason . 
  that way he could fall there ... or be taken away for eating . 
  if that fails , you can try the curse thing . 
   how can i help this player have fun ? 
  so ... he 's not having fun ? 
  some people do , despite non-optimized characters . 
  i 'd say offer him a free rebuild , but do n't push it . 
  some players can be touchy after someone suggests that they 're wrong . 
  he 'll probably see it himself when he compares the numbers on the table . 
   the dm should n't have to offer a free rebuild . 
  if someone wants to play something different , make it work . 
  why is this such a big deal at other tables ? 
  i do n't get it . 
  not really a big deal , but it is an option . 
  from the op 's description , the player seems unhappy with how his character works , but he 's touchy about his build . 
  offering a free rebuild would be sort of a diplomatic solution . 
  if the player is touchy , they might secretly want it but would n't directly ask for it if it would seem to mean that they publicly admit making a mistake . 
  if the player takes it , less tension on the table . 
  if the player does n't , well at least that has been cleared up . 
  cha 7 character would probably be unattractive , boring , uninteresting , unpleasant to be around . 
  sort of like that friend we all have that we do n't really want to invite to the party , but if they 're already there just roll eyes and keep on . 
  from core rulebook page 17 and srd :, 
   charisma measures a character 's personality , personal magnetism , ability to lead , and appearance . 
  also , even lower charisma - such as 3 - is within the regular human range . 
  and that 's without the horrible disfiguring diseases . 
  seems to me your gm is having a very very old-school understanding of charisma . 
  you might be better off reminding him that excluding players and disallowing play is not fun for anyone . 
  have n't played al ( not available in my area ) , but i 've played pathfinder society ( which is similar ) , and i 've played a regular book ( full adventure ) . 
  there 's a big difference . 
  running a full adventure is a big campaign . 
  one will easily last you months . 
  all seamlessly connected plot . 
  al adventures are made to be single evening mini-adventures . 
  you could probably stretch them to 2 sessions if you go slowly . 
  they might connect to the bigger story of the season , but in general will follow the format of `` adventurers go somewhere '' . 
  the main draw of al / pfs is being able to just bring your registered character wherever it 's played ( usually a public game ) , and play a single session . 
  it gets recorded , you do n't have to be a regular , and you can play anywhere within your character 's tier . 
  and that is what they do well . 
  playing these scenarios at home is something different . 
  it works ok as a one-shot , or modified as a side adventure . 
  but it 's not a solid background for a campaign , as whatever overarching story they might have , this is actually resolved in the main adventure book . 
  bard . 
  you may also consider criminal or urchin background since you do n't have a rogue . 
  with charisma focus and expertise at lvl 3 + , it 's a top choice for face character bar none . 
  i suggest college of lore , that would also make you an amazing skill monkey , another thing your party lacks . 
  alright  contacted my vc . 
  unfortunately , [ temporary hp do n't work that way ] ( https://twitter.com/jeremyecrawford/status/503958007177166848 ) . 
  sounds like an awesome start , 
  get players to buy the books if they want to play options from them ? 
  also , do n't forget the free resources such as [ elemental evil player 's companion ] ( http://dnd.wizards.com/products/tabletop-games/rpg-products/player%e2%80%99s-companion ) and maybe [ unearthed arcana ] ( http://dnd.wizards.com/articles-tags/unearthed-arcana ) stuff if you want to allow it - although ua is not that playtested . 
  there 's also a ton of homebrew stuff in / r/unearthedarcana if you wish to go that route , but quality and balance varies . 
  also , i suggest that since you 're playing lmop if you 're running custom characters , i suggest using some custom backgrounds from pregens ( or some variant thereof ) for players to better connect with the story . 
  only played one pfs game , but we did have a stealthy ninja who scouted ahead of the party and allowed us to prepare for what was coming . 
  it 's also available to goo warlocks . 
  well , you can also get much better at-will flight at level 1 if you play aarakocra ( eepc , 50ft ) or a winged tiefling ( scag , 30ft ) . 
  not every dm will allow it , but not every dm will allow ua for stormcerer either . 
  we have a similar guy in my group , he 's a boyfriend of one of our regular players . 
  he 's playing a champion fighter , badly  also , my wife is like that in the solo lmop game i 'm running for her ( i created a warlock for her ) . 
  there are a lot of players like that . 
  it 's very common that not everyone on the table is on the same page , or the same interest in learning the depths of the system . 
  my advice would be to help them learn by playing . 
  offer some advice and explanations on what they can do every turn ( and/or secretly ask another player to help you with that ) . 
  they should be able to figure out the basics soon enough . 
  it 's almost like it 's the opposite around here . 
  in our d&d group , girls are the majority of the players - and on average they 're better players than guys . 
  heck , that holds true even outside d&d strictly . 
  my vampire larp group has more women . 
  our pathfinder society is run by a woman vc . 
  that 's a shame :(, 
  in my group , dm 's girlfriend is the player i enjoy playing with the most , though she tends to hog the spotlight more than her fair share :d, 
  did the enemies ever manage to flank pcs ? 
  awesome , enjoy !, 
  and my swords , if i can get to them in time . 
  that messes up your healing , and it 's a heavy nerf to all classes which have abilities which key off short rests ( such as fighters , monks , warlocks etc ) . 
  limiting magic classes can be ok if the setting he 's running is made that way . 
  the debuff thing is weird . 
  make sure you read the combat rules several times . 
  action economy , movement , opportunity attacks etc. 
  have some differences from pathfinder , and relying on your pf system knowledge might make fights run in a completely different way . 
  looks great . 
  creating a functional , non-gimped character is way easier in 5e than in pathfinder , not much to worry about . 
  although , you might want to reconsider your background for rp reasons . 
  waterdhavian noble and barbarian could be hard to fit together . 
  you get 5 asis during your carreer . 
  starting out like you are , i 'd suggest that you take 2 strength asis , great weapon master , and then continue doing constitution asis . 
  this would net you str and con of 24 on lvl 20 . 
  if you wish to go two weapon fighting , i suggest a fighter dip for fighting style . 
  if that is still an option , i suggest changing the name of your desert . 
  as it is , it sounds very similar to a [ certain well-known warcraft location ] ( http://wowwiki.wikia.com/wiki/karazhan ) . 
  using an amulet that gave me alter self , i became a chieftain of a grimlock tribe after challenging and beating up their previous chieftain and one new challenger in a hand-to-hand one-on-one battle . 
  i then proceeded to distract and split the tribe while the rest of my party killed the other half and saved some gnomes from being eaten . 
  yup  you ? 
  awesome . 
  i 'm open hand 6 / rogue 1 / wizard 1 ( for familiar , shield , fog cloud and some cantrips and rituals ) .
