  with some of these brands , i like my drinks more or less milky . 
  but usually i 'll order a macchiato . 
  the coffee should be flavorful and not monotonous , stale or bitter . 
  i use a 4 minute steep time , which is fine for me - although i use pre-ground coffee , which is ground much finer than french press grind should be . 
  i 'd say add more coffee if you feel it 's too weak . 
  in a small 3 dl press , i usually add 3 heaping teaspoons of ( fine ground ) coffee , and i get something that i enjoy drinking black and sugarless . 
  if i make it stronger , i have to use sugar / milk . 
  your water might be too cold . 
  just pour the water directly from kettle immediately after it boils . 
  its ' temperature drops a few degrees when you 're pouring it . 
  try adding an extra spoon of coffee . 
  personally , regarding good coffee : as far as i 'm concerned there does n't have to be huge selection , but what they have has to be good and really well made . 
  i agree on other two points , and i 'd add decor under execution . 
  there are plenty of small demitasse cups with no handles , but since you 're asking for mugs ... hmm , i do n't know to be honest . 
  there are plenty of handle styles - four-finger , single-finger , open , closed , thick , thin etc. 
  perhaps you just do n't own one you like ? 
  you can always use any mug with a handle as a handle-less mug . 
  just grab it on the opposite side . 
  or in a way that your fingertips go through the handle for extra security . 
  that 's what i do when sometimes i do n't feel like using the handle . 
  any way you decide to go , i suggest you try it yourself . 
  everyone is different and has different tastes . 
  exactly . 
  same dosage of coffee does not equal same dosage of caffeine . 
  reasons can vary - they have been mentioned by others in this thread . 
  welcome , 
  turkish coffee pot . 
  [ here you go ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uzafmai-85u ) . 
  not in my part of the world - however , there is a free-to-use coffee grinder in the nearby mall . 
  i might use that one . 
  between 5 minutes and 2 hours . 
  depending on whether i 'm rushed or not . 
  ... and here i am , drinking pos nescafe from a machine at my work simply because it 's free and i 'm too lazy , but mostly because it 's free , 
  how about pre-grinding it in the morning for that day ? 
  if that 's not good enough , well ... hand grinder is the way to go . 
  you can make coffee in anything . 
  there are some coffee brewing tips in the `` customer questions and answers '' on the link above . 
  so it should work . 
  i usually infuse in my french press for 4 minutes , so that 's what i 'd recommend with this too . 
  if that makes too strong coffee , try reducing the amount of coffee in the infuser ( one way or another , it 's probably best if it 's not packed too tight inside ) . 
  the shot is not that clear ( also , the shield covers a lot of your garb ) . 
  what are the materials used ? 
  get a french press ... or grind it even finer and make yourself some turkish coffee . 
  from the description you gave me seems like the kit could get a bit cold ... but of course that would depend on where do you larp and if you had readily accessible indoors . 
  seeming as there 's someone next to you is wearing shorts , i 'd guess not very cold . 
  which is good , 
  shield and cloak look good to me , 
  first thing i 'd add would be a good hat . 
  hats are amazing , whether you 're facing rain , snow or sun . 
  besides , they look cool . 
  or alternatively , get a good helm and some padding ( which helps with warmth as well ) . 
  next , i 'd probably replace the vest since it 's highly visible . 
  probably with wool or fur materials . 
  works wonders against water and wind . 
  for a third step , i 'd add greaves . 
  or leather gaiters . 
  to cover the boots and the pants . 
  fourth step , gloves or gauntlets . 
  my advice is : do n't expect them to be the same , have the same values of focus or ways of doing things . 
  some combat systems give advantage to those who trained better ( awarding actual physical prowess ) . 
  some give it to those who have a higher level , and are supposed to be more powerful in-universe ( by allowing everyone to experience different power levels ) . 
  others primarily reward good acting . 
  it 's not a question of which is better overall , but which is better in order to shape the world and playstyle that its ' designers and writers had in mind - and what they choose to focus on . 
  they wo n't be the same . 
  just like different genres of movies , or different but related sports . 
  enjoy those larps for what they are and what they can offer . 
  around here ( croatia ) mcd changed the formula several years ago - i 'm not sure if it happened worldwide . 
  it used to taste like old socks and sweat and ashes . 
  several years ago , they switched to a new formula . 
  it 's still ashy and kind of sad , but far less offensive than it used to be - even sort of ok when combined with milk and brown sugar . 
  and there 's also mccafe coffee that is tastier - though i have n't yet tried it black and sugarless . 
  btw , have you tried other extraction methods for your coffee ? 
  perhaps some italian classics , such as segafredo , lavazza or illy ? 
  ( i prefer illy ), 
  i switched to black several months ago  i drink turkish and french press . 
  good coffee will taste good when black without any additives . 
  nowadays , i only use milk and sugar when the coffee itself is of questionable quality . 
  yes , cheap coffee with milk and sugar still tastes like cheap coffee . 
  it 's not substitute for a good coffee - i just prefer it more than a cheap coffee that 's black , because sugar and milk help mask the taste into something more neutral . 
  i prefer my good coffee black for the same reason . 
  but sometimes i 'm in a place where i ca n't get good coffee , so i have to settle for something that 's not so good . 
  so i use milk . 
  [ like this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uzafmai-85u ) . 
  you need a very powdery grind , finer than espresso . 
  i am . 
  sugar in turkish coffee is optional . 
  looks good . 
  any reason why that particular setup ? 
  you can probably get setups which are cheaper and more visually resembling one another in materials used . 
  grinder is probably the most critical part - pretty much any kettle and french press will do for fp coffee . 
  hario hand grinders are rather cheap and well rated . 
  however , if you saved your money elsewhere ( e.g. 
  on french press and electric kettle ) , you might want to splurge for baratza encore , which is automatic but well-rated for french press ... [ coffee gear suggestions by price link ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/coffee/wiki/gear_by_price ) has good suggestions for your price range . 
  not from georgia , but i know some guys from [ avegost ] ( http://www.avegost.com/ ) . 
  their fighting is quite vigorous . 
  there are available reusable metal filters ... 
  i have n't tried them myself , but from info available around they change the coffee profile a bit ( you get more oils in ) and make the cleaning process slightly more complex . 
  first , i 'd focus on learning how to pull a good shot from your machine , with your preferred beans . 
  learn what works and what does n't . 
  then practice some milk foaming .
