  french press does not produce such a clear cup , but leaves more oils for a fuller taste . 
  moka pots will produce strong-flavored coffee that resembles espresso . 
  aeropress could produce something between those three , depending on how you set it up you can get very different results . 
  my advice is to also get a small , cheap burr grinder for best results - perhaps hario mini . 
  you 'll find plenty of info in the side links . 
  pair it with good beans for an amazing cup . 
  welcome to / r/coffee , 
  french press and moka pot is my setup too - and i 'm perfectly satisfied with it :d, 
  i would suggest getting a small grinder too . 
  it costs as much as a moka pot . 
  spending $ 30 for one could easily improve your coffee by as much as $ 300 in other gear , if not more . 
  there 's also [ three starbucks shops at hyderabad ] ( http://www.starbucks.in/coffeehouse/store-locations ) . 
  they might have the stuff you need , perhaps even some gear . 
  where do you live ? 
  there are several coffee subscription services which ship beans even where there are no brick and mortar stores , so if you 're reachable by postal service that could work too . 
  ah , these are classic  should work nicely . 
  if maintained , they could last for decades . 
  perhaps you can negotiate it somehow to remain for those two weeks , but with different availability and/or vastly reduced number of hours ? 
  nice suggestions !, 
  i started [ my own ] ( http://iflcoffee.blogspot.com/ ) recently ( mainly inspired by this subreddit , actually ) . 
  drinking coffee and cola is popular here ... but it 's done separatly , not by mixing it into one drink . 
  take a gulp of cola , take a sip of coffee . 
  not a bad combo when done that way . 
  plenty of caffeine buzz . 
  these should be available on amazon ... search for upphetta . 
  i 'm very satisfied with it . 
  however , it 's often too large for the amount of coffee i want to drink so i make half or use my smaller press . 
  so ... what sort of a coffee maker did you get ? 
  automatic drip machine ? 
  pod/capsule machine ? 
  french press ? 
  chemex ? 
  something else ? 
  welcome to the wonderful world of real coffee . 
  a lot of ikea 's inventory - especially small items - can be found on amazon or elsewhere . 
  they also have a stainless moka pot called radig - but i do n't have that one since i have a bialetti-like one . 
  try replacing the gasket with another ( rather than doubling up ) . 
  does it leak in a specific place , or all around the pot ? 
  try it with no coffee , only water . 
  is there any change ? 
  i almost never drink syrups with my coffee . 
  however , you can also combine syrups . 
  to make peppermint mocha , add chocolate syrup and peppermint syrup ( mocha is basically a cappuccino or latte macchiato with chocolate syrup ) . 
  add coffee and stir it together . 
  add milk and foam , perhaps whipped cream . 
  drizzle syrups on top for extra flavor and appearance . 
  combining chocolate and white chocolate is also popular . 
  also remember that you can probably use fruity syrups and sparkling water to get a soda drink , 
  also , make sure you 're filling the water only up to valve level on the lower pot ( and that valve is free ) , and that you do n't have anything blocking the top part ( take bottom part upside down and pour water on the mesh - does the water come through ? ) . 
  it helps if we could eliminate those parts as potential problem sources . 
  re-brewing used grinds is a bad idea . 
  it will extract bitterness and acids which you do n't want to extract , and none of the good stuff . 
  however , if a reuseable k-cup uses more coffee than you 're used to brewing , perhaps it is a stronger cup than you 're used to and you can dilute it with water ? 
  the best thing about pods is that they 're better than instant . 
  however , they 're microwave meals of the coffee world - they work for the people who do n't want to bother with coffee preparation , cleanup ( besides ditching the pod ) or machine maintenance , and few things in the world are simpler than that . 
  if you do n't want the grinder , or are not drinking more than one coffee a week , it 's also ok-ish . 
  these subreddit 's [ primer ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/coffee/comments/ziky8/how_to_coffee_a_primer/ ) and [ gear guide ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/coffee/wiki/gear_by_price ) are a great place to get started . 
  for the price of a pod machine you could get a decent home setup that will produce superior results ( small hand grinder and aeropress or moka pot can produce very espresso-like coffee , which will taste awesome when fresh ) at lower ongoing cost - but it will be slightly more complex than just pressing one button , although still quite easy . 
  if you can and want to make some good coffee , than get that setup instead . 
  another problem is that pods tend to get costly in the long run . 
  you 'll spend a lot of money locked into an expensive proprietary system that will produce mediocre coffee . 
  16 dolce gusto pods are $ 9.49 , which translates to 59 cents for an espresso ( plus water and electric costs ) . 
  or , for that much money you can actually get a pound of ok coffee that will make four times as much espressos which will taste better since they 'll be fresh-ground ... or alternatively , you can get some of the best coffee beans in the world for dolce gusto money . 
  also , with dolce gusto you will not be able to upgrade or get a different taste than those provided unless you replace the entire system . 
  you 're locked in as long as you continue to pay . 
  still think the dolce gusto is worth it ? 
  so did i. i almost bought it . 
  and then i tasted good coffee and realized i could do way better for much less money , and never looked back . 
   - portafilters must be kept hot to preserve energy in order to dissolve everything desired from the coffee grounds, 
  just leave the machine running , it will keep portafilter warm ... 
  but make espresso as soon as you put the portafilter back into machine , so as not to burn it . 
   - a warm/heated cup aids in receiving the espresso, 
  it prevents temperature shock and heat loss . 
   - finer grounds are always better ( ? ), 
  if you go finest ground possible ( turkish ) you 'll overextract . 
  grind needs to be adjusted depending on the coffee , machine itself , weather outside etc. 
  you control the grind , amount of coffee and tamp . 
  your goal should be to make your shot take between 20 and 30 seconds for about 25-30 ml size ( with crema ) . 
  the flow should be observed and timed . 
  others seem fine , 
  step 1 : go to the nearest cafe for coffee to feed my caffeine addiction, 
  step 2 : go to my favorite coffee shop for a comforting espresso, 
  step 3 : pick a bag of fresh beans on my way out, 
  should be fine . 
  the biggest question is your co-workers - whether they 'll know or be willing to learn how to use the machine properly . 
  if not , you may be in for some nasty surprizes . 
  personally , if it was coming out of my pocket i 'd get a large french press and a thermal carafe . 
  maybe a small frothing wand . 
  much less cost , maintenance , co-worker training , worry and opportunity for things to go wrong . 
  but if it 's espressos that you want , then yes - go for the espresso machine . 
  your estimates are fine , however in practice they might vary - someone might not want to use the machine , someone might like it too much , you might get visitors and spend coffee on them etc. 
  expect some side effects . 
  other than that , it should be ok . 
  no coffee * needs * cream and sugar . 
  drinking coffee black and sugarless , however , is the best way to taste everything a bean has to offer without any other substance masking it . 
  and while it is an acquired taste , those flavors and aromas make or break the experience of drinking black coffee . 
  however , if you 're drinking a drink such as latte , it is actually more about milk and syrups than about coffee . 
  in these cases , having a coffee with a strong flavor profile ( even if it 's bitter , overroasted or otherwise considered less desirable when black ) can be more desirable in the overall drink experience than delicate flavors of a light roast which will simply get overwhelmed by milk , cream and sweetness . 
  based on your preferences , i 'd suggest an aeropress . 
  it 's small , cheap and very versatile in what it can do .
