  this will help you a lot - discipline and consistency will push you even when your motivation goes low . 
  i 've already reached my goal weight . 
  now i 'm working on my fat percentage , so i 'm dropping even more weight in order to go for a bulk later . 
  i thought so too but measuring stuff on kitchen scale is actually very quick . 
  yup , had exactly the same issue with sleeping in the last 2 weeks . 
  for me the cause was the heat wave . 
  also did n't lose weight in that period . 
  do n't worry about it , and try to catch some sleep when you can . 
  remember that weight loss is something that 's done over time . 
  you 'll have good and bad weeks , you should average your weight loss over a longer time period to get a more accurate idea of how much you 're losing . 
  6 lbs in a month is still good . 
  i 've had the opposite experience but similar results . 
  i spent my childhood being fat , and could n't relate to other people of my age because of our vast differences in physical ability . 
  so i felt alienated . 
  what i learned in the following decade was : not everyone is the same , and that is ok . 
  there are people like you out there , people you 'll be able to relate with who are not necessarily the social circle you 've spent your childhood in . 
  i 'm sure you 'll be able to find people like you in gyms , running groups , sports etc. 
  and make friends there . 
  i felt fat before , and i still feel i 've got some fat to lose ( at my current 15 % bf ) . 
  my belly is still somewhat loose and flabby and that probably bothers me the most . 
  if you took before photos , check them out from time to time . 
  you 'll be surprised to see how far along have you progressed !, 
  losing weight has been the best thing i 've done in my life , [ here 's ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/loseit/comments/3876i3/one_year_in_from_obese_to_normal_svs_nsvs/ ) a list of my experiences - though a bit old , i lost an additional 7 kg since that post . 
  at my age of 31 , i started running around , climbing trees while laughing stupidly and feeling awesome , and like a little kid again . 
  it 's a new start . 
  i lost 27 kg ( 60 lbs ) in just over a year . 
  that said , i do have a little bit of saggy skin ( on my belly and upper arms ) , but it 's not bad . 
  it would be great if it were not here , but it looks and feels way better than fat :d, 
  moisturizing creams , strength workout and drinking a lot of water will help with the skin . 
  my skin , despite being a bit loose in places , looks and feels way better and healthier than it was with excess weight . 
  hiya , first of all congratulations on your weight loss !, 
  you 're not alone with these issues . 
  i also had my friends , co-workers , family and acquaintances being concerned over my food intake when losing , asking if i 'm sick , dying etc. 
  i could n't even tell most people about mfp and counting calories , when i tried they would look at me like it 's the least manly thing i could possibly do and suggested that i might have some issues . 
  my appetite also shrunk , and i ca n't eat as much as i could before . 
  makes me sick when i try . 
  i would suggest most people are not well educated in matters of nutrition , so they immediately assume the most dangerous stuff they read in news . 
  maybe it 's best to avoid the subject with most people . 
  as long as you 're on your path to healthy body weight range , you 're doing it right . 
  you mean my weight ( 81 kg / 178 lbs ) , or the weight i 'm lifting ( nothing yet , body work only so far ) ? 
  i did read the wiki , 
  thanks !, 
  i will ask them . 
  thanks , 
  they will certainly help you . 
  of course , for best results you should also use free weights and some bodyweight exercises . 
  if you never lifted , you should n't worry about your muscles being `` burned '' by an hour of cardio . 
  the best fat burning supplement comes in the form of 45 lbs plates . 
  `` fat burning supplements '' wo n't do much good . 
  the ones that work are usually dangerous and illegal . 
  your diet , workout , water intake , rest , genetics etc. 
  will have * way * bigger influence on your fat loss than any supplement you might or might not take . 
  eating at the deficit and working out at the gym will do the trick . 
  \u017dydr\u016bnas savickas is a permabulker who wins strongman competitions , so i guess that answers your question on whether cutting is needed . 
  i 'd still recommend cutting though . 
  high body fat % can lead to heart and metabolism issues . 
  haf\u00fe\u00f3r bj\u00f6rnsson is almost as strong as savickas , but he looks better and he 'll probably have fewer health issues down the line . 
  you should n't have loose skin issues . 
  i was both heavier and older than you when i lost weight ( 60 lbs ) , i had only a few slightly saggy bits but they fixed themselves in a matter of weeks . 
  if you ca n't control what you eat , you can certainly control how much you eat . 
  eat less . 
  get myfitnesspal on your phone and track everything . 
  you have to be in a caloric deficit to lose weight . 
  some 500-1000 kcal below your maintenance is manageable . 
  caloric deficit will do about 80 % of your weight loss , you ca n't ignore it if you wish to lose weight . 
  drink more water . 
  work out . 
  gym , running , group classes , martial arts etc. , whatever you find interesting enough to be consistent in it . 
  the best program will do nothing for you if you do n't do it . 
  yes you can , if you do ohp you get all at once :d i do it . 
  however , without any additional information it 's hard to say whether it 's a good idea for your personal goals and current fitness level or not . 
  check out the workout routines according to your goals in the sidebar ( adding exercise link ) , and read the faq . 
  i guess you 'll be fine just doing them every day or every other day , but in the different part of the day than your lifting . 
  do push ups in the morning , lift in the evening . 
  although , it depends on how difficult the regular push-ups are for you and how fast can you recover from them . 
  drink a lot of water and keep on getting stronger . 
  it will get better after a while . 
  this could be too much , but overall it depends on your current level of conditioning . 
  i do some martial arts , and on top of that i run long distance and strength train - compound movements , big weights . 
  this works for me , as i can do one while i recover from the other . 
  they work muscles in different ways . 
  however , for me - circuit training or hiit just wrecks my performance and ability in everything else . 
  your mileage might vary though . 
  i suggest you try it and see if it works for you . 
  have you been drinking enough water ? 
  tried supplementing some magnesium or potassium ? 
  my favorite is just plain yogurt ( unflavored ) and a bit of olive oil . 
  probably not a good idea on rice . 
  do you have an issue eating ? 
  protein shakes and weight gain shakes can help you consume more calories even when you 're full . 
  is it safe for you to do some leg strength exercises ? 
  like squats , deadlifts etc. 
  or if you 're still a beginner , maybe bodyweight squats and lunges . 
  they should help you strengthen your muscles , so that your muscles are better able to support your knee . 
  you could also consider this ( pasted from / r/c25k faq ) :, 
   if you ca n't complete the program 's first week , then add the following to the beginning of your program :, 
   week -1 : run 30 seconds , walk 60 seconds . 
  repeat . 
   week 0 : run 45 seconds , walk 90 seconds . 
  repeat 3 times .
