  to the both : learning new things about myself , and experiencing situations i would n't experience otherwise . 
   how do you choose your larp character ? 
  do you change characters often ? 
  i play several different larp campaigns plus several one-shot larps a year . 
  on some of them i play characters i 've had for years , on others i play new characters or regularly switch them . 
  i suppose my biggest influence is how the larp was designed . 
  if it 's easy and non-punishing to switch characters , i 'll often do that - if it 's a xp grindfest , or if i think there 's more fun to be had with that character , i 'll stick with it . 
   what is your definition of larp ? 
  i 'll just put [ this ] ( http://www.crolarper.com/p/what-is-larp.html ) here . 
   what inspired you to become a larper ? 
  it sounded like a fun activity and i wanted to do it . 
   how long have you been apart of the larping community ? 
  15 years . 
   do you ever feel embarrassed when publicly admitting your passion for larping ? 
  no , not in the last few years . 
  my bosses and coworkers know about it . 
  but it 's important to define it well , if you define it as `` interactive theatre where you act for other participants '' , it sounds much better than `` we run around the woods and hit each other with foam swords '' . 
   do you prefer larping in a public area or private area ? 
  yes . 
   does the larping community have any big names/celebrities ? 
  claus raasted , mike pohjola , eliot wieslander , tor kjetil edland , eirik fatland , and numerous others from the nordic larp scene . 
  many prominent us larpers were already mentioned in this thread , i 'll also list aaron vanek from socal . 
  in german larp , fabian geuss ( conquest ) and sandra wolter ( drachenfest ) . 
  these are the organizers , authors , speakers etc. , apart from them there are also prominent academic writers , researchers , bloggers , vloggers , group organizers , community leaders , vfx people , costume makers etc. 
   how would you feel if larping became mainstream ? 
  do you feel larping would lose its touch if it becomes too popular ? 
  i 'd like it if it became more visible and popular . 
   what is the furthest you 've traveled to attend a larping event ? 
  a bit over 1220 km . 
  760 miles if you 're using freedom units . 
   what is your opinion on how larping is viewed by the majority ? 
  as in how it is not as widely accepted as say , gamer culture ? 
  i 'd say the majority is mostly unaware of it . 
   do you look as larping as a lifestyle or a hobby ? 
  hobby . 
   are there any problems in the larping community that you wish were improved on ? 
  it 's a people activity . 
  it has the same problems as any other community - cliques , politics , etc. 
  the ones worth mentioning :, 
  1 ) i ended that relationship because long-distance relationship did n't work for me . 
  2 ) we were young and both kinda assholes to each other in different ways . 
  she ended that relationship , at the time when it was probably about 2 years too late to fix . 
  it 's kinda funny because our parents still hang out together . 
  3 ) rebound relationship for me , i ended it because i did n't really click with her either physically or mentally ... and then she proceeded to stalk me for the next 3 years . 
  did n't get rid of her until i became married and a father . 
  healthy food ( most of the time ) , and physical activity :, 
  * i cycle to work instead of driving, 
  * workouts on top of that - lifting and martial arts, 
  * running ( when i got time ), 
  none so far . 
  i live in a transitory country , so there 's refugees going through but none decided to stay . 
  i really want to get this question at a job interview . 
  live and let live . 
  i 'm also european , ex-smoker . 
  i sometimes wish smoking was more stigmatized here . 
  it had reduced the smoking rates in usa . 
  regarding other things ... one battle at a time , 
  hi and welcome to the wonderful world of larp !, 
  i wrote a lot of the newbie advice on my blog , so feel free to [ check it out ] ( http://www.crolarper.com/2014/08/these-10-easy-steps-are-all-you-need-to.html ) . 
  i searched what 's available near you and found out that there is nero texas . 
  / u/molestedbyunicorns wrote a review about it [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/larp/comments/3kuhiz/new_player_review_nero_texas/ ) . 
  there 's also a [ vampire larp near you ] ( http://mesdallas.com ) - you can expect it to be strongly related to tabletop . 
  also , do n't disregard amtgard immediately . 
  although it might not be the game you 're looking for , it 's free to join , it actually started in texas , and even if another game is your goal you can treat amtgard like fighting practice , and it will work well in that regard . 
  to answer your question : i made the switch and i ended up preferring larp , although only because my free time is limited . 
  for me it 's just the fact all your senses are engaged in a larp , so the experience can be stronger and there can be more people in it . 
  tabletop still has its ' merits though - most of all being able to imagine everything without a big or impossible speccial effects budget . 
  you ask for a cigarette of course ... you obviously did n't attend the proper [ men school ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5uzu58n-sso ) . 
  1 ) someone attempted to steal stuff from my backpack , but the exposed pocket that got opened was empty . 
  2 ) some guy tried to pick my friend 's pockets , failed and got smacked in the face ... no wait , that was actually a very fun moment :d, 
  any chance of adding some reflective materials ? 
  that should help with the high-visibility in case battery runs out - and they are also mandated by law in some places for night riding . 
  thank you for your reply . 
  i 'm not complaining about the quality of instruction that i get - my main issue is the low volume that we do , since we mostly do jujutsu , so kenjutsu is only a minor part of the curriculum . 
  maybe 30 minutes weekly are spent doing sword techniques which are not warmup , and while we did practice a few iaido-like solo kata it was done only once in three months . 
  i guess i could practice that ( along with cuts and blocks ) , however i find good reference material to be very helpful in order to correct myself better . 
  thank you for your advice . 
  there are two kendo schools near me ( one of them did really good at our nationals ) , but unfortunately both of them seem to schedule their training in the same time as my primary training ( and each other ) . 
  i 'll be keeping an eye on them if the situation changes . 
  thanks , i 'll check out that book , 
  in croatia , it 's always two . 
  one is acceptable if you 're in a hurry . 
  three will make a lot of people uncomfortable or even insulted ( because three is common in serbia and russia , and a lot of people here consider it to be a nationalistic symbol , and/or orthodox-religious ) . 
  four would be a no-no , unless you were planning to start a foreplay . 
  in croatia too . 
  same reasons . 
  i 'm actually pickier about both now . 
  i guess that comes with being more secure about myself . 
  higher reps = lower weight on the bar . 
  my advice would be : take a few days off to rest , then deload . 
  eat more , sleep more . 
  that 's what helped me through my plateaus . 
  besides what everyone else said , perhaps try a different brand next time . 
  there can be significant differences in flavor . 
  currently in croatia , there 's one larp that got darker , but many others who did n't - and several in fact got `` lighter '' . 
  if i were to analyze it , i 'd say larps in my scene are becoming deeper in general - compared to 10 years ago , they 're more likely to explore negative subjects , but also the positive ones such as love , family , relationships etc. 
  talk to other players , enter the larp as a character from their characters ' respective histories . 
  instant interaction opportunities and strong roleplay . 
  one of the larps i play in is a steampunk larp . 
  politics and reshaping the world map are a big part of it , and the main gm is a board game designer - he designed a game which is basically similar to risk in order to manage the change in world powers .
