  i 've had dandruff for a while , but it was not too bad and it stopped after a bit . 
  honestly , the hardest part about this was disbelief and social stigma whenever i tried to talk to someone about it . 
  just completed w4d1 . 
  wow . 
  i found first 3 weeks relaxing , but this is - for me - when it really started feeling like a good workout . 
  really had to push myself there . 
  i believe it 's due to an increase in running volume . 
  w1 is 8 min total , w2 and w3 are 9 min total . 
  w4 is 16 min total . 
  are there any other days which you felt were a big step up in the difficulty ? 
  ( apart from obvious w5d3 ), 
  i got sick last week , which caused me to take a break with my lifting , but i kept running and doing c25k . 
  this morning i woke up with a really bad case of sore throat - it was hard to speak , and my voice sounded very deep and funny . 
  however , since i had no fever i decided to run w7d1 . 
  the run was amazing - it felt easier than previous long runs ( w5d3 , w6d3 ) and when i was done with it it somehow fixed my voice and cleared my throat !, 
  i did n't know that could happen , but here 's another proof that running is good for you :d, 
  this morning i did my w9d3 . 
  c25k done , and it 's a strange feeling . 
  ok , it 's done ... now what ? 
  i think i 'll keep running and try to go for half marathon distance , will try to train for a hm on zagreb marathon , oct 11 . 
  i 'm a 189 cm ( 6 ' 2 '' ) tall guy , slightly overweight - but i lost a lot of weight by running ( and eating less , and also a bit of lifting ) . 
  some notes from my training , and how it went for me :, 
  * pre-c25k - i ran a bit last year ( no program ) , and successfuly finished a 5k in october , timing at 0:33:26 with minimal training ( it hurt a lot though ) . 
  my weight at the time : 101 kg ( 223 lbs ), 
  * w1d1 ( march 9 ) - ok , this was an awakening . 
  although i dropped some weight in the meantime ( 99 kg / 218 lbs ) my lack of training deteriorated my performance . 
  w1d1 was tough , but i did it and it made me feel i could finish the program . 
  rest of w1 , w2 and w3 went like a breeze . 
  * w4 was a challenge . 
  w4d1 was way tougher than anything before . 
  it was a huge ramp up in the difficulty . 
  w4d2 went ok , but i actually skipped w4d3 . 
  instead of it , i actually ran a 5k , timing at 0:32:11 . 
  it was tough . 
  it hurt a lot . 
  but i finished it and improved my time . 
  my weight at the time was 94 kg / 207 lbs . 
  it really felt like losing some weight helped a lot with my time . 
  * w5 was problematic because of my schedule . 
  so instead in breaking it up over 2 weeks , i ran it 3 days in a row , no rest days . 
  it was tough but doable ( especially w5d3 , but it was not as bad as i thought it would be ), 
  * w6 , w7 and w8 went like a breeze . 
  full runs since w6d3 were awesome once you can do them , much more fun than intervals . 
  w8d3 was harder than the rest of the week , but then i looked better and found out that the app i was using ( zen labs c25k ) actually lengthens w8d3 to w9 lengths . 
  * w9 was hard , due to several factors . 
  first , the outdoor temperature increased significantly . 
  second , i got too impatient and upped my pace on w9d1 which made a lot of difference both in my pace and how much it tired me . 
  third , i ran w9d2 with very little sleep and it 's probably my worst run so far ( be sure to rest well ) . 
  w9d3 ended on a high note , it was the one run from this week which went the way it should have . 
  and it was the final run . 
  i 'm ending my c25k program weighing 91 kg / 200 lbs , and feeling the healthiest and fittest that i felt in last 20 years !, 
  * the fact that the same distance that destroyed me a month ago nowadays i can run for fun and 3 times a week is something that i find hard to believe myself , 
  big thumbs up to this subreddit , it ( and several others ) have helped me a lot with my motivation . 
  i 'll stay here , 
  i was a scrawny kid until i was about 12 . 
  my parents were worried that i do n't eat enough , so they fed me a lot . 
  i managed to develop asthma along the way , which left me very sedentary . 
  as a result of these , i was overweight by 12 . 
  i was the fat kid in elementary and high school . 
  not the biggest around , but always about second to third biggest . 
  i grew up accepting this and believing this is who i am . 
  by mid 20s , my asthma withdrew . 
  i worked out some , and managed to ( shortly ) drop my weight for my wedding . 
  soon afterwards , i made a decision to stop smoking . 
  after that , food tasted much better and i ate a lot of it , reaching my peak of 108 kg ( 238 lbs ) a year ago . 
  even though the scale pointed that number , i did not feel way different than before since the weight just crept up slowly until i was invited by a friend ( who 's a pt and survival expert ) to a workout class he was running with 2 other guys . 
  the experience was humbling , as i realized just how my ability had deteriorated . 
  i was a 30 year old guy who could do almost nothing . 
  bmi calculator told me i crossed the line , and that at my height ( 189 cm , that 's 6 ' 2.4 '' in freedom units ) i was obese at bmi 30.2 . 
  i decided that this has to change , so i started working out again . 
  i got the focus t25 program and started exercising . 
  i did n't watch my nutrition ( except for general eating more healthily ) , and by the end of the year i lost 8 kg . 
  then i got sick , and did n't do much of anything for the next 2 months , i lost some muscle and gained 1 kg in total . 
  then 3 and a half months ago i went into it again ... to do it right . 
  i read everything on this subreddit ( and several others ) , made an account on mfp and started tracking everything extensively . 
  i started doing the body beast program with some weights i had , running ( c25k ) , and eating at 1000 calorie deficit ( on most days ) , done some other workouts too ( bodyweight , kettlebells etc ) . 
  since then i lost 13 kg , making my total weight loss 20 kg ( 44 lbs ) - not as much as some on this sub , but it made an amazing difference . 
  i 'm 88 kg now ( 194 lbs ) and my bmi is now listed under normal ( 24.6 ) , but i 'm continuing this because i want to lose more body fat and to gain some muscle . 
  i 'm amazed just by how much my quality of life was improved by this , in areas where i expected and where i did not expect them . 
  here are some highlights and nsvs :, 
  * i can do stuff i was not able to do since i was a kid . 
  i thought it normal to lose flexibility and ability as you age ... nope . 
  i 'm regaining it back . 
  it feels like a part of the childhood was taken away from me , and i 'm regaining it back . 
  i 'm also growing stronger , and that is an awesome feeling . 
  * i 've also been told i look younger . 
  * cleaning and other stuff around the house is easier to do . 
  * i have more energy when i wake up , despite the fact that i reduced my caffeine intake . 
  sometimes when i wake up with a headache or something , i go for a run and it clears it out . 
  * clothing becomes looser . 
  once tight shirts and pants now look big on me . 
  i dropped from xl to m ( european sizes ) . 
  i had to punch extra holes on my belt , then it was n't enough so i got a new belt , and then i had to get new pants because my old ones looked horribly saggy . 
  * i feel a bit colder . 
  cold days were cold , but warm days are awesome . 
  i 'm enjoying this summer . 
  * when i sleep on my side , my knees bump into each other which they did n't do before . 
  it 's strange when it happens because it did n't happen to me in decades . 
  * most people are much kinder to me . 
  it shocked me when some of the assholes i knew suddenly turned into wonderful and sensitive angels .
