  also using dagger ( with some poisons ) . 
  i got the mobile feat for that . 
  +10 speed and free disengage on attacked enemies helps a lot , 
  ... though it would sometimes be nice to bonus action dash for no ki . 
   dodge as a free action, 
  dash as a bonus action . 
  [ page 4 ] ( https://media.wizards.com/2016/dnd/downloads/ua_revisedranger.pdf ) . 
  free actions were in 3 . x , not in 5e . 
  i will assume deep stalker archetype based on what 's been written . 
  at lvl 7 they get proficiency in wis saves . 
  not advantage , not dex , but proficiency in wis saves . 
  since rangers already have proficiency in str and dex saves , he might be confusing proficiency with advantage . 
  they do have advantage in saving throws against their greater favored enemy though at lvl 6 + . 
  advantage on attack - ehh no , unless your dm is using optional flanking rules . 
  deep stalkers get an ability to reroll one of their missed attacks once per turn at lvl 11 though . 
  being attacked at disadvantage - at lvl 15 , once per turn since it uses a reaction ( stalker 's dodge ) . 
  otherwise , nope . 
  do n't know if that covers it . 
  his original house name is much worse - daermon n ` a ` shezbaernon . 
  and as a downside , he wo n't enter combat with another concentration spell which could be more powerful , such as bless . 
  alert has +5 and other bonuses . 
  he could potentially buff someone who already has alert with it , as they stack for +5 +1 d4 . 
  assassins and heavy nukers could probably profit from it more than divine casters ... 
   if you throw 3 . x monsters at the party, 
  did n't plan to do that - basic has a nice monster list ( though shorter than mm ) which i guess could serve as a baseline for quick conversions . 
  in my sabbat game , we had our group torturing some captured tremere . 
  our tzimisce fused all their limbs to their bodies , turning them basically into buoy-shaped forms after having most of their blood drained . 
  he also closed their eyes and mouth , opening their mouth only when they were ready to talk . 
  he was also assisted by a lasombra performing the usual tentacle porn and dominate tricks , and a brujah antitribu pouring gasoline on them and having some pi\u00f1ata fun with a baseball bat . 
  it was a memorable night to say the least . 
  did you follow the meal plan ? 
  if you 're looking to cut weight , that will have much more influence than the workout itself . 
  start over , follow the meal plan , drink a lot of water and sleep well . 
  i have a buddy who i practice with . 
  i also took some martial arts , that helped me with strength , speed , endurance and timing my shots . 
  eating healthier and eating less will have a * lot * more impact than any workout regime with regards to weight loss . 
  he wo n't get fit in 2 months . 
  it took some time putting the weight on , it will take some time losing it . 
  but if he has a healthy workout and nutrition plan , he might lose about 10 kg in that time and get fitter and stronger . 
  took me about a year to get from 108 to 81 ( now i gained some weight since due to an injury , so that 's another issue i 'm working on right now ... ) , and i would n't have succeeded on training only . 
  at his weight , i suggest cycling and lifting . 
  running was hell for me at 90 + kg , my joints took a lot of abuse . 
  it became way easier once i lost weight . 
  nothing at all , but i drink some water . 
  i mostly drink my coffee black . 
  mostly . 
  when i drink it with milk , a fresh , hot , buttery croissant is the best thing to eat with it . 
  what are your goals ? 
  do you wish to be effective in fighting ? 
  compete ? 
  be prepared in case you 're attacked ? 
  work on your fitness ? 
  looking for a new community ? 
  looking for some discipline / stress relief ? 
  would you prefer striking or grappling ? 
  personally , i 'm a big fan of grappling arts and i would otherwise recommend judo or brazilian jiu-jitsu , but this might not be the ideal choice for you if you had a lower back injury . 
  as i do n't know the extent of it , should you wish to try it make 100 % sure to clear it with your doctor first . 
  regarding karate , most schools do only light sparring which limits their effectiveness . 
  however , if you have a school nearby which trains kyokushin , ashihara , enshin or some similar style feel free to go for it . 
  also , muay thai would be an excellent striking choice ( and the one i would recommend as it wo n't be hard on your back ) . 
  krav maga - it depends . 
  only a minority of schools spar well . 
  km is more about being aware , prepared , scanning the situation , striking quickly and escaping . 
  it has some good stuff in it , but if you want to do it i recommend getting some experience in a full sparring style first . 
  proper sparring is very important . 
  it ensures you 'll be able to use what you learn in a stressful situation . 
  it also grounds you and gives you realistic assessment of your own abilities . 
  it gives you true confidence instead of an overblown ego . 
  i did a few months of kyudo . 
  i ended up dropping it before investing in any gear , for several reasons - weird dojo atmosphere , a pricing scheme i was not comfortable with , and my own lack of time . 
  although i really liked it as an art - it 's beautiful and really mentally tough , requiring incredible patience and concentration . 
  physically , it did nothing for me except giving me a bit of extra shoulder/back training . 
  i 'd still do it if circumstances were different . 
  they mostly come out at night . 
  mostly . 
  lots of mutual friends , same social circles . 
  we 've been acquaintances and had each other on facebook for years before this started happening . 
  that makes the situation a bit more complicated . 
  already unfollowed her . 
  i already told her that , she told me the same back - as well as telling me she 's not interested in married guys , told me she would n't compromise the sanctity of the marriage , and stuff like that . 
  every time i saw her somewhere , she did not attempt anything , and did n't give me any signals ... 
  ... and few days later , she always texts me some photos . 
  usually just something random , although she did send me a photo of her legs in a bathtub a few months ago out of the blue . 
  one time i ran into her in town , i was out with my wife and kids . 
  she barely greeted us , and ran away . 
  totally different behavior compared to when my wife is n't present , usually she 's chatty . 
  she 's the one initiating contact every time , i often outright ignore her texts or just answer something in a disinterested way . 
  she claims she does n't want to do anything , and then something like that happens and i really have no clue where she 's going with this and what she hopes to accomplish . 
  wtf , just checked that sub ... 
  i think i need a shower now . 
  that makes sense . 
  thanks !, 
  does your nude have your face in it ? 
  if not , that very much limits the damage she can do with it . 
  how can she demand/ask for/trust a declaration of love if you have n't even met irl ? 
  how would that be meaningful or anything ? 
  if reason does n't work , i suggest blocking her and cutting off all contact . 
  thanks  my biggest problem is the proper setup and getting into that position when there is resistance involved . 
  better than i am now . 
  i do n't have a fixed goal , just practicing , learning new things and getting better for as long as i can .
