  how much more are you willing to buy ? 
  are you into diy ? 
  do you have enough place to store it ? 
  this can all affect whether it 's possible for you to achieve your goals . 
  as a general answer , i 'd say check / r/bodyweightfitness beginner routine and supplement with whatever workouts you can do with your free weights . 
  because strength training works as a good base for everything and it 's a good thing to train in general . 
  strength training is suggested as a good thing for newbies who ask `` hey guys , what should i do in the gym ? '', 
  if that person already has a specific goal in mind , he is given a specific answer . 
  i 'm doing the same here . 
  most people who are not into fitness equate caloric restriction to eating disorders , such as anorexia , or fad diets . 
  guys are judged especially hard for that . 
  just do n't openly tell people , unless they 're into fitness themselves . 
  short term : from fat to lean - 30 kg ( 66 lbs ) weight loss . 
  i 'm halfway there , and i 'm approaching normal bmi . 
  finish a 10k . 
  hopefully , all these will be completed in 6 months . 
  long term : become strong enough to do one arm pullups , human flags and weighed pistols . 
  finish a marathon too . 
  hopefully within next 2 years . 
  only you can say how much is reasonable . 
  if you 're happy with how much you 're drinking and the results you 're getting ( with either weight loss or strength gain ) , good for you . 
  soda is just one part of what you 're getting into your body . 
  you should really get that diagnosed . 
  are you holding your breath perhaps ? 
  sometimes i just rest . 
  sometimes i do some light stretching or yoga , feels good . 
  check out decathlon . 
  they got some decent stuff at reasonable prices . 
  i once had a yoga instructor who still led our class while pregnant . 
  last time when i was on her class was 2 days before she gave birth . 
  on the day when her water broke , she called the studio owner to cancel and arranged a replacement as she was bicycling herself into the hospital . 
  obviously , she was skipping some hard exercises in the last few weeks , but she was very able to do stuff and to leave the rest of the class speechless . 
  it can be done and it can be beneficial for health , especially if she is already in a good shape - although it 's probably for the best that she does n't attempt any personal records . 
  light/moderate exercise can help her destress after work . 
  if she feels capable to do so , working out is a good idea . 
  her call . 
  focus t25 is somewhat easier than insanity , and has a modifier that does lightweight modifiers if the regular workout is too hard . 
  it 's not the ideal way to work out , but if something like a printed routine from / r/bodyweightfitness would n't get her to work out , dvd workouts are better than nothing . 
  heck , that 's how i started my journey into fitness world . 
  remember that weight loss will mainly come from caloric restriction . 
  for me it 's becoming leaner , stronger , and able to do stuff i could n't do earlier . 
  thinking of my future self motivates me . 
  your calorie deficit is n't as big as you think it is . 
  you might be overestimating your workouts , or underestimating the food you eat , or your requirements are slightly less than you think they are - or a combination of above . 
  the easiest way to fix this is to reduce some more calories . 
  they are estimates . 
  if it shows deficit but you 're not losing weight , it means it 's probably inaccurate . 
  actual 500 calories deficit should cause the loss of about 1 lbs a week on average . 
  lifting and going to bed early did wonders for my morning energy levels and motivation for workout . 
  pike push ups , pullups , dips , inverted rows , crab walks . 
  there 's lots of good stuff on / r/bodyweightfitness too . 
  i do n't know if it deteriorates the protein . 
  however , it 's a sacrilege to do to a coffee . 
  i might have given it a try if it shipped outside of usa , 
  i love it , and it was awesome ever since i started . 
  however , keep in mind that not every workout is the same , and they might feel very different - e.g. 
  distance running and lifting weights . 
  some people like one , but not the other . 
  it helps to set goals . 
  it is very motivating when you begin accomplishing them . 
  request sent  everybody feel free to add me too . 
  same username as here . 
  awesome  you might wish to check out couch to 5k ( it has a subreddit here - / r/c25k ) - it 's a training program designed to get you to increase your distance and be able to run a 5k in 2 months . 
  i 'm currently at week 5 . 
  good luck with your running , 
  great progress op , 
  how much did you lose and how long did it take you ? 
  get a food scale , sign up on myfitnesspal , set your goals and track * everything * you eat . 
  that will give you a better approximate . 
  for me it differed a lot from what i thought i was eating . 
  it 's good for you . 
  good luck from croatia , 
  great job op , looks like you had fun , 
  agree with the `` run slower '' tip . 
  also , you 're on the w1 and if you have no previous running experience there will be some pain , but it will go away soon . 
  for 5k distances , these shoes will suffice . 
  do n't worry about that . 
  congratulations , keep it up !, 
  it 's great to see people who are on the same day as you and make the same progress :d i usually start too slow , but i discover that i 'm picking up speed after a few minutes in . 
  my w7d1 felt easier than w6d3 and w5d3 , but over here it was a chillier morning , so that might affect it . 
  if you 've done crossfit , you could probably finish a 5k run now - but if you do do n't expect it to be a very pleasant experience . 
  so ... why do you want to run a 5k distance ? 
  being able to complete the distance and to run it continuously for fun are two very different things . 
  my personal experience : i successfuly ran 5k in the past , but i got lazy during winter and did nothing for a few months . 
  then i started lifting ... and c25k . 
  i ran a 5k race at w4 , and while i completed it ( at 0:32:11 ) it was very hard to do . 
  fast forward a few weeks , i 've done the 20-25 min runs of c25k , but casually and with far less pain and exhaustion compared to that 5k race . 
  so , whatever your choice is , have realistic expectations . 
  if you decide to run that 5k , be sure to have the day before and day later as rest days . 
  good luck , 
  hey !, 
  how much rest did you take ( or not take ) , and how far along did you go with the program ? 
  welcome , 
   i 've never been able to run . 
  every single time i tried to go on a run with some friends i just get out of breath after 3 minutes and get extremely demotivated . 
  that was me for a lot of years !, 
  this program helped , 
   i think my days will be monday , thursday and saturday . 
  cool . 
  mine are monday , wednesday and friday .
