  do they chase people in boba fett costumes ? 
  i 'd like it . 
  feel free to pm me yours . 
  the central school has about 40 $ a month fee . 
  i was comparing it to other martial arts locally available , which are around 30 $ for the same number of days . 
  the rate in my ( cheap ) club is about 12 $ . 
  i think i heard the info that it 's at least 5 years , more likely 7 . 
  the ma clubs in my area tend to be not flexible about payments or special deals . 
  on the positive side , monthly payments are the norm and lock-in contracts are basically unheard of . 
  the write-up is the experience i had on my class , and this was my first wc experience . 
  however , i did some research on reddit , google and local forums . 
  my class ended up somewhat different than i imagined it would be . 
  thanks for sharing !, 
  i recognize some of that stuff , 
  what 's the actual deal with these forms ? 
  i checked them out on youtube , and they do n't see ... too hard from my point of view . 
  well , except the fact that they 're lengthy , and i guess memorizing the entire sequence is quite a feat . 
  i can do several kata from karate , kempo and kenjutsu , and all of them are way shorter than the wc form . 
  i previously got the impression that katas in japanese arts roughly equals forms in chinese arts , but now i 'm not so sure anymore ... there seems to be much bigger emphasis placed on them in wc . 
  or by `` learning the form '' do you also mean learning how to apply all the moves from it in drills / lat sao / sparring / something else ? 
  just trying to understand what 's it about :d, 
  i actually had that said to me last night :d talked a bit to the acquaintance of mine who did wc for 4 years , apparently we had our basic guard with weight on the last leg , and his club did it with equal weight distribution . 
  thanks for the explanation !, 
   thats why i now think you can never learn effective wing chun just from a video without an experienced instructor actually observing and correcting you . 
  that 's true of every martial art i trained so far . 
  i checked up the obsidian portal ... sadly , their vtr sheets seem to be 1st edition , and even if that 's not the case most features i 'd want seem to be behind paywall . 
  i 'll probably organize the chronicle using facebook and google drive instead . 
  thanks !, 
  good stuff on that link . 
  i do n't have preferences regarding physical books or pdfs ... but i do have preferences for physical dice . 
  i guess i 'll visit the local game store to get some more d10s . 
  my experience is not only d&d , as i said i played and ran some vtm larps so i 'm not approaching this from the d&d mindset ... but i guess there are differences between runing a larp and a tabletop game , both in developing plot , scenes and pacing . 
  i already did , and i thought of using them in the chronicle . 
  i 've been using them exclusively for my larps in the past few years , 
  plenty of new info and stuff to think about post-edit , thanks , 
  i also found some condition cards at mr.gone 's website , i think i 'll be printing those and using them . 
  now i 'm wondering about covenants , and how they work together if the coterie has more than one covenant ... 
  so i was wondering if i should :, 
  * heavily suggest players to all play a single covenant, 
  * start them off as different covenants, 
  * start them off as unaligned ( expected to join their sires ' covenants , but make their choice and joining a part of the game ), 
  what are your experiences regarding that ? 
  they could always form a cult or a secret society which would function as a herd for the vampires . 
  thanks for the info , ideas and advice !, 
   of course , i recognized bloodlines events and npcs in your pdf . 
  you have a lot of named npcs , do your players have trouble remembering who 's who ? 
  very strict unless shtf in my camarilla games . 
  not very strict at all in my sabbat games . 
  however , we always play consequences , and depending on the nature of breach and how cover-up is managed , some plot develops from that . 
  here you go , 
  well , it 's a game based on tabletop . 
  that brings with it a set of complexity , with both positive and negative sides that it has . 
  however , things to bear in mind :, 
  * most games i played in the past 3 years ( vampire and werewolf ) were political , and most of them passed without anyone having to decide a check, 
  * i have successfully used a d6 ( and a fate die ) as an alternative on a few games in situations when this was ok, 
  * there is a group which modified the system to have no checks , larger test pool always wins - which i think has another set of issues , but it works for them and they 're happy with it, 
  * the link near the bottom of article mentions convention of thorns , it was a blockbuster castle vampire larp which used a simpler system , maybe that one would interest you more, 
  * i still like picking up my calimacil and smashing some orcs in the forest , this is not mutually exclusive type of larping ( as you can see from my previous 2 articles on the blog ), 
  i get where you 're coming from . 
  my friend ( another larper ) also makes similar arguments , and then he goes to spend his evenings playing d&d , pathfinder or gurps - which i find amusing , because they 're not so far from these sort of larps . 
  for me , larp is just one part on a wide spectrum of role-playing games , not just one recipe of how to do things . 
  what makes it a larp for me is that we get costumed , show up to a place , move around and act . 
  this one is certainly not skill based , but in this way it allows players to simulate some of the stuff they would n't do otherwise . 
  if it helps , consider it a different thing altogether . 
  i play my vampires and werewolves along with several fantasy larps ( which i 've been doing for over 15 years ) , a steampunk larp ( mostly social , but also pulp action , using painted nerf guns - it 's only 1x or 2x a year ) , as well as some simple nordic and nordic-inspired one-shot chamber larps ( when i get the chance ) . 
  and actual d&d . all have their place , advantages and disadvantages . 
  i could do something like a sample budget table with expenses / income , with listed examples . 
  yup , my thoughts exactly . 
  if i have an item which says `` location costs '' , that should be specific enough to cover most larps ( probably excluding multi-thousand player larps such as drachenfest or conquest ) , or even left at zero . 
  yeah , there will also be room for writing your own items . 
  interesting !, 
  sure , i can redistribute it . 
   do you mean for campaign larp or theater larp ? 
  yes . 
  i plan to include stuff usable for campaigns and one-shots , whether they 're boffer , theater , nordic etc. 
  of course , that means not everything will be useful for every larp , but something probably will . 
  waiver was already planned . 
  good tips for other stuff . 
  that check-in sheet looks more detailed than what we used so far . 
  that would be awesome , thanks , 
  although since we do n't play in english , i 'll have to translate it , hope you do n't mind , 
  helmets are uncommon where i live . 
  only about 10 % of the commuters use them , so there 's no big pressure to wear them - actually it 's quite the opposite , wearing one around here gets people more weird looks and questions than not wearing one . 
  true . 
  actually , i got the feeling that improved visibility ( with optional high-vis colors , reflective strips and the possibility to mount lights on it ) is a very good argument by itself . 
  after a few days of using the helmet , i can already report good results using the helmet-mounted lights ( i find that setup much more comfortable than wearing a headlamp , plus i also mounted the rear red light on it ) . 
  the cars at the intersections notice me visibly earlier ( especially when i shine at them briefly ) . 
  during the day , i found my helmet 's visor useful in blocking the sun shining in my eyes . 
  so overall i 'm satisfied with my purchase , as i discovered helmets are also quite useful and practical in areas other than their crash ratings ... 
  i 'd never support forced helmet laws , but i think that having one is a practical thing to have . 
  they call you names because you commute on your bike ? 
  living in a tiny condo limits it . 
  does n't stop me from dreaming and planning though :d, 
  i had the same issue in the place i lived in previously . 
  on the flipside , bike storage would not have been a problem there ... but that 's what i got by moving from a large countryside house into a tiny condo in the city . 
  or bribe my wife into allowing me to install ceiling storage :d, 
  it usually does n't dip under -15 c , -18 c was the lowest i remember ever . 
  do n't think i 'm gon na sell my current bike , which is a cheap folding one ... after all , my son will need something to use after he outgrows his current kiddie bike and passes it down to his little sister , 
  by that time or even earlier , i 'll probably get myself something new . 
  my company is set to move to a new location in 2 years , which would double my commute .
