  opposite lane is empty . 
  * just over 1/2 of the race , near maksimir park ( at hondlova ) the first 2 marathoners just went in the opposite lane for their second lap ( wow ! ), 
  * at 4th refreshment point ( same as 1st ) i took a bit of banana ... friend took water, 
  * as it felt we were slowing down too much for my liking , i decided to speed up and left her behind, 
  * i was running alone between groups , boring, 
  * back on square of ban jela\u010di\u0107 , seems to be more people than at start, 
  * oh yeah , crowds - plenty of them for a while after the square !, 
  i 'm motivated and i push on . 
  there 's music , confetti , and plenty of people cheering on, 
  * 5th refreshment point at british square . 
  i drink a cup of water, 
  * i meet another acquaintance whom i have n't seen in years , he 's faster than me and running the opposite way, 
  * turn at ilica / selska, 
  * still motivated but the last 2 km are a grind !, 
  * skip the 6th refreshment point ( same as 5th ) , because position and seconds !, 
  * i run into the goal at race time 2:13:11 , one second after the marathon winner who just passed me on my right . 
  only that he was running a full marathon , and i ran half, 
  * my final chip time : 2:11:44, 
  after race :, 
  lunch in the tent . 
  bean stew or goulash ( i took goulash ) and beer . 
  yay !, 
  then went off to the free leg massage that we had for all runners . 
  the massage was good , but i noticed my error as i started to cool down . 
  it was colder than in the morning , and i was completely soaked and tired , not to mention underdressed . 
  so i started shivering in the cold , and quickly took shelter in the nearby shopping center ( cvjetni ) . 
  ordered a hot soup there to help me get warm . 
  and then after i recovered a bit i decided that it 's either a bad case of shivering or running back home . 
  i chose running , as that option sucked far less than the alternative . 
  and so i warmed up again , and reached home in relative comfort . 
  it was a remarkable adventure . 
  i ended up beating my expected time by 20 minutes . 
  would run again . 
  thanks to c25k and this community for getting me started with running . 
  machines in the gym . 
  yeah , i know , not ideal - but certainly better than nothing . 
  personally , i 'm a huge fan of dkwddk - but then again , i 'm the author of the article you linked so it 's to be expected , 
  it 's been gaining ground around here lately , although non-competition is still a big issue around here . 
  it has brought some interesting changes , in regards that nowadays almost every new setting design takes it into account and larp settings are getting designed about being easy to represent . 
  but for better or worse , we did lose some more d&d - ish larps and players . 
  how 's the larp scene in romania ? 
  i 've been trying to find some info about it , but it 's been very sparse , 
  i 'm in croatia , so if you feel like visiting let me know , we 'll have some fantasy events starting in spring . 
  most of our events are relatively small . 
  i 'll also be on conquest , but i 'll be playing black ice , 
  bulgarians also have plenty of larps , and so do serbians , hungarians etc. 
  i wrapped up the current run of izgon  and also co-ran a vampire larp on saturday . 
  of the larps i 've organized or been to which use npcs , they mostly enter from out of ic area boundary . 
  i did a few larps like that , and although i was n't fully covered some things do apply :, 
  * are you in a good physical shape ? 
  if not , some gym time or other training might help a lot . 
  you 'll be carrying a lot of weight on you , for extended periods of time . 
  your movements will be more difficult in all directions , which you 'll note especially if you lift your sword high , if you have to run or roll on the ground . 
  * be sure to wear your gambeson and enough padding everywhere , even if you feel you 're going to be too hot in it ... it 's much better than blisters , bruises or perhaps even cuts you 'll get otherwise . 
  * you 'll sweat a lot , be sure to drink enough water and have a dry change of clothes ready . 
  better get a weighted vest for any public training . 
  that way you save your expensive larp kit ( armor + padding ) , you do n't clank with every step , you are less likely to get unwanted attention , and the setup is much quicker . 
  or do armored/weighted pushups , jumping jacks , squats , getups etc. 
  at home . 
  quite deadly . 
  during a pervasive game here , we had players going into a car chase with what they presumed were other players , but were probably drug dealers or something . 
  ... oh , you mean ic deadly . 
  well depends on the larp really . 
  there was a series of larps where about 10-20 % of the characters would die in a year , but there were only 2-3 events where all these deaths happened . 
  there 's a vampire larp where about 80 % of characters died in a single year , but there were over 50 events in that timeframe . 
  i guess it would depend on a larp , i do n't mind high mortality if it 's consistent with the setting and if everyone is having fun while playing . 
  reasonable advice will highly depend on the location , design , setting and culture of your larp , so it 's not something that 's universal - best to keep that in mind . 
  there has been a lot of npc talk here , but the actual way npcs are used and experience of playing one can vary significantly . 
  stuff that 's actively avoided by one larp ( e.g. 
  bleed ) might be highly sought by other . 
  in order not to repeat myself , i wrote some newbie tips on my blog [ here ] ( http://www.crolarper.com/2014/08/these-10-easy-steps-are-all-you-need-to.html ) . 
  i also advise all my friends to [ go as authentic as possible ] ( http://www.crolarper.com/2014/07/a-case-for-authenticity.html ) from start . 
  and considering it 's a cold season now , it never hurts to remember that there is no such thing as bad weather ... only bad [ preparation ] ( http://www.crolarper.com/2012/09/cold-weather-larping.html ) . 
  most of these articles are written from a logistics perspective , but it 's far easier to stay in character when you 're wearing a good looking kit , and are not shivering from cold , wetness or hunger . 
  hope this helps you , 
  personally , i love npc-ing at some larps and do n't like it at others . 
  in larps which treat npcs well and make it fun and rewarding to npc , i always npc - and i 've got some of my best larping experiences from that . 
  but at some larps npcs are treated almost like dirt by pc players , and playing a npc there naturally does not appeal to me . 
  depending on the larp design , community and atmosphere , npc-ing can be either a fun way to contribute , or a difficult and unrewarding task . 
  i 'm not a fan of requiring to npc . 
  but i am a fan of requiring everyone to work hard to enable everyone else 's good time ... regardless of their pc/npc status . 
   as a member of the larping subculture how would you say the larping community is , in the sense of friendliness and being open to new people wanting to join and become a larper, 
  there is no general larping subculture or community , it would only make sense if we 're talking about a community of a particular game or a particular group which might sometimes overlap with others ... but i 'd say most communities are open to new people joining , and will be friendly towards them . 
   outside the act of larping what are other activities or practices that most larpers participate in ? 
  do larpers hang out with other larpers ? 
  do you have a certain style ? 
  certain vocabulary ? 
  hanging out , going to bars , movies , etc. 
  vocabulary can be specific to a certain group ( e.g. 
  amtgard , nero etc. ), 
  or community ( e.g. 
  nordic larpers , etc. 
  ) , but it 's not general - in fact , misunderstandings between larp cultures are quite common due to different assumptions on meanings of certain terms . 
   how were you first introduced into the world of larping ? 
  a high school friend told me about it . 
   before you became a member of the larping community what stereotypes did you have towards larpers and what did you think about larping in general ? 
  nope . 
  i never heard about it until the friend told me , and as soon as i learned about it i knew i want in . 
   what is your favorite part about larping ? 
   what makes you want to keep larping ?
