  i 'm wondering if i should go or not , since at my current stage i still suck at basics . 
  in that timeframe , i 'll only suck slightly less so i 'm not sure whether it 's worth to go if it turns out too advanced for me . 
  long story short , i 've been running a fantasy larp campaign in croatia called terra nova since 2012 . 
  this year the idea is to go to `` chapter 2 '' , several centuries in the future , old characters became gods , saints , etc. , and with this change of storyline a new ruleset was developed . 
  you can check it out [ here ] ( https://docs.google.com/document/d/1r6rou1o9ut8e4x3gnlcg3oo9qzlhank1vt7uylrp9sc/edit ) . 
  since the larp is completely non-profit , it was decided that these rules will be made available for everyone who wishes to use them under creative commons . 
  so if you want to use them , or modify them for your own game ( magic system is rather lore-specific ) , feel free to do so  they are written in english , since we usually get players from hungary , so we larp in english with them . 
  however , since these rules are still in development we 're still open for feedback . 
  if you like them , do n't like them , see places where they could improve etc. 
  please comment . 
  all feedback will be considered for the final version , which is due in 2 weeks . 
  thanks , 
  the event will be held may 20-22 in subotica podravska , croatia if anybody here happens to be nearby . 
  edit , 2 weeks later : the rules have been finalized , and the final version is available [ here ] ( https://docs.google.com/document/d/1tqun7jrppkxh2ayudndkhwzorjmsi0yvly91pz9ca2y/edit ) . 
  short background : i was a hardcore raider back in vanilla , playing constantly since 1 month after eu release , playing a lock as my main . 
  had a few several-month-long breaks during bc , quit wow at the end of wotlk . 
  did n't play cata or mists . 
  resubbed 1 year ago , boosted 80-90 , played for one month , dinged 100 . 
  now i resubbed again , since my guild is meeting live for the second time in almost 11 years that it existed . 
  as a relative noob to this era of wow , i got a few questions :, 
  * got any advice for a relatively fresh 100 ? 
  * best ways to gear up quickly ? 
  i hear ashran gets mentioned a lot , but i spent a lot of time there with little rewards compared to bgs a year ago , has something changed in the meantime ? 
  * legendary ring and flying . 
  how long does it take to get them , on average ( my ring is currently at first stage , and quest-wise i 'm doing nagrand now , have n't got to tanaan yet ) ? 
  * i was never an altoholic , have n't had a second max-level alt since vanilla ( and that one is still decked in t1/t2 gear , lol :d ) . 
  i got a level 100 boost from pre-ordering legion , so i was thinking about maybe boosting a monk or something mainly for extra garrison stuff . 
  how much fun / in demand are monks anyway ? 
  thanks !, 
  there 's no starbucks or any similar shops in my country ( croatia ) , and i vaguely remember visiting one once in amsterdam , 7 years ago when i tried a caramel frappucino , which seemed most exotic from what i usually drink - usually straight espressos , or macchiatos of a with-minimal-milk sort , no sugar , as our local coffee culture is mostly about the basics . 
  anyways , i 'm visiting budapest this weekend , there are some starbucks stores there and i 'm looking for an advice on what to try . 
  i do n't know if their menu is different from the us one in any way ? 
  i 'm not averse to something sweet as a treat ( though i do n't normally drink it ) , i 'd certainly want to taste the coffee and get my caffeine . 
  so i 'm looking for suggestions for a strong but unique coffee drink . 
  thanks , 
  my first real bike , was commuting on it since december . 
  got my first flat on the rear wheel on monday , replaced it soon . 
  i did n't hear it happening , the puncture was very small and on the seam of two halves of the inner tube . 
  after about 30 km , i got another flat this morning . 
  this one was audible , and hissing . 
  after replacing it and driving for about 50 meters , my 3rd tube punctured right before my workplace . 
  here 's some details :, 
  * [ this ] ( http://imgur.com/d3ibyq0 ) is what the second puncture looks like . 
  it 's on the wheel side , not tire side - a bit above my thumb . 
  * third tube is still on wheel , have n't had the time to dismount it yet and check it out . 
  * wheels are 20 '' , i got french valves and a small hand pump with no gauge so i do n't know if i pumped them well enough , or maybe too much . 
  i pumped them quite hard . 
  * i tried patching them , but i 'm either doing it wrong ( maybe sanding too little ? ), 
  or my patches are bad . 
  they are self adhesive ones , and they always come off at sides and then the tube deflates . 
  * i inspected both tires and wheels visually and passed them with my fingers , did n't find anything sharp . 
  also , i do n't know if it 's related , but my chain started acting funny since i replaced the wheel for the first time - the lower end started flapping left and right at higher speeds , making noise . 
  help is very appreciated !, 
  thanks , 
  edit : pic link fixed, 
  hi there !, 
  i used to play back in beta , preordered the game , at the release played a high elf magicka sorc ( in ep ) , got to vr 4 or 5 . 
  lately i heard lots of good stuff about how the game was developing , so i was considering rejoining the game . 
  i read the patch notes , and i 've got some questions . 
  * one of the biggest downers for me was playing in the silver zones - vet dungeon runs in my bracket became hard to find , lots of grinding and questing with very few rewards , way harder mobs which made my previous pet-oriented playstyle almost useless ... etc. 
  if it was n't for the story , that 's when i would 've stopped playing . 
  i understand there 's now the champion point system and scaled dungeons which sort of address these issues ? 
  any other improvements in gameplay ( or other stuff to do ) if i started playing from the same point ? 
  * how grindy / necessary are these champion points ? 
  * what does the current endgame look like ? 
  ( i stopped playing not long after craglorn and trials was released , obviously have n't leveled to vr10 + ), 
  * subscription / dlcs . 
  are they crucial for the endgame experience ? 
  * i 've got werewolf . 
  is it still useless for a magicka character ? 
  * cyrodiil used to often suffer from long zoning times and lag , is that still an issue ? 
  * how long does it take to gear up nicely for pvp without getting utterly stomped by better geared players now ? 
  thanks !, 
  wow player here , have n't really played eq before much ( i tried live trial and f2p , got a few chars but max one was lvl 7 , was n't really thrilled with how live worked ) . 
  tried p99 , ran into debugger bug and crashing . 
  fixed it by stopping avg . 
  made a half-elf druid on blue , kelethin as starter town . 
  i managed to fall down , and started killing stuff in the forest . 
  few bats and wasps down , i got ganked by an orc oracle who suddenly appeared behind me and one-shotted me . 
  spent 15 minutes trying to find my corpse without any success . 
  i was i do n't know where . 
  deleted a character since it was still lvl 1 and made a new one . 
  let 's go again !, 
  started close to the lift and guards this time . 
  got a few helpfull buffs - run speed and damage reflect i think , which made me godlike compared to what i was before , reflect pretty much doubling my dps . 
  managed to get lvl 2 !, 
  ran around greater faydark , killed stuff , avoided getting killed , found a group of guys at what i gathered from ooc chat must 've been orc hill . 
  they apologized to me because they were full . 
  they . 
  apologized . 
  because they were full . 
  and advised me to level to 4 before camping orc hill . 
  i was stunned . 
  speechless . 
  compared to other mmos nowadays when most people just do their own thing until max lvl when they 're forced into grouping - or play lobby-like matchup dungeons and battlegrounds - here the general community seems to work really well . 
  best that i 've seen in a mmo . 
  despite the aged graphics and bad drawing distance , i 'm finding myself pulled into this server . 
  level 3 now , 
  however , i noticed almost half of the people around seem to be druids as well ? 
  did i choose my class poorly , will i have issues later ?
