  [ there 's a dark elf right there . 
  although , i did get the core books , not sure if you can select it without . 
  yup , compendium section is now filtered by the source book . 
  overpriced is a relative term . 
  considering that i do n't have a flgs that sells d&d ( they went full paizo ) in my entire country , nor a local amazon with free shipping , these digital versions are about half the price of what i 'd need to pay for a hardcover any other way . 
  also , i found the mobile version of website far more usable than reading pdfs on my phone . 
  tools are just an added bonus for me . 
  a valid point , and the one which had always been on my mind . 
  however , considering it 's on scalable , cloud architecture - if it does n't turn a profit and loses a lot of users , it will be cheaper to maintain than a dedicated server system . 
  also , d&d insider is still ongoing , years after 4e support is no longer available . 
  gives me high hopes for beyond . 
  dead tree versions take my already cramped shelf space , and things could happen to them even if i try to keep them safe ... whether these online versions are safer or not , i guess they 're safe enough for me to buy , all risks weighed in . 
  singles are expensive . 
  and that 's why you have all spells / items / feats etc. 
  packages , which are priced much better . 
  * make a single class character , open it, 
  * in the drop down menu at your name select `` manage levels '', 
  * click '' + add another class '' link at the bottom, 
  i play in person , with other people , and i want to use this product ( bought the core rulebooks ) . 
  considering that i do n't have a flgs that sells d&d ( they went full paizo ) in my entire country , nor a local amazon with free shipping , these digital versions are about half the price of what i 'd need to pay for a hardcover any other way . 
  also , i found the mobile version of website far more usable than reading pdfs on my phone . 
  tools are just an added bonus for me . 
  and they are a huge bonus . 
  so far i 've been using d&d beyond beta to look up some rules , as only my regular dm had the core rulebooks out of my entire group . 
  my group had so far been using some digital tools , like the spellbook app . 
  this seems like a one stop shop for everything i need . 
  all the content apart from basic/srd/eepc is tied to a digital book which needs to be purchased , and then allows all options from that book to be used in character creator and other tools - together with providing you the full text and art of the book of course . 
  or you can get the stuff you need a la carte . 
  or you can export the sheet to pdf and type in missing options manually . 
   and what exactly are you looking up ? 
  put the pdf of the book on your tablet or phone or laptop , and you 're good to go . 
  beyond is way faster , more comfortable and more usable for mobile use than pdfs . 
  personally , i prefer digital products - cheaper , no shelf space required at home , or backpack space when i go to games , more environment friendly , and i carry my phone wherever i go anyway . 
  the only physical 5e product i bought was a starter set . 
  out of about a dozen people in all my campaigns , there 's just one guy who got hardcover 3 core books , these books are on the table whenever we play and prep . 
  to put this in a perspective - i live in a country with a rather bad economy , no local flgs selling d&d , and no local amazon offering free or cheap shipping ... 
  my experience so far which included playing with pdfs was with pathfinder - using my bought pdfs as a reference worked , but was n't great . 
  as a direct comparison , beyond is way faster and more comfortable to use on my phone . 
  and beyond is what enabled me to buy the core books ( for now ) at a price i can afford , and convenience and tools which i want . 
  i do n't care much about vtts at the moment . 
  i referenced beyond during beta in my d&d game , worked perfect ( for the content it had back then ) , now i 'm pretty sure i wo n't need to use a physical book again . 
  i referenced pathfinder core pdf in my pfs game on my phone , everybody waited . 
  the second time i did that , i asked if i could borrow a printed version , for speed . 
  i know which one i prefer on mobile . 
  i got the core 3 rulebooks ( no sub ) and i 'm very satisfied with service/integration . 
  out of physical products i only own a starter set with lmop plus printed basic , my regular group dm has the core 3 books ... which i 've been planning to buy for a while , but decided to wait for the digital release on beyond . 
  so , while buying books on beyond is `` rebuying to use digital tools '' for people already heavily invested in the system , for those like me it 's a way cheaper and more accessible way to buying these books ( especially while the core rulebook sale lasts ) - with digital tools as a nice bonus . 
  the mobile experience is actually comfortable compared to pdfs , and i 'm looking forward to see how the full version and digital sheet actually works in game . 
  i bought the dmg immediately , but i did n't have the physical version so it was an easy choice for me . 
  some points to consider in favor of buying :, 
  * it 's on sale at the moment , if you do n't buy it now and decide you 'll want it later , you 'll end up paying more . 
  * magical items - they will save time compared to homebrewing them . 
  * you can use it as a quick/default reference when you need , and store your hardcover in a safe place ... meaning you need to carry less books and they 'll last longer . 
  the mobile access can probably help you prep and save time at times when you would n't have the book in front of you . 
  * race/class options from dmg ( such as eladrin or oathbreaker ) become available , if anyone is using those . 
  * since you have a master tier , making it available to your friends could also make it more likely that they decide to dm one day ... and since it increases the value of your master sub to your players , this might make them happier to chip in , if they 're chipping in already . 
  [ you need 13 in primary stats of both classes to qualify for a multiclass . 
  ] ( https://www.dndbeyond.com/compendium/rules/basic-rules/customization-options#prerequisites ), 
  forest gnome is not part of srd/basic , it 's part of phb . 
  i got the phb and i can select forest gnome . 
  the freely released content from wotc ( basic / srd ) is free here , including the rules , races , classes , spells and monster selection from basic . 
  everything from beta is still free ... 
  was n't that one like $ 10/month ? 
  beyond phb is $ 19.99 this week , and subs are both cheaper and optional . 
  getting phb on beyond is like 2 months of insider sub . 
  also , character generator is just a small part of the usability of beyond . 
  iirc , there was a demo which worked only up to level 3 . 
  if you 're the dm , you might still get use from beyond without paying anything . 
  some use cases :, 
  * set up a campaign for your players who do want to use beyond - this will give you a digital overview and edit options of their sheets, 
  * use it as an extra lookup tool for free content it has, 
  * characters using only free content are still viable and playable, 
  cos is under close consideration . 
  one of the players expressed interest in playing it . 
  from what i know of skt , out of all other published ones it 's the one i 'd most likely prefer to run . 
  i 'm running a lmop campaign , started with physical book , and switched to mainly using beyond version . 
  i mostly use the beyond version now for campaign prep ( as it 's with me at all times ) and for reference during play ( on my pc , multiple tabs are a must ) . 
  i also have a tv in the room i play in with a chromecast plugged in , so that 's one cool way to share pictures i need to share ( of environments , monsters etc ) , and pics provided in beyond campaign are high res . 
  i still find dungeon maps to be much easier and more convenient to draw from the book , and printed campaign gets more curious looks than whatever you 're running on pc . 
  but i 'd say i 'm referencing beyond version 90 % of the time , and printed version only 10 % of the time . 
  sorlock is a popular optimized multiclass for one of the best damage outputs in game . 
  however , the most `` optimized '' version of it starts you off as sorcerer for con save proficiency , and typically takes only two levels in warlock . 
  if you mc sorc you 'll gain zero proficiencies . 
  generally speaking , sorcerers are better at chugging aoe damage , while warlocks are better at spamming eldritch blast for top slotless cantrip damage . 
  sorlock allows the characters to do both , at the price of slower spell progression , with some quicken fun and lock slot recycling . 
  since you started as warlock , i suggest keeping it . 
  especially if this is your first game - warlock has much less bookkeeping compared to a sorcerer , and since your sorc spell progression would be lagging for 3 levels * and * you 'd skip the lvl 4 asi this mc would make your next few levels ... less fun . 
  staying lock you 'll have access to a fireball at level 5 , multiclassing to sorc will postpone it to level 8 and you 'll keep lagging after other full casters for 3 levels . 
  everybody can do damage , but your top level spells can mean a difference between a win and tpk . 
  they 're a game changer . 
  regarding spell slots , you probably wo n't use them a lot . 
  hex / darkness - you should probably use only one in a battle , unless your concentration drops - since they both use concentration . 
  remember that hex has 1 hour duration , and during that time while your concentration lasts you can shift it to a new target ( after the original one dies ) for the price of one bonus action . 
  once you get to level 5 ( and gain access to lvl 3 slots ) , your hex will last for 8 hours - probably an entire day of adventuring if you keep your concentration - and at level 9 for 24 hours ( !!! ) . 
  this will allow you to short rest , get your slots back , and * still * maintain hex . 
  you also get extra versatility with invocations and patron features . 
  i played a fey chainlock to mid levels , and spammed the hell out of mask of many faces and ascendant step everywhere i went , it was fun , 
  if you still want to multiclass , since you 're already at level 3 , i would suggest you stick with lock until your level 6 patron feature , and then look into taking 2 levels as a fighter - this will net you armor , shield and weapon proficiencies , few extra hp , +1 ac from defensive style , self-heal in the form of second wind , and action surge which you can use either as quickened eb , or for extra dash , disengage , or whatever you need . 
  i run lmop , and one of my players dms an oota campaign in which i 've been playing for the last year and a half . 
  we have different styles of running the game - i stick to by the book rules and try to tightly connect and weave pcs to the content that already exists and each other , while he prefers to house rule some stuff and expand the world with new stories written by and for players .
