  i 've practiced with 3 different studios - 1 of them doing easy , meditative hatha yoga which was physically not demanding and included lots of breathing ... 2 of them did power yoga , which was very challenging but in a good way . 
  never did hot yoga , but it 's similar to power yoga , just in a more hot environment . 
  as a dude , i was nervous going to the yoga class but it was cool . 
  i was usually not the only guy at the class ( though we were certainly in the minority ) , although there have been a few times where i was . 
  it 's a very welcoming and non-judging environment , and nobody gave me weird looks or said anything , even when i thought i 'm doing some stuff really badly . 
  dudes are often flexible/inflexible in different places than ladies . 
  personally , i hade huge problems with hamstrings . 
  but yoga is very much about individual approach and not really forcing yourselves into pretzels that you ca n't do , but going at your own pace . 
  even though i no longer attend group classes ( due to cost/convenience ) , but i found that those that i did helped me do yoga better from videos at home . 
  so i would recommend getting some classes . 
  perhaps you can get into a free or demo class if your studios hold them , these can be a great way to start - although you 'll probably get less individual attention than on a regular class ... 
  personally , i think yoga is awesome . 
  makes me feel rested after i 've done it . 
  i 'm doing the body beast now - i do n't live near any gyms , so i found the videos helpful . 
  for me , i like its ' split routine better than p90x , which - for me - offers far too little recovery . 
  i got great results ( i 'm a beginner ) , however the biggest factor in any results will be the diet rather than any routine . 
  also , i do prefer to do some extra stretching as bb has very little . 
  i do n't think you 'll need another program after bb - better spend that money on some extra weights so you can lift heavier . 
  what other guys said . 
  also consider doing planks , they 're an excellent exercise that you can do instead of crunches . 
  yeah , that happened to me too ... because your heart rate is still up , but you no longer get cooled by the wind as much . 
  did your sweating increase as you did c25k , or was it constant from w1 ? 
  i can relate to your childhood experiences , and i also did my w1d1 today , 
  i ran a bit last year though , and from my experiences ... take it slow . 
  just because you * can * run for 5 minutes straight does n't mean you * should * . 
  your leg muscles can take that - they 're probably well developed if you 've got extra weight - but the rest of your body ( including nerves , connective tissues etc ) might be lagging behind . 
  that 's also the case with me and i also experienced shin pain when i started going too hard , too fast . 
  also , see if you can get your gait checked if any of your shoe stores got the correct equipment - that might help . 
  be patient and you 'll achieve your goals safely , 
  do n't lift in running shoes , you could get injured . 
  you can do weight machines in gym and stuff but do n't do deadlifts , squats etc. 
  in them . 
  you should do that in something with a sole that is flat and thin . 
  for running , well ... that depends on your goals . 
  you can run 5k in anything . 
  but if you plan to run marathons , you might want to consider your footwear . 
  if you want to invest in your running shoes , you might get by with cheap everyday shoes . 
  or you can go / r/barefootrunning and your money issues are solved !, 
  if neither of these is a satisfactory answer , then i guess staying with your current shoes or buying some cheap shoes ( such as those from lidl ... they can be decent for the price ) would be your answer until you save enough money to buy what you need . 
  great !, 
  knowing that you * can * helps a lot !, 
  good luck on your journey ahead , and remember - do n't push yourself too often , 
  remember that c25k is about getting you ready to safely run a 5k . 
  extra calories burned and potential weight loss are merely a side effect  weight loss is mostly about what you eat . 
  if you restrict your calories , you 'll lose weight . 
  c25k will burn a few extra calories ( as well as give you some strength and endurance ) , but any successful weight loss will need to involve changes in the kitchen . 
  i 'm doing c25k , and i 'm losing weight successfuly and quickly - but i also eat less and weight train on top of that . 
  i ca n't tell you when you 're going to lose weight because that depends on your food intake . 
  myfitnesspal is a great website and app that can help you track your food intake , caloric requirements , and macros for the goals you choose ... and workouts as well . 
  several c25k apps tie in right into mfp account , and help you with tracking . 
  also , take it easy with running !, 
  just because you can run extra does n't mean you should always do that . 
  wait a few weeks and the same task should be much easier . 
  feel free to push yourself on the race day , but keep safe while training , 
  i do n't always eat clean , but i 'm using myfitnesspal to keep track of my macros . 
  i 'm doing the intermittent fasting , and eat only once a day ( or in a short period of time ) , usually dinner only - trying to hit my caloric goal , which is cutting 1 kg a week at the moment . 
  popping a multivitamin each day , and sometimes a protein shake if the rest of my diet is low on protein . 
  also doing weight training ( along with c25k ) to keep my muscle mass up . 
  it 's working well so far . 
  congrats on your decision to quit smoking !, 
  i also quit cold turkey , 3 years ago , after smoking for 12 years . 
  your lungs ** will ** keep improving in the next few months . 
  i was also bad at running at school . 
  but last year i ran my first 5k . 
  what training program do you use now ? 
  also , reduce your running speed . 
  if that means going to a slow jog which is barely faster than walking , than that 's what it 'll take . 
  build distance first - speed can come later . 
  ouch , that 's a short time . 
  there are several hm specific training programs . 
  i suggest checking them out . 
  as an answer to your question : distance takes priority . 
  it 's way easier than i anticipated . 
  first day was hard , but afterwards it just felt ... normal . 
  the hunger is simply no longer there ( unless you just happen to walk past the restaurant or something , the smell will make you ravenous ) . 
  i even find myself to be in a better mood in the morning - i feel rested , energetic and alert , better than when i was when i was eating several meals a day . 
  however , my energy levels can go down a bit later in a day , as my meal approaches . 
  however , i found out that when i eat i started eating in a slower manner . 
  i used to eat really quickly . 
  for some reason , it has slowed down . 
  i do n't have a `` usual '' meal , it varies a lot but i try to have a protein source every day ( meat , fish , eggs or if not that a post-workout protein shake ) . 
  several times a week i 'll have a coleslaw ( with vinaigrette ) as a side dish . 
  most of my meals will also include some form of soup . 
  i often eat pasta , rice and ( boiled or baked ) potatoes with it ( i commonly eat boiled potatoes with cabbage or chard ) . 
  trying to hit approximately 1000-1500 calories for that meal . 
  if it 's on the lower end , i 'll add a fruit piece and/or a shake . 
  doing it for the past few weeks , great results !, 
  couch to 5k week 1 has intervals of running for 1 minute , and then walking for minute and a half . 
  can you do that ? 
  remember , you do n't need to run much faster than walking . 
  if you still have difficulties , / r/c25k faq suggests these extra weeks to build up your endurance :, 
   if you ca n't complete the program 's first week , then add the following to the beginning of your program :, 
   week -1 : run 30 seconds , walk 60 seconds . 
  repeat . 
   week 0 : run 45 seconds , walk 90 seconds . 
  repeat 3 times . 
   complete each of the above 3 times in a single week and then , either a ) move onto week 1 or b ) complete `` week 0.5 '' below, 
   week 0.5 : run 60 seconds , walk 90 seconds , repeat 4 times . 
  yes . 
  hmm ...
