  you 'll achieve best results by combining proper nutrition and workout . 
  first , sign up at myfitnesspal , set up your goals and start logging your foods . 
  because otherwise you could be working your ass off , but not see any results if you 're undoing all your hard work in the kitchen . 
  that 's the shortest route to becoming frustrated and unmotivated ( was it the reason you saw zero results in the gym ? ) . 
  and also , eating 500 calories less is far easier than sweating them out . 
  if you think crossfit will work for you , try it - several boxes offer a free intro class . 
  there are other options though - check out / r/bodyweightfitness and / r/c25k - if it gets you moving , and it is something that you can do , go for it . 
  but remember - your weight loss will mostly come from your nutritional adjustments . 
  what program did you follow after c25k ? 
  this . 
  a slice of bread . 
  what are the dimensions of bread ? 
  how thick is that slice anyway ? 
  2 inches ? 
  1/16000th of a furlong ? 
  grams please . 
  it 's hard to do so . 
  * you might need to cut a bit extra - especially on non drinking days, 
  * before you drink , do the intermittent fasting - eat nothing for the entire day , and then eat a big meal ( preferrably low-carb but fatty ) before you go drinking, 
  * drink less . 
  you will get drunk more easily while on a cut, 
  * manage dehydration by drinking a lot of water when you can ( before , during and after your drinking ), 
  * avoid the temptation of post-drinking junk food ( or at least keep it to the absolute minimum ), 
  * i usually pop an ibuprofen for the headache the day after if i need it, 
  * track your calories and make it up if you need to, 
  nice man , great job and congratulations on your progress !, 
  we 're on the same journey  i 'm your height , started from 108 and currently down to 96 . 
  i 'd guess your bf is about 20-ish % based on the last photo ? 
  best to measure it - you can use the calipers , or at least a tape measure to get approximated bf % calculation . 
  looking at your post - did you try to openly , honestly talk to her about this ? 
  because it sounds like you 're doing it in secret since you 're trying not to push her . 
   she tells me she does n't want to lose me , so i know she feels insecure . 
  if you did n't tell her `` honey , i need to lose my weight or i 'll probably die from a heart attack '' , she might think you 're losing weight to become hotter to impress somebody else . 
  encourage her to support your lifestlye . 
  tell her you 're afraid of another heart attack , and that this is important to you . 
  tell her that not eating that much junk food has already made you feel better and healthier . 
  ask her to support you in this , and tell her it 's important to you . 
  she might end up following your lead . 
  let us know if it worked . 
  you 're still growing - that makes it easier for you to bring a lot of positive changes to your health !, 
  * stay clear of junk food, 
  * replace sodas with water, 
  * eat less bread with your food, 
  * avoid candies , snacks , desserts etc. , or ask for a piece of fruit instead, 
  * eat slower , that will make you full with less food, 
  * drink more water, 
  * try getting your parents to sign you up for some sports or other activities that you 'd like ... football , martial arts , dancing , swimming , boy scouts , whatever you like - as long as you keep moving, 
  * there are some bodyweight exercises that you can easily do almost everywhere and without being noticed as long as you got some privacy - plank holds , push ups , dips , l-sits , inverted rows , bodyweight squats , lunges , crunches etc. 
  for more info see / r/bodyweightfitness, 
  good luck !, 
  and remember : stay true to your goals . 
  being stronger and more able is much more fun than otherwise . 
  source : i grew overweight at 12 , and i kept growing fatter ... it 's still something i 'm fixing at my age of 30 . 
   - elliptical instead of treadmill, 
  are you doing c25k to run a 5k ? 
  ideally , you should be running outside ( so the stuff like gym being closed and being out of town should n't be an issue ) - treadmill being the second best option . 
  elliptical ... maybe if you got injured knees or something , but it is impactless so it does n't really simulate running too much . 
  do you want to get better at running or at training with an elliptical ? 
  you get better primarily at what you train at . 
   - running every day instead of every other day, 
  this could be the reason for your low energy levels - your body did n't recover . 
   - warm up for 5 minutes at 5-6 mph, 
  ok , maybe a bit too fast . 
   - walking pace has been around 4-5 mph , running pace has been 7-9mph, 
   - cool down for 5-10 minutes at 3-4 mph, 
  this sounds fine . 
  my advice is : continue from your current week , but do it properly and with proper spacing out . 
  if you want to do something on your days in between c25k days , try lifting . 
  did you cut calories in the beast phase , or did you eat in a surplus all the time ? 
  i 'm currently cutting on body beast , and it 's working great for me . 
  i track my calories , and i 'm on a 1000 cal/day deficit diet . 
  i 'm melting fat and gaining definition like crazy , while body beast keeps my muscles , 
  so yeah , my advice : best workout = fork putdowns . 
  because even if you change workouts , if you keep bad dietary habits you 're gon na see bad results . 
  eat less calories ( track them , do n't just guess them !, 
  ) , and do another round of body beast on -500 to -1000 calories a day and you 'll get shredded . 
   my knees are fine , but i am worried about impact . 
  i am still overweight and do n't want to damage my knees long term . 
  i probably have about 50 pounds to lose . 
  do n't worry about that , you wo n't damage your knees ... as long as you run with proper form , and most importantly slower . 
  it might sound weird , but that 's actually the key to running safely and with no injuries . 
   is there an equivalent `` couch to arnold '' or `` couch to jason statham '' program ? 
   i never know quite what machines , schedule , weights , etc. 
  i should be lifting aside from `` arms '' or `` legs '' . 
  disclaimer : i do n't in fact own a gym membership since i live too far from any gym , so my routines are limited since i do n't have much equipment at home . 
  however , you may try googling `` stronglifts 5x5 '' - it 's a free barbell routine that will increase your strength . 
  alternatively , check out the jefit smartphone app , it has a lot of gym routines . 
  / r/fitness can offer more insight on that - and if gym ends up closed again , you might check out / r/bodyweightfitness, 
  i 've done yoga a lot last year ... this year i simply ca n't find time to do it often , but i still do it on occasion when i have some time . 
  it 's a great isometric strength exercise . 
  it will provide strength benefits , especially for legs and core - perhaps even for upper body if he can do handstands , crows etc. 
  he 'll learn some new moves and break a sweat . 
  he will also be challenged in balance and flexibility . 
  and he 'll also end up rested , and awesomely stretched ( those lifting muscles will appreciate it ) . 
  `` not challenging enough '' is a weak excuse , especially for something he has n't tried yet - but if he really thinks that , tell him that it 's gon na be his rest day then . 
  to be honest , he probably wishes to avoid being looked funny at , or feeling feminine or something . 
  i had the same issues , and was nervous myself - but i found it 's a very non-judging environment , i was just one of many and i did n't see anybody staring at me or making any comments . 
  i found the environment comfortable , and i usually was n't the only guy there . 
  are you planning to run a 5k race , or are you doing c25k for general exercise ? 
  if you 're planning to run an actual 5k , training on the road will work much better - not to mention cheaper .
