  i practice mostly nogi ( only a few months of experience ) , and i fractured a rib some 6 weeks ago , and re-fractured it about 4 weeks ago when i thought it healed but apparently it did n't . 
  so currently i 'm not training , but i 'm on my way to recovery . 
  i train at a students club , which has awesome teachers at very low prices , but unfortunately it 's about to close for summer break . 
  and i already miss getting choked and armbarred and sometimes managing to do the same to my fellow students . 
  any suggestions on what to do until september when the school reopens ? 
  it 's been almost 15 years since i played d&d regularly . 
  i did play a few games using 3.0 , 3.5 , pathfinder and next playtest , but in total maybe that were a dozen games in that time . 
  nearly all of the stuff i played were homebrew games . 
  the reasons why i did n't play were that my original play groups dispersed , and afterwards i moved to a place where i was very far from where most people gathered . 
  and then came the kids . 
  anyways , to make story short i moved back to the city , started hanging out with many people who play ( or who 'd like to play ) d&d , and currently i 'm playing in a 5e campaign ( out of the abyss ) and i 'm having a blast . 
  however , we do n't play often ( about bi-weekly ) , and i 've been thinking about starting another game , one which could involve my wife and kids . 
  which brings me to my next questions . 
  first of all , does anyone have an experience with introducing the game and playing with kids about the age of 6 ? 
  is that possible , while keeping the game interesting to adults as well ? 
  or should i just send em off to sleep ? 
  second , i 'm still uncertain to what would be the best choice to play , but i 'd like to run a pre-written adventure . 
  i really like what i 've seen from 5e and how it plays in the practice . 
  however , i still have my 2e books and forgotten realms set which includes the `` beneath the twisted tower '' adventure which i 've read but never had the chance to run , and i do n't know how it plays . 
  i also own a bunch of pathfinder pdfs which i got off humble bundle several months ago for a dollar , and it includes the rules + part 1 of hell 's rebels ap . 
  5e would require further investment , as i do n't own any of the products . 
  in my opinion , system is secondary - content is king . 
  so basically i 'm trying to weigh whether it 's more worth playing the 2e adventure which i have , pathfinder ap which is longer but i do n't have it completely , or to invest in 5e . 
  for ( maybe ) my kids , whom i 'll be introducing and for my wife and friends who do n't mind which system we 're playing in . 
  if you played or ran these adventures please let me know what you think of them  just reading the stuff does n't paint the whole picture . 
  thank you for your time . 
  long story short - i started my weight loss journey 2 years ago . 
  i started at 108 kg ( 238 lbs ) , with my initial goal to lose 30 kg . 
  i started working out ( cardio and light strength exercises ) and eating healthier . 
  about 6 months in i discovered loseit , started tracking food , added running and replaced my previous workouts with bodyweight training . 
  one year in i was at 84 kg ( 185 lbs ) . 
  4 months later i was at 80 kg ( 176 lbs ) and ran a half marathon at 2:11 . 
  however , this was when my life had some changes . 
  i moved closer to the center of the city . 
  switched jobs . 
  my social life improved . 
  with a local gym available , i took strength training and martial arts . 
  i bought a bicycle and started cycling to my job instead of driving . 
  i stopped tracking because i decided i lost enough weight , and to gain some strength , so i started eating more . 
  this had some negative effects as well . 
  cycling commute and martial arts sapped my running energy . 
  improved social life also meant plenty of beers . 
  and while i gained a lot of strength , i gained some weight back so i was 89 kg ( 196 lbs ) 2 months ago . 
  i was far stronger and more athletic than at 80 though - i could do more pushups and pullups than before , i was doing headstands for the first time in my life , and i could grapple for a few rounds without losing my breath . 
  since summer was approaching ( beachtime !, 
  ) , i decided to start the cut again to lose some weight . 
  i also pushed my training harder ... and ended up injured . 
  broke my rib during training . 
  i missed training , so as soon as i felt better i returned to it ... and re-cracked that rib again : /, 
  this got me depressed . 
  and i made a classical mistake by eating the same amounts i was used to , but without 9 hours a week of training . 
  the only thing i still did was my bike commute . 
  my upper body started losing shape even more , and i grew a beer gut . 
  10 days ago i weighed in at 92 kg ( 202 lbs ) . 
  while not weighing and logging my food anymore , i eyeballed the ammount of how much i ate and it shocked myself when i counted about 3500 calories/day in my head ... 
  so yeah , went back to nutrition . 
  halved the calories . 
  lost the water weight ( and a bit more ) over those 10 days . 
  spent a week at the beach , slept a lot and went swimming every day . 
  currently at 89 kg again , weaker than before the injury - but almost recovered from it ... 
  not all is lost though , my body does look different than it did the first time i lost weight and when i was my current weight . 
  my muscles are bigger - especially triceps , delts , traps , lats and quads . 
  my body is noticably more v-shaped than the first time around , and just feels different . 
  i 'm probably at lower bf % now . 
  eager to see this through , and i ca n't wait to be able to start training again . 
  not gon na mess up my nutrition again . 
  after a 3 month break from my training due to getting my ribs cracked ( and my gym closing down for summer ) , my stroke of bad luck continued and the first training i went to ( last evening ) i managed to break my pinky toe  . < my partner landed on my foot during a takedown . 
  i actually managed to complete the rest of the training and came home with no issues , but this morning there was some swelling . 
  it 's not that bad , but it 's uncomfortable and the rear part of my toe is blue . 
  i buddy taped my toes , and it helped . 
  my questions are :, 
  * i do n't want to go have a cast , had that the last time i broke my toe which was 20 years ago and it was shit , and besides i miss the mats . 
  can i still continue my training and rolling without permanently damaging / worsening my condition ? 
  like , possibly only using tape and ibuprofen ? 
  my next training is tomorrow . 
  * is there anything in particular during training i should look to avoid ? 
  * if that happened to you as well , how did you deal with it , and how long did it take for you to heal ? 
  hey everyone . 
  i 'm not a km practicioner myself , but i 've been considering signing up my 6 year old son in a nearby krav maga gym . 
  `` nearby '' meaning one minute away from my home by foot , it 's really a very convenient location . 
  the gym is affiliated with krav maga global , and judging from [ their promo video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k6ndh29stbq ) it looks like a fun activity for my kid . 
  my son has never tried any martial art , but he 's expressed interest in boxing - although no boxing gyms here take kids under 10 years old . 
  the above video got him more interested than any karate , taekwondo , judo or aikido presentation ( which are the only other groups to take kids his age ) , especially when he saw the punching . 
  my question is - does anyone have any experience with kids programs like that ( classes would be 2x a week , 1 hr each ) ? 
  i 'm curious how much my kid would learn ... both from physical and mental point of view , and how it would compare with other martial arts kids programs , or adult km . 
  thanks . 
  so , here 's my story . 
  about a year ago i moved to the city , which made it feasible for me to do some martial arts which i always wanted to do . 
  i signed up in a school which has several groups of various martial arts , in a class which did kempo and traditional japanese jujutsu . 
  this is when i discovered my love of the ground grappling , something i have n't really considered before . 
  however , that group does n't do a lot of ground grappling ( maybe once a month ) , and while i remained in that group i also joined a `` grappling '' group , which did a combination of wrestling and nogi . 
  training and conditioning there was hard , and i got injured a few times ( pecs , ribs , feet etc ) , having to keep off the mats - got maybe 2 months of training there in total . 
  recently however , the school had a sudden change of schedule - which caused me to drop my grappling class ( as i could not attend that timeslot anymore ) , and sign up for a regular bjj class ( which was now in that timeslot , and for the first time i could attend it ) . 
  it was an eye-opener . 
  i learned some very basic stuff which i was not taught before , and some of it i could actually pull while rolling . 
  bjjer for 10 days and so far i 'm loving it . 
  my group is crazy , friendly and very social , and our teacher is a purple belt . 
  i already feel i improved since i started , and i 'm much more aware of my body position while rolling , although i 'm still too passive with my legwork . 
  this weekend my jjj group did some rolling , and i was able to utterly dominate ( and give a few tips to ) the guy who was previously my equal ... he said he 'll also be signing up for bjj now :d, 
  however , there 's one guy in my bjj class whom i have absolutely no idea on how to counter .
