  go huntin ' , skin your kill and fashion it into armor . 
  that 's the most hardcore leather armor you could get . 
  ... or if you 're buying leather , make sure it 's vegetable tanned and not chrome tanned . 
  vegetable tanned smells sweet , more natural , and is of natural brownish colors . 
  chrome tanned can get blue tint and smell like chemicals . 
  make sure it 's a full thickness leather , not just a few layers . 
  vegetable tanned leather is more historically accurate , better for environment and it hardens better when you boil it . 
  also make sure to use leather care products , or your beloved piece of armor will soon dry and crack . 
  hey  over the past 2 years i wrote this large series about starting a new larp , take a look and start from the bottom since that 's where the oldest articles are : http://www.crolarper.com/search/label/start%20a%20larp, 
  since you 'll be joining an existing group , check out this guide i wrote : http://www.crolarper.com/2014/08/these-10-easy-steps-are-all-you-need-to.html - not all of it will apply to amtgard ( especially the part under character creation ) , but i believe you 'll find it to be useful advice . 
  i prefer physical healing . 
  it gives way more opportunities for play . 
  in many games i play , even magical or alchemical healing is not instant - it just speeds up recovery , cleans infections etc. 
  in my opinion instant healing is ideal for combat-packed larps with a very limited runtime . 
  otherwise , they 're lost rp opportunity . 
  on several larps we 're trying to organize an off zone . 
  if players ca n't keep character all the time , or need to have an out-of-character discussion , or they had a particularly draining moment , they can go be off in the offzone . 
  we still had people breaking characters in the in-zone , but the frequency of that has gotten down . 
  there will typically be an area designated as `` nirvana '' . 
  once killed , lift your hand/weapon up and go there and ( if you got any lives remaining ) do your death count which will also be set before game starts . 
  then you respawn at your base . 
  alternatively , if you participate in a `` ditch '' battle , you just move to the side until the round is complete . 
  then rejoin your team for the next round . 
  ( except if your team won but you were the first one to die - then you join the other team to balance it out ), 
  there 's bicolline in quebec , canada . 
  but you just missed the major event , it was last week - larping.org should have the coverage later . 
  us full-immersion larps that i know of are avegost in georgia and the upcoming arcane in connecticut which will start in september . 
  but these are relatively far from you . 
  i wrote an article recently which you might find useful : http://www.crolarper.com/2014/08/these-10-easy-steps-are-all-you-need-to.html - it also has links to several larp directories , perhaps you 'll find something agreeable to you there . 
  vampire works nicely , but it 's * very * tied in to the setting . 
  good luck with running chronos !, 
  i probably wo n't be running anything using it at the moment ( as i 'm overbooked with other projects ) , but in the future - who knows ? 
  bleed is not always negative or inappropriate . 
  some players may play for the bleed . 
  otherwise , it can be a useful tool for the gm ( e.g. 
  scare the player to scare the character ) . 
  one of the most important things about bleed is knowing about it and accepting that it happens - that way you are better equipped to deal with it . 
  talking about it can help a lot ( although breaking the silence can seem uncomfortable ) . 
  also if you know you canbot handle a situation in a way you like , you have full right - a duty even - to refuse such play , and the environment needs to be ok with that . 
  bleed can be surprizingly powerful for new players and those not used to dealing with it . 
  you can talk about it as a gm or a fellow player ... or link to the existing materials to cover it . 
  one of the techniques that can help is the debriefing buddy . 
  pair up with your buddy and talk it through . 
  and even in the games that feature no debriefing , there 's usually some post game meeting which can serve a similar purpose . 
  i recommend calimacil if you go hard on each other , as latex can tear if you go rough on it . 
  but if you still want to use latex - sun , uv lights , sharp armor edges and oil of any kind are your enemy , keep your latex away from them if you want the weapon to last . 
  use silicone lubricant to keep weapons smooth and non-sticky - if they 're sticky , latex can tear . 
  if you do n't have any silicone lubricant handy , use talc powder - non-perfumed one is the best . 
  ah , so this is the reason why i got the mad amount of hits on that article on my blog in the last few days ... , 
  fighting quickly is one thing ( again , `` that does not mean you need to move in slow motion ! '' ) . 
  drumrolling is another . 
  if you get something like 5 taps in 2 seconds ( where the sword hits you , goes up 2 cm and then hits you again ) , that is drumrolling . 
  real weapons are n't too heavy , but they are n't weightless . 
  and do n't fall asleep with shoes on . 
  here 's a few :, 
  * crush your enemies, 
  * see them driven before you, 
  * hear the lamentations of their women, 
  but seriously ... 
  i play a lot of larps . 
  i run a number of them too . 
  some of them are very different genres , some have goals which are very different from other larps around . 
  i like different larps for different reasons , and i [ write ] ( http://www.crolarper.com ) about that . 
  well then , 90 degree is not drumrolling . 
  some larps also use `` count max . 
  x hits per second '' rule . 
  however , there is an important distinction - very few larps over here in europe use such rules , a lot of us go with just generally defined `` make it look ok '' . 
  see [ dkwddk ] ( http://www.crolarper.com/2014/06/dkwddk-mechanic-less-larping.html ) for more inspiration . 
  there will certainly be some combat , but done outside of the main playgroup . 
  sticking 3-4 people into a combat bubble for 3 hours is n't a problem . 
  sticking 20 + people is  ( because you spend a loooong time waiting for your turn ), 
  i 'm also considering a game format consisting of major larp moots and smaller tabletop action sessions . 
  i know  i 've already set aside the budget for when their kickstarter goes live . 
  hi there  sounds cool . 
  i wrote a [ few articles about starting your own larp ] ( http://www.crolarper.com/search/label/start%20a%20larp ) which you might find helpful  i also wrote a [ one page system ] ( http://www.crolarper.com/p/simple-larp-system.html ) , feel free to use it if you like it . 
  or , alternatively , a philosophy like [ this ] ( http://www.crolarper.com/2014/06/dkwddk-mechanic-less-larping.html ) can replace the rules . 
  if you 're running a battlegame , permanent death might be troublesome , but allowing characters to get back to health ( or respawn , if you 're gon na be more gamey ) can work well , as it will allow a team to accomplish objectives but not put anyone out of play . 
  you might encounter some issues of combat being faster than you probably think , so it 's better to plan in advance to ensure you get the pacing you want and not a long wait / quick skirmish / nothing else happening . 
  if you feel like it , you might also want to check some groups such as amtgard ( if you want magic ) , dagorhir or belegarth ( if you do n't ) , you can open a chapter with them for free . 
  they are basically battlegame pvp groups which sounds like what you 're describing . 
  yup , i already thought about sept focus ( and perhaps pack focus on smaller events ) , determining positions and involving pentex . 
  creating the actual caern on the first event is a totally awesome idea , i love it , 
  nicely written !, 
  i 'll certainly keep that in mind , 
  bbq on a ww larp is a glorious idea , 
  i already [ write a larp blog ] ( http://www.crolarper.com/ ) so i do n't have much time , but if you wish you may republish articles from it , as long as you name me as author and link to the source as [ my posts are under creative commons ] ( http://www.crolarper.com/2012/10/larp-knowledge-must-be-free.html ) . 
  you 're one of them guys ? 
  cool !, 
  did filming take a long time ? 
  depends on your budget ... how about feast gear ? 
  bowls or utensils or something . 
  with setting-appropriate looks of course . 
  the only thing that 's universal to larp is role-playing another character . 
  everything else - regarding weapon safety , how combat works , how hard and how often do people fight - is basically down to a specific larp . 
  but remember that different larps can have different theories about what would make a safe weapon , and they would often disagree with one another as well . 
  we often have arguments between players from larps which use homemade boffer weapons and larps which use store-bought latex weapons . 
  boffer folks claim that latex is unsafe because these weapons strike harder due to their surface , often have pointier bits which could end up in your eye socket , plus they cost more , require maintenance and are not as durable . 
  latex folks claim that homemade boffers are of questionable quality and easier to suffer a catastrophic , injury-causing breakdown , strike harder due to heavier weight , often have less flexible cores which do n't absorb the impact as well , plus they look like giant dildos instead of proper weapons . 
  as you can imagine , these groups often have very different opinions on what makes a safe weapon . 
  you 'll usually find boffers prevalent in usa and eastern europe , for different reasons : in usa there 's a lot of traditional larps and battlegames , while in eastern europe it 's most often that people are cost conscious .
