  if it works for your friend , great . 
  that 's all it needs to be . 
  calling your own `` superior '' is missing the point . 
  * there is surprise , but no surprise round . 
  check out how surprise works . 
  myself and plenty of others did a similar mistake . 
  * opportunity attacks are ( usually ) provoked only when leaving reach , and not while moving through it or casting spells . 
  move can be split between actions ( and attacks ) , and there 's no 5 ' step or full-round actions . 
  * concentration is vastly different . 
  * armor does n't decrease speed anymore ( unless you 're wearing heavy armor under its ' strength threshold ) . 
  there 's a difference . 
  ogl content is open and released for free , which means other companies could reuse/reprint/reimplement it in their own products . 
  they ca n't do so with non-ogl content . 
  wotc went full ogl during 3 . x , which got them pathfindered , which is what they 're trying to avoid ever since . 
  so they released a relatively small subset of rules under ogl , since as they say in the srd faq :, 
   the goal of the srd is to allow users to create new content , not to replicate the text of the whole game . 
  so they 're treading carefully , trying to be open enough to allow some 3rd party content , but not releasing as much as to allow a very close clone of the game to be made at some point . 
  hmm . 
  that seems great . 
  however , we do n't have a core campaign currently ongoing . 
  i might check out with my vc if there would be enough interest for one . 
  my current stats are 12 12 10 7 18 16 . 
  my build has plenty of ranged attacks ( with fire and magic domain powers + channel ) , so i 'm trying to stay out of melee and to utilize as much cover as it 's available . 
  thanks !, 
  looks like a great site , 
  thanks , 
  hmm good point there ... 
  a warlock can cast eldritch blast as :, 
  * action . 
  that 's the usual way to cast it . 
  * another action , only if he has 2 + levels of fighter ( action surge , 1/short rest ), 
  * bonus action , only if he has 3 + levels of sorcerer ( metamagic , quickened spell , 2 sorcery points ), 
  * reaction , as an attack of opportunity , only if he has war caster feat, 
  he ca n't do it infinite times per round . 
  my original reasoning and planning was something like this :, 
  * 12 is partially for the load , and partially for the attack bonus . 
  with my domains , my main attack ( as planned , and in the first game ) was [ hand of the acolyte ] ( http://www.d20pfsrd.com/classes/core-classes/cleric/domains/paizo---domains/magic-domain ) , which is helped by strength . 
  i 'm flinging around my greataxe ( orcs get proficiency with it ) at 30 ft , +4 , 1d12 +1 . 
  * except for the horde situations , this would get outmatched by channeling but remaining usable around lvl 3-5 , depending on the situation . 
  i was planning to pick up improved channel , and running around combat under eagle 's splendor channeling big numbers , while having enough charisma to selectively protect the entire party ( and summons ) . 
  * raise wis and get some casting feats for higher levels , where i 'd probably switch to pure caster , with channeling decent enough to remain relevant, 
  so , this was my original plan - though i do n't really have a good knowledge about pathfinder balance in mid to high levels . 
  if i guesstimated correctly , this build would come online at around lvl 3 . 
  i am listening to all the arguments and advice here . 
  interesting stuff , opposing opinions . 
  i 'm still reconsidering what to do . 
  hmm . 
  some good points there . 
  although , i should note - since i channel negative energy with that character ( and i hurt people instead of healing them ) , i either need selective channeling and high charisma ( to increase dc and the number of targets ) , or i can safely dump charisma to 7 as without selective channeling , i wo n't channel unless i get myself an undead army , 
  +1 d6 every odd level looked good to me , but on the other hand i do n't know the scope of stuff other pathfinder characters can do at mid levels . 
  it 's just the first combat round . 
  opposing stealth / perception checks ( usually ) determine who is surprised , and who is not . 
  those not surprised act normally . 
  those who are surprised still get a turn officially - they ca n't move or take action , however , they can use a reaction after their turn ends . 
  case a : monk is surprised , and has an initiative of 12 . 
  a bandit ( initiative 16 ) shoots him with an arrow . 
  he hits , monk gets hurt . 
  case b : monk is surprised , and has an initiative of 18 and ca n't do nothing on his turn . 
  a bandit ( initiative 16 ) shoots him with an arrow . 
  he hits , but monk gets his reaction to deflect missiles . 
  he rolls well , catches the projectile , spends one ki and throws the arrow back at him . 
  ... yeah , figured out how surprise works after about 9 months of playing , i 'm not exactly the brightest example either . 
  ouch . 
  is core that much less popular ? 
  so , what should scale best with a cleric ? 
  summoning ? 
  here they start with str and dex saves , which is kinda meh . 
  they get better at lvl 7 with evasion . 
  they get absolutely amazing at lvl 14 with diamond soul . 
  but first few levels they are kind of easy to wreck with spells . 
  hmm . 
  could i get one without buying ultimate equipment ? 
  ok . what do you think of this rebuild as a battle cleric ? 
  stats : str : 18 dex : 13 con : 16 int : 7 wis : 14 cha : 7 ( +2 is used on str ), 
  deity and domains : replaced with gorum , destruction and glory . 
  alignment switched to cn . 
  no subdomains , i do n't have apg . 
  switching to positive channeling so i get at least 1 aoe heal out of the class feature . 
  feat : toughness . 
  going for power attack next , then cleave . 
  14 hp at level 1 , almost double the previous amount . 
  5e is my preferred system for tabletop nowadays . 
  i did some gurps back in the day ( 15 years ago ) , but that was a sci-fi game . 
  until 5e , my preferred system was 2e . 
  did some 3e and 3.5 e back in the day . 
  nowadays , i sometimes do play pathfinder , but after spending some time with 5e i find it ... a bit clunky . 
  way more math , and all the little bonuses and penalties which i find frustrating compared to the cleaner proficiency/advantage system of 5e . 
  i have to say i prefer 5e 's skill system . 
  yeah , only 18 skills , but some of the older skills are now tools so there 's not a lack of depth involved . 
  pathfinder does have more options , but there 's a lot of non-viable ones among them . 
  i do like plenty of things about it . 
  there 's a lot of great writing in its ' adventures . 
  and it scales much much more than d&d , getting to high power levels and trivializing lower level content quickly . 
  now , this can be either good or bad - but it certainly gives a different feeling and experience when playing these games . 
  i also played/ran fate . 
  i liked it , but it has a totally different focus and base mechanics . 
  it runs everything , like gurps , but it 's focused on the narrative side of things rather than mechanical/simulationist . 
  i probably would n't run a long campaign in it , but there are some nice lessons in how it does things . 
  worth trying . 
  vampire the masquerade is another system which i do/run , but more often in larp format than in tabletop so i wo n't compare it directly .
