  totally different behavior compared to when my wife is n't present , usually she 's chatty . 
  this has been going on for more than a year . 
  she 's the one initiating contact every time , i often outright ignore her texts or just answer something in a disinterested way . 
  she claims she does n't want to do anything , and then something like that happens and i really have no clue where she 's going with this and what she hopes to accomplish . 
  ** tl ; dr ** : says she does n't want anything , keeps texting me random stuff , not sure what to do or how to react . 
  i 'm a local , 190 cm tall ddf athletic guy and this is a standing offer so feel free to pm even if a lot of time has passed since posting this . 
  i love doing it , it 's the best thing in the world . 
  if you 're clean and freshly showered , i 'm interested . 
  reciprocation will not be assumed , expected or required , but we can talk about it if you feel like it . 
  i 'm a local , 190 cm tall ddf athletic guy , free to pm even if a lot of time has passed since posting this . 
  if you 're clean , hit me up . 
  i 'd be more than willing to reciprocate . 
  started doing bjj properly about 5 months ago , 2-3 times a week , but i only really trained half of that time due to injuries ( broke a toe , cracked some ribs ) , picking up some bacteria on the mats and work obligations . 
  i 'm slow . 
  i move much more slowly than most other people on mats . 
  i also learn slower , compared to my peers who started with me , and lots of newer people have surpassed me as well . 
  probably understandable due to my time off the mats . 
  my armbars suck . 
  i never finished anyone with an armbar in sparring . 
  did a few chokes and an odd kimura , but never a successful armbar despite it being something we drilled in the most . 
  on the other hand , i learn something new almost every time , and i improve slowly . 
  last night i managed to finish my partner with an ankle lock , first time it worked for me . 
  i also made my first almost successful omoplata attempt . 
  i 'm not giving up , i 'm gon na get there . 
  tldr : i 've been training `` kempo '' for the past year and a half , and over that time plenty of red flags have popped up , regarding legitimacy , training regime and social dynamics within the group . 
  first of all , the ma taught was listed as `` shorinji kempo '' . 
  yet what we actually learned had very little to do with shorinji kempo i found on youtube . 
  what we did was mainly a mix of wado-ryu karate ( techniques + pinan kata ) , some jujutsu throws and submissions ( compliant drills ) , a few aikido wristlocks , and kenjutsu techniques from tenshin sh\u014dden katori shint\u014d-ry\u016b . 
  i was somewhat bothered by this , but - hey , as long as it works , right ? 
  at least we would cover all the ranges and stuff . 
  i was happy , everybody was nice to me , i made some friends and i got my yellow belt in about 6 months . 
  as i was a reader of this sub , i was bothered by the lack of sparring . 
  we did some newaza sparring ( basically , bjj style rolling ) , but that was very rare - maybe once every two months or so . 
  everything else were compliant drills , perhaps with some resistance but still compliant . 
  however , the price of training was really low as this is a students club ( about $ 13/mo , no contracts ) , so i thought hey - it makes me fit , i 'm learning stuff , and having fun , so that 's what it counts , right ? 
  plus , i actually got to use some skills outside of the gym ( no street fights , but i had a pretty bad fall , drilling breakfalls a lot was what prevented me getting injured ) . 
  then i went for a bjj open mat day in the same club . 
  let 's put things i learned to use , right ? 
  and then i kept getting tapped by bjj white belts with less than half my training time . 
  but that 's ok , i can do standup , right ? 
  well i discovered that day that people do n't really like being thrown or osoto gari 'd . 
  i did n't manage to pull a single throw or takedown i drilled for hours against an opponent who resisted . 
  let 's just say it was a very eye-opening day . 
  some weeks later i started to train submission wrestling , but quickly switched to bjj as our club schedule changed a bit . 
  i was hyped , and i wanted to learn how to actually pull the moves i 've been drilling so far , but this time against a resisting opponent . 
  i dropped my lifting in order to get more training . 
  my teacher and older students from kempo were not very happy when they heard it . 
  `` why do you need this ? '', 
  `` sparring is stupid , you 'll only get injured '' . 
  i did n't listen - and i did actually get injured a few times while grappling and had to take a break , only to be welcomed by `` i told you so '' crap . 
  slowly i noticed i fell out of the inner circle of `` loyal '' students , and i began to notice other crosstraining students also receiving some crap ( all of them except for one guy , the highest belt who crosstrained ) . 
  but hey ... 
  i was still learning some stuff i would n't get elsewhere for pretty cheap so it 's not that bad , right ? 
  last autumn a kenjutsu school opened near me , a legit hy\u014dh\u014d niten ichi-ry\u016b place . 
  due to my scheduling , i was only able to attend for a month , and the place was over 3x the price of my kempo class . 
  but if i were to compare the stuff that guy was teaching , a month there would equal a year at my kempo place . 
  connecting with other martial artists , i also learned a few interesting things . 
  i met some people who trained in my kempo teacher 's school , and they all said the same thing : they all spar , hard , every time - and they crosstrain bjj . 
  exactly the sort of stuff my teacher discouraged . 
  also , i heard a rumor that my teacher 's kenjutsu teacher ( who runs a different club ) got into some legal trouble with tenshin sh\u014dden katori shint\u014d-ry\u016b . 
  the guy who taught my kempo teacher jjj held a seminar nearby , and plenty of people from my bjj club attended - i could not , as i was busy that weekend , however , in my kempo group the event was not really promoted . 
  thinking back on it , nobody was ever encouraged in learning anything from any of our teacher 's teachers . 
  there was a girl who left our kempo class several months ago . 
  basically , our teacher asked her if the only reason she does bjj is so she can have some fun with the guys on the mats ( she only told me about it recently ) . 
  she left and never returned to kempo , but she still does bjj . 
  that yellow belt i earned over a year ago was the last belt i earned . 
  i got skipped for promotions , and several people who started new after i got my yellow belt are already a belt up on me . 
  but somewhere along the process , i stopped really caring about promotions . 
  during the only sparring which we sometimes do ( rolling ) i can tap all the people 2 belts higher than me , except one guy who was doing judo for a long time . 
  recently , some classes began to be led by a black belt with a very `` drill sergeant '' mentality . 
  very very heavy into cardio and strength . 
  i mean , i usually like that stuff , but when over half of the time is spent on conditioning instead of learning stuff ( and even later , when someone messes up , everyone does push-ups ) , i will question whether i 'm getting the right stuff out of it . 
  few weeks ago , i left the class when this guy did it . 
  i was not the only one . 
  i was reprimanded after for `` not showing respect '' . 
  yesterday it happened again , i left ( after i 've been training for some 2 hours ) . 
  it was just too much for me , i was on the edge of throwing up , no breaks were allowed and every mistake meant everyone did a series of push-ups . 
  one of my friends remained and told me after that she had tunnel vision , ear buzzing and was close to dropping down - and she 's in great shape otherwise . 
  what for ? 
  it 's not like we 're training for olympics . 
  or any competition , really , as we have none . 
  and it made me feel bad tbh . 
  like i should be able to do it . 
  all the social pressure . 
  i 'm happy with my bjj but i think i 'm gon na drop that kempo class sometime soon . 
  gon na find something else to do in that timeslot . 
  maybe another art , maybe more bjj , maybe lifting again . 
  i 'm a bjj guy , and i consider myself open-minded . 
  i 've become interested in taijiquan - i 've been reading a bit , tried a few moves from youtube videos etc. , and i found myself more relaxed and aware . 
  the stuff i tried was very soothing to both my sore muscles and my mind . 
  so i 'm interested in learning a bit more . 
  it seems like an activity which would feel rejuvenating rather than tiring , and i can fit some training in my schedule . 
  if the extra sensitivity/structure/relaxation / focus etc. 
  helps with my martial arts skills , even better . 
  i 'm not really into spiritual stuff . 
  was anyone here in a similar situation , and with similar goals who can share a bit more experience ? 
  i 've been looking into local taijiquan schools , and there 's not much choice - it does n't seem to be very popular here . 
  basically , from some online research in active schools my choices consist of :, 
  * one chen school which is the only one publicly stating their lineage ( chen xiaowang -  oscar mu\u00f1oz galeano -  school 's teacher ) , 2x1hr classes a week . 
  beginner classes focus on 19 form , advanced classes focus on laojia form - and all classes include a lot of qigong .
