  i 'm using cryptsy . 
  it hovers around 30 satoshi on cryptsy . 
  however btc had gone up , and now it sells for almost $ 1000 . 
  that reflected a bit on doge dollar price . 
  good , that means i 'll buy loads for a low price . 
  then it 's to the moon . 
  the community is awesome . 
  perhaps it can keep the meme alive through dogecoin , 
  to the moon !, 
  one small step for doge , one giant leap towards the moon . 
  i was considering the same ( accepting doge donations ) . 
  i planned to create a new address for the website and list it . 
  welcome to the community !, 
   here 's how we say welcome here :, 
  you 'll find the community here to be a lot of fun and quite enthusiastic !, 
  ( we 're also expecting a large price boost on block 100,000 when mining rewards halve ), 
  yeah ... try dogehouse . 
  i was also on a pool where i got next to nothing for 24 hours ( and then the pool mysteriously vanished ) . 
  comparing my hashrate ( which is much smaller ) , you should be earning 3-4 times as much . 
  do n't put it after password - put it in a new line . 
  without quotes . 
  had the same scenario myself . 
  open balances , click btc actions , select deposit / autosell btc and then generate new deposit address . 
  then send to that address . 
  that 's it !, 
  ( you might or might not want to set autosell of btc for doge ), 
  the transaction fee is 0.20 % if you 're buying . 
  there 's a withdrawal fee . 
  for btc it is 0.001 , so you wo n't be able to get that balance back in btc . 
  but doge withdrawal fee costs peanuts . 
  yeah , that should be it . 
  update nvidia drivers ( from their website ) to the newest version and you 'll be all set . 
  ( i had the same issue ), 
  yesterday the block chain forked . 
  plenty of pools were using old software , and there was a transaction that was too big for the old software . 
  much sadness, 
  i 'm not exactly certain if it happened to your pool as well , but could be a valid explanation ... 
  do n't use p2pool at your hashrate . 
  they 're much smaller , and payouts with them will be rare unless you can really put up a good hashrate and leave it mining for a few weeks . 
  yes . 
  exit the dogecoin client and just move the folder to another place . 
  when you start dogecoin-qt you 'll need to add a switch : - datadir =d : \\ newfolder or wherever you placed your doge data . 
  put this in a shortcut or a bat file you use to run dogecoin-qt . 
  do n't forget to turn it back on !, 
  it works , but it 's quite late . 
  it took around hour to verify one of my tips . 
  hi and welcome !, 
  that would be helpful for all forms of physical item trading , actually !, 
  in the meantime , you can mention your location in your post or type it in manually as a flair in a menu to the right ( which i just did ) . 
  just to make sure ... did the second computer download the entire blockchain ? 
  very cool !, 
  perhaps the back could contain private and public keys and corresponding qr codes ? 
  like this  to the moon !, 
  sure , it got verified . 
  check the tipbot documentation linked in the right sidebar ( you also should 've gotten a message ) to transfer some or all of it to your wallet ... or keep it in there and tip other shibe . 
  like this :, 
  enter your model manually on nvidia site ( to get the correct version of drivers for your card and os - not all of them are the same ) or use the autodetect feature . 
  15 kh/s is just a bit less than my card does . 
  my cpu performs even worse . 
  it will net you some doge . 
  whether you want to invest in a more modern gpu setup is entirely up to you . 
  excellent ama  i spent the first couple of years of my life in a communist regime , so i find some stuff relateable ( like a lack of advertisements ) . 
  a couple of questions :, 
  1 ) did you bring your entire year of budget with you in cash , or did you have an alternate way of picking up money ? 
  2 ) besides room and board , how much did you spend during your stay ? 
  also , did you pay your travel expenses out of your own pocket , or were they provided for you ? 
  3 ) you mentioned that internet was not publicly accessible for most citizens ... what about their local network ? 
  are there any alternatives there , like a bbs scene ? 
  4 ) did you have any experience with the dprk healthcare system ? 
  does it treat citizens and non-citizens the same or in a different manner ? 
  5 ) have you been to the mass games ? 
  6 ) did you know any korean before going there ? 
  have you picked up some while being there ? 
  were any classes in the language offered to you ? 
  7 ) what 's the standard working hours in dprk ? 
  8 ) what sort of stuff can you typically buy in their local stores ? 
  how well stocked are they ? 
  9 ) you mentioned some cars in pyongyang . 
  can you tell us which brands they drive ? 
  10 ) did you buy any clothes or shoes there ? 
  can you comment about their quality , or fashions ? 
  ( you talked a lot about housing and food , but clothing is also an important necessity ), 
  oh cool , thanks for posting  i 'm the author of that larp and of that blog ... but i 'm new to reddit  if you ran the scenario ( or are planning to run it ) , let me know - i 'd be interested , 
  i was invited to italy to run it in an actual cave , with star trek uniforms but sadly i did not have the time and i suggested they run it themselves because that 's really one of the reasons i wrote it . 
  which reminds me , i should get back in touch with them . 
  well , i 've never been to the usa but we 've been running a few us style games here . 
  we have an active chapter of amtgard , and in fact amtgard was the first touch croats had with larping ... although it was always less sporty-competitive here than in the us , and a couple of fully-featured larps sprung from it . 
  there 's also the world of darkness scene , and the rules are written in usa . 
  we got a couple of american players over the course of years . 
  several amtgarders who were here for a short visit , a nero player who was working for us embassy in ljubljana , slovenia ( which has no larp scene so he was visiting our larps for about 2 years ) , and a couple of sca members whom i hooked up on larp , and they shared some cool crafting tips . 
  they liked our events . 
  i also met a few american players on drachenfest and conquest . 
  most that i met - whether in croatia or germany - are really awesome people . 
  cool  gon na check out the site !, 
  try a hundred times that number . 
  it 's actually awesome , and not too chaotic . 
  the reason is that players run the major factions which basically control the flow of the game . 
  and players really get extremely involved in playing their character , which means they also provide situations for other players to react to . 
  e.g. , orcs are always looking for an opportunity to bully or rob someone . 
  city guard are on the watch if something like that happens in a city , and they take care to arrest and detain such stuff if it happens ... then a trial occurs with another player being the judge , etc.
