  i ended up killing off a character which i played for over a year , and other characters barely survived , but made their escape ( very badly wounded ) . 
  afterwards they said it was an incredibly awesome session and could n't stop talking about it . 
  the other group took off with another gm for another adventure - easy win , they were n't nearly as impressed . 
  so , since i 'm done with that slightly off-topic tangent , here 's my advice for your particular case : foreshadow . 
  when the encounter itself comes , mention their large numbers . 
  perhaps add some fortifications , or at least some form of a quickly built fence or cut down bushes in tactical positions - that can actually be done relatively quickly if the army is camping in the forest . 
  maybe place a few archers on the trees and allow players to spot them - the implied difficulty or some form of organization might dissuade the players from being stupid . 
  if they take a course of action that could lead to tpk , you can do the `` are you sure ? '', 
  question as a last resort . 
  if they are sure , it 's lesson time . 
  got any party-friendly npcs ? 
  kill them off . 
  if the fight starts and it looks like it will go badly for players , give them a chance to escape . 
  if they insist on fighting ... well . 
  time for a capture , if it 's applicable . 
  if not , some deaths or even tpk are still an option . 
  either way , your characters will learn a lesson they wo n't forget quickly . 
  others already gave you a correct answer , but if you are worried about skeletons you can always carry a regular mace , it 's just 5 gp/4 lbs ... although i do n't see why you would . 
  if you bond with the rapier , i assume you 're playing a dex-based bladelock . 
  i 'm assuming a dex bonus of +2 and str bonus of 0 . 
  mace is 1d6 - with +0 , the average damage against skeletons ( who are vulnerable ) would be 7 . 
  rapier is 1d8 , with +4 ( +2 weapon , +2 dex ) , so the average damage would be 8.5 - higher than you 'd get from mace , and with +4 to your attack roll . 
  the value of mace would increase with your strength ( the damage bonus is doubled too ) , so keep that in mind . 
  also , eldritch blast is always an option for a warlock . 
  just checked it out , it looks like a great spell . 
  could i still use it in pfs if i do n't own the books in which it is published ? 
  ... and now i 'm $ 15 poorer , and own a ton of pdfs . 
  yay !, 
  so , as a summoner at lvl 1 i can have a serpent eidolon with +2 modifiers in str/dex/con , give him reach ( tail ) , push ( bite ) and push ( tail ) , two attacks with far better battlefield control than any class gets at lvl 1 ? 
  the only ones who can do that better are lvl 3 + open hand monks or battlemasters , but they operate on limited resources ... and summoner can still spam cantrips , and they have a combined health pool of 19 , assuming summoner has 16-17 con . 
  i take eidolist , and at lvl 8 it also gets magic attacks , improved damage on both attacks , poison on bite and armored surface , while also shapechanging to a large flying mount perfectly capable of some serious damage itself . 
  or i make a small summoner , make a dex build for both myself and my eidolon , and create him as a bipedal flying mount at lvl 1 . 
  i get both of us crossbows . 
  air force eidolon rains death from above . 
  at late levels eidolon can get better ability scores than any other character in game - starts standard , but gets both the ability increase evolution * and * asis ... 
  i also get to be party face with cha and advantage on all my skills due to eidolon using help action ... 
  there are so many ways to break this raw ( in comparison to regular classes ) , i just listed a few of them . 
  pact of the chain familiars are incredible compared to the regular ones . 
  let 's compare one of the better chain familiars - an owl - to an imp , one of the best chain familiars . 
  owl has 1 hp . 
  imp has 10 hp , but also +2 ac , fire and poison immunity , magic resistance , as well as resistances to nonmagical / nonsilvered weapons and cold . 
  and invisibility . 
  and shapechange . 
  owl can do a flyby which is cool but that 's it . 
  it also protects you by giving you magic resistance when it 's 10 feet or less from you . 
  even without the invocation , you can share his senses up to 1 mile ( mm 69 ) . 
  it can use help to give you or your party rogue an advantage on attack without much risk because it 's invisible . 
  it can be your own personal assassin ( very effective at lvl 3 ! ), 
  and a great scout . 
  since he 's invisible , you might use it to get a jump on your opponents , having your imp attack in the surprise round in which you could n't . 
  sees through magical darkness as well !, 
  it will survive the bad caster 's opening fireball salvo on your party , allowing you to keep it up much longer . 
  since it 's invisible , it can attack ( or allow you to cast touch spells through it ) at an advantage . 
  you might be able to milk it for a potent poison to share with your party , or earn you a substantial additional income if you sell it . 
  it speaks common and infernal , and might have some better skills than warlock - especially for people who dipped warlocks with cha13 . 
  you might even let it shift into a raven and speak for you , in common or infernal . 
  especially as a lvl 3 dip , chain is attractive because it 's so front-loaded - tome requires an extra invocation to be useful , and it 's still limited in ritual levels by your warlock level . 
  fiend spells works well for tome lock if you want to blast stuff , goo spells works well if you want to have a bit more battlefield control ( and mind control ) . 
  fiend boons tend to make you more durable - which is great , although more important for blade locks , as they 'll get damage more often than tome locks who will be mostly in the background . 
  goo boons are a bit more situational and less combat oriented , but their create thrall boon is awesome . 
  both are good . 
  pick one which suits your character better . 
  taking a dodge action is great in that situation  you get hard to hit , and you can still do opportunity attacks . 
  you can also add great weapon master to that combo to add some cleaving and power attacking ( especially if you get advantage in some way , e.g. 
  via help action , target getting stunned or knocked prone etc ) . 
  works with the butt end of a polearm as well . 
  how about assassin 6 / battlemaster 5 with ritual caster feat ? 
  rc gets you a ton of utility spells for the cheap price of one feat/asi , although you 'd be limited to out of combat use . 
  assassin and battlemaster give you a lot of damage and battlefield control . 
  champion 11 with rc can work great as well . 
  you get remarkable athlete for extra skills instead of expertise , and you can add mobile which will reduce your need for cunning action . 
  for a more caster-y option , i suggest fighter 2 / sorc 9 . 
  fling spells in heavy armor with action surge and some self-healing . 
  it 's especially awesome if you play it well with your party . 
  combine it with your druid 's entangle/spike growth/plant growth or your arcane caster 's ray of frost/web/slow / stinking cloud/hypnotic pattern/sleet storm/confusion/evard 's black tentacles to keep people in the killzone - or trap them in with wall spells in circular shape if you want to be extra evil . 
  you can also get a cleric with spirit guardians up to get to the front of the hunger spell , further reducing the speed of those inside and dealing extra damage . 
  if they get out , throw them back in with your repelling blasts , or get your melee guys to shove them back in , or get casters to use gust of wind . 
  if you got someone with polearm mastery / sentinel combo you can get them to stand in front and stop those who try to get out . 
  also , it messes their archers and casters up . 
  have fun and enjoy the screams :d, 
  if you want to kill stuff dead and do it reliably , then yes . 
  you could also try sorcerer , which is like sorlock but with an extra level of spells and extra spell slots for most of your career . 
  that is , if you 're willing to give the rest of your party a chance to shine once you 're out of your big spells . 
  you could also try the evoker for party-friendly fireballs and the option to prepare something less damaging on the off chance you need to do things not based around pain . 
  yeah , they actually have a great class synergy - when they get thrown in jail for stealing , they can steal a long sword from the guards and still use it with some proficiency . 
  maybe the rogue needs to impersonate a noble who 's known for his long sword skill ... 
  maybe the rogue actually has strength as decent as his dex because that 's how he rolled his scores , sneak attacks with his ranged weapon but lacks options to get sneak attacks during the combat - maybe he 's the most viable `` tank '' . 
  so he uses longsword 2h for that 1d10 damage dice ... 
  maybe he found a powerful magical one as a random treasure , and it beats his regular nonmagic finesse weapon . 
  especially if he 's the only party member who can use it and they run into a monster with resistance to nonmagic damage ... 
  there are a few options , not every party will be optimized for max damage - d&d characters are not shoehorned in the most optimized builds only . 
  there are some options which might be less about bringing the most optimized build , but about realism and/or fluff . 
  it 's all part of the role-playing scene . 
  assuming you 'd be running the adventure as written , you might have been taking too much damage . 
  pregen wizard has access to the sleep spell . 
  this is an excellent crowd control for a lot of encounters in the starter set . 
  use it on groups to take one or more mobs out of combat , not doing damage . 
  then focus the ones still up . 
  remember that wizard can restore up to one spell level per 2 wizard levels ( rounded up ) every short rest . 
  pregen cleric is life cleric .
