  portion size is important . 
  do n't eat everything on your plate . 
  it 's still doable with bad food , but tougher ... be sure to count everything !, 
  lost about 15 lbs when i cut soda . 
  i used to drink a lot . 
  it took about 3 months . 
  water takes a few days to get used to but really does n't bother you much afterwards . 
  as another side effect , my teeth are also better now , they used to deteriorate fast and it slowed down significantly . 
  take it slow , take it steady . 
  after a while , try things that you once disliked - you might be surprised . 
  tastes change as you get older , or more fit . 
  once i could n't stomach cabbage - it made me sick and actually i also threw up from it as a kid - but i forced myself to try it and discovered it does n't taste the same for me as it did long time ago . 
  now i love it !, 
  if you do n't like lettuce , how about cabbage ? 
  cucumbers ? 
  tomatoes ? 
  carrots ? 
  try eating some when you 're really hungry . 
  if that 's too unfamiliar for you , perhaps try frying some vegetables and eggs together . 
  onions , zucchini and tomatoes go well with eggs . 
  and you get protein with that  it should be easy for you to eat that even if you 're used to unhealthy food . 
  kebab after gym on heavy lifting day . 
  sometimes . 
  recently i tried to not do it , drinking a protein shake after workout helps with cravings , 
  lots of water . 
  and green tea . 
  lose even more weight . 
  it will eventually go away . 
  perhaps it 's the last place where you 'll lose weight from . 
  keep up working out and eating at deficit . 
  yeah , i [ wrote a series of articles on that subject ] ( http://www.crolarper.com/search/label/start%20a%20larp ) . 
  good luck !, 
  not much . 
  some of it matters when you get to marathon length , as you 'll deplete your muscle glycogen along the way but for now you 're fine . 
  squats ( back squats with a barbell , and make sure they 're deep ) , deadlifts , glute bridges etc. 
  will help you build it up . 
  eat some protein too . 
  pullup negatives , lat pulldowns , back rows , inverted rows ... 
  what 's your current workout routine ? 
  take a look at [ these programs ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/fitness/wiki/getting_started#wiki_adding_exercise ) . 
  regarding diet , do a cut of about 5-10 lbs - while doing heavy resistance work and getting enough protein . 
  then it should be time to start cut/bulk cycles . 
  make each cycle at least 2 months long . 
  but whatever you do , heavy weights and enough protein will help you be leaner . 
  also , avoid eating salty food - it can make you retain water and bloat you a bit . 
  good luck . 
  * i can do stuff i never imagined being able to , stuff i thought to be the privilege of only a few genetically lucky people . 
  or movie characters . 
  * i was not old , just unfit . 
  * veggies are awesome and i like them , they 're no longer hell i thought them to be . 
  and much more , 
  this is how i lost most of my weight too . 
  this is why i 'm here . 
  irl , i often found that my enthusiasm was rarely welcome . 
  unfortunately . 
  there 's good green tea and there 's bad green tea . 
  i 'm not sure which one you have . 
  even good green tea can go bad with time . 
  are you preparing it right ? 
  green tea is very easy to mess up . 
  the water must not be boiling , it should cool down sufficiently . 
  and the tea should not be in water for more than 2 minutes . 
  if this does n't happen , the result will be very bitter . 
  and you should n't delay drinking it for a long time ... 
  regarding goals , how about this for a start ? 
  bench press 1.5 x bodyweight, 
  squat 1.75 x bodyweight, 
  deadlift 2x bodyweight, 
  5k under 25 minutes, 
  your lifts and pace are very measurable so you should n't have any problems with that . 
  c25k is rather light activity , running should n't negatively impact your lifts at this level , although that might change if you decide to run full marathons one day . 
  do n't expect too much strength gain while you 're cutting . 
  here 's some attention , i guess ... 
  did you post something here that did n't get an answer ? 
  was it answered in faq ? 
  also , check sidebar posts . 
  daily/weekly threads are a thing , sounds like something you 're looking for ... 
  whey , lentils , beans , eggs , some cheap fish etc. 
  these are your friends . 
  no clue really . 
  have n't done isolation exercises in a long time until i noticed this and tried rear delt flies . 
  i tried a pair of 7.5 kg dumbbells ( 16.5 lbs ) but these were too heavy for me . 
  with a pair of 5 kg ( 11 lbs ) i managed 10 good reps. 
  i can 10 rep 15 kg dumbbells for arnold press as well . 
  with decent form and 5rm , my major lifts are :, 
  * bench , row and power clean 55 kg ( 120 lbs ), 
  if that 's any meaningful comparison ... 
  thanks for the form tips . 
  bodybuilding is not my first priority , but i found the imbalance striking . 
  i never bother with collars . 
  but i lift inside the rack so if i fail there 's something to catch the bar . 
  yay !, 
  we 're in similar situation , i made a similar post yesterday , 
  hello and keep at it , 
  umm , yes ... 
  i normally go once every hour or two . 
  i ca n't imagine going with only 3 cups / day . 
  i have one when i wake up , 2 more when i get to work , about 4 more during work , 1 for dinner , 2 in my protein shake and at least 2 more during evening + 1 before bed . 
  what 's your form ? 
  better for ... what purpose ?
