  you can do it for up to a week to drop the number on a scale significantly , but you 'll be going through living hell and get it all back after you stop doing it . 
  fat is not really burned this way - only water . 
  although it can make you look less puffy and bloated so it might look at fat . 
  this is often abused in combat sports . 
  weigh in is one day , fighters are above their category , and drop their weight fast to fit into a lower category - and then rehydrate and carb up before the match the next day . 
  to which they arrive above the actual weight limit of the category , therefore getting the advantage . 
  these marines probably do it to drop their weight and size for a physical check , to ensure they 'll pass . 
  then they get it back afterwards . 
  do n't do it unless you like the idea of pissing all day , feeling miserable , wrecking your system in general etc for something that will last only for a short while . 
  hehe . 
  well if they can take it ...  i have a friend who wears shorts even in winter . 
  visit the warmer areas , we have enough sun to make you comfortable till october at least , 
  i never did , to be honest . 
  too many bad memories . 
  but i got to like parts of my body that i had no idea existed . 
  `` oooh , i have a muscle here '' :d, 
  i 'm a guy and i have ravenous phases too :d, 
  as long as you have a long term deficit you 're satisfied with you 'll be fine . 
  this is huge :o my son is 6 and less than half of that weight ( about 45 lbs ) . 
  faqs here can help you with improving your food choices , but sounds like you got a good handle on that anyway . 
  maybe add a bit of the seafood and fresh fruits rather than processed products . 
  since i used to have issues with asthma during my teen years , i can offer some advice about activities , all of which you can do together :, 
  * swimming - beach , lakes or rivers . 
  but not pools . 
  chlorine sucks for an asthmatic . 
  sea air is awesome for an asthmatic . 
  * hiking , perhaps with camping - low intensity , nothing too difficult . 
  mountain air is also awesome for an asthmatic . 
  * yoga - not the power version though . 
  will ease him into physical activity , and it teaches movement/breath control which can help a lot . 
  * aikido - most kids love martial arts , and aikido is not physically intensive as most others . 
  should n't trigger an attack . 
  lots of dojos have kids classes these days . 
  forget about doing strength programs like stronglifts 5x5 or starting strength in pf . 
  i 'm not american so i 've never been there , but from what i 've heard planet fitness does n't have barbells and you wo n't be able to use these programs there . 
  [ here 's ] ( http://www.menshealth.com/fitness/cheap-gym-workout ) some ideas of what you can do there . 
  employees can show you around and explain how machines work . 
  also , pf should have a 30 minute circuit area with numbered stations that you go around . 
  it 's not too good , but at least it 's simple to follow . 
  you get back the same way as you started . 
  there 's no difference . 
  pure simplicity . 
  although you 're in a far better position than when you started off . 
  if you worked out , you got some conditioning and muscle , and after only 1 week off it 's all still there . 
  second , if you `` slipped off '' by eating lots of carbs or salty food , at least half of what you gained is water . 
  once you get back on track and get your nutrition in order , you 'll simply pee it out in 2 days . 
   ready to lose it, 
  awesome , let 's get started  first of all , check out the links auto-replied to this post by automoderator . 
   i do n't know if i should get a fit bit , hire a trainer , or just dance and swim and walk my dog and do the things i love . 
  any ( or all ) of it sound like great ideas . 
  the most important thing about losing weight is eating less . 
   i would like to find support in a partner or group, 
  many gyms offer group classes , like les mills etc. 
  maybe something like that works for you ? 
   i try to eat healthy but mostly i am running behind schedule and grabbing junk on the go ... or ordering it on the way home . 
  check out meal prep ideas . 
  you can find some links in the sidebar , 
  you mentioned some stuff about your food . 
  but what are you drinking during the day ? 
  if it 's not water ... make it water ( and perhaps unsweetened tea / coffee ) . 
  soda , juices , alcohol and sugary-creamy-coffees can have unbelievable amount of calories . 
  i 've heard that most ( if not all ) of them removed their barbell setups several years ago . 
  they probably still have smith machines . 
  not the same . 
  funny enough , my gym is almost the polar opposite . 
  small student gym , tons of barbells , oly platform and squat rack . 
  four ancient strength machines in various states of disrepair . 
  only cardio machines are punching bags . 
  i used to drink my coffee with milk and sugar . 
  first i started using 0 cal sweetener instead of sugar , then i cut the sweetener out , and i finally switched to black , unsweetened coffee only - which has negligible calories . 
  each `` step '' took me about a week to get used to the different taste , and now i ca n't stomach sugar in my coffee . 
  my wife 's been doing the same steps together with me , except she could n't do the last one so she still drinks milk with her coffee . 
  does n't sound like much activity . 
  put in sedentary instead of moderate , it should give you more accurate representation of your caloric needs . 
  others have already replied about logging your meal accurately . 
  however , are you snacking ? 
  if you are , it all needs to get logged . 
  water . 
  either way you drink it , alcohol is empty calories . 
  i still drink alcohol , sometimes 1 shot instead of 1 beer but i still have beer sometimes . 
  only a quarter of what i once drank though . 
  i drink water simply to keep hydrated during the evening . 
  also , if you 're on a calorie deficit it 's easier to get you drunk . 
  your alcohol tolerance plummets . 
  `` gym culture '' is a myth . 
  gyms are for everybody , and they 're one of the least judgemental places around . 
  you 'll see young and old , beautiful and ugly , thin , fat and buff men and woman there . 
  weak people . 
  strong people . 
  grunters ( though not in pf ) . 
  people who do funny stuff . 
  people with better form than you . 
  eventually , people with worse form than you . 
  i 've also been nervous my first time ( which was less than a year ago , so it 's still fresh in my memory ) . 
  but nothing to worry about . 
  i 'm not from usa , but everything i heard about planet fitness actually sounds like it 's actually less accepting place than any of the gyms i 've ever been to . 
  and i 'm ** not ** looking like a fitness model . 
  my lifting form could still often use some improvements . 
  if it 's your first time , the best thing for the first time would be if you can get someone knowledgeable ( like a trainer or if you have a buddy who already goes to gym ) to show you how stuff works and how you should train . 
  preferably in a gym that wo n't kick you out once you gain some muscle and start being `` intimidating '' to their other customers ( there are some stories online of people having this happen to them ) .
