  the pic they provided in their claim with a product which used both terms was a random seller on amazon , not larping.org . 
  using the term in ads for purposes of keywords or comparisons is legal in usa . 
  i 've personally held these german arrows , from what i can tell it 's the same design as in patent and as it 's sold by larping.org . 
  this is a part that goes on top of the arrow shaft , and padding goes on top of it . 
  the one on top of page 7 of the claim is a random seller on amazon for `` 30 lb larp bow and arrows set archerytag equipment '' . 
  they do n't show the seller , and the equipment provided is not currently sold by larping.org webshop ( and they do n't look like idv arrows ) . 
  they seem to try to associate anyone using words larp and archery tag in the same sentence with larping.org as a proof of their claim . 
  as a matter of fact , it almost seems as if their lawyers are trying to misrepresent larp / larping as trademarks or ip of larping.org ( comparable to archery tag ) to the court . 
  ok that particular case might be troublesome if it 's not misrepresented , although the other ad they provided should be legal ( the one saying `` better than archery tag ! '' ), 
  i ca n't find any of these ads currently , and the webshop at http://www.larping.org/larp-shop/product-category/larp-archery/larp-arrows/ does n't mention archery tag in any way , only larp . 
  also , each product says `` check with your local organizations for approval of use . '', 
   what do you think about nudity at game ? 
  in what context ? 
  what was the scandal mentioned ? 
  i do n't mind nudity if participants are aware and fine with the announced nudity level . 
  here 's some news , it got posted on conquest of mythodea 's blog : https://conquestofmythodea.wordpress.com/2016/02/09/fundstueck-der-woche-larping-org-vs-archery-tag/, 
  check out the comments , there are some very insightful info posted by idv . 
  original is in german , here 's a google translate of their comments :, 
   for editorial contribution i would like to say the following :, 
   undisputed gap / archery tag has invented the new sport and popularized . 
  it is them , and of course at liberty to make money with a license system or franchise offering . 
   however , gap has now apparently the problem that their arrow not the new and groundbreaking invention , as they represent himself . 
  rather , it is so that they produce probably the toughest and probably most expensive pad arrow that is currently in large numbers on the market - and also it is available only to operators who sign a far-reaching and expensive `` license agreement '' . 
   logically keep finding more ( future ) operators that you can play the game a lot better and cheaper with other brands that are also not bound by restrictive licensing / franchise agreements - that is , gap gets archery tag no longer a leg on the floor - the business make others ( especially idv engineering :-) ) . 
   but instead of dealing with his ( well at least partially failed ) concept , gap is now trying - at least in the us - to win by commencing an action the market back by trying to prevent the sale of foreign pad arrows in the united states by patent law . 
   his chances of success i had expressed myself : `` 0 '', 
   annoying and irritating it is anyway . 
   it is actually in the united states a patent by global archery products inc. , which prohibits the sale of virtually all larp arrows according to its wording . 
  this was not granted until-2013 . 
   but the fact is also that idv engineering in 2004 ( ! ), 
  has applied for a utility model on his arrows and demonstrably also distributes at least since 2007 , the flathead arrows worldwide . 
   the patent of the gap would therefore never have been granted ( `` prior use '' or `` prior art '' as an absolute and unconditional grant of obstacle ) . 
   although larping in his video the facts - let 's say `` creative '' - interpreted , it has nevertheless with his statement not completely wrong , that the sale of larp-arrows in the us would practically impossible with a victory of the gap . 
  moreover , since still the late medieval `` case law '' applies in the us , a victory of the gap would have ( for whatever reason you win ) a significant impact on all other traders ( in the us ) . 
   therefore , it is - at least from the perspective of us larper - important that now the money comes together for a cancellation request and jordan gwyther can shoot the gap patent - which is hardly more than a ( very expensive ) is formality basically . 
   to what extent he still trouble with the use of the brand has `` archery tag '' , and what is allowed in the us ( ie much more than in europe ) , is another matter - and eventually made any serious impact on the larp in the usa . 
   the patent of gap holds true only in the us and in europe at least is even the trademark `` archery tag '' freely usable because it was `` descriptive '' regarded as , and thus denied registration as a trade mark . 
   and yes , i also as a manufacturer of idv-arrows , as well as my international distributor naturally have a vital interest in ensuring that gap / archery-tag finally ceases to unsettle the market . 
  it is therefore quite not that jordan gwyther would all stand there alone . 
  in my larp , we do the same method which a lot of german larps also use - a blue sash of obviously modern , shiny fabric , from across the shoulder to the hip . 
  it 's simple and cheap . 
  so ... who 's gon na be the first person to patent a `` foam safety sword '' and earn $ $ $ ? 
  oooh , i 've been a guest on the first episode . 
  fun guys :d and nice work . 
  `` mediocre ! '', 
  in your best immortan joe impersonation . 
  i can list you a lot of larps which have everything ... except the last bullet point . 
  heck , i run one as well . 
  but you 'd have to cross the atlantic for that . 
  looking a bit closer , do you consider ct too far away from you ? 
  i believe [ arcane ] ( http://www.arcaneportal.com/ ) should have most or all of your points covered . 
  also , would you consider playing several larps ? 
  perhaps you can get from one what you do n't get from other , and vice versa . 
  e.g. , good story from one larp , lots of adrenaline-fueled fighting from another , great camaraderie from both . 
  i do n't think there 's such a thing as a larp which is 100 % perfect in everything . 
  my teacher teaches techniques from shorinji kempo and jjj . 
  on thursdays we also add bokken work , so kenjutsu . 
  yeah , we have lots of stuff to cover , and our progress is slow since we do three arts in the same time most people do one . 
  i have kyudo on weekends , in a different place by a different teacher , it 's not as physically demanding so i can do it along with my regular training . 
  on top of that , i go to gym ( i lift after my ma session , it 's in the same place so no travel time required ) and i cycle ( for commute , about 1h/day ) . 
  there are times i skip a training session , but it 's usually no more than one/week . 
  my club has a huge discount at the local store , it ends up cheaper than internet + shipping . 
  karate gis and sparring gear are common enough to be found everywhere . 
   with the recent discussions on this forum i wanted to ask the people on this subreddit to express their opinions in detail on why they think a sports related style is good for self defense as opposed to something like military combatives or krav maga ? 
  could you answer these questions as well ? 
  i 'll try ... a disclaimer : i do n't do any sport styles at the moment , although i hold them in high regard . 
   what sport style do you think is good / adequate for self defense , and why ? 
  boxing , mt , mma training , sanda , judo , wrestling , bjj , sambo ... because they train to fight you against fully resisting opponents who are trying to counter your attacks , not simply partners to practice your technique on . 
   do you think it 's better than rsbd , military combatives , krav maga etc , and why ? 
  yes . 
  military combatives are something that 's to be taught quickly , and used as a last resort , usually to give time to you or your buddies to shoot your opponent . 
  rbsd/km can be good , or not , there 's a quality control issue . 
   do you think a sport related style will prepare you for a knife attack ? 
  nope . 
  the only thing that will prepare you for knife attacks is avoiding bad places . 
  almost nobody 's gon na attack you with straight arm from the front . 
  real knife attacks , you probably wo n't see they had a knife and they 'll stab you in your back or belly a few times before you realize what 's going on . 
  knives are nasty . 
  if you think your art can really protect you from a knife attack , then you 're delusional because you do n't realize the danger you 're in . 
  if you 're really worried about getting stabbed , avoid stabby places . 
  or if you ca n't , get a stabproof vest . 
  do n't look for trouble . 
  give away your wallet . 
  all of these are better options than mistakenly considering yourself safe , and getting stabbed a few dozen times in a manner you did n't prepare yourself for . 
   do you think a sport related style will prepare you for a gun attack ? 
  even worse . 
  bullets are fast , and have a range . 
  there are very very few situations where a gun is employed against you in which martial arts can do you any good , and even then chances are low . 
  see above . 
   do you think a sport related style will prepare you for an encounter against multiple people ? 
  yes . 
  better cardio to run away , better conditioning to take the blows if it comes to that . 
  and if you can get them 1on1 by circling , lining , standing in the doorway etc. 
  you 're in a fight you trained in . 
  you can go for damage in your armbars or break a bottle on their head . 
  however , believing that you 're `` prepared '' to go against multiple people can easily end with you in hospital , or morgue . 
   can we also skip the `` de-escalation , run , or avoid the fight '' responses ? 
  i want people to answer as we are assuming a situation where confrontation has become unavoidable . 
  alright , but `` de-escalation / run / avoid '' are some of the parts which rbsd systems often actually do right . 
   for the adamant detractors of sports related martial arts for self defense , could you respond to those people ?
