   i do n't want to seem weak but i have to ask . 
  do you normally choke out someone who is there for their 1st class ? 
  you get chokes and armbars for the rest of your training . 
  that 's the game . 
  welcome to the grind . 
   i have been studying kung fu for 3 years ( china and us ), 
  which styles ? 
  just curious . 
   he knew it was my 1st time and teamed me up with his top student ( i assumed so he would teach me something or allow me not to hurt myself ? ), 
  and said , `` just try to survive '' . 
  very sound decision . 
  top student should be the most relaxed one out there . 
  did he give you any verbal pointers ? 
  in bjj , you learn by doing stuff . 
  i trained some japanese jujutsu before doing bjj . 
  even though i already knew a lot of techniques , learning how to apply them against a resisting opponent was a completely new experience for me . 
  i 've been training bjj since october , and i just started getting out of the full survival mode and getting a few subs . 
  on the other hand , i was recently able to completely dominate some new people who have n't trained anything similar before . 
  these first few months are tough , but they teach your body some valuable lessons and reflexes . 
   so he choked me like i was trying to murder his family with my gi . 
  that 's how a proper choke is supposed to feel . 
  was it your first time on a receiving end ? 
  it can be quite shocking , but you actually get used to that quickly in sparring . 
  well , used to enough to avoid your body going into `` halp i 'm getting murderghghljghgh '' mode . 
  tap early , tap often !, 
  i was once stupid and not tapping early - did n't get choked out , but i ended up with a sore throat for a few days . 
  last week i trained with another partner who refused to tap until it was really beginning to affect him . 
  he got dizzy . 
  remember : tap early , tap often . 
   after tapping out 4 or 5 times from this , i may have lost my temper and picked him up and slammed him . 
  i immediately regretted that and realized ( duh ) that was bad . 
  yeah , umm . 
  do n't do that . 
  as others have already said . 
  did you apologize to your partner ? 
   is this normal ? 
  of course it 's normal . 
  it 's sparring . 
  if a higher level practicioner did n't dominate you , that would be a good reason to doubt the school . 
   some test of patience and mental toughness ? 
  it 's more like a test of ego and trust . 
  also a learning experience . 
  in some time you 'll begin to recognize some patterns to the movements , and begin to notice what 's really going on and how . 
   should i try another gym ? 
  what for ? 
  this sounds legit . 
   - are there better instructors out there that help and teach or am i a sissy and finally realizing that ? 
  learning comes in several parts . 
  you did the drills , that 's one part . 
  you sparred , and learned another . 
  bjj is not always the most comfortable sparring . 
  but overall the learning experience ( for me ) has been amazing . 
  i found [ several ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mrir8btugk4 ) [ videos ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6c55nhsv_zy ) of the first guy from the list , and [ one ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mpjonhp6jxi ) from the fourth guy . 
  others seem a bit video-shy . 
  based on your experience , how do they look ? 
  ha fair enough  i was of an opinion that it 's rather well known by initials in martial arts world ? 
  mt = muay thai , km = krav maga , tkd = taekwondo , jkd = jeet kune do etc. 
  tried some zhan zhuang stuff , it was interesting to hold it for a while , 
   one person between the teacher and chen xiaowang ( the man is a beast ) does n't sound bad at all , in principle . 
  seeing chen xiaowang on youtube is probably the biggest reason why i even started looking into taiji , 
  [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mrir8btugk4 ) 's that teacher doing some demos . 
  thanks for the feedback  do you find that your experience in taiji helps you with bjj in some ways ? 
  that sounds good . 
  my standup is much worse than my ground game in bjj anyway . 
  very helpful , thanks . 
  so i visited the event today , and it was interesting - took place in a large park . 
  all of the schools mentioned took part in it , except 1 . and 5. , plus one more which is located a bit further away from these others . 
  the event was organized under the flag of the national wushu federation , and more specifically by the teacher of the fourth school i listed who 's a president of the taiji committee of the federation . 
  ( also , for some reason , the federation officially uses the spellings tai chi chuan and chi kung , but i 'm not living in an anglosphere country so it might have some historical reasons for that . ), 
  to revise my original statement about the school and the teacher : he certainly looks better live than on video . 
  maybe he got fitter or the camera added some weight , i do n't know . 
  his school also teaches the arts separately and not mixed up , as i was led to assume ( taiji is 2x a week ) . 
  they train in park during the summer , and they have a location very close to the place i 'll be moving to near-june - furthermore , the teacher will be my neighbor . 
  the only downside is that they 're kind of low regarding the martial application . 
  the event included some practice - short trainings were led by each club , one after another , with breaks or demos ( yang 24 and sword form ) in between . 
  i was mostly impressed by the teacher i mentioned above - his part was most challenging ( deep horse stance work and lots of coordination ) , and his teaching style was the most engaging and interesting one . 
  the total practice included a lot of qigong , some drills , and either some short form or a part of a form or a sequence . 
  i do n't know enough taiji to tell the difference , and as this was a public demo thing open for participation they did n't really go for explaining the concepts or names of things , it was mainly about repeating the moves . 
  the only other thing we got told was to focus on the yin and yang part of some moves . 
  no tui shou , applications or sparring were demoed at any point . 
  but then again - it was a public demo , so not much dept was expected . 
  the training made me relaxed and intrigued ... 
   osoto is much harder than it looks, 
  can confirm . 
  i learned osoto gari on my kempo/jjj class , my execution there ( with a compliant partner ) is actually quite good compared to others of my rank . 
  but i never managed to pull it off vs a resisting partner during my bjj standup . 
  gon na pay a local judo club a visit for some pointers . 
  not spiritual / religious . 
  sometimes i meditate , but that 's purely because i like that sort of focus and clearing my head . 
  just checked out that video and googled the guy . 
  he seems very interesting , and makes some very good points . 
  also , gon na try some of the stuff he showed in video , 
  my son is 7 now , been taking him to various ma demos and trial classes but he did n't bite yet - however , he ended up in a multi-sport group which sometimes does a bit of wrestling-like stuff , and he jumps me while i put him in triangles and make him fly in my butterfly guard ... so there may be hope for him yet . 
  and that 's the reason i 'd suggest playing some ground games with the kid , they love that stuff - and they learn some stuff from that . 
  heck , my son is now trying to pass my legs , he never went for that before . 
  the experience does count for something i guess . 
  regarding the training plan , if he wants `` prepared for whatever '' , how about adding some mma at 18 ? 
  that would at least prepare him for encountering striking . 
  i tried that . 
  he would refuse to train and would just sit on the sides after 20 minutes or so , playing with the mats .
