  which patron did you have in mind ? 
  archfey could work thematically with bard . 
  goo is also fun with telepathy . 
  the important question is - how far did you intend your tome pact to go ? 
  personally , i 'd take my 4th level in lock too , to get bard 1 / lock 3 , get tome pact , book of ancient secrets invocation ( pick up find familiar ritual + one more not on bard 's list , as bards are ritual casters too ) and leave it at that . 
  now you got 3 sets of cantrips and level 2 lock slots ( which you can also use for bard healing spells , yay ) !, 
  now , if you 're asi hungry take another level in warlock too for that + cha which will certainly come useful ( +1 more cantrip and spell ) . 
  having access to eldritch blast means you wo n't really be gimping yourself whichever way you go . 
  next , push bard to lvl 4 to max your cha . 
  take college of lore . 
  this will turn you from a great party face into an incredible party face , skill monkey , and decent support . 
  you 'll notice your spellcasting is becoming rather limited at this level compared to players who fully focused casters , but eldritch blast will remain viable and you 'll have a lot of staying power . 
  from there on , level as you wish - focusing on the bard will probably give you more oomph , as next few levels give you very exciting stuff . 
  i had a similar situation . 
  i purchased the starter set which has a great adventure ( lost mines of phandelver ) , easy to run and play ( especially for new or rusty players ) yet challenging enough . 
  it is a lvl 1-5 campaign , but the first part can be easily self-contained and run as a one-shot . 
  if the party likes it , you can easily continue it for several weeks or months should you wish to , the materials are there . 
  other than that , check out dmsguild - there 's a lot of adventurer 's league scenarios which you can run as one-shots , and they can tie into a bigger story or other one-shot scenarios from the same season in the future . 
  looks like you 're doing well so far , although i recommend using bless rather than bane - it does n't require a saving throw , helps your party , and if you 're one of the targets it also gets you +1 d4 on saves , making these con saves easier . 
  looking at your stats and playstyle , personally i 'd rather take a level in cleric and go for heavy armor master ( str +1 and decreased damage from nonmagical sources ) . 
  this will keep you relevant in melee and reduce the amount you 'll have to heal yourself . 
  are you using your hammer 1h with shield or 2h for more damage ? 
  `` vuman '' made me chuckle :d, 
  filled out . 
  interesting choice of questions - do you work for wotc ? 
  just checked it out , looks great but sadly that kickstarter is over . 
  i 'll be keeping my eye out on them . 
   that 's awesome ... there 's a huge reenactment battle every year at klis fortress for the past few years , i 've never made the journey for that but some day i might , 
  grid - yeah , that one looks great ( similar to chessex ? ), 
  but it 's $ 24.99 , shipping to my place is $ 26.44 , and import fees, 
  $ 9.61 , making the total cost over $ 60 . 
  i did check ebay and amazon , same issues everywhere . 
  toys-r-us - that set looks great for that price , but it 's no longer available ... and toys-r-us does n't ship to europe . 
  i 'll keep an eye out if i find something similar around here , but minis are not quite common in our stores . 
  wizkids ones look great . 
  flgs sells some d&d board games too such as legend of drizzt which include a set of minis , but they seem even more expensive ( around $ 75 locally ) . 
  hmm . 
  searching around , my flgs stocks citadel technical imperial primer . 
  my crafts store has some non-mini specific type made for porous materials ( [ my mini material ] ( https://www.heroforge.com/materials/ ) is porous ) which is more expensive . 
  any advice ? 
  poz  great find on the flip-mat seller with free shipping :d i 've been eyeing that one as well , but have n't found that seller - thanks for the link . 
  did you replace bases on your mage knight or do you just use them as they are ? 
  i already posted my question [ on minipainting as well ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/minipainting/comments/5rm50j/new_guy_cheap_hero_forge_minis/ ) , 
  i think they are . 
  will double check . 
  i was planning on washing / toothbrushing minis before i start painting them . 
  ah , that reminds me of good old days of 2e and choosing between phb polearms - bardiche , bec de corbin , bill-guisarme , fauchard-fork , glaive-guisarme , guisarme-voulge , hook fauchard , lucern hammer , ranseur and many more . 
  glad that 5e cleaned all that up . 
  call it as you will , but my suggestion is treat it as one of the base weapons . 
  i 'd build her as half-orc rogue ( assassin ) x / monk ( shadow ) 6 . 
  obvious assassin is obvious . 
  shadow monk to duplicate her ability to simply appear behind an enemy out of nowhere and kill them ( from the wow quest an inside job , warlords legendary ring questline ) . 
  bless is still more effective than bane even if there 's only 2 of you , because of math . 
  you have +3 from wis , and +2 proficiency bonus making your dc 13 . 
  if you 're casting your bane at exactly 3 opponents , even if they have +0 on cha saves that still means your opponents get 35 % chance to save . 
  each . 
  actual chance to apply your bane reliably to 3 weakest opponents in ideal conditions is just slightly over 27 % . 
  that is , if they do n't happen to have cha saves ... 
  bless works 100 % , keeps working even when you kill an opponent , and boosts your con saves to keep it up . 
  you might even be able to get 2 encounters out of it if you move fast . 
  instead of magic initiate , how about taking your second level in wizard instead ? 
  this would allow you to pick up resilient at 1st level instead , and you 'd get access to all the spells that interest you ... plus shield , which would be a great bump for your survivability . 
  with that build i 'd take +1 at strength for 15 starting strength ( for heavy armor ) , and get 13s in con ( raised to 14 immediately due to resilient ) and int ( for multiclassing ) . 
  i do n't think war caster is such a high priority for that character . 
  your con saves will be very nice from the start , with 14 con and resilient you 'd get +4 at lvl 1 , +1 d4 if you have bless on . 
  which you probably should at early levels . 
  this would allow you to go asi at cle4 , for +1 str +1 wis. 
  hehe . 
  might go that route once i move , for now i 'd prefer something taking less space :d, 
  i might check out my local bauhaus though . 
  i 'm gon na check if this `` contact paper '' thing is available locally and under which name , 
  the square paper sold here ( which i 've seen ) has a much smaller grid . 
  guess i could draw bigger squares on it . 
  [ my attempt , not proud of it ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/minipainting/comments/5rsv3l/new_guy_first_painting_attempt_hero_forge_nylon/ ) . 
  if i order more minis from them , i 'll go for more paintable ones and do it more properly ( since this time i went for the cheapest , barely paintable material ) . 
  my advice : play the archfey as maybe beautiful but also utterly manipulative , alien and inhuman . 
  the british show * jonathan strange & mr norrell * provides one of the best examples of these , and i highly recommend watching it . 
  role-play wise , your character made a bargain for power . 
  that sort of power never comes for free , and the archfey providing it should probably expect to profit from the bargain more than they give up . 
  i suggest that your faerie gives your character title not to shut him up , but to feed into his delusions more in order to make him more subservient . 
  perhaps she even caused these delusions in the first place , and manipulated your character in invisible ways for a long time in order to make a bargain with him . 
  to sell that concept , get your character to have full trust in his patron , whether natural or as a result of some enchantment . 
  `` ah , you 're an elf ? 
  i 'll be an elf lord too , soon . 
  it 's a destiny which was promised to me . 
  i have powerful friends , you know ... hehe '', 
  it 's ok , as balanced as regular 4d6 though it might annoy your players a bit more than standard methods . 
  if your players are ok with it , you 're good to go and should n't need any specific adjustment to materials . 
  it 's more flexible and powerful than the old pre-3e default method ( roll 3d6 and put them into attributes in order - first roll always goes to str etc ) . 
  that 's a large party . 
  i 'd probably go rogue ( ranged or hit & run melee ) . 
  your pally and fighter ( and maybe cleric if they 're melee ) should set you up for plenty of sneak attack attempts . 
  if you prefer something with spells , a sorcerer could work too - your pally and fighter will love you once you start throwing around twinned haste at lvl 5 . 
  there 's your issue - you 're playing a mastermind rogue in a game with 2 full spellcasters . 
  rogues ( and masterminds especially ) work much better when there 's a meatshield around ( barbarian , fighter , paladin , melee ranger ... even maybe a monk ) . 
  you need them to set you up with sneak attack opportunities ( and soak up damage ) , and in return as a mastermind you set them up with advantage on their attacks . 
  is there anyone else in melee ? 
  depends on how casters are set up , e.g. 
  some clerics and moon druids make excellent meatshields as well . 
  if not , a meatshield is you - get yourself in melee .
