  of course , units were appropriately steampunk-flavored , so we had airship squadrons , automatons etc. 
  in august , we ran a game which was full-on boardgame war between two alliances , and we were separated by a barrier battleship-style in order not to see each others ' board movements . 
  i wrote more details about that game [ here ] ( http://www.crolarper.com/2015/09/steampunk-world-war-climax-review.html ) . 
  this had mixed reactions from players - most liked it , but some did n't , because people came to larp to ... well , larp . 
  there 's a significant overlap between people who like larps and people who like boardgames , but it 's rare to find someone who likes playing both to an equal degree . 
  my advice would be , if you want to implement that system do n't force everyone into it . 
  maybe select a few `` generals '' representing that faction who want to play it ... heck , maybe becoming such general can become a plot point in your larp , sounds like a good opportunity to handle it ic . 
  alternatively , there are other larps i played in ( and some others i heard about ) which resolved any battles with ic combat , usually as a short special event before the main larp started . 
  either with pcs from that faction or npcs representing soldiers . 
  for clarification - this was one very specific event , not the usual larp of that series . 
  otherwise , that system was used between larps . 
  first time i used it was about 2 years ago , it was 1-on-1 game with the gm . 
  would be perfect if i could wear them at work :d, 
  good idea , i 'll check local tailors and their prices . 
   how does your spouse feel about your fitness goals ? 
  are they supportive , are they jealous , are they tired of hearing about how good you look everywhere you go ? 
  my wife used to be jealous because she felt that she was being left alone with kids while i was `` out there having fun '' . 
  so i talked her in signing up as well , in another timeslot so that we both get to work out / take care of kids on different days . 
  this completely stopped all the jealousy . 
  she never had any reaction on anything other people said . 
  she likes the results , however - both on me and on her . 
   does your diet make shared meals hard ? 
  there are some difficulties since at the moment she 's on a cut and i 'm on a bulk . 
  shared meals are no problem , i just have more now . 
   do your gym visits make other plans difficult ? 
  absolutely . 
  my gym visits * and hers too * leave us with almost no free time . 
   have you had to have `` a talk '' about how much time spend reading about fitness trends ? 
  reading , no . 
  `` being overly obsessed '' , yes . 
  bananas, 
  i did their recommended routine before i started ss . 
  great stuff especially for upper body . 
  but i do n't know if anything could really replace squats or deadlifts . 
  the thought also crossed my mind , if i ca n't keep my gains i might as well do a nice cut . 
  but i 'd rather keep my gains if that 's possible . 
  3 weeks for a start  it will prolly take 2-3 months . 
  i was planning a cut sometime early next year , but i did n't plan it so early . 
  well , this is my first adult bike - i had a bicycle as a kid , but i never really rode it seriously . 
  after i moved closer to my workplace , bicycling became an option for my commute . 
  i started using a local bikeshare program , and was quite happy with it . 
  but then it closed for winter time . 
  went to work by car for a couple of days and hated it . 
  i went to a local bike shop ( 10 minutes by foot from my home ) and bought this bike . 
  using current exchange rate , total cost was about $ 275 ( stock bike + led lights , bell and cable lock , tax included ) . 
  it 's foldable , which is important to me due to lack of storage space ( so i can keep it in my condo or the trunk of my car ) . 
  i 'm planning to get myself an u-lock next . 
  i rode it to work , and it does the daily commute task fine . 
  my commute distance is 7 km ( 4.35 mi ) each way . 
  i just have this huge sense of freedom while riding it , feeling like i could go anywhere at any time without paying for fuel , being stuck in a traffic jam or paying for parking space . 
  did anyone else have the same when getting their first bike ? 
  i played in a star wars larp which used adapted ruleset from a local general purpose sci-fi larp . 
  unfortunately , they are not available in english but they were n't really working well for the larp . 
  one of the big problem was just how force users are overpowered compared to anything else in-universe , and it was impossible to do something which is both balanced , true to the lore , and believable to represent . 
  whichever solution we tried failed in at least one of these areas . 
  maybe it would be simplest if you limited characters played to either all force users or no force users . 
  this would avoid the balance issues , possible favoritism accusations and it would simplify the rule design . 
  my workplace is in a very safe area , and bike parking is in direct sight of a security guard . 
  at home , it 's folded and packed in . 
  however , as i mentioned in my post i 'll be getting myself an u-lock as well , and i 'll use it together with the cable for when i 'll have to visit riskier areas . 
  it 's an italian manufacturer , cinzia . 
  model is 20 '' carbike . 
  my first fail was a week ago . 
  there are no closed power racks in my gym , so i squat in a squat rack which is open on one side , and has non-adjustable safeties . 
  my form on that rep was horrible , and i went a bit too far back which destabilised me so i fell that way . 
  the left pin caught the bar , but i was too far out , while the right side went down on the floor . 
  i found myself under the bar , holding it in position to prevent it from crashing but unable to lift it . 
  even though i had no spotter , a gymbro noticed what was going on and helped me out of that situation . 
  nothing was hurt except for my pride , and i got a good lesson from it . 
  and a slightly sore back , but was n't that bad . 
  next time i did squats , i did them with best form of my life . 
  thanks , these are some good numbers, 
  beachbody videos are mlm products , and their coaches are salesmen like amway or herbalife . 
  before/after photos are mainly sent by coaches themselves , who have a clear interest in both marketing the product and having their photos published by the company because it gives them more visibility . 
  and at the same time , bb will just collect photos in an online form without additional quality control . 
  i 'm not saying some photos are dishonest , but there 's certainly a lot of room for them to be . 
  workouts are ok . 
  some people like the video format , and to be honest this is how i started working out - i 'm not sure if i would have done that without a home video . 
  all of these workouts have a strong lineup of workouts ( and diet programs , if you ignore their supplements that they 're trying to push ) that will make you stronger and more cardio fit . 
  however , i have to say i got better results ( except for cardio ) when i switched from their programs to a bwf recommended routine . 
  i 'm from europe , still have and recommend calimacil . 
  hard-wearing and durable , will buy again if my sword ever dies . 
  i have , sort of . 
  actually i was looking for a gym . 
  and it just happens that there was this martial arts school which had a weight room , and it was close to me and on top of that it was cheaper than most gyms . 
  and then few weeks later i fell in love with the art itself . 
  weight loss is 80 % about eating . 
  or more exactly , not eating much . 
  try myfitnesspal , log in your daily calories and go from there . 
  you can also check / r/loseit, 
  no larps in my country actually have larp-specific training sessions - there was a group which tried that for a while , but they dissolved . 
  i 'm involved with various larps , which include various styles of combat - no combat , nonphysical combat , athletic/sporty combat with either light or medium touch , and needs-to-look-good dramatic performance combat are all represented . 
  personally , i do martial arts ( safe breakfalls are awesome ) , japanese swordsmanship , and i spend some time in the gym . 
  in total about 8 hours a week . 
  this helps me in * all * of these larps - even in the nonphysical ones , since i better know what i 'm talking about , and i look more like a person who does all that stuff , which helps . 
  in the dramatic performance larps , it also makes my moves more realistic because i move better and i got better technique . 
  in athletic combat larps , on top of that it obviously helps with my conditioning , performance , quickness and strength . 
  hope that helps . 
  europe is a huge market , it consists of various countries with different languages , laws and income . 
  in croatia , most fantasy weekend larps will cost between 40 and 80 kn - which is about $ 6 - $ 12 .
