  if you had knee issues while running on the road , that wo n't improve simply by switching to the threadmill . 
  but you can do some things about it :, 
  * run slower . 
  ** slower ** . 
  * get your gait analyzed . 
  * are you wearing worn out shoes ? 
  some shoe shops offer this for free . 
  especially those that specialize in running shoes . 
  ok . also , since you 're already getting gym membership for threadmill , take the opportunity to use other equipment there for a balanced workout and best value for your money . 
  upper body workouts can be fun . 
  leg workouts are less so , but as you strengthen your legs it will also help alleviate any running pain since the muscles will be better capable of stabilizing your knees . 
  others got it pretty much covered , but there is one other option you might consider . 
  however , it is sinister and manipulative and not that easy to pull off but you avoid confrontation . 
  tell your frenemy that you 're not doing the diet anymore . 
  go with her to the [ unhealthy restaurant ] . 
  eat that donut . 
  but remember that she does n't see you out of office . 
  she does n't know how you work out or what you eat ... or do n't eat ... while you 're out there . 
  which , after an unhealthy lunch might be only a few calories of nutritionally dense food ( e.g. 
  spinach , kale , lentils etc. ), 
  to fix your macros for the day , and still keep you under your calorie goal . 
  she will smile because she will think she got her way ( and you avoided confrontation as well as any reason for her to shittalk about you ) , but how will she take it when you keep losing weight ? 
  she 'll start thinking of you as one of the people with incredible metabolism who ca n't get fat no matter what they eat . 
  anyways , good luck dealing with this ( using any method you find comfortable ) . 
  i did n't take real `` before '' photos when i was at 108 kg , and now i regret it . 
  i took `` sort-of-before '' photos when i was 101 kg . 
  i 'm at 95 now , and still have a long way to go . 
  before photos are not motivating by themselves , but they are motivating when you combine them with after photos . 
  also , you can blur , cut off , or put a huge smiley to obscure your face on the photo . 
  that way you can mark your progress , and you can be sure you 're not producing any future blackmail material , and that your career is safe , 
  i would n't go for that , seems not too healthy and probably too expensive ... what do you usually eat ? 
  you can mix your own protein shakes cheaper if you buy protein powder , and mix it with milk or water . 
  or you can eat more protein-rich food , such as meat , fish , eggs , dairy products , lentils , beans , nuts and more . 
  so that 's what these are called ? 
  two years ago i got a pack of those from some dutch friends of mine . 
  they are awesome !, 
  now i want one , lol . 
  the struggle is real . 
  do n't worry , your weight loss is noticable - especially from the side !, 
  it looks like you lost some belly , shrunk overall and got better defined especially in shoulders and chest area . 
  remember - that weight did not come on instantly , it wo n't come off instantly . 
  this is a marathon , not a sprint . 
  the results do n't come overnight , they take some time - but you seem to be on a very good path . 
  my suggestion : measure body fat percentages . 
  [ here 's ] ( http://cdn.builtlean.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/09/body-fat-percentage-men.jpg ) one of the visual guides . 
  i 'd say you probably dropped from around 30 % - ish to around 25 % - ish . 
  keep it up !, 
  in short : eat less . 
  move more . 
  some tips on how to accomplish it :, 
  * stay clear of junk food, 
  * replace sodas with water, 
  * eat less bread with your food, 
  * avoid candies , snacks , desserts etc. , or ask for a piece of fruit instead, 
  * eat slower , that will make you full with less food, 
  * drink more water, 
  * try getting your parents to sign you up for some sports or other activities that you 'd like ... football , martial arts , dancing , swimming , boy scouts , whatever you like - as long as you keep moving, 
  * there are some bodyweight exercises that you can easily do almost everywhere and without being noticed as long as you got some privacy - plank holds , push ups , dips , l-sits , inverted rows , bodyweight squats , lunges , crunches etc. 
  for more info see / r/bodyweightfitness, 
  * get adequate sleep, 
  * if you still ai n't losing weight after two weeks , you 're probably still eating too much and moving too little, 
  do it , and you 'll appreciate what your leaner , stronger and more capable body can do for you . 
  you do not fear the shaking . 
  you embrace it . 
  no need to spend extra money on that , most pots will do fine . 
  i have a knockoff of bialetti that does its ' job well - although i 've been eyeing ikea radig as my next purchase . 
  let me tell you a story which happened only a few hours ago . 
  we had a family meeting , and my mother in law came to visit . 
  i had a pack of fresh ehtiopia sidamo , roasted last week , and i just ground a batch using my hario mini . 
  she 's not a coffee aficionado , and i gave her my freshly ground batch to smell and she loved it . 
  then i gave her one of the best local turkish pre-grounds . 
  the stuff that everyone in my area pretty much grows on . 
  she nearly gagged , and that 's the stuff she usually drinks daily . 
  the difference is incredible . 
  my suggestion : do n't bother with the pre-ground coffee at all . 
  it 's not that it 's not the same , it 's not even remotely in the same category of taste . 
  however , perhaps consider getting a french press instead ? 
  grinding beans to the fp coarse level usually takes me about 3x less time than grinding them to turkish coffee levels , and it 's a major time saver , as when i want to brew a quick coffee , the water heats up just in about the same time as i 'm done with grinding . 
  alternatively , you could get an electric grinder . 
  or pre-grind them the evening before , but they will lose some flavor by morning . 
  they 'll still beat the pre-ground coffee though . 
  try wiggling it a bit , it does the trick for me and it unstucks . 
  probably not gon na blow your mind , but you 'll get some nice variety  you 'll get a strongly flavored espresso-like drink . 
  for me , it 's a tie between french press and turkish coffee . 
  i also own a moka pot , but it 's a distant third . 
  in reality , the coffee - once pre-ground - needs to get degassed . 
  which means that it sits there , and co2 is lost . 
  it needs to happen , because otherwise the vacuum pack explodes . 
  once the pack is opened , the coffee deteriorates rapidly . 
  italian blends might be different than regular ones you 're used to ... 
  which blend did you get , btw ? 
  if you like them , buy them ... 
  well ... 
  i quit smoking 3 years ago cold turkey , but i did some ( non-running related ) aerobic exercise at the time i was smoking 1.5 packs a day . 
  i was able to do it , and while smoking did n't help it was n't really as much performance inhibiting as i thought it would be . 
  i was able to do 45 min workouts of high intensity ( which is longer than c25k week 9 ) . 
  in fact , i felt healthier when i was working out , and my desire for smoking was much reduced for a short time after the exercise . 
  i 'd say 5k is a very reachable goal , even as a smoker . 
  you might encounter some difficulties if you train for half marathon , but 5k should be within your reach . 
  the plan eases you into running those lengths .
