  considering a road bike as my next one ... 
  works for me , since i want to get fitter anyways , 
  i lost :, 
  * two from tubes being under-inflated, 
  * one from adjusting brakes wrongly so they tore into my tire wall ( lost tire that way too ), 
  * one from not identifying the above quickly enough, 
  took one [ when it was new ] ( http://i.imgur.com/wxzcl9e.jpg ) . 
  it looks much the same now , but dirtier . 
  yup , i store it folded . 
  i still own , need and use my car ( which is paid in full ) , so many of these costs are still there regardless . 
  i just do n't use it daily anymore . 
  cycling through europe ? 
  :o what was your route ? 
  just checked out that bike , it 's awesome . 
  my commute is almost as long despite being shorter by over half - my bike is rather slow , and the local infrastructure in this area limits it further . 
  i like decathlon 's value for money . 
  i 'd certainly rethink it if i did n't already own the car which was already fully paid for . 
  still , mine is the only car in the family , and despite it rarely being used more than once a week i still do about 15k km / year with it . 
  good advice , will certainly consider them . 
  thanks , 
  i also train other stuff , so cycling is to me just a bonus - although terrible diet and drinking are my vices as well . 
  i did , however , notice some growth and definition in my quads . 
  bad roads , and the fact that our bike lanes are mostly painted on sidewalks , so we have to get up and down them a lot . 
  hit a bump , tube got pinched between rim and tire . 
  wow :o i do n't think i could imagine that level of cold ... do n't really have experiences to reference . 
  what did you wear to survive this weather ? 
  thanks for sharing !, 
  there are a few chain stores around these parts which sell gear ( their own brand ) which is relatively cheap , but good value for money . 
  i caught some stuff on sale as well . 
  and some of the stuff i bought really cheap ( like first lights , which ended up on helmet after i upgraded those on bike ) . 
  so depending on where i bought the gear , it could cost me your prices as well . 
  lunch . 
  my stomach bursts and i die . 
  cops arrive , and they get scarred for life by the nightmarish sight of giant half-digested calamari tentacles protruding out of my stomach . 
  disclaimer : i do n't own an espresso machine , though i do use one in my office every day . 
  at home , i mostly make my coffee with french press , or a moka pot , with a battery-operated milk frother from ikea . 
  not the same as espresso , but that setup makes great drinks for the price and space involved . 
  having said that , rancilio silvia is an excellent machine for its price - i 'd recommend it if it 's within your budget . 
  gaggia classic is also a good one , priced a bit lower . 
  you need a good grinder to go with them to get the maximum out of it . 
  you might also wish to check / r/coffee /, 
  thanks for the tips  i have n't seen the other roasts in the menu there , but i will ask if there are any available the next opportunity i get . 
  thanks , 
  cafes around here tend to be very social places . 
  you usually either visit them with friends ( or you go to a cafe to meet them ) , or to chat with the baristas/waiters ( if you 're a regular ) . 
  sometimes both . 
  and we do tend to take some time to drink our coffees ... that might help explain it further :d, 
  btw , i make myself doppios every day in office , since we have an espresso machine there ( semiautomatic ) . 
  i rarely order them in cafes , since in croatia they simply cost twice the price of regular espressos . 
  in another ( non-sbux ) cafe in germany i saw them being only slightly more expensive , so i ordered one ... do n't remember if i saw starbucks pricing . 
  hehe . 
  i like their flat whites . 
  little else though . 
  awesome  where will you go ? 
  currently we have christmas markets open in most cities until january 8 - the one in zagreb got voted as best in europe for 2nd year in a row . 
  here 's a few tips regarding our cafes :, 
  * most coffees should cost between 7-14 kn ( $ 1 - $ 2 ) , which depends more on the location of the cafe than the actual coffee you 'll find there . 
  you can find cheaper coffee in more remote places , as well as the more expensive coffee in a few places ( such as the old town of dubrovnik , probably the most expensive part of croatia ), 
  * the title `` barista '' is used only in a few specialty coffee shops , in most of the cafes the title `` konobar '' ( waiter ) is used instead, 
  * as a general rule , almost all cafes are waited , you typically pay once you 're done with drinking , and tips are welcome but neither expected nor common - the typical way of tipping , should you decide to do so , is just to round up the amount to the next 10 kn, 
  * you will be provided with the receipt whether you ask for it or not , it should have a tax authorization string near the bottom , and you are required to take it and leave the premises still carrying it - you can actually be fined by the tax inspection if you do n't take it ( although it 's extremely unlikely that it will happen ), 
  * most cafes do n't sell food , but they do sell alcohol as they double as bars in the evening, 
  * many croats are smokers , and most cafes tend to allow smoking ( unless they sell some food , in which case they ca n't ) . 
  they are required to provide adequate ventilation . 
  some have separate smoking/nonsmoking sections . 
  a few do n't allow smoking at all ( even if they do n't sell food ), 
  * most cafes have outdoor terraces , and most people prefer to sit outdoors for most of the year ; some cafes even keep their terraces open during the winter , and provide outdoor heating , perhaps even blankets as well, 
  * some cafes might offer paper cups for coffee to go ; others might only offer blank stares , or even openly ask you why would you consider such a thing . 
  most cafes sell spending time at their location as much as whatever drinks they decide to sell, 
  * newspapers , magazines , tv and/or wi-fi might be provided ... or not , depends on the cafe, 
  * most of them will have a sign advertising the roastery they sell their coffee from . 
  franck is the local one , and the most common commercial roaster . 
  they also have upscale coffee ( stretto and superiore ) which has separate branding . 
  you 'll also find some other roasters , including local ones ( vivas , anamaria etc ) , italian ( illy , lavazza , segafredo ) , austrian ( julius meinl ) , slovenian ( barcaffe ) etc. 
  these large roasteries often provide equipment and branding for free to the local cafes - once they sign the contract to buy their coffee exclusively, 
  * there are a few specialty local roasters and coffee shops in zagreb . 
  eli 's is the best coffee in zagreb by far by any standards - their own cafe is a nonsmoking place . 
  teneo is probably the best place if you prefer starbucks-like drinks , also a nonsmoking place . 
  cogito coffee is also awesome ( i 'd score it higher than teneo if you prefer your coffee simple , but lower if you like lattes and syrups ) , and they supply several cafes around ( most are smoking places though ) . 
  * outside of zagreb , these are rare , but you can find `` lucky specialty coffee '' in zadar , `` american bar dollar '' in osijek ( both of which sell cogito coffee ) and filodrammatica bookshop caffe in rijeka which are better than usual stuff  ( plus maybe several more i do n't know about ), 
  * free or cheap refills of anything are an unknown thing here , the only place you get that is ikea . 
  * most places will give you a free glass of tap water with your coffee , even without you asking . 
  * there are some kiosks and bakeries ( we have a lot of both ) who sell coffee to go ... as a general rule ( unless you see a nice machine ) , avoid - most of that coffee is vending machine quality . 
  that 's great  i 'm from zagreb , so if you got any more questions about the city feel free to pm me . 
  i often camp , and i just take pre-ground turkish coffee . 
  no weight for grinder , cooks in anything over a campfire so no equipment needed either , still tastes better and takes less volume than instant coffee . 
  never used eggshells or anything . 
  it 's turkish coffee , you do have grounds in it . 
  however ,, 
  - turkish grind is fine like powder , finer than espresso - so it 's not an issue and they are drinkable, 
  - after the coffee is done you can let it sit down for a minute until the grounds setle , then pour it in a cup, 
  - leave a bit at the end of pot and at the end of cup , as most grounds will be at the bottom and that will be `` muddy '', 
  cultural appropriation / theft did n't really happened here . 
  what did happen was economical empowering of the chinese/japanese/korean / thai etc. 
  martial artists when they realized they had a product they could successfuly market and sell in the western countries . 
  in many cases they still do , and all of these countries mentioned still benefit from martial arts-related tourism , and continue to promote their martial arts to the western scene - via marketing , movies/anime , and directly by embassies in the western countries . 
  so your dislike of that actually goes against those countries ' direct wishes and efforts . 
  also , speaking from my personal experience :, 
  * i 've been learning a few asian martial arts in my life , in most of them we used titles in my language, 
  * while i met several people interested in ( and with some knowledge of ) some aspects of japanese or chinese culture , i never met anybody who boasted of their knowledge of the culture as a whole - these guys tended to be humble,
