  from 2nd level on , they have channel divinity : preserve life . 
  this fully regenerates every short rest . 
  they also have `` bless '' , which is an amazing buff for the 1st level - really raising your entire party 's efficiency , both at attacks ( dead things do n't do damage ) , and at saving throws . 
  also , if you ran the adventure as written you also got 2 healing potions from the 1st dungeon , and can buy more for 50 gp each . 
  all the core features except sneak attack are still available to rogue using long sword . 
  the rogue could also sneak attack with his ranged and/or offhand weapon . 
  there are a few situations ( depending on the ability scores rolled , party setup and loot received ) when i could see this actually working better than the alternative . 
  either way , it 's just an option , like barbarians who are able to main hand daggers or clubs despite better options existing in most cases - would n't really call it a trap . 
  5e consolidated older editions longsword and bastard sword into one weapon . 
  i did some longsword training irl . 
  balanced or not , longswords are long and you actually need strength to use them properly for the majority of the most powerful cuts . 
  they are much harder to use in one hand properly , as their length also means they have extra leverage on your wrists - harder than , say , a katana which has similar weight but it 's shorter . 
  from my experiences , i would n't call it a finesse weapon . 
  you certainly need strength to use it . 
  with these 3 classes , personally i 'd go fighter 1st ( heavy armor , sword and board , def style - you 'll need str 15 ) . 
  this gets you ac 19 at lvl 1 with chain + shield , up to 21 once you can afford plate . 
  level your fighter up to 2 for action surge . 
  then i 'd take 2 levels in warlock , agonizing blast + one more invocation and continue on as sorc from level 5 . 
  if you do n't start as sorc , you can justify it in your story by simply having your powers manifest faster . 
  this is a defensive option , it will make you more survivable ( and a decent tank for lvl 1-4 ) , although your damage potential and versatility will suffer a bit compared to others ( if they have a good build ) at 5-6 . 
  then you get metamagic , asi and lvl 3 spells , and from lvl 9 onwards you 'll be a beast . 
  alternative is a typical sorlock build ( well , less than typical since you 're using storm sorc but still ) . 
  start lvl 1 sorc for con saves , then go 2 levels in warlock , then 5 more levels in sorc for that asi , rush to lvl 3 spells and your lvl 6 ability ( heart of the storm ) . 
  then ( optionally ) do the fighter dip . 
  this is the more offensive option , which will get you to your damage very fast and with no levels in which you 'll feel useless . 
  if you do n't want to dip 2 levels into fighter , then i 'd say that 1 level fighter dip is not worth it . 
  1 level cleric dip would be better - more in line with your character , you still get all armor/weapon/shield proficiencies you want depending on the chosen domain ( tempest would be nice for that character , but domain spells at lvl 1 are the same as for storm sorc ) , you miss out on the fighting style and second wind , but you gain a caster level with extra spell slots , 3 cleric cantrips , the ability to prepare 1st level cleric spells ( if one of them is a healing spell , that 's an alternative for second wind and later on you can cast it with your high level sorc slots ) , and a domain lvl 1 feature . 
  currently using bracers of defense , goggles of night and a +3 dagger ( in combo with poisons ) on my human open hand monk . 
  cloak of displacement , cloak of protection , luckstone , ring of protection , winged boots and any other magical weapon are a good choice as well . 
  sure you do - you can still hold the weapon in your offhand . 
  you just do n't get the bonus offhand attack ( unless both weapons are light , or you have the dual wielder feat ) . 
  when you take your regular attack action , you can simply choose the weapon which you will use ( or an unarmed strike ) . 
  if you have sneak attack conditions , use the light one . 
  if not , use the harder hitting one . 
  you 're at the worst level for multiclass right now . 
  keep leveling your fighter until level 6 , that will get you two ability score improvements and an extra attack . 
  paladin might work ... but it wo n't really change your playstyle much , and it wo n't be really fun for several more levels . 
  unless you put both ability score improvements in charisma ( which i do n't recommend , as they will gimp your melee ) , you will find multi-classing into a bard very ... ineffective for most options . 
  however , i do have a suggestion for your multiclassing dilemma . 
  this could easily be played with the same hostage experience - the character swears fealty to some other power to make him stronger . 
  2 levels into warlock can add you some nice spells which play into melee playstyle ( armor of agathys , hellish rebuke , hex ) , as well as two invocations . 
  even if you do n't go the eldritch blast route , beguiling influence can give you deception and persuation proficiencies for the options to play face . 
  3rd level can give you a new spell ( i suggest mirror image or invisibility ) , a pact boon to vastly increase your playstyle options ( you can do a lot with tome + ritual invocation for it , or one of the provided familiars from chain pact ) , and a spell slot upgrade . 
  the current setup should have your tanking and healing covered , as you got 3 characters who can cast divine spells ( diviner can also heal with his wizard slots ) , and two who can tank . 
  paladin can also face for your party . 
  seems to me that bard would already have most of his roles covered . 
  rogue should work well . 
  excellent skill monkey , and can provide some extra damage and remove traps . 
  a 5th level enemy caster takes it off and hurts your friends in a single round with a fireball spell . 
  an opposing warlock of the same level possibly takes it off you by hitting you with agonizing eldritch blast for 2d10 +2 xcha +2 d6hex for no spell slots . 
  it 's a good spell - excellent in some situations - but hardly op . 
  dwarves are ... very suboptimal for rogues , to say the least . 
  one of the viable builds would be a grappler rogue . 
  get a mountain dwarf for str bonus and medium armor proficiency . 
  focus on strength primary , dex 14 and con as high as you can get it with those +2 bonuses . 
  take sailor/pirate background for athletics and perception , and expertise your athletics for double prof bonus . 
  go grapple your opponents and stab them while they 're grappled . 
  at lvl 2 take 1 level of barbarian for rage since it will give you advantage on your grapple checks , resistance to damage and extra damage while you 're stabbing your grappled opponent . 
  keep leveling , get grappler feat at some point for extra advantage ( and sneak attack ) while you stab grappled people , and have fun . 
  as a swashbuckler with this build you wo n't be utilizing fancy footwork much ( it does n't work that well for you because of your lower speed ) , but it 's still an option for some encounters . 
  other archetype features will work well for this build . 
  / u/rollme [ [ 1d20 ] ], 
  hmm , my son is 6 now ... might be a good idea to hook him up at some point soon :d these stories of other people playing with their kids do sound fun . 
  how do you place your illusions ? 
  what are your illusions ? 
  if you use illusions like holograms which seem out of place and pop up often , it 's ok for players to have their characters to act as if they 're not real . 
  if you 're using them , do n't make obvious what is real and what is not . 
  * illusions can be quite subtle . 
  they can be used to create false clues . 
  * illusions can hide something tat 's actually there . 
  like an illusionary wall which hides the actual passage . 
  or an illusionary rubble that hides the altar . 
  * illusions can be quite deadly . 
  check out phantasmal killer . 
  dream sequence , if made by the malicious target , could use the dream spell and horrify the dreamers , getting them 3d6 psychic damage and preventing any benefit from the rest . 
  * some things could be real , and not an illusion . 
  party ignores the `` illusionary '' attacker ? 
  well he gets a surprise round and/or an advantage . 
  * you disbelieve that fake beholder , you say ? 
  the fireball from a mage under greater invisibility that 's there works nonetheless . 
  so let me get this straight :, 
  * characters had actual knowledge that the dungeon has illusions . 
  * players ignored something that was an actual illusion . 
  i see no problem there . 
  it 's their own choice to treat something as real ( or not ) , that does n't make anyone a `` problem player '' , they 're not breaking anything . 
  sometimes that will work , sometimes that will backfire . 
  in everything i ran so far , i usually announced in advance what material is ok for players to use in the campaign . 
  for 5e , i 'd rank it in `` tiers '' :, 
  * basic, 
  * splatbooks, 
  * 3rd party / homebrew, 
  personally , i only allow published wotc stuff ( except ua , as i find a lot of it badly balanced ) , and i play in a campaign which allows everything . 
  i got some homebrew spells there - won a book in a contest , dm provided me with written descriptions . 
  that was an ok way to introduce that content . 
  yup ... made a typo up there , thanks for pointing it out . 
  edited . 
  regarding tabletop :, 
  * pathfinder - for same reasons as d&d i guess . 
  * various flavors of world of darkness rpgs ( vampire the masquerade , vampire the requiem , werewolf the apocalypse ) - interesting setting , moral issues , different approach to powers . 
  * fate - a simple system for playing anything , easy to weave a lot of story around characters themselves .
