  there are other types available , but depending on your local stores you might be stuck with pre-ground coffee and a turkish grind . 
  franck filter grind ( golden pack ) might be available and usable for chemex , but it 's basically the same jubilarna stuff except for the grind . 
  your closest third-wave coffee shop will be in rijeka . 
  if there 's a large supermarket near your place , you might be able to find whole-bean illy or lavazza - though lavazza , where available , is only in 1 kg packs . 
  lidl sometimes has their whole bean stuff ( which is pretty horrible ) , and interspar has their own whole bean blend ( that 's actually decent ) . 
  has bean also does delivery to croatia . 
  try almond , coconut , oat , rice , or other brands of soy . 
  cafetiere for milk foaming too . 
  also , make sure you 're pushing the press down very very slowly . 
  pushing too fast might give you more grounds . 
  decant \u00ecmmediately after pressing . 
  i 'm disappointed . 
  i thought he was gon na fix it himself by rewriting the kernel for the jura machine , and then post the source code online ... 
  i 'd say it 's the grinder - although with it you should be getting results that are at least drinkable . 
  one quick hack : do you have a fine mesh sieve ? 
  you could try sifting away the smallest particles . 
  it should improve your coffee taste . 
  also , be extra slow and careful while pushing the plunger and pouring coffee out of your french press . 
  that should result with even less sediment . 
  brilliant guide , 
  because she prefers drinking good coffee , just not making it . 
  so i 'm trying to find something convenient enough . 
  we had a talk ... she does n't really enjoy instant coffee , she 's drinking it because it 's convenient and since we had that jar of instant coffee since before we got the grinder . 
  we 'll run out soon , and she does n't want us to buy any more instant coffee . 
  she 'll do the grinding and fp . 
  thanks for the advice , folks . 
  we had a talk ... she does n't really enjoy instant coffee , she 's drinking it because it 's convenient and since we had that jar of instant coffee since before we got the grinder . 
  we 'll run out soon , and she does n't want us to buy any more instant coffee . 
  she 'll do the grinding and fp . 
  electrical grinder ... maybe one day , used mazzer supper jolly can be had for cheap in my area , 
  thanks for the advice , we 've decided against the programmable . 
  bean to cup is far from our price range . 
  we had a talk ... she does n't really enjoy instant coffee , she 's drinking it because it 's convenient and since we had that jar of instant coffee since before we got the grinder . 
  we 'll run out soon , and she does n't want us to buy any more instant coffee . 
  she 'll do the grinding and fp . 
  that 's an interesting coffee . 
  sounds like something between turkish and fp . 
  is the coffeemaker clean/descaled ? 
  you could wash the parts and run a water/vinegar solution or water/citric acid solution brewing cycle to clean the old stuff . 
  followed by a water cycle . 
  if it 's a cheap coffeemaker , you probably wo n't get good coffee with it . 
  ever . 
  but you should remove it from hot plate after it brews - better for coffee to be cold than burned . 
  put it in a thermos bottle or carafe or something . 
  that should improve the preparation a bit . 
  or bring better coffee from home in a thermos . 
  if you can upgrade the machine , you can get a cuisinart , capresso , breville or some other machine that will give you drip coffee and have an integrated burr grinder . 
  that should help significantly . 
  ground coffee does n't have to be bitter . 
  bad ( or badly prepared ) ground coffee is . 
  the best way to `` combat '' this is to use decent and freshly ground beans  you can add milk , cream , sugars , flavored syrups etc. 
  if you prefer to get whatever you wish . 
  capsule machines have two problems . 
  one of them is quality , as others have mentioned - but if you 're new to coffee you probably wo n't notice it that much . 
  however , what you will notice is cost . 
  the machines are typically cheap because manufacturers do the `` razor and blades '' sales method - real profit is in capsules , which are overpriced . 
  you get locked into a proprietary system , and end up losing money after a time . 
  manual coffee methods ( french press is probably easiest , while moka pot will give you a result close to espresso ) will give you superior results if you 're willing to put in a bit of work to make your coffee , and you can get the full setup ( with grinder and milk frother ) for as much money as you 'll pay for the cheapest capsule machine . 
  if you want the convenience of one-button coffee , there are coffeemakers that include grinders in $ 100 - $ 200 range , and bean-to-cup espressos from around $ 450 . 
  despite the upfront cost , you 'll be paying much less per a cup of ( much better ) coffee ... and that adds up over time . 
  besides what everyone else mentioned regarding quality of capsule coffee , remember that - while machines will be rather cheap - capsules themselves are very expensive , and if you drink a lot of coffee that 's gon na get quite costly soon enough . 
  if you 're looking for convenience , you might as well save for a superauto , as they 'll produce better results and allow you to use any coffee beans , so you 'll save in the long run . 
  dolce gusto makes an awesome hot chocolate though . 
  here 's a few differences . 
  * coffee was a luxury rather than commodity , and it would be much more expensive related to someone 's income . 
  coffee at home was rare , and it would typically be drunk only in coffee houses . 
  it was usually prepared quite strong , but in rather small cups . 
  * bean selection was minimal . 
  there was no established world market , and after coffee plants were first smuggled from arabic peninsula , colonial powers established their own plantations that provided almost exclusive supply to the country . 
  * roasting methods and brewing methods differed widely between countries due to non-globalized market , and linguistic and communication barriers which were greater at that time . 
  * in times when arabs were the only exporter of coffee , coffee beans came to europe pre-roasted to ensure they 're not fertile . 
  after that period , you 'd probably get it freshly roasted - in pans , ovens , hand-rotated drums and more . 
  * you 'd always get it freshly ground . 
  usually in a huge wooden mortar and pestle , based on the ancient drawings . 
  * the method of preparation would usually be turkish . 
  in the industrial age they invented various coffee machines and filtration systems . 
  [ pic related . 
  ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/4f/zu_den_blauen_flaschen_painting_c1900.jpg ), 
  the closest thing today would be a cup of turkish coffee from one of the traditional suppliers . 
  it would be a better coffee than some people drink today . 
  even when i bloom in my fp , i still get better results when i agitate . 
  if you can drink folgers from gf 's mr. coffee and it does n't make you sick , then i would suggest :, 
  * try making your ground coffee in gf 's mr. coffee, 
  * try making folgers with your setup and methods, 
  also worth trying :, 
  * clean your grinder, 
  * use a bit coarser grind, 
  * if you got a fine mesh sieve , use it to remove fine particles, 
  * reduce steeping time a bit, 
  [ here 's how i do it . 
  ] ( http://iflcoffee.blogspot.com/2015/01/brewing-pot-of-turkish-coffee.html ), 
  i wrote a lot of the articles on the subject in the last few years , [ this might help ] ( http://www.crolarper.com/search/label/start%20a%20larp ) . 
  also , if you 're running the new met system ( from by nights studios ) , [ storyteller secrets ] ( http://www.crolarper.com/2014/11/minds-eye-theatre-vampire-masquerade.html?q=storyteller+secrets ) has a lot of advice and ideas . 
  i contacted them just yesterday regarding an account issue i 've had . 
  they responded quickly , were * very * polite , solved my issue quickly , and gave me the 15 % discount code on top of that . 
  i was impressed . 
  i do n't like to listen to the music while working out either , but for different reasons - i just ca n't stand the feeling of earbuds or headphones on me while i 'm sweating . 
  i 'm a guy who did yoga ... 
  i 'm not a regular practicioner , but i still do it from time to time . 
  my advice is go to class for a month or so to learn proper form , and ask any questions you might have .
