  i 'm a guy and i do n't want to know what my friends ' dicks look like . 
  ok i know for some ( because of the showers after training ) , but i would never ask for the pic or send one . 
  plus it took the guy a while to come up with it , so he 's clearly lying . 
  i 'm in my 30s and older than most people there but otherwise it 's the same . 
  i 've been repeating that same line to myself as well :d, 
  hang in there bro , we 're gon na make it . 
  90 kn ( $ 13 ) / zagreb , croatia / 4 classes a week ( 1.5 hrs each , 2 are regular classes , 2 are open mats ), 
  it 's a students ' club so it 's cheaper than most other clubs ( which cost 3x as much ) . 
  no contracts , we do n't like them . 
  it would probably help him if he learned how to properly use paragraphs , this wall of text is hard to read . 
  a couple of months ago i made friends with a guy who does aikido . 
  one of the nicest , most pacifistic guys i know . 
  and then i learned that several years ago he used to be a skinhead who got into a lot of street fights . 
  aikido made him a better person . 
  we did some technique exchange and sparring , i got him tapping more often than the other way around , but he did manage to pull a few moves which surprised me . 
  i 'm in a similar situation ( also doing 2x a week ) , and i often plateau for weeks without improving , but then i get a few new details . 
  focus on how you keep improving your own game , and remember that everyone else who trains also keeps improving as well as you do . 
  last week i managed to tap a three-stripe white twice , and that was my first time ever . 
  it will eventually happen . 
  a purple belt is a head instructor of my gym , him and other purples roll like this with us white belts . 
  blues destroy me . 
  plenty of great advice here , and as most people said - diet first . 
  you might wish to check / r/loseit for more details . 
  between cycling and running , i found running more effective for the same time spent . 
  however , i ride my bike nowadays instead of running - not as a workout , it simply gets me to places - to work , to meet with some friends etc. 
  cycling instead of driving gets you a workout in your commute time , and saves some gas money which you can spend on new gis . 
  i do n't drive at all to my gym - it 's 2 km away , i need 25 minutes by foot . 
  i train bjj now , but i lurked here for about a year before i started bjj - at that time i was training a jjj style ( which i still crosstrain ) where i discovered my love for ground fighting , and well one thing led to another . 
  i still lurk in several subs from martial arts i find interesting , but which i never trained in . 
  bjj has some great videos which can show you a lot - but you still need to drill it with a partner , try it out in rolling , and learn how to connect all of it together . 
  your wrestling base will give you a nice headstart . 
  watching the videos will be good . 
  training with a partner , even better . 
  practicing at an open mat , even better . 
  nothing that would really be primarily a weapon , but several items which could be used as such . 
  * few knives - mostly for utility purposes , or cooking, 
  * axe - for chopping up wood, 
  * several japanese-style swords - for display purposes , these are cheap knockoffs so they 're not very useful as a weapon, 
  * bokken and hanbo - for training, 
  i do n't own any firearms , getting them ( legally ) where i live is complicated . 
  in my experience , it was worth it - although i do n't cycle as a workout , i only cycle to get to places so that kills 2 birds with 1 stone . 
  also check out / r/bodyweightfitness /, 
  swords : katanas and long swords . 
  i trained in both so that 's what i 'm most comfortable with . 
  guns : no clue or experience there , sorry . 
  i have an airsoft version of g36 which i think is cool but that 's about it . 
  knives : as a weapon , i probably would n't go for one unless i had no other choice . 
  i like them as tools , and as such different knives would be used for different purposes . 
  i like a no-name folder which i got - low price , portable , and highly usable for the price i paid for it . 
  i did yoga some time ago , nowadays i no longer have time for full classes / routines unless i cut something else . 
  sometimes i still do a couple of stretches which i found very helpful , or a few sun salutations as a nice warmup . 
  i used to lift as well , but i cut that out in favor of more martial arts classes due to time/recovery issues . 
  some weeks i ca n't train though , and i do some bodyweight workouts or kettlebells at home . 
  not the same but for some purposes close enough . 
  i miss bench , squat rack and heavy deadlifts though . 
  so , to recap :, 
  * the bully initiated conflict, 
  * the bully initiated grappling and found himself outgrappled, 
  * got himself stomped, 
  sounds to me like the bully got what he initiated in the first place . 
  from what was written , your friend could probably use some de-escalation skills though . 
  ca n't answer the first part as i 'm not a woman , but regarding the second part - i train bjj , my wife trains mt. 
  i srs love that she does it , we 'll be a great team if we 're ever in trouble . 
  training time does cut into a relationship though . 
  a black belt is a white belt who never gave up . 
  my friend had 5 years of tkd as a kid , he went out of shape later . 
  fell off his bike and landed in a breakfall he has n't been practicing in about a decade . 
  the muscle memory remained . 
  i guess he could do it reasonably ok , but he would n't be near his top shape unless he returned to training . 
  where i train , my bjj instructor does n't care . 
  heck , i train in a judogi with patches from my jjj group , there 's a guy training in his aikido gi , a guy who wears only gi jacket , a girl training in her old taekwondo dobok , and half a dozen guys who have n't ( yet ) bothered buying a gi . 
  but it would seem that this rule is not universal , so while you should be fine it would be best to check with each gym . 
  same regarding payments . 
  i get between more legs than i used to . 
  kata gatame / side triangle choke from my jjj class . 
  perhaps it will be a part of my bjj curriculum at some point , but so far i caught a few other whitebelts by surprise . 
  the guy in aikido gi has basically a normal judogi ( just with aikido patches ) , he does n't wear the hakama . 
  tkd dobok has a little bit more issues , as it 's lighter and will probably rip at some point , but other than that the girl wearing it is very light and it has kept whole so far . 
  grips are the same either way . 
  our group is rather chill , but i can see why this could be an issue in some places . 
  every time i was taught disarm techniques ( for either guns or knives ) i was told that they 're basically a last resort thing . 
  if you ca n't de-escalate , give them your wallet or run , you might as well try them rather than just getting stabbed . 
  if you can see the knife . 
  which in most cases you wo n't . 
  knife is not for fighting , it 's for murdering . 
  in most cases you get stabbed from the side or back when you do n't see it coming . 
  still , it 's better to know the techniques than not know them , as long as you understand you 're basically already in deep trouble if you have to attempt using them , because you 'd only try it when your survival chances are very low to start with . 
  you mean like k1 or sanda ? 
  i 'd watch it , 
  so , did you measure your speed if you 're drunk , tired , and in the arms of a partner ? 
  also ... why do you feel you need this ? 
  i 'd personally love to do it in the mornings . 
  sadly , my area does n't have morning classes of ... anything . 
  my evenings are already busy with training , family and social life . 
  you must seek the temple of k'un l'un to continue your training . 
  i found some forms in the videos and repeated them , but i would n't go as far as to say i `` learned '' them . 
  i 'd love to get some legit instructions though . 
  all good advice . 
   are you saying you 're still going to train for a while after all this ? 
  i already paid for this month 's training ...
