  do n't worry about your metabolism slowing ( unless you get to underweight bmi ; protip : do n't ) . 
  what you eat in your day is n't that important as much as what you eat in a week as a whole . 
  one or two days high or low on calories do n't really matter as long as your weekly count ( in total ) is fine . 
  actual width of my shoulders did n't really shrink , but my circumference did and it was easier to fit into smaller clothes . 
  went from xl to m at the time , but i lost 60 lbs for that ( gained some back , going down again ) . 
   i 'm looking to build a reasonable level of strength and get rid of some fat . 
  due to my age , this gives me several questions - how do i go about strength training at my age ? 
  can it stunt my growth ? 
  how do i go about formulating a plan ? 
  i have to tell you this is awesome . 
  so young and you 're worried about your health - and on top of that you 're asking all the right questions . 
  at 13 you should have no issues with training . 
  first of all , how much control do you have over what you eat or train ? 
  going to gym would be awesome , but a lot of gyms do n't allow members under the age of 16 . 
  many do , however . 
  will that be ok with your parents as well ? 
  if not , perhaps it might be easier for them to sign you up for some classes . 
  ballet is awesome for strength development . 
  some martial arts are great as well - check out judo or brasilian jiu-jitsu . 
  there 's also a great workout program you can do at home - check out / r/bodyweightfitness, 
  there 's plenty of quality workouts you can still do . 
  pullups , dips and reverse crunches are awesome . 
  if you 've got ( or can improvise ) some weights , you can do chest and seated shoulder presses , flyes , reverse flyes , skullcrushers , triceps extensions , biceps curls etc. 
   being broke , i ca n't really afford a gym membership until school starts back up in the fall . 
  working out at home or running works , and it 's basically free . 
   my diet sucks from for a lot of reasons , biggest of which is my s.o. 
  and her cooking/diet choices directly affect mine . 
  being too lazy to prep my own meals attributes to me eating whatever she cooks or brings home from whatever fast food joint she frequents sometimes . 
  i also have no idea where to start diet-wise . 
  you can still lose weight . 
  the most important dietary choice in that case is simple : less . 
  eat less . 
  smaller portions . 
  or leave some on your plate . 
  avoid snacks and any drink which is not water . 
  all of it really . 
  i practice kenjutsu , and i had an opportunity to spar / compare some techniques with a friend who does hema longsword . 
  a lot of the guards , cuts and footwork is either the same or similar enough to not require too much adjustment . 
  with katanas you can use a large repertoire of 1 handed techniques which are not practical to use with longsword , which is longer . 
  there 's a lot of longsword techniques which make a great use of binding , which is not something i 've seen in any japanese style ( and it would n't be as practical with katana because of its ' construction ) . 
  footwork and basic cuts are always applicable ( even though they can differ between styles in details of how they 're taught ) . 
  shorter sword was typically used with a shield , so it 's harder to compare . 
  of course , this was just referring to the physical capability in a highly theoretical match . 
  you wo n't be able to do nice kendo/kenjutsu/fencing / hema with no training in that particular discipline . 
  plenty of skills will transfer , but others will not and require you to learn new habits . 
  ne krivicom po\u0161te ni dr\u017eave , nego time kako drugi rade . 
  it feels much better today . 
  i 'll be on the mats this evening :d, 
  hmm . 
  do your toes toughen up over time , or do you just learn to avoid things that led them to getting broken before ? 
  this happened at a festival a month ago . 
  it was late in the night and i was getting back to my tent . 
  i saw my friend talking to some guy i did n't know , turns out it was an old friend of his . 
  so we start joking , etc. , all 3 of us quite drunk . 
  suddenly the guy jumps on me and takes me down into side control . 
  it totally took me and my friend by surprise , because there was zero escalation or suspicious behavior - the guy was not really violent , just playful and drunk . 
  as he got me down , he said `` ha !, 
  i win ! '' . 
  to which i replied : `` no , you do n't '' , and proceed to escape his side control , take his back , hook him , do the rnc and tell him : `` i win . 
  finish the job once you start it '' . 
  i let him go after that . 
  he ( and our common friend ) got super aplogetical after that . 
  but in fact , i liked the random , unexpected round of rolling . 
  not quite a street fight , just random response to a drunken person taking me down because it seemed fun to him at the moment . 
  i do n't have much training and my strength could be better , but he was completely untrained and did n't know how to defend . 
  i 'm in a nogi school which advertises itself as a `` grappling '' school , not a bjj school , although bjj nogi tournaments are what people from the school compete in . 
  two days a week we do a lot of throws and takedowns , as well as wrestling - since we 're in europe , we put more emphasis on greco-roman style throws than leg takedowns ( greco is way more popular around here than freestyle ) . 
  in these classes , when we roll , we almost always start from the standup position . 
  however , one day of the week we have an open mat together with our club 's regular bjj gi section , and that 's when we roll in a regular manner ( i always bring a gi for that day ) . 
  they do n't do that much takedowns . 
  they have a free trial training training , i 'll be taking him on that to see how he likes it . 
  this sounds great , thanks !, 
  i have another martial art which i train in , but it 's on the same days as bjj , in the same club - after my bjj training ( 3x a week , tuesdays , thursdays and saturdays ) . 
  so i just kinda stay over , and some of the training crosses over ( extra conditioning helps as well ) . 
  i also cycle to work instead of driving , takes me slightly longer but it 's basically free exercise doing something which i would usually do ( commute to work ) . 
  i guess the others had already addressed the depression / shyness issues way better than i can . 
  i just want to say i wish i had 6 am classes in my city . 
  i 'd certainly be there for some extra mat time . 
  also , making friends in any martial arts school takes time . 
  in a few months , once other people realize you 're sticking with the school ( and not just testing the waters ) , they 'll start warming up and being more likely to invest in the friendship . 
  had the same happen to me a few weeks ago . 
  we were drilling a lot of chokes that day , and the next day i awoke with a sore throat . 
  it was bad for like 3 days , took about a week to heal completely . 
  at the competition levels , this is mostly true . 
  but then again , most competitors i know cross-train wrestling or judo to get a better stand-up game ( and more training time ) , because we do n't spend a lot of time training it in our bjj club . 
  then again , local nogi tournaments in my area are usually called `` grappling '' tournaments . 
  there was one last weekend , and the winner was a guy who was primarily a wrestler . 
  second place was a guy who was primarily a bjj player . 
  both of them do a * lot * of crosstraining though . 
  mma , youtube and internet have improved the quality of martial arts by a lot . 
  basically , everything that works is out there and there are tutorials on everything . 
  of course , you still need competent instructors and good training partners to correct you and to practice with . 
  but you can see and learn new tricks , check videos by other teachers , masters etc. 
  without the typical `` train for 10 years until i show you the secret deadly technique '' money-making bs . 
  it 's a free market out there now - everything is out in the plain view , and quacks are having a more difficult time than ever selling stuff that does n't work . 
  in my opinion , respect is earned , not assumed . 
  i wo n't respect schools with zero fighting capabilities or other practical skills ( at least breakfalls , if nothing else ) . 
  my respect would increase with pracicality , openness etc. 
  of the particular gym . 
  i just learned that a few months ago .
