  it works well for us . 
  where are you from ? 
  there 's some really awesome larps in montreal area . 
  toronto also has some larps i believe but i do n't know anyone there ... 
  i have some contacts who larp in winnipeg and edmonton . 
  as i said , probably not as long as it was a paying gig , as i 'd expect any regular movie to be , and if we had the time to do it sure - why not ? 
  money is money , and if not larpers they 'd get someone else instead for the role ( e.g. 
  re-enactors or just regular extras in a costume ) . 
  at least this way we can offer some advice that would perhaps get the more realistic end result ( even if it 's just a bit ) , and the money would go in our pockets . 
  we have our own bills to pay and families to feed . 
  if someone wanted to film us without paying us - such as by making a dicumentary about what we do - people would do it if they could negotiate the message a project is sending to something that 's acceptable to both sides . 
  because eventual free promo would be all that we got in such a case . 
  it works remarkably well for larger battles . 
  the same system is basically used on conquest of mythodea . 
  the largest battle i fought in it was with 1200 participants on my side and at least three times that much on the opposing side . 
  line combat takes a long time . 
  in small skirmishes - such as being hit from the back - it 's not an issue . 
  it 's not a system with loads of hp - someone with , say , 4 hp and 10 armor points would be considered reasonably tough . 
  getting hit from the back means you 'll probably assume 1 , but also turn around and perhaps give a delayed response if the hit you received was bigger than you believed . 
  acting out hits is good form . 
  i have a calimacil bellator sword which is 124 cm - although calimacil is technically not latex , but they ship pretty much anywhere and they are almost indestructible . 
  heya  i wrote a huge series about starting a new larp , but it seems to me you 're quite far in your process . 
  still , you might find the last article ( http://www.crolarper.com/2014/03/start-larp-9-trends.html ) informative . 
  anyway , there 's a lot of different design choices you can make - they will determine what sort of event you 'll have and what sort of people will it attract . 
  there are vastly different larps around , and what is problematic in some is essential in others . 
  and vice versa . 
  some relatively general advice :, 
  - be clear and upfront about your goals , how you plan to achieve them , and what do you require of players, 
  - write a setting which is limited and restricted - to allow for a few ideas to develop in a strong and unique manner . 
  limited worlds typically get people to choose sides , side with them and make for more powerful stories than `` everything goes '' worlds , with an equivalent of every fantasy trope . 
  ( on another positive side , they 're easier to write too ), 
  - how will the in-character leadership be run ? 
  will it be a npc or a player function ? 
  - getting players involved to become co-creators ( and not just consumners ) of the content is awesome - it makes them happier and more invested in larp , and saves you time and effort ( and accusations of railroading ), 
  - treat your players with respect, 
  which larp ? 
  vlarp and bukulja are both on the same date , 
  i 'd love to come this year but i 'm expecting a baby that weekend ... so maybe next year or so :d, 
  yup , it was supposed to be some 2 weeks later but seems doctors might need to rush it up . 
  thanks !, 
  neither combat nor magic are necessary components of a larp . 
  how much is role-playing important to you ? 
  if the answer is not much , you might want to look in dagorhir or belegarth . 
  if you still believe it to be `` too light '' , you can try sca . 
  you look like a proper sacrifice for the copper avatar . 
  ok , now seriously ... perhaps your cape is a bit too light - which material is it ? 
  and your vest - if you can get it in the same material as your gloves , that would be awesome . 
  otherwise , it 's a nice basic kit - time to add some accessories , 
  nice clasps , pouches , jewelry , the hat you mentioned etc. 
  in general , little details . 
  however , there 's a large shopping alley in town on drachenfest so you 'll be able to find nice items there as well . 
  i 'm from croatia , so for the germans i 'm quite the southener , 
  the weather can be crazy on drachenfest . 
  it can be very hot , and it can also get surprise thunderstorms . 
  i have been in copper camp . 
  i have fought blue in battle , as blue is one of the archenemies of copper . 
  and i have some friends who played in blue . 
  let me know what you need . 
  blue was the biggest camp last year , because they won drachenfest in 2012 so 2013 was the year of the blue dragon . 
  2014 will be year of the black dragon . 
  for reference , my experiences :, 
  but if you really want to get in contact with players , i recommend the drachenfest forum : http://www.drachenfest.info/forum/, 
  keep it up , 
  drachenfest might have different values for what is considered good in fight . 
  over there , a good fighter is not necessarily the one who wins a lot of fights , but the one who makes fighting him fun and enjoyable . 
  i faced many blue camp members in battle , but i 'm not sure if i faced tercios . 
  there were several hundred different people there . 
  i faced both good fighters who made the fight more entertaining and a few people who would ignore blows . 
  blue has some cool props and decor , and the camp is well positioned ( on the smaller meadow , next to the city ) . 
  there 's the tavern , towers , a couple of cannons for siege weapons etc. 
  looks great from the outside , and very specific . 
  however , from the organization inside the camp , i got the feeling several other camps are much more united thematically . 
  but in a way that makes sense for the blue philosophy . 
  i heard that there were some plans to split the blue camp into two ( still connected ) camps , i do n't know if that 's the trouble you 're referring to . 
  in my 2 years of drachenfest , i have n't found the thieves ' guild nor have i seen any visible signs of them . 
  but to be honest , i was n't really trying to . 
  i trained a bit with the fighters ' guild , but my own camp ( copper ) has the internal caste structure that does similar stuff as the general guild structure . 
  my friend who was playing a shady character managed to find them last year , i think . 
  so it 's probably doable if you really set your mind to it . 
  also , following people in black and with 100 weapons does n't really help , as you see about 20 of them when you look in every direction . 
  drachenfest can be crowded , especially in the city . 
  braies are awesome , i have a pair to - and hose to go with it . 
  my hose are quite comfortable though - however , i have linen ones . 
  i would imagine that those made of heavy wool cloth would be less comfortable . 
  i wrote a very detailed article , hopefully you 'll find it of use , 
  there 's no such thing that would be universally called good or bad larping and leadership simply due to weapons policy - there are larps which use unpadded wooden weapons , and even larps which use blunt metal weapons . 
  there are many larps where you 'd get laughed at for using a boffer because they 've been using latex for decades and boffers remind them of 80s . 
  among all these groups there are both good and bad larps , but they also differ in battle style , required protective gear and what each consider an acceptable risk . 
  i 'd say what 's wrong is your approach ( the organizers not wanting to operate on the same level as regular players ) . 
  as a matter of fact , organizers can set up item standards whatever they like , and it 's on players to either accept the playstyle or not . 
  you can always vote with your feet , and it seems you 're preparing to do that . 
  but this part i do n't understand . 
  how did a large group of you end up on this larp that you do n't seem to like ? 
  it sounds like a group of football players playing basketball on a basketball court and being not satisfied because they wanted to play football instead . 
  not nero specific , but here are some general larping tips which should help you for every larp if you 're just starting out : http://www.crolarper.com/2014/08/these-10-easy-steps-are-all-you-need-to.html, 
  try http://larp.be/ , 
  ... and include feet like socks , which mine do n't do either , 
  linen is for warmer weather . 
  and tight fit was correct because at that time materials were valued far more than labor needed to produce tight fit . 
  i 'm looking forward to making myself some wool hose for colder weather .
