  i was ** so wrong ** . 
  fast forward to today . 
  i 'm now 31 and i 'm in the best shape of my life . 
  [ here 's ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/loseit/comments/3876i3/one_year_in_from_obese_to_normal_svs_nsvs/ ) my post from 8 months ago , with some more details . 
  i have to say , today i 'm the same weight as when i posted it - but i look so different . 
  since that day , i lost about 15 lbs , then started bulking and doing strength training . 
  got 20 lbs . 
  started a slow cut , and lost 5 lbs in a month and a half . 
  nowadays , i got the same amount of muscle definition as i had when i was 10 lbs lower . 
  a lot of things happened . 
  i moved to another place . 
  i got a new job offer and switched jobs . 
  my new neighbors and coworkers never knew me as fat . 
  indeed , now i 'm one of the fittest people in these environments . 
  something i never thought i 'll be . 
  something i still hardly see myself as . 
  i eat around 2.5-3k cal nowadays , and in a week i usually get this amount of workout :, 
  * 5 hrs light cycling ( this is my commute to work , i ditched driving and public transport ), 
  * 5 hrs walking ( to gym , and during lunch break etc ), 
  * 7-9 hrs martial arts ( mostly on weekends ), 
  * 2-3 hrs gym ( after martial arts , in the same building so no extra commute ), 
  * 3 hrs light yoga ( at home , with wife ), 
  * about 500 pushups ( [ 100pushups ] ( http://www.100pushups.com/ ) challenge ), 
  i realized that the type of exercise which works for me the best is one with clear goals . 
  more weight , more reps , working towards the next belt etc. , if it 's measurable it works well for me because it gives me more goals , more small improvements and achievements than just a number on the scale . 
  the other exercise which suits me well is cycling or walking , since in my location i can do it instead of driving and i get to places in about the same time , making it free workout time for me . 
  i could n't do it living in my old place since that was too remote to cycle or walk anywhere . 
  also , when i was bigger i found workout torturous - nowadays i find it fun . 
  this is just one of the many changes that happened to me . 
  i became a morning person . 
  my mood is better . 
  i 'm calmer and more balanced ( although i did have a period during my weight loss when my hormones went wild , felt like second puberty ) . 
  i can do stuff i never thought i could , stuff i was jealous of others being able to do 10 or 15 years ago . 
  i 'm living a life i never thought i could have . 
  in many ways i can thank loseit , fitness and several other subreddits for that . 
  so for everyone reading this and wondering if it 's worth it ... heck yeah . 
  everything gets better , it 's not just some number on the scale . 
  you can do so much more , better than you thought possible . 
  if i knew it , i would 've done it long time ago . 
  so keep losing . 
  it 's worth it . 
  i cut some weight recently , and noticed my rear delts are very undeveloped compared to my front and mid delts . 
  after my regular workout ( martial arts + stronglifts ) i tried to do rear delt flys with dumbbells , but the biggest weight i managed with decent form were 5 kg ones , quite embarrasing . 
  my gym is mostly barbells + dumbbells . 
  any advice ? 
  i train in a club which offers multiple martial arts and combat sports . 
  it 's a cheap club ( for students and alumni ) , but a lot of the teachers are highly ranked and well regarded in their respective sports . 
  the club also has a small on-site gym ( mainly consisting of barbells ) available for use to all members . 
  i signed up mainly because it 's actually cheaper than any other local gym , martial arts were just a bonus for me in the start but after a few months i realized that i actually like them and they became the main reason why i train , 
  i 'm currently taking a class which is the sensei 's own mix of kempo , karate and japanese jujutsu . 
  and one day of the week is also swords day , so we also have kenjutsu . 
  the techniques are nice and our teacher is knowledgeable and well respected - however , we almost never train against resisting opponents . 
  we sometimes roll bjj style , but we do that so rarely that in 3 months together we do it maybe as much as on 1 bjj class . 
  we mainly practice falls , rolls , strikes , throws , armlocks and chokes in ippon kumite versus compliant opponents . 
  while i really like the stuff we 're learning , i miss being able to practice against resisting opponents . 
  here are my options :, 
  1 ) add a grappling class on top of what i already go to . 
  these guys are being trained by one of the top local mma fighters . 
  the class teaches nogi bjj techniques , combined with some wrestling and sambo work . 
  i 've seen them and these guys train hard and most of their practice is sparring . 
  however , grappling is immediately after my class . 
  this is the time slot when i usually lift . 
  i 'd either have to give up lifting completely , or find a new time to do it - i 'd either have to arrive early and do lifting before two classes , or sign up at a new gym ... 
  i 'm not sure i like the latter idea due to money , but maybe arriving early is doable . 
  would my performance/recovery suffer if i lift and then do 2 classes ? 
  2 ) add bjj . 
  it 's one of the best clubs in the country . 
  however , this would make me train 6 days a week , and that might complicate my family life severely , and i 'm not sure about my performance/recovery either . 
  3 ) quit my current class and replace it with another class . 
  apart from grappling and bjj i already mentioned , other available sports/arts that i could go to are : muay thai ( led by former super heavyweight national champion ) , boxing ( also top of the line guys running it ) and wing chun / tsun / something ( i think the guys running it are ebmas lineage , i 'm not sure whether they spar or not ) . 
  4 ) just give it some more time with my art ( i 've trained for only 6 months so far ) and schedule , and ask myself this question in a year or two ... or is that a sunk cost fallacy ? 
  thanks in advance for your advice and opinions . 
  * edit - update : i signed up for a grappling class last evening , after my kempo class . 
  it 's mainly nogi bjj with some wrestling stuff in it . 
  there are also open mat days , where people just roll - gi or nogi . 
  it was awesome and i loved it . 
  hey folks  new guy here . 
  i have very limited martial arts experience - i 've trained for about 6 months in a jjj system which was mostly partner drills , we would actually roll maybe once every two months or so . 
  but this is how i discovered i like rolling . 
  so i signed up for a no-gi class in my gym this week ( i ca n't fit gi classes in my schedule , but i will practice in gi at open mat from time to time ) , we got to sparring immediately and well ... the results have been very interesting . 
  in the two training sessions i did i completely failed at performing most of my techniques vs resisting opponents . 
  being able to do one good throw , get myself into guard , and doing the leg squeeze once have been so far the only things which i managed to do in a week of being utterly dominated , armbared , choked and probably other things that i do n't even know how they 're called . 
  at least i got complimented on my falls . 
  i got bruised , lost feeling in my fingers , and found myself on the edge of throwing up a lot of times . 
  and i loved it . 
  it was awesome . 
  now for some newb questions :, 
  * what 's the best way to relax ? 
  i 've been told by several people that i was too tense , cramped , etc. 
  i have zero awareness of how exactly i 'm tensing up ... or how to fix it . 
  if you had a similar issue , how long did it take you to relax ? 
  * i managed not to get gassed when rolling , but found myself lying on the mats between the rounds gasping for oxygen and feeling like throwing up . 
  i thought myself in shape , but during rolling my heart rate goes through the roof and after the round is done i need some time to recover . 
  any tips about that ? 
  * any tips on passing the guard ? 
  in jjj i was taught to elbow the thighs , but my partner just opened up his guard slightly but still held me firmly and tanked through my technique . 
  could n't do anything , tired myself up and ended up armbared in the end . 
  i guess that train more is always the answer , but what are some other easy , noob-friendly techniques that i can try ? 
  especially those which are kinder to my partner ... 
  also , in a few weeks there will be a seminar in my city by roger gracie .
