  i 'm tall and lanky , and strengthwise i 'm probably in the upper half of the class , but this guy is short and absolutely packed with muscles . 
  he could probably bench two of me for reps without breaking a sweat . 
  our rolls tend to go one of two ways : we start and he armbars me , regardless of my defenses ( he just muscles through them ) , or he gives me his back , i dig my hooks in and go for rnc ... and he just squeezes his vise-like legs for a double ankle bar . 
  any tips on what to do would be welcome . 
  so i 'm a member of a club which works mostly with students and offers several different martial arts , combat sports and conditioning programs at a bargain price . 
  i 've been training shorinji kempo for a year , and bjj for 3 months . 
  yesterday i was off work early and did all the stuff i needed to do at home , so i decided to check out their wc classes ( branded as wing tsun ) for a trial lesson . 
  i 've done some research before , and i heard many conflicting opinions about wt offered at my club - from `` their technique is really good '' to `` they do n't teach proper wc '' . 
  apparently , they are from ebmas lineage , although this was not marketed anywhere on club 's website . 
  after arriving a bit early , i got a chance to talk to another student there who explained some things to me about the class . 
  apparently what this group does is cover the basics - movement , strikes , and parts of first form . 
  there 's no grading in our class - our teacher does n't have an official licence to teach ( so he 's not using the ebmas name ) , and he 's basically feeding people who want to do more ( forms , grading , advanced techniques etc. ), 
  to his main ebmas club and his sifu . 
  i found the main club price to be quite baffling - not only that it 's over three times the price of my ( cheap ) club , it 's also about 20 % -35 % more than most other local martial arts clubs ( including krav maga , taekwondo , judo , bjj , mma , muay thai etc ) , and apparently some other wc schools are even more expensive ... 
  there were only 3 of us in the class + teacher , and from what i heard these numbers are quite typical . 
  it 's probably the smallest group in our club . 
  the good news is , i got plenty of personal attention from the teacher , and he seems to be a cool guy . 
  the class was 1h 30m , and here 's a breakdown of what we did :, 
  * warm up by taking a feet apart stance and chainpunching - air at first , and then in the teacher 's focuser glove, 
  * footwork with chainpunching - basic guard , moving forward with the same leg at front , moving forward and switching legs , moving forward and to the side of the opponent while chainpunching - first at air , and then at the focuser glove, 
  * compliant partner drills , where we also did two blocks - one is like a straight punch but with open palm , the other is a downward strike - do n't remember the chinese names for that . 
  while doing that we did some `` iron shirt '' training , which consisted of us punching each other in chest and stomach in order to toughen up . 
  i was explained the concept of centerline in that part . 
  * last 25 minutes was strength & conditioning - a ton of pushups , v-sits , and standing in the horse stance, 
  i 'm curious how does this compare to the typical training in your schools , or your first experience ? 
  i asked about the sparring , they do n't do sparring , but they do lat sau and chi sau ( i did remember these names  ) , although this was not done on that single class i did . 
  i got complimented about being a fast learner ( probably because of my previous training ) , but some stuff i found confusing and hard to get a hang on ( also probably because of my previous training ) , like the stance and keeping weight on last leg , keeping my shoulders down while doing the techniques ... 
  overall , i 'm glad i did that training , and i did like some defences and techniques that we did , as well as the overall in-your-face aggressiveness of the style . 
  i will not join wc at this moment , but i am considering it for the future when my schedule changes ( which is bound to happen ) , and i 'm curious to hear your opinions on whether the class in my club is worth it ( at least for a while ... considering the price ) , or should i start somewhere else ? 
  thanks . 
  hello , i 'm planning to start a new game and i 'm a bit nervous about it ... 
  i 'm gon na be the st. 
  i have zero world of darkness tabletop experience - although i did run and play several larps with bns rules , and i 've got plenty of d&d experience both as a player and dm . 
  another of our players is also in a similar position as me - larp experience only regarding world of darkness . 
  two players will be completely new to anything wod-ish . 
  we have decided on running a vtr ( 2nd ed ) game , since from what we know about it it seems that it can offer us the quickest way to start , simpler mechanics , and requires less studying and adjustment on part of our new players ... 
  so here 's a few questions :, 
  * i do n't currently own the rulebook ( i have pdf versions of 1st ed nwod and promethean , as well as all the quickstarts including reap the whirlwind , which i 'll base the start of my chronicle around ... ) , so i 'm wondering which version to get . 
  is the pdf version enough ( i can run it on laptop and phone ) , or is it worth investing in the printed version ? 
  in case i get a printed version , is it worth investing in a `` premium '' one ? 
  i 'm mostly interested in the practicality , i do n't know how often you usually look stuff up during play ... and i do n't know how good dtrpg hardcovers are ( i have a softcover bns rules which i 'm satisfied with ) . 
  * dice . 
  how many d10s do you usually need ? 
  i currently got 4 from my d&d dice bag . 
  should i buy more for smoother play ? 
  * condition cards . 
  how needed / helpful are they ? 
  * are there any helpful android apps which can assist in running or playing the game ? 
  * any further advice for the new storyteller ( or new players ) ? 
  thanks !, 
  * edit : * now i 'm also wondering about covenants , and how they work together if the coterie has more than one covenant ... 
  so i was wondering if i should :, 
  * heavily suggest players to all play a single covenant, 
  * start them off as different covenants, 
  * start them off as unaligned ( expected to join their sires ' covenants , but make their choice and joining a part of the game ), 
  what are your experiences regarding that ? 
  i 'm currently planning on writing ( and releasing for free under an open licence ) a relatively generic set of documents , templates and tools that would help organizers / gms write and run their own larps , especially those new to the job . 
  i 'd like to ask you on your input - what would you like to see included ? 
  let 's brainstorm this , 
  i got a gift from a friend of mine , it was a three-piece [ sword set ] ( http://imgur.com/u2pmm6c ) in shirasaya previously owned by his father who trained some karate . 
  friend was cleaning out his house , and decided to give me the swords as he knew i 'm training kenjutsu . 
  upon inspection i came to believe these are non-functional display pieces only , but i 'd like to confirm that here . 
  the [ blades ] ( http://imgur.com/5a0x5cl ) are quite dull , but they have [ marks ] ( http://imgur.com/guzqkmn ) since they 've obviously been used for some cutting without the previous user suffering an accident . 
  they 're also well-oiled . 
  the [ handle ] ( http://imgur.com/ys5fvpb ) seems very light , and i 'm not quite confident that there 's a full tang in . 
  here 's a [ photo of habaki ] ( http://imgur.com/sxxn5oa ) as well . 
  i 'm not knowledgeable enough to determine the type of steel , or if this hamon is original or fake . 
  i displayed tanto , but other swords are the same . 
  your thoughts ? 
  hello ,, 
  i 'm co-running a sabbat larp game , and in it i 'm playing in an orthodox pack . 
  i 'm looking for some inspiration on improving the religious side of our rp . 
  so far we were mostly winging it and doing a rather good job out of it , but i 'd like to improve it even more by developing a proper theology ( more detailed than just in book of nod / erciyes fragments ) , improve the performance of ritae etc. , to improve the believability of our act as religious fanatics . 
  so i 'm looking for other resources - official or fanmade - that would help us with that , and ideas on props , sermons , rites , evangelization etc. 
  since this is a larp , we have to act it all , 
  thanks . 
  so after over a year of bike commuting i finally decided to get myself a helmet . 
  it 's not that i overly believe in its ' protective qualities , considering the discussion and the fact that i use my mainly upright bike for low-speed commute , and on top of that i 'm quite confident in my breakfall skills from martial arts which have previously saved me from injury ( good stuff , i highly recommend learning some of those skills ) . 
  what did eventually get me to buy a helmet was simply visibility . 
  at this time of year it 's dark when i return home , and one of the road stretches i use now is very badly lit , and shared with cars which tend to go quite fast . 
  anyway , i got a b'twin 500 bike helmet in safety orange color . 
  it has reflective strips on back , and additionally i also got myself a new set of lights for my bike and mounted my old lights ( front and rear ) on the helmet , the setup is visible [ here ] ( https://scontent-frt3-1.cdninstagram.com/t51.2885-15/e35/15034739_1184341898310009_1258959213443416064_n.jpg ) . 
  i feel quite more visible with this setup , and the helmet-mounted light allows me to see road way better than with bike-mounted light only , as the light is pointing wherever i 'm looking . 
  used it a few times , i find helmet to be light and not much of a bother . 
  would recommend for everyone in a similar situation . 
  my commute is 7 km each way , about half of it slow due to traffic conditions and a multitude of traffic lights , and half of it fast due to semi-decent bike lanes , and i cycle about 300 km a month . 
  my cycling costs for the first year were about $ 500 . 
  this is approximately the amount the use of public traffic in my city would cost me , if i paid month-to-month - though my commute would take about 10-15 min more each way than cycling . 
  however , this amount included the purchase of the following :, 
  * the bike itself ( about $ 230 ), 
  * helmet , bell , cable lock , u-lock , two sets of lights , floor pump + emergency pump , maintenance tools + lubes, 
  * 4 inner tubes ( yeah , i was stupid and blew a few because i neglected to keep my pressure high ) , 1 tire , 1 new chain , 2 sets of brake pads ( the new ones i took are way better quality ), 
  * few visits to the shop , including some other repair items ( 1 set of new bearings , some parts to fix a broken brake cable ) . 
  * clothing items - 2 cycling jerseys , 2 sets of gloves , 1 thin balaclava , rain poncho , rain pants, 
  most of the non-essential items are budget choices from lidl and decathlon , that is true ... but now i have plenty of stuff to use for my cycling and other activities , compared to zero i would had if i used public transport for the year . 
  on top of that , there 's the health benefit of cycling every day , and the fact i learned to do some basic maintenance in the meantime . 
  if i used the car instead ( which is typically 5-10 min faster than a bike on my commute , depending on traffic ) , i would spend about $ 300 extra on fuel only ( european prices ... + extra maintenance costs due to extra wear and tear , + depreciacion due to increased distance traveled , let 's assume that realistically the costs were about $ 400 ) . 
  overall , i value the extra tools , gear , extra clothes , what i learned in this year , health benefits and enjoyment from being outdoors instead of stuck in traffic in this year more than $ 100 price difference . 
  based on these figures , i think it 's safe to proclaim that investing in my bike had paid off in a year . 
  since most of these costs were frontloaded , i do n't foresee i 'll be spending nearly that much money in the next year ( probably like a quarter of that amount ) .
