  it is literally impossible for you not to lose weight if you 're really consuming 1400 calories - you 'd need to be 70 years old , immobile and 50 kg to maintain weight at that caloric intake . 
  if you were truly eating 1400 calories a day , you should be losing 1 kg/week . 
  do you weigh your food ? 
  do you account for any sauces ? 
  soda ? 
  snacks ? 
  ice cream ? 
  how are the chicken and rice prepared ? 
  is `` a cup of rice '' a cup when it 's cooked or raw ( cooked is just over 200 calories , a raw cup is almost 700 calories because when cooked it 's several cups in volume ) ? 
  diet is about 80 % of the weight loss . 
  i also thought i was eating normally until i started weighing my food . 
  i lost a lot now because i started eating less ... my life previously was littered with several failed weight loss attempts , in many of them i would work out too hard and then undo my hard work in kitchen . 
  please be smarter than i was , 
  i 've had the same  thanks , and congratulations to you as well , 
  awesome results !, 
  great job , 
  for how long have you been doing that ? 
  this is ok as long as you do n't do it for a long time . 
  biology has evolved us to be perfectly able to deal with lack of food for some time , and througout the centuries people have successfully been going on fasts , for religious reasons . 
  however , this much restriction is not sustainable . 
  do n't do it for longer than a week or so , otherwise you might damage your body . 
  1000 kcal under tdee is a sustainable long-term deficit that wo n't damage your muscles . 
  i noted this from your original post :, 
   i 've also decided to give up snacks, 
  when did you do that ? 
  for how long have you been eating like this ? 
  if it 's only been a week , it 's possible that it 's still too early for some visible results . 
  regarding workouts , you mentioned 5 km ... check out `` couch to 5k '' program ( also / r/c25k ) , it changed me from barely being able to run to doing 5 km runs regularly . 
  remember : eat less for weight loss , train for performance and achieving a body shape . 
  and be prepared for a long journey ... 
  factor it in your calories . 
  i ate pizza , donut and burgers and still lost 2 lbs a week . 
  that stuff wo n't simply make you fat just because you ate it - it usually makes people fat because it 's not very nutritious , but there 's a lot of calories there that you do n't realize you 're eating . 
  the good news is , once you get used to eating less you 'll get used to eating less of the junk food . 
  you 'll then be satisfied with smaller portions . 
  i used to go to mcdonalds , and buy a big mac ( 530 calories ) , mcdouble ( 380 calories ) , large fries ( 510 calories ) , large coke ( 280 calories ) , and a mcflurry ( 650 calories ) as a dessert . 
  i used to think this was a normal meal , but this was my daily maintenance level of calories ( 2340 ) in one meal , and of course i ate other stuff too during the day . 
  no wonder i gained fat . 
  nowadays , i still go there from time to time but i just get a hamburger which is 240 calories . 
  only 10 % of what i used to eat !, 
  sometimes i splurge for the vanilla cone ( 170 calories ) . 
  it 's 1/3 to 1/4 of what i eat in the day ( since i 'm still on a cut ) , and it makes me full now - it 's amazing how quickly your stomach shrinks . 
  i ate once the quantity like before and it made me sick for the rest of the day . 
  awareness of calories is crucial . 
  i find it helpful to set certain performance-oriented goals . 
  what would you like to do ? 
  what sort of person would you enjoy being ? 
  do you see your future self as a lean marathoner or triathloner ? 
  do cardio . 
  do you see yourself as a powerlifter , or being able to move a lot of weight ? 
  check out starting strength or stronglifts 5x5 . 
  aesthetics your primary goal ? 
  do some form of a split routine with both compound movements and isolation . 
  set your goals and go for them . 
  you 'll lose weight as long as you eat under maintenance , but your training will decide your performance and ( partially ) body shape you 'll end up with . 
  i agree , food is fuel . 
  i enjoy it when it 's tasty ( although what i consider tasty changed considerably ) , but i build my day around my job , family and friends . 
  do the sort of workout that will help you at your job - my suggestion is to lift to strengthen your leg , core and back muscles , this should help you support your weight better and in the long run make you less exhausted . 
  i 'd cut the circuit training , it can exhaust you a lot + you already lift and do cardio . 
  also try to get more sleep . 
  in my personal experience , a calorie was a calorie . 
  whether it 's 1000 calories of healthy food or junk made no difference in me getting heavier or lighter . 
  but . 
  1000 calories of healthy food are much more satisfying , and kept me sated for longer . 
  1000 calories of healthy food will , in most cases , be more food by volume than 1000 calories of junk . 
  i can eat a huge 450 cal salad and be sated for half a day , or i can eat a big mac and still be hungry despite the fact i ate 530 calories . 
  tl ; dr : i find it easier to maintain low calories when i eat healthy food , and it makes me feel better . 
  and they give you a nice big warning . 
  yeah , that happens . 
  for weight loss , calorie restriction is king . 
  it 's 80 % of the job . 
  having said that , i 've done c25k and i was very satisfied with it . 
  but my goal is to run , and c25k did that well . 
  eat less to lose weight , but train for what you want to achieve . 
  the best way to get better at playing tennis is by playing tennis a lot - you will magically get better at it as your weight melts due to eating less than you spend . 
  of course , if you got time for additional training , that would be welcome . 
  maybe ask on / r/tennis regarding what will work best in combination with tennis training . 
  the secret is not about what to eat ... it 's about not eating . 
  just eat less - get on mfp , set your goals and do it . 
  working out , while important for fitness , is much less significant for weight loss than a calorie restricted diet . 
  it 's very predictable , and you can lose those 10 lbs in a month . 
  yes , running will help with endurance . 
  but so will the weight loss . 
  every bit of weight you lose will be less weight you 'll have to move for the duration of the entire match . 
  think about how it would feel to play with a backpack full of stuff . 
  you 'd get tired fast . 
  now remove that backpack - you will improve instantly . 
  and do n't forget to rest ... it 's very important for recovery , 
  get a food scale , sign up on myfitnesspal and track everything . 
  2 pounds per week is a safe amount to lose , and you can set it as your goal . 
  be sure you 're logging ** everything ** , including snacks , sauces , drinks etc. 
  sounds to me like you 're addicted to caffeine content in them . 
  what worked for me was black coffee . 
  unsweetened . 
  having any beers on a weekend ? 
  there 's a lot of calories there . 
  if not , remember that weighing in is not always accurate on a week-to-week basis , but should be accurate in medium to long term . 
  try cutting extra 500 calories , see what happens . 
  and weigh yourself daily to keep an eye on fluctuations . 
  you 're missing out ,
