  what 's your environment going to be when you move out ? 
  when i moved , my workout and nutrition changed a lot to accomodate my new lifestyle . 
  perhaps you can start something today - not the same thing that you 'll do after you move , but something to prepare you for it ? 
   e.g. 
  avoid junk food , do some simple exercises etc. , and when you move go fully with your new life - e.g. 
  start going to gym , start preparing healthy food etc. 
  just a suggestion . 
  plenty of : weakness , confusion , chronic diarrhea , irritability , bad decision making , no sex drive , muscle wasting , immune deficiency ... and if you keep it up for a month , you might get hallucinations , convulsions , muscle spasms , irregular heartbeat , and depending on your physical shape and other factors even a rather nasty case of death by starvation . 
  you 're at a reasonable weight by any standards . 
  what are you actually trying to accomplish ? 
  a hunger strike or something ? 
  my advice is , go for some strength training . 
  gym or / r/bodyweightfitness or something else . 
  be sure to get enough protein . 
  this will give you some muscle and rid you of any extra flab you might have . 
  what sort of a total body workout did you do ? 
  if it was a machine circuit , how many sets/reps did you do ? 
  and always remember , diet is the key and will bring you about 80 % of the results, 
  hey  two questions :, 
  * you might be underestimating your calories . 
  do you track everything you eat ? 
  coffee ( non-black ) , soda , beer , snacks that seem tiny etc. 
  can add a shocking amount of calories . 
  * you might be overestimating your exercise burn , if you track it in mfp . 
  do n't trust their numbers . 
  calories in < calories out . 
  how much weight you lose depends on whether you eat less than you burn or not . 
  weights can help you preserve a lot of your current muscle mass as you lose your weight . 
  they can also make you stronger , which is awesome . 
  but you wo n't really build muscles if you 're eating in a deficit . 
  can confirm . 
  also took me about 10 % of my starting weight until people noticed . 
  this is because you cut down on sodium . 
  it made you retain weight . 
  this is the water weight you 're losing , and yes you should drink more especially during the day . 
  it will stop in a few days . 
  are you talking about doing the [ stronglifts program ] ( http://stronglifts.com/5x5/ ) ? 
  it usually takes me about an hour to finish it , due to recovery between sets , setup time , and having to wait for equipment . 
  about an hour and half if i count few assistance lifts i do after + shower , change of clothes etc. 
  if you split it by day , such as squats , ohp , deadlifts , bench , barbell rows i guess you could do 5 sets of 5 reps of one exercise/day in your time slot , but effectiveness will be quite limited compared to doing the actual workout plan as prescribed . 
  get your nutrition in check . 
  check out / r/bodyweightfitness [ recommended routine ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/bodyweightfitness/wiki/kb/recommended_routine ) for at home workouts . 
  possibly add some glute bridges at the end of the workout . 
  doing 100pushups as well , hello , 
  yeah , looks like crossfit under other name . 
  also , some funny stuff in their philosophy . 
   we believe in training , not working out . 
  to us , training is following a structured program that has a specific purpose . 
  stepping into a gym and randomly selecting exercises with no long term goal in mind is working out . 
  we train athletes , not clients . 
  if they train athletes , in which sports or categories are they expected to compete in ? 
  at least crossfit has crossfit games . 
  what exactly is the specific purpose they mention ? 
  sounds like a load of marketing and nothing more . 
  if you want to do crossfit-ey stuff , there are actually high rated crossfit gyms around that area ( yelp is your friend ) , and some of them are way cheaper than this one . 
  there are also tons of gyms which are much cheaper and which will allow you to perform multitude of programs . 
  a lot of them will also have group classes of some kind as well if that 's your thing . 
  all available at the fraction of the price . 
  cardio 's not the main factor here . 
  the tripple whammy combo of lack of strength training combined with eating in deficit * and a lot of cardio * ** does ** negatively impact muscle mass . 
  spending more time on weight training should help combat muscle loss - which will still be there because boyfriend 's eating in deficit . 
  also , it will probably burn less calories so weight loss will be slower , and might be seen as more masculine activity which could work considering the boyfriend in question is trans . 
  i stand by my advice . 
  out of curiosity , what happens if you do n't reach that goal ? 
  you lose some bet ? 
  miss out on some reward ? 
  i mean , there are ways to do it , but they 're neither healthy , safe nor sane ... 
  seconded for [ bwf recommended routine ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/bodyweightfitness/wiki/kb/recommended_routine ) . 
  it 's awesome . 
  you 'll need a pullup bar though , or something to use instead - like a nearby park or a tree branch or something sturdy enough . 
  happy cake day , and do n't forget - diet is more important than exercise . 
  you should be tracking calories . 
  quality of food helps , but in the end it comes down to quantity . 
  if you 're eating healthy food , but a lot of it , you 'll still gain weight . 
  also , it 's not just food . 
  do n't forget that snacks , soda , sauces , coffee ( unless it 's black and sugarless ) etc. 
  can also add significant calories . 
  be sure to count them . 
  if you 're sedentary try add at least some exercise . 
  there are many benefits to it , 
  of course . 
  if you ca n't do a pull-up , perhaps you can do a negative pullup . 
  just put yourself in high pullup position ( using a chair or something ) and then lower yourself down slowly . 
  if that 's too difficult , just skip the first pair as recommended . 
  it 's very scalable . 
  as you click on an exercise you get different versions of the exercise ranging from easy to hard . 
  the idea is to do one that 's just hard enough for you to be in the recommended rep range , and to progress through the variants as you get stronger . 
  is that some sort of a program you pay for ? 
  you 're losing water weight first . 
  there will be fewer bathroom trips in a few days . 
  i lost about 10 lbs . 
  be sure you 're getting enough protein , and remember - you can always build it after . 
  as long as you 're not underweight , i do n't think there 's a lot to worry about . 
  i reached my goal weight , bulked 20 lbs and am now cutting . 
  that stuff works . 
  but damn it takes time . 
  you are losing muscle mass despite your increased strength . 
  large part of the strength is neurological - basically your body is learning how to be better at lifting . 
  c25k wo n't burn a lot of calories . 
  maybe 100-150ish a day , lower if you 're in your first 3 weeks , higher on week 7 + .
