  if you can wait until lvl 3 , you can get invisibility or misty step which could serve for the same purpose of escaping , but they 're also far more versatile for other stuff . 
  you 're also going to be quite painful to chase because of the polearm mastery . 
  darkness is also a decent spell - if you do n't find 1 ac to be too important , you can go for devil 's sight invocation instead of the mage armor one , and drop darkness around you and your enemies . 
  they get disadvantage to attack , you get advantage . 
  i stand corrected regarding er . 
  still , if you think you might be using it a lot it might be a good idea to dip rogue for 2 levels so you get it for free every turn ( along with some skills and expertise ) . 
  maybe even 3 levels for swashbuckler archetype which comes with a slightly more limited version of mobile feat . 
  good thing about hex is the duration . 
  you can keep it up between encounters . 
  darkness will in general require a spell slot for every application and mobs might move out of it . 
  op , this is an awesome idea !, 
  i ca n't afford minis ... or to commission a drawing . 
  just did my character in that way , i suck at gimp but [ here it is ] ( http://imgur.com/wnqbzpc ) . 
  good luck . 
  2 days donation for / r/millionairemakers, 
  i would suggest you start by focusing on the rogue , and go for arcane trickster build . 
  warlocks are very spell slot starved , and these few extra slots and cantrips will mean a lot , plus it will allow you to get find familiar without spending an extra feat . 
  rogue 's cunning action is brilliant . 
  i 'd start as arcane trickster 3 ( with find familiar ) , and level it to 4 for asi . 
  then focus on warlock until lvl 5 for extra attack invocation ( which is what you 're really going for if you go rogue/bladelock ) . 
  then proceed as you wish ( more rogue levels would work well ) . 
  edit : also that darkness + devil sight combo is awesome . 
  going str is still quite worthwhile , especially for barbarians ( whose abilities basically key off str ) , fighters ( who can dump dex and go full plate ) , or any grappler . 
  1d6/1d8 is not a lot of difference , just 1 average damage . 
  and , reduced die rapier would be strictly worse than short sword , which is 1d6 and light so you can dual wield it without a feat . 
  dex builds can not effectively go reach style ( they only have whip for 1d4 which can not benefit from polearm mastery ) , or heavy style with gwm ( though they can get similar bonuses on ranged with sharpshooter ) . 
  in most cases dex will be better for multiclassing to make the character less mad , but str has plenty of uses which ca n't be emulated/replaced with dex . 
  it 's legit , but might be somewhat metagamey if they do this automatically without even seeing you fight - you might want to have a word with dm about that . 
  if they get at least one disengage attempt , it 's perfectly ok to change once they see it fail . 
  that said , even if they do that the other 2/3 of the sentinel feat should be still working for you . 
  also , what archetype of a fighter are you using , and which weapons ? 
  * if you 're a battlemaster , you should have plenty of manuevers to control their movement . 
  * if you 're a polearm fighter , check out the polearm master feat for the nice controlling combo . 
  * if you 're a sword & board fighter , check out the shield master feat and knock them prone , that will cut down their movement speed and give you an advantage . 
  also check out [ basic rules ] ( http://dnd.wizards.com/articles/features/basicrules ) . 
  it has less content compared to srd , but more detailed explanations . 
  if you want to go for 2 weapons , these will either need to be light weapons , or you need dual wielder feat . 
  there are way fewer feats in 5e compared to 3.5 e/pf , but they tend to make a bigger impact - you can take one every 4 class levels ( not character levels ) - or an ability score improvement . 
  the only way to get a feat at lvl 1 is to play a variant human ( from phb ) . 
  for your desired character , the best build probably be variant human fighter with dual wielder feat . 
  alternatively , you can go for the dex-based character with light + finesse weapons , in lighter armor . 
  these work quite well as dual wielders . 
  you get a fighting style at lvl 1 . 
  there are 3 core archetypes - `` champion '' , with a simpler play focusing on damage , `` battlemaster '' with manuevers for tactical play , and `` eldritch knight '' for some spells . 
  assassin has amazing dmg only in the opening round . 
  if you pick invisibility as a warlock spell , you might get it more often . 
  i also recommend lmop . 
  it 's a decent adventure , easy to prepare , very kind to new dms , and it can last you for months . 
  it has several ways to connect to other adventures . 
  skt provides plot hooks and quests for continuing the campaign from lmop . 
  that would actually work great , since regular skt levels 1-5 are sort of sped up and by combining the two you get more of the game . 
  multiple attribute dependent . 
  the more different stats you need to be effective , the more mad you are . 
  discovered it a couple of days ago when another user made a post about painting heroforge screenshots . 
  which was awesome and i got into it , because there 's no way that i 'd be able to justify an expense of an actual custom mini + international shipping ... 
  ... then i ordered 3 . 
  it 's a long waiting list . 
  which system are you playing it in ? 
  praying , paperwork , writing reports , preaching ( possibly with scenes from your adventures as proof of your god 's mercy/power ) , praying , working with the local temple , performing ceremonies ( weddings , funerals etc ) , praying , cleaning the temple , doing dishes and laundry , cooking for the temple and the poor , praying , healing the injured and sick , kneeling , doing rituals of worship ( which include praying ) , blessing people/locations/places , taking an active role in the local community , pursuing some of their own hobbies , and of course a lot of praying . 
  as others have said , monk seems a bit redundant in this build - unless you wo n't be using armor at all , but even then he probably wo n't get much benefits . 
  my suggestion if he wants to do a similar build is to put those extra 4 levels in rogue instead . 
  that would get him uncanny dodge , another expertise , evasion and extra 2d6 on sneak attack . 
  if you think that will be ok for your players , make it more of an intro game , perhaps focus on the social and exploration aspect . 
  if you have a combat planned ... try to make it as short as possible . 
  then split the party into two , and game with them on separate days on parallel quests . 
  you can introduce some rivalry , and make sure that successes ( or failures ) of one group are heard by the other . 
  you may even use the actions of one group to create content for the other - e.g. 
  group 2 deals with the aftermath of group 1 's actions or inactions , and vice versa . 
  i 'd always take first level in fighter . 
  heavy armor , con saves , and 10 + con hp + self healing at start , not bad . 
  if you plan to have more lock levels than fighter levels , there 's good reason to take up to 6 warrior levels . 
  lvl 4 and 6 will give you an asi/feat , and level 5 will give you an extra attack that will free your invocation slot . 
  mainly fighter with 3 lock levels is still very useful - but the blade pact is probably the worst option of the three in that case , you gain very little by taking it ( free weapon resummon only ) . 
  tome + invocation will get you extra cantrips and lvl 1-2 rituals , and chain pact will get you your super familiar . 
  also , apart from the fiend and fey spells - goo pact also has a nice combo ( if your cha is decent ) : dissonant whispers in their face , and opportunity attack them in the back when they start running . 
  if they 're playing at the same time , i 'd seriously consider a second dm to run the other part at that time . 
  i 'm playing that sort of character right now . 
  variant human ( with mobile feat ) monk 6 / rogue 1 ( for skills and sneak attack ) / wizard 1 ( for owl familiar with help action and flyby - morphable to snakes for some poison farming , longstrider , shield and cantrips - minor illusion can set up some attacks ) . 
  my monk is open hand for some extra battlefield control . 
  current speed is 55 , 65 with longstrider , and i can double dash for 165 ft , or 195 with longstrider :d, 
  best races are probably variant human ( take mobile feat ) , wood elf ( extra speed ) , and if your dm allows it and campaign would be heavily outdoor based - aaracockra for that base 50 flight speed . 
  monk would be the best class for base speed increases , step of the wind and extra attack . 
  rogue is a close second because of the cunning action - it does n't cost any resources unlike step of the wind , but there 's also no base speed increase . 
  eagle totem barbarians are also great ( and your best option if you want to have a str build or heavier weapons ) , but only when raging . 
  other barbarians ( +10 speed at lvl 5 ) , fighters ( action surge ) and casters with access to longstrider , expeditious retreat and/or haste are a distant fourth . 
  mobile feat is amazing for any build focused around mobility . 
  +10 base speed , free disengage on any opponent you attacked , and ignore difficult terrain extra movement while dashing . 
  if you decide to go rogue and you can take swashbuckler from ua , it gives you a limited version of mobile feat for free . 
  a bladelock could work well for that type of character , although it only starts working at lvl 3 . 
  eldritch knight could also make that concept possible . 
  wizards are pretty much unmatched in their versatility . 
  they know most spells , which they can prepare for threats they know are coming . 
  they have a familiar to scout , role-play with , or deliver touch spells with . 
  and they 're amazing ritual casters - if you got enough time for a ritual , their toolkit is amazing . 
  they 're also excellent with int skills , which are usually taken less often than cha skills , so a wizard might still have some unique skills that really set it apart from the party . 
  considering phb only , they got a vastly larger number of usable archetypes . 
  sorcerers have only a single really usable archetype in phb , and that one ( draconic ) is more durable than any wizard except abjurer . 
  extra hp , basically permanent mage armor , and a way to gain resistances . 
  plus , you get con save proficiency for much better concentration saves . 
  and free flying at later levels - all of these actually save you spell slots and feat slots .
