  run slowly enough that you can sustain it . 
  now go start w1d1 , 
  great job !, 
  keep it up , 
  i managed to complete it today , but i was surprized by how much more difficult it felt compared to w3 . 
  well , now we know what we 're in for , 
  good luck on your next run !, 
  how about going back to w3 for a week and see how it goes ? 
  w4 is a big step up in difficulty . 
  i use the c25k free from zen labs . 
  works for me , and has a pleasant voice . 
  i had it on android , but my phone had to go for a service so i 'm now using it on ios . 
  works fine on both platforms - although the ads on android seem to be a bit more intrusive , i get a full page ad after the run is finished which i do n't get on ios . 
  tip : you can mark/unmark day as finished by double tapping it . 
  performing better when you eat in surplus = probably . 
  however , i also noticed my performance kept improving while on 1000 cal deficit . 
  maybe these are newb gains , it 's my first round so i do n't know how they would compare with improvements on surplus . 
  i 'm getting shredded faster than i got on focus t25 . 
  but so far it seems it 's the deficit and eating habits that 's getting me shredded rather than any particular workout style . 
  just ... stop . 
  the best way to stop is simply to refuse to drink it or any other soda anymore . 
  drink water , and if you 're in a situation when you are ordering drinks do n't order any cola - order sparkling water , coffee or tea , or bring water with you . 
  you can get your caffeine from tea or coffee instead . 
  if you have good ingredients , these will taste well even if unsweetened ( for those extra low calories ) . 
  there are subreddits dedicated to each too , so you might want to check them out . 
  the first week will suck , but after that your tastes will change and you 'll never want to get back . 
  i drank a liter to two of cola a day for about a decade . 
  after quitting , i lost 5 kg rather fast , and it also vastly reduced the number of my visits to the dentist , 
  you run too fast . 
  long distance running is very different from 100m sprinting . 
  start running slower . 
  no , even slower than that - just barely above walking speed . 
  small steps , lean forward , and do n't do heel strikes . 
  check out couch to 5k and its ' subreddit / r/c25k to get your body used to running long distances . 
  do n't go too much too fast - remember , even if your muscles can do the job , your connective tissue is probably lagging a bit and it needs training too . 
  patience is a key here . 
  once you 're done with couch to 5k , work on increasing your distance . 
  to be honest , almost everything about the movement is very dangerous and damaging . 
  from [ the haes website ] ( http://www.haescommunity.org/ ) , on the first page it says :, 
   let 's face facts . 
  we 've lost the war on obesity . 
  fighting fat has n't made the fat go away . 
  and being thinner , even if we knew how to successfully accomplish it , will not necessarily make us healthier or happier . 
  fighting fat we have made the fat go away . 
  it 's doable . 
  we * know * how to successfully accomplish it - check out the faq of this subreddit . 
  sign up on mfp . 
  it not only works well , it works in a very predictable manner . 
  and healthy weight does make us healthier and happier . 
  furthermore , [ haes uk faq ] ( http://www.healthateverysize.org.uk/faq.html ) discourages weight loss by cherry picking data , shrouds the entire weight loss process in mystery and is actually against it . 
  the big problem with that statement is that we know how weight loss works , and have known so since ancient times . 
  also , according to haes being obese is perfectly fine , while losing weight in order to try and improve your health is not fine . 
  deep down , haes was created to sell books on it - and to retain their customers . 
  unfortunately , some people find it difficult to cope with their weight , and would rather not hear about it so they buy in this haes belief . 
  also , the internet community has taken it to other levels - it 's not really about health at every size . 
  it 's health at obese size - basically a support group , which often excludes both people at healthy weight levels and underweight population . 
  there are other dangerous trends too , like people changing their doctors if they suggest that they should lose weight . 
  if they truly believe they can be healthy at every size , and that obesity is not a problem , they are likely to dismiss medical advice against their health and to take it as an insult instead . 
  and that can be a huge problem . 
  not closely related , but i also used to be a smoker . 
  there are some similarities here , with warped logic and all the denial going on . 
  enough similarities to tell me to stay away from it . 
  same , lol . 
  but it 's because that is something people do n't want to hear . 
  because the folks behind fad diets promote them as both easy and top of the line nutrition science ( and get several celebrities to endorse them ) , it leads people to believe that caloric restriction is pure torture , unhealthy , puts you into a starvation mode , etc. 
  you can market a weight loss product or a supplement - you ca n't really market people eating less of something . 
  `` this is a weight loss cheeseburger . 
  you lose weight if you do n't eat it . '', 
  you would n't do such a thing if you were trying to sell them . 
  sign up for myfitnesspal , enter your stats and your goals . 
  track everything you eat . 
  that is for weight loss . 
  add exercise . 
  that is for fitness . 
  asthma messed me up for years , but you can lose weight despite it . 
  first and foremost , always take your meds and bring your inhaler with you . 
  this is no . 
  the biggest issue is calories . 
  you need to eat less . 
  go to myfitnesspal and track everything you eat . 
  and i mean * everything * . 
  if you have no gym , i would recommend bodyweight exercises . 
  / r/bodyweightfitness can do wonders for you . 
  focus on strength training . 
  running can be the worst experience ever for asthmatics . 
  watch out for pollen , pollution and cold air . 
  but if you go at it properly and build up your endurance slowly and consistently ( check out / r/c25k ) , increased endurance and lung capacity + lowered resting heart rate will be very beneficial for you . 
  be careful when swimming . 
  i could n't swim in pools - chlorine always triggered my asthma - but the sea salt in air and water were an awesome environment to be in . 
  unless algae were blooming . 
  yoga is also nice ( check out doyogawithme ) - especially ( for asthmatics ) the milder forms that focus on breathing exercises and relaxation . 
  i found them very useful . 
  whatever you choose , remember that for weight loss diet does 80 % of the trick . 
  it 's much easier not eating 200 calories than it is to burn them out . 
  however , working out can have amazing other fitness and health benefits for you . 
  that 's a very general question . 
  what are your overall goals ? 
  strength , hypertrophy , weight loss , a bit of each ? 
  how much weight do you have ? 
  you say they 're free weights , are they dumbbells , barbell , kettlebells , sacks of sand or something else ?
