  metamagic can be quite broken - twinned buffs such as haste can twist the usual concentration rules , and you can quicken your big damage spell and throw a cantrip in the same round ( quite powerful if you take 2 levels of warlock as well , with agonizing blast ) . 
  need a spell but you do n't have a spellslot of that level anymore ? 
  play with some sorcery point conversion . 
  cha focus ensures that sorcerers can face , and that it 's quite easy to multiclass them with locks , bards and paladins . 
  i like them both , but for different reasons . 
  sorcerers for quick thinking and flexibility . 
  wizards for preparation and versatility . 
  it 's ... doable , though not really an optimized build . 
  i 'd go monk primary , and take 3 levels in bard ( college of lore ) . 
  do n't go high cha ( 14 will do ) and focus on spells not requiring a saving throw . 
  that will get you 6 spells , access to 2nd level slots , song of rest , jack of all trades , four extra skills + expertise in two , and cutting words . 
  or just go with zero bard levels and entertainer background if these abilities are not that important to you . 
  alternatively , you can instead main bard and dip 1-2 levels into monk for some unarmed fighting . 
  or take tavern brawler feat and reflavor it as kung fu . 
  there would be a lot of twf overlap if you 're fighting hordes who die fast , but not a lot vs a bbeg . 
  two shortswords wo n't work because you 're not proficient with ( non-pact ) shortswords . 
  if your pact weapon is a shortsword , your off hand weapon should probably be dagger . 
  this is only 1d4 damage , without dex bonus ( unless you mced something that gave you a fighting style ) . 
  as a pure single-classed dex bladelock , single rapier ( or whip for range ) are your best choices . 
  if you want to dual wield , my suggestions are :, 
  - dip 1-3 levels in fighter , get dwf style , better armor , some self-healing , action surge , and potentially some cool stuff from battle master or extra slots from ek, 
  - dip 2-3 levels in ranger if you got stats for it , get dwf style , better armor , spell slots , and potentially colossus slayer, 
  - dip 2 levels in monk if you got stats for it , get an offhand attack which does n't require warcaster , extra mobility , and some extra burst potential with flurry of blows + hex . 
  the best workaround is reducing the ability of monsters to do damage . 
  battlemaster , monk , anyone with polearm master feat and almost all casters can do the cc part well , by reducing the abilities of monsters to act . 
  nuking them hard to kill them before they damage you is also an option . 
  potions . 
  short rests that allow you to spend hit dice on . 
  that will work to keep you healed enough most of the time . 
  non-cleric casters can also buff you to increase your offensive and defensive potential . 
  or both - see haste . 
  use potions , perhaps even make them if someone is proficient with herbalism kit . 
  get healer 's kits for when people go down . 
  alternatively , someone can take the healer feat and do some healing with healer 's kits . 
  also , any caster could potentially take a level in bard/cleric/druid to gain access to clw and healing word , and use their regular high level slots to throw boosted versions of it . 
  wizards can take a level in cleric or druid ( if they have 13 wis ) or bard ( 13 cha ) to pick up some healing spells . 
  necro has some spell healing , and can provide some cold extra bodies to take the hits for you , and more . 
  your monk can stun . 
  they 're quite cheap . 
  5gp , 3lbs , 10 uses . 
  as an action you can stabilize a dying creature . 
  it works automatically , no need for a heal check . 
  with the healer feat , stabilized creatures end up on 1 hp ... and you can also use the kit to heal someone for 1d6 +4 + number of their hit dice . 
  works only once per target before short or long rest . 
  overall , tons of healing for not a lot of money . 
  check out / r/unearthedarcana - despite the name , that 's actually a homebrew sub . 
  enjoy . 
  wizard is always a great choice . 
  looking at your party comp sorc could be fun too , especially once you 'll be able to cast twinned haste . 
  i think several important details should be mentioned :, 
  * the comparisons and overlap in general only make sense on a fighter , as they 're the only class who can use both effectively - barbarians can too , but since their abilities are strength based they will tend to go for str options by default . 
  rangers lack gwf style , paladins lack twf stile , so they 're naturally biased to go one way or another , and no other class will be polearming except the odd bladelock . 
  twf without the style being used is still a valid option for some classes such as rogues , while polearm is n't . 
  * twf character with rogue levels and finesse weapons can sneak attack as well . 
  that wo n't work with a polearm . 
  * twf can apply poisons to both weapons . 
  polearmer wo n't do that . 
  unless you get your hands on some rare contact poison and manage not to poison yourself in the process . 
  * polearms pretty much suck without polearm master , and sentinel is attractive as well . 
  you may take the one or two - but it 's a heavy feat tax . 
  twf users can afford to take more asis/other feats , further improving their to hit , damage , and ( if they 're dex based ) ac . 
  * a mounted str character with a dual wielder feat wielding double lances is a beast dealing incredible damage . 
  i played a light cleric to lvl 8 ... 
  i have to admit , it took me a while to learn to play one well , as early on i 'd usually quickly run out of steam by blasting too much . 
  remember that you can blast a lot , but other classes are more optimized for that . 
  however , you wo n't get much by multiclassing . 
  warlock could make you more blasty with hex , but it competes for your concentration spell with bless or flaming sphere , which should be your top choices at the moment ( or wall of fire , which you 'll get next level ) . 
  bless works well with your spell sniper by the way , 
  my suggestion would be keep leveling as light cleric ... 
  if you really wish to multiclass , my suggestion would be fighter . 
  at lvl 1 ( with defense style ) you 'd get +1 ac , extra hp , and a short rest self heal . 
  lvl 2 is what you 're going for . 
  action surge will allow you to cast 2 fireballs once per short rest , when you need that  you might eventually stretch it out to lvl 3 ( eldritch knight , pick find familiar if you go that way ) for some extra spells ( shield makes you more survivable too ) and a caster level but that 's as far as i 'd go . 
  you can move through allied squares ( as difficult terrain ) , you just ca n't end your move there . 
  stopping to attack would count as ending a move . 
  although , of course - everything is subject to interpretation , and unless you 're playing in al no group or dm is obligated to go fully raw . 
  on the other hand , you should have probably received opportunity attack chance when the row 2 moved out of your threatened squares . 
  did anyone else have issues with that combat ? 
  they actually can block . 
  that 's protection fighting style , available to lvl 1 fighters or lvl 2 paladins . 
  quoting from basic rules :, 
   when a creature you can see attacks a target other than you that is within 5 feet of you , you can use your reaction to impose disadvantage on the attack roll . 
  you must be wielding a shield . 
  works in real life too , i 've done some formation fighting ... but back on the subject , raw it only gives you disadvantage ( not contested rolls , you can negate it if you have a way to get advantage ) and uses up his reaction so it wo n't work twice in a round . 
  lvl 6 + light clerics can do the same thing * at range * with warding flare . 
  regarding 2e classes , there were four major groups :, 
  * warrior , which included fighter , paladin and ranger, 
  * wizard , which included mage and all the specialists ( illusionist was selected as an example of the specialist ), 
  * priest , which included cleric , priests of specific mythoi and druid, 
  * rogue , which included thief and bard, 
  so , while base groups were warrior , wizard , priest and rogue , these were not classes as such - corresponding standard classes were fighter , mage , cleric and thief . 
  you can easily buy all the necessities with your starting money , having a few more or less gold at lvl 1 will not make a difference really . 
  if you start with warlock , you 'll get an extra skill once you multiclass into bard . 
  personally , i 'd start as a bard . 
  get that rapier . 
  even though you do n't plan to melee , does n't mean you wo n't melee , and unless you have the war caster feat having a better weapon for your opportunity attacks is always useful . 
  you can combo it with dissonant whispers spell when an opponent gets in your face - you damage them , they start running immediately , and you get an opportunity attack for some crowd control and damage . 
  also , with high cha and proficiency in social skills , that allows you to be great face from start . 
  second and third level - warlock . 
  getting extra cantrips , spells and invocations will increase your versatility a lot , and if you have decent charisma eldritch blast + agonizing blast invocation will set you up as decent damage dealer forever .
