  latex weapons are prevalent in north / central / western europe , new zealand and quebec . 
  in ex-soviet countries , you 'll usually find people hitting each other with wooden weapons , while being armored . 
  but you 'll find some larps using the non-dominant style almost everywhere . 
  other big difference is how people hit . 
  some games hit light , some hit full contact , some are somewhere in the middle , some do n't care , some care only about how the hit looks , some will have non-contact fighting . 
  some games take you down in one hit , in others it takes dozens . 
  some games will put you maybe in one combat in the event ( or none at all ) , while in others you 'll be fighting for hours and as long as you can stand up and hold the weapon . 
  terrain can be problematic . 
  i 've seen people hitting branches , falling down over roots etc. 
  i 've seen people hospitalized when they accidentally self-immolated themselves a bit , when they did n't drink enough water and fell unconscious in armor , when they had heavy sunburns and heatstroke , when they got meningitis from a tick bite . 
  these are all risks associated with outdoor / camping life - and truth be told , they 're quite rare - the only reason why i 've seen so much of them is that because i 've been larping a lot for more than 13 years . 
  compared to them , weapon injuries are minor . 
  true , i got an injury on my thumb base due to getting hit hard by a naked hard core of a homemade weapon - but i 'll never forget when i cut myself when i was machetting down the reeds to build the camp palisade . 
  remember that the majority of larps are primarily about role-playing and story . 
  fighting is an optional ( though very common ) element to it . 
  i 'm across the ocean , so i can only go with what i 've heard - although i 've had contacts with both [ mike ventrella ] ( http://www.crolarper.com/2012/10/interview-with-michael-ventrella.html ) and [ joe valenti ] ( http://www.crolarper.com/2014/11/donation-received-from-nero-larp.html ) . 
  outside of the lawsuit ( which was probably one of the messiest parts of larp history anywhere ) , i actually have a lot of respect for both of them - running such larp networks takes skill , dedication and it 's often a stressful and thankless job . 
  to me , joe seems more like all business while mike seems like a dreamer - and i mean both in a positive way . 
  accordingly , they manage their groups in a different way . 
  personally , irl i 've only met nero players and i 've had a good time with them . 
  some of them are members of the international staff , highly involved in rules and coordination . 
  i think they are nice people who had interesting stories to tell . 
  nero has a [ short statement on its ' website ] ( http://www.nerolarp.net/nero_larp_2011/nero_larp_legal.htm ) regarding the split while alliance has a [ more lengthy one ] ( http://www.alliancelarp.com/break.php ) . 
  there are some lawsuit documents [ available here ] ( http://www.larping.net/nero/lawsuit/ ) . 
  i was in some discussions where ford was involved too , and while i never discussed nero with him ( he moved on to other projects ) , he seems to be on good terms with joe ventrella . 
  since the alliance split , nero has also sued some other larps which split off from it . 
  these conflicts probably helped some other larps to flourish and capture some of their players ( especially accelerant games ) or widen the market ( e.g. 
  larpcraft ) . 
  from my european perspective , both games ( nero and alliance ) and rulesets seem similar to one another , and to dozens of other larps which try to copy them because nero style seems to be very dominating over there . 
  i 'm sure there are more notable differences between the two for the people who are involved in it . 
  we do n't have any similar larps nearby ( in rules , organization or plot structure ) - for good or bad . 
  was the split a bad thing ( because it made a lot of people angry / disappointed / burn out ) or was it a good thing ( by allowing each side involved to go in their own direction ) ? 
  now that would be an interesting point to discuss ... 
  when i had long hair , what worked for me was the high ponytail . 
  it kept my hair out of way much better than a regular low ponytail , plus it 's simple to do and looks very elvish . 
  that 's mission impossible . 
  everything warm enough will always be clunky . 
  everything that will allow you dexterity will never be warm enough . 
  most thin gloves with separate fingers will actually make your hands feel colder . 
  my recommendation : use knitted woolen gloves , but most of the time keep them inside your thick wool/fur cloak or inside your pockets . 
  this will work for all purposes unless you mean to handle the snow with your hands - gloves providing warmth while keeping dexterity , and cloak/pockets providing the waterproof/windproof qualities . 
  i 'm from croatia and i traveled to germany to some fantasy larps . 
  they were played in german , and they were sort of playable in english , as someone was usually kind enough to translate the key points from the speech ( even if they distilled a 10 minute speech to 3 sentences ) , but they were fun nonetheless . 
  but that depends on the group you end up with - some of them took more time and effort to involve non-german speaking players and everything was perfectly fine there , others were a bit more problematic , but some basic communication worked . 
  being able to speak at least some german usually helps . 
  here 's some advice :, 
  * you need to be aware of ageism , clan relationship , positions and current rumors and current standings . 
  without them , you 'll be swimming blindly in political waters of camarilla . 
  * be paranoid and accept the fact that everyone out there just wants to use you or get you killed . 
  world of darkness is not a happy place . 
  * always act as if you know exactly what 's going on even if you do n't . 
  appearances matter , and you need to appear as someone in control ; as a hunter , not a prey . 
  * remember that a lot of stuff about camarilla is one big lie . 
  the party line does not necessarily match the reality . 
  appear to follow the party line no matter what you do . 
  * whenever you say something think about what will it accomplish . 
  you need to be careful what you say and how you say it . 
  * boons , prestation , blood bonds , favors , blood bonds , influences , allies , money , even traditions and local laws can be used as a leverage against others . 
  use them wisely . 
  * a kindred who is paranoid will have less of a chance to be tracked and followed . 
  * if you try to distract your elders by focusing them on their rivals , try to make sure you 're not gon na end up as a pawn . 
  and especially make sure they do n't get suspicious that you 're trying to manipulate them . 
  * few words slipped in right places can be more powerful than weapons or disciplines . 
  rumor is a powerful weapon . 
  again , if you 're too obvious you might find yourself staring at the next sunrise . 
  * there is no democracy . 
  there are no democratic values . 
  such things are for mortals . 
  camarilla is a form of feudalism . 
  * you might still get killed , for no apparent reason whatsoever . 
  * whenever somebody mentions the external enemy ( sabbat , hunters , werewolves etc. ), 
  suspect misdirection and expect internal conflict . 
  did i already mention that ? 
  humanity 's power is its ' collectiveness . 
  i have n't played nwod , but in owod camarilla game the first tradition is masquerade for a reason . 
  the inquisition messed up vampires really bad , and that was back in the 15th century . 
  nowadays , there 's fewer vampires than in dark ages , they 're less powerful , and humanity is more numerous , and equipped with phosphorous grenades , flamethrowers , napalm , nukes ... 
  while an individual human is usually not a threat ( mostly because supernaturals typically get the jump on unsuspecting citizens ) , humanity as a whole is incredibly powerful . 
  a lot of sts balance the changes to the party level , so as x you 'll be killing y and z more often than other way around . 
  and vice versa . 
  and nobody should disrespect you for your choice of a game . 
  you 're a role-player like all of us , and you should do what you enjoy . 
  well , [ i wrote this guide ] ( http://www.crolarper.com/2014/08/these-10-easy-steps-are-all-you-need-to.html ) about how to start larping , hope it helps . 
  name ? 
  from what they said it seems there will be no real differences between the two . 
  i also helped make it !, 
  well , i 'm a kickstarter backer so i guess that counts ... 
  how much difference is there in your power levels ? 
  the only one i can relate to ( with a lot of different power levels ) is our vampire game . 
  but in it , the monthly xp cap slowly grows smaller as characters level up , and new characters get more and more starting xp ( and can bridge the gap faster , as their cap is set higher ) . 
  another possibility ( also seen there ) is to give each player a limited number of very unique abilities which can not be duplicated by other mechanics . 
  in effect , that would make even the newest player be able to do 1-3 things really well . 
  an experienced character would be able to do 3-5 things really well , but it 's possible for them not to overlap . 
  check out my [ guide ] ( http://www.crolarper.com/2014/08/these-10-easy-steps-are-all-you-need-to.html ) on how to start larping . 
  but seriously , if you have n't larped yet , you probably have an `` off '' view about the hobby . 
  there 's a cool book , [ leaving mundania ] ( http://www.crolarper.com/2012/07/book-review-lizzie-stark-leaving.html ) about a journalist who wanted to write about larp , and found her worldviews changed as she got into the hobby . 
  balancing outside world and their love of larping ? 
  would you watch the show about , say , balancing outside world and someone 's love of tv ? 
  or someone 's family life and their love of diy ? 
  larping is really not so different from any other hobby , and trying to present it as something weird would put me off the show .
