  in fact , by summer my savings will already cover the bike i got my son for his birthday this year , which he is enjoying as well , 
  bicycles are awesome . 
  long post . 
  tl ; dr : liked it a lot , got some new insights , 
  i live in croatia , a country with a very specific coffee culture . 
  it 's similar to the one in italy , with the exception that we drink our coffee very slowly , while sitting . 
  there 's a cafe almost at every corner - i have one in my condo complex , plus half a dozen more within 5 minutes by foot ; my office building has one , and two more within 5 minutes by foot . 
  typical coffee menu there is espresso , macchiato , cappucino and a latte , all of them quite cheap and small . 
  very few places offer drinks similar to starbucks , and they do n't sell nearly as well as basic coffees . 
  we do n't have starbucks here . 
  we did have costa coffee which closed after a few months , and when they did that starbucks canceled their plans for expansion here . 
  the closest we have is mccafe . 
  their coffee is ok , but people still mostly buy basic drinks and sit there . 
  very few people take it to go . 
  seven years ago was my first visit to starbucks when i was at amsterdam airport . 
  had a frappucino , and i liked it . 
  in the meantime , i got way more interested in coffee . 
  started lurking this subreddit as well . 
  so about a month and a half ago i visited germany for a short holiday , and during my visit i also visited starbucks in bonn , cologne and frankfurt . 
  i tried a few things : white chocolate mocha , pumpkin spice latte , and a pike place drip . 
  all of them grande , with no sugar or anything extra . 
  did n't like the drip particularly , but the other two were lovely . 
  specifically , i liked them more than what mccafe offers here . 
  ( tried the pumpkin spice latte in a local mccafe after , first the barista forgot to add the syrup because she was probably surprised that someone actually ordered it , and then it was n't nearly as good a the one in starbucks ) also picked up a small cup as a souvenir ... 
  what surprised me the most is how busy the places were . 
  finding a place to sit was not always possible , and the lines were long . 
  probably has something to do with the fact that germany has way fewer cafes than croatia , but probably not much smaller demand ... so there 's obviously more profit there . 
  i can see why starbucks is reluctant to open a shop in my country , although from my perspective starbucks coffee and regular coffee we get here are in very different styles , so it seems to me there 's some market potential . 
  yet despite it being very busy , the places seemed to run neatly and orderly . 
  the interior decoration was very nice and clean . 
  i was quite impressed by the work the baristas there were doing . 
  in fact , so much that if starbucks ever opens in my country , i 'd be interested in working there part time ( my primary job is in it ; local cafes are not flexible with work times ; mccafe employs only students due to taxes being significantly lower for them ) . 
  for all the starbucks partners , i think you 're doing a great job . 
  i already have an ok basic home setup for coffee . 
  i 've got a hario mini grinder , french press , turkish coffee pot , moka pot , and a basic filter cone . 
  i only used filter cone about twice - i prefer french press , and the grinding for that size is done more quickly than for others . 
  as i drink a lot of coffee and i 'm on budget , i mostly buy cheap beans ( about $ 8/kg ) with occasional splurges for freshly roasted coffee from local roasters . 
  i like espresso , but i do n't think i 'll have a proper home setup any time soon due to lack of funds and kitchen space ( i live in a tiny apartment in europe ) . 
  anyway , i took a recent christmas deal and bought two dolce gusto pod machines ( yes , i know ... pods are evil , expensive , and have bad coffee ) . 
  about $ 150 for two machines ( piccolo and oblo ) and 17 boxes of pods + 2 variety boxes . 
  one of these machines ( oblo + half of the coffee ) will go to my parents for christmas , who are in instant coffee hell . 
  we took the piccolo machine and started using it a few days ago . 
  i 'm rather happy with my dolce gusto for the purpose i 'm using it - to deliver a morning shot in under a minute , rather than spend 15 minutes more for grinding , brewing , cleanup , and drinking somewhat larger amounts of coffee i get using other methods . 
  in my rather busy life , 15 minutes of extra sleep can mean a lot ... and my kids are a huge fans of the hot chocolate from chococino pods . 
  in the afternoons i find the time to grind the beans for a more proper coffee . 
  now my first question is - has anyone tried dolce gusto refillable pods ? 
  i 'm wondering whether they 're worth getting , and whether they can offer a passable espresso - or if i 'm better off using my moka pot in order to make something tasty and as resembling of the actual espresso as possible ... 
  the second question refers to my office . 
  we have some quite excellent equipment here - la san marco grinder ( do n't know the exact model ) with doser and integrated tamper , and an expobar megacrem espresso machine ( 3 groups , 2 steam wands , 1 hot water tap ) . 
  now , the only issue is that they 're badly maintained - group joints are worn , i 'm not sure the machine is ever cleaned fully and properly , and the grinder ( used daily by our secretary ) is caked and i do n't remember it being cleaned ever ... ( and sadly i 'm not in a position to dismantle it and clean it ) . 
  because of the state of grinder , so far i 've been using pre-ground coffee with ... less than ideal results . 
  today i tried some coffee from the grinder , and i pulled a far better and tastier shot than i could with pre-ground coffee - and i 'm still alive . 
  so i 've been considering getting some beans and using them in the grinder , but considering its state i 'm wondering if it 'd be safe to do so on a regular basis . 
  thank you for your answers . 
  local price reference : about $ 6 can buy me 250g of store-bought single origin ( not freshly roasted ) , or a 200g of freshly roasted blend or cheap single origin from one of the local cafes , or 100g of top quality freshly roasted blends or single origins from the best roasters in the country . 
  or a pack of 16 dolce gusto pods . 
  so hi everyone . 
  i 've been playing d&d since 2nd edition ( started in 1999 ) , ran a few homebrew campaigns , but never anything published . 
  that all changed on new year 's eve , which i celebrated by running lost mine of phandelver . 
  my only player is my wife , and since she does n't have much tabletop experience she asked me to build her a character . 
  i wanted to give her something simple , fun and durable ( without giving her 3 extra npcs to manage ) , so i built her a lvl 4 warlock ( standard array , variant human with urchin background , fiend , pact of the chain + imp , both eb invocations , took warcaster and cha asi ) and we ran the first session . 
  without spoiling too much , she barely survived the first encounter . 
  in the first dungeon , bbeg would have killed her if i have n't fudged the dice ( though only by 2 damage , so did n't fudge it a lot ) and generously allowed some environmental damage . 
  she also solved the encounter with the largest amount of monsters by using an invisibility spell and her familiar . 
  needless to say , it was very close - and as further encounters will be more difficult , i 've been considering how to solve this in the best way possible . 
  bringing her to level 5 at this moment would probably give her too much burst damage and make some of the next content too trivial ( fireball , fireball , short rest ) . 
  i 've been considering adding some recruitable npc in phandalin 's tavern ... 
  but i 'm open for suggestions . 
  also , i 'm looking for tips to improve my dm skills - both in general , and in a 1on1 scenario which i 'm running now . 
  i do have significant gm experience in other rpgs ( and larps ) , but this is relatively new to me as it is both crunchier and more combat-focused than stuff i used to run , and i find myself referencing the material over and over again to make sure there is n't something that i missed ( since it 's my first time running something pre-written ) ... as a result , i tend to be more tense and less entertaining than i want to be . 
  i 'm planning to join the local pfs group . 
  they previously had play times which conflicted with my work , but recently they started playing at time when i can join ... 
  so anyway , i 'm completely new to pathfinder . 
  played a demo game once . 
  have some experience with d&d ( though not much with 3 . x ) and other systems , but never tried any form of organized play such as this ... so i got some questions :, 
  * the guide mentions having to own a core book in order to play . 
  i do own a pdf copy of it , and a few other books such as apg ( snatched them from humble bundle a year ago ) , is that enough ? 
  the guide explicitly mentions pdfs for supplements , but nothing regarding the core book . 
  would just bringing the pdf on my phone be fine to satisfy the requirements ? 
  * i checked the characters others are playing , and most of them are races/classes which are not in the books i own . 
  i 'm just wondering if my options are enough for decent play , or would my lack of access to some races/classes/feats result in severely suboptimal options for me ? 
  ( i know very little about other stuff that 's been released , so i 'm sorry if that 's a very noob question - also , we do n't have a core group it would seem ) . 
  * i have a pfs character which i built several years ago for play at a convention , but sadly i had to cancel so it has never been played - can i reuse that character , or is there some new stuff i should be aware of ? 
  * i do n't own minis - i assume dm will have that covered , or is everyone required to bring their own minis ? 
  * how do pfs scenarios compare to regular published adventures ? 
  * any other advice for new players ? 
  thanks for your time . 
  so , basically i 've been playing ( a ) d&d since '90s , and i never used battlemat or minis . 
  we used to play purely in a way which is now called theatre of the mind , with some minor mapping done on paper ( or grid notebooks with small squares ) . 
  i never got much into 3 . x , but all games i played there were run by other old school players and totm . 
  the first time i got introduced into grid was with pathfinder , which i played several games of , and i noticed how much i was previously missing in my 3 . x games ... did n't make me want to buy one though , because i had no interest in running 3 . x/pf . 
  i have a bunch of old mage knight figures , so i tried printing my own grid ( 1.5 '' squares , because mage knight figures have large bases and i was reluctant to cut them up and glue them on smaller bases ) and using clear tape to `` laminate '' it . 
  i was not satisfied with the results , to put it mildly . 
  5e/next won me from the playtest versions onward , and i ran a few shorter games ( in totm , as i was used to from 2e days ) , and last year i got myself in a long out of the abyss campaign . 
  we started totm , but a few months ago we switched to using a grid . 
  the dm has a lot of minis , and his own grid ( hand-drawn on paper , he 's using pencil to lightly mark walls and stuff ) . 
  it made positioning , distance , ranges and speed much more meaningful and influential parts of the combat than they used to be . 
  it made my monk shine in ways which would be harder to emulate in totm . 
  i liked it enough to get some custom hero forge minis for myself and one of my friends for that campaign . 
  as money is somewhat of an issue , i ordered the cheaper ones ( nylon plastic / strong plastic ) .
