  does someone have any experience / tips in painting these ? 
  i 'm not much of a painter myself , but i have some paint from ikea ( m\u00c5la ) - would these be sufficient for some basic paintjob ? 
  i 'm not looking for any great results here ( since material is not ideal either ) , just to make my mini stand out a bit more than `` pure white '' - i 'm curious if these would be sufficient for that . 
  for the games i run , i 'd also like to switch to using minis , but i 'm trying to find the most cost-effective option , here are some thoughts :, 
  * i live in croatia , we do n't have a local amazon . 
  with shipping costs , buying a pre-made mat is ... very expensive , as shipping would cost as much ( if not more ) as a mat itself . 
  * we do n't have inch-grid paper locally available , we 're a metric country . 
  for shipping , see above . 
  * i could probably get the grid printed and laminated , but shops here only laminate up to a3 format . 
  * i could use the same solution as my group does , but light pencil drawing is often hard to see so i 'm not overly satisfied with that . 
  * i could probably get pathfinder beginner box for mat and pawns , it 's the only thing which has a mat ( and some pawns , which would be helpful ) in flgs , local price is about $ 43 which is only slightly more expensive than buying just an online mat + shipping . 
  * i could run it with my mage knight figures and a ruler instead of a grid ... anyone tried that ? 
  what do you use , if anything ? 
  what are your experiences ? 
  thanks . 
  hey !, 
  i got myself some heroforge minis in nylon plastic ( $ 15 material ) . 
  i got them for my tabletop gaming , and i 'd like to make them ... a bit better than white only . 
  i know the material is not ideal , and on top of that i 'm quite bad at precision and painting so consider my standards rather low , and my desired results `` whatever is better than white '' . 
  without investing much in the hobby , i already have some cheap ikea paint ( m\u00c5la ) . 
  will that do for a basic paintjob ? 
  any advice regarding the materials i have ? 
  thanks . 
  i 'm the guy who [ posted yesterday ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/minipainting/comments/5rm50j/new_guy_cheap_hero_forge_minis/ ) looking for some advice . 
  here 's how my first painting went , if you want to spare yourself some jarring visual pain feel free to skip this post :d, 
  so , i ordered the cheapest minis on hero forge . 
  nylon plastic is $ 15 a piece , half the price of their grey plastic material ( which is more detailed and more paintable ) . 
  [ this is how they looked when they arrived ] ( http://i.imgur.com/vifuhuw.jpg ) . 
  leftmost is a tiefling assassin , a gift for one of my co-players in the d&d campaign i 'm a part of . 
  middle is my character in the same campaign . 
  right is my half-orc character in the pfs . 
  i have a set of [ acrylic paint from ikea ] ( http://www.ikea.com/us/en/catalog/products/90193495/ ) . 
  my son spent some of these paints already , so i was left with ( darker ) blue , red , yellow , white and black . 
  i went to flgs to purchase some primer - i was planning to get citadel technical imperial primer , but they were fresh out of it . 
  they had citadel spray primer , but it seemed like a bit of an overkill to purchase the whole can just for this small project , so i went with [ this one ] ( http://www.cartamagica.hr/pro/7642-b.jpg ) . 
  i also tried to get some better brushes than i already have , but flgs did n't have any ( outside of the full citadel sets ) , and the hobby store nearby was freshly out . 
  damn . 
  i washed the models , toothbrushed them , washed them some more , let them dry . 
  applied the first layer of primer ( which i probably thinned a bit too much ) , the material soaked it like a sponge . 
  as advertised , it 's really bad for painting . 
  it did n't really look like any of the tutorial videos i 've seen , it was like painting a kitchen sponge . 
  first layer made it look like a black wash . that 's all i did on the tiefling figure , since it 's a gift - the first layer gave it much better detailing than white figure only for our next d&d game , so i 'll give it like that to my friend , if she wants to have it pro painted at least i did n't ruin it . 
  i gave the other two figures two more layers of primer - first one made it only slightly darker , second actually made it a solid color . 
  [ here 's ] ( http://i.imgur.com/d80ezcg.jpg ) the result , the leftmost with a single layer of primer and other two with 3 layers . 
  then i started painting . 
  as i said , the material is horrible . 
  my brushes and paints suck , and my brushes are too big which resulted in some smudging . 
  also , i suck at painting as i did since elementary school . 
  in other news , the water is wet . 
  here 's the result after the first night of painting and drying : [ front ] ( http://i.imgur.com/xfsmxpe.jpg ) / [ back ] ( http://i.imgur.com/loqrax4.jpg ) . 
  this was taken with a flash , so under normal lighting the white highlights do n't look ** as ** horrendous as here . 
  i think i 'm gon na say the orc is done . 
  i 'd say it meets my criteria of `` somewhat better than white only '' . 
  going to work on the human character a bit more ( that brown color was a pain to set , took 2 layers ) . 
  since i do n't have a proper fine brush , i was thinking about using a toothpick to draw some more details , and then giving it a wash and maybe a few highlights on the body and face if i manage that , and seal it with some hairspray . 
  feel free to comment and laugh :d, 
  if i ever order properly paintable minis ( which this material certainly is n't ) , at least now i know what stuff i should buy to paint them properly . 
  so , recently i was at my first pfs game . 
  it was quite fun , although the way gm rushed us through the scenario to complete it in our time slot was a bit jarring at times . 
  i got a couple of questions :, 
  * i built a casting half-orc cleric of asmodeus with negative channeling ( and selective channeling feat ) , focusing on wis and cha . 
  my con is low ( 10 ) and gm and several players recommended that i rebuild it for more durability ( as i currently have 8 hp and took a skill for my favored class bonus , considering int is my dump stat on that char ) . 
  since i 'm not planning to get anywhere close to front lines , and besides i got armor and orc ferocity - should that suffice , or should i really be looking into rebuilding for more con ? 
  * there seems to be lack of local and willing gms , so there was a bit of a gm recruitment speech - i was offered a place as a pfs gm . 
  i 'm not sure if i 'll accept it yet ( i got a lot of gm experience in other systems , but my pathfinder experience is very limited , especially when it comes to combat rules and appropriate skill use ) , but overall i 'd like that at some point . 
  do you have any experience with pfs gms who were relatively new to the game in general ? 
  any advice ? 
  so although 5e is currently my preferred system , my 5e collection so far is [ rather humble ] ( http://i.imgur.com/s8covp8.jpg?1 ) . 
  do n't have phb yet , but i 'm getting it soon . 
  however , i find it hard to justify buying mm/dmg when i already have the similar content for older editions of ( a ) d&d / pf , and basic is free ... 
  so for everyone who 's been in the similar situation - do the mm/dmg have something new and unique that makes getting them worthwhile if you already have old editions of these ? 
  there 's this girl i know , we 're about the same age . 
  a mutual friend told me that she likes me and talks about me a lot . 
  that girl never told me anything like that , but she keeps texting me random stuff all the time . 
  personally , i 'm in an open marriage , with two kids . 
  that girl knows that , and she says she 's not into that . 
  fair enough . 
  she is n't exactly my type either , to be honest . 
  several days ago she texted me out of the blue ( once again ) , complimented me , and then she said she has to find herself a husband like me ... 
  i 'm not exactly sure what does she want , and how best to proceed . 
  ( wife knows everything , ofc ), 
  posted this in another sub first , but it might be more appropriate here ... 
  there 's this girl i know , we 're about the same age . 
  a mutual friend told me that she likes me and talks about me a lot . 
  that girl never told me anything like that , but she keeps texting me random stuff all the time . 
  personally , i 'm in an open marriage , with two kids . 
  that girl knows that , and she says she 's not into that . 
  fair enough . 
  she is n't exactly my type either , to be honest . 
  several days ago she texted me out of the blue ( once again ) , complimented me , and then she said she has to find herself a husband like me ... 
  i 'm not exactly sure what does she want , and how best to proceed . 
  ( wife knows everything , ofc ), 
  we hang out in same social circles and share a lot of friends , and we 've already known each other for a while before this started . 
  i already told her that i 'm not interested , she told me the same back - as well as telling me she 's not interested in married guys , told me she would never compromise the sanctity of the marriage , and stuff like that . 
  every time i saw her somewhere , she did not attempt anything , and did n't give me any signals ... 
  ... and few days later , she always texts me some photos . 
  usually just something random , although she did send me a photo of her legs in a bathtub a few months ago out of the blue . 
  i do n't know why . 
  one time i ran into her in town , i was out with my wife and kids . 
  she barely greeted us , and ran away .
