  and a caught orcs gets to spend some prison time . 
  just one example , but a lot of emergent play , all organized by players . 
  most gms there are out-of-character referees , controlling combat and primarily taking care of safety . 
  conquest is rather similar , but it 's even bigger than drachenfest and it has over a thousand npcs and a lot of prewritten plot which is sometimes tightly controlled ... 
  though a lot of people also have emergent play in a way very similar to drachenfest . 
  i wrote the reviews of these events on my blog which go in much more detail , check them out and if you have any more questions about those events i 'd be happy to answer them :, 
  ( i wo n't return there this year due to finances and the fact i 'm expecting my second child , but i 'm looking forward to returning on these larps in 2-3 years . ), 
  pretty much . 
  only a few characters ( such as avatars ) are widely known to all players . 
  otherwise , you have the group you 're hanging out with that knows you , your face is probably familiar to some of the folks from your camp , you know a few people here and there ... but yeah , you 're largely anonymous . 
  it 's a small city of larp players . 
  you often go through the crowds without a single familiar face in sight . 
  that makes some stuff ( such as covert ops ) way easier . 
  the situation in croatia :, 
  # 5 card check , # 2 big numbers and # 1 calling damage every swing do n't exist in any larps around here . 
  # 4 narration is common in only one larp , and it 's a preferred style there because of the stories they chose to tell ( `` you 're now in hell , between where these trees are is a lake of lava '' ) - most other larps are striving to becoming more wysiwyg . 
  that same larp also uses # 3 prestige classes , but they 're in the process of rotating them out . 
  i would n't personally call that stuff `` problems '' , more like design choices . 
  i do n't like them , but there are people who do for their own reasons . 
  a variety of design choices in the scene is a good thing , potentially reaching more people who have different interests themselves . 
  a good article . 
  when it came out , i linked it to several people . 
  dag weapons will pass in amtgard . 
  but regarding other groups ... well , better tell which larps you 're interested in - no larp weapons will pass on all larps ever . 
  dag/amt weapons ca n't pass some of the local standards which specifically ask for a flexible , more springy core . 
  some larps have a list of approved manufacturers . 
  some demand cloth cover , some ban it and favor or demand duct tape or latex instead . 
  so , better make a list of what larps are you interested in ( besides dag and amt ) so we can give you a better estimate . 
  so , you make it rain ? 
  nope , not this year . 
  i guess it 's around may 1st again ? 
  i have n't seen the announcement anywhere ( though i saw that bukulja got announced at that date ) . 
  my wife is pregnant , and we 're expecting a baby in may . 
  while i will actually be organizing a larp in may , it will be rather close to zagreb , and if anything happens i can get to the car and quickly get to where i 'm needed . 
  from another country that would be difficult , and i ca n't take that risk this year . 
  but i 'll have some friends which will probably go there . 
  i 'm really looking forward to hearing the feedback , 
  for croatia - early 2000 's we had about 20 % female population , it fell to about 10 % in late 2000 's , and now we 're at 30-40 % on most larps , and over 50 % on some . 
  however , it largely depends on the style of larp played here . 
  fantasy larps draw the smallest percentage ( the more fighting-heavy they are , the smaller percentage of girls ) , some other genres like steampunk draw more in , and larps such as vampire even more . 
  in nordic-style larps with artistical tendencies , women commonly outnumber men . 
  besides larp style and design , healthy group atmosphere and social relationships are * very * significant . 
  make sure everyone 's having a good time , and keep recruiting more players . 
  https://www.mytholon.com/ is one of the biggest most popular in europe , but they got some good stuff . 
  i bought my armor from them . 
  not sure if the shipping to canada would be cost-effective , but perhaps some of your local stores have them ? 
  they have some awesome costumes and armor in bicolline larp ( quebec ) . 
  i 've been compiling plenty of rulesets on my forum : http://forum.crolarper.com/forum/3968351/ - perhaps you 'd like to give them a look for inspiration , as they tend to have a vastly different focus in style , themes , power curve , leveling curve ( or even no leveling ) , rule complexity etc. 
  some 3 years ago i was in a similar situation as you are , i decided to start a new larp and i 've never looked back . 
  granted , such things are a bit simpler in europe as you can keep it all low-cost , no-profit and requiring no insurance . 
  but you can also do some stuff to keep it cheaper and simpler to organize ( such as instead of camping , organize day larps in a state park or forest or some similar public space , in an isolated part of it ) . 
  never be afraid to innovate or think out of the box . 
  market your larp in every way possible ( social networks , other online media , local rpg clubs , etc ) and recruit aggressively . 
  focus on new players instead of players of other larps . 
  give your players a platform to communicate . 
  talk openly about your creative agenda and desired style for the game , enable it with game design and always keep the promises you make . 
  exactly how many people you 'll be able to take depends greatly on the style of larp you 'll be running - i had an enjoyable time running the game as a single gm for a group of almost a hundred players , and i ended up exhausted running the game for 14 people with 2 assistants on my side . 
  a lot of it depends on you , your helpers , larp style you intend to run , what drives your plot and much more . 
  try dagorhir or belegarth . 
  no magic there but overall it 's similar . 
  you might be interested in amtgard v8 rules then . 
  they 're under active development , but a much easier system to learn - actual number of different effects is smaller , while there 's still lot of flavor . 
  ( besides , amtgard is likely to switch to it soon and from what i hear they are easier for new people to learn ), 
  here 's a short 1-page ruleset i 've done , it 's free to use and creative commons - if you do n't like any of the existing options , you might be interested in it :, 
  this one is balanced for longer larps , but i put it under creative commons so feel free to modify it in any way you see fit ( e.g. 
  reduce cooldowns and introduce respawns instead of permadeath for a battle game ), 
  i was excited 2 years ago . 
  then there was all that #notmycut and vaporware stuff . 
  i 'm glad it 's finally coming out ( in some form ) , and i 'll watch it , but my excitement is long gone . 
  it 's like duke nukem forever . 
  i was lucky enough to experience several events which perfectly fit me , two examples are here : http://www.crolarper.com/2012/08/drachenfest-2012.html http://www.crolarper.com/2013/08/conquest-of-mythodea-2013.html, 
  i wish i could have gone to some high-budget larps in sweden over the past decade ( specially including dragonbane and the monitor celestra ) , but they were quite a bit over my budget ... 
  still , there 's a lot of documentation about them around . 
  there 's some nice advice already on this thread !, 
  i also find the british 15 rules of larp helpful . 
  here 's a copy : http://www.crolarper.com/2012/12/the-15-rules-of-larp.html, 
  some other helpful hints : wear wool - it is authentic , looks awesome and works in every weather , and bad weather is the usual no. 1 killer of role-play that can sometimes be turned to awesome things if you 're prepared well enough . 
  also , always drink a lot of water , more than you need , and offer it to your coplayers - it 's easy to get dehydrated during a larp , and headache = bad mood . 
  hide your modern stuff like plastic bottles or cell phones , put them out of sight and encourage others to do so . 
  but always be nice to your fellow players out-of-game and get to know them - this will help you learn each other 's limits , and play more intensively together . 
  always involve other people - larp is created from interaction , if you 're playing a single player game you 're robbing both yourself and themselves of experience . 
  work on your group - an involved group is pretty much a requirement for a good role-play . 
  i 've seen newbies on their first larp arriving into a group that was role-playing all time , and they played with them pretty much perfectly . 
  i 've also seen 10 year veterans trying hard to role-play and failing simply because people around them started discussing world of warcraft , concerts , d&d and tv shows . 
  your improving will help others improve , and vice versa . 
  you are all props in each other 's game , and you primarily improve each other 's experience - and larp is born from interaction . 
  water . 
  dehydration sneaks on you easily . 
  great tips !, 
  so , how much stuff did you sell over the course of one game ? 
  how many people could sit in your tent ? 
  the smallest larp i ran was a 3 player chamber larp . 
  it was a one-shot and it worked wonderfully . 
  also , one of the best larps i played was a 5 player event . 
  running a game with under 10 players , 30 players , 100 players and 1000 players will require different design approaches and priorities , but it 's doable and all of these can be good events or bad ones . 
  remember that with a smaller number of players they will have less chances to interact so they 'll need more stimulation ( whether in character backgrounds , environment or pve content ) to provide for a tighter game . 
  perhaps shorter playtime too . 
  but you can be far more flexible with game space and you can provide them with more individual attention than otherwise . 
  to the moon !, 
  thanks !,
