  google 's ecosystem works great on ipad , you just have to download the apps ( drive , sheets , docs etc ) . 
  i synced some files from phone to ipad using drive and it worked perfectly , i edited some sheets last night on my ipad , and it was flawless . 
  did n't install gmail app , but the default mail app works well with gmail accounts - a bit differently than gmail interface , but well enough for my needs not to bother with installing a gmail app . 
  i even found that netflix works with my chromecast better than on any android device i own - my net would sometimes lose connection , causing controls to disappear on android until i manually disconnect/reconnect it to chromecast . 
  my ipad just kept the connection and controls were working at all time , despite some network hiccups . 
  no screen mirroring , but everything else in my experience works as well or better . 
  great screen and battery life too . 
  not op , but i just got my ipad while i 'm heavily invested in google ecosystem so ... 
  where i live , android tablet market is not really that great . 
  it 's flooded with cheap off-brand tablets , which would be outdated 5 years ago ( hardware and software-wise ) if they were actually built ok , which they are n't and usually just end up as $ 50 paperweights . 
  but you can get these at every corner , and it seems everyone is rushing out to sell `` tablets '' as cheaply and possible . 
  on the other hand , medium and high-end android tablets simply do n't sell well - with competition from apple , 2-in-1 windows devices , and simply cheap laptops . 
  it 's probably because a lot of potential customers tried some of these cheap & horrible tablets , and decided tablets are n't worth it and they 're better off using their phones - which are faster , more pleasant to do stuff on , and more reliable than the low-end bracket . 
  due to this , shops which actually stock decent android tablets have trouble selling them . 
  so in the same price bracket as the ipad i had the following three other options :, 
  * asus zenpad 3s 10 - ended up being out of stock when i went to look for it , they did n't order much so i 'd have to wait for it to ship . 
  also , my friend had an asus tablet for a year - a transformer mini , so it 's a different device - but he was very frustrated with the performance , he had some hardware issues , tried to get them fixed , did n't work , and his device is unusable now after less than a year of owning it . 
  that 's certainly not the warranty/service experience i want , if i pay for the device i want to be able to use it . 
  * lenovo yoga tab 3 plus - did n't go for it because i 'm * really * not a fan of its spine . 
  * samsung galaxy tab s2 8.0 - smaller tablet than i want , and it 's probably been sitting on the shelf unsold for two years . 
  if i went under these specs , i might 've consider galaxy tab a - but that one 's been probably sitting on the shelf for 2.5 years . 
  so * literally * i could n't get a better tablet than ipad for my money - hardware spec wise . 
  which matters to me - my son got galaxy tab 3 lite as a gift from my parents several years ago , and something like that is small , underpowered and outdated for what i needed a tablet for . 
  an android tablet i 'd actually want was tab s3 , but it was almost twice the price of ipad and frankly out of my budget . 
  my friends have an old ipad 2 and ipad air which they still use . 
  and it 's been an experience of all my ios using friends that their devices were kept relevant , updated , and , often , in better shape for much longer than android devices in general . 
  then i ended up reading about ios 11 , and it looked awesome - a better fit for a tablet than current versions of android , and even if it gets better any android device i can buy will likely remain close as it is at the time i buy it , since they tend to get only one or two updates ( or possibly none ) during their lifetime . 
  then our stores slashed the prices a week before the keynote and the choice was clear . 
  getting used to a new os had some confusing moments at first , and i still have n't figured some stuff out ... but i 'm stunned by the battery life i get from ipad . 
  very glad i made a choice i did , and i 'm not missing much from android . 
  update it to ios 11 , hook it up to a speaker , and use it as a makeshift homepod . 
  pretty much the same here . 
  in fact , it 's becoming more and more of my pc replacement too - since i got my ipad ( just over 2 weeks ago , my first apple device ) , i mainly use my pc for gaming nowadays . 
  i also have a company laptop , which i have n't turned on in a long time now ( it takes ages to boot ) . 
  windows update tends to mess up my company vpn 's connectivity , and there was an emergency situation where i had to react quickly . 
  both laptop and my home pc vpns got messed up , thankfully ios vpn app + remote desktop worked perfectly , and i could work more comfortably than expected on an ios device . 
  got myself a cheap bluetooth keyboard ( logitech k480 ) for when i need to do a lot of typing , but i find myself using it less than i thought i will ... 
  also , i used it to collaborate online on google docs , and i produced a great looking document in pages . 
  edited some simple movies in imovie . 
  i 'm having a presentation next week , and i 'll probably do it in keynote . 
  i like the lightness , silence and long battery life - so far i 'm charging it once a week ( but i 'm using my tv and chromecast for youtube/netflix ) . 
  zero regrets , and ios 11 just made it better . 
  it 's my top used device at home now , and i 've been taking it with me much more than the laptop i still have but i do n't see myself using anymore ... 
  just curious if there 's a precompiled cudaminer for windows available anywhere ? 
  my rig is a couple of years old , but i get very low values ( 5kh/s ) with either cgminer or minerd . 
  using win7 x64 . 
  much thanks !, 
  it 's been about two days of learning about cryptocurrencies ( almost from zero ) , since then i 've learned a lot and ... most of the stuff i needed i found here and on / r/dogemining , in fact this made me join both doge and reddit . 
  much useful, 
  i received some tips and tipped others , and i just managed to set myself up with cudaminer which works at triple the rate i had on cpuminer , which was very satisfying . 
  only 18k , but it works ( athlon 64 x2 4800 + and geforce gt 430 for those of you who are interested ) . 
  and tomorrow , i 'll join idigdoge.com at work . 
  anyway , just wanting to say hello and i 'm glad to have found this community . 
  very awesome, 
  howdy folks  i 'm new to litecoin . 
  i got interested in the dogecoin couple of days ago and started mining it . 
  i 've been looking to diversify a bit , so litecoin was my first choice as i do n't own asics anyway and i also want to do a little bit of mining . 
  however , looking at the fact i do n't really have much specialized hardware ( i can manage around 20-30 kh/s , as i 'm mining parallel to doing other stuff on my pc ) , looking at the current difficulty and transfer fees , i wonder if mining is actually feasible for me in my scenario ( since i 'd be earning very little litecoin ) . 
  imagine the world in which crypto currencies are dominant . 
  fiat currencies are outdated and worthless , and doge is one of the main currencies of the day . 
  you can get paid in it , you can pay your bills in it , you can buy groceries in it , etc. 
  besides all of us shibe being filthy rich in such a world , how would it be different from the world we know today ? 
  how would economy work ? 
  how would our daily lives be changed ? 
  if a person from today 's western society would get transplanted in such a world , what would he find most alien ? 
  ( i * might * be running a social experiment in a few months , so there 's a reason for my research ), 
  hello  i 'm new on reddit , i 've been here for a couple of days . 
  i 've been larping since 2001 . and i 've been on most croatian larps since then . 
  since 2011 . 
  i 've been running a larp blog in english called `` diary of a croatian larper '' available at http://www.crolarper.com/ - regarding writing , you 'll also find my articles on larping.org and larpbook.com ( and in the future probably also on electro-larp . com ) . 
  i 'm also running a forum on crolarper.com about regional and international larp interchange . 
  i really like larps of all styles , including combat larps such as amtgard , regular fantasy larps , world of darkness , nordic larps , freeform and probably others which i have n't tried yet . 
  i 've also visited drachenfest and conquest in germany in 2012 and 2013 , and the hungarian larp chronicles of demgard . 
  besides visiting larps , i 've also been running them . 
  i 've been running the continuous fantasy campaign `` terra nova '' , a vampire larp `` camarilla agram '' which uses the newly published rules , and several oneshots - like the two pervasive larps `` izgon '' ( they were played simultaneously in several countries ) and several chamber larps . 
  i 've also been one of the organizers of the last year 's portal convention , the first regional convention about larp . 
  feel free to ask me anything about my work , or larp in croatia or southeastern europe in general - i 'll answer to the best of my ability . 
  i 'll be keeping an eye on this subreddit , 
  camarilla agram is a vampire the masquerade larp set in zagreb , croatia and one of the larps i 'm involved in . 
  there were three playtest events last year , and the larp is officially starting this saturday . 
  we 're working with the new bns masquerade rules . 
  the plan is to run eight large events a year , small weekly games , and some online role-play . 
  if you 're traveling near croatia and are interested in it , feel free to stop by and you 're welcome to bring your own character . 
  we 're also looking to informally network with other cwod games - perhaps we can help fill each other 's background stories , world , or play together in some manner . 
  the english-language website with current schedule is available at : http://camarilla.crolarper.com/english-version, 
  hey folks !, 
  we recently started a new vampire the masquerade larp in zagreb , croatia using by night studios rules . 
  we 're called camarilla agram , and you can find more info about the stuff we do here : http://camarilla.crolarper.com/english-version ( there 's some original art that was done for our game - check under `` klanovi '' , each clan got its ' own art piece , apart from malkavian and nosferatu who are still missing one at the point of the writing ), 
  last year we did 3 playtest sessions using the preview versions of the rules , and ten days ago we started officially . 
  you can check out the photos from our first game here : https://plus.google.com/photos/115392565989633929704/albums/5973151328833961937, 
  we love networking and the concept of shared worlds , so if you 're also running a masquerade larp , we 're interested in your stories and we 're willing to share ours . 
  we 're not a member of ut or any similar organization ( the membership fee is too much for most of our players ) , but we 're looking at other ways for networking with various chronicles instead . 
  if you visit our larps , you get free entrance and the ability to bring in a character from your own chronicle ( unless it 's overpowered for the environment ) . 
  the players ' preferred method of communication is the following facebook group : https://www.facebook.com/groups/vampirezg/ ( we also do some online role-play in another group ), 
  hi there !, 
  i currently run a rather large and rather successful vtm larp in croatia , called camarilla agram . 
  we got a dedicated bunch of players ... and i 've been thinking , i 'd love to run wta larp as well . 
  a lot of our players love werewolves , and would want to play one but they have little or no experience playing wta . 
  i 'm also rather inexperienced with wta , but after a lot of reading i believe i have a firm grasp of the setting . 
  i could run a tabletop game with a small pack , but i 'm still not overly clear what plot mechanisms would work best in a larp of 20 + people ( who are also largely inexperienced with wta ) .
