  then he would cry afterwards how he would n't do it anymore . 
  then my wife would give me shit for forcing the kid to do something he does n't want , while he 's sobbing in her arms . 
  there are no bjj classes for kids where i live , but we tried that with available kids classes in judo ( he just did the warmups and then refused to train ) , krav maga ( he liked it until some kid punched his pad hard , and he was holding it wrong , then he was scared shitless until the end of the class , he 's a bit of a delicate flower ) , and aikido ( he was simply bored ) . 
  if i had my wife 's support to push him to do it , at least for a while , that would work , but i do n't and this already caused plenty of arguments at home . 
  he 's currently attending a sport group which he loves , 2x a week , they cover the basics of 20 different sports ( including judo and wrestling ) . 
  great trainers , and his school friends also go there and he 's very enthusiastic about it . 
  he also takes an extra pe class 1x a week . 
  we 'll have to drop that group as we 're moving next month . 
  his new school will have judo , karate and taekwondo on premises . 
  if his new classmates go to these , perhaps that will make him more interested in it . 
  can confirm . 
  `` i spend my classes under these things called ` side control ' and ` mount ' , let me show you . '', 
  he 's wrong . 
  when i was cutting a lot , i was losing that much per month . 
  plenty of improvements in general . 
  * i lost my false ego . 
  i 'm much more aware of what i can and ca n't do . 
  * i got more confident and happy . 
  * i got over my panic reflex when having someone 's hands on my neck . 
  * i 'm much more comfortable in close proximity of other people . 
  and with other people in general . 
  * my body awareness has significantly improved . 
  * my strength increased . 
  roll from mount to guard , trapped one of his legs to pass guard , but he got my other leg and managed to keep it hg . 
  call it as you wish . 
  maybe it helps someone . 
  kimura was locked before i established the mount . 
  i failed by not countering prior to that . 
  haha , true . 
  well , at least that was a lesson learned , and i got in some practice time as i had to skip classes last week due to work . 
  when did the injury happen ? 
  is your condition permanent , or is there some chance for rehabilitation and fixing it ? 
  i 'd also recommend bjj . 
  remember to mention your shoulder injury to your instructor and your training partners . 
  if someone tries to put you in a shoulder lock ( americana , kimura , omoplata , monoplata etc ) , remember to tap out early . 
  also , very important : [ read this article ] ( http://www.functionalselfdefense.org/awareness-prevention ) and start training some running . 
  i 'll try to answer in as a generic way as possible . 
  i 'll ask you the same question . 
  is it ok for you to play a character like that ? 
  do you have a group ( pc or npc ) who 'll actually do some mugging ? 
  how do you plan on being a scoundrel , of creating a story with your outfit , actions , choices , words , emotions , thoughts ? 
  will you still consider that you have had a good time if your character does n't end up having a very long lifespan ? 
  nobody cares much about your background - it 's important to you , and how it affects your play , because that is something that affects everyone . 
  make the play happen . 
  talk to other characters . 
  get involved . 
  escalate the drama . 
  make mistakes . 
  break down in the most inappropriate moment . 
  do n't play a dark and mysterious stranger sulking in a corner somewhere playing cool , because that does n't get you play . 
  safety . 
  physical and emotional safety . 
  adhere to the larp 's principles . 
  respect other players , and make sure you are a safe person to play with . 
  do n't do anything which might be unpleasant to the players without consent . 
  help other characters achieve their goals , and make them look good with your play . 
  that larp changed everything for me , after 16 years of larping - and it was the first one in a nordic tradition which i played . 
  if you 're interested in any details from the article , feel free to ama . 
  i 'm the author and my enthusiasm is still ongoing , 
  ama if you 'd like more details about anything . 
  yes . 
  actually , most of my local larps are totally or at least partially political . 
  search around your location , what is available ? 
  could be some vampire the masquerade games around you . 
  check out [ here ] ( http://www.bynightstudios.com/find-a-game/ ) . 
  hey , i hope it 's still not too late , 
  i spoke a lot with mads , the headmaster of that school this march at portal 5 conference - i was at his presentation , had some drinks with him , and actually he played and enjoyed a short , wacky larp i co-designed within an hour at a workshop . 
  he played a confused grandfather of a family who got possessed by an alien ... but that 's a story for some other time , 
  i ca n't repeat everything he said , but his presentation with some examples is [ here ] ( https://www.dropbox.com/s/sbp4wkdf53m5zz3/mads%20lunau.pdf?dl=0 ) . 
  his email is at the end of it , he 's nice and chatty , i 'm sure he wo n't mind if you contact him . 
  regarding creating larps , that workshop which we did worked great . 
  i wrote [ an article covering it and a sample design process ] ( http://www.crolarper.com/2017/07/creating-quick-larp-in-1-hour.html ) . 
  it had complete noobs prototyping some very playable larps within an hour . 
  wrote [ a bunch of advice several years ago ] ( http://www.crolarper.com/2014/08/these-10-easy-steps-are-all-you-need-to.html ) - it 's a bit out of date , but it should help . 
  remember , safety comes first . 
  play nicely with others , treat them how you wish to be treated , be fair etc. 
  cool , maybe i 'll see you on the battlefield , 
  if you see a black ice with a [ rather unique helmet ] ( http://imgur.com/a/gnzve ) that will be me , 
  have fun , 
  i 've been considering the same in croatia ... if i had enough money to do it :d, 
  make sure you have a way of monetizing the venue during times which are not larp-related . 
  [ fb group link ] ( https://www.facebook.com/groups/151232652105696/ ), 
  i got the core 3 rulebooks ( no sub ) and i 'm very satisfied with service/integration . 
  out of physical products i only own a starter set with lmop plus printed basic , my regular group dm has the core 3 books ... which i 've been planning to buy for a while , but decided to wait for the digital release on beyond . 
  so , while buying books on beyond is `` rebuying to use digital tools '' for some , for those like me it 's a way cheaper and more accessible way to buying these books ( especially while the core rulebook sale lasts ) - with digital tools as a nice bonus . 
  compared to regular books , beyond version seems to have all of them available fully in compendium , with art and everything - smaller than in physical books , but you can click on it to make it bigger . 
  content available in other pages seems to link all the data together , and gives you all the options you have bought . 
  i only tested it during beta for rules lookup ( which was fast and convenient ) , but now i 'm able to fully re-create my characters in character creator . 
  i 'm excited to actually use it in play . 
  i hope that the app comes out soon , but the mobile website is also useful , and mobile readability blows any pdf out of the water . 
  sections are printable , to paper or pdf - although the printed version wo n't have the looks or layout of the regular product . 
  full modules and books are readable in the `` compendium '' section , by chapters as they are in the book . 
  all that stuff is also available in character builder / tools . 
  some books also have cheaper `` compendium '' versions , which is just a digital version of the book without tool integration . 
  some offer parts of content to be used in tools , e.g. 
  certain feats , separate adventures from totyp , etc. 
  i used the beta version for rule lookup , when it was open it was faster compared to the person who had the rulebook in front and knew what to look for and where . 
  works better than insider for my playstyle . 
  but i just bought the books , not using the sub . 
  it still has all the stuff from beta for free .
