worked now . 
  thanks !, 
  much awesome . 
  just take it easy . 
  i 'm new here , just recently registered to reddit and still trying out mining , so i 'm just getting my feet wet and discovering this community . 
  i like it . 
  it 's unique and its ' people are what makes it unique . 
  stay with us . 
  wow !, 
  to the moon . 
  i found out about dogecoin on facebook yesterday , from a random person who mentioned it . 
  in a few hours , i downloaded the client and joined reddit . 
  so i guess facebook marketing also works , 
  much coolness, 
  wow, 
  so shibe, 
  making memes for alternate channels and communities , such as 9gag , tumblr , facebook , g + etc, 
  word of mouth to our friends ( perhaps giving them a paper wallet with some dogecoin as a present ? 
  that would be cool ), 
  mentioning this awesome community , 
  wow, 
  many community, 
  such opportunity, 
  thanks !, 
  thanks !, 
  wow, 
  such hate, 
  much sad, 
  i agree , especially with the last reason mentioned . 
  on my old hardware which is very suboptimal for mining , i get a few coins a day while doing other stuff , nothing more . 
  i get a few tips , i tip a few people and the circle goes on . 
  dogecoin got me into the community , and for me dogecoin is fun and the community is fun . 
  i probably wo n't ever see big numbers , but since they have a tradeable monetary value ( no matter how small at the moment ) , giving them around still feels like something that 's more significant and something that 's fun to do . 
  you can have fun even with small amounts like 5 doge , no other currencies are such fun with so small monetary values . 
  that 's its ' main value to me . 
  its ' profitability is just a bonus ( and the one i 'm unlikely to see in some time ) mainly because it keeps other people interested in it . 
  for small-time users such as me ( not investors or heavy miners ) , it does n't really matter . 
  i also love the fact it 's balanced against btc and interchangable with it . 
  ( it 's interesting to notice that although doge value dropped since yesterday , btc value towards a dollar actually rose a bit . ), 
  so yeah , i 'm staying with doge . 
  there 's a, 
  much wow, 
  in tags below, 
  windows ? 
  if linux , it 's dead simple . 
  just start it in your init script , or run it with the & sign in the end . 
  if you 're using windows , things are a bit more complicated . 
  perhaps a minimized window would be fine for you ? 
  that requires a special shortcut . 
  if not , perhaps `` start / b '' would be satisfactory ? 
  if not , then get nircmd and hide them . 
  or try creating a new service :, 
  first , do you have new drivers ? 
  if you do n't , get them . 
  i 'm using 331.82 , but i 've had issues with older drivers . 
  second , are you using 64 bit or 32 bit version ? 
  try the other one . 
  third , try it without the first couple of switches ( - h 1 - i 1 - l auto ) , and see if it works . 
  if that helps , play with switches a bit to find a configuration that works for you . 
  try the 32 bit version . 
  if it still does n't work , perhaps try another version of cudaminer . 
  you might also try it with the switch :, 
  -- no-autotune, 
  in case it 's autotune that 's crashing it . 
  thanks !, 
  wow, 
  much doge, 
  very beauty, 
  many thanks, 
  wow, 
  such kindness, 
  many doge, 
  very thanks, 
  thanks !, 
  thank you , 
  how long were you mining , and what was your hashrate ? 
  i 've been mining for 2 days ( mostly on cpu at 6kh/s , though i managed to set up gpu yesterday ) and i 'm approaching my 100th mined dogecoin ... 10k seems like a lot of doge from this perspective , 
  wow, 
  many stars, 
  to the moon, 
  such doge, 
  alright , got it running at work , at 0.1 doge now ... 
  btw , two questions :, 
  1 ) there 's a min . 
  1 doge withdrawal ... are there any transaction fees ? 
  2 ) is it working on its ' own pool or is it a member of some bigger , joinable pool ? 
  much thanks . 
  wow, 
  so rich, 
  to the moon, 
  wow, 
  big chance, 
  very rich, 
  many doge, 
  how about this generator ? 
  basically does everything , in a foldable design you can use to hide the public key : http://instadoge.net/paper/, 
  wow, 
  less work, 
  much doge, 
  i found another one .
