  no explicit mentions that they do any tui shou or sparring in class description . 
  teacher seems to be into a lot of prayer , meditation etc. , and looks really thin and almost skeletal . 
  * one yang school , 24 and 108 forms . 
  seems to be affiliated with the `` l'art du chi '' school . 
  once a week , 2 hrs , but at a rather bad time for me . 
  they 're the only ones doing some park training , but only in july and august . 
  the only one listed with a female teacher , who also looks fittest of the bunch . 
  * one school of unknown style , they list the history of yang style , but also mention learning wudang forms . 
  they do have tui shou , and also teach yiquan , and they have the best schedule - taiji is 2x1hr a week , and yiquan is 2x2hr a week . 
  no info about the instructor though . 
  * one school which markets their own martial arts style , including stuff from yang and chen tai chi and qigong , as well as kempo . 
  no info about tui shou . 
  4x1 .5 hr classes a week . 
  teacher is deffo in some woo , and looks fat . 
  * one school which seems practical with least amount of woo , however they focus on wing chun which they supplement with yang taijiquan and yiquan . 
  they do tui shou . 
  teacher seems to have average build . 
  3x2hr classes a week . 
  how do the above sound to you ? 
  any red flags ? 
  anything that i 'm worried about which i should n't be worried about ? 
  there 's gon na be some events tomorrow for world taiji day which i intend to check out ... ( edit : i did , [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/taijiquan/comments/6821lr/bjjer_interested_in_taijiquan/dgwvk4l/ ) 's a report ) . 
  note : these are the only ima schools around , apart from some ki aikido for those who count it . 
  no bagua etc. , only taijiquan and some yiquan . 
  yesterday was the international worker 's day , traditionally a non-working day in my country where we tend to chill with family and friends and do a barbecue . 
  it was a beautiful day , and after a few beers few of us decided to do some grappling for fun . 
  my 1st partner was a guy with no training and 20 lbs lighter than me , but he 's a sporty person . 
  i took his back , and almost rnced him , but his brother decided to join the grapple and headlock me ( with a bad technique though ) . 
  we stopped , `` dude , 1 on 1 please '' . 
  we resumed from the same position , and i actually tapped out because my partner cranked in a nasty thumblock which i did n't expect . 
  i went with his brother ( who 's about 20 lbs lighter than him , and untrained but eager to learn ) to show him a few techniques . 
  i asked him to mount me so i could show him a basic mount escape . 
  he was uncomfortable mounting me . 
  but then another guy mounted me - he 's actually a bjj guy from my club , training for the same amount of time as me ( 6 months ) , but he out-experiences me because he 's done 3 years of wrestling . 
  i outweigh him by 40 lbs , but he 's far far more athletic than i am . 
  i proceed to escape the mount , passing the guard to half-guard top , and i almost finish a choke , when the brother jumps me again doing the same thing as he did before ... `` dude , 1 on 1 , do this again and i 'll throw you '' . 
  anyway , we continue , i apply the choke again but he manages to grab my arm and starts going for kimura . 
  i pass his legs and manage to mount him , but as i did that he slid his other arm under mine , locked in the kimura and i tapped . 
  my third opponent was that brother . 
  he wanted to go from standup , so i double legged him down , he actually managed to get some distance but i got to him , mounted him and finished him with an americana from mount . 
  lessons learned :, 
  * expect the unexpected stuff - especially if you 're not grappling in class , the other people might do some stuff which is not necessarily bjj legal - my thumb is still sore ... 
  * 1vs2 sucks especially if you do n't expect it , even if partners/opponents are untrained, 
  * position before submission , but you can get subbed even in dominant position , i should have sacrificed my position to escape the kimura - gaining the mount does n't magically fix everything, 
  experiencing this stuff nails it down more than reading it i guess . 
  overall , it was quite fun to do some rolling outside of usual gym context . 
  which camp will you be in ? 
  black ice , swarm 1 here . 
  * open the [ beyond website ] ( https://www.dndbeyond.com/ ) in chrome, 
  * tap the three dot button on the top right, 
  * tap `` add to home screen '', 
  * iphone : *, 
  * open the [ beyond website ] ( https://www.dndbeyond.com/ ) in safari, 
  * tap the share button, 
  * tap `` add to home screen '', 
  adding the link in such a way is not an app , but it 's a convenient way to launch a website . 
  currently running lmop , and after that i 'm planing to switch my players to another adventure . 
  so i 'm open to suggestions of which one to run . 
  things to consider :, 
  * my players prefer the more sandbox style of play , and smaller dungeons compared to huge ones . 
  * no out of the abyss . 
  we played it , and totally loved it . 
  actually , we 're still playing it after a year and a half ... ( in another campaign which is dmed by one of my players ) . 
  * we still have a while to reach that point , so toa will already be released by the time we do it ... 
  * regarding the upcoming toa and cos , they seem interesting , but since they 've got lower max level compared to other campaigns , i 'm wondering how they will hold up starting from lvl 5 ? 
  * tftyp content is also under consideration , either by itself or in combo with other campaigns . 
  thanks . 
  so , i decided to write a bit about beyond after putting it to some practical use . 
  if you did too , please share your experience below - if you did n't , maybe this will help you decide whether beyond is for you or not . 
  ( long post ), 
  now personally , i tend to like all things digital compared to paper editions . 
  i 've got extensive pdf collections of some other games ( pathfinder , fate , etc. 
  ) , but the only 5e product i owned so far was a starter set + printed basic . 
  only one friend in the group has the physical core rulebooks , and we 'd usually do the character management before or after sessions . 
  i waited for digital 5e release to purchase it , got into beyond beta and was very excited with it , and bought the 3 core rulebooks on day one , and digital version of lmop + a single background from scag for one of my characters i play in another campaign . 
  i do n't have a subscription . 
  so far i used beyond to :, 
  * reference basic rules while dming and playing on several sessions during beta, 
  * run two sessions of lmop fully using beyond in a mixed paper-beyond using group, 
  * create and manage several characters , and help players do the same, 
  i did n't touch the homebrew section so far . 
  campaign manager is basic , it works . 
  currently it seems to have some issues displaying large pictures on mobile , if you used that . 
  character builder/manager is one of the main draws of beyond . 
  you can create up to 6 of your own characters without sub , or unlimited with a sub . 
  if you 're a dm , you can edit and manage other players ' beyond characters who signed into your campaign , but you ca n't give them items they did n't purchase content for ( unless you have a master sub ) . 
  there 's no ua content available , but some of it will be consolidated/rebalanced in xgta this autumn , so that will be an option ... 
  compared to paper , creating a character from scratch is typically faster on paper - as long as you know the rules well enough , and if you 're at the lower levels . 
  using and customizing the quick or random build however shortens this a lot . 
  and it 's accessible everywhere - i was drinking with a friend in the bar the other night , and we quickly built her a character on my phone . 
  public visibility of characters ( outside of campaign structure ) does not work at the moment , but apparently it 's a planned feature . 
  exporting characters gives you a standard pdf , with one quirk that bothers me - for wizards it only lists prepared spells , not all known spells . 
  that info , although stored in the digital sheet , will not be in the exported one so if you want to include it you 'll have to type it in . 
  exported pdfs are fully editable . 
  digital sheets work excellent , especially on pc or laptop - which might be unwieldy on table . 
  mobile versions have tabbed sections , so sometimes there 's a bit of scrolling to find the info required . 
  the general consensus in my group is that standard paper sheets are faster when you simply need to look up info , but digital ones are superior when it comes to leveling as they quickly recalculate everything and offer all possible options . 
  digital sheets can completely replace the spellbook app , which was heavily used by casters in my group . 
  players from my group are currently using :, 
  * 1 character created and managed in a traditional way - empty paper sheet and pencil,
