  i 'm having a blast at his game , and he 's having a blast at my game . 
  despite style ( and some rule ) differences , we both accept that we play at my table this way , and we play at his table that way . 
  this basic understanding is something that the two of you should talk about . 
  regarding some specific issues :, 
  * mix stats up if that is a problem , or do n't if you feel the only problem is slowing stuff down - all players know something , and some metagaming will always be unavoidable . 
  * attempt to speed up combat for everyone ( e.g. 
  ask your players to ready themselves and plan while out of initiative , roll attack and damage dice at the same time , etc. 
  ) , if he stops to complain about stuff in battle , kindly but firmly ask him to discuss it with you after game because he 's holding up the entire table , and if he still gives you trouble go to the next player and do his turn instead . 
  * playing games on tablet when he 's bored - ok , that 's crap - but is there anything you can do to keep all your players as involved as possible ? 
  * cheesing mechanics - ok , that 's an asshole thing to do , discuss it with him alone . 
  if you 're going wizard , i 'd go full diviner considering your party setup , and it will be less mad . 
  there are 6 of you , you should n't be getting hit much ( and if you do , having a mage armor on and shield spell prepared helps a lot ) . 
  if you 're playing a vuman , you can pick resilient ( con ) at first level - also , cleric having a bless on your party will also help you immensely with your concentration rolls . 
  full sorc is also great . 
  if you do n't plan to blast a lot , also look into lore bard . 
  best face in the game , top skills with rogue , great spell list for what you seem to be going for , inspiration / cutting words / song of rest , you can get fireball with magical secrets at lvl 6 , and you can also be an additional support if it 's needed . 
  hello  it was a bit chaotic this year , but a lot of fun , 
   it occurs to me that to get full benefit from beyond you need to host your adventure fully on the site , with all player characters there and with bought content so that you can fully control all magic items and so forth and i dont think i could get my players to sub there for that . 
  almost . 
  if the gm has all the books on beyond and a master sub , players do n't need to sub or buy anything . 
  if everybody on the table would use beyond , it would work great as a centralized character management solution , saving time on bookkeeping . 
  for me , the main selling point was getting my hands on content + quick access anywhere i go . 
  tools are just a bit extra . 
  still , even considering the way i used them so far , i did save some time and effort - but to the people who already have access to content , the entire package is ... less enticing . 
  i do plan to buy/run a full adventure on beyond after the party finishes lmop though . 
  one good way of test driving beyond 's functionality for free would be to run a basic/srd/eepc-only campaign or a one shot session . 
   if i could use my copies to gain access to their digital content , then i may have subscribed . 
  i 'm really curious if future physical books will provide some codes for digital content . 
  i guess we 'll wait and see . 
  in beyond , they do , whenever i give them access to my pc with beyond site opened . 
  not as cool looking as books , though i guess i could use a cheap tablet and put it on the table for that . 
  agreed . 
  that 's me . 
  agreed . 
  i like to show pics on the big tv i have next to the table , provides some atmosphere . 
  lmop also does n't include player maps . 
   so as somebody that usues pdf 's for other systems , how much would you say does beyond add compared to a simple pdf rulebook ? 
  a lot , and even more on mobile . 
  while pdfs are prettier , finding the content you need is much faster on beyond compared in pdf . 
  website is much faster , there are hyperlinks , and you can use multiple tabs . 
  even if the pdf is fully bookmarked and hyperlinked , they tend to suffer from long load/search times . 
  especially on mobile . 
  in the pfs game i was on , referencing pathfinder core book on my mobile is something that takes a long time compared to using the physical book . 
  when i play 5e , referencing beyond is just as fast or faster than using the physical book . 
  when i run 5e , i have my pc and multiple tabs open so it 's certainly faster . 
  pdfs have some upsides though - they look nicer if you 're reading them cover to cover , you can back them up wherever instead of depending on a service , and they 're cheaper in general . 
   what would be the most defining feature of beyond that puts it above paper/pdf/autocalculating character pdf ? 
  digital sheet which you can use to play instead of the paper one . 
  it tracks your hp , condition , spell casts , usage of per rest abilities , remaining slots , inspiration , item attunements etc. 
  with rules linked so you can look them up . 
  add xp and it reminds you it 's time to level . 
  click on long/short rest , and it automatically does what needs to be done . 
  if both the dm and players are using beyond , dm can check/edit pc sheets and their current status without taking the sheet away from players . 
  yes , among others . 
  i play in person , i ca n't get pdfs legally , and beyond provides me with digital versions ( which i find more usable than pdfs for reasons i explained here ) for cheap . 
  roll20 does n't offer full core book content , and its content is more expensive than for beyond . 
  since i 'm not interested in online play , beyond works better for me . 
  d&d adventurers league has several lvl 1 short adventures which take about an hour to play , although they could probably be rushed with adequate prep . 
  they 're also typically tied to the major storylines , so you can use them as an intro to another campaign as well . 
  check out the stuff from :, 
  * [ season 1 ] ( http://www.dmsguild.com/product/170384/ddex101-defiance-in-phlan-5e ), 
  * [ season 2 ] ( http://www.dmsguild.com/product/170386/ddex201-city-of-danger-5e ), 
  * [ season 3 ] ( http://www.dmsguild.com/product/170493/ddex301-harried-in-hillsfar-5e ), 
  * [ season 4 ] ( http://www.dmsguild.com/product/177576/ddal401-suits-of-the-mists-5e ), 
  * [ season 5 ] ( http://www.dmsguild.com/product/189132/ddal0501-treasure-of-the-broken-hoard-5e ), 
  each pack has 5 mini-adventures , i ran the first one from the first set and it was well received - though my party likes to rp and explore , so it took them about an hour and a half in total . 
  so i guess your completion time would also depend on the playstyle of your players . 
  edit : now i noticed you were looking for the free stuff . 
  dmsguild also has some free / pay what you want adventures for low level . 
  i did n't run thundertree yet , but i 'm about to - my players will probably reach it next session . 
  here 's a setup i 'm planning for it :, 
  * while in phandalin , the party overheard a traveler who saw a green dragon in the distance , killing and eating some wildlife . 
  * one of the pcs is actually from thundertree , and wants to see it rid of monsters . 
  * another pc is a druid with a quest to get reidoth to return back to their druid circle for some meeting - but she 's too unimportant to know what sort of a meeting ( possible tie in to the next adventure ) . 
  * reidoth is also trying to figure out where the twig blights came from , and in his posession he has fruit from the gulthias tree ( tie in to the sunless citadel which i placed nearby , my players are still at lvl 3 so it 's another chance to exp up since they 're arriving straight from phandalin after clearing out redbrands ) . 
  * instead of favric , cultists will be run by his lover - one of the characters missing sister ( a dragonborn - favric will remain human ) . 
  this should make for some intense family drama , as she 'll try to talk him into joining while sacrificing the rest of the party to venomfang ... 
  ... or just cast [ barkskin ] ( https://www.dndbeyond.com/spells/barkskin ) which you can already prepare . 
  yeah , it 's a bit lower duration than mage armor , and requires concentration , but still you can still use it . 
  and recast it . 
  if you 're a land druid , you should n't be getting hit that often . 
  but if you do want to boost your survivability , magic initiate : wizard with shield spell would also work great . 
  for self sufficiency , you could also consider wizard 's find familiar - although , if you wish to take it , ritual caster might be a better option , opening you to the wide variety of wizard rituals . 
  one note though - if you do get mage armor , it stacks with the shield , so you probably should n't get rid of it ... 
  i see that you 're attracted to the archdruid - are you sure you 'll make it to lvl 20 in the campaign ? 
  this might be about a year down the line or so ... 
  so i will suggest some multiclass splashes which will boost your self-sufficiency up high , as long as you have the attribute prerequisites . 
  * wizard 1 - more cantrips , mage armor , splash , find familiar , rituals and you keep up with the spell slot progression . 
  * wizard 2 - if you go diviner , portent is as good as a lvl 20 ability . 
  hands down . 
  * warlock 2 - more cantrips , spell slots which return on short rests , hex , armor of agathys , and unlimited mage armor invocation with armor of shadows + one more invocation . 
  fey pact for druid-friendly flavor , or goo for telepathy . 
  * warlock 3 - add tome for more cantrips and all the rituals , including ff . 
  * sorcerer 1 - more cantrips , shield , no need for mage armor if you go draconic and you keep up with the spell slot progression . 
  * sorcerer 3 - metamagic !, 
  subtle will give you a weaker version of the archdruid * now * , and you get another one for more versatility . 
  * bard 3 ( lore ) - you become a skill god with extra proficiency , jack of all trades , expertise and bardic inspiration - especially when you add guidance which you already have . 
  plus cutting words , song of rest and spell slot progression . 
  * monk 1 - 3 - 1 gives you unarmored defense and martial arts , 2 makes you faster and unlocks ki giving you a * lot * of uses for your bonus action when you need them , 3 gives you deflect missiles and a tradition ( shadow would be most versatile in this build ) . 
  no , not at this level .
