  he 's also one of the local roasters i mentioned in other replies , so he 's on my list to visit , 
  yeah , main station cafes ( bus and train ) are typically horrible . 
  thanks :d, 
  we 're multiplying :d, 
  that 's good info , thanks  did n't know about them , i only knew about eli 's and teneo . 
  to be honest , i 've never seen anyone make it that way . 
  the guy has beautiful ( and expensive ) specialized gear and is quite a showman . 
  but i 'm not sure who does it that way ... perhaps someone in bosnia who owns a traditional kit and wants to impress others , that would be my guess . 
  we mostly do it [ like this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uzafmai-85u ) . 
  there 's no need to make it overly complex , it 's just coffee and water . 
  [ here 's a photo of my pot ] ( https://lh4.googleusercontent.com/-j2zocnmtsom/vlbkboylgei/aaaaaaaahum/rg8uwpqddq0/w958-h539-no/20150109_223734.jpg ) . 
  it cost me maybe $ 8 or so ( that 's my electric kettle in the background ) . 
  but literally any pot with a handle should do fine - the worst thing that could happen to you is that you are left with a bit less of that top cream . 
  you do need a fine grind though , like / u/kbergstr mentioned . 
  coffee should be powdery like flour for turkish coffee , finer than espresso grind . 
  they sell it pre-ground that way here , but that might be hard to find where you live . 
  if you do n't have a grinder that 's fine enough for that , you can probably use mortar and pestle instead . 
  i 'll try it if i get cardamom ... it 's not usually a regular part of our cuisine . 
  pozdrav i hvala lijepa  myself , i 've never been to either bosnia or serbia . 
  but there are plenty of good cafes in zagreb , and on the coast as well . 
  thanks , 
  europe is not a singular culture . 
  what i wrote is valid for croatia , and nearby areas . 
  turkish coffee is less popular in central , western or northern europe . 
  moka pots ( and home espresso machines ) are much more popular in italy . 
  germany has plenty of drip coffee from what i 've seen . 
  we also have coffee-related culture shocks when we travel around , 
  i put coffee in my cesve , and then pour boiling water over it ( that i 've heated in my kettle ) , then mix it and bring it on stove until it raises . 
  nothing gets boiled in electric kettle except water . 
  i 've had some friends who learned that the hard way when they tried it with milk . 
  you 're welcome , glad you liked it , 
  fun fact : you can say `` let 's have a coffee '' , order a beer instead , and nobody 's gon na look at you funny . 
  unless it 's very early in the morning . 
  however , around here cafes are social places - they 're ( usually ) not night clubs or fast food outlets . 
  you go there to hang out with people . 
  whether you order a coffee , tea , beer , cola or whatever else they 're serving , you 'll be expected to sip it for a long time while you talk with others around the table ( unlike in italy , the price is the same whether you drink at a bar or sit down ) . 
  thanks , 
  afaik , in bosnia , some people are using it . 
  some people are only having them as ornaments . 
  few people outside bosnia have it . 
  i think the problem is in the measurement system . 
  our cups are usually rather small  if you have big cups , you obviously need more coffee . 
  that 's coffee with cream , and yeah it 's pretty much common . 
  the regular cafe variant is typically espresso which usually has cream they make themselves , with a bit of rum and stuff . 
  homemade versions are typically turkish coffee with a spoonfull of pre-made frozen cream dropped in , usually [ this product ] ( http://www.ledo.hr/datastore/imagestore/size_395_231/size_395_231_1346692412076641_slag_k-2202.jpg ) . 
  perhaps that 's what you had , 
  you 're welcome , 
  mine 's usually 1 to 1.5 dl , so i end up doing approximately one ( heaping ) tablespoon per dl . 
  never tried adding honey to coffee or milk ... but we often drink it in tea . 
  summer would not be the same without ice cream . 
  life would not be the same without coffee . 
  it 's sort of popular , but it 's not everywhere , you 'll find the cream version in most cafes , but the version with the frozen cream is pretty much strictly homemade , 
  however , a lot of seaside ice cream / cake bars ( `` slasti\u010darna '' ) also have something on menu called `` icecaffe '' . 
  it 's basically coffee with ice cream , topped with whipped cream and often chocolate sauce . 
  lovely stuff . 
  you 're welcome  i know a few other bits from nearby countries :, 
  i 've been to italy - their cafe bar culture is sort of similar to ours , but they drink their coffee much faster . 
  a lot of people stand at the bar instead of sitting , because the pricing differs . 
  later in the day , most people just do espresso shots or macchiato , stuff with a lot of milk is usually reserved for breakfast coffee . 
  i 've been to austria . 
  wonderful looking cafes in vienna , and the cafe culture is probably closer to the one in croatia than italian one . 
  the most popular cafes also have cakes . 
  their version of macchiato was called brauner , but for some reason i did n't like the coffee there that much - the best coffee i had in vienna was actually in a small italian bar . 
  cakes are awesome though . 
  these come from my limited experience in other countries ... but i 'd love to hear full stories too . 
  i 'd avoid anything instant if possible . 
  you just ca n't play around with instant to get anything . 
  with real coffee , you can play with extraction methods , temperature , steeping time etc. 
  to get the most out of what you have . 
  it 's not so different from the cafes in several american sitcoms , such as friends . 
  on the other hand , we have less `` social '' restaurant scene than in usa . 
  eating out is considered expensive , and sort of a luxury ( well , except for fast food ) . 
  apart from sometimes grabbing a pizza or something , we rarely go out for lunch or dinner with our friends . 
  so socially , we have our cafes for that instead . 
  hmm ... would you believe that 's a local slang word from that area which i actually did n't know and had to google ? 
  watching people . 
  that 's also a reason , especially when you 're in the city 's most popular and walked-through area . 
  thanks !, 
  i should totally save these posts and demand my shill money from local tourist agencies and boards . 
  actually , that road is less traveled these days ( unless people are specifically visiting plitvice or one of the smaller places in the way ... or trying to save some money ) . 
  the motorway had taken most of the traffic between zagreb and split . 
  personally , i like those roads too . 
  much better sights to be seen around which are not road/bridges/rock . 
  interesting !, 
   in croatia , we usually bring coffee ( but smaller quantities , 175-250 grams ) and a bottle of wine . 
  i do n't think i 've seen sugar cubes in quite a while . 
  turkish delights are awesome . 
  instead of that , in some places in croatia you 'll get a cookie or a small chocolate to go with that coffee . 
  it 's usually the higher end cafes that do that . 
  third-era balmora , morrowind . 
  you 're welcome , and thank you for the comment , 
  nope . 
  around here , it 's just not drunk this way . 
  i tried it with cinnamon once ( because i read it somewhere on the internet ) but i did n't like it much . 
  cardamom is a rather exotic spice , not usually a part of our cuisine . 
  by 4e05 , i 'd already retire to some nice coastal town in iliac bay . 
  to me , apart from the coffee itself , a coffee shop 's location , decor , cleanliness , music they play , comfort , personnel and pricing are huge factors in how often will i visit it , 
  in my area ( croatia , but several other countries around as well ) , cafes usually have coffee from a certain brand or a producer ( e.g. 
  illy , lavazza , segafredo , julius meinl , franck , barcaffe etc. ), 
  and they display that sign prominently somewhere .
