  * i met several people acting tough and pretending to be invincible , true - some of them were asian as well ; yet none of them were practicioners of any martial art which trains with some aliveness , or spars regularly . 
  everyone i met who sparred regularly was quite realistic about their abilities, 
  we 're closed next week . 
  gon na do cycling and some bodyweight training instead . 
  shoot him with a gun , then chill off with tessen . 
  or have some of his buddies take out the naginata wielder from back or flanks . 
  your weight loss was probably quicker than your skin had a chance to adjust , so it should tighten up by itself as time passes . 
  also , do you work out and how ? 
  home ? 
  gym ? 
  some activities ? 
  as a general rule , upper body workout should help with that . 
  if you have no access to gym , i recommend the 100 pushups challenge . 
  strengthening your pecs should certainly help . 
  others already gave you plenty of good advice . 
  so i hope i can add some more :, 
  * weight loss is about 80 % food , 20 % workout . 
  eating less will also help you save some money . 
  * how long is your commute ? 
  if it 's not that far away , you might consider using a bicycle instead of driving . 
  depending on the distance and traffic it might be even faster . 
  it 's basically free exercise while you get to and from work . 
  * consider packing your lunch instead of eating out . 
  this will help you keep track of calories , as well as financially . 
  * running is a great calorie burner . 
  check out couch to 5k program . 
  * play with your kids !, 
  mine enjoy when i lift them , spin them , swing them etc. 
  it makes for some great bonding and keeps you active . 
  they also like to copy me when i do pushups etc. 
  what equipment ( if any ) does he have already ? 
  you ca n't make espresso without equipment for it . 
  if you do n't know whether he can use the pods , my suggestions is do n't buy them . 
  if something like a [ moka pot ] ( https://www.amazon.com/dp/b0000cf3q6 ) would be in your budget , it 's a cheap way to make some espresso-like coffee on stovetop . 
  you can find plenty of stuff online which can still deliver in time for christmas . 
  since you mentioned tassimo , i presume you 're in uk ? 
  if you want a coffee you can brew with a press of the button , then your options are a bit limited . 
  you either try another pod machine ( who knows ? 
  you might like dolce gusto or nespresso more than tassimo , but certainly try before you buy ) , or go for a superautomatic espresso machine , which is pricier . 
  `` bean to cup '' machines might refer either to drip brew machines or superautomatic espresso machines . 
  you want an espresso machine ( or something similar to it ) in order to make lattes and flat whites , so if you go that route make sure it 's a superautomatic . 
  these can get pricey though - cheap ones might not get you results which are better than pod machines . 
  and they require more maintenance than pod machines . 
  if you 're willing to put in slightly more work , i recommend buying a [ decent starting grinder ] ( https://www.amazon.co.uk/dp/b00525xkl4 ) , and either a [ moka pot ] ( https://www.amazon.co.uk/d/p5u/b0019m4h16/ ) or an [ aeropress ] ( https://www.amazon.co.uk/dp/b00wsmaw38 ) , both of which can produce a concentrated espresso-like coffee which you can use for lattes and flat whites . 
  moka pot goes on your stove , aeropress takes hot water from your kettle . 
  while it brews you can warm up some milk and use a simple [ frother ] ( https://www.amazon.co.uk/dp/b00vk35z4w ) . 
  get good quality beans and you can make better coffee than any pod machine and most superautos , at 10 % of the price for a decent superauto , with cheaper price per cup compared to tassimo discs . 
  how good is your tap water ? 
  if it 's high quality and not too hard , then perhaps the water filter wo n't do as much for you . 
  if it 's bad , has a funny smell or taste , or very hard , then it 's probably a good idea to use it . 
  as a fresh white belt , my game is trying to survive , gain position and finish using those few basic techniques which i can pull in a not-completely-laughable manner . 
  sometimes it even works . 
  yup . 
  i 'm in a similar situation as you ( high on the normal part of bmi scale ) , and around most people i ca n't even mention i 'd like to lose some weight . 
  i 'm usually met with :, 
  a ) people mentioning that weight loss is a `` girl thing '' , and i 'm a guy , so why the heck would i do it . 
  b ) people bigger than me getting outright insulted - because if i say i need to lose weight myself , what do i think of them ? 
  c ) both . 
  so i just shut up and kept doing my own thing . 
  just checked out that machine . 
  would not recommend . 
  it does have fancy , programmable options - but it has a thermoblock , not a boiler ( so the water temperature can vary a lot ) , 15 bar pump , plastic body , and a frother which you ca n't use manually ... and costs as much as a semiauto machine + ok grinder which will produce proper espresso . 
  considering the parts used , it 's really only slightly better than a pod machine ( for including a grinder , of questionable quality ) , and costs several times as much . 
  aeropress can be used to make coffee of several different styles ... [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hdhruwvevrg ) one is decent for a latte . 
  but of course , beans and grinder are also * very * important . 
  i 'd pay for a game if it was dmed by mike mearls , jeremy crawford , or some of the wotc 's writers . 
  other than that , i 'd chip in for books , materials , share snacks and give a lift home to anyone who 'd need it . 
  so far we both like it , but she prefers outdoor exploration / socializing to dungeon crawls . 
  we 'll see how second session goes , 
  good points there . 
  good points . 
  could work , 
  i 've been training shorinji kempo for slightly over a year , and bjj for a few months . 
  now i train them both , since both are in the same club which is a students club so it 's very cheap , and i have two classes back to back . 
  our bjj group is simply amazing . 
  great guys ( and gals ) , very friendly and casual environment - possibly the best of any martial art group i 've been a part of , ever . 
  we 're a branch of roger gracie academy , which is headquartered in london . 
  our guys also win the local comps . 
  for the first few months , we 've been doing mostly ground work , with a tiny bit of standup . 
  we 've also been shown a few things which are not not comp legal , but they 're usable in mma and/or self-defense situation , but these have not been our focus . 
  our kempo group is a bit ... weird . 
  our teacher is great and very traditional , but what we 're learning seems to be somewhat different than what i found on internet about shorinji kempo , so ymmv . 
  i like that we 're basically covering all the bases , and to be honest it 's one martial art which i actually applied in my life - a few months ago i had a nasty fall and i managed to get out of it injury-free because i instinctively used one of the breakfall techniques we learned and drilled pretty hard . 
  regarding effectiveness , i did some friendly grappling sparring a few times - with my kempo , last spring i managed to outgrapple a krav maga friend who 's stronger and in better shape than me 3 times out of 4 ( though i think it would 've been the other way around if we sparred striking ) . 
  with only a few months of bjj i can outgrapple most people on my kempo class who have n't trained bjj or other forms of grappling , even those with several more years of experience than me in the system . 
  never sparred striking , and i 'm still a sucky whitebelt in my bjj class . 
  i like both arts , and i plan to keep training both of them . 
  bjj for its ' effectiveness ( and lots of rolling , which is fun ) , and kempo for its ' wide coverage of all the bases . 
  however , i train less often than i would like ( and sometimes i skip weeks ) due to work and family ... 
  the other arts i tried :, 
  * grappling - there 's a group in my club which does `` grappling '' , basically a combination of wrestling and no-gi bjj with more of a standup focus . 
  trained a few months , switched to the bjj group when they switched schedules . 
  brilliant group , comp-oriented , very hardcore training . 
  * shotokan karate - trained it a bit when i was a kid , in two clubs . 
  one was very traditional and kata-oriented , the other was very sparring and comp oriented . 
  not bad , but i like all the above mentioned arts more . 
  * wing tzun ( ebmas ) - there was some nice stuff there , but overall i prefered all of the above . 
  * aikido - nice philosophy , but the dojos i 've tried did n't provide me the physical challenge i wanted ... 
  and some weapon-based arts , if you count those :, 
  * kyudo - japanese kata-based archery , did it for 2 months ... not really comparable to anything else , and the challenge was more mental than physical .
