  my group was ... very weird , and i did n't like the vibes . 
  * kenjutsu ( hyoho niten ichi ryu ) - swordplay , training and people were simply amazing , very traditional but family-like atmosphere . 
  i miss it , but i ca n't currently schedule it . 
  we do some kenjutsu on our kempo classes once a week , but it does not compare to the training i had there . 
  i hope this helps . 
  anyways , i would highly recommend bjj . 
  raw , the only thing that could permanently change your race is the true polymorph spell , which is a lvl 9 spell . 
  you 'd only switch physical characteristics ( you 'd lose two +1 s from your variant human , and gain +1 int , +2 cha , darkvision and fire resistance ) , you would n't lose any feats , and you 'd revert if you hit 0 hp . 
  the only thing which could actually duplicate the effects you got would be a very risky wish spell . 
  if he considers it a curse , it should be removable by remove curse - a 3rd level spell castable by clerics , wizards , warlocks and paladins . 
  at least one of those should be present almost anywhere . 
  did you get a saving throw by the way ? 
  intelect devourers - well , that just sucks . 
  but then again any dm should understand that you 're coming there to play , not to stare at the wall . 
  losing control of your character sometimes happens , but nobody should expect that you 'll just stare at the wall for most of the session . 
  that 's just shitty behavior towards a player . 
  you can do that at home without having to watch everybody else having fun . 
  checked out your convo . 
  it 's not just `` something bad happening '' , ** it 's you being denied any form of participating in the game ** except mumbling . 
  i suggest that you try to talk to dm maybe one more time , perhaps be clear about the issue and ask to have something to play or do on the session , whatever . 
  because if you do n't , you 're clearly wasting your time . 
  if the dm refuses , abandon ship . 
  that 's like ... 4 stats at 10 and 2 at 8 ? 
  how many stats do other players have ? 
  standard array / point buy is not `` for power gamers '' - it 's actually statistically just below rolled 4d6 drop one average . 
  it is , however , very consistent - some decent stats , some bad , a few mediocre . 
  it produces characters which are neither overpowered nor crappy . 
  as such , it 's very useful for planning and comparison . 
  as a dm , i use it ( and similar systems in other rpgs ) because it provides for a balanced party - it eliminates `` stat jealousy '' on the table , and some players feeling their characters are relatively useless for the duration of the campaign because they rolled badly . 
  as a player , it allows me ( as well as other players ) to fully stat and build a character beforehand instead of on the session , and therefore it only uses my time , and makes for a much faster first session with a character instead of hogging dm 's and other people 's time . 
  i would build a martial-focused jedi as an open hand monk - make it a variant human and grab the magic initiate feat for green-flame blade ( for that lightsaber ) , mage hand ( for some force manipulation ) , and a first level spell of your choice - thunderwave would be cool as a mass force push , but your save dcs wo n't be spectacular , same with charm person for that old jedi mind trick ; on the other hand - jump , longstrider , shield and protection from good/evil are solid in-character choices which do n't depend on your save dc . 
  you 'll be able to fight unarmored , move fast ( and even faster using step of the wind ) , and reposition your enemies with flurry of blows at lvl 3 ( not quite force push , but it works ) . 
  after reaching level 5 ( for 2 attacks ) , i 'd look into getting 3 levels in cleric ( knowledge domain ) - this will get your character useful buffs , domain spells which mimic some jedi abilities , and access to a lot of knowledge and skills that jedi are known for . 
  i 'd build a martial-focused sith as a tempest cleric . 
  see above for the feat . 
  i 'd take cleric levels until level 9 , and then continue as a fighter and spec into eldritch knight . 
  for a more social/force-oriented jedi or sith , i 'd go warlock ( blade pact ) / sorcerer . 
  or other way around . 
  never had the chance to play a warlock , and i thought the same - warlocks are cool !, 
  however , recently i had a chance to dm a game ( with a single player , who was a warlock ) and ... 
  i saw the downsides . 
  what others are mentioning . 
  limited number of spell slots is very limiting . 
  if short rests are in a short supply , a level 10 warlock will have as many spell slots as any other 1st level caster ( though more power , of course ) . 
  warlock spell list is nothing to be too excited about - a wizard can do all that stuff better , have more spells when it 's needed , and have more options to choose from . 
  where warlock excels is :, 
  * consistent damage - agonizing ( and potentially repelling ) eldritch blast is strictly better than other cantrips , especially paired with hex which is very slot friendly , as hex lasts you for a long time . 
  you might not have much burst damage when it 's needed , but you 'll be able to outperform other casters on both short and easy fights ( when they 'll be reluctant to blow their slots ) and on extra long fights ( when they 'll run out of slots ) . 
  repelling blast can also push your enemies off the cliffs , into the fire , inside an area-of-effect spell cast by some other caster ( or your hunger of hadar , but you ca n't use it at the same time as hex ) , or simply away from you and other squishies . 
  * chain pact with voice of the chain master - you can get an imp which is an awesome invisible scout , aid , provides you a lot of rp opportunities , and you can use it as an invisible general for your summons while you 're safe in some other place . 
  perfect . 
  * tome pact with book of ancient secrets - extra cantrips and makes you the best ritual caster in game , as long as you can find the ritual spells you need - vastly increasing your and your party 's options ( if you have the time to perform the ritual ) . 
  also , you can get a regular familiar with it . 
  yay !, 
  warlocks can work well with other casters , as they basically cover each others ' weaknesses . 
  they 're also great with fighters and monks , who are also short rest dependent for their abilities . 
  i currently play a cleric in the game i play in , but i 'll be sure to give warlock a go at some point . 
  the first part of lmop is very linear . 
  ambush , tracking , and a simple dungeon . 
  it 's basically a straightforward newbie experience you 're looking for - it only branches out once you reach phandalin , so it should be ok . 
  this requires no conversion . 
  if you wish to convert bb , there 's also a mini-monster manual at the end of lmop , and there 's a list of free monsters at [ wotc site ] ( http://dnd.wizards.com/products/tabletop/dm-basic-rules ) . 
  you should be able to add something with an appropriate challenge rating . 
  in the game i currently play in , we have a `` gamer 's boyfriend '' issue , a reversal of the familiar trope already posted here ( especially considering my group has a girl majority ) . 
  he plays only because his girlfriend plays , and he plays a big stupid fighter . 
  literally . 
  he 's a goliath champion . 
  although our party could really use a decent fighter , he is often useless because he chooses to go in another direction . 
  we turn right , `` oh i split and go left to check out that corridor and search for stuff to kill '' . 
  killing stuff is the only thing he likes , and he does n't do that well either - even in situations when he 's with us , we get practically zero synergy , tactics , positioning or whatever from him . 
  he ignores most of the role-play and character development happening , and on top of that he often skips games because he does n't feel like coming . 
  so his contribution to the party could be summarized as `` occasional additional damage in battle '' and that 's it . 
  do n't kill your players op !, 
  kill their characters :o, 
  lost mine of phandelver from the starter set is an excellent choice , especially for new players . 
  if you 're looking for longer adventures , i 've only played out of the abyss and i think it 's beyond amazing - probably the best campaign i ever played . 
  then again , it could be somewhat alien and unforgiving for new players ... 
  it 's a full adventure for lvl 1-5 . 
  the first chapter is similar to one-shot linear game with a small dungeon , but from then on it expands to be sandboxy , with multiple points of interest . 
  if you play weekly , it should last you a few months . 
  since it ends at lvl 5 , you could easily connect it with another adventure . 
  there 's actually one point in the adventure which is directly intended to link to characters ' next adventure . 
  the starter set is half the price of a full hardcover adventure , and you also get a short copy of basic rules useful for passing around the table , a very nice set of dice ( though without d % ) , and five pre-generated characters with personal histories and quests linked with the adventure . 
  would recommend . 
  my group has been playing out of the abyss for 9 months now , on average 1 session per two weeks . 
  we 're about 1/4 through the adventure , but we do plenty of extra rp along the way . 
  thanks !, 
  it would seem my character is still legal ( half-orc cleric of asmodeus ) , though its original faction ( cheliax ) seems to have been auto-converted to dark lodge on web . 
  clw wand seems like an incredible value for the money ... or prestige points . 
  thanks for the tips !, 
  i 'll bring something to represent my character . 
  thanks  i 'm not all about the crunch ( i would n't call myself thoroughly familiar with the rules ... that would take some playing time ) , i just want to avoid playing an outright bad character - but from other things mentioned here , seems i should be able to do fine . 
  create pressure on them . 
  make them fear for their characters lives . 
  in the end , let them go ... barely . 
  i have an example which i ran today , though it might be offtopic as it was not in d&d - it was in a vtm larp which i 'm a gm of , and while not gming i 'm playing a character which i basically ran as an npc . 
  today a few of us switched from larp to tabletop mode to run a short adventure - suffice it to say , players basically walked into a trap - my character was with them , but at that point i was running it as npc while making them take all important decisions . 
  there were several big fights - constant ones . 
  there was a chase scene which ended badly . 
  a hard fight where people barely survived - and another hard fight after that .
