  inverted rows and pull-up negatives will make you stronger and closer to achieving a pull-up . 
  losing body weight will also help you a lot ( since you 'll have less weight to pull up ) . 
  to make inverted rows easier , play with the angle . 
  good luck and be persistant !, 
  i just did my first pull up month and a half ago at the age of 31 , so you can do it too , 
  i weigh myself every day , but i only log it weekly on mfp . 
  if helped me eat less . 
  this helped me lose weight . 
  regular workouts ensured that most of that weight loss came from fat . 
  you can do a lot of stuff with dumbbells ... if you have big enough dumbbells . 
  otherwise , you are likely to quickly outgrow them , especially for big compound movements like deadlifts , squats , rows etc. 
  also check out / r/bodyweightfitness recommended routine , that 's what i use ( since outgrowing dumbbells that i have at home ) . 
  in that case , just shift one of your regular meals to be after your workout instead of where it used to be and you 're set . 
  3x a week ? 
  you should be fine , plenty of time to recover . 
  in that case , i would not recommend them . 
  the issue with these programs is that they are too hard for someone who is just starting to exercise . 
  they are also very heavy on conditioning side . 
  unless you 're already in a good shape , they will leave you drained of energy and very hungry - creating a regime that is hard to sustain . 
  also , 80 % of p90x and insanity results is in their nutrition guides , not their workouts . 
  if you want to lose weight , diet takes priority over the exercises you do . 
  it 's a much bigger factor , and you ca n't out-exercise a bad diet . 
  check out the wiki and faq . 
  about 1 kg usually . 
  yeah , the big thing in if is a single long period of not eating . 
  how about this 4 day cycle instead , based on your program ? 
  * day 1 : add ohp , move lunges to day 2, 
  * day 2 : remove press ups , do those lunges instead, 
  * day 3 : remove press ups , do lat raise instead , add deadlifts, 
  * day 4 : rest or light stretch, 
  repeat on following days . 
  this should help you recover better . 
  if you want to gain some lean body mass , you can do cut/bulk cycles : after you reached your desired weight ( and a bit under it ) , eat at maintenance for 2 weeks , and then switch to eating a few hundred cals over your maintenance . 
  this will add some muscle , but also some fat . 
  go over your desired weight , then switch to cut cycle again . 
  done right ( with strength exercises and good nutrition ) , each cycle should result in a net increase of your lean body mass and reduction of body fat percentage , until you 're very fit . 
  there 's plenty more info at / r/fitness - check the wiki there for more info, 
  sounds fine to me . 
  when you start your weight loss you will lose a lot of weight initially , that 's typically water weight that you lose due to reduced sodium intake . 
  it should stabilize and slow down soon , but it will come back very quickly if you eat a lot of sodium in a day . 
  it 's hard to say without program specifics ( check out / r/fitness wiki for that ) , but it will probably work well if you do follow that cutting diet . 
  do n't expect decent gains on a cut , it 's better to drop weight ( under your goal ) , then do a good bulk , then cut again . 
  i used to drink coffee with milk and sugar , now i switched to unsweetened black coffee . 
  it 's amazing how fast someone can switch . 
  first few times you do n't like it ( but it still gives you the caffeine kick ) , and then you suddenly realize you prefer it black . 
  it 's the same stuff you 've been drinking before , minus all the sugar and fat . 
  i ca n't drink coffee with sugar anymore , it tastes too sweet now ... like coffee and some sugar sludge . 
  i can still drink it with milk , but i do that only when the coffee itself is bad . 
  i 'm motivated by the results i get . 
  seeing a new number pop up on scale or one of my fitness tracker works like sort of a high score to me . 
  but i 'm often not motivated a lot . 
  however , eating less and working out is already my lifestyle . 
  i 've done it enough times in the past few months it 's become a habit . 
  even when i 'm not motivated , it feels somehow strange and empty not to work out , or to go way over my calories . 
  so my advice would be : make it a habit . 
  make it just something you decided to do . 
  uncouple your emotions from it , and just do it - like you know you have to sleep , go to work etc. , allow good eating habits just become the part of who you are . 
  i 'm fine with advice designed to get me ripped . 
  i mean , i do want to get ripped . 
  but you do n't just wake up one morning and discover hey , i 'm ripped now . 
  it 's a process , and in today 's society we value time and efficiency . 
  getting ripped is about getting your bodyfat low , and getting some strength and muscle mass . 
  the same basic principles apply everywhere , and in the process of getting ripped you will arrive at the point when you 're not ripped and at healthy body weight . 
  if that is what you want , you can simply stop there . 
  if all i want to drive in my car is 80mph , i wo n't mind the fact that the car goes up to 120 . 
  regarding slower or faster cardio : slower burns more percentage of calories from fat , but faster burns more calories overall , and therefore burns more fat . 
  so your activity levels seem to be very good , do n't think you need to change your routine . 
  it 's very likely that you 're eating your calories back , so what you should do is go on a cut . 
  get a food scale and log what you eat , i suggest myfitnesspal . 
  go at a 1000 cal deficit , if you work hard you should be able to keep your muscles while melting away your fat . 
  hi , 6 kg kettlebell wo n't do much besides helping you learn the moves . 
  be sure to check out / r/bodyweightfitness / - their recommended routine can be done indoors . 
  the best fix for the heat wave is going to a beach :d, 
  to lose weight , it would be best to track what you eat . 
  myfitnesspal is what i use for tracking , it has a large food database . 
  plenty of stuff from italian supermarkets is in it too , 
  inverted rows and negative pull-ups ( just do the lowering phase of a pull-up ) . 
  that did it for me . 
  it can work for you , as long as you also eat at a deficit . 
  eat less to lose weight . 
  check the wiki on the sidebar , it has all you need to know answered . 
  not actually eating at a deficit . 
  people plateau if they keep their intake and exercise constant , while their tdee drops . 
  you wo n't plateau if you keep your deficit constant ( rather than your intake ) . 
  a good plan would also depend on where you live , as different parts of the world can have very different availability , prices of certain foods , etc. 
  my advice would be , get a food scale and log your foods into mfp . 
  also check out / r/nutrition - they have some simple and cheap recipes linked in the sidebar . 
  yeah , upper body workouts that put no strain on his foot should work . 
  but for his foot , heed the doctor 's advice . 
  your primary tool should be weight loss . 
  workouts such as bench press , pull ups , dips and push ups will help with the aesthetics of the area . 
  cool stats !, 
  we 're actually at the same bmi . 
  are you losing weight at the moment ? 
  if not , how long have you stalled for ? 
  did your chest/waist/hip measurements remain the same ? 
  ok , first of all do n't panic . 
  one week is not hitting a plateau . 
  the weight naturally fluctuates a bit due to hormons , and one week is too short to determine if your weight loss is actually stalling . 
  your muscles might be retaining a bit more water due to sodium content of your food or due to being sore .
