  much receive -  sign message . 
  thanks !, 
  i set up azure free trial too . 
  i laughed ... but it 's really not cool . 
  funny stuff goes on funny sites . 
  keep wikipedia professional . 
  i disagree regarding the practicality of a unit . 
  in 18th century , similar situation was in place with pound sterling - annual income for lower and middle class families was somewhere around several tens of pounds a year . 
  this makes it very similar to where bitcoin is now . 
  if the price goes up , you could easily switch to a smaller unit of currency , such as satoshis . 
  same coffee would cost you 300,000 satoshis ( at 1 btc = $ 1000 ) , which is actually comparable to some devalued currencies . 
  or 3 mbtc , which has been popular lately due to the fact it resembles a dollar . 
  with electronic currency , it hardly matters . 
  heck , if doge drops to 30 satoshi that would make 10k doge for a coffee . 
  also a manageable currency . 
  however , in short and mid term , doge simply needs the btc to survive . 
  btc has really done the most in becoming the most widely recognized and used crypto currency , as an actual alternative to money . 
  doge has done remarkable stuff in this short period , but it still has a long way to go - and most importantly , it partially depends on the bitcoin for that . 
  btc is traded in fiat . 
  doge is traded in btc . 
  i believe if there 's any competition , it competes more with litecoin than with bitcoin . 
  what happens in long term ? 
  one of the most important things to me is that doge is fun and usable now , without huge farms ... 
  if it turns out profitable one day , even better . 
  but to me it is worthwhile even now - i do n't have to wait for it to beat btc , or even usd for that . 
  i expect to see multiple crypto currencies in use . 
  several dominant ones , probably based around different economical principles for different purposes ( e.g. 
  unlimited supply currency , demurrage currency etc. ), 
  and the market rates between them changing in time as economy changes . 
  dogecoin has a good chance to get there . 
  but , it 's already usable and enjoyable as it is . 
  well shibe , history already told us that such currencies were quite popular once , and for a few centuries . 
  i guess we 'll just wait and see how it all develops . 
  on the other hand , in my country 20 years ago the local currency at the time ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/croatian_dinar ) was valued on pretty much the same level as doge is now . 
  so both are usable levels . 
  it 's just that - from your cultural perspective - you 're most used to the currencies which are valued pretty close to each other ( us/canadian/australian dollars , euro , pounds , swiss francs etc ) . 
  despite what might seem as discomfort to you , that value changes easily . 
  thanks !, 
  but the question was about litecoin , 
  i did n't edit it . 
  thanks for the tip , 
  wow, 
  so rich, 
  there 's some charts like this if it helps : http://www.cryptocoincharts.info/v2/pair/doge/btc/coinedup/10-days, 
  but i do n't know if there 's text-only data available anywhere ... 
  wow, 
  much generosity, 
  you can also use dogetipbot , like this :, 
  much generus, 
  wow, 
  welcome shibe . 
  to the moon !, 
  wow, 
  so recieved, 
  many thanks, 
  to the moon, 
  i sold some of my doge on cryptsy for btc at market price , then immediately placed buy orders at the lower price . 
  if the price keeps dropping , that means i 'll earn more doge in the future . 
  i believe it will eventually skyrocket to the moon , but i 'm betting ( from the current market trend ) that it will keep dropping for a little while longer , and i hope to earn more doge from that trend . 
  payment amount is really dependent on the pool size . 
  larger pool = smaller payments , but they come in more often . 
  you can get largest payments solo mining ( 500,000 ) but for that you 'd need to hit a block , and that might never happen so it 's like playing the lottery . 
  the larger the block is , the more risk mitigation you get , and you get paid more often ... but smaller amounts . 
  the choice is yours . 
  if the pool is fair , everything else is up to luck . 
  ( i 'm also on dogehouse.org ), 
  depends on the day . 
  last week i made about 100/day ( at work most of the time ) , this weekend i 'm making 1.5 k/day ( pc on the entire day , and yesterday i set up azure trial instances to mine for me so i got their extra power ) . 
  q : what do you call a magician doge ? 
  dogetipbot worked for me today - sometimes it takes a while for it to respond . 
  wow, 
  much lag, 
  but yeah , lot of people are using addresses lately . 
  such subreddit, 
  very address, 
  much thanks, 
  yeah , you should be fine . 
  if in trouble , open your case ( and vacuum your components ) to keep it lower . 
  do you get many accepted hashes on that , or is cudaminer broke ? 
  this time , dogehouse should have more accurate statistics ... 
  the price is not the only thing driving multipools . 
  it 's profitability , which is calculated from the price and difficulty . 
  as multipool is a major force to be reckoned with ( grinding doge at 6.5 gh/s ) , it increases the difficulty . 
  that 's why you see jumps , as multipool starts farming another coin that 's most profitable at the moment ( dmd , mec , mnc , wdc , dgc , arg etc ) until the difficulty falls back for doge . 
  it 's basically the same thing as a regular pool . 
  it just changes which coin it mines according to math pulled from current exchanges and which one is the most profitable . 
  the network does n't see pools . 
  it sees miners doing their stuff , or not doing them . 
  multipool will stop mining dogecoin once it 's no longer profitable - either its ' price falls or the difficulty increases . 
  they are actually the balancing force of the market driven by pure supply and demand . 
  right now the market is very liquid and that 's good . 
  at some point , doge will probably become less interesting to the multipools . 
  several things can cause that :, 
  - the price going down too far, 
  - the difficulty going up too far, 
  if doge becomes popular enough and a lot of people join the bandwagon and mine directly for doge , the difficulty will go up a lot , and profitability will drop . 
  same happened to ltc ( and let 's not even mention btc , which is one of the least profitable cryptos to mine for , but it 's the most `` stable '' one of the lot ) . 
  maybe so they can optimize the difficulty for better results ? 
  do n't know ... 
  i reconfigured as instructed .
