  * the shirt does n't really look that good . 
  change it . 
  or loose it . 
  * not a big fan of the skirt thing , looks purely decorative rather than practical . 
  maybe add leather tassets on sides ? 
  that would make it more practical since it will armor you up . 
  * fake fur trim and bone decoration would make this kit awesome . 
  * draw magical symbols on your exposed skin with body paint or something . 
  maybe draw some on your clothes as well . 
  * more accessories . 
  amulets , bracelets , rings , etc. 
  this helped . 
  i remembered this when i rolled , and focused on breathing . 
  instant improvement  although i 'm still tense and get gassed easily , the improvement has been noticable . 
  thanks , 
  thanks . 
  i started to be more aware of my own and others ' position and even tactics . 
  i still suck . 
  but i suck slightly less than several days ago , and i like that , 
  thanks !, 
  i did focus on positioning and relaxing last time i rolled , and it helped , 
  thanks for the tips , 
  yeah agreed , this is like a whole new level of fitness :d looking forward to improving it . 
  why do you wear a hood then , unless it 's cold or wet ? 
  it limits your field of view and can get you to overheat easily . 
  how about making it long and robe-ish ? 
  knee length , add some slits ( or gores ) to make it wider on the bottom . 
  this would seem more mage-y , and the skirt thing would look better on it . 
  thank you !, 
  focusing on breathing helped , 
  thanks , 
  thanks , 
  thanks , 
  thanks , 
  yellow should be fine as long as it 's a muted , earthy tone and not too bright . 
  brown would also look awesome , e.g. 
  the same tone as your pants on the pic . 
  some color and contrast is nice , but you 'd probably want to avoid having too much of it . 
  even less than a couple of months . 
  on saturday , at my jjj class i rolled against three guys . 
  one of them was my weight and previously about my skill level . 
  i tapped him quickly . 
  the other was also previously my skill level , but would usually always tap me because he 's strong like a bull and has about 40 lbs on me . 
  this time he did n't tap me , i did n't tap him either but i maintained dominant positions most of the time and he was gassing out when the round was done . 
  the third opponent was a yellow belt ( we use same belt levels as judo at my jjj class , so yellow comes after white ) with 3 years of experience , lighter than me , who managed to easily dominate me and tap me out . 
  but i 'm fine with that . 
  this also turned out to be my yellow belt test , which was a nice surprize , 
  this was a significant improvement after a ** single week ** of training in bjj : about 3 hours of nogi classes , and a total of 3 hours of open mat rolling , half of which i did in gi and the other half in nogi . 
  however , when i think about it it was also probably more time i spent actually rolling in a week than in 6 months prior ... 
  i mostly play ( and run ) larps with no live combat nowadays . 
  i 'm actually looking forward to a short combat larp that i 'll play next month , since i have n't played one since summer . 
  it used to be different several years ago around here ( i 'm in croatia ) . 
  until 2011 , pretty much all larps were live combat larps - of those , about 90 % were combat focused , 10 % were social but still with live combat and it was expected that a murder ( or five ) would happen on them . 
  maybe offtopic , but since you have liveform in your name i assume you 're from poland ? 
  are you planning to visit the portal conference in budapest next month ? 
  i had an awesome time with your members ( dracan and others ) on the last 2 conferences , absolutely brilliant people , 
  drink water . 
  eat salty food so that you do n't lose too much salt . 
  drink water . 
  if in direct sun , be sure to have a hat for your head and neck and to cover all parts of your skin , since sunburn sucks more than feeling hot . 
  also , remember to drink loads of water , plan for at least 3-4 times what you usually drink . 
  expect that your clothes will soak a ton of your sweat . 
  if it 's an option for you , spending a lot of time outdoors will help you get used to the outdoor conditions and what your body needs - you might also tan which will help prevent sunburn . 
  working out also helps . 
  bring a change of clothes . 
  wool is great , especially when it 's not heavy . 
  linen is better than cotton . 
  do n't drink alcohol and go easy on caffeine when it 's really hot . 
  and do n't forget to drink a lot of water . 
  if you 're in danger of overheating , pouring some water on your head , neck and wrists will help you cool down . 
  make sure you have a place where you can clean yourself up . 
  in a way . 
  there are no npcs in larp , and attacking other characters is a valid thing that will create play for those involved and everyone around them . 
  but , i see your point . 
  i was thinking of rephrasing that entire line as `` assault someone '' , that should work better . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.karatebyjesse.com/93-signs-of-a-mcdojo/ ) is a good mcdojo checklist . 
  regarding accessibility and friendliness , in most dojos / gyms it takes a while for people to warm up to you . 
  the reason for that is that a lot of newcomers leave after a bit . 
  many people just wo n't invest into a friendship unless they 're certain the person will be there to stay . 
  my suggestion is : try adding some classes of mma . 
  or at least muay thai , boxing , bjj , submission wrestling . 
  do that for a few months until you get to spar . 
  maybe 1-2 hours a week if you 're continuing with your current school ( since you 're teaching there ) . 
  you 'll learn some new things , learn new ways to apply what you already know , and learn for yourself where you are at with your abilities . 
  added these suggestions . 
  in these rules , as they are written now , light armor provides no protection against two handed weapons , damage spells or arrows . 
  so heavy armor will still have its ' uses . 
  padded shirt or gambeson is not armor , it 's padding . 
  if it looks like something from a bdsm dungeon , it 's not an armor . 
  [ this ] ( http://images.maskworld.com/is/image/maskworld/bigview/mercenary-leather-armor-brown--mw-302021-1.jpg ) is a leather armor . 
  do you believe this should be better clarified ? 
  i 'm fine with this providing approximately the same level of protection ( point-wise ) as mail for the sake of simplicity . 
  it will have less coverage either way . 
  a hit in the unarmored section is immediately a wound , and a good hit can really reduce someone 's ability to fight further . 
  one extra hit of complete protection is a lot in these circumstances . 
  one idea of the design of this larp is that it will not feature a lot of fights , but those that happen should be brutal and have consequences to be played ( such as healing , recovery , political ramifications etc ) . 
  hi and welcome !, 
  others have already given you some great advice , i 'll just add a few tips . 
  to make your costume look good , remember : layers . 
  wool is an awesome material , especially for your outer layers - it 's very functional , keeps you warm when it 's cold and cool when it 's hot , looks great and authentic , it breathes well and it 's reasonably waterproof .
