   this is exactly why i 'm not a fan of `` kenpo '' at this point there 's so many arts with different spellings of that name and it all seems to be compliant super deadly overly complex stuff . 
  the style of `` kempo '' we had was not at all related to american kenpo ( we 're in europe so we do n't have that here ) so the stuff we had was not `` overly complex '' , except for a few katas or coordination exercises . 
  from all i saw the drills were mainly legit karate drills or legit judo drills . 
  it 's just that almost nobody there has any experience with non-compliancy . 
   i 'd probably train wc before kenpo . 
  [ tried it once ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/wingchun/comments/5570xf/i_went_to_a_trial_lesson_yesterday_heres_my/ ) , same club . 
  meh , at least at wc i was punching stuff and it felt more focused than kempo . 
  apart from bjj , kempo , submission wrestling and wc , my club also offers boxing , mt and tkd , as well as several conditioning classes - and wc is the only one i could actually take without scheduling issues . 
  i 'll try finding some alternatives . 
  he might or might not be able to train like that . 
  we 've never seen . 
  they 're easy to separate . 
  different instructors , different training atmosphere and mostly different students . 
  i chose kempo first , as it promised striking , grappling and weapons use . 
  at the time i only knew i liked swords , and kempo class was the only one offering some sort of training in these . 
  i chose bjj as my second art as i discovered i really enjoy grappling . 
  mt at the gym overlaps with my bjj time , and boxing overlaps with my wife 's mt time ( someone needs to take care of the kids , so we ca n't train together - mt in our gym has separate male/female groups ) . 
  at the moment , bjj is a priority for me . 
  yup , something similar . 
  they bring in different instructors for different arts , so the instruction differs a lot . 
  bjj is in the same club with same terms , and there 's much more sparring . 
  students sign liability waivers , no insurance ( very few clubs have that here , different legal system and universal health care ) . 
  i 'll drop kempo but remain in bjj . 
  i took a few months of submission wrestling before taking bjj in my club ( i train in gi , but there 's a smaller group working for no-gi competitions ) . 
  not sure if it is a style thing or instructor thing , but submission wrestling instructor was having a much larger focus on athleticism , explosiveness , aggression , wrestling techniques and standup , although ground game was also covered . 
  our no-gi guys placed much more emphasis on ground technique and a somewhat more relaxed game . 
  however , there is some student overlap between those two groups . 
  check the [ faq ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/martialarts/wiki/index ) . 
  i 'd say mt or boxing . 
  no worries , a friend of mine broke her vertebrae by performing a straight backwards roll , and after a period of recovery she continued to train ( as much as she could ) . 
  she recently got her blue belt . 
  so you should be fine . 
  horrible situations aside , straight rolls have their uses , but i 'd avoid them if there 's anyone on top of you . 
  or about to get on top of you while you roll . 
  bjj , about $ 13/month . 
  it covers 4 days a week ( 2 days with instructions , 2 days of open mats where we just roll ) , although i usually do n't make it to all classes . 
  i train in a students club in zagreb , croatia which is very cheap for the area , but they get their gym space from the university for basically free ( they 're responsible for some maintenance though ) . 
  most other comparable training in the area costs between 2x and 4x as much . 
  the club i train at also has one-time sign-up fee ( also about $ 13 ) and several other martial arts and conditioning programs - each is $ 13 separately . 
  my wife does mt in the club , i took a few months of submission grappling there , and a year and half of kempo which i still train , but [ i 'm dropping it ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/martialarts/comments/64yn1d/all_the_red_flags_in_my_ma_school_rant/ ) . 
  so in the past year and a half i 've been training , i trained for 14 months and spent a total of about :, 
  $ 260 in primary gym fees, 
  $ 200 on cheap gear ( 2 judogis , a whitebelt , 2 rashguards - 1 cheap and 1 good , a mouthguard and a cup , bokken with bag , and one promotion which included a new belt and some patches ), 
  $ 45 for a month of kenjutsu ( which was great , but that was a strange month for me when i had way more time than usual ) . 
  i mostly walk to my gym ( unless the weather has been horrible ) , so i do n't have a lot of travel costs . 
  this would average to under $ 30 a month . 
  approximately , because the exchange rate fluctuates a bit . 
  since you mentioned you train wc , that 's also $ 13 at my gym - but they only cover some basics , not even the entire first form , and they basically feed people to their primary club , which costs about $ 50/month . 
  never did that exact stretch , but we did go through the same range of motion doing 2 similar stretches in my kempo class . 
  feels good . 
  if they just want the belt , i 'm sure they can buy a black one for cheap at the sporting store . 
  a certificate can be easily purchased on ebay , if they have no skills in faking one themselves . 
  in a legit dojo , however , promotion should follow skill . 
  belts should be meaningful , not just rewards for participation . 
  from what you wrote , your dojo sounds legit and your sensei seems very reasonable and unwilling to compromise their art for instant gratification . 
  not sure what you can do , except being at your best and helping others be at their best . 
  perhaps bbq , or other ways of hanging out with your other students - maybe a mutual trip to the seminar or tournament somewhere ? 
  or just some hiking or something ? 
  we did them loads of times , so the answer is yes about 70 % of the time , no about 30 % of the time . 
  i 've been training about two months longer than you , i 'm a foot taller and i still got these exact same issues . 
  my first subs just started coming . 
  sometimes . 
  last time i trained , i got tapped by a guy who only trained for a month . 
  it still happens . 
  but right now i actually began really believing i 'm gon na get it , and i 'm ready to go through all the suffering and racking countless hours under side control , 
  keep training bro . 
  rolling with sweaty muscular men is the best part of my day . 
  five-second rule . 
  you 're good . 
  we have them on fridays ( 1.5 h ) and saturdays ( 2h ) , and they 're different . 
  friday ones are more organized , with 15-20 minutes of warmups , and then rounds on timer till the end . 
  saturday ones are more chill , `` warm up yourself '' , more walk-ins and walk-outs , usually slower . 
  sometimes people just chat . 
  sometimes there 's no timer . 
  people pretty much only group in gi and nogi groups . 
  saturday gets more nogi . 
  i wear a rashguard on all my ma classes , and sometimes when doing other training . 
  apart from the protective qualities , it keeps me cool and does n't get in the way . 
  when i get all sweaty , it 's much more comfortable than wearing cotton directly on skin as it wicks away the sweat . 
  it might be less useful on krav than on bjj , but i believe it 'd still be useful . 
  bjj was `` optimized '' at that time simply due to the fact it was something that their opponents were completely unprepared for . 
  since that time we got the globalization of the media , the internet etc. , and people in mma started crosstraining more so they could defeat the bjj . 
  sport bjj existed ( in brazil ) for over two decades prior to ufc1 . 
  since bjj was better known there , it was countered more often . 
  similar thing happened once it became internationally known . 
  my school is sport focused , but we certainly go over mma and self defense applications . 
  heck , us army combatives are largely based on bjj as well . 
  if anything , there 's far more people now who could apply bjj in a self-defense situation than before ( i did , once , successfuly ) . 
  i leave them to dry , but the place i leave them in has some air flow - outdoors or at least next to the open window , depends on the weather . 
  in a closed room they stink up . 
  next morning i just toss them in the laundry basket , go to work , and in the afternoon they somehow get to my wardrobe , clean and neatly folded . 
  it 's [ magic ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o1_qtm-wpsy ) . 
  i got 2 , but they 're cheap judogis which were maybe $ 70 together with my white belt . 
  had them for a year and a half ( though only a third of that time was actually spent on bjj ) and they 're still in decent condition . 
  mt will train you how to fight better . 
  on the flipside , km will probably be better at teaching certain tactics which might come in handy in avoidance of the violence . 
  if self-defense is your goal , consider running . 
  and sprinting . 
  you can start today , it 's free and very effective . 
  there are many ancient gurus of this art located in khyber pass .
