  my point is that this premise is false , since as far as i can see the same thing * is * actually happening . 
  a bit sloppy , but here you go : http://i.imgur.com/csg3cjr.png, 
   let 's just say : if germany forced the closure of schools in greece , everyone would be in arms but schools * have * been closing in greece as well . 
  your quote does n't say that the puerto rican schools were forced to close , but that it 's an effect of budget cuts and mass emigration . 
  these effects are at work in greece too . 
  education budgets have received heavy cuts , and just like puerto rico , the last five years has seen a lowering of the population by about 2.5 % . 
  it 's hard to find current numbers on closed schools , but this is what learnnow.org reported after the first round of austerity in 2011 , in their * [ what happens now ? 
  the fallout of greece 's education cuts ] ( http://learnnow.org/departments/global-learning/the-state-of-public-education-in-greece-2 ) * :  adrienne is a fifth-grade student in greece . 
  her neighborhood school closed , so she now travels half an hour to attend school many kilometers away . 
  she sits in a classroom with other students who traveled similar distances . 
  [ ... ]  at the close of the 2010-11 school year , more than 20,000 public school teachers retired or changed careers due to low wages and difficult working conditions -- circumstances as bad as no wintertime heat . 
  and despite this massive exodus of the workforce , the education ministry had funds to hire only about 3,500 new teachers , leaving more than 15,000 classrooms without teachers . 
  [ ... ]  how did the education ministry address these enormous challenges ? 
  they closed more than 1,000 schools -- and combined nearly 2,000 of them -- despite widespread resistance from students , parents , teachers and local officials . 
  in huffington post 's * [ what do the greek austerity measures mean for education ? 
  ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.com/sarah-butrymowicz/what-do-the-greek-austeri_b_1291810.html ) * from 2012 , panos tsakloglou , an economics professor from athens university , comments on the extent of the cuts at that point :  the country 's education budget has been falling for years , being cut by nearly 8 percent between 2010 and 2011 alone and an additional 2.9 percent between 2011 and 2012 . 
  considering all of the factors , such as inflation , tsakloglou estimated that `` in real terms '' the decline in education funding has been about 20 to 25 percent . 
  more on the effect of these cuts , and the situation for teachers , are touched upon in a passage from alexandra pascalidou 's 2013 book * kaos * . 
  here 's my wonky translation from swedish :  my 30 year old teacher friend evi , who moved back to her parents after a pay cut , says that it would be pathetic to complain that she 'll probably never be able to get married and have kids , when the school she teaches at ca n't even afford chalk for the class room . 
  the attractive math teacher flirts in vain with her . 
  `` to fall for a colleague is n't on the map . 
  two teacher salaries is n't enough to raise a family . 
  the only thing that can save me is a rich man '' , she says . 
  yeah . 
  this is ridiculous , if this emotional grandstanding is normal in these negotiations , i 'm not surprised that it 's taken half a year to get nowhere . 
   they should 've said no alone and took responsibility . 
  that 's what they were elected for and their mandate allowed that . 
  they were elected on the promise of staying in the eurozone . 
  the election results was very clear in showing that the isolationist parties lost , and it correlates well with polls showing 70 % of the population wanting to stay . 
  the only way i can see to say that they had a clear mandate to continue forward with a `` no '' , is to accept the line that the referendum has nothing to do with staying in the euro . 
  if you accept that a `` no '' put 's them at further risk of exit , then it 's open to debate . 
  i agree completely with your second point though , a set deadline after which a referendum would be held would have been ideal . 
  you would prefer that the greek government went ahead with the `` no '' path without consulting the people ? 
  because as far as i can see that was the alternative . 
  * with a finance minister that is ready to step down if the people chose yes , because he ca n't stomach signing another greek `` extend and pretend '' deal that does n't include debt restructuring . 
  instead of just chugging ahead on a path that would leave them open to criticism of over-reaching their mandate , they decided to take the risk of a greek `` yes '' , hoping to get public support for their `` no '' position . 
  * with a government structure that protested every concession , and was sure to veto a capitulation even if the leaders caved in to demands . 
  a `` yes '' vote seems like the only way to get an agreement on the creditors terms past that hurdle . 
  edit :  to compound even this , the situation has arisen because the government forced through legislation ( directly not even through parliament ) that changes important aspects of referendum law . 
  could you point me to where i can read up on what you 're talking about here ? 
  i do n't think i 've heard about this point before . 
  who has denied it ? 
  as far as i 've seen , no-one informed of what 's been said at the negotiations has disputed it , neither to put varoufakis credibility into question or to force his hand to go through with much needed reforms . 
  it 's a statement that he 's been very public with . 
  i 've seen him repeat this at the above lecture , which was attended by the german conservative christian democrats . 
  i 've seen him repeat it in a widely seen conversation with joseph stiglitz , and again in the tagesspiegel `` we crossed a lot of our red lines '' interview . 
  it 's a claim that the other negotiating parts are sure to be aware of , yet so far the only protests i 've seen have been by redditors , each time not based on a stated source , but just a general feeling of distrust . 
  there has certainly been disagreements about the taxes , but it 's about which taxes to raise to make the demanded ends meet . 
  not whether to stop tax evasion . 
   we want to help you , but you also need to change the corrupt system and tax evasion . 
  we ca n't do that . 
  this is not what the disagreement is about . 
  varoufakis has been stating repeatedly , publicly , that tax evasion and corruption are issues that the institutions have forbidden him to institute reforms against until there is a finished deal . 
  until a negotiating partner at least makes the claim that this is a lie , i will accept his word for it . 
  [ from the june 8 keynote at the hans-b\u00f6ckler-stiftung ] ( http://livestream.com/dmake/zukunft/videos/89664402 ) , for example :  from the first day in office i have been making a simple proposal to our partners , in the eurogroup and elsewhere : given that we have been elected to challenge the program that you believe in , and which you want us to abide by , the negotiations will be protracted . 
  let us negotiate in good faith . 
  but , also , let us agree in the meantime , as quickly as possible , on a number of reforms that we all agree are absolutely necessary and which the previous governments refused to implement . 
  let us pass through our parliament three or four , commonly agreed , bills that deal with tax evasion , that set up an fully independent tax authority , that strike a blow at corruption , that reform the income tax code , that regulate and tax television channels etc. 
  let us implement immediately these reforms while the ` larger ' , ` comprehensive ' negotiation continues . 
   the answer i received was unequivocal : `` no !, 
  you must not pass anything through parliament until and unless the complete review of the greek program is successfully completed . 
  any such legislation will be considered to be unilateral action and will jeopardise your relation with the institutions . '' and so it was that the negotiations have dragged on and on , draining our energies while the economy stagnates , while important reforms are still awaiting legislation . 
  edit : added link, 
  he said it in english at the press conference announcing the referendum , [ which is available on youtube ] ( https://youtu.be/f3xshvssqr4?t=270 ) . 
  but it sounds to me as if he might have said that there were a 48 hour window after the press conference during which a new deal was possible . 
  since the proposal of june 25 is now specified on the ballot , it seems that it has since been decided that that is the proposal which is to be voted on . 
  though nothing seems certain right right now . 
  greece is a representative democracy , but it 's currently represented by a party that got 36 % of the votes . 
  i find it very hard to argue with their point that this is an issue that 's crucial enough to warrant a majority vote . 
  it 's a choice between plague and cholera , and it makes sense that at least half of the population are on board with the choice going forward . 
  and they did have a vote half a year ago , that 's when syriza was elected to try to negotiate a way to stay in the euro without keeping a contractionary financial policy . 
  it 's not wrong that they kept on trying to accomplish this as long as the institutions seemed willing to negotiate . 
  i dug up a couple of sources on the first two parts as well . 
  [ from the varoufakis/stiglitz talk on 9/4 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oy3qxm6boui ) :  by the way , let me make it clear that this government is absolutely committed never to slip into a primary deficit again , because that would simply magnify the indignity of the greek people . 
  we 've had enough of needing to borrow within the monetary union in order to sustain our state . 
  [ from the varoufakis keynote at the hans-b\u00f6ckler-stiftung , 8/6 ] ( http://livestream.com/dmake/zukunft/videos/89664402 ) :  from the first day in office i have been making a simple proposal to our partners , in the eurogroup and elsewhere : given that we have been elected to challenge the program that you believe in , and which you want us to abide by , the negotiations will be protracted . 
  let us negotiate in good faith . 
  but , also , let us agree in the meantime , as quickly as possible , on a number of reforms that we all agree are absolutely necessary and which the previous governments refused to implement . 
  let us pass through our parliament three or four , commonly agreed , bills that deal with tax evasion , that set up an fully independent tax authority , that strike a blow at corruption , that reform the income tax code , that regulate and tax television channels etc. 
  let us implement immediately these reforms while the ` larger ' , ` comprehensive ' negotiation continues . 
   the answer i received was unequivocal : `` no !, 
  you must not pass anything through parliament until and unless the complete review of the greek program is successfully completed . 
  any such legislation will be considered to be unilateral action and will jeopardise your relation with the institutions . '' and so it was that the negotiations have dragged on and on , draining our energies while the economy stagnates , while important reforms are still awaiting legislation . 
  are you talking about an economy that is still burdened by the loans it has defaulted on ? 
  i 'm asking because there seems to be differing views floating around here about what exactly a default would entail in this regard . 
  considering that the current government has pledged to never again slip into a primary deficit , this could render it a moot point . 
  in their perspective , austerity is the difference between having a balanced budget and trying to keep up a primary surplus of 3 + % . 
  where do you get the idea that greece refuses to implement reforms ? 
  they have been asking their negotiation partners since their first meeting to be allowed to start implementing the reforms to stave corruption and tax evasion , but been told no . 
  and pension and vat reform are the most prominent points in [ greece 's proposal ] ( http://yanisvaroufakis.eu/2015/06/18/greeces-proposals-to-end-the-crisis-my-intervention-at-todays-eurogroup/ ) :  so , the first part of dr blanchard 's question `` how much of an adjustment has to be made by greece ? '' needs to be answered : greece needs a great deal of adjustment . 
  but not of the same kind that we have had in the past . 
  we need more reforms not more cutbacks . 
  for instance ,  * we need to adjust to a new culture of paying taxes , not to higher vat rates that strengthen the incentive to cheat and drive law-abiding citizens into greater poverty  * we need to make the pension system sustainable by eradicating unpaid labour , minimising early retirements , eliminating pension fund fraud , boosting employment -- not by eradicating the solidarity tranche from the lowest of the low of pensions , as the institutions have demanded , thus pushing the poorest of the poor into greater poverty and conjuring up massive popular hostility against another set of so called reforms, 
  the private haircuts are irrelevant , it 's only included here since it was part of a sentence which also referred to the pension funds . 
  there are public pension funds in greece that seems to be universally used ( `` among the approximately 130 funds available , the most important fund for the private sector is the ika ( social insurance institute ) , which covers 5,530,000 workers and employees '' ^ 1 ) . 
  the suggestion as i understand it is that these funds had their money invested in bonds , which sounds like the same system that we have up here in sweden . 
  and then that these bonds received the same haircuts as the bonds of the private investors , which to me sounded like something that would weaken these funds and increase the need for government spending on pensions . 
  as for a reduction in pension spending , i have n't seen anyone here talking about such a thing . 
  `` 50 % pensions downfall '' sounds more to me like a reduction in payouts per pensioner , regardless of whether the state expenses has decreased or increased . 
  [ pension funds online : greece ] ( http://www.pensionfundsonline.co.uk/content/country-profiles/greece/116 ) edit : and pretty soon i will have to leave my computer for a while , so hopefully i managed to address everything in my comment that might have raised questions .
