there is also the fact that anyone in the world born to a greek parent , if properly registered , automatically becomes a citizen with voting rights . 
  this in a country where people have been leaving in droves since the 1950s . 
  in my late 30s , born and raised outside , this was the first time i happened to visit greece during an election , and found out that my name has been present in the voter lists all these years . 
  it was convenient , but based on this , 45 % absentees does n't say much . 
  what does a good voter turnout look like in greece ? 
  so who would you give your vote to instead ? 
  the corrupt ones who got greece into this mess ? 
  since there does n't seem to be any other alternatives in this election . 
  there 's a bit more to read about the bulgarian occupation on https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/axis_occupation_of_greece#the_bulgarian_occupation_zone, 
  you 're saying that the other sensationalist poll claiming that the sweden democrats has suddenly become the biggest political party in sweden brings real new information , while a poll from the biggest and most trusted polling company in sweden showing this to be false is low quality content and not allowed on this subreddit ? 
  oh , sd is already very much nationalists , it 's just overshadowed by their more concrete anti-immigration position . 
  they start the introduction of their `` document of principles '' ( [ principprogram ] ( https://sd.se/wp-content/uploads/2013/08/principprogrammet2014_webb.pdf ) , pdf ) by stating ( my translation ) :  the sweden democrats are a social conservative party with a nationalistic basic view, 
  this is clearly speculation , and thus shows that this article has n't really added anything significant , beside misrepresenting what data varoufakis said that they accessed . 
  if i speculate back , i have no reason to automatically assume that he is lying , so i would assume that `` energizing '' the plan might just mean uploading some changes to the current system , since it sounds silly to run it directly from the laptop . 
  the system that would be updated already has database access , so that would not be an issue . 
  the type of testing needed would depend on the nature of the changes made to the system , but if a database was needed it seems to me that a test database could theoretically be connected to their copy for that purpose . 
  if there were major changes made to the system this might be irresponsible , but i have no idea if that is the case . 
  of course i have way too little knowledge of what the system in question looks like , or how a plan b system would need to be altered , to make any real claims either way . 
  there 's not really enough information available to say anything meaningful about this . 
  i do n't see how you 're reaching that conclusion . 
  all we have been told is that according to the police , there is no sign of `` tampering with the taxpayer registry database '' . 
  this is in line with what varoufakis has already said . 
  he only claimed that they had a copy made `` of the tax system 's website '' , and all your further quote suggests is that they had reworked this copy into something that they considered ready for launch . 
  we do n't know if this is true , but this statement by the police does n't refute it . 
  if the new system is based on the old one , and if it 's supposed to work with the old databases , i do n't see why they would necessarily need to tamper with the databases themselves . 
  of course this comes down to what this plan b system looked like , which we know nothing about . 
   police in greece have found no sign of electronic hacking into the tax files of millions of greeks , which ex-finance minister yanis varoufakis claimed to have ordered [ ... ] [ varoufakis ] added that on his orders , a small team had `` hacked '' into the tax registry to create duplicate tax codes for millions of greeks , in preparation for the plan . 
  is n't this statement incorrect ? 
  [ he was very clear in the interview ] ( http://www.omfif.org/media/1067578/omfif-telephone-briefing-greece-and-europe-after-the-brussels-debt-agreement-yanis-varoufakis-16-july.mp4 ) that started this mess that it was the code of the tax system 's website that they had copied , he never said anything about the databases . 
  at ~ 8:30 :  we decided to hack into my minister 's own software program , in order to be able to bring it all to just copy , just copy the code , of the tax system 's website , onto a large computer in his office , so that we work out how to design and implement this parallel payment system . 
  so the police statement that is the basis for this article , `` specialist officers had analysed four finance ministry hard disks , and found no signs of tampering with the taxpayer registry database '' seems to be completely in line with what varoufakis has already stated . 
  as you say , mexican americans are indeed counted as americans . 
  to the contrary , the point this thread is trying to make is that such combinations here should not be counted as swedish , as they have been on this map , and that because of this the number is wrong . 
  why you think i 'm talking about citizenship i have no idea , since you yourself pointed out that that 's not what 's being discussed here . 
  it 's a good companion piece , but the entire statement of andr\u00e9 gerolymatos ( which you quote the beginning of ) needs to be read for a better understanding of what he 's saying . 
  he continues :  `` the british did make an effort to peacefully disperse part of the crowd . 
  one explanation is that some protesters easily mistook the use of tracer shells by british armoured units , fired over the heads of the demonstrators , as being directed at them . 
  another issue that further complicated matters was that the greek soldiers wore british battledress , as did the greek gendarmerie . 
  furthermore , there were american and british soldiers on the roof of the grand bretagne hotel , observing the spectacle . 
  for those on the ground it could have appeared that the gunfire from the police could have been mistaken as originating from the soldiers on the roof of the hotel . 
  although the police wore grey , they were in concealed positions on the balcony , roof , windows , and behind a wall in front of the police headquarters , making it difficult for the demonstrators to identify whether they were police or soldiers . ''  and , added gerolymatos , the political situation was fragile . 
  `` the left mistrusted the government of george papandreou and this was further underscored when the ministry of defence published a roster of officers for the new national guard of whom many had served in the nazi-controlled security battalions . 
  the cabinet had , in principle , approved the reinstatement of security battalion officers in the military and gendarmerie . 
  later , during the course of the fighting in december , papandreou , with british connivance , enrolled 12,000 members of the quisling forces into the national guard . 
  the total number of the rank and file of the national guard was 15,000 so that , by a twist of fate , 12,000 of the same officers and men deployed by the nazis once again fought against the forces of the leftwing resistance . ''  and he added this opinion : `` under the best of circumstances the integration of the security battalions into the national guard and later in the new greek army , both being trained by the british until 1947 , was grotesque and has coloured the memory of the participants and what recollections they passed on to their descendants . '', 
  what would you guys say that our crown princess victoria and her siblings are ? 
  swedish or german ? 
  should they not be counted as swedish ? 
  should they be counted as germans living abroad , despite being born and raised in sweden ? 
  or are you arguing that they should be considered nation-less ? 
  or at best honorary swedes on account of their position ? 
  on the traditional left-right scale ( economic policies ; redistributive politics vs low taxes ; socialism vs capitalism ) sd usually seems to be regarded as centrist . 
  far right in this context refers only to their nationalist stance , their immigrant policies and their roots in the neonazi movement of the 80s-90s . 
  if our traditionally right wing parties in the alliance coalition were to attend any j\u00e4rva manifestation i can assure you that it would be the counter-demonstration . 
  that looks like the assumption of the first parade at least . 
  the only degree to which the counter-event seems to possibly acknowledge this position is the sentence '' [ ... ] together we show [ ... ] that we see that the real oppressors gains on putting one oppression against another '' . 
  but in the latest post on the counter-event , one of the initiators also writes that `` when i took the initiative to this event it was with a sense that sjunnesson was wrong in trying to paint j\u00e4rva as being something that it is n't '' , with comments pointing out that they 're `` not agreeing with the notion that homosexuality is n't accepted in j\u00e4rva '' . 
  there 's also a poll showing that 78 of 182 answering attendees lives or has lived in the area in question . 
  in the end it remains to be seen . 
  i would assume that a far-right parade through the immigrant suburbs under the guise of a gay pride parade ( regardless of their intentions , this is how it is seen by many ) is more controversial than an outspokenly anti-racist pride event . 
  not quite . 
  haaretz fails to mention that the counter-demonstration is another gay pride event in the same area , providing an alternative that 's not arranged by a far right organization . 
  the counter-demonstration `` anti-racist pride park hangout on the j\u00e4rva field '' appeared as a reaction to the sweden demorcats `` pride j\u00e4rva '' event , and has since eclipsed the original event with three times their facebook attendees . 
  it 's not really a story about the left protesting against right-wing homosexuals , it 's a story about the pride crowd avoiding the sd event in preference of an outspokenly non-racist alternative . 
  i 'm not even sure why they label it left-wing , non-racism is hardly exclusive to the left . 
  [ sd facebook event ] ( https://www.facebook.com/events/1607616332820322/ ) [ counter-event ] ( https://www.facebook.com/events/874921879246066/ ) ( both in swedish of course ) edit : as some have pointed out , sd does n't seem to be directly involved with this event , i got sidetracked by the organizer jan sjunnesson being described as an `` sd profile '' . 
  he is the former editor-in-chief of the sd magazine * samtiden * and writer on the controversial site [ avpixlat ( `` un-pixeled '' ) ] ( https://sv.wikipedia.org/wiki/avpixlat ) , which i believe takes it 's name from the supposed media use of pixelated faces to hide non-white crime . 
  as i understood the details the sd politician came to the rescue of her son the nazi . 
  he had 50 kg of dynamite , which he had bought from a demolition guy on sick leave that had half a ton stashed away . 
  at least according to the internet hobby research crowd . 
  but yeah . 
   do you have any explanation as to why the pasok turned corrupt ? 
  the only explanation i 've read ( and i do not know if they are correct ) is that the greece was occupied by the turks so any opposition against the system was good . 
  however , that ended in 1821 or so , did n't it ? 
  the claim as i 've understood it is that centuries of occupation and external meddling has fostered en attitude of taking care of ones own . 
  i do n't know if this is true , but it 's not something that ended with the independence of greece . 
  [ for one thing , the greece of 1821 was much smaller . 
  ] ( https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/file:expansionofmoderngreece.png ) large parts of today 's greece was under ottoman rule up until 1921 . 
  and even then about 25 % of what was to become the population of modern greece were still ottoman citizens , who only arrived in greece in 1923 as part of the population exchange with turkey ( among them , likely , the father of kalifatides ) . 
  as i 've read this explanation , it includes the instabilities of the continued 20th century as a world where these attitudes could survive : a brutal axis occupation , several military dictatorships and questionable governments , a bloody civil war with heavy external involvement and a long aftermath . 
  the argument is that this was a world that might often still require the same attitudes . 
  their darling minorities are n't clashing though . 
  what the article is saying is that hbtq activists are protesting the parade by arranging an anti-racist gay pride manifestation in the same area , which has since eclipsed the parade in facebook attendees . 
  so the gay community is siding with the muslims against the appropriation of their cause by the anti-refugee people , and there seems to be no reason at all for the sjws to be confused . 
   perhaps we need to put it into perspective . 
  russian economy is the size of california 's economy . 
  i googled for the size of california 's economy , and it seems that your statement also needs to be put into perspective : `` california is poised to pass italy and the russian federation and become * the world 's eighth-largest economy * in 2013 . '', 
   you are trying to say that because this is happening , it everyone should be angry . 
  aboutdesouffle said that everyone would be in arms , i 've said nothing of the sort . 
  it 's what i argued against , not what i claimed . 
  you 're trying to put words in my mouth and argue a point i have never made . 
   yes , because they have the exact same problem . 
  then we are in complete agreement . 
  that is all i 've said here . 
  in reply to a post that suggested that this was not the case . 
  [ eu countries , not ez-countries ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eurozone ) . 
  it 's about the non-ez eu countries saying that the ez needs to take care of this by itself , without using eu emergency funds . 
  your response has nothing to do with what i wrote , i have not said a word about what the reaction might has been . 
  again , i only provided quotes showing that the exact same thing that 's befallen the puerto rican schools seems to be going on in greece , since it was suggested that that was not the case . 
  aboutdesouffle suggested that if what 's going on with the puerto rican public schools happened in greece , everyone would be in arms .
