  this is way more about fairness than some people here are giving ireland credit for . 
  we have a different philosophy on taxation that holds together in moral and legal argument . 
  the appeal should prove this . 
   so ireland would need to provide same kind of deal to other companies apple got . 
  ireland did . 
  the thing that might be confusing people is that different companies have a different mix of value creation inside the eu and in their home countries . 
  apple 's value is nearly all created in the us . 
  the irish tax man 's `` deal '' is just to calculate that % and apply irish corporation tax to the remainder . 
  this is perfectly normal , and is done with every multinational . 
  what people call a deal , is merely an examination of where the value is created for each company . 
   we look at profit in the eu and tax that . 
  exactly . 
  profit in the eu comes from the part of the value creation which took place in the eu , which in apple 's case , was a small % . 
  that small % was properly taxed at the full rate of ireland 's corp tax . 
  the rest of the profits are the us 's problem to collect . 
  the eu should be attacking the us directly for not collecting it and distorting competition in the world , instead of attacking ireland who applied the law and gave no favours . 
  some countries in the eu including ireland are suffering from high unemployment . 
  taxes on the profits of companies are needed of course because countries have to provide the environment where profits for companies are even possible , but every % of them decreases the number of jobs that are created . 
  ireland is a low corporation tax country because we want jobs , there 's nothing wrong with that . 
  others are free to compete for jobs as long as no one grants favours to particular companies . 
  these meddlesome bureaucrats in brussels come from countries with different philosophies , all of which are fine for their democracies . 
  in some countries the govt believe that any cash pile is a target for taxation . 
  the tax philosophy of france and scandinavian countries just would n't work for ireland . 
  it 's important that we push back at efforts to not allow these differences in the eu . 
  it 's more like defending sovereignty and the rightful owners of the money ( us taxpayers ) against a power grab from brussels . 
  also 62 % of irish people understand it enough to agree that we should appeal ( which is amazing considering the funding needs of public services ) , as does the main opposition party . 
  that was a powerful attack on our reputation that brussels launched . 
  only the loonies in ireland believe our tax authority gave apple any special treatment . 
  their reputation for applying the tax law is merciless to the extent of being without emotion or kindness . 
  all this should at least give our fellow eu citizens reason to believe we think we have a case to make , and maybe withhold judgement on us until its made . 
  [ here 's ] ( http://media.gettyimages.com/photos/latvian-minister-for-economy-dana-reiznieceozola-rings-the-bell-to-picture-id465262194?k=6&amp;m=465262194&amp;s=594x594&amp;w=0&amp;h=luv830k47j-zaxdmxyis86poz5rzqz1ww6uihuxj0fg= ) an actual picture of her . 
  ring a bell ? 
  vw is probably the best recent example of why class actions should be easier to take in many eu countries . 
  it 's just such an eye opener to see how quickly a deal is cut with vw owners in the us vs the dragged out process over this side of the ocean . 
  i wonder would vw go down if it had to pay the equivalent of $ 10k to each eu diesel owner ? 
  shut it splitter !, 
  he had a little [ packed lunch ] ( https://cumbriansky.files.wordpress.com/2014/11/a5.jpg ) too !!, 
  ( sniff ) . 
  delighted to see little philae . 
  what an amazing pr campaign esa did do get me to actually care so much about a lander . 
  i 'll never forget the excitement of the landing and the beauty of the cartoons showing philae and rosetta 's relationship . 
  did n't know that . 
  i hope we could at least stick him in prison with our well developed anti terrorism laws ? 
  unless there can be two different hr regimes in the uk , one for ni and one for the rest of the uk , then a deal really does have to be done . 
  there will be a lot of noise before that happens though , but i ca n't see an alternative if the uk insists on scrapping the current hr act . 
  good point . 
  the ni parties might want to insert an external impartial appeal process for political offenses in ni hr cases or something like that . 
  it 's not even likely to be regardless of what happens to him . 
  it 's more likely to be regardless that he has 2 kids who will remain in the uk . 
  i doubt that the uk will want to send anyone into the hands of a torturing regime . 
  the guardian would be all over that , making life a nightmare for the uk govt . 
   would ireland and irish republicans not be keen to ensure that they 're upheld ? 
  yes but they pretty much will be upheld in the new uk bill of rights . 
  there will be some squeals but a deal will be done . 
  no one in the irish govt or in sinn fein in ni govt would risk upsetting the peace process over this . 
  neither will the uk govt for that matter . 
  it will be noisy , but a quick deal will be done , because it has to be done . 
  tax law making is political indeed . 
  running of the system of taxaton once the laws have been made ( like dealing with apple and all other taxpayers in ireland ) was entirely unpolitical and if the irish tax authority discussed any individual case with any irish politician you would be very worried . 
  misleading headline from the times , making something normal sound mildly sinister . 
  the article explains that it would n't be normal for the irish tax authorities to discuss individual cases with politicians . 
  the revenue commissioners have to keep their dealings confidential from govt to prevent interference . 
  that 's not controversial , its done in every country . 
  i do n't think it thickens the plot , it waters it down if anything . 
  it would be more strange if the politicians of a country had anything to do with tax decision making do n't you think ? 
  they just set the rules in law and leave the running of the law to the tax office . 
  they 'll probably have to provide a legal equivalent to the echr human rights act and get everyone to agree to it . 
  i do n't think any party is going to bring down the gfa over this ? 
  the uk had big trouble deporting some foreign criminals because of their claims to a right to a family life in the uk . 
  there was also a kerfuffle over prisoners having the vote i think . 
  anyway , the uk will just replace the human rights act with another one leaving out the contentious rights . 
  it 's not like they are about to drop the standards by a lot . 
  that 's 58 % who believe human made min standards for treating other humans really exist . 
  i think that 's pretty good going . 
  only 26 % think they do n't exist . 
  and all of that could be a matter of language / philosophy of the individual . 
  i mean does any law `` really exist '' or is it just an idea in people 's minds . 
  i have to agree from a tactical perspective . 
  if britain could afford to be selective previously , now if a time to swallow hard , smile and go out into the world with arm outstretched for a handshake . 
  oh , i had just read that australia had offered to lend britain trade negotiators [ here ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/09/03/could-australia-be-britains-best-brexit-friend-off-the-pitch-tha/ ) , so i thought i 'd try to be funny by implying that australians could negotiate both sides . 
  apologies for the failed joke !, 
  perhaps australia will be so kind as to lend britain some officials to negotiate their own free trade deal with the uk too ? 
  yes , they could even be including vat in that statement . 
  i think you 're right , it could n't be just corporation tax . 
  the article title is misleading , but apple 's statement is just non specific . 
   when companies go public , they ca n't ` refuse to sell ' , so you 'd be looking at a private company , and there 's a limit to how large a company can get on that basis . 
  yes , my own experience is of private it companies in ireland that do well and eventually sell out for $ 10 - $ 30m , instead of taking it all the way themselves . 
  i never understood why the us allows the foreign profits of us corps to remain untaxed if left outside the country . 
  i thought it could be because the us was afraid that if they force those profits to come home us corps would just repatriate outside of the us . 
  i also thought it could be because the us believed the corps had to pay their tax eventually so it was like a savings account . 
  now i think you 've explained an additional credible reason - that there is some advantage to allowing us corps to sit on these huge cash piles . 
  it 's also true that us corps can tell their shareholders that they 're sorry they ca n't just distribute those profits to shareholders in dividends , but the nasty us govt is preventing them from bringing the money home in the first place . 
  you 're right though , there is an advantage to sitting on $ 215bn in mostly untaxed profits for apple . 
  i said in another post that the eu govts ca n't understand why there is n't a european starbucks , or a european version of amazon . 
  we have the scale in the single market , but for some reason the eu is n't a fertile enough nursery for these mega corps . 
  yes , some just get bought out by america , but we should have many more born in the last 10 years that just refuse to sell , and go and conquer america and the world , from the eu . 
  for some reason we do n't and the us does . 
  to me the demolishing of the commission 's argument will come about by showing that the us is the place due these corporation taxes and that whatever our feeling in the eu about european created , financed , managed corporations having their profits taxed , the case of apple 's profits is none of ireland 's or the eu business ( apart from a small % of eu created value ) . 
  it 's a matter for a govt outside the eu , and it 's none of the commission 's business . 
  apple account for a future payment of a lower rate of us corporation tax ( 24 % - ish ) on its international profits in its own books .
