  large is clearly defined in irish law as it relates to transfer pricing . 
  \u2022 more than 250 employees ; and \u2022 either a turnover of more than $ 50 million , or assets of more than $ 43 million . 
  these figures apply to the worldwide group and are reviewed on an annual basis . 
  and if ireland offered these tax treatments to everyone , the commissions argument fails . 
  because state aid has to be selective to a company or a small group of companies in the same business area . 
  yes , the retroactive part is particularly offensive . 
  considering the tightening of the guidelines on transfer pricing came out around 2010 and yet the commission want their interpretation to apply up to two decades prior to that . 
  ( edit : 7 years prior , not decades ) someone in worldnews said that the big eu countries just ca n't understand why there is no eu version of amazon , starbucks , netflix etc and so they think the eu must be being cheated by the us . 
  ( edit : apparently merkel has said today that the retroactive part of the eu 's apple decision could harm investment in the eu ) . 
  you 're still relating it to me as if it were a judgement of a court . 
  it 's just a case for the prosecution to which you have n't heard a word of the defense . 
  it 's as much a political attack on ireland 's right to set its own corporation tax as a wobbly scaffold to try to reach over to a state aid argument . 
  it will go down like santander and autogrill in spain did . 
  your entire comment history seems to be accusing people of not understanding things you claim to understand . 
  what do you mean exactly ? 
  what vestager is , is to be decided in the courts . 
  she 's certainly a crusader , but if the commission loses , it will be very damaging . 
  there are rules about transfer pricing . 
  things have to be priced as if at arms length . 
  so you have to justify your internal bills with external equivalents . 
  that 's not possible . 
  the officials who provide tax decisions for us multinationals are aware of the tax laws . 
  the irish attorney general has looked at the deals and found them to be in compliance with irish tax law . 
  it 's only the commission that says the tax decisions constitute state aid , not that irish tax law was broken . 
  the irish govt says the deals were not selective , but available to all large corps . 
  the commission does n't decide the law . 
  it 's only the prosecution , with a weird ability to decide on penalties . 
  the european court will decide the case because it 's being appealed . 
  there will be a political response from ireland 's govt on wed. 
  i hear it will be quite something . 
  you are drinking the commission kool aid . 
  wait until next wed when ireland responds to the apple related attack from brussels . 
  you accuse ireland of theft because you 've heard one side of an argument that will be decided in a court , in front of a judge . 
  please wait until you hear the defence . 
  belief is more powerful than facts . 
  that 's what gove understood and read correctly . 
  all these villians , murdoch , gove and johnson just saw that the british people wanted to believe all those lies about the eu , and just gave them what they wanted . 
  it makes them feel better to believe it , so they 'll keep doing it . 
  facts will never change their mind . 
  starvation might , but even if the uk slips down the economic ladder in the next couple of decades , they 'll blame it on the eu . 
  nothing is more powerful than their belief in their superiority to `` the continentals '' . 
  i do n't think they even imagine it will reach the minds of the tabloid readers . 
  i 'd say this blog is just so the eu can say we tried to push back . 
  in truth they had no chance because all those myths were greedily received by the anti-eu / britain can be great again / send them home public . 
  since ireland is n't in schengen we have to show passports entering the rest of the eu already . 
  so the eu border is made safe that way ( apart from product inspections etc ) . 
  the ni / ireland border can be left unpoliced . 
  there will be a problem of smuggling though . 
  if the uk does n't get a free market deal it could be serious smuggling over an open border . 
  there would have to be product checks on ni goods coming into the uk as well as people checks . 
   what i find most worryingly is how many people here on / r/europe just assume the commission , and vestager in particular , is working for `` justice '' , and is inherently `` good '' . 
  me too . 
  people seem to think they 've heard a judgement , as if from a court . 
  we have only heard one side so far . 
  it 's pressed all the popular buttons but it 's also based on a misconception that apple was going to pay nothing on its vast profits . 
  that was never true . 
  it will have to pay at least 25 % on any and all current and historical international profits to the us taxman by its own admission , maybe up to 40 % of the $ 200bn it has offshore waiting for a change to , but not escaping , us corporation tax . 
  it 's not a fear of losing jobs . 
  where else in the eu would they go ? 
  the corporate tax rate in ireland is still the lowest of the highly developed countries . 
  the appeal is about protecting the economic sovereignty of ireland and its reputation . 
  it 's a must win against a heavy brussels attack . 
  brussels does n't have tax harmonisation powers so it 's using state aid to bring about the same results . 
   edit : downvotes do n't change facts  wear them as a badge of honour !, 
  good point . 
  maybe sturgeon is afraid of that 45 % base declining if the referendum goes off the agenda for a few years . 
  it 's a tricky calculation when to go for it again . 
  if it 's lost it will be hard to argue for a third one without another big change of circumstance like brexit will be . 
  they would go apeshit if they had to go through an internal uk border , but i ca n't see any other way of keeping the ni border open . 
  yes , schengen is mandatory for new members as is adopting the euro , but scotland would have two points to argue against it a ) it is not an entirely new member of the eu , b ) ireland has a cta with the uk ( presuming it will survive , which i think it has to for ireland to stay in the eu and for the ni peace process ) . 
  it may have to join the euro though !, 
  so it all boils down to whether the commission can prove that most other companies did n't get the same benefit from the irish revenue commissioners . 
  well every few decades the uk feels it needs a divisive idealougue pm to break up some progress blocking coalition . 
  there is an argument to suggest in the uncertain few years ahead the uk could do with a strong leader with strong ideas about direction , to keep everyone together . 
  if there 's too much pragmatism the uk might find it does n't reach the sunny uplands some imagine post-brexit ( at least in one piece ) . 
  sure , but putting one or two of them in the brexit depts would have made that statement of intent that brexit means brexit , but to put all three in power at the same time ? 
  that 's setting up a train wreck . 
  their feuding has already broken out into the open . 
  i thought she should have taken brexit on herself with her own idea of what it meant . 
  i 'm open to hearing alternative ideas on it . 
  here 's an interesting take on what aspects of the appeal ireland and apple might hope to win on . 
  http://www.rte.ie/news/2016/0902/813591-santander-apple/ it relates to the commission taking a similar case against santander and other companies in spain , and their appeal to the ecj . 
   on 7 november 2014 , the general court found in the companies ' favour and rejected the commission 's conclusion that the scheme amounted to illegal state aid . 
   the reason the general court found in their favour was based on the nature of how state aid is defined . 
   this will be absolutely critical in the irish case . 
   for a tax concession , such as that given to apple , to qualify as illegal state aid , four criteria must be fulfilled . 
   * the aid must be provided by the state and financed by state resources . 
   * it must grant an advantage . 
   * the advantage must be selective - i.e. , it goes to one company , or one category of companies with a specific commercial activity , and not to others . 
   * finally , it must distort competition and trade within the eu . 
   the third criterion is the key one , selectivity . 
   in the case of santander , santusa and autogrill , the general court ruled that the commission had n't proved that the scheme selectively benefitted some companies over others . 
  i did n't mean civil war in the cromwellian sense . 
  it was just an allusion to intra cabinet strife which will break out inevitably when the actual terms of brexit have to be decided . 
  wise words . 
  i did n't like the way she put johnson , davis and that idiot fox back in power . 
  i thought that allowed too many nutters inside the tent . 
  but she has chosen her words relatively wisely , no point in giving hostages to fortune . 
  `` brexit means brexit '' is mocked , but it 's the most advanced thing the uk govt can say without declaring civil war right now . 
   i feel a growing lack of contempt for her .
