  yes , you are right , i see that the commission is looking at 10 years of alleged state aid from 2003 to 2014 , not decades . 
  it is still retroactive rule making though . 
  if the commission had ruled ` from now on ' i suspect there might not even be the stomach for an appeal from ireland ( i could be wrong ) . 
  ( i know the argument about contracts and recovery of ill-gotten gains , but i do n't think it suits this situation . 
  the commission only launched this state aid attack after years of unsuccessful political pressure on ireland to change its corporation tax . 
  sarkozy tried at ireland 's weakest moment in 2012 . 
  ireland said no . 
  and as if by magic an illegal state aid inquiry was launched . 
  no fines for large countries exceeding their legal limits on exceeding 3 % deficit , but ireland 's corporation tax is attacked ) . 
  ireland says the state aid line of attack from brussels will be defeated on appeal because there was no special deal for apple or any company . 
  furthermore , ireland was acting entirely within its authority to make the tax arrangements and nothing illegal occured . 
  tax treatments were available to any large company in the same situation , says ireland . 
  we can only wait to see the result from an actual court of law instead of a political institution with a weird power to fine corporations . 
  yes , but these us born multinationals profits are n't stateless forever . 
  their profits are waiting to come back into the us and will someday . 
  i do n't know if the us is afraid to close the loophole that allows profits held offshore to avoid us corporation tax , or its confident that the us corps will one day give in and pay the 35 % . 
  apple already puts aside 25 % of its international profits to account for future corporation tax paying - that 's recorded in its own books . 
  they are essentially saying that if the us corporation tax on repatriated profits is just lowered to e.g. 
  20 % ( +5 % state corporation taxes ) , they will bring their profits back to be taxed in the us . 
  but that standoff is distorting the whole world , causing people to wrongly say the big corporations are getting away without paying any corporation tax anywhere . 
  causing the eu to step in between the us and its own us corporations and say , we 'll collect corporation tax since no one else is doing it and at the same time we 'll punish that pesky little country for landing the hqs of all those us corps with its 12.5 % rate of corp tax we ca n't do anything about . 
  on profits it had nothing to do with the creation of . 
  a very dangerous interference for the eu commission in someone else 's business . 
   so if i own a book store in dublin , i can make a deal to pay 0.005 % in taxes ? 
  first , it was n't 0.005 % in taxes . 
  apple paid $ 400m in taxes to the irish govt the year that 0.005 % applies to . 
  it 's a commission media stunt figure . 
  second , no . 
  you have to qualify to do transfer pricing . 
  that means you have to have over 250 employees and turnover of over $ 50m etc ( i should have said ` all large companies ' ) . 
  please come and open a book store in dublin . 
  we always want more of them . 
  exactly right . 
  the eu can take the vat on the apple sales , amazon sales etc. 
  but demanding more than that on the part of the profits that comes from us created value is unfair and unethical . 
  just because the eu could tax them more does n't mean it 's right . 
  let the us tax their profits to pay for the upkeep of the environment that allowed amazon , apple , netflix to flourish . 
  the eu did a very small % of the value creation . 
  well every european apple product buyer contributes a nice chunk of sales tax / vat to the eu govts every time they get something from apple usually 20 - 25 % on top of the cost . 
  is that not enough for europe which contributes so little to the creation of apple products themselves ? 
  the tax on apple profits in the eu must be proportionate to the part of the overall value of the apple products that is created in the eu . 
  ireland is merely respecting that principle as we would expect the us to respect it for a european created product . 
  that 's correct . 
  and santander won its appeal against the commission 's ruling that it gave illegal state aid . 
  if you downloaded a movie from the internet in 2009 , 2010 and 2011 and a law making it illegal was first introduced in 2012 would you be happy with your conviction ? 
  that 's what happened here , the updated rules on arms length transfer pricing were only introduced by law in 2010 in ireland . 
  apple is being punished for activity since the 1980s , decades before the relevant law existed . 
  once the relevant new law existed , new practices were introduced so apple did n't break it . 
  too much wromg in one post . 
  sorry i 'm going to have to address them one by one . 
   yes it should if ireland is part of a union the solidarity argument . 
  ireland had it fill of showing eu solidarity when the ecb forced us to take on the private loses of private bondholders in private irish banks onto the national debt of ireland . 
  otherwise we were told ' a bomb would go off in dublin ' ) . 
  we 'll be showing the eu solidarity for decades to come . 
  also , while r/europe is asking us for solidarity , they seem very ready to believe the commission is some crusading angel of justice , then in fact its a grubby power grabby wan na be washington . 
  the same people are n't showing a fellow eu state much solidarity in being ready to nail us up on the basis of hearing one side of the story . 
   it 's kinda like florida fighting against the feds , good luck with that it 's nothing like the usa in the eu . 
  in the eu the commission is n't like the federal govt . 
  the eu commission does n't have any power of its own unlike washington . 
  brussels has to get its power by plugging in to each of the 28 govts power around the eu . 
  without that , brussels is nothing . 
  zero say in any matter in the eu . 
  the concern here is that brussels , in this ruling is trying to grab tax harmonisation power , which the 28 never gave it . 
  that would be actual power of its own , taken without being granted it by the 28 . 
   our corporate taxes of around 34 % in the us ( and higher in certain states ) vs 1 % apple was paying up to 2014 . 
  apple and loads of other us multinationals are exploiting a us tax rule that if foreign earned money is held outside of the us it is not liable for us corporation tax . 
  apple has about $ 200bn in profits waiting to come back to the us . 
  in total there 's about $ 2tn from various us corporations just waiting . 
  it has n't escaped us corporation tax of 35 % . 
  apple and the rest are demanding that the rate be lowered , then they will bring it home . 
  the us taxpayer is the rightful recipient of most of the taxes on apples profits because the value of apple 's products and branding was mostly created in the us . 
  ireland collects 12.5 % on the profits from the small part of the overall value of apple products that is created in the eu . 
  it is n't a high % , but the full rate of irish corporation tax is applied to it . 
  ireland rightfully lets the rest go back untaxed to the us to be rightfully taxed there . 
  but because of the standoff it has n't made it back ... yet . 
  it eventually will all be taxed in the us so this idea that big us corporations pay no tax anywhere is just populist fantasy . 
  they just have n't yet until something changes . 
   with that said , laws should be passed to stop this from happening in the future rather than a witch hunt . 
  ireland will lose the most from this , not apple nor the eu commission . 
  ireland , luxembourg and the netherlands wo n't agree to any law on tax harmonisation , so that just wo n't happen . 
  remember , power in the eu is with the states , with national vetos still on many subjects . 
  it 's nothing like the us . 
   you agreed to the eu rule that you wo n't do special tax deals , yes the eu should have the ability to punish you if you do n't follow the rule . 
  agreed , but ireland 's appeal is that there were no special tax deals because the same deals were available to all , and that means the state aid accusation will be struck down . 
  if you mean santander and autogrill , they won their appeal against the commissions ruling against them on state aid ? 
  well it 's not exactly merkel backing ireland 's case , it 's merkel voicing concern at the retroactive nature of the decision against apple and the chilling effect it could have on international investment into the eu . 
   first of all , if you want to have a single market , you also need some harmonized rule for that market . 
  so this is more about the single market , than about political issues . 
  and i think tax issues are also quite important in that . 
  you need a minimum rate ( maximum rate is n't needed ) so one country does n't try to lure tax revenue away in a manner that exploits the common market . 
  i do n't find those ideas that controversial . 
  the moment the eu states agree to give the commission the power to implement them what i find controversial is the commission pursuing them without being given that power . 
  it was from brussels power grabs though , of which this apple case is a fine example . 
  a lot of apples profits are indeed funneled untaxed through ireland , on their way to the us , where they should be taxed at 35 % ( the us being where nearly all the ip was created for apple products ) . 
  apple will have to pay us corporation tax , there is no escaping it , there is only delaying it . 
  delaying incurring your tax liability is not the same as paying no tax on your profits ever . 
  the moment apples $ 200bn profit from international sales arrives in the us it will have to pay 35 % corporation tax . 
  the idea that they and other us multinationals have got away with paying no corp tax anywhere is a populist myth . 
  ireland is just saying we will only apply our profits tax of 13.5 % on the portion of profits generated by eu business activity ( in apple 's case , created in the us , mostly manufactured in asia , this is a small % ) . 
  yes , for example france have an effective corporation tax rate of around 8 % for very large firms despite a headline figure of 34 % [ source ] ( http://www.finfacts.ie/irish_finance_news/articledetail.php?france-s-8-effective-tax-rate-only-for-small-and-very-big-firms-412 ),
