  these profits taxes are actually provisioned for already . 
  it 's just they have n't been paid - which is legal in the us . 
  it 's not our business to be the world tax police and it 's unethical to see every untaxed profits cash pile for work done outside the eu as a sitting target for us to harvest tax from just because a company sell something over here . 
  take the sales tax / vat , not the profits tax on stuff that had no eu input in its creation , management , financing , risk taking , branding etc. 
  let the profits tax be the concern of the country that provided the environment that allowed apple to thrive ( the usa ) . 
  that gdp boost has been attributed to a couple of major aircraft leasing firms moving their hq to ireland . 
  ireland being a world centre of aircraft leasing . 
  so the commission is saying that a legal mechanism ( an irish registered company can be domiciled outside ireland ) that is available to any company coming to ireland is state aid . 
  that mechanism is n't selective , it 's available to anyone . 
  and the commission is saying that that non irish domiciled irish companies profits are n't taxable anywhere . 
  they are though , they are taxable in the us . 
  they just have n't be repatriated yet . 
  i suspect some of them will be before the appeal is judged on . 
  that would help clarify the charge that apple 's profits are n't taxed anywhere . 
  being taxed in the us will at least show that they are not stateless . 
  the sad thing is that they really are hardworking . 
  they give their all . 
  the feeling of betrayal will be enormous if nissan ever pull out . 
  i 'm assuming they are ordinary humans and will find someone to blame apart from themselves . 
  thanks , i had a read of it . 
  it fills in a few blanks but essentially its balancing too many plates in the air at for me . 
  at its heart it 's a critique of transfer pricing from an ethical standpoint . 
  i 'm arguing from a more unapologetic capitalist standpoint . 
  you 're right . 
  reading the [ actual text ] ( http://www.mofa.go.jp/files/000185466.pdf ) ( pdf ) of what japan said , it is much more diplomatic and much less threatening . 
  i keep falling for press sensationalism !, 
  she does , but she as the pm of the uk has every right to talk that way . 
  i think the japanese trying to influence the choices of the uk govt so openly as this is really remarkable , quite aggresive . 
  it 's a real warning , a threat of sorts . 
  the japanese are holding a gun to may 's head saying `` make brexit as light as possible , keep free movement , no tariffs , keep pass-porting rights - or else '' . 
  the uk might as well cancel brexit if they listen to that . 
   by all means . 
  if they can prove it was legal at the time . 
  but as a starting point of defence it is quite weak . 
  saying `` others do morally reprehensible things so i do them too '' is an even weaker defence . 
  i agree , all i 'm saying is that the commission is leveraging the moral outrage and people are concluding that translates to a legal weakness in ireland 's argument . 
  morally everyone can go and take a run and jump at themselves , ireland is no better morally than anyone else trying to make a living in europe , and no worse . 
  legally though , there is a much stronger case to make that ireland 's treatment of foreign multinationals is within irish and eu law . 
  we only have to win in a legal way . 
  i 'm surprised at the straightforward language of this warning . 
  the japanese govt seem to be blatantly trying to push the uk towards a brexit lite deal and threatening mass pullouts of japanese firms ( including car firms ) if trade barriers are allowed to spring up between the uk and eu . 
   the deal was manifestly unfair and the best both dublin and apple can offer is a lame `` it was legal at the time '' . 
  being legal at the time should be enough to strike down this $ 13bn attack on ireland 's soverignty and reputation . 
  if we went around europe morally judging everybody we 'd soon run in to a lot to talk about . 
  arms industries getting billions from selling to dictatorships . 
  oil companies getting subsidised to pollute the planet . 
  farmers getting paid to do nothing . 
  and the eu commission whose own books have n't been signed off by an auditor for years . 
  if the commission wants to open hunting season on an ethical basis i 'm just saying there 's plenty to talk about all over europe . 
  but in truth , ireland can do much better than `` it was legal at the time '' . 
  it is saying it was right then , and it 's right now . 
  this tax does n't belong to ireland and it certainly does n't belong to anyone else in the eu . 
  it belongs to us taxpayers because nearly everything apple offers was created , risked , managed from the us , not the eu . 
  the eu can charge vat and make billions from apple sales that way . 
  but its not right to toll apple 's profits apart from the portion that came from eu created value . 
  yes , i suppose the eu could say that it has costs to upkeep the civilization that is educated and rich enough to afford these products . 
  this is as much a clash of tax philosophies as a legal argument . 
  ireland is on the business friendly side . 
  france and some others are on the `` extract as much as possible from them for access to `` our '' customers '' ( like gatekeepers asking for a toll to come into eu markets ) . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.irishtimes.com/business/technology/apple-claims-it-paid-800m-tax-on-european-profits-in-2014-1.2774094 ) is the article i took it from . 
   according to eu competition commissioner margrethe vestage , this allowed apple to pay an effective corporate tax rate of 1 per cent on its european profits in 2013 , down to 0.005 per cent in 2014 . 
   in a questions and answers document for investors published on apple 's website on wednesday morning , the company said the figure quoted by the commission were `` extremely misleading and deceptive '' . 
   `` we paid $ 400 million in taxes in ireland in 2014 -- considerably more than the commission 's figure suggests , '' apple said . 
  `` we were certainly one of the largest corporate taxpayers in ireland that year , if not the largest . ''  in addition , apple paid $ 400 million of current us taxes on those profits , bringing total current taxes paid to $ 800 million , it said . 
   `` most importantly , the commission completely ignores the fact that the vast majority of those profits was subject to us taxation , '' apple said . 
  i personally think the commission was always going to find against ireland and try to see if it can win against ireland 's and apple 's appeal . 
  however , because of migration , greece , terrorism but especially brexit , they may have panicked in the choosing the scale of the $ 13bn penalty and its retropectivity . 
  they may have made a political decision that `` we need to change the narrative about the eu and get people talking about us in a more positive way . 
  let 's do this the really popular way and look like we 're fighting back against the evil profit making foreign corporations '' . 
  and that , was a big mistake . 
  pissing off the us , inviting retaliation , changing a kick at ireland 's tax independence into a beating of a lifetime to its reputation . 
  none of these will turn out well . 
   transfer pricing is n't even mentioned in the commission 's release . 
  yes it is , there 's a whole section on it under `` apple operations europe '' . 
  in terms of the two apple companies registered in ireland , that will be a battle ground in the appeal . 
  irish company law allowed a company to be set up without it being domicile in ireland . 
  it 's available to anyone . 
  so basically ireland is saying its up to govts where activity takes place to ensure that the correct tax is paid . 
  the eu is affronted because apple effectively paid very little tax on its non-us profits ( because they are being held offshore , pending repatriation to the us ) . 
  ireland is saying that 's none of ireland 's , or brussels 's business . 
  starbucks is where it totally falls apart for me . 
  i would n't try to argue that the biggest part of the value is created in the us . 
  they did n't invent coffee for example . 
  the brand and fit out does add something of value , as do the products sold but the staff and local installation seem to be a largest part of it , so it is being created locally and therefore a large part of the profits from starbucks in the eu should probably be subject to eu corporation tax . 
  but i think that 's a question for luxembourg . 
  i 'm totally fine with apple paying an effective 2 % yes . 
  that is about a sixth of 12.5 % right ? 
  i do n't think that the eu contributes even a sixth of the value of what an apple product is . 
  which was mostly developed , managed , financed in the us . 
  that 2 % was essentially a shortcut to account for the value added by their manufacturing in cork , ireland . 
   apple 's structure has been as it is for longer than a decade , and the tax regulations its structure was made to use also predate the retrospective period . 
  the law i 'm referring to is ireland 's transfer pricing rules , updated in 2010 . 
   apple didnt do any crime , it was someone in irelands government . 
  the crime was breaking rules of the eu contract that forbid to give a ssingle or some coporations unfair advantages over others . 
   those specific eu rules havent changed for a pretty long time now . 
  not even the commission is alleging anyone committed a crime , but i 'll take it to mean acting outside one 's authority . 
  ireland is saying that it is brussels that does n't have the authority to interfere with ireland 's tax making decisions as long as they are n't special deals ( state aid ) . 
  the rule change i 'm referring to was not at eu treaty level , it was ireland 's finance act 2010 which strengthened the guidelines for large companies on arms length transfer pricing . 
  until those rules changed , apples pre-2010 activity was pretty wild west on transfer pricing i suspect , but it was never illegal in irish law . 
  since 2010 things have been a lot tighter and more rational .
