why would you wait for the house to be on fire , to think about fire extinguisher because for every real fire there are twenty false alarms . 
  and you can end up ruining your house if you spray around extinguishers every time something smells funny . 
  trump may be as bad as some people fear , but wait until he starts being that bad before acting . 
  bush went into iraq on the fear of what wmd might do in the hands of saddam , look at the shit that pre-emption caused there . 
  let trump become the monster before we try to slay him . 
  i suspect only one in every 20 trumps turns out to be that monster . 
   how would you `` behave '' if a `` third way '' fascist/populist persona was growing like a cancer in your friends body ? 
  the moment he acts like a fascist i 'd behave differently , until then its all talk . 
  i 'm worried about him , but we should n't pre-empt his actions . 
  up to now , i 'm afraid i agree with boris johnson ( for the very first time ) . 
  an `` act of democracy has taken place '' in the us . 
  we in the eu now need to sit back and let trump take office and start leading the us . 
  if he veers off course we can then start to make our objections and have our emergency meetings . 
  i think juncker sees the rise of trump and somehow in his arrogance thinks that the eu will need to take over the `` leadership of the free world '' , and that leader should be juncker , not merkel . 
  i wish this silly meeting had never been called , it makes us look stupid and reactionary . 
  juncker should know , this is not a time to be jumping in front of the international spotlight with a needlessly pessimistic sound bite about the trump presidency . 
  do n't be arrogant or talk about `` teaching '' the new us president , do n't take any cheap shots , do n't indulge in speculation . 
  we should wait and see and in the mean time say nice , or at least neutral things . 
  these are the basic political skills in a time of panic and transition . 
  what good does it do the eu for juncker to pretend to predict the unknowable future ? 
  people who care about civilians do n't put bombs in places that civilians gather , like pubs . 
  then phone in a warning and argue that the warning invalidates the guilt of planting the bomb in the first place ( the bomb that kills the civilian ) . 
  you are arguing like the british argue when they say their empire did some good for those it colonised . 
  well there are russian speaking minorities in the baltic states who complain about being repressed . 
  that 's all the excuse he needed in ukraine . 
  i 'm worried that putin in will see this as an opportunity to roll into the baltics in early 2017 . 
  i think we can make it through 4 years of the economic stuff , even the environmental stuff , but the wars this man will get us into are the scary thing . 
  for me the lesson here is that govts often stand in front of `` events '' like witch doctors stood in front of volcanos , claiming some influence over them to keep power over people . 
  well its fair enough , we like the idea that someone is in control . 
  so the irish have been specialising in peace processes for nearly 10,000 years now . 
  even back then we were burying the axe with our neighbours . 
  is the eu president threatening individual industry with retaliation if they do their own deals ? 
  i do n't like the sound of that . 
  very good point . 
  that would seem to torpedo this idea . 
  corbyn has [ tweeted ] ( https://twitter.com/jeremycorbyn/status/795234734347616256 ) that labour wo n't block art 50 . 
   there must be transparency and accountability on brexit terms . 
  we wo n't block article 50 but will fight for a brexit that works for britain, 
   they will never repatriate and be taxed on a single dollar , unless donald gives them an equal tax holiday . 
  well apple accounts for paying 25 % us corporation tax on its entire cash pile in its annual statements . 
  in the us it has borrowed against its offshore cash pile to pay dividends to its own shareholders . 
  those loans will have to be paid off somehow . 
  dividends must continue to be paid , and they are paid from profits . 
  since us corporation tax is 35 % and state corporation tax can take another 5 % apple is basically saying we 'll bring all this money back when the us lowers corporation tax to 20-25 % . 
  the alternative is that the senate and the house change the law that allow us corporations to not pay tax on profits derived from non us revenues . 
  which seems unlikely . 
  ireland does n't let them live cheaply , the us does . 
  the us , by not forcing its own corporations to pay tax on profits earned outside the us , until that money actually enters the us , is the one that let 's us multinationals live cheaply . 
  but as the corporations know , and the us treasury knows , there is only delaying these taxes . 
  they will all have to pay them some day . 
  it 's nothing to do with ireland . 
  it should be nothing to do with the eu commission either . 
  the people who should be annoyed are the us taxpayers , not the eu taxpayers . 
  if dennis deli create a great brand in the netherlands , a comfortable and inviting interior design that relaxes customers , and innovate in their sandwich making , all offered at a great price so much so that they are beating customers away , then booom , you can sell your us corporation a `` licence '' for the ip that you created in the netherlands . 
  the us corporation makes the same mountains of cash that your dutch outlets make , but it has lower profits ( and lower corporation tax ) because it has to pay the netherlands a licence fee out of its operating profits to use your branding , sandwich recipes , interior design etc. 
  it does n't matter that you own both corporations . 
  you 'll still have to pay some us corporation tax if you make any profit at all in the us though ( the only slight problem is that you have to have a revenue in the high millions to qualify for transfer pricing . 
  it 's not like you could do this with two shops ) . 
   that is what the second part of my answer addressed . 
  the eu is in the process of drawing up a black list of jurisdictions ( countries ) that do n't comply with the eu 's transparency rules . 
  places like panama and bermuda , which figure high on that list , risk economic reprisals if they do n't clean up their act . 
  yes , i think that blacklisting could be used against small jurisdictions with zero tax rates . 
  but what 's to stop a medium sized country outside the eu setting say a 7.5 % corporation tax , and attracting an actual office of the multinational , where some real work is done . 
  would you blacklist them then ? 
  that could get very difficult in terms of unintended consequences . 
  are you a us multinational corporation ? 
  if yes , good news , you can !, 
  if no , or you 're an eu multinational corporation , then i 'm sorry , you ca n't : (, 
  please tell me how you calculate the profits made in any country , in light of the reality of multinationals and transfer pricing ? 
   but if it 's delayed and being paid as us corporation tax then is n't the us getting money that ireland should have ? 
  actually , the us should have it , not ireland . 
  the irish system acknowledges that its up to the us to tax its own corporations profits . 
  what happened recently is that the eu said , if the us is n't going to collect tax on these us multinational profits then we will take it instead . 
  the us responded , no you do n't , if you take our money we will retaliate . 
  ireland said , this money is n't ours anyway , so do n't force us to collect it . 
  the people are saying , these big corporations are making loads of money and paying no taxes anywhere ( when in fact they will ultimately pay tx on their profits to the us if only the eu can keep its mitts off it ) . 
  if the eu try to take other people 's tax money , then there will be retaliation against us and we 'll all end up poorer . 
  there really is no way to tax the profits of multinationals properly . 
  it should be retired as an idea and other taxes used instead imo . 
   you 're going to tell me apple and google do n't know where they customer are from ? 
  i log in google.fr and buy my product in store or apple.fr  it does n't take a genius to figure out how much profit was made in france . 
  that 's not profit . 
  that 's revenue , and that is taxed already via the vat system . 
  for profit , you have to subtract expenses from revenue . 
  apple says its expenses are mainly in the us , in product development , software and hardware design , management , financing etc. 
  those have to be paid for by apple ireland to apple us , in order for a sale in the eu to make any financial sense . 
  apple says that about 5/6ths of its value building activity take place in the us . 
  only about a 6th of its profits are attributable to activities that are non-us . 
  hence only a small % of its international profits are liable for corporation tax outside the us . 
  how do you calculate how much of the profit was made on your ground with a multinational , that creates part of the thing you 're paying for in many different places around the world ? 
  if you 're saying there should be a tax at the place things are sold , there is , it 's called vat . 
  my point is that multinationals can never be brought into line , because transfer pricing allows them to pay themselves for licences , parts , processes etc done elsewhere . 
  there is no way of investigating each transfer price ( verifying it is `` arms length '' ) fast enough for a tax authority to get the better of them . 
   the eu has a simple proposal called ccctb . 
  this combined with a common black list of off-shore tax havens will do the trick . 
  that is just in the eu . 
  if all the eu countries harmonised their tax completely ( something the us states do n't even do ) then the corporations would create a transfer price , to convert profits into costs , to a subsidiary outside the eu . 
  there is no way to stop it happening without blacklisting many ordinary countries with corporation taxes less that the eus . 
  lower corporation tax does not equal tax haven . 
  there is such a thing as tax competition .
