  we fund our own defense . 
  we are lucky to be away from the action by geography . 
  your country lucked out on some things , we lucked out on that . 
  and very large penises . 
  2 ) we are entitled to set our tax rates as any country is . 
  it 's international competition between nations . 
  you do it . 
  we do it . 
  we 've been unfairly characterised as a tax haven by some politicians who like to appeal to ignorance . 
  our effective corporate tax rate is near to the advertised 12.5 % , higher than france 's at around 8 % . 
  no reason except money as you say . 
  even the maintenance of those fast jets would be a drain , never mind the training . 
  but much better to buy in the firepower as needed from a friendly military neighbour . 
  the british or the french could be here by invitation for a civilian security requirement in very little time and they should be paid for the service too . 
  yes , that dude in the article is an independent mp that invaded shannon airport to try to physically prevent us military planes from refueling . 
  he 's got form on irish neutrality . 
  he 's a ridiculous person most of the time but he 's right about the sensitivities of having the british air force active in irish skies , that 's a recipe for trouble unless very carefully handled ( which i 'd say it could be ) . 
  i would agree with him about mistrusting the intelligence services of other countries to some extent . 
  if the airplane is heading to attack the uk , then the uk can shoot it down over its own territory based on its own intelligence service ? 
  if it 's attacking an irish target then we 'd have to make the call , and trusting the intelligence services of other countries in that decision is a bit risky . 
  we 're really lacking those sorts of capabilities . 
  i ca n't imagine an irish taoiseach ordering a shoot down of a civilian plane . 
  it 's just not an irish kind of thing to do . 
  yes , but giving the raf unfettered decision making power after an invitation into irish airspace is just as ridiculous and unacceptable to most here . 
  the raf ( or eu air power ) under the command of our authorities might work , but the details would have to be worked out in advance ( and should be ) . 
  it should be a paid for service under our control . 
  i wonder will you leave . 
  i know it will be a clusterfuck if you do n't but the noises are n't that good for actually leaving . 
  brexit is jumping out of a moving car . 
  the uk is saying , hold on , hold on bruv , i just have to talk to a few of my peeps before i actually do it , innit ? 
  that does n't sound like someone about to do the duck and roll . 
  sentments might change as time goes on and the pain is delayed and thought through . 
  it could swing back to remain . 
  brexit will hurt , there 's no way to avoid the pain , so why are you not just jumping ? 
  you 'll be bruised and bloody before you get back to your feet on the lonely road as we drive on ... without you , ~ ~ into a brick wall ~ ~ . 
  or , you can stay in the comfy car with us ... so comfy !, 
  hmmmmm . 
   i think that ordinary people have better prospects in poland b than in dublin ireland dublin ireland is booming , rapidly making back ground lost in 2008 , so poland b would have to be doing extremely well . 
  outside of dublin , things are not so hot , but still doing ok . 
  good article ( from 2011 ) . 
  i get the impression the french are exhausted and fearful ( of the future more than terrorism ) . 
  the taxes are too high , and there is n't much to hope for . 
  they see society split and wonder if it will get worse . 
  they 're under too much pressure !, 
  i hope something good happens soon . 
  wipes a single tear from eye ( nicely said ) . 
  it only makes sense for people who are eligible to have dual nationalities in the uk and eu . 
  even paisley jnr of the dup is encouraging it . 
  it would be a different story if you had to give up your uk passport in order to get your irish one . 
  in that case i doubt we 'd be seeing this increase in applications ( which is only a few thousand extra , it 's not like the millions of british who are eligible are all rushing for it at once ) . 
  yes indeed , i 'm just wondering which nationalities do n't already follow this anti-bragging norm ? 
  very well done guide . 
  i think it would apply to many northern european countries . 
  the driving culture would be a bit different in some countries ( italy i 'm look at you ! ) . 
  the speaking loudly and right wing opinions is probably for americans ( god they are loud in restaurants when you 're trying to have an nice lunch ) . 
  i 'm not sure who the bragging point is directed at ? 
  eastern europeans ? 
  or americans ? 
  well the only thing that is critical is an open border with ni which i do n't think the eu want to mess with . 
  brussels wo n't want to be responsible for the end of the ni peace process i suspect . 
  as far as the economy of ireland goes , although the uk accounts for a huge % of our trade , it 's not nearly as much as it used to be . 
  if hard tariffs go up we will be in big trouble but we 'll survive . 
  we are basically europeans here . 
  it 's an emotional identity thing that is strong enough to survive some hard times . 
  there is no party in ireland that wants to leave the eu . 
  as if we are ever let forget that loan ... being paid back along with the rest of the imf / eurozone bailout loan ... with interest . 
  it was n't a gift that we need to prostrate ourselves in thanks for and the more you and daily mail commenters bring up the less thankful i feel . 
  it hardly compares to the damage you have done to us with your brexit vote . 
  the uk wo n't have to pay it before brexit , they 'll just have to acknowledge it before a deal is done . 
  they can pay it long after brexit happens . 
  in my giddy moments i want the uk to be offered the worst possible deal just to punish them . 
  but when i calm down a little i think of the damage that would do to our economy . 
  i 'm glad the voters wo n't decide this one ( although the eu parliament has a veto on the deal , and they may be tempted to go with a popular feeling ) . 
  oh you silly sausages in the uk . 
  life used to be so easy before you went mad . 
  quoting chilcot [ britain 's iraq policy was ] `` made on the basis of flawed intelligence and assessments '' , [ intelligence reports ] `` were not challenged , and they should have been '' . 
  well they have n't covered themselves in glory with their iraq wmd . 
  in fact i 'd say your intelligence services are dangerously stupid considering what all of us have to put up with since your silly war in iraq . 
  anyway , back on topic , you 're in the wrong century if you really think the uk is ever going to fire a weapon at spain . 
   appropriate , firm , and proportionate measures funny , because i often see just this kind of language under articles on the falklands or gibraltar . 
  i think it comes from people who last looked around at the world from a 1980 's english perspective . 
  this kind of understated threat holds no water these days ( in fact its a bit laughable ) , but the dm 's legion of armchair generals do n't know it . 
  yes that could be what happens exactly . 
  but i would n't underestimate how attractive a spanish govt , dealing with multiple problems at home , would find closing that border . 
  it could be too tempting . 
  it could be years until the situation normalises again . 
  i expect it to happen , despite it not being a wise move . 
  i was being a bit facetious . 
  though , while i do n't necessarily agree with the idea of spain closing that border to punish gibralter , i ca n't see what the uk could do about it as long as spain have any legal excuse to close it . 
   also , in the event of a border closure by spain , the uk must be prepared to respond with appropriate , firm , and proportionate measures against madrid . 
  this is the kind of line you read in the daily mail comments section . 
  it 's hard to believe this type of person still exists let alone they are a former mod special advisor . 
  such a delusion that the uk could take action or even put up sanctions against eu member if they were acting within the law . 
  and with security and immigration the way it is , it would n't take much for spain to close that border shut . 
   based on what ? 
  a gut feeling . 
  no , more like a closed border if they do n't share sovereignty . 
  plus most of gibraltar 's exports are to spain and the rest of the eu . 
  when you have them by the balls the hearts and minds quickly follow . 
  yes that 's true , i forgot that .
