  we are still awaiting the trial of david drumm former ceo of anglo who was to many the prototype of arrogance and recklessness . 
  yes he 's an arch remainer , but what was of main interest to me was how much schadenfreude the british commentators below the article were showing their own farmers . 
  i wonder if some british redditors who come on to r/europe to explain brexit to eu redditors might be conflicted themselves and perhaps even contemptuous of brexiteers when the debate is just among british people ? 
  ( genuine question . 
  i know brexit has stirred up some strong feelings in me , many of which are conflicting ) . 
  never go full brass eye . 
  excuse me !, 
  myself and my wife came here to shit on the uk 24 hours a day . 
  we were never informed that were are now expected to shit on poland too . 
  this is most inconvenient . 
  this article was also posted in r/unitedkingdom [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/unitedkingdom/comments/4v0ur5/farmers_who_voted_brexit_now_at_dismay_due_to_thr/ ), 
   personally i would be very upset if irelands economy was ruined by the eu refusing to compromise even if the uk was fine , it would be utterly senseless , and ireland has had enough problems lately . 
  ruined is far too strong a word . 
  it would knock a couple of points off gdp for sure and that 's very serious . 
  but i do n't expect that will even happen even if the eu do n't budge 2.4 cm on fom . 
  a free trade agreement for goods is the least i expect to happen . 
  if tariffs happen irish agriculture exports will take a big hit for a good few years but even they will bounce back as they find other markets and product offerings . 
  i do n't want to sound like that would n't be a big price , but it would n't mean ruin and it would mean preserving eu cohesion . 
  ah yes , time limited compromises on fom are certainly possible , even desirable to get past negotiation blocks . 
  an ongoing opt-out is too much of a compromise from my perspective . 
  tell me about these compromises ? 
  are you talking about norway and switzerland or other deals ? 
  it 's only sensible to not sell off the pillars that keep a roof over everyone 's head . 
  the four freedoms are the reason we 're together . 
  if we compromise them we could damage the whole eu project . 
  that 's not crazy talk . 
  what 's crazy is to sell out for the sake of avoiding knocking a few points off gdp growth for the next few years . 
  that would be real short term thinking . 
  i do n't need the uk to be punished per se ( although part of me would be happy with that it 's not the bigger part ) . 
  i just need the best arrangements to be reserved for eu members . 
  it really would . 
  but we 'll recover and re-orient . 
  it 's more important to keep the eu in good health after this brexit amputation . 
  depending on his time of activity he could well be a terrorist to many of us irish too . 
  if he was active in the 1970s or after , i have bad news for you . 
  there are plenty of models that benefit the eu and uk economies but damage the union in the long term , so yes it matters . 
  as long as the four freedoms stay a fixed menu it should be alright , the uk wo n't be able to go for it , and the natural consequences of brexit for both sides will result . 
  she would say that , would n't she ? 
  since the model on the shelf clearly says the four freedoms are n't a menu for the uk to choose from . 
  wow , and what would you do about all the immigrants there already ? 
  i 'd like to think that 's true , like i liked to think the british would never leave the eu or that trump would self implode before getting to the republican convention . 
  but then gingrich comes out a few days ago and says `` i 'm not sure i would risk a nuclear war over some place which is the suburbs of st. petersburg '' ( referring to estonia ) . 
  maybe the us establishment will take the opportunity to go back to non-interventionism . 
  no one seems to thank them for intervening anyway ( i do n't tend either ) and it costs them a shit load . 
  i can see how that works for finland , and since its not part of nato it sounds like the only way to go . 
  i 'm just worried that if trump gets in there will be no-one to resist putin taking the baltic states . 
  as others have said , perhaps no one could ( or wants to ) stop them militarily but is the will even there to properly confront them economically or would we all just suck it up like we seem to be doing with crimea . 
   there 's a difference between appeasement and not trying to stir up the pot and make the situation worse . 
  yes , and please do n't think i am suggesting i have an answer or that i believe confrontation is the only way . 
  i 'm from a neutral country far away from russia . 
  it 's easy to talk when you 're not in the direct line of fire . 
  fair enough . 
  it 's plain to see why germany would want to normalise relations with russia . 
  any differences on that tactic boil down to the old appeasement dilemma . 
  is russia even appeasable ? 
  can you normalise relations with them if their current incarnation demands territory and external enemies to distract the populace from their crushing fall in status and wealth . 
  i meant internal pressures within germany to ease sanctions against russia . 
  the german govt is keen to normalise relations with russia , being so close to the danger zone . 
  i mean this is widely reported in reputable media , i 'm not trying to have a go at you . 
  do you need my sources on this ? 
  i should hope so , given what russia has been up to recently . 
  but i 'm talking about pressures to ease sanctions and the tendancy to seek accommodations with russia . 
  not recognising it as an aggressor who simply needs to be pushed back against . 
  germans seem to want to take no side between russia and the west ? 
  would europe have the ability to resist putin rolling into the baltic states by ourselves assuming a trump presidency in the us ? 
  this is the thing that really scares me . 
  many of the countries of the eu ( germany , italy , greece ) seem to want to appease him . 
  surely even without any us help we 'd be able to come up with something to protect fellow eu citizens if russia invaded ? 
  what 's a proper brexit if a `` genuine opt-out from free movement '' is not it ? 
  but it 's ... oh you didn ... 
  i ca n't believe you ju . . !, 
  of course there is no evidence of european funding bodies discriminating against the uk . 
  two points : 1 ) anecdotally , it is european scientists who are afraid to include uk colleagues in funding applications , so the funding bodies would n't even get to discriminate . 
  2 ) it is only a few weeks since the brexit vote . 
  it would be peculiar if there was enough time for evidence to exist anyway . 
  yes indeed , the middle might be even more dangerous . 
  screwing with the middle is what wins brexit referendums and puts trumps in power . 
  but i just do n't see the western or eastern economies re-distributing wealth and comforts fast enough to stop the un-hoped , dispossessed from having to take a decent standard of living off the rich by force . 
  i mean , when has a major re-distribution of wealth happened without at least the serious threat of revolution ? 
  the risk is that the already angry lowest 10 % , betrayed by whatever form of brexit really happens , are then further betrayed by technology strutting forward to take the jobs they thought of as theirs . 
  what 's to stop them simply banding together to smash the ai and anyone who stands in their way ? 
  this is the skill gap between juncker / hollande and merkel . 
  merkel got it straight away , she said the the uk should take a bit of time to think brexit through before invoking a50 . 
  she understood that she was going to be forced to wait anyway , so she positioned herself to look like it was done with her consent . 
  contrast with juncker and hollande who huffed and puffed about invoking a50 asap and now have to change their tune and make it obvious to all that they have been defied . 
  to me this is just one example how missing pair of balls can be a big advantage to a politician . 
  who said this ? 
  `` because not everybody knows this but the full title of my party is the conservative and unionist party and that word unionist is very important to me . 
  it means we believe in the union ... '', 
   are you suggesting scotland would fight a war with the rest of the uk ? 
  u crazy ? 
   yes it could be ignored . 
  just look at catalonia in spain . 
  there is definitely a majority who want independence but it is n't happening . 
  well that 's true , if it had a 40 % turnout like in catalonia then it could be ignored . 
  i was assuming that there would be a majority for independence in scotland and that most of them would turnout . 
  the numbers would provide the pressure on westminster . 
  if the maths shows a likely majority , this simply could not be ignored . 
  project fear 2.0 begins here !, 
  this could have been the case when the uk was in the eu , but the uk just walked out on its friends in the eu .
