  being dismissed from their jobs is not as fatal for turkish democracy as if those same people were denied their vote . 
  turkey is in trouble no doubt , erdogan perhaps even wants to be a dictator . 
  it 's all down to whether the institution of democracy in turkey are stronger than his power lust and if they will function to take away his power when the next election happens if people think he screwed up . 
  i think the people out on the streets were just as much there for democracy than any love of erdogan . 
  i admit that the dismissal of 3000 judges did seem like an attack on the separation of powers . 
  the declaration of a state of emergency was only to be expected after the military try to seize power and kill the president himself . 
  i only hope turkish voters will punish erdogan in time his excesses ... but maybe they wo n't . 
  that 's democracy . 
  i 'm just glad the coup did n't succeed for turkey 's sake and for europe 's sake . 
  not arguing about that and i agree with you . 
  i was just pointing out the divide and rule tactic so beloved by the british and that merkel does n't have much she can do about when article 50 gets triggered . 
  irish pm . 
  useful to talk to if you 're trying to build a consensus on something in the eu . 
  we expect the divide and conquer from the british . 
  it 's how the empire was bolted together after all . 
  merkel is just a clever politician . 
  something is going to happen anyway ( uk delaying invoking a50 ) merkel says it 's understandable ( making it look like her approval is in someway causal , gathering power to herself ) . 
  i see that it looks like the eu is demanding complete control of the process by not talking before art 50 is triggered but you must see that if it opened negotiations now the uk would have complete control over the process , waiting until it had a deal it liked before triggering . 
  meanwhile the uncertainty would corrode everyone . 
  in other words , the eu want the divorce papers before the assets are divided . 
  the opposite is only prolonged torture and drama for everyone . 
  in reality there will be plenty of informal talks though . 
  to my mind he wo n't be a dictator until he refuses to pass on power in a legitimate election . 
  concentrating power and adjusting how it is wielded is n't necessarily a cause for concern as long as the people still have the power to boot you out for it in the next election . 
  i 'm not saying it 's not cause for concern , i 'm just saying a coup might have been worse than this . 
  you could vote to abolish westminster so that democracy gets even more local to you . 
  you could have a parliament for every street . 
  i 'm sure there are plenty of things you do n't like about uk politics too . 
  you have an unelected house of lords , where failed politicians retire and snooze . 
  you have an unelected monarch etc etc. 
  this is not to throw stones at british democracy , but merely to point out that the lack of perfection of the authorities that provide order to our lives is not necessarily a reason to withdraw from them and isolate oneself . 
  more energetic participation is just as good , if not better . 
  i am personally heartbroken by the uk decision to leave the eu . 
  all the painful anglo - irish history was given a context by the eu . 
  as if all that suffering at least brought about something good that we have in common . 
  then it was tossed away by the english ( not the scots , not the n.irish ) . 
  it will take me a long time to come to terms with it . 
  so turkish democracy would be even further set back ? 
  i 'm glad the coup failed . 
  if the turks want to elect an idiot like erdogan they have to put up with his decisions . 
  he has n't yet become a dictator . 
  if he cancels the next elections or refuses to hand over power , or rigs the next elections , then i 'd be sad . 
  until then , i 'm happy enough . 
  i really doubt that even in an eu army it could be that simple and everyone being seen as just ` european ' given the histories and tensions within the eu . 
  as you say its all about who controls when this army gets deployed . 
  if one nation is against some foreign action , can it veto the action ? 
  ( therefore making the eu army ineffective and lacking credibility ) . 
  as you say it completely requires a single , credible democratic oversight . 
  until then ( which seems a long way away to me ) nation states will need to form coalitions of the willing for action . 
  that is not to say there ca n't be a common defence pact to replace nato if it crumbles . 
  french troops being ordered into battle to die by a german general ? 
  formerly neutral countries like ireland asked to talk part in missions outside the eu ? 
  the european identity is not yet well enough established to make a success of an eu army yet imo . 
  perhaps eu nations can do a defence pact if nato crumbles , but each countries military should stay under the command of its own people for now i think . 
  i take your point about the working class not being idiotic , how they have been ignored and derided . 
  however i do think they voted against their own interests with brexit . 
  the working class will be hurt most by brexit , when the car factories stop investing in the uk , when the price of food goes up because the cheap labour does n't come ( or cheaper food can be imported from the eu assuming a decent trade deal ) . 
  sure some working class people will get better paid work because brexit will create labour shortages at the low paid end in some sectors , but that will also increase costs for uk businesses . 
  brexit inspired labour shortages might even help push back zero hour contracts . 
  but these low paid or no paid working class voters wanted a more closed britain , a protected britain for their benefit . 
  i really do n't think that 's going to happen . 
  someone has to betray one or more of the groups that voted for brexit because they had competing interests . 
  i bet the free traders will beat the working class protectionists and there will be social upheaval for decades in the hollowed out former manufacturing towns and cities . 
  he really is playing a dangerous game here . 
  when you combine this with his general view that america ca n't be interventionist , what would stop putin from just walking in to the baltic states under a trump presidency ? 
  the signalling is clear . 
  that is not to say that the baltic states and former warsaw pact countries should get away with skimping on their 2 % nato obligations . 
  i suppose this is all ironic coming from an irish person who gets their defense for free . 
  what a waste of uk national resources that could have been directed at solving problems for the next 5 years . 
  in the time it will takes to consult with all the interested parties before clause 50 is invoked , the brexiteers will learn to appreciate the role of the eu in reality , vs the fictional badie they see now . 
  pro brexit berry farmers will find it hard post brexit to get someone to come to their land at 6am to work a full day on their knees for minimum wage . 
  some delight at blocking inspectors today but will they be happy to welcome british inspectors doing the same job , applying the same standards in the future ? 
  can you show me when ireland was ever called little britain ? 
  it used to be in the ` british isles ' ( which some people still use in error ) and the bigger of the isles was called ` great britain ' . 
  the romans referred to the island of ireland as hibernia . 
  as for putting the great back in great britain , i noticed something was off over the last 5 or so years as uk tv started to created shows with `` great british ... '' in the title . 
  it seemed a strained effort but i did n't realise how desperate the english were for their identity as superior and distinct . 
  wales were like a faithful dog coming along for the adventure . 
  i fear what will happen when the superiority and distinction does n't appear . 
  this is what happens in a divorce . 
  both sides will end up hating each other before we 're finished . 
  it does n't have to be shouty or irrational anger , but it will be deeply felt . 
  then over the years perhaps a mellowing will occur . 
  exactly , but she wants to say this too . 
  politically it will do her no harm to pluck some thatcherite strings to lull the right of the party to sleep . 
  finally , someone comes up with a decent idea that matches the same thinking that was going on in my head . 
  who was it that came up with this ? 
  hmmm let me see. , , , what ? 
  omfg , it feels like the end of the world when i agree with him . 
  up is now down , lions are lying down with lambs . 
  i need to go to bed . 
  i would say dublin would n't bore anyone for a weekend or a week 's visit or even a month . 
  but living in dublin compared to london or paris might feel like a big step down in excitement !, 
  quotes from the article :  `` government ministers have privately criticised leading uk ministers , including boris johnson , in briefings to colleagues on britain 's exit from the european union . 
   the memo was discussed at a meeting of the cabinet subcommittee on brexit last week , which also heard minister for jobs mary mitchell o\u2019connor compare her uk counterpart 's attitude to brexit as a husband who wants to divorce his wife but keep all the assets , including the family home . '', 
   `` ms mitchell o\u2019connor 's comments , although they drew laughter , reflect a concern among ministers about british expectations . '', 
   `` ms mitchell o\u2019connor was surprised by the approach taken by dr fox at their recent meeting . 
  he is understood to have said britain wants to maintain access to the eu single market but also exercise control over immigration , which is at odds with the eu position that single market access must be accompanied by free movement of people . 
  it is understood dr fox said that if the uk was not granted access to the single market , the eu would have to pay compensation to countries such as south korea , with whom the eu has a free trade deal . 
  losing britain as a member of the single market meant the market for south korea would shrink , and the eu would have to pay compensation to that country for it . '',
