  what could go wrong ? 
  the decision only applies to people who do n't have a fixed place of work . 
  travelling sales people etc. 
  they already tend to have commission based compensation to disincentivise cheating the clock . 
  i wonder what would happen if hammond resigns as chancellor ? 
  even though its nice to annoy the brexstremists this article is pure euro indulgence . 
  too arrogant and patronising of the uk to be something i really support . 
  i do n't want the uk to think it 's the eu 's equal , but i do n't want us to remind them of it , let them figure it out themselves . 
  we all actually want as close to a win win deal with the uk as can be done without rewarding them for quitting the eu , which must always bring the best benefits of all . 
  after that we should avoid antagonising them ( it might even annoy them more ) . 
  ireland wo n't stop others going ahead , it is just not interested in being part of an eu army . 
  because it 's neutral . 
  well the uk govt has been antagonistic imo . 
  the eu commission has n't responded . 
  it would be better for a win win negotiation if the uk govt stopped playing to the crowd and kept a dignified silence like the commission has tried to do to date . 
  i doubt the commission will be able to maintain its silence if fox , davis , johnson and may keep up with the clownishness . 
  you love asking for sources , so show me where the ` eu ' as a group issued those statements . 
  great article written with more than a bit of wisdom . 
  to anyone watching the 4 at the front of the uk 's brexit positioning it just looks like a clown show . 
  it is at times hard to believe that these ministers want what they say they want when their actions and speeches are so antagonistic to the eu giving them what they say they want . 
  our policy is neutrality . 
  it says so on the dept of foreign affairs website . 
  yes a govt could decide to change it but none has since the foundation of the state . 
  things do n't need to be written into the constitution in order to be true . 
  if the uk is in the eea then maybe not too tricky . 
  otherwise it 's all open to play for and will require goodwill from the eu to facilitate . 
  i hope the uk preserves goodwill in the meantime . 
  so we have a complex negotiation ahead in relation to preventing smuggling across the eu / uk border in ni . 
  preventing border infections there wo n't be easy and will require the eu to agree . 
  i hate to ask for a source cos it interrupts the flow but could you point me at where you get this info from ? 
  i 'm presuming the eu has a veto over eu external border arrangements , even if they do n't impact free movement of eu people . 
  easily ? 
  like david davis thought the uk could easily negotiate trade deals with each of the remaining 27 eu nations until someone told him that the eu negotiates as one . 
  the same applies here . 
  ireland needs the eu to agree to any agreement we make with the uk . 
  it is certainly not easy . 
  yes i did forget that . 
  but at least they ca n't get into the rest of the eu , only ireland , even we have to show passports when entering schengen and so will these non eu citizens coming from the uk . 
  at this point my own priority is 100 % about keeping the irish border with northern ireland open . 
  i hope the rest of the eu will help ireland achieve this when the uk leaves . 
  most voters in the uk did n't give two shits about peace in ireland where they voted to leave . 
  this only affects non eu citizens . 
  eu citizens will have the same experience as now . 
  ireland is not in schengen, 
  you 've got the wrong idea , the only people this will affect is non eu citizens . 
  keeping the border open will involve some creative thinking like this so i 'm interested to see if this can work . 
  it wo n't help with that or anything to do with eu citizens . 
  the idea is that it will help stop non eu migrants abusing the common travel area between ireland and the uk to get to the uk by getting to ireland first . 
  the uk will stay completely open to eu citizens travelling there ( but not to them working there or claiming benefits ) . 
  in politics when you 're explaining you 're losing . 
  the interesting thing with this is that everyone was primed and reacted as if uk policy was to name foreigners working in british companies , when all it was was an idea floated at the tory conference to count the number of foreigners in each company . 
  it almost did n't matter what the facts were . 
  people have put the uk in the bad guy role now and are ready to think the worst . 
  it 's going to feel like you can not win for a while . 
  i would n't be surprised if hollywood puts english nationalists as bad guys in movies . 
  the readiness to believe the worst about the uk is what has changed . 
  certainly time you took a break from this sub then . 
  brexit is too big an event to expect normal relations to go on . 
  i 'm not sure if you are one but i find many uk people lack an emotional relationship with the eu like many of the rest of the eu nations citizens have . 
  it baffles some uk people why some of the rest of us might be upset / angry about you leaving . 
  as if the anger is unjustified or being artificially created just to annoy . 
  as if being a european is just about business . 
  well its not . 
  i think you ca n't expect anything less than the change in attitude you have perceived on this sub , and also in real life , after this brexit vote . 
  we read the british papers twisting , exaggerating , lying about the eu for decades before this vote . 
  the eu could n't win . 
  what ' s happening on this sub to uk defenders is just like that . 
  it 's not fair but it feels right under the circumstances . 
  since you 're going anyway what 's the point in pretending ? 
  britain is the local bad guy again . 
  there 's not much chance it will change for the next decade or so i suspect . 
  what 's done is done and the 48 % have to go off with the 52 % . 
  it 's not r/europe 's fault , the people of the uk did this ( not their politicians as you say ) . 
  i keep hearing that the uk has n't left europe . 
  that 's not an honest statement . 
  it 's hollow wordplay . 
  we 've benefitted from eu membership so far , there is n't a party that 's against membership . 
  so if things got really bad from now on it would take years and years before a majority for exit comes about . 
  france , italy and the netherlands are all far further along that road than us . 
  for now i would n't worry . 
  we can survive brexit in the eu as long as some basic common sense is used . 
  what an adventure these brexit idealists are taking their country on !, 
  i 'm really sorry you 're going . 
  genuinely upset even now . 
  you 'll find northern ireland will take its annual # 12bn welfare payment in any currency the generous people of southern england choose to pay it in . 
  no , like when the uk voted out i felt some of my eu identity was ripped from me . 
  do n't bother with the soulless bureaucracy stuff by the way . 
  if the eu was only the commission then that would be ok , but the eu is more about the ties that bind eu citizens together in a shared past and shared future . 
  that 's where the emotion is . 
  administrations are always soulless and power grabbing . 
  the eu is the reason why i can feel part of the great cultural heritage of europe . 
  its about far far more than temporary leaders . 
  we 're actually all relying on people like you to take it back after the rest realise how destructive the current path they 're on will be . 
  the centre ground looks wide open to me , the liberals will surely rise again ? 
  the uk media just love the instability . 
  they help build things up to knock them down . 
  over and over again . 
  the pound will be the same i suspect . 
  congratulations , keep up the excellent work my romanian eurochums !, 
  it will be our problem if the good friday agreement falls and the killing starts up again .
