  everybody does like donegal . 
  i 've no doubt the unbelieving british civil servants will do an excellent job at planning for , resourcing and executing the job of raising the brexit gun to their own head and shooting it . 
  whats all this jibber jabber on this thread anyway ? 
  arguing on merits is not how we do things in the eu !!, 
  the location of eu agencies has nothing much to do with where the corresponding industry is or where its headquartered or where the research is done . 
  it 's to do with political clout in the eu at the time . 
  the bigger states divided up all the agencies . 
  the uk got the eba ( banking ) and the ema ( medicines ) . 
  both will have to be moved after brexit . 
  they 'll probably go to a big country in all the horsetrading . 
  ireland should be happy as long as there is no hard border with northern ireland . 
  dublin property prices hardly needs another 500 people competing for houses and office space and no where else in ireland would be attractive enough to the staff . 
  total side point but i wish dw journalists would n't use american english so often in headlines and reportage ( i listen to their english language podcast too ) . 
  what 's wrong with using european english ( as in the english spoken natively in many countries in europe , not just britain ) . 
  trash is a completely american word for bin , dustbin , dump etc. 
  sorry , rant over !, 
  yes austerity . 
  it was n't done sharply enough in the uk . 
  the pain was delayed and now the next crisis has hit before the deficit was eliminated . 
  who are you trying to fool ? 
  the brexit vote makes everything worse for the uk economy , for at least the medium term . 
  you might hope for freedom to maneuver , but you might n't even achieve that if you stay close to the single market . 
  britain 's growth was doing relatively well ( not `` way ahead of the rest of the eu '' . 
  ahead of the uk on real gdp growth last year was ireland , luxembourg , czech rep , poland , malta , romania , slovakia , spain , hungary and sweden ) . 
  but the uk never took its medicine after 2008 and is stuck with a huge deficit . 
  now there 'll be more borrowing to cope with the shock of brexit , so the current deficit will be funded by future british tax payers for a generation to come . 
  given that the uk imports more than it exports , a weak sterling only makes things worse if you want to maintain your current way of life . 
  but yes , politicians wo n't waste brexit . 
  everything they promised and could n't deliver will be blamed on brexit , even if it would never have happened anyway . 
  its a deal !, 
  roi if you like . 
  reads like wishful thinking to me . 
  i agree that the cameron fear campaign was over the top but in the transition alone investment decisions will be delayed or go elsewhere . 
  top people wo n't be as keen to re-locate to the uk feeling somewhat rejected by the vote or fearing a status change after they get there . 
  in the transition alone a few points will be knocked off gdp perhaps enough for a recession . 
  then after brexit , who knows if the city of london will have passporting rights or the uk will have access to the single market ? 
  finally , since the uk imports far more than it exports , a weakened currency only helps british exporters , it harms the british economy as a whole if british people continue buying the same stuff . 
  yes , i understand . 
  i know you 're not leaving europe or nato but the eu is so much of europe your engagement with europe will be less than it was . 
  r/europe will treat you differently now that you 've decided to walk out on the eu ( it will look like we 're trying to directly annoy you but that 's just us trying to figure out who were are without you . 
  we have to talk about you a lot before that process is complete ) . 
  r/eu only has 800 member by the way so r/europe = r/eu in effect in the real world europe too , you 'll be treated differently , since you 've chosen to go off by yourselves . 
  perhaps you 've notice this already if you 've travelled after the referendum ? 
  in the end british remainers can explain all they want to their eu friends that they themselves voted to stay and how much they like the eu etc. 
  but they 'll still walk out the same door , tied to the brexiters , straight into whatever separate future britain has , distinct from the eu , for better or worse . 
  if the uk could walk out on europe it would . 
  its ideal would be to establish itself mid-atlantic . 
  facing the open sea on all sides . 
  sadly its anchored where it is , cock-blocking ireland from making love to mainland europe . 
  yes , that can be a bit of a pain . 
  if you are worried about creating a confusion you can always refer to the whole of ireland as `` the island of ireland '' as many of us do . 
  and if you think referring to ireland by its official name in english ( i.e. 
  `` ireland '' ) is too confusing in a particular context , you can always differentiate ireland from ni by saying `` the republic of ireland '' ( although that 's not the name of the country ) . 
  just please do n't use eire when speaking english , it 's only done by english people for some mad reason lost to history . 
  no one is stopping you from posting , but you 'll be 2nd class citizens here ( pun intended ) whether you like it or not . 
  i mean what do you expect to happen ? 
  you left saying you wanted a better life , we are going to shit talk about you !, 
  ha , good stuff . 
  keep on poking : ), 
  i 'm afraid r/europe is going to be a frustrating place for you from now on . 
  you do make a very good contribution and your point of view helps keep us real but you must understand that this sub-reddit is never going to want the uk to do better outside the eu than inside it . 
  yes , it 's a prison where entry is by mutual agreement and the keys are left lying about for anyone to leave at any time they choose ( article 50 ) . 
  yes , that 's a much better metaphor than a marriage . 
  i do n't buy that at all . 
  how many people on r/europe have ever heard of the word eire ? 
  far less than do n't know that the northern part of ireland is in the uk . 
  anyway , if you 'd call it ireland instead of eire you 'd get a better response in every forum outside england i can assure you . 
  that 's what happens in divorces . 
  we did n't walk out on the uk . 
  have you ever seen any divorce where emotions ran low as opposed to high ? 
  i took it to mean that there 's a lot of comment from people telling scotland why they ca n't make a success of independence . 
  i think / r/ukpolitics is also thought of as more brexity than / r/unitedkingdom or ( obviously ) / r/europe . 
   because the eu would never accept it . 
  ireland is already getting more pressure every year to increase it , as it 's corporation tax is hurting other countries . 
  they say its hurting other countries but that 's just competition for you . 
  they do n't like it when they lose out . 
  the irish corporation tax of 12.5 % is protected in eu treaties . 
  there 's certainly unhappiness in the eu about it but it will never be increased . 
  the pressures are more based around what corporate money flows should be taxed at 12.5 % and what ones have nothing to do with any economic activity in europe and should be let go without being taxed . 
  the effective corporation tax is a battleground but the headline 12.5 % rate itself has nothing to do with the eu . 
  people will always tell people who are considering striking out on their own that they 'll never make it . 
  the united kingdom said the same about ireland when it split all those decade ago . 
  it was a hard road for a long while but even at the toughest times , no one ever looked back . 
  there 's absolutely no reason that scotland cant be successful . 
  it just has to want independence enough and it will never look back . 
   scotland ca n't afford to drop its corporation tax that low who says it ca n't ? 
  it just has to compensate by raising other taxes . 
   and some of the preferential tax rates given to companies like apple in eire have been deemed illegal . 
  not true . 
  the apple case is being investigated by the eu and the result is due soon . 
  nothing has been deemed illegal yet . 
  ireland maintains it has done nothing preferential for particular companies . 
  finally on `` eire '' a tip for british people . 
  you would n't call germany `` deutschland '' when speaking english would you ? 
  so why do you refer to ireland by it 's gaelic name here ? 
  you can just call it `` ireland '' , that 's its official name in english . 
  northern ireland can be called `` northern ireland '' to differentiate it from the state called `` ireland '' . 
  they conspired together to commit a fraud on investors in the banks by setting up a circular transfer of funds ( $ 7bn ) from one bank to anglo irish bank ( and later back to the originating bank ) to make it look like anglo had more deposits than it actually did . 
  it was all a con on anglo investors and designed to fool people into believing irish banks were n't about to collapse , when in fact they were . 
  finally some suits actually do some jail time , 8 years later .
