  i think brussels is extra vires in its investigation and this is a power grab by them . 
  if it tries to fine apple , it will appeal and then go into the courts for years . 
  yes , but the eu does n't have a law / treaty on how transfer pricing is to be handled as far as i know ( i 'm not an eu lawyer ) . 
  these powers are with the eu states . 
  ireland has a tax law that is applied without favour to corps . 
  there is an arms length clause in irish law that relates to transfer pricing ( i just checked ) . 
  yes , if any deal or tax ruling with apple was illegal under irish law , it would have to be challenged in irish courts . 
  if people think the irish courts have failed to uphold irish law , then the eu courts can be consulted to rule on whether ** irish ** law was properly applied . 
  but still , there is no eu overarching law on how transfer pricing is to be handled that trumps irish law . 
  there is only an eu law on illegal state aid which it seems means the commission can issue fines . 
  these threatened fines are coming through this mechanism , not through the courts and not though irish transfer pricing law . 
  it 's not just me . 
  it was n't against the rules . 
  it was a legitimate way around paying taxes in any country . 
  and now it has been closed . 
  it was a very silly name though , and this is coming from someone who really likes sandwiches . 
  i 'm saying ( like the us is saying ) that i believe brussels has no power to determine how transfer pricing is looked upon . 
  that 's a power the individual countries in the eu have . 
  if ireland deems a certain kind of transfer is not to be taxed then brussels has no treaty power to say otherwise . 
  it 's a free for all . 
  irish law applies in this case . 
  for brussels to somehow fine apple for this would be a power grab that would rattle the eu , not just the eu / us relationship . 
  i believe this investigation is about illegal state aid . 
  ireland gives grants to companies setting up afresh in ireland but it does n't give tax rebates or aid after that . 
  it does n't create special tax rates with individual companies . 
  it is always nominally 12.5 % . 
  the effective tax rate is actually close to that in ireland ( or so our revenue service claim ) . 
  i believe that is within the law here and within eu treaties . 
  in terms of brussel 's legal power to investigate and fine companies , i did n't think there was as much an issue about where the profits were made , and what country flows of money should be taxed in . 
  i do n't think brussels has the power to do much on that without a tax harmonisation treaty . 
  there has been political pressure to close loopholes but in the end eu countries individually decide how they tax various flows of corporate monies flowing through their territories . 
  i am prepared to be corrected here !, 
  yes , you are right , i mixed up my points . 
  i 'll delete that comment . 
  no the eu is n't planning to send the money over to the us . 
  it wants these higher taxes to be paid to eu govts . 
  there are two sides to the argument within the us . 
  on one hand you have senators castigating ireland as a tax haven ( when it is nothing of the sort , it is merely a low corp tax country whose rates are applied without favour , transparently , without `` deals '' for individual companies . 
  though they do get grants to setup here ) . 
  for those senators i am suggesting that the us tax these foreign profits of us companies if they feel so aggrieved about it . 
  or the us could lower its own corp tax and trillions of $ earned outside the us by us corps would suddenly flow back to the us . 
  the other argument is from the us treasury which is warning the eu not to impose arbitrary back-taxes on us corps operating in the eu because that would disadvantage us corps vs eu corps . 
  and i agree . 
  the eu ( or i should say brussels ) would be wrong to do that . 
  if the eu wants the legal basis to collect back taxes from us corps on behalf of eu countries it feels have not taxed them enough , then it needs an eu tax harmonisation treaty , set the common rules and apply them from that point on , not retrospectively . 
  it does n't have one because the actual eu countries do n't want one and brussels hates that fact . 
  you are right . 
  i 'm all for tightening tax law to close theses loops . 
  ireland has worked to close the double irish dutch sandwich etc. 
  but this particular investigation into the tax rate that ireland offered apple is dubious and quasi political . 
  perhaps it 's due to frustration at the pace of eu tax harmonisation . 
  if the brussels try to retrospectively tax apple for billions that went through ireland it will be a strong arm measure / a shake down , not an application of existing law . 
  i think it 's because the eu 's interpretation of tax law here is not something any court would uphold . 
  ireland is just applying its own corporate tax law with apple and the eu has n't any treaty to harmonise that . 
  you see what you did wrong there ? 
  you looked up `` french '' instead of `` race '' . 
  if you 'd done what i suggested you would have found race defined as `` a group of people united or classified together on the basis of common history , nationality , or geographic distribution '' ( in the freedictionary.com ) . 
  now , you still have n't provided an argument why you think it 's ok to use race sensitive terms when talking to people on the internet . 
  on one hand you are accusing me of being `` butthurt '' just for making an coherent argument and on the other you seem to be losing your temper when i invite you to make one yourself ? 
  look up a dictionary on `` race '' , any group of people with common ancestry can be thought of as a race , it 's not just white people , black people etc. 
  irish can be a race . 
  french can be a race . 
  and provide an argument beyond ` get a grip '' if you are going to advise me . 
   it 's funny how just 4 days ago you posted this : i 'm not sure i see the problem ? 
  you have noticed that i am irish have n't you ? 
  if you suggest a lack of reaction to racist baiting = no one being upset about it , then i would disagree . 
  most of the time it 's easier not to react . 
  but you claim to understand scottish people , and , it seems , french people . 
  so perhaps i 'm just wrong . 
  he called french people `` frogs '' in another comment . 
  look up his comments . 
  it 's not a nice habit , it 's just baiting people to react . 
  and do n't try to tell me that you `` know '' how scottish people react to things . 
  that 's another conceit . 
  i agree . 
  i ca n't understand how people in ni and scotland stay under the condescension year after year . 
  well , i can understand it , they get very large transfers every year , but still it ca n't be good for the self respect . 
  that 's what it 's always called , ` banter ' , but it just causes annoyance and resentment that ca n't be expressed on the receiving end . 
  it 's really just aggression disguised as humour . 
  if someone objects , they can be dismissed as ` not being able to take a joke '' . 
  it 's no. 1 on the faq of `` how to be a bully '' . 
  good !, 
  if this turns out to be true a republican terrorist just wasted years of his life joining the british army for cover for some attack that hopefully wo n't happen now . 
  some people do n't know a peace process when it hits them in the face . 
  edit : just read that some dissidents join the royal marines for the training . 
  fair enough , it does give an accurate impression of the before and after . 
  so sorry for them and what it must be like there today . 
  it does n't look like the same road at all . 
  the clock on the tower is in a different position in one shot to the other . 
  still , there 's obviously been a lot of damage and terrible loss of life . 
  it will certainly have that effect . 
  it seems a little silly for the govt to recommend this . 
  back a couple of decades ago an irish minister sent out anti-radiation pills to every house in case of an accident in a uk nuclear power station . 
  waste of money which completely ignored the abilities of emergency managers to distribute essential items centrally stockpiled . 
  same here . 
  the sun is out right now !, 
  i 'm in a t-shirt !, 
  a stunning achievement . 
  there 's lots of different types of nuns and closed orders of them are n't that unusual in the catholic church . 
  it 's not all `` sister act '' !,
