  no ireland ?!, 
  i 'm going to tell mummy . 
  native irish speakers speak english too . 
  it must be immigrants . 
  you just need a little imagination . 
  if a trade war broke out between the eu and uk in the future there are a million ways to fuck with each other . 
  foot dragging things going through customs , not having enough officers at passport control on flights from the uk , changing the labelling standard for whisky in the eu . 
  so many things that can be messed with . 
  so many populist politicians ( on both sides ) to rile each other up in the newspapers . 
   you do n't seem to know alot of things . 
  like when to give up on trying to change r/europe ? 
  there are more than two relationships between the uk and eu than 1 ) single market and 2 ) wto rules . 
  tit for tat trade disputes can happen at any level once you 're outside the eu . 
  look at switzerland and how the eu has reacted to its curbs on fom . 
  there is no true sovereignty available to the uk as a trading nation . 
  now if it went the north korea route ... 
  sorry , i confused enhanced co-operation with qualified majority . 
  yes , in theory some states could go ahead with taxation harmonisation leaving others behind , as long as they do n't intefere with the free running of the single market or the eu 's economic cohesion . 
  that would still leave ireland with a better tax regime though . 
   you ca n't hide the fact the other members do n't like your low taxes . 
  that 's my entire point . 
  i 'm doing the opposite of hiding it , i 'm putting it forward . 
  the rest of europe do n't like ireland 's 12.5 % corp tax but because in the eu we ca n't penalise each other for things we do n't like that we have n't agreed rules on , ireland does n't have to change its 12.5 % tax rate . 
  i made that very point to show that when the uk leaves and does something to displease the eu , it will no longer have that same protection and the uk can be penalised or discriminated against or bullyed or kicked etc by the eu . 
  they will appreciate then , being on the outside of the eu looking in , that the eu is a machine for stopping members from fighting with each other . 
  and i remember the debt crisis - the ecb forced ireland to put the private loses of private investors in irish banks onto the public debt of ireland . 
  that established a rule . 
  now germany and every other country is constrained by that same rule . 
  which means ireland can just about live with it . 
  as for apple . 
  that is being appealed , but in theory if ireland broke a rule that applies to every eu country , then ireland will have to take the penalty . 
  and in the case of an all out assault against ireland 's ability to set its own tax rates , yes , i expect ireland could cut its corporation tax to whatever it likes and germany could n't do a thing ( of course it would cause problems but there are a lot of bigger problems ) , because tax rate setting is not part of any eu agreement . 
  i do n't even think there 's an agreement on a minimum rate of corporation tax in the eu . 
  my point is that being a member of the eu means you can do things like lower corporation tax rates and the rules of the eu mean there can be no retaliation . 
  whereas , your country has voted to leave the protection of the eu , so when the eu decides it wants to punch the uk in the face , it can . 
  i 'm not saying the uk wo n't punch back or the eu will be right to punch in the first place . 
  all i 'm saying is that being in the eu means you have protection from other eu countries punching you in the face . 
  that 's what keeps the peace . 
   this can likely be done under ` enhanced co-operation ' part of the treaties , using only qmv , so the irish veto is a non-issue , and the uk would likely support the measure now that it is leaving that last part is n't right , any tax changes would require every country to vote for it . 
  easily veto-able . 
  lol . 
  i did n't know it was n't fully ratified , but its as close to a legal guarantee as does n't matter . 
  it ca n't be rowed back on now . 
   then do explain how ireland managed to `` get away with it '' just fine before joining the eu . 
  no problem . 
  ireland was an economic backwater before the 1990s . 
  no one thought its corportion tax policy was a threat until it started working . 
   good thing the wto exists then , and not only exists but routinely rules against the eu for violating international terms of trade . 
  yes it is a good back stop on trade wars , but it does n't do much for services , and it is so slow and expensive compared to being in a single market . 
   it 's been getting away with it because the uk lobbied with them against any minimum corporate tax in the eu or any changes to ireland 's tax code . 
  do n't kid yourself into thinking that brussels likes ireland 's tax rate , they really do n't . 
  wrong , its been getting away with it because ireland rejected the lisbon treaty in a referendum in 2008 and then got written assurances from the eu that ireland 's corporation tax was entirely its own business ( along with neutrality and abortion law ) . 
  only then did ireland pass lisbon ii by referedum . 
  nothing to do with the uk 's help . 
  and talk of that changing is just talk . 
   ireland 's had a very low corporate tax rate for decades , undercutting the rest of europe . 
  it 's not suffered the ill effects you claim to be inevitable . 
  and it did so before being an eu member state . 
  ireland can get away with that because it 's member of the eu . 
  without being a member of the eu , like the uk will be , it is open to retaliation . 
  this is what i mean about the eu being a machine for keeping european countries from beating the living shit out of each other . 
  the eu prevents members from doing that to each other . 
  it does n't protect non members though , which makes brexit a dangerous prospect in terms of tit for tat destructive behavior , like the old days . 
   prove what ? 
  eu membership has n't stopped ireland from utilising a low corporate tax rate to undercut the rest of europe and encourage business . 
  but if those nasty brits with their nasty brexit even consider doing the same , it 's somehow proof of the eu 's necessity ? 
  ireland is in the eu , and ca n't be retaliated against . 
  the uk will be out and can be messed with til the cows come home if that is politically popular enough . 
  that 's the danger , the gloves are off . 
  the gloves that protect eu states from harming each other . 
  this threat of a major economy lowering corporation tax to 10 % merely invites a counter threat from the eu to cut off access for the uk , and so it goes on . 
  this is the type of lose lose behavior that proves that economic gain is n't powerful enough to overcome europe 's old tendency toward mutually destructive tit for tat action . 
  we were all doing it for hundreds of years until europe came together . 
  it 's not the corporation tax threat that proves the eu 's necessity , it 's the way that we 've all taken sides against our former partners . 
  it 's the way we talk to each other now as rivals as participants in a zero sum game . 
   japan and australia and nz and the us and canada and all the rest of the developed world get along just fine without the eu , you know . 
  must be a miracle . 
  more to do with distance and dissimilarities in power than any miracle . 
  on the other hand you must be aware of europe 's centuries of wars up until the 1950s ? 
  you see ? 
  the minute someone leaves the eu and we are back at each others throats . 
  if anyone doubted the need for the eu brexit should prove it . 
  the eu is a machine for preventing us fighting each other , which is our nature otherwise . 
  have you looked at sterling ? 
  the financial world seems to be betting on a car crash . 
  like if texas left the usa , you would n't talk about the repercussions ? 
  we will keep waiting thanks , in expectation of the damage to us all from them leaving the eu . 
   bigger ones ( paris , frankfurt ) frankfurt is tiny , i read the other day . 
  around 700,000 inhabitants . 
  i 'd believe the warnings about big banks pulling out of london early next year , and smaller ones pulling out by the end of 2016 except for the problem of where they would relocate to ? 
  would they scatter themselves all around europe while waiting for dublin , frankfurt , madrid or paris to build enough office space for them ? 
  i doubt they 'll be moving anywhere that quickly solely because of the lack of space . 
  only paris has availability for over 2000 staff in one place available . 
  and bonuses are capped in paris . 
  none of the others have buildings big enough so there will be a long wait for availability . 
  what they really want is an interim deal to keep passporting rights for say 5 years after brexit . 
  and considering the eu 's financing needs , that might be the win win we all need . 
  ca n't argue with that . 
  to give them the power to resist , they drink a magic potion - jupiler beer , by the crate !, 
  a while back i looked up the most recent r/europe survey and british redditors did indeed make up the biggest single nationality on here ( was it 12 % of respondents ? ) .
