  there is still no better regime for us multinationals than ireland in the eu . 
  the problem the us has is that all its multinationals are n't repatriating their profits until the us lowers its corp tax rate . 
  there is a standoff over this . 
  now the eu has stuck its nose in and the us govt is pissed off with us . 
   i do n't see how there could be any consequences besides ireland getting money . 
  well if the us thinks that the eu are stealing their rightful corporation tax from us corps where the value of the sales was mostly created in the us , i imagine there will be a retaliation . 
  you would n't run a very successful country if you taxed the money corps make in other countries at your full corporation tax rate , nobody does that . 
  this money the eu want ireland to collect was n't made in ireland . 
  ireland just has to tax the profits generated for apple by the activity of the 5000 or so apple employees that work in ireland . 
  these tricks you speak of are the tax laws of sovereign states . 
  most eu states do n't have any apple employees creating value besides the employees of a few apple stores . 
  most of the value is created in the us at apple headquarters . 
  some is created in ireland and asia in apple manufacturing . 
  the real crime here is that us taxpayers are n't getting to tax their corporations for the profits they make . 
  the eu stepping in here is robbery of the us taxpayer . 
  well i 'm coming from the perspective that what ireland has been offering is not illegal . 
  it 's not that companies that do n't pay an effective rate of 12.5 % are doing something illegal . 
  the 12.5 % only applies to irish profits ( edit : i was wrong to say this , it applies to eu profits , but there is n't much eu generated profit to tax , because the value was created in the us and the profits should go there ) . 
  ireland does n't grab money due to other tax jurisdictions off companies that flow money through ireland . 
  these other places ( the us in particular ) should tax their own corporations international profits . 
  but they do n't . 
  the eu has stepped in the middle of this now and robbed money off the us taxpayer . 
  i 'd say there will be consequences . 
  i would n't worry about ireland . 
  the multinationals have nowhere better in the eu to go even if they end up paying more tax here . 
  worth noting , ireland can always lower its tax rate to say 5 % if the eu tries to strong arm us into collecting these billions that these us corps are denying its true moral owners : the us taxpayer . 
  people do n't seem to understand that the eu states have n't given brussels tax setting powers . 
  no , those are transfers of money by apple on its non irish sales . 
  the 12.5 % of corporation tax applies to corporate profits generated in ireland . 
  ( edit : i was wrong to say they are only on irish profits , they are taxed on eu profit , but these corps do n't make much eu profits because the products are developed in the us , mostly made outside the eu etc ) the real issue here is that the us is not getting to tax these corporate profits because us multinationals are holding trillions offshore . 
  the value is being created mostly in the us ( creating the software , the patents etc ) and that 's where it should be taxed . 
  this $ 13bn does n't belong to ireland at all . 
  to take it would be grabby . 
  he was just pointing out how the commission got one its headline figures wrong . 
  and if you think companies who earn their profits by creating things in the us , manufacturing things in asia ( and partly in ireland for some computers ) , paying sales tax in all the countries it sells products in , should have to pay the full rate of irish tax meant to tax irish business activity on all its international profits then you 're being obtuse . 
  no country in the world would suggest that , yet that 's what you 're proposing ? 
  genuine question : what cases in terms of illegal state aid has she won that are n't being appealed ? 
  i think we 'd be more likely to hear from a company that did n't get the same deal . 
  like `` hey , we had to pay the full 12.5 % ! '', 
  kind of thing . 
  local companies do n't transfer price through ireland . 
  foreign companies over a certain turnover all get the same advantages says ireland and irish law . 
  we will all know more after the appeal is judged on . 
  though i think there 's something wrong with the model where brussels gets to be the prosecution and issue the penalties . 
  it would be better if ireland/apple and the commission got to put their case side by side at the same time in front of a judge . 
  that 's why if the commission is defeated in the appeal it will be such a disaster for them . 
   no known irish company has that deal by definition they would n't because they would be trying to transfer money back to ireland , not through ireland without paying any tax on non irish value creation . 
   no known foreign company in ireland has that apple deal . 
  ireland is saying that every foreign company of sufficient size had the same deal . 
  if true it should be easy to prove . 
  yes , and ireland will have to show that the commission was wrong . 
  yeah , you 're just giving me what the commission says happened . 
  ireland says that all large companies got the same tax treatment and there was no special deal given to apple . 
  if the commission makes up rules outside the powers given to it from the eu countries and then applies those newly created rules retrospectively the union wo n't survive long . 
  that 's what apple and ireland are saying it did here . 
  the appeal will tell us which it is . 
  if it turns out that brussels gets away with creating retrospective law in an area it has no power in ( tax policy of member states ) then support for the eu could be seriously impacted in ireland . 
   paying as little as 0.005 % taxes on your eu profits on the other hand is totally legitimate . 
  that 's just the case for the prosecution . 
  apple say they paid $ 400m taxes to ireland the same year as the commission came up with that figure for . 
  you think the irish govt rings up its own civil service lawyers for this ? 
  no , it hires the best legal consultants from the best international firms too . 
   there seems to be no effort whatsoever to make a serious legal argument as to why they are right and the eu ruling is wrong that 's what an appeal is . 
  they have just received the eu document , 150 pages of quasi legal text . 
  give them some time to read it and respond if you want a serious legal argument . 
  maybe that was somewhat true in the 80s , but it 's not true now . 
  you ca n't tell me a better country for these multinational it and pharma to go to in the eu . 
  i think that says it all . 
   if 0,005 % tax rate is not a state aid i do n't know what is . 
  if applied to every large company it 's just a national tax rate . 
  if applied to one golden circle of companies it 's state aid . 
  ireland says it 's the former . 
  but also , 0.005 % is a nonsense . 
  apple paid $ 400m to ireland the same year the commission says it paid 0.005 % . 
  i wish everyone bashing apple and ireland would notice that we 've only heard the case for a prosecution who also has executioner powers . 
  it 's a weird form of justice when the prosecution also gets to decide the punishment . 
  thankfully there 's still a judge to be seen ( if the appeal is lodged by ireland and apple ) . 
  only then will the real picture be seen . 
  i agree there 's a lot more than taxes . 
  we like to say it had something to do with a very high % of graduates , english speaking , business friendly environment , the critical mass of it and pharma skills than now exist here as a talent pool , as well as a very low corporate tax rate . 
  i think all those things are still true so it 's not like corps will be leaving ireland . 
  attracting multinational investment is a bit like prostitution , but there 's a reason it 's the oldest profession . 
  the game can change but it will never end !, 
  if you can show me a more competitive country in the eu for multinational investment in it and pharma than ireland , even with its 12.5 % corp tax implemented , go ahead . 
  brussels was n't given the power to interfere in the tax policy of eu nations in any treaty . 
  there has been no tax harmonisation in the eu , the states decide tax matters . 
  so brussels has to use the cover of `` state aid '' to try to muscle this money out of apple . 
  but ireland says the tax treatments apple got are available to all large companies doing transfer pricing so it 's not state aid ( the appeal will tell if this is true ) . 
  if so , this is essentially a power grab by brussels under a populist banner . 
  it 's making up law on the trot like a banana republic and applying it to the past . 
  while everyone is applauding , they are handing over their countries tax sovereignty to brussels . 
  i think brussels has made a big mistake taking on us multinationals and the us govt . 
  another bad move on this scale was n't needed straight after the brexit vote . 
  i think there 's a whiff of panic about it and it will spectacularly backfire on brussels . 
  unlikely we 'll lose them , we still have one of the lowest corp taxes in the eu even if corps end up paying the whole 12.5 % its competitive . 
  this challenge by ireland to the commission is just as much a signal to corps that ireland is on their side than an effort to keep our tax sovereignty . 
  while nearly everyone seems to be applauding the commission for this move , i would n't be so happy . 
  next they 'll come for your sovereignty and try to take it back to brussels . 
  if anything ireland should be associated with an absence of potatoes . 
  not if it was available to all large companies doing business in ireland .
