  not surprising i suppose since we are speaking in the english language . 
  thanks for explaining . 
   if you use german infrastructure to make money , you better pay taxes . 
  pretty easy concept . 
  i agree about paying for access to the place where you can make money . 
  but i think that its the tax on sales ( vat ) that covers a companies contribution to the infrastructure and maintenance of a society where the sales are made . 
  profit tax should be a reward for the countries whose infrastructures and societies are involved in the creation of the product / offering . 
  it 's not for the last place in the chain to collect it ( or the last location a company has a subsidiary ) . 
  countries are free to set vat at anything they like . 
  so it 's going to vetoed by ireland , luxembourg and the netherlands then , because the eu could n't set up a proposal more vetoable than what you 've described . 
  as if the place you do the sales should be the place your profits are taxed - that 's just knee jerk populism that would backfire on the eu . 
  there is already a sales tax to reward the country you do the sales in . 
  the profits of a company should be taxed where the value of the product they sell is created . 
  in apple 's case that 's nearly entirely in california . 
  corporation tax ( tax on company profits ) has to be distinct from vat . 
  apple is an extreme example of this because it adds such little value down the line . 
  manufacturing , distribution and physical sale add relatively little to the value of an apple product compared to the value added by hardware r&d , design and software development . 
  amazon and starbucks would be different , they add a lot of value all along the path to sales so their profits could be taxed in more places than apples should be . 
  and your example above is is n't complete ( although you do acknowledge it 's over simplified ) - apple transfers the 2.5 not-irish billions to ireland and then transfers them to banks to wait for the usa to change either a ) its 35 % corporation tax or b ) its rule allowing us multinationals to hold profits in banks outside the us and not pay us corporation tax on them . 
  ireland is not gaining from taxing apple 's profits because nearly all the value that led to the profits is created in the usa . 
  ireland is not robbing the corporation tax due to american taxpayers and neither should any other eu country , or else there will be retaliation from other countries on eu companies profits . 
  it seems esa has a problem with landing on things . 
  philae ( and its bouncing into a dark corner ) and now schiaparelli ( beagle before that ) . 
  this is tough stuff so its no criticism that these things happen , but it goes to show how far ahead nasa are in planetary research ( and they 've had their own failures in the past of course ) . 
  i hope that the esa countries keep finding the money to fund these amazing missions . 
  congratulations esa for getting exomars into orbit . 
  esa missions have a way of making me feel very proud and hopeful of the future . 
   we did n't rebel against you guys you did n't rebel against us ( ireland ) at all . 
  we were still occupied by the british . 
  we got some help from the french in our own failed revolutions . 
  however , the successful one in the early 20th century was pretty much home grown . 
  the british pretty much gave up , they could have fought a lot harder but did n't have the stomach for it . 
  i doubt our experience would transfer well to the me . 
  in syria assad seems to prefer to convert the country to dust rather than give up power . 
   do you think that iraq could be , say , like turkey , as opposed to a dictatorship ? 
  do you think that it 'd be preferable if it were ? 
  without western intervention i suspect iraq could break up unless it had a strongman leader with some external backing . 
  at best it would be pretty much the way saddam had it , a cruel dictatorship but with rules so people can live their life if they keep out of politics . 
  that is not the worst fate for a country . 
  my whole point is that we should consider the status quo that allows ordinary people to not get blown to bits or forced to flee their homes . 
  i do n't think my preference for govt types is particularly relevant . 
  for what it 's worth i 'd rather the whole world was full of stable democracies . 
   how viable do you think that ireland 's neutrality is for the broader world ? 
  sure , it works for ireland in ireland 's specific situation . 
  but if you want much of the rest of the world to do the same thing , you have to ask very hard questions about the practicality of that . 
  i agree . 
  ireland 's neutrality would n't work unless we were sheltered by nato countries , but since we are , it works well . 
  you should always leverage your natural advantages . 
  but i 'm not arguing against defensive alliances or hitting back when attacked . 
  i 'm just against naive intervention , lyng to yourselves about why you 're intervening and seeing everything as a nail when you have a big hammer ( `` fight them over there , so we do n't have to fight them over here '' . 
  `` protecting freedom '' ) in the me when recent attempts have shown again and again that it just makes things worse and brings refugees and terrorism back to our countries , creating thousands of ptsd cases for the veterans hospitals and wider society to badly let down . 
  the idea that you see an awful , hideous , repulsive situation in the me like isis should n't be enough to make you send planes and soldiers . 
  this whole moral falsehood you say to yourselves `` who 's going to do what 's needed if we do n't ? '', 
  that has to stop for all our sakes . 
  you have to resist the temptation to do what needs to be done around the world , because the very fact that you go there , causes more fighting in the future . 
  let 's all stay at home , defend our countries against aggression . 
  if anyone attacks us at home , we can justifiably hit back ( like against bin laden in afghanistan was totally fine ) . 
  i understand the thinking and it 's not like i do n't wish every one of those isis fuckers dead . 
  it 's just the west ca n't bring stability to that region . 
  it 's been shown to make things worse . 
  isis themselves were a result of the west 's intervention in iraq to defeat saddam , which led to a doomed attempt at establishing a western style democracy in a tribal religious patchwork of a country that probably ca n't hold together even when isis are gone . 
  if the goal is to minimise the civilian suffering in the me then all this western intervention to topple this regime or that regime is counterproductive . 
  a new regime just springs up straight after the last one . 
  let ordinary people live under whatever regime they can stand . 
  at least they 'll live and it will be up to them if they want to risk their lives for their freedom . 
  the west needs to stay out of the me if only because it has been shown again and again not to be able to do an ounce of good there . 
  what do you think will happen when isis are gone ? 
  will iraq be at peace for long ? 
  will the syrian war end ? 
  what will be the next reason after isis for the west to get involved in the me ? 
  honestly sometimes i think these warrior worshiping societies like the us and the british need to use their military against something in order to release their internal tensions every few years . 
  i 'd call it a perversion if it was n't so destructive to others . 
  it 's not like the us even needs the oil as much as it thought it did before . 
  soon the me will have much less strategic value while means its already devalued as a place that needs to be controlled . 
  the west should go in and wipe out isis ? 
  the west should be intervening in the middle east again ? 
  after the last time ? 
  the time that setup the environment for isis to thrive ? 
  you really want to go there and do a job again ? 
  third time 's a charm ? 
  exactly . 
  i suspect it would be better to let the russian plane shoot down the raf plane and have another raf plane retaliate than let the first raf pilot decide to shoot first merely on the basis of them feeling `` threatened '' by the russian . 
   so you completely ignore my comment . 
  come on , you 're used to it . 
  you pretend to not understand . 
  i asked you to define the role you see for britain in the middle east . 
  you declined . 
  and you pretend that i suggested that british pilots could n't defend themselves if attacked when the article speaks of them being given the decision power to shoot down russian jets if they merely feel threatened . 
  given the quality of recent decision making from the uk that makes me feel nervous . 
   britain intervened in iraq and protected the kurds and saved lives . 
  they must be still thanking you for it . 
   they should just leave it up to the irish what is this `` it '' that you feel needs to be done in syria by someone from the west ? 
  is the same kind of important work that needed to be done by britain in iraq that time ? 
  there always seems to be another `` it '' that needs doing in the middle east by the western powers . 
   which would be more than enough . 
  more than enough to do what ? 
  fault is not something that would comfort me if russia decides to distract from its domestic troubles by creating an international crisis in response . 
  that was supposedly over turkey . 
  if the raf shot down a russian jet in disputed circumstances over syria , what do you think russia would do ? 
  so the power to start a war with russia is being handed to individual raf pilots now ?
