   and the rest was taxed nowhere . 
  not entirely true . 
  the rest are taxable by the us . 
  however the us have a crazy law that allows its corporations to leave international profits untaxed as long as they are left outside the us . 
  apple have borrowed money in the us on the basis of these offshore profit mountains to pay dividends to shareholders . 
  it has accounted for these profits to be taxed at a rate of 25 % in its own books . 
  if apple diminish their own offshore profits by 25 % in their own books , do you think they expect to get away with paying nothing ? 
  no , those books reflect their true and fair position , and they have accounted for paying the us tax authority a full 25 % of their profits . 
  everyone is getting confused because they have n't paid it yet , but there is no escape from them paying the us corporation tax at some stage . 
  they are just waiting for the 35 % rate to come down to 25 % . 
  they are liable for us corporation tax on all their profits the moment that cash pile is brought back to the us . 
  this idea some people here have that us corporations are getting away with paying no corporation tax on profits is nonsense , illiterate ranting . 
  it 's just delayed tax , it 's not actually avoided . 
  it is impossible to prevent companies internally pricing things between their own subsidiaries in different countries . 
  therefore in order to make sure everything is priced fairly and correctly you would have to have national tax authorities creating tribunals and ruling on the fairness ( arms lengthness ) of every internal price a company quotes itself between its international subsidiaries , delving into the inner workings of every single multinational , into secret , sensitive processes and technologies . 
  because that is impossible , companies will always get away with internal pricing that minimises the corporation tax they pay . 
  it is not possible to stop it as long as countries are free to set their own rates of tax in competition with each other . 
  the eu could harmonise tax and it would still happen , just outside the eu . 
  the answer might be to abolish the charade of corporation tax entirely . 
  increase consumption tax , income tax etc to compensate . 
  let companies stockpile as much money as they like , the minute they do something ( outside of internally invest ) with it , it gets taxed . 
  except it is happening to us !, 
  ( as in , ireland will be screwed if the uk does a hard brexit ) , but yes , it is entertaining as fuck all the same . 
  bbc radio4 still plays `` god save the queen '' at close of programming ( around 1am ) every night , always has as long as i 've been a listener . 
  so it 's not like the whole bbc is refusing to do it . 
  i foresee a significant zika virus problem for co. . kerry being so close to brazil now . 
  actually ... 
  i know it 's the last fact people in the uk want to hear , but the austerity that osbourne brought in was n't half austere enough to solve the deficit problem britain has by itself . 
  it needed to be in place twice as long ( longer than an economic cycle ) or be twice as harsh ( politically impossible ) to actually bring balance to the uk 's income and outgoings . 
  any spending spree now will be mortgaging the future taxes of the uk 's children . 
  the real problem was that the conservatives would n't raise taxes - they should have done that alongside austerity and the uk would have been ready for the next downturn at this stage . 
  i can see that the eu would benefit from having a state funded , independent broadcaster like the bbc , rte or others to work to a public service mandate for all the people of the eu . 
  but it would cost a fortune and with the language problem it would n't exactly bring europeans together into the same places to get their news and talk about it . 
  yes , but the brexit that will happen wo n't be `` hard '' now with mps having to approve article 50 . 
  they will likely demand that the uk stays part of the single market etc. 
  not really . 
  it just re-answers the question `` where does democracy live in the uk '' . 
  it 's always been in parliament . 
  referendums are always advisory , a way for parliament to get direct advice of the people . 
  if parliament decides the people are wrong , it can go against them . 
  this judgement is merely reminding everyone there of the rules of democracy as they have always been . 
  no you 're right . 
  perhaps you are n't taking into account that it 's not only the uk who will go through a great repeal project , but the eu will do so too in relation to the uk 's rights as a former member ? 
  in relation to protocol 20 [ these ] ( http://crossborder.ie/site2015/wp-content/uploads/2016/07/policy-paper_brexit-ireland-and-northern-ireland-june-2016-1.pdf ) academics from newcastle and durham universities came to this interpretation . 
   `` cameron pointed to an eu treaty provision , protocol 20 , permitting the uk 's grant of ` special treatment ' for irish nationals under the cta , but all that this provision covers is the arrangements for the ` movement of persons ' between the two countries ... it is optimistic to think that brussels would permit this protocol to remain in effect in the event of brexit . '', 
   `` upon brexit , the uk-ireland border would represent an external border to the eu as a whole . 
  there are no other ` external ' eu borders that do not come with border controls . 
  an interesting case study in this respect is the faroe islands , which declined to join schengen when all other members of the nordic passport union did . 
  the consequence of this refusal has been for all nordic passport union countries within schengen to adopt stringent border controls vis-\u00e0-vis the faroe islands : individuals from the faroe islands are passport-checked when entering any other nordic passport union states , even though individuals from the other nordic passport union states can still travel without controls to the faroe islands . '', 
  in terms of article 79 . 
  i does indeed seem to suggest that member states can allow 3rd countries to work in them . 
  thank you for pointing that out . 
   it is already the case that the uk grants rights to irish citizens that it does not grant to other eu citizens . 
  there is nothing in law to stop this . 
  this predated the eu and so had to be accommodated . 
  i hope it will survive brexit but the irish side of the cta ( i.e. 
  the rights of british people in ireland ) will be subject to brussels ' assent once the uk is on the outside . 
   i am simply pointing out the law . 
  the eu can not force ireland 's hand here . 
  sorry if you 've linked to this previously but could you show me what law you 're referring to ? 
  the way you talk you have had this discussion already . 
  even canada had to commit to visa free travel for romanian people before ceta . 
  the eu does n't like some eu states having something not available to others . 
  you are simply david davis level mistaken if you think that ireland can cut free movement of people deals allowing british people to work in the eu without the eu agreeing first . 
  just mistaken , not even half right . 
  as if the uk and ireland can decide without brussels consent . 
  they ca n't . 
  that 's as naive as david davis thinking the uk could negotiate trade deals with individual eu countries . 
  that is a pretty good summary of the situation . 
  i 'm afraid the brexiteers and brussels wo n't have much head space for northern ireland in their coming face off . 
  to create an exception to the uk 's ban on free movement from the eu , just for the irish border , would be extremely messy . 
   how can that possibly be seen as me trolling ? 
  you just fit the mo. 
  you 've created a special account to post on r/europe only . 
  why not post with your normal account ? 
  r/europe has seen a lot of argumentative brexiteers lately . 
  if you want to use your life time to troll away on here you are free to do so . 
  i just do n't see what you hope to achieve . 
  you 've been on r/europe a week , and you 're expelling other posters already ? 
  ftfy : tourists are perfectly welcome in the uk , 52 % of us just no longer want uncontrolled immigration from the eu ( even though they allow uncontrolled immigration from us ) , that results in undercutting of wages ( i.e. 
  a single market for workers ) and further pressure added to our social support mechanisms ( which could have easily been invested in given immigrants are much more likely to work and pay taxes than local people but since immigrants are a soft target to conceal under investment , let 's go with that ) . 
  perhaps the insight here is that the brexit vote has of course brought about a strange temporary distortion in competition in the eu which will last until the uk leave . 
  so even though this uk car industry distortion is real , there will be many more distortions like it ( from both sides ) and the eu competition commissioner will just have to watch and do nothing ? 
  yes i think i heard something about that too . 
  you think the brits have thought everything through ? 
  you know i think you might be right . 
  the promise of future help distorts free competition within the eu now . 
  it 's not just an effect after brexit . 
  but will anyone in brussels go after the uk for this now ? 
  not sure . 
  most cases take so long and require political determination . 
  same friends were back home on the 6th floor for the 2nd bigger one . 
  they just ran out . 
  driving away from macerata now to sleep by the coast . 
  some friends in macerata were out walking during it . 
  they said it felt very strong and it went on for ages . 
  they 'll be sleeping in their cars tonight along with everyone else . 
  up nearer to norcia the news reports said that the chandeliers were dancing . 
  i hope there was no one seriously hurt or killed . 
  this cover was pre-conceived here on r/europe 3 days ago by u/seruun [ link ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/58nx00/canadaeu_trade_talks_with_wallonia_collapse_as/d91ys3t/ ),
