  nicely put . 
  she does appear to be pragmatic , which is probably good for the uk right now . 
  i agree with that . 
  a ban on full face coverings in public places including balaclavas ( except if you are in the police ) , motorcycle helmets ( when not within 3 metres of your motorcycle ) and burkas . 
  better for everyone 's security . 
  we do n't get them all . 
  but we are still getting lots , fitbit just opened their eu headquarters . 
  even the bbc says apple did n't come to ireland for the tax breaks alone . 
  http://www.bbc.com/news/business-37246050 anyway , i 'm not going to change your mind obviously , so best of luck to you . 
   kroes said state-aid rules should not apply to tax matters . 
  `` eu member states have a sovereign right to determine their own tax laws , '' she said . 
  `` state aid can not be used to rewrite those rules . 
  however , the current state-aid investigations into tax rulings appear to do exactly that . ''  apple routes the majority of its european and other foreign revenues through ireland . 
  the commission found apple 's effective rate of corporation tax at one subsidiary in ireland was just 0.005 % of its profits in 2014 -- equal to a tax bill of just $ 50 on each $ 1m of profit . 
   kroes is also critical of the retrospective nature of the ruling , which determined that apple had underpaid its irish taxes from 2003 until 2014 , saying a fundamental principle of tax law is that changes do not apply to past years . 
   she writes : `` you can not change the rules of the game through ad hoc state-aid enforcement , and then seek retroactive recovery for unpaid taxes . 
  doing so would be fundamentally unfair and would harm competition , growth and tax income in europe . 
  and it raises serious questions about legal certainty and the rule of law . '', 
  i doubt we 'll ever leave really . 
  brussels is not the eu , it 's the administration . 
  the eu is and has always been the member states . 
   ireland did n't have to give a 100 % deposit guarantee . 
  who 's talking about deposits ? 
  i 'm talking about bondholders in the irish banks . 
  they were n't all covered by the guarantee yet the ecb forced ireland to pay them all back . 
  i think the phrase was `` a bomb will go off in dublin '' if we did n't . 
  private losses made by private bondholders in irish failed banks were re-payed with public borrowed money that we are still paying back . 
  plenty of irish downvoting me too !, 
  funny , in ireland we say the ecb forced us to pay back the bondholders of already failed banks out of irish taxpayers ( borrowed ) money because of eu solidarity , otherwise the rest of the eu banking system could have gone down with our banks . 
  that did n't go down well with us either but you can be sure you 'll get all your money and the interest on it back from us . 
  yes , as a side effect they may benefit by forcing apple to show it 's paying tax somewhere . 
  but that 's does n't solve the standoff for everyone . 
  but there 's still the problem of this 13bn plus interest and he eu taking retroactive action in an area not governed by treaty . 
  certainly not . 
  the idea of applying new rules retroactively is n't defensible ( although the eu are trying it with this ruling ) . 
  i take your point about how it looks . 
  it looks pretty much like a shit show to me too . 
  ireland 's reputation being trampled . 
  it 's not like ireland is an innocent victim , but it is a fair player . 
  these are the rules of the game and the eu is changing them . 
  the eu is n't a country where the centre makes all the rules ( or it was n't in the past ) . 
  in a . 
  club of nations . 
  nations can compete without this socialist idea that winners are robbing the nations that lose out . 
  if there is no rule against it then it is legal in matters of international competition . 
  it 's not pretty gentlemen 's rules . 
  it 's capitalism with sensible agreed in advance limitations ( not created on the fly and applied retrospectively like this brussels move ) . 
  again , ireland denies any special treatment for apple , every company gets the same treatment . 
  this will be the subject of the appeal . 
  you 've only heard one side of the case , so wait until you hear the defense before making up your own mind . 
  the us treasury knows that us corps have trillions of profits stashed offshore with nowhere to go . 
  the us corps want the us treasury to drop the us corp tax rate of 35 % and they say they 'll bring all that money home to the us . 
  a massive windfall tax for the us but only if they drop corp tax to something like say 20 % . 
  until now the us treasury and the us corps could afford to wait each other out . 
  where else was this money going to go ? 
  then in steps the eu , saying , i 'll have a bit of that , corporations must pay tax on their profits somewhere !, 
  these us corps have n't paid any profit tax so we are going to demand it !, 
  ( the people love it , because they do n't understand the us standoff and that tax on profits has n't been avoided at all , just deferred ) well the eu commission has just disrupted a stand off between two very big players , the us govt and us multinationals . 
  and there could be injuries . 
  these corporations were never going to avoid paying corporation tax forever , its just that they have n't yet paid tax in the us ( where the value is created and where the profit is generated from ) . 
  apple actually account for this in their own books every year , creating a fiction 24 % us corporation tax on its international profits so that their books can reflect reality to their shareholders . 
  this idea that they pay no taxes is bullshit . 
  it 's all a result of this standoff between the us govt and them . 
  they will have to pay some taxes once an agreement is reached . 
  in fact tim cook just said today he 's going to repatriate some of the $ 200bn to the us next year . 
  that 's a great question . 
  the answer is that the us has left open a loophole where profits made abroad by us corps can be indefinitely left untaxed as long as the money does n't come back inside the us . 
  trillions in profits are sitting offshore for this reason . 
  apple and other us corps do n't want to pay the 35 % corporation tax in the us . 
  that 's been the case for years and years . 
  only today i hear that tim cook is saying he 'll repatriate some profits to the us , which will mean that these profits the eu are trying to grab will end up being taxed by someone , their rightful beneficiaries , the us taxpayer . 
  i detect a hint of sarcasm there . 
  if you 're saying that just because we joined a club that has benefits we give up the right to fight made up rules we believe to be unfair ( and as a side effect actually damage the club ) then i 'd disagree . 
  ireland will stay in the eu . 
  it 's nothing like britain in that regard , but we still have a right to be sovereign in areas not covered by treaties . 
  bmw , ikea etc etc , they all get a tax treatment from the us treasury on sending profits home to pay for product development . 
  that 's how they could retaliate . 
  no one wants to leave the eu in ireland and the corps are in ireland because of its access to the single market . 
  brussels just has to stop attacking the member states that give it its power . 
  brussels does n't have any power itself . 
  that 's the way the eu is set up . 
  it 's all borrowed power from the individual states . 
  brussels does n't like that . 
  once the eu states agree on a tax harmonisation accord then the commission can police that . 
  until then , brussels is exceeding its authority , especially with the retroactive part of this ruling ( which i expect will be struck down ) . 
  having a brussels that exceeds its authority should be of concern to every eu citizen . 
  i wo n't mind if ireland has to collect the full 12.5 % off every corporation 's profits , if it is done fairly across the eu by rules that can be equally enforced . 
  france collected only 8 % effectively from its corps even though the headline corporation tax is something in the mid 30s . 
  if ireland must bend in the future ( vs retrospectively ) i can live with that for the sake of eu solidarity , but the rest must do it too . 
  it does in fact pay 12.5 % on profits from eu sales ( i was wrong to say it is just on irish business activity ) . 
  it 's just it does n't make as much profit in the eu as the commission thinks it does , because ireland allow apple to deduct from profits the cost of paying apple us for the ip that is essential to the value of apple products . 
  ireland says this transfer pricing is done at arms length . 
  brussels says ireland is not doing this , appointing itself a supra tax authority ( which is a power grab because no treaty gives them this authority ) . 
  you 're right , it should be viewed as irish business activity . 
  the reason they pay such little tax on it is that the value is created outside the eu and it needs to be paid for by the eu corp to the us parent corp. 
  the us parent corp is actually the one that should pay the tax on profits but it never sees those profits because the us corps are in a stand off with the us treasury over us corporation tax being too high . 
  the profits are sitting offshore . 
  i do n't think jobs in ireland depend on this at all . 
  i 've said it all over the place if you check my comment history . 
  therefore , no hypocrisy from me .
