   everyone in europe hates them definitely not true . 
  i admire a lot about them . 
  i agree with your logic in every way , except i believe we are post-rational and there is no way brexit can be avoided even if it means driving the uk into a wall . 
  also , i personally think it would be worse if it did n't happen . 
  things would get very ugly within the uk and all the venom would spill out onto the eu . 
  it is , as mother teresa once said , `` a complete shitshow '' . 
   some wanted to stop immigration i think this was the main one , though there were others . 
  specifically , i think most wanted to stop low skill central european immigration to the uk . 
  the people who make them feel uncomfortable on the street . 
  the ironic thing is i do n't believe brexit will do much to stop low skill immigration . 
  just like drugs will always flow to where they are demanded , people will always flow to where there is work . 
  there will always be plenty of low skill work in the uk to be done and people prepared to pay anyone who will do it no matter if they are legal or illegal . 
  the only thing brexit will stop effectively is high skill immigration . 
  neither of which will happen , but you can dream your toxic dreams if they make brexit taste better , 
  no , the british are too likable and decent to stay mad at . 
  that was a brief reaction to the 52 % who voted for brexit , not their nationality . 
  in the same post i said i loved london and the big cities for voting remain , but you just tagged the negative part . 
  but now brexit has been voted on , i just want the uk to get on with it so we can get back to eu business . 
  actually , i 'll say many of us do as evidenced in r/europe comments . 
  i was referring to both sides !, 
  i briefly hated the stupidity of the brexit voter at the time of the vote . 
  i said i 'd probably get over it . 
  i 'm over it now . 
  looking forward to getting the divorce done and behind me . 
  you just proved my point about aggression and ill feeling though . 
  that was a loooong way back in my comment history . 
  i can just imagine how furious you must be !, 
  your line of commentary now is a good example of the toxicity i was referring to !, 
  there 's too much aggression and ill feeling . 
  best we finish up here . 
   would a country like ireland join in that conditions ? 
  those are the only conditions i could see it happening within . 
  i ca n't imagine ireland joining anything that goes fighting outside the eu borders or outside a un mandate . 
  even so it 's a big leap from where we are now and hard to see . 
  there are too many in the uk now that want to see the eu crumble and fail ( perhaps to justify why they were right to quit on the rest of us ) and will take any opportunity to cause trouble in the remaining members relationships . 
  that 's what i mean by ` toxify ' the rest . 
  we need a bit of distance from the uk 's complaining , negative voice in eu circles . 
  friendly relations will resume at a safer distance . 
  he actually said `` get thee behind me satan '' which is a common phrase . 
  it means `` do n't tempt me '' . 
  if the uk tried to stay in the eu now it would be bad for everyone . 
  like a bad marriage it gets toxic after a while . 
  the negativity of the 52 % blaming everything on the eu would n't go away , it would get worse . 
  best if we get the divorce done . 
  i feel sorry for the kids ( the 48 % ) , we should definitely stay in touch with them though they obviously have to leave with their mother . 
  it 's broken now , it ca n't be fixed . 
  it 's much better if they go and go fast than stay in and toxify the rest of us . 
  `` senior officials '' in the eu just love to leak strategy to the most europhobic of the british broadsheets it seems . 
  i was n't aware that there was a big enough group in france prepared to believe that man made climate change is n't real ? 
  so why is sarkozy trying to appeal to a relatively small group ? 
  perhaps his focus groups found a correlation between swing voters and deniers ? 
  but it seems he 's prepared to risk turning off the main block of voters who do believe in man made climate change . 
  wikipedia says 63 % of french people believe climate change is caused by human activity [ here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/climate_change_opinion_by_country ) . 
  that 's higher than germany 59 % and the uk 48 % . 
  thank you !, 
  gchq : hey britishers , let us protect you from cyber crime with our new dns firewall !, 
  british people : but are n't you the ones who are spying on us and stuff ? 
  gchq : hmmm , ho , no we respect your privacy , we spy on other people , not you . 
  besides , we 'll have the greatest dns firewall in the world !, 
  we 'll be the greatest of the greats !, 
  we 'll be great again !, 
  british people : ok , thanks !, 
  i did n't hear him plead to ban ireland from the eu ( thankfully , not in the power of the eu parliament ) , would anybody be able to translate that part of what he said ( i 'm presuming that part was in german ) . 
   people in europe want to know if the political elites are capable of restoring control over events and processes which overwhelm , disorientate , and sometimes terrify them . 
  i find this line a bit objectionable . 
  the idea of `` political elites '' kind of chimes with the problem many see with brussels , that decisions are taken too far away from directly elected politicians . 
  i do n't doubt that some people see themselves as the elite over there . 
  i really do n't want them to . 
  and then there 's a bit of condescension that these elites are being looked up to by the terrified masses , desperate to be saved by them . 
  it 's like they think we people have no idea what to do , when the problem is that we all have a very good idea what 's needed , it 's just often opposite to each other . 
  i just do n't like the language i suppose . 
  it could have been said a lot more respectfully . 
  please no . 
  with brexit , and possibly with trump i 'm already feeling nervous . 
  with sarkozy i 'd probably go over the edge . 
  yes , ireland is great apart from the stupid weather . 
  you 'd be very welcome for as long as sarkozy is in power ( and after too ) . 
  what are his actual chances of winning the nomination for his party ? 
   it 's not like they have a secret room and discuss things cloaked in black robes omg , i knew it !, 
  what colour robes do they wear then ? 
  i 'm glad to see that the uk will stay in esa . 
  it would seem such a waste to have split efforts in something so purely future looking as human space exploration and science . 
  ok , you did n't make it up yourself , i apologise . 
  the problem with that column is that it is mixing statutory and effective tax rates in the same table . 
  no one pays statutory . 
  i doubt it . 
  show me on their website, 
  you quote your own name as a source for your graphs ? 
  you quote the worst rates you 've read about somewhere for ireland , luxembourg and the netherlands , not their full rates , but then you quote the full rate of 35 % for france ? 
  the effective rate for cac40 companies is actually [ 8 % ] ( https://www.bloomberg.com/view/articles/2015-10-23/to-promote-fairness-simplify-corporate-taxation ) , those are mostly hq 'd in france . 
  the effective rate for multinationals , when transfer pricing is included would be even lower . 
  come up with a decent chart and we can talk seriously , until then , as someone who is happy to see the uk leave the eu , i ca n't take your calls to throw out remaining eu members seriously . 
  no , u/stewarts _ fs is a brexiteer troll stirring shit on r/europe and sitting back laughing . 
  * gulps * ... oh , actually that 's not so bad !, 
  of the top of my head i only remember that ireland joined in the santander / autogrill appeal ( spanish ) . 
  i presume ( i ca n't find confirmation ) the minister means that ireland is legally involved in the starbucks ( netherlands ) , fiat ( luxembourg ) and belgium 's excess profit scheme appeals . 
  i think this group of countries have supported each other in past state aid cases . 
  when a state appeals a finding of the commission other states can join the appeal / have their own legal representation at the appeal . 
  weird because ireland 's finance minister expects the netherlands , luxembourg and belgium to support ireland in the actual judicial appeal ( as distinct from popular political soundbites ) . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.independent.ie/business/irish/other-eu-countries-will-back-appeal-noonan-35031670.html ),
