  but nuns have left our culture ( bride 's of christ , various vows of poverty and obedience , non materialiam ) and do n't mix as freely . 
  they have their own parallel law , canon law , and take instructions from a parallel authority , their church . 
  the burquini ban is a step to far imo , as long as the face is n't covered you ca n't even claim there 's a security issue . 
  i 'd like to hear someone from budapest back up the article with their own take on corruption . 
  is it that endemic to small businesses ? 
  well done france . 
  this is a pleasure to see . 
  you 've had a hard time of it lately . 
  best of luck . 
  ha ha !, 
  hickey has a black belt in judo i think . 
  but at 71 year old i would say it has lost its power to strike fear in the brazilian police . 
  still , by all accounts he has been a formidable political operator . 
  doing deals with shady former soviet states , living the high life . 
  very bond villain . 
  true , he is . 
  but i 'm not sure of their power over the national olympic committees . 
  i think they tried to organise a games every 4 years in competition with various european championships , its a bit murky . 
   in the long term this will be fantastic for us in the long term we 'll all be dead . 
   police say mr hickey , who also heads the olympic council of ireland ( oci ) , tried to escape when they came for him . 
   they say he slid his olympic pass under the door when police came knocking and fled into the adjacent hotel room , where his son had been staying until recently . 
   after he was arrested he was taken ill and received medical attention , reports say . 
  this sounds totally bizarre to my ears . 
  pat hickey 's recent behavior has not been consistent with a man who has nothing to hide . 
  combined with peston 's article yesterday , it 's looking like the first thing to be negotiated is : a ) the divorce settlement , the second thing is the b ) interim trading relationship with the eu and then 5 - 10 years worth of talks can finally get underway on c ) a permanent trade deal with the eu . 
  and just to make it more complicated , the uk voters will expect other trade talks to be taking place in parallel , even though these others will be waiting to see what the permanent uk-eu arrangements will be . 
  no doubt it can be done , but an entire generation of civil service effort will be expended to get there . 
  an effort that could have gone on improving services for uk citizens . 
  i imagine what it would be like if a remainer had to spend the next 10 years on this . 
  i 'm sure they will be complete professionals but it would be taxing on motivation to work so hard on something you do n't believe will improve lives . 
  maybe there are no remainers in the brexit depts though . 
   brutish continentals why do you come to r/europe if you think so ? 
  your comment history is a stream of vitriol . 
  well apart from my own identity , i just wanted to reassure u/tepadno that the the irish remain very pro eu and there 's no chance of leaving it now or in the foreseeable future . 
  i just saw an opportunity to be catty , and i went for it  i understand that legally speaking you 're perfectly correct , but people are moving faster than the legalities it seems . 
  already thousands across continental europe are putting away their inverse coloured union jack sofa cushion covers and rethinking their plans to go to london to work in photography ( waitressing ) . 
   you 'll trot out a couple of exceptions, 
  neutral since the foundation of the state . 
  it would take a referendum to change that policy . 
  how can you be a traitor if you chose to fight for a side from a neutral country ? 
  it 's as if you think britain was owed or promised their allegiance ? 
  anyway , most of the non neutral actions from ireland during wwii were in support of the allies . 
  you 'll trot out a couple of exceptions but they were minor in comparison to the main points . 
   for contenental europeans - and irish , i hope  - eu is as important as uk is for britons . 
  yes of course . 
  my european identity is more important to me than my irish one and i 'm sure i 'm not alone . 
  just now we are being a little cock-blocked by britain . 
  well i 'd better tell my scottish customer !, 
  he 'll be glad to hear that literally nothing has happened . 
  only this morning he was complaining that everything he buys from his suppliers has got much more expensive with sterling 's fall . 
  he has to now work twice as hard at finding every possible saving or he will have to raise his prices . 
  he 's putting pressure on me to cut my costs . 
  i 'll let him know that all this has nothing to do with the brexit vote . 
  fair cop , i forgot about him , maybe because it 's more a national day than a religious event day . 
  i looked it up and it 's even a `` holy day of obligation '' . 
  as is august 15th - except that 's not a public holiday like st patricks day is . 
   a report by the resolution foundation thinktank said there would be a small pay increase to native-born employees in sectors such as security and cleaning if there was a big cut in the number of workers arriving in britain from overseas . 
   but it estimated that these benefits would fail to compensate for the reduction in real incomes caused in the short term by the higher inflation triggered by a falling pound , and in the long term by a slowdown in the economy 's growth rate . 
  just easter monday and christmas day . 
  no other religious inspired holidays . 
  nigel jonathan , pleased to meet you . 
  that was a good irish traveler accent to my ears alright . 
  he owed us a good accent after `` the devil 's own '' . 
  that 's a very good point . 
  my experience of italy is just like that . 
  but for the few annoyances of bureaucracy , crazy taxes designed to force you to cheat them and political instability italy more than makes up for it in creativity and hard work . 
  i hope to live there some day with my italian other half . 
  i just realised that if there is ever going to be another war in europe , it will all be televised . 
  i 'm not sure you 've selected the right stereotype . 
  that 's william ulsterman , a staunch british unionist from belfast . 
  tldr : he 's one of yours . 
  well in the case of new zealand and australia it is even more complicated . 
  the majority now are descendants of settlers , so have the empire to thank for their very line . 
  aboriginal peoples would talk about it from a different perspective . 
  but we do n't need to get into it here . 
  i was merely pointing out that there is a `` thing '' about how the british think and speak about their former empire that others ( like me ) can detect . 
  something still to be dealt with and that may be the source of the stereotype that irks mikeemoo, 
   that we care about the empire . 
  i see it discussed on reddit all the time , but it 's very misguided . 
  it is discussed a lot , because so many of us have been ... ahem ... ` visited ' by the british in a not so voluntary , invitational way over the years . 
  but seriously , there is still a bit of work to be done in britain in its thinking about its own past . 
  history is history , but to approve of the empire , or to try to promote its `` benefits '' to people in countries plundered by the british of history . 
  that 's pretty triggering !, 
  it 's common enough in my own experience . 
  yet , on the positive side , i see the emergence of a new sensitivity in britain on this , esp amongst the young , who are pretty embarrassed about how their elders refer to that part of history , almost glorying in it ( especially when they do n't realise there are foreigners about . 
  i mean these are otherwise very nice people !, 
  well that escalated quickly !, 
   my question to you is , why should he ever have been allowed in ? 
  seems he was born in palestine and was allowed in as a baby , but i have no idea why the uk allowed him in . 
  perhaps there was an asylum case ? 
  all i know if that he is in his home country ( britain ) now . 
  as for parallel communities , they are indeed a challenge , even an annoyance . 
  but what do you propose to do about them that does n't look like a persecution ? 
  on balance , i think it 's better not to take any direct action to try to break them up , at least in the short - medium term . 
  long term measures are the only way for me . 
  i do n't want to be part of anything that loads them onto trains and boats against their will . 
  western culture must eventually integrate them over a few generations if they are n't marginalised . 
  that wo n't happen if we isolate them and insult them as they 've done in the french banlieues . 
  there is a vision for europes future we should want to avoid . 
  to me perhaps the most appropriate response to this whole thing would be for european countries to prohibit education separated by religion at all levels .
