  mandate that kids have to go to integrated schools to learn how to be a member of a diverse society . 
  so that people wo n't grow into adults without hearing about other ways to live . 
  wait a couple of generations and the problem will be much less serious . 
  radical ideas of born again christians include being against abortion rights , freedom to practice sexuality , being for subservience of females to males , putting god back into education , denying science in education . 
  the list goes on . 
  if they were to have their way they would radically change society , but we are not freaking out about that , nor should we . 
  we allow them to promote their ideas in the marketplace of opinion . 
  nor should we freak out for misguided islamic academics misquoted in bad newspapers . 
  only if he starts organising violence should anyone step in . 
  until then , let him speak , may the strongest culture win . 
  and drop him off on a beach somewhere in the pacific for his academic thought crimes ? 
  if you read his own words , this imam is n't advocating having sex slaves . 
  apparently he was doing an academic overview of those controversial passages in the koran . 
  he 's clarified the misreporting of his words saying `` of course you ca n't have sex slaves '' . 
  so i 'd compare him to a born again christian pastor ( not main stream christian ) , who might be delving into the passages of the bible that refer to treatment of homosexuals , or ones that infer a position on abortion rights etc. 
  they too would say some radical things to de-legitimise those practices , but we are not all loosing our minds being afraid of that . 
  i 'm no marine biologist but i think the threat is limited to colder northern european waters . 
  if these lobsters like it there , the south would be too warm for them . 
  so no , an eu wide ban seem excessive to me but a local northern eu one might be appropriate until it is known if they can reproduce in swedish waters . 
  yes , i 'd like to see if the demographics of r/europe has changed or if opinions have hardened so much in such a short few years . 
  he lives in britain . 
  and he 's british . 
  so you would deport him , how ? 
  seems prudent to ban live imports of a non native species found to be able to survive in swedish waters . 
  i wonder if it is already too late though ? 
  he 's british . 
  it 's nice to see some old fashioned critical thinking on this thread . 
  i have the same reading of the situation . 
  we 'd be in big trouble if we were to criminalise academic speech , let alone general free speech . 
  it is tragic . 
  and there is a mob mentality on r/europe when it comes to muslims . 
  there are people upvoting you , it 's just there 's a tiny majority who have let the hate take root . 
  they complain about the threat to european values and yet they stamp down on european values shown to muslims . 
  in the other thread , not this thread . 
  go to any of born again christian church around europe and you 'll hear radical ideas . 
  we do n't put them in jail for them do we ? 
  why is this guy different for you ? 
  what about all the radical ideas we hear about what we should do to muslims from trump etc , and from some people in r/europe in response to your first post ? 
  they 're not seen as a threat to the real life muslim population because they 're just free speech , they do n't injure anyone unless someone is evil enough to act on them . 
  as long as this imam is not organising violence or arranging crime he 's no threat to us . 
  it 's very important that he be allowed to be an idiot . 
  it 's a right i exercise everyday myself and half of us would be in big trouble if idiocy became a crime . 
  ok , just that you previously accused me of being a propagandist , which made me doubt your bona fides . 
  i apologise for the implication that you had ulterior motives . 
  i think the ib times article was a rip off of an original daily mail article . 
  perhaps u/bigprofessor knew that we would immediately recognise a daily mail source article as dubious . 
  maybe , but does that mean he should be jailed , for his detestable ideas ? 
  a lot of people seemed to think so on r/europe . 
  muslims have to be allowed to have detestable ideas just like christians and atheists . 
  you were the one who posted the original ib times , daily mail fear article . 
  why is it important to you to make us afraid of this imam ? 
  let him speak for himself like in this article instead of misquoting him in the article you posted . 
  this imam is a bit of an idiot , not a threat to any of us . 
  i was ashamed of the reaction of many r/europe redditors at the ib times story . 
  people writing `` deport him '' , `` jail him '' as if they were at a daily mail organised lynching . 
  it was an unpleasant eye opener that r/europe has lost it head . 
  we can not hope to live in peace with the vast majority of decent muslims if we let ourselves be manipulated like that . 
  i do n't have to agree with a muslim to live alongside him or her . 
  i do n't have to even respect them . 
  i just have to not let myself be so easily made to fear something that can not harm me : their free speech . 
  the few actual terrorists hiding amongst them can only be defeated with the help of ordinary decent muslims , so let 's ally with them rather than reject them and insult them at every opportunity . 
   this guy is saying it 's ok to have sex slaves he did n't even say that apparently . 
  you 're taking your information from an article that was based on a daily mail hatchet job article . 
  he is n't the person painted in the picture you 're reacting to . 
  you 've been manipulated . 
  i was too , until someone on this thread looked up his response to the article . 
  he 's not advocating taking sex slaves . 
  turns out this story is daily mail gutter journalism . 
  the imam has a response to this scaremongering which we all should read . 
  he may be a fundamentalist idiot , but he 's not advocating modern slavery . 
  did he take a slave or did he just talk about the taking of slaves ? 
  you 're right . 
  this post was an eye opener for me . 
  i never thought i 'd see a r/europe comments so closely match the daily mail comment section . 
  `` deport him '' , `` jail him '' etc. 
  and it turns out the headline and the story are just gutter journalism . 
  my take on it is because italy is a country more reliant on small manufacturing . 
  it does n't have the money to invest in high tech , so it ends up competing with china and the rest of asia ( and some poorer parts of europe ) in a globalised world . 
  italy lost that competition and has n't been able to find its feet since . 
  no it 's not really a thing in my part . 
  europe 's a big place though . 
  this is r/europe not the daily mail . 
  he 's british , where would he go ? 
  i suppose if you closed the mosque , all the attendees would have to convert to christianity because they 'd have nowhere to go ? 
  you 'd throw away decades of progress in human rights for the pleasure of seeing a few people you disagree with get punished ? 
  where would these former british people be sent ? 
  what about the anger this would create in their communties ? 
  based on misquotes in an out of context article trying to drum up outrage ? 
  gutter journalism is the main issue here . 
  this guy is just a fundamentalist , worth ignoring . 
  if you read the thread it looks like this headline is alarmist nonsense as the guy was n't advocating anything like enslaving women in the modern world . 
  he may be a fundamentalist but he 's no isis sympathizer . 
  so the lesson i took is we have to be careful about headlines because we can easily be manipulated when we 're already a bit terrorised . 
  i 'm an atheist liberal in the eu !, 
  maybe you 're projecting a little ? 
  i have no cause or axe to grind . 
  i 'm merely pointing out that people 's ideas and their actual actions need to be separated or else we 'll soon be prosecuting `` thought crimes '' . 
  this imam just said something that is so ridiculous it should be ignored . 
  one should n't be thrown in jail for that , deported for that etc. 
  this imam should just be ignored like any other fool we meet in our daily life .
