  however , do you think the uk govt will do anything that will have any real effect on these little polands getting even more polandy ? 
  i mean once a community is in place ( and the polish community is certainly established in the uk ) it finds a way to get more and more people over one way or another . 
  just for the record i think the polish community have added a lot to ireland and i welcome them . 
  he 's actually saying good riddance from the uk to the eu i think . 
  ( genuine question ) will you have time to get naturalised in sweden before your eu citizenship is revoked by brexit ? 
  maybe you have relatives there ? 
  though there 's not much point in defeating fn by becoming as bad as fn . 
  neither are burkini wearers . 
  also i heard all the terrorists were wearing underpants ... so , if you do n't mind ... 
  when sarko is encouraged , i feel discouraged . 
  france is for the french ? 
  really ? 
  it 's for any eu citizen i thought . 
  i am free to walk down any french street , work and live there , as irish as i like . 
  ( i know who his remarks are really aimed at obviously . 
  i just think he needs to be careful with that language ) . 
   i guess they could n't resist to put the flamenco image in the article . 
  because they are so common ... 
  when ireland has an election you can be sure that one or more of the guardian , telegraph or the bbc will have a picture of nuns voting at the top of the article covering it . 
  anyway , i 'm really happy about the spanish economic recovery . 
  delighted for you actually . 
  apple wo n't have to pay a penny of any retrospectively applied taxes . 
  this is the eu commission going rogue and embarrassing us on the international stage . 
  the idea that it would shake down corporations for years worth of back taxes is absurd . 
  if the commission try to fine apple it will just be appealed by ireland and be defeated in the eu courts , i predict . 
  countries in the eu decide how and what they tax corporations not brussels . 
  as long as the countries tax policy is consistent and available equally to all comers there 's nothing in the treaties that gives anyone else the power to interfere . 
  brussels are not the judge here . 
  they are the prosecution . 
  in this case they have to invent an issue with `` state aid '' to try to put apple under pressure . 
  it 's just a shake down / power grab , hoping that apple and ireland will fold and let brussels have a victory over these nasty corporations that do n't pay their taxes . 
  this is about brussels not liking the fact that eu countries do n't want to give brussels the power to harmonise the tax treatment of transfer pricing in the eu . 
  if the eu countries or us law makers want to tax corporations that operate in their jurisdictions more , all they have to do is apply whatever tax they want on those operations . 
  but they do n't do that . 
  instead they moan about how ireland 's corp tax rate of 12.5 % is unfair . 
  what about cyprus ( 12.5 % ) or bulgaria ( 10 % ) or hungary ( 10 % ) or latvia ( 15 % ) or many others in the eu ? 
  and what about applying their own taxes to gather their fair share instead of investigating other jurisdictions in these show trials for popular consumption at home ? 
  transfer pricing is n't a magic way out of paying any tax in any country . 
  in the eu it has to be justified to each tax authority as being legitimate transfers at arms length . 
  apple pays its taxes as each tax jurisdiction asks it to . 
  there is no brussels tax jurisdiction . 
  corporations ca n't ignore the taxman any more than individuals can . 
  it 's up to the tax authorities to close any loopholes that allow corps to avoid tax . 
  brussels should be devoting itself to how its going to back out of this without losing too much face in the world . 
  if they pursue it , or come up with a big fine , the commission will end up losing big time . 
  uk you are now polan . 
  good . 
  the telegraph has its agenda . 
  if you make a `` part of the uk '' small enough i 'm sure you can find 100 % babies born with foreign mothers . 
  the average is much more informative to me as immigrants have always clustered together in adopted countries . 
  sincere congratulations to spain on this great news . 
  i 'm delighted for you !, 
  ok , i think you have produced a couple of paragraphs here that get to the nub of it for me too . 
  well done and thanks for your help in understanding it . 
  yes , i 'm no legal expert , but many people taking the commissions side here seem to be quoting the commission 's documents as if they were judgements , instead of one side of case ( the prosecution ) . 
  the only judgement that will matter is the final judgement of the eu courts , not the commission . 
  yes the commission has powers to issue fines , like your local authority can hand out parking fines , but entities who are being fined can always appeal to a court . 
  the letters of comfort that apple got from the irish revenue ( tax authority ) refer to how the irish revenue will treat certain types of transfers between international apple sales and apple 's irish based companies . 
  ireland maintains that the treatments apple got are available to any company operating in ireland under the same circumstances , so does n't break any treaty ( says ireland ) . 
  the piece you quote above seems out of place ? 
  it seems to be the costs to apple of running their irish operation ? 
  it is not so important how the irish tax authorities view apple 's irish costs as long as they treat every large corporation operating in ireland the same , without favour to individual corps . 
  all corps need to treat transfer pricing as if done between separate companies at arms length , but within this there are a lot of judgements that a tax authority can make . 
  it only has to be consistent to be defensible in a court . 
  thanks for looking that up . 
  it 's not cut and dried state aid = illegal . 
  for example , ireland 's ida provides grants to companies relocating to ireland . 
  that is a type of one off state aid that is n't illegal . 
  this text also seems to say that as long as there is no favour shown to certain companies or certain goods ( i.e anti competition ) then aid can be legal . 
  irelands has always said it does n't give corps individual tax deals . 
  let 's not forget that the commission is a political entity . 
  it is not the interpreter of treaty law . 
  i do n't believe you still i 'm afraid . 
  i 'm fine with that definition of what a tax haven is . 
  it 's a little broad , but its ok . 
  the problem i have is with you ( and several us senators ) putting ireland in that bracket . 
  12.5 % is n't out of step with a lot of other european countries corp tax rate . 
  cyprus is 12.5 % . 
  bulgaria is 10 % . 
  hungary has a 10 % rate up to a certain threshold . 
  lithuania has a 15 % rate . 
  if ireland is a tax haven , so are they . 
  and that 's just inside europe . 
  if we look elsewhere we can find loads of other `` tax havens '' if 12.5 % ticks your box . 
  this list would also suggest your theory that ireland 's tax rate is the biggest reason us corps come to ireland is on shaky ground . 
  the fact is , these us corps have substantial presences in ireland employing tens of thousands of educated , english speaking graduates . 
  in a country where contracts can be enforced without too much delay . 
  with a stable business friendly environment . 
  it 's not just an office by a beach in jersey , real work is being done in ireland . 
  and ireland has every right to set its tax rate to attract investment just like any other country does . 
  instead of lowering their own tax rates to compete with ireland , these other countries politicians bitch and moan and call ireland a `` tax haven '' as if it were cheating . 
  fair point , to some there 's no distinction but i think you 're right . 
  it 's new because the commission never stuck its nose into how states decide what is and is n't arms length in transfer pricing before . 
  brussels tends to take any opportunity to centralise power - and there has been a popular mood to make sure big corps pay more tax . 
  the problem is that there is no treaty to allow that to happen in a fair way , so brussels has to get creative with its interpretation of `` state aid '' . 
  i believe it is a waste of brussels time as ireland will eventually just prove in the courts that it had the power to issue determinations about tax treatments to companies and did so without favour to individual companies like apple . 
  in other words , any letter of comfort given to apple detailed tax treatments that applied and were available to any large company in the same tax situation who operated in ireland . 
  ok , i am out of my pay grade here . 
  i was going from newspaper articles because i think the commission is not to be trusted on this . 
  the article says the `` us treasury accused brussels of a `` shift in approach [ that ] appears to expand the role of the commission beyond enforcement of competition and state aid law ... into that of a supranational tax authority that reviews member state transfer price determinations '' . '',
