  why are we giving him a headline and having a big discussion about his stupid idea ? 
  we 're giving an idiot oxygen to breathe . 
  the simple response to his nonsense if for the parents of the teens to tell their children that no , it 's not permissible to have sex slaves , just like they 'd tell their kids it 's not ok to steal , hit someone , or cheat in their exams . 
  if the parents fail to do that , then schools and community leaders can do it . 
  our response to the fear created by recent islamic terrorism is critical . 
  we have to avoid feeding the sense of grievance that some young islamic people feel towards the west . 
  over-reacting to their speech is worth avoiding . 
  staying tolerant and open is what we are all about in the eu . 
  there have always been idiots saying mad stuff like ` it 's permissible to have sex slaves '' and `` you should vote to leave the eu , it will be grand ! '' . 
  but why people are listening to these idiots these days , that 's the real question !, 
  it must be hard to see that when you 're a british remainer , i have no doubt . 
  just i imagine it will flare back up whenever there is a brexit story for the next , say , 10 years or so ? 
  it 's just such a clear us and them situation when someone walks out on a relationship . 
  everyone takes sides . 
  well i was asking a question . 
  i do n't have a strong idea what nato would do . 
  i was just wondering if anyone would actually bomb turkey if they tried to enrich uranium . 
  stop them by force you think ? 
  go to war with a nato partner to prevent them getting the same `` defense '' that three other nato partner countries already have ? 
  turkey might even see russia as the only one who might be mad enough to come in and help an exiled turkish govt fight back against a future successful turkish military coup ? 
  would their nato partners ever come to their aid in that scenario ? 
  hmm , but would the us or eu country stop turkey from enriching uranium on the path to a nuclear bomb ? 
  especially if that made turkey independent of nato and a threat to the region guarding europe from the hordes ? 
  we were all asleep !, 
  seriously though , it was over very quickly . 
  i 've no doubt that had it succeeded that the west would have slapped sanctions on the military leadership and demanded the return of the ousted govt . 
  not because anybody likes erdogan , but that the west has learned that that 1970s coup bullshit just ends up costing more in the long run . 
  junker said that after the negotiation and before the referendum right ? 
  what else could he have said ? 
  that there was still room to re-negotiate ? 
  that would have only boosted the brexit vote . 
  r/europe is getting this kind of remainer feeling unwelcome comment a lot , but there 's not much we can do about it . 
  brexit means brexit as they say . 
   i think of myself as british before i think of myself as english . 
  fair enough , the english identity is a difficult one , especially inside the uk . 
  but it seems easier to identify as a scot or a welsh person 1st ( or even a cornish person ) and a british person 2nd ? 
  never happened . 
  yes i would like to hear about these 3rd party foreign invasions of england from ireland . 
  there are none of any historical significance . 
  the real reason was greed and power . 
  english kings needed more land to give to loyalists in exchange for support for various wars . 
  there was a large amount of it sitting in the next island over . 
  there were just a few natives to cut through . 
  life was just that brutal in those days . 
  sadly it remained pretty brutal for ireland up until relatively recently . 
  yes , but ireland managed to digest all previous invaders and they became indistinguishable from other irish over time . 
  that did n't seem to happen with the english . 
  they kept their identity in ireland and were in the process of extinguishing the irish identity before they were forced out . 
   trying to reduce history to a simple `` if they just had n't invaded 400 years ago '' is silly however . 
  you 're dismissing a real wound that many irish people ( and other colonised people ) feel as ` silly ' . 
  you 're not showing due regard for the sensitivities here . 
  no one is saying that 400 year old actions are the only basis for judging the present situation . 
  it was just one point among many points . 
  neither is is it enough to say that its as simple as letting the majority in ni decide its identity , yet that 's what a lot of people who get bored with talking about ni end up saying . 
  i think people should be allowed make a side point about history without it being disrespected . 
  especially when there 's a theme running right up to recent times . 
  the british messed up ireland and left it broken . 
  it will take centuries to recover from it and that is a reality we are left to deal with . 
   if a whole nation ( uk ) can forgive japan 's actions in ww2 after 20 years i am pretty sure 30 years for a small scale conflict is more than enough time . 
  not enough by a long shot . 
  think about how long maltese vendettas can go on between families . 
  this will take centuries . 
  they have n't even made much progress in ni on integrating the schools . 
  they say flag burning is their `` culture '' . 
  there are republicans who are jut as bad but there seem to be many more unionists with the hatred burning deep . 
  thanks for the warning , you 'd better let sweden know too . 
   also your part of the eu so say good bye to that stance over the next 15 years . 
  we have an opt out on common defence since lisbon . 
   also under the 2009 lisbon treaty is n't neutrality within the eu in name only given the level of integration with nato that the eu has ? 
  not trying to stir shit , just curious . 
  ireland got an opt out on a common defence in the lisbon treaty . 
  ireland 's neutrality was in effect written into our constitution in 2002 `` the state shall not adopt a decision taken by the european council to establish a common defence pursuant to article 42 of the treaty on european union where that common defence would include the state '' . 
  2 % of budget is for nato members though . 
  we have done pretty well spending hardly anything on defense . 
  it 's a huge saving . 
  though its like not paying your home insurance . 
  eventually it can bit you in the bum . 
  to me neutrality is just a strategy , not a philosophy . 
  although we are n't warriors like the brits like to be , we can fight . 
  just we do n't want to gang up and go abroad to fight . 
  you just end up hitting the wrong guy and making them mad . 
  ireland 's neutrality just a fitting strategy to leverage our advantageous positioning in europe . 
  it does n't mean we wo n't try to kill people who try to invade us . 
  we 'd be off the fence in a second if you came into our garden . 
  it 's just without a big army we 'd be doing it guerilla style . 
  let them come in and make life hell for them , so much they fuck off home in frustration . 
  combined with not having anything that anyone particularly wants neutrality has been a great strategy that has kept many an irish man alive since wwii . 
  maybe its time to contribute a bit more to the defence of the eu though . 
  it would n't be the worst thing in the world to be part of an eu border guard force i think . 
  are you sure we 're not just neutral ? 
  we 're not a member of the non-aligned movement and we seem to refer to ourselves as neutral on irish government websites ? 
  no its not an argument , i admit that . 
  i 'm trying to let you know that we are innocents when it comes to these things . 
  the idea of having to make a call to shoot down a civilian airplane full of innocent people is as far off to most irish people as putting a man on the moon . 
  i think we 'd have to see an airplane hit something before we would believe it was happening , and even then , it would take us a long time to get our act together . 
  it would be wise if we had some advance discussions with our european neighbours about such scenarios . 
  i doubt we will do that though . 
   refusing to fund their own protection whilst bending over for multinationals and stealing tax revenues from the rest of europe . 
  not fair . 
  1 ) we are neutral .
