  are the mods colourblind ? 
  that 's an assault on the eyes !, 
  we 'll never find out what they look like with that attitude !, 
  i think he 's a bit polemical but he must be practical too if he 's led belgium . 
  when you put it that way , i would more fear a super-charged corbyn . 
  maybe low energy is generally the best energy for him . 
  yes , the echr version of human rights is written into the good friday agreement that is the basis of the northern ireland peace process . 
  i did n't know the same applied to scotland . 
  that does make it very messy indeed . 
   what they should do is adopt the centre ground , it worked for blair and the lib dems in the past . 
  you 're right . 
  the centre ground is wide open like it was for blair . 
  assuming corbyn wins this time , and the tories keep on being pushed to the right by their own ideology , the centre will be increasingly vacant . 
  i just ca n't imagine corbyn doing much to claim it and i just ca n't imagine him lasting all the way to 2020 with an intact labour party . 
  but in the end you want the alpha-brit to be able to eat his lunch without a struggle . 
  i do n't blame you for that . 
  corbyn 's low energy campaign completely explained . 
   also , you 're so fucking cute to think the uk will spend their money on poor communities . 
  that 's fucking hilarious . 
  it 's a tory government . 
  so true . 
  nick clegg said it was either cameron or osbourne who said to him , why build social housing ? 
  it only creates labour voters . 
  these conservatives wo n't replace eu funding after 2020 . 
  they will let left leaning constituencies rot . 
  whoops . 
  not until you pointed it out !, 
  sorry , i do n't know why i thought you were from portugal . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.internationaltaxreview.com/article/3354490/overview-of-the-french-tp-regulation-and-documentation-requirements.html ) , france enables transfer pricing too . 
  every state enables transfer pricing . 
  it makes sense . 
  local companies have to pay their parent company for the costs ( plus reasonable profit ) associated with developing the product in the first place . 
  yes you [ do ] ( http://www.pwc.com/gx/en/international-transfer-pricing/assets/portugal.pdf ) ( pdf ) and once you understand it you 'll understand why it only looks like we 're not taxing 12.5 % but in fact we are taxing it properly , on the portion of what remains of revenue after intra-company expenses are paid for . 
   if you truly believe that ireland - unique among european nations - lacks the capacity to craft an industrial policy which provides for comfortable growth and stable employment primarily on the back of its own domestic economy then i can only say i do n't agree with you . 
  it already has a successful industrial policy , what ireland is doing has worked extremely well . 
  we are a little exposed to global shocks , but quality of life has shot up since these policies were first adopted in the late 80s . 
  we are too small to build corporations that can compete on efficiencies available to huge corporations born in larger countries in the eu . 
  we have to specialise and trade . 
  we had an economy based on domestic demand up to the early 60s . 
  it was a disaster . 
  and in any case , why would n't we want to attract multinationals ? 
  is there something wrong with being very good at it ? 
  agreed . 
  more like 1100 days . 
   the problem is n't ireland having a low corporation tax but having super low corporation tax for some companies . 
  it 's just we tax them at 12.5 % for the % of the product that was created in the eu . 
  in apple 's case that 's very little . 
  this is what portugal and every eu country does . 
  it 's just normal transfer pricing . 
  if you find it funny then you 'll be laughing your way around europe . 
   how can you believe that getting jobs in ireland at the expense of your fellow eu contries is a good thing . 
  there is no tax harmonisation in europe . 
  that 's what 's frustrating `` believers '' here . 
  that 's just an ideology . 
  in the real world , eu states compete fairly . 
  what happens when others do the same ? 
  they are doing the same , competing on all fronts . 
  ireland says it competes hard and fair , it just wins more often because of its mix . 
  apple got no special deal . 
  no one gets a special deal from the irish tax authority . 
  it says it will be proven right once this is appealed . 
  we just have to wait and see . 
   these international firms have created many jobs , true . 
  the irish government has used this as an excuse to neglect the indigenous economy . 
  if we did n't our economy would look a lot more like northern ireland 's , where if it was n't for # 14bn a year sent over from the kind taxpayers of southern england would look a lot like greece without the sun . 
  no , us corps are allowed to avoid paying us corporation tax if they do n't repatriate the actual profits to the usa . 
  that does distort competition but it 's something the eu need to take up with the usa , not assault one of its own member 's reputation over . 
  accepting that us corps can charge their subsidiaries for the costs + profits associated with creation of offerings does n't mean those profits are repatriated . 
  it 's just accounting for what is an eu tax authority 's business and what is not an eu tax authority 's business . 
  ireland taxed the portion of apple 's profits that were an eu tax authority 's business at the full 12.5 % . 
  the other way of saying the same thing is that ireland 's tax authority taxed all of apple 's eu profits at say 2 % , because it judged that e.g. 
  five fifths of the value was created outside the eu . 
  only a fifth of the profits need to be taxed by an eu tax authority in the case of apple . 
  it 's different for other corps where more or less value is created in the eu . 
  the commission is pretending that is a `` special deal '' , when in fact it 's just a shortcut to allow for transfer pricing for large corps . 
  it 's perfectly legal and allowed for all big international companies . 
  let 's wait for the judgement on the appeal then . 
  you are also allowed pay your parent company a fair price when you use things it created ... like the product , the marketing etc. 
  that 's transfer pricing . 
  and it comes off your profits ( even in ireland ) . 
   they pay tax from their sales !, 
  you 're thinking of vat ( sales tax ) . 
  not how tax authorities handle the intra company allocation of costs between national subsidiaries ( transfer pricing ) , which itself is a reflection of where the value was created . 
   your reading of the relationship between corporation tax rate and employment is also massively simplistic , particularly in ireland 's case given that the agents in question are overwhelmingly very large multinationals . 
  large companies working across countries are the only ones who qualify for transfer pricing in irish law , so it 's hardly surprising . 
  that 's not state aid , as it applies to every large multinational ( over 250 employees and over $ 50m in turnover ) no matter what sector they are in . 
   in 1991 , a basis proposed by apple for determining apple computer ltd 's irish branch net profit was agreed by revenue . 
  it does n't matter who proposed the breakdown of taxable and non taxable profits - if the revenue accepted it then it feels irish law was satisfied . 
  they are the tax authority , not apple , but they will always let companies do their work for them . 
  it saves on employing tax officials . 
  these mixes are different for every multinational , because transfer pricing / value creation will be different for every multinational in terms of what value was created inside the eu and outside it . 
  each mix of taxable and non taxable profits is n't a `` deal '' , its a reflection of reality . 
  the constant feature is that the full 12.5 % is paid for all companies in ireland on all their taxable profits , no favours granted . 
  if your reasoning applied , every irish based non eu multinational no matter if they created their products 100 % in the us or 100 % in the eu should pay 12.5 % on all their profits in the eu ? 
  that does n't make sense . 
   also , if you honestly , truly believe all your beloved multinationals will leave ireland because of this , you should probably think again . 
  they need to be in an english speaking country in the eu with relatively low corporate tax . 
  there 's only one country that fits the bill . 
  i do n't believe that at all . 
  they 'd be mad to go , even if they were unfairly being forced to pay the full 12.5 % on every cent of their eu profits , despite creating the value of their products outside the eu .
