  if the scottish uk leavers won a non-binding internal scottish independence referendum the international and internal pressure on the uk to provide a binding referendum would be irresistible . 
  there would n't even be a need to declare independence unilaterally . 
  there would be no way to ignore it . 
   if she actually won it then westminster would disregard it and use the reasoning that citizens voted for it because they knew it would n't happen . 
  at the very worst it would certainly cause westminster to run a `` this is real '' referendum again , to the same effect . 
  you might look at history a bit if you think that nations require the permission of their colonisers to become independent . 
  it 's just cleaner that way , but it does n't have to be done cleanly . 
  once nationalism is out of the bag it 's impossible to put it back in . 
  i have no doubt that scotland will successfully free itself from london 's grip in the next decade , probably much sooner . 
  it wo n't even care about the economics when it happens . 
  neither did ireland when we did the same and no-one looked back . 
   btw , one reason the brexit result in scotland was so skewed is because many scottish unionists will have wanted to leave the eu , but voted to remain anyway to prevent the scottish nazi party having an excuse to call for another referendum . 
  nonsense . 
  the high remain vote in scotland is the reason another referendum is now on the agenda . 
  a high leave vote would have created less of a reason to call another referendum . 
  russia 's relies on a bit of terrorising for its credibility , so this guy is useful to them . 
  if we do n't believe they are prepared to lose a million men without blinking and launch their nukes in a first strike then they start to look less scary . 
  i doubt they are mad enough to roll into the baltics ... unless trump get elected . 
  then all bets are off . 
  merkel said that she was watching out for the old `` divide and conquer '' : ), 
  it 's just what happens in a divorce . 
  you are forced to take sides by the fact that things have to be separated . 
  do n't blame us for this simple reality . 
  my heart goes out to the poor families of the innocent victims of this madness tonight . 
  i also want to criticise the media , uk 's newsnight had the video of the shooter outside mcdonalds play along with the titles and the daily mail ( i know i should n't even go there ) had it automatically playing on their main page . 
  these images glorify the shooter . 
  we should forget him as soon as he hits the ground . 
  if it linked to right wing terrorism , why are the media doing the terrorists work for them by transmitting images of the act ? 
  fair enough if i want to go looking for it on the internet , it 's just not suitable for broadcasting is all i 'm arguing . 
  images of killing can really bury themselves deep inside you and do damage . 
  if you want to do that to yourself , feel free . 
  but i would choose to focus on the victims of this awful event , not the insane perpetrator . 
  and just a few threads above i was accused of racism . 
  i imagine it will happen , though i wish it would n't . 
  the thing that nearly everyone can agree on is that the uk voted to leave the eu . 
  so that will happen . 
  the form it will take from norway style to canada style to wto rules is the question . 
  i ca n't imagine the eu allowing the uk any advantage over full membership , so brexit will have to involve some short / medium term uk trade suffering . 
  oh good , you 're human too . 
  i can understand your sentiments . 
  i was devastated myself ( i still am ) . 
  so i just wonder why , if your european identity takes precedence over your british identity , you ca n't understand why it might be natural enough for me to be dealing with feelings of hatred towards those whose actions harmed european unity ? 
  well i 'm not promoting my feelings of hatred . 
  i was only being open about them because it was being solicited above . 
  you can hate people who do you harm . 
  it 's only natural . 
  the brexit voters have done me harm . 
  some people seem to think voting is about having an opinion only . 
  no , voting is an action . 
  it 's not the same as sitting in a pub having an opinion which i would n't hate anyone for . 
  the brexit voters have walked out on me . 
  i take it personally for now . 
  i 'll get over it in time and forgive them , and even wish them well . 
  but we have to go through the divorce first . 
  to say this is going to happen without emotion suggests to me that you never understood what being a european means to a lot of people . 
  it 's not sad or happy , it 's just the way identity works , they bring up the strongest of feelings . 
  it 's just being honest . 
  as i say , i 'm not promoting hate , i 'm just responding to the above solicitation for honest feelings . 
  well i hope i get past it too . 
  it is inconvenient to have these strong feelings . 
  but at the same time , i do n't think the point of life is to bury emotions . 
  i just hope for a swift divorce from the uk . 
  divorces can be really nasty i hear . 
  you do n't get it . 
  i do n't begrudge them their view at all . 
  let everyone have a different opinion and they 're welcome to it . 
  it 's not their opinion i mind , it 's the injury they have done to me . 
  the eu was a project that smoothed out ruffled feathers from bloody histories in europe . 
  a lot of the feathers were ruffled by britain . 
  ireland and britain have some pretty awful history . 
  being in this proto-super-state together seemed to me to allow us to forget the awful history and concentrate on a shared future . 
  now that england has voted out the rivalry has awoken again and it 's a pain . 
  it 's only natural to have these feelings of hate for the people who have injured you . 
  as i said , i expect i will get through it in time . 
  let them have their opinion as long as their actions do n't harm me . 
  it 's neither xenophobia nor racism . 
  it 's a hateful feeling in reaction to their action to damage my european union , where i live . 
  they 've done something to deserve my hate . 
  it 's not like i hate them just because they are english . 
  i suppose i hated some of the english before brexit ( thatcher , blair , people who think the empire was ` on balance ' a force for good etc ) but i thought i liked northerners . 
  now it turns out i hate them . 
  i only like london and the big cities now , pretty much the people who wanted to stay . 
  i suspect my feelings may evolve as time passes because i am still quite upset about brexit . 
  ca n't see it going that smoothly either . 
  although i would like it to . 
  there really are a lot of emotions to deal with . 
  the urge to punish , to make an example of etc. 
  let 's not be naive . 
  this is a divorce , divide and conquer will be employed early and often as things get down the the meat and bone . 
  and it 's not just me who made he mistake of equating modern britain with the empire . 
  it 's the people who voted leave !, 
  it 's messy alright but its still democracy as long as he leaves when voted out . 
  was britain a democracy in the 80 's ? 
  they banned one party in northern ireland from being allowed to speak in the media . 
  they ran a shoot to kill policy against terrorist suspects . 
  i think they were still a democracy because power passed on after elections . 
  but between elections they did some pretty dodgy things when they felt the security of the state was threatened . 
  even in normal times in normal states things get very ugly in elections but they 're still legit . 
  bullying is the least of it and it happens everywhere . 
  you have to be tough .
