  a united ireland wo n't happen for decades if ever . 
  come on . 
  ` our proficiency is not celebrated ' . 
  why are you trying to sell this to r/europe ? 
  we speak english natively , there is no other language spoken by everyone in ireland . 
  irish is spoken well by a minority . 
  i 'm looking at the sibilini right now . 
  there was rain yesterday and you can see for ever . 
  probably to croatia if you are high enough up . 
  is this the same ulster where donegal , cavan and monaghan are ? 
  will you let them know that they 're completely divorced from ireland ? 
  while you 're up in that area you can pop over and let derry and fermanagh and tyrone know that they have no links at all with ireland . 
  this is just what my german neighbour says . 
  they mean that things happen when they are supposed to and there 's not a lot of flexibility . 
  i myself have experienced the classic german anxiety situation in ireland . 
  everyone meets in a pub prior to a house party . 
  it 's 15mins to the official start of the party and a couple of irish people order another round of drinks . 
  as the minutes to the start of the party tick by the german person starts to lose their mind , going from politely pointing out the time vs the start time of the party to eventually insisting that everyone leave for the party immediately . 
  this does n't apply to all germans i 've met in ireland though . 
  i really do n't claim to know the german mind at all . 
  yes , well remembered . 
  i 'd heard of boll inspiring a lot of the west cork germans . 
  there must be many germans who do n't quite fit into the rigidity of german society . 
  i thought it was an interesting article . 
  i have german neighbours who speak about german society as an oppressive thing compared to ireland 's . 
  i hear a lot of germans come to live in ireland to get away from that . 
  i wonder how they really see us when they do bother to think of us . 
  what direction we take post brexit is what i wonder about . 
  from our perspective the uk is like jupiter , and the eu is like the sun . 
  we revolve around both . 
  you 're right . 
  there is just one type of tory , anglo / irish history revisionist brit that triggers the irish man these days and even he is losing his power as he ages . 
  do you play any stringed instruments ? 
  please , no wanking yourself in public . 
  head over to r/gonewild if you need to relieve your brexit tension . 
  the irish have a love hate relationship with the uk . 
  to focus only on the negative side is as silly as focusing on the positives only . 
  in the end though we want good , mutually beneficial , respectful neighbourly relations . 
  thank you for taking the time to explain !, 
  it just seems a weird stand for the uk to take , talking about undemocratic powers . 
  i mean the house of lords , teresa may deciding the countries fate without her own mandate , and then still using arguments from the 1990s about how undemocratic the eu is . 
  it 's come a long way since those were valid . 
  the truth is the uk is n't a good club member unless it 's in charge . 
  that : s not a crime though . 
  it has every right to follow its own star . 
  please explain more, 
  this mission was a highlight of european cooperation . 
  i have some great memories from it , and some emotional moments too . 
  well done to all at esa . 
  thanks for thinking of us !, 
  i 'm sure we can work something out though !, 
  ` we talk the same language when we drink enough beer ' . 
  indeed !, 
  this is also easy for us , though there are a few thousand irish who think of irish as their first language . 
  as a country there is still an argument over whether english is a native language . 
  i think it 's pretty obvious it is and will continue to be . 
  germany created the vacuum that pulled the million people through those countries on the way . 
  it would have been a humanitarian catastrophe to block them once the mistake had been made . 
  do n't fool yourself that they are n't on a path to eu citizenship . 
  they are going nowhere . 
  i do n't think germany ` took one for the team ' at all . 
  germany put a million people with no previous link to eu citizenship on a path to eu citizenship without asking for permission from the rest of the eu citizenship . 
  how is that team play ? 
  it was a unilateral act of madness . 
  many british get it , but obviously the majority have an emotional blind spot when it comes to european shared destiny . 
  the older generation in particular were raised to think of britain as standing alone against the rest of europe being essential to their identity . 
  ( despite that not being what happened in the world wars ) . 
  why is it so important to you to be able to freely move from london to newcastle ? 
  i 'm not trying to be smart , but it 's obvious to anyone who is a european . 
  free movement is the foundation under the place we live . 
  would you stop asking for academic studies for every assertion ? 
  this is a discussion sub not r/science . 
  let people speak freely , we can tell an anecdote from a peer reviewed study . 
  it is for the domestic audience as you say . 
  his new rivals 5star are converting a lot of souls and renzi has to reflect the impatience they feel with the eu and everything else . 
  i think it 's a smart move for him to break ranks like this . 
  nothing changes in italian politics . 
  if renzi 's imperfect referendum does n't pass , he 's toast and things will go on like they are until 5 star comes to power , and things wo n't change even then !, 
  if only the people of the uk could somehow band together for a chance to change their voting system . 
  i 'm sure they would take it !, 
  come on , bake-off means bake-off . 
  you bake-mainers ca n't accept reality !, 
  joseph stiglitz would call it something short and insulting like `` mermaid economics '' . 
  but still , it is dubious . 
  galway is stuck in the bmw region . 
  basically you are being dragged down by the bog cutters . 
  yes , it 's that exactly i think . 
  in not guaranteeing their rights , i thought may was just being prudent ahead of a negotiation . 
  perhaps it was interpreted as a threat by the central europeans ? 
  maybe it was a threat and i read it wrong !, 
  but honestly , i just ca n't imagine any eu citizen already in the uk being penalised in terms of access to public funds / work let alone being asked to leave . 
  i suppose there could be problems with the uk blocking extra family members of eu citizens coming over which might pull people out of the uk over time as they want to live with family . 
  at least that would be a civilised way to diminish the proportion of eu citizens working in the uk over time . 
  if it got so dirty that eu citizens already in the eu were made 2nd class citizens then the millions of uk expats living in europe would come under pressure themselves . 
  i just ca n't see things falling apart that much . 
  but then , i did n't see brexit coming . 
  this story might be nonsense . 
  the [ bbc article ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-37396805 ) says that the veto threat might only relate to the staying rights visegrad citizens already in the uk , not to new arrivals or free movement after brexit . 
  there is very little risk of anyone already in the uk being asked to leave or limited in the work they 're allowed to do . 
  no he was n't , he is trolling .
