  and ireland 's is n't the lowest corporation tax in the eu . 
  sorry , small businesses ( less than 250 employees or turnover less than $ 50m ) do n't qualify for transfer pricing treatments in recent irish tax law . 
  but every company over that does . 
  this is not unique in europe , transfer pricing accounting involves discussions with tax officials so it would n't be worth it for smes . 
  good point . 
  illegal state aid or tax that brussels thinks should have been collected . 
  the former is in treaties the latter is a new interference disguised as being about state aid . 
  if ireland can show this `` state aid '' was applied consistently to all companies in ireland by its tax authority will the eu case just fall apart ? 
  i 'm not doubting there are plenty of examples of condemnation ( as in a verbal slap on the wrist ) . 
  this is a $ 13bn order for ireland to collect back taxes from apples . 
  that 's a lot more than a condemnation and more than brussels has the power to do . 
  that might have been his joke ? 
  a condemnation would have been fine . 
  this is brussels trying to steal power from the states . 
  using its investigative powers politically , ordering ludicrous retrospective measures on arrangements outside its mandate . 
  i 'm not even opposed to the notion that ireland may have morally erred in its tax policy ( it says it did follow its own rules btw ) , but the commission here has made a big mistake inventing laws that do n't exist . 
  the appeal defeat for the commission will damage them badly . 
   besided the eu gets to move forward a lot faster without the uk slowing it down , eu army and the rest it was preventing too yeah , that 's what i 'm talking about . 
  we were in the same scrum pushing against an eu army , and more power for brussels . 
  a lot of countries in the eu do n't want these things . 
  now the uk has quit the fight to look after itself . 
  leaving us to fight it alone . 
  the states where activity takes place should introduce corporation taxes that tax where the sale is physically made . 
  they are free to do this in the eu , yet they do n't do it . 
  ireland says the regime was not for one specific company . 
  if it had been , that would have been state aid . 
  the commission is pretending to itself and the world that it can be a respectable jury and executioner here but it 's not the judge - the appeal beckons as you point out . 
  today we merely learned their formal case for the prosecution . 
  we have n't really heard the defense yet but it boils down to something like this - the commission is exceeding its power - this is an alarming power grab from the nation states . 
  it has ignored the fact that ireland made its regime available to any large corp , not just apple . 
  i see everyone delighted with this populist coup from brussels . 
  they should in fact be afraid of a commission that is so power hungry and makes up law on the trot , applied retrospectively . 
   the uk should invoke article 50 now and stop all payments . 
  it does n't work like that . 
  the uk is not renting an apartment from brussels . 
  would it not have been easier if the eu countries where apple made all these sales just taxed apple on its commercial activities in each country ? 
  instead of allowing 100 % of those sales to get to ireland untaxed in the first place ? 
  you joined a club along with us in 1973 . 
  we were club members together , usually on the same side of club arguments , for over 40 years . 
  everyone complains about the club rules , like any club , all of them do n't suit everyone . 
  it 's not unusual to complain , the most committed club members do it , including us . 
  but to quit , give up , leave so suddenly ( most people , including your former pm , expected the ref to be won and for the brexiteers to be shut up for another decade ) . 
  that was a shock and we 're left with a feeling of being quit on by someone who joined a union alongside us . 
  ` i 'm all right jack ' kind of stuff . 
  in french law since 2012 being judged to be an illegal immigrant is not even a criminal offence , let alone just crossing a border without permission before any judgement has taken place . 
  being a migrant does not make anyone a criminal . 
  this is not semantics . 
  there is a big difference between how we treat a camp full of criminals vs a camp full of refugees / migrants . 
  my whole point is that calling them all criminals is just plain wrong . 
  what criminal laws are they all breaking ? 
   the guy is referring to the calais migrants , who are illegal immigrants . 
  you seem to call them refugees here . 
  they 're not even illegal immigrants as they 've been through no legal process . 
  you could call them migrants if you want ( even though most are from conflict zones ) . 
  most people refer to calais as a refugee camp . 
  they can be both migrant and refugee of course . 
  but just to indulge the ` illegal immigrant ' label for them , that is not a criminal offense in france , so this guys use of ` criminal ' is just his own prejudice . 
  that 's what my main issue with him was . 
  it was tabloid lazy . 
  the whole point of the calais camp is that the people there do n't want to claim asylum in france , they want to get to the uk , so they have n't been entered into the french system . 
  they are either legitimate refugees or pre-illegal immigrant . 
  the guy was so wrong in one short sentence that it was worth pointing it out . 
  look at his other comments in this thread . 
  is he someone you agree with ? 
   you know damn well that those in the calais jungle are not all refugees . 
  did i say they were ? 
  i was responding to them all being branded criminals and i made a couple of other points too , if you want to respond to them , feel free . 
  you sound like an orange man !, 
   go fuck yourself little man . 
  you let them in , you deal with these criminals . 
  ah a daily mail reader on reddit . 
  it 's only there i see commenters write directly to the person in the article headline , as if sarkozy was reading the comments himself . 
  likewise , the daily mail reader has a talent for cramming so much wrongness into one sentence . 
  `` you let them in '' - as if france approved their turning up in calais and should police their hundreds of kilometers borders with schengen partners . 
  `` you deal with these criminals '' as if refugees are all criminals . 
   do you think that many in the eu wanted the same reforms as the uk pushed for ? 
  yes . 
  but the referendum demands were more selfish and un-teamlike than previous uk participation , which found support from countries that at least shared the same principles ( like liberal regulaton , no more power for brussels , austerity for southern states etc ) . 
  ireland was part of so many scrums with the uk pushing for the same things over the years . 
  we could hear the complaints from the uk supporters on the sidelines , but it was still a surprise to turn around and see that the player just walked off the pitch leaving us in the lurch . 
  here 's a bbc article on common positions from the referendum demands : http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-32890895, 
  straight from the great british myth of splendid isolation , we must turn towards the open sea , and other fairy stories . 
  in fact the uk bailed on many fellow eu countries pushing the eu towards many common positions . 
  that 's why some of us are left with a feeling of betrayal . 
  here 's the tweet with the video ( in french ) : https://twitter.com/lies_breaker/status/769819730869903360, 
  i would just wait . 
  the eu is just a political construct . 
  it would n't be the end of european integration if it collapsed . 
  there is a force of gravity that will just bring us together again in a different arrangement soon after . 
  i agree . 
  anyone who negotiates knows that the deal is n't done until its done and that 's the negotiations are n't over until the talking stops ( and a good bit of time has passed ) . 
  yes , it was more a general point that british people who voted to leave the eu expect to be able to control the rate of immigration . 
  i do n't know if that is going to work . 
  i mean they will certainly control the rate of medium skill and upper skill immigrants coming . 
  but as long as immigrants are willing to do work for less than british people , there will be people in the uk willing to pay them for it , and that will attract them and they will still come illegally . 
  the problem of immigration wo n't go away with brexit , it will just get more illegal . 
  and the legal immigration figure will come down . 
  and it will still feel like there 's a lot of foreigners around in the poorer neighbourhoods . 
  thanks for this rational explanation of your motives . 
  i respect them .
