a couple of points . 
  * five thousand troops in africa is practically nothing for the american military . 
  some of the troops may be in egypt , which is not under the scope of africom . 
  other may function as embassy security . 
  many are at camp lemonnier in djibouti * i think the article makes a mistake . 
  it was reported that african countries were willing to host africom , but the military decided against it . 
  liberia & ethiopia were both thought to be possibilities . 
  * increased american presence on the continent is very important , if not necessary , for allowing europeans to project power in the region . 
  the american public is war-weary , but there are no political costs to assisting europeans in africa as long as you do n't deploy significant numbers of troops . 
  why was the american embassy surrounded ? 
  i think a lot of companies include israel in their european operations instead of the middle east . 
  well , it 's impossible not to talk off the cuff in an interview unless you know the questions before hand . 
  i 'm sure most of the lines from this interview were thought of beforehand by staffers . 
  it 's a pretty common tactic for all politicians and president obama does it quite skillfully . 
  he talks pretty slowly & takes a lot of time for each question at press conferences . 
  a pretty good interview . 
  a somewhat relevant quote from president obama 's speech that i found very interesting :  `` we know that the intelligence services of other countries , including some who feigned surprise over the snowden disclosures , are constantly probing our government and private sector networks and accelerating programs to listen to our conversations and intercept our emails and compromise our systems . 
  we know that . 
  meanwhile , a number of countries , including some who have loudly criticized the nsa , privately acknowledge that america has special responsibilities as the world 's only superpower , that our intelligence capabilities are critical to meeting these responsibilities and that they themselves have relied on the information we obtained to protect their own people . '', 
  it was just kind of a sudden flurry as i recall , so it seems someone may have brigaded . 
  might be . 
  same thing happened to my comment . 
  netanyahu is n't completely wrong on this one . 
  a lot of the criticism is one sided . 
  that does n't mean that criticism of israel is unjust just because others are n't being criticized appropriately . 
  the settlements are unjust and a major obstacle to peace . 
  there are many . 
  women in saudi arabia are n't treated particularly well . 
  imagine if israel treated palestinians like saudis treat women . 
  also , israel certainly has taken some initiative ( i think that 's the word you were looking for ) in order to solve the problem . 
  have they done enough ? 
  no , especially during netanyahu 's premiership . 
  you can say the same thing for palestinian leadership as well though . 
  i 'm not a huge fan , just because it seems kind of selective . 
  leaving aside international law for a minute , i 'm not sure that settlement activity is worse than the actions of many other countries that few suggest boycotting . 
  some thoughts : * they use four categories . 
  for cultural pull , i think that only using universities is a limited way of analyzing things . 
  countries spread their culture in ways beyond their university system . 
  i 'd probably go u.s. , u.k. , japan as my top three in terms of cultural influence . 
  maybe france ahead of japan . 
  * diplomatic influence : just using intelligence capabilities is really limiting . 
  countries have diplomatic influence that stretches far beyond their intelligence . 
  i 'd probably go united states/china/russia on this one . 
  since the u.k. , france , and other liberal democracies are under the american umbrella , it 's somewhat difficult to estimate their own diplomatic influence . 
  * economic strength : the global cities indicator is an interesting one to use . 
  i would n't just use gdp , since that can be somewhat misleading , but i 'd use similar indicators instead of or in addition to global cities . 
  i think i 'd go united states/china/japan here . 
  * military reach : they do a pretty decent job here , but there are ways one uses their military that do n't involve sending troops . 
  also , the ability to project power is often highly dependent on one 's allies . 
  france & the u.k. often rely on american power projection capabilities , just as the united states often relies on allies like germany & japan to project power . 
  i think i 'd go united states/russia/china on this one , but it depends on the nature of the conflict . 
  france & britain would probably have an easier time than russia or china with smaller conflicts and would have a far easier time with any conflict that requires putting troops on a ship or flying them into a hostile area . 
  * some thoughts : i 'm somewhat skeptical of the claim that france & britain are more powerful than china . 
  i think a lot of people overestimate china . 
  their military is still relatively weak and not capable of projecting power , something that france & britain can do . 
  it 's difficult to assess these things because the interests of certain countries often align . 
  china often conducts foreign policy on it 's own while the united states partners with a ton of allies . 
  british , canadian , and american interests do n't differ by much . 
  japan , germany , france , and a whole lot of other countries are aligned with the united states in the international sphere . 
  * more thoughts : i think it 's important to include domestic stability in any assessment of global power . 
  pakistan may have a powerful military , but the country is unstable and the military is largely independent of the political regime . 
  india & china have many internal problems . 
  countries like the u.s. , britain , france , germany , japan , etc are partially so powerful because they are stable , liberal democracies . 
  it does n't take much to send certain countries into a political mess . 
  * overall : it 's difficult to assess the ranking because i 'm not sure how to weight economic power against military power , as well as considering international influence that results as an extension of military & economic power . 
  france & britain are far more capable of projecting military power than germany , but it is n't difficult to make the argument that germany is the most powerful country on the continent . 
  i think i 'd probably lean toward placing china as # 2 . 
  i 'd probably increase the rating for saudi arabia & israel as well . 
  countries do n't act independently . 
  a lot of american power is derived from it 's allies and a lot of their allies power is derived from america . 
  most countries do n't necessarily need to deploy 40,000 troops in some foreign country . 
  israel has one of the most powerful armed forces in the world , it does n't matter if they can project power since they do n't need to . 
  * my ranking ( off the top of my head ) : u.s. , china , germany , britain , japan , russia , france , india , saudi arabia , israel , brazil , italy , iran , turkey , canada . 
  i think you 'd be hard-pressed to find any leader that does n't work in his/her own country 's best interest . 
   it would probably hurt the usa more than us if everybody left the nato . 
  i 'm skeptical . 
  u.s. defense spending kind of subsidizes lax european defense spending . 
  also , the more interventionist european states ( france & britain , mostly france ) often get technical help from the u.s. when they want to intervene somewhere . 
  is there a similar poll that frames it as a citizen of the eu vs. a citizen of the country one lives in ? 
  thanks for the advice . 
  the combined economic might of the european union is significant and comparable to the united states . 
  but the states that make up the eu choose ( perhaps wisely ) not to dedicate as much to military spending as the united states . 
  not to mention that diverging state interests and a lack of true unification within the european union prevent eu gdp from being truly comparable to american or chinese gdp , at least when it comes to exercising power on a global scale . 
  i 'm skeptical of such a claim . 
  in 1914 , the world was multipolar . 
  while the united states was the largest economy in the world , it was n't asserting military power globally . 
  the european powers were very close to each other in terms of economic & military power . 
  that is n't the case in 2014 . 
  multipolar power balances tend to lead to world wars . 
  the balance of power in 2014 is unipolar , not multipolar . 
  unemployment rate . 
  [ this ] ( http://epp.eurostat.ec.europa.eu/statistics_explained/images/e/e2/unemployment_rates_eu-28,_ea-17,_us_and_japan,_seasonally_adjusted,_january_2000_-_october_2013_.png ) is a pretty good graph comparing the post recession recovery in the united states to the situation in the european union . 
  the united states has been far less austerity-driven during the crisis than european governments have . 
  of course , it 's important to note that because of a a variety of reasons , the united states is more capable of sustaining high deficits than europe . 
  some more from the current administration : chinese american : gary locke ( former commerce secretary ) , steven chu ( former energy secretary ) dominican american : thomas perez ( labor secretary ) greek american : sylvia mathews burwell ( omb head ) italian americans : leon panetta ( former defense secretary ) , janet napolitano ( former homeland security secretary , 1/2 german american ) japanese american : eric shinseki ( va secretary ) jewish americans : jack lew ( treasury secretary & former chief of staff & omb head ) , penny pritzker ( commerce secretary ) , rahm emanuel ( former chief of staff ) , peter orszag ( omb head ) , larry summers ( former director of the nec ) , gene sperling ( director of the nec ) lebanese american : ray lahood ( former treasury secretary , 1/2 german american ) mexican american : ken salazar ( former interior secretary ) , hilda solis ( former labor secretary , 1/2 nicaraguan american ) portuguese american : ernest moniz ( energy secretary ) america has a bit of an advantage since it 's significantly more ethnically heterogeneous . 
  in reality , probably a significant portion of them . 
  israel is on relatively good terms with the plo . 
  they mostly go after other groups like hamas . 
  also , iranian nuclear scientists . 
  well , here are the differences as i see it .
