  it 's hard to say . 
  it 's a complicated issue , and this is simply my opinion . 
  but i really love cultural and linguistic diversity and feel it 's worth preserving . 
  hardly comparable . 
  loanwords are different than using full ame sentences , phrases and words . 
  ` yacht ' and ` schadenfreude ' are hardly intrusive , and english is a very hybrid language anyway . 
  also , the english did not appreciate their norman french-speaking lords very much . 
  these days you have some people inserting english into their dutch because it 's in vogue . 
  some loan words are fine , but it 's extremely intrusive and getting out of hand . 
  i ca n't stand the americanisation of languages , especially dutch . 
  i grew up speaking dutch , english and french and it drives me mad to hear dutch people ( young people like myself , mostly ) using english phrases and words ( the vast majority of which are of american origin ) as often as they do because it 's ` cool ' . 
  belgians are always quick mention the inferior quality of dutch food , as if we do n't know our food is terrible . 
  i think you underestimate how deep and long these things run . 
  the ` good catholics ' thing meant simply that they were n't catholic , so it does n't matter . 
  it 's only in more modern times that christendom has been so united , and even now there 's anamosity between catholics and protestants ( and even between protestant sects ) . 
  christianity was n't as united in times past as it is now . 
  heretics were oft times considered worse than heathens . 
  they had a huge [ war about it ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/thirty_years%27_war ) and everything . 
  when i was living in berlin every single german would giggle and coo about how cute my dutch accent in german was . 
  even my so would do so . 
  as an expat now living in the vs i genuinely start to get homesick . 
  i miss our language , people , food ( god only knows why though ) . 
  then , when my flight lands and i 'm standing in schiphol , or at some point trying to adjust to some new fucking thing the ns has decided to change , all i can think is * `` fuck all of this !, 
  the dark lord , mostly due to soot . 
  [ :'\\ ( ] ( http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-e7dcoixzlde/vlfhionebwi/aaaaaaaakim/qmhjljda_ig/s1600/the%2bweeping%2bfrenchman%252c%2b1940.jpg ), 
  ` the princess is in another castle ' erdogan is more like bowser though . 
  i once told someone here in the states that i 'm dutch and they asked me what the boat ride from germany was like . 
  i blame the english for the whole deutsch/dutch thing . 
  they get to be called angels and we get to be called devils . 
  by north i meant north of the rivers . 
  it affected all of german-occupied nl post-market garden , but especially the holland/rs area due to population density and the fact that so much of our agriculture was in the east . 
  cutting supply trains from east to west was essentially a punitive measure by the nazis , iirc because the ns went on strike . 
  west and north especially but genes get around . 
  the germans starved the hair off of our heads several decades ago . 
  actually , joking aside , there 's evidence that the hunger winter had epigenetic effects on the generations that followed . 
  let 's rename it to , say , p. russia , or just prussia . 
  the p can stand for ` petite ' . 
  he 's confusing you with austria , i think . 
  i 'm sure it used to happen all the time back when the holy roman empire was around , but napoleon took care of all of that ages ago . 
  i do n't know what his excuse is . 
  [ yeeees ... feel the ~ ~ hate ~ ~ debt flow through you !, 
  yes but that one is only funny if you 're dutch , and if you are your natural impulse is to throttle him . 
  this was my experience . 
  i really did n't care for that school . 
  i 'm not going to sugar coat my experience for the sake of a little ` p.r. ', 
  * foreign languages were n't a requirement . 
  i took french ( the same level i had when i was about 12 ) but it was n't necessary . 
  in contrast to my dutch school where i had to take english , french , german , latin and ancient greek . 
  * we were n't permitted to carry backpacks or school bags around corridors . 
  no idea why , possibly because of overcrowding ? 
  * sport class was almost exactly the same , however they did n't educate you at all , it was essentially `` play sports time '' whereas i remember having lessons in the netherlands about how to exercise properly , calculate bmi , etc. 
  * drinking age was 21 , therefore no alcohol at school parties . 
  this was really irritating . 
  not that you have to drink to have a good time , but it made me feel like a child again . 
  * the vast majority of school grounds were given over to parking . 
  this amazed me . 
  i eventually got an american driving licence ( years later ) and it was incredibly easy . 
  after 18 in that particular state , ohio , you do n't need to have evidence of any lessons to get a licence . 
  the test cost $ 20 and consisted of a simple test around some traffic cones and a drive around the block . 
  * speaking your mind is interpreted as insolence . 
  i 'm considered very blunt and direct even amongst the very direct dutch . 
  needless to say , this did n't go over well . 
  when i had a problem with a fact or the way lessons were presented i would generally approach the teacher about it . 
  they almost always took this in a very bad way and expected me to shut up and deal with it . 
  * i will preface this observation with this : americans are not all dumb . 
  anyone who thinks that is simply foolish . 
  in secondary school there is obviously an emphasis to ` fit in ' . 
  this is present everywhere . 
  however , because schools are n't segregated by intelligence/motivation the average level one has to fit into is potentially way below one 's actual intelligence level . 
  put simply : appearing ignorant is encouraged . 
  i think this sort of carries over into other aspects of life . 
  people want their president to be an ` average guy that you can have a beer with ' whereas i would like a president who is several dozen iq points higher than me . 
  * adding to my above statement , almost no one knew where the netherlands was . 
  some knew it was in europe . 
  i eventually resorted to saying i 'm from amsterdam ( queue the self loathing ... ) . 
  * questions i was asked :  do you wear peter pan clothes in the neverlands ? 
   did you take a bus here from germany * ( sic ) * ? 
   that 's next to china , right ? 
  i 'll bet you guys have good chinese food . 
   what 's the capital of europe ? 
  i do n't think this was due to these people actually being stupid . 
  it was a combination of the emphasis on being average and the lack of geography courses . 
  i did n't mention electives because we have a not-too-disimilar system in the netherlands . 
  although the us school offered a more diverse selection . 
  also , you can take the bus here but it 's not free unless you have a special student card which grants you free travel on busses and trains during certain times . 
  i 've always biked to school , even when i lived 10km away . 
  i tried biking in the states to veeeery poor results . 
  i had a disclaimer at the beginning . 
  this is all anecdotal . 
  please remember that before attempting to tear into me with accusations that none of this is true . 
  your school system is clearly different . 
  one of other things that i find irrational , is that education is not standardised even within the same states . 
  also , i said same school not same class . 
  yes i took honours and ap classes , but i still had regular courses with students who were extremely disruptive because they were n't interested in the subject matter nor the way it was taught . 
  im 1/4 american and was curious about what american schools were like . 
  i decided to do a long exchange to the states and lived with my mum . 
  here are some key differences i noted between my dutch and american schools . 
  note , not every school is like this , obviously . 
  * as an american high school student , no one trusts you . 
  no one sees you as anything resembling an adult .
