my boyfriend and his family are all russian . 
  i do n't think they 're assholes , but they insist that russians are . 
  ask any russian , they 'll tell you the same thing . 
  russians are assholes . 
  does n't mean you 're not being obnoxious and pretentious . 
  they 're still bitter about 11th century varangian raids . 
  i grew up between france and the netherlands . 
  americans do have accents . 
  source : living in the states . 
   that 's a bit of an understatement . 
  romans knew from history that india existed yet they 've never crossed persia :p the romans also knew of sinae ( china ) . 
  ` the known world ' is a turn of phrase and generally refers to europe and the area around the mediterranean . 
   also i 'd vote renaissance , because the roman empire was really more a destructive force than constructive , to what i value the most - science . 
  the roman empire was hardly more destructive than any other empire in any other era ( save the mongols , they were brutal ) . 
  also , i think you 're confusing the renaissance with the enlightenment . 
   besides is n't it a bit far fetched to state that there is continuity between rome and united italy ? 
  cause in between there was like a thousand years of italian republics ( which were great , but not rome ) and also politically rome became the catholic church . 
  this is an oft debated subject . 
  did rome fall in 476 with the fall of the western empire ? 
  did it fall in 1453 with the conquest of constantinople ? 
  in 1918 with the dissolving of the ottoman empire ( they had declared themselves a new rome ) ? 
  renaissance italy certainly owed much to rome , but it would be quite a stretch to say there was any real continuity there after centuries of rule by barbarian tribes and then existence as a series of city-states . 
  you 're welcome to come get him . 
  i 'd advise bringing a shovel . 
  i would say culture , art and science are more appropriate but it 's very subjective . 
  i do n't think our golden age was so much about us running around the world desperately trying to get a monopoly on nutmeg and selling tulip shares as it was about our cultural ascendence/primacy . 
  i do n't really think companies are something to base national pride on . 
  especially not a petrol company . 
  and i want my bike back . 
  the italian renaissance was great , but you ca n't really compare it to owning the entire known world . 
  now all we have is football : <, 
  what 're thrace 's most valuable exports then ? 
  an unlikely scenario . 
  one world government does n't always mean what you hear about in online conspiracy theories . 
  oh my yes clearly a step towards stalinism . 
  next thing you know they 'll be carting the poor off into gulags and executing them . 
  such a slippery slope . 
  uh just because someone 's on welfare does n't mean they make no intellectual contributions . 
  voluntary brain-drain everybody !, 
  maybe the downvotes are because you misspelt syphilis ? 
  i never forget . 
  indeed . 
  i can think of about 1000 white people i hate before a single roma crops up . 
  the fact that the sun is shining , the sky is blue and the temperature is staying consistently above 12\u00ba * is * remarkable news here . 
  as it stands now , we 're facing a severe cloud shortage here in the netherlands . 
  pvv is blaming immigrants for the disappearance of our native ~ ~ christian ~ ~ european clouds . 
  what frenchman could resist berlin 's fabulous gay scene ? 
  quite possibly just the straight ones . 
  my grandfather is french . 
  when i enter la patrie i feel a tingling and the urge to gather sugary fluids in my abdomen . 
  i usually settle for foie gras , though . 
  the real answer is much less complicated . 
  france is actually a giant insect colony , with most of the drones being female . 
  wine , a product we get from domesticated french people , is used as sustenance for their larvae and young . 
  unfortunately they killed their queen a while ago and are rather flighty and irritable as a result . 
  `` silly dutch . 
  now when i go home i cancel parade for * 200 * years ... '', 
  i just do n't understand ... * throws away entire pan of leftover stamppot *, 
  they need to prosecute the person responsible to the full extent of the law , though . 
  that car is hideous . 
  you seem unable to differentiate between soviet communism and social planning . 
  when you provide your populace with security and the means to achieve goals more easily you 're making a huge investment in your own country . 
  you 're more willing to buy a new car if you 're not worried about losing your life 's savings as a result of some medical emergency . 
  ensuring your populace is healthy and has free access to water ( it 's not just for drinking , it 's also extremely important for sanitation ) is also one way to promote this kind of safety . 
  aside from that it would also give governments direct access to infrastructure , another very important necessity . 
  i 'm by no means opposed to capitalism , but we 've tried the whole laissez-faire thing and it does n't work out so well . 
  you 're obviously caught up in some kind of delusional anti- ` communist ' fervour , where here the word communist is used to mean anything you disagree with . 
  best of luck with that . 
   communism [ you really like throwing that word around , do n't you ? 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/xvbfjoh.jpg ) law of the jungle refers to an ` every man for himself ' mentality . 
  water is essentially a monopoly as it is . 
  you 'll generally have one , maybe two if you 're lucky , providers in one area . 
  the idea behind managing it publicly is simply the next logical step in a long process stretching back for decades ( in the netherlands public water management dates back to the 13th century ) . 
  are you be opposed to government regulations on water quality ? 
  you might as well be . 
  if the government does n't have the right to ensure their citizens have untethered access to the most important substance on earth then why would they have the right to say it has to be filtered and treated ? 
  it 's not about what 's ` the most cost effective ' . 
  eventually we 'll look back and realise how primitive and degrading it really is to charge people for it . 
  you want private water ? 
  buy a bottle of san pellegrino . 
  humans can survive for a few days without water . 
  it may feel like you ca n't live without internet , but it 's a different situation entirely . 
  countries profit when they invest in their citizens ' welfare . 
  the ` law of the jungle ' style of governance is going the way of the dodo , and rightfully so . 
  that 's not how language works . 
  * fait accompli * is an english expression of french origin . 
  i believe it 's some kind of memorabilia , but beyond that i do n't know . 
  i thought it was interesting as a `` what if . '', 
  your analysis of the situation lacks any kind of finesse . 
  moreover you have come to these bizarre generalised conclusions without , it would seem , any historical context . 
  i would recommend you try and get a broader , more accurate picture of the situation . 
  belligerent hastily-formed judgements like this are n't becoming . 
  your point is valid . 
  language drifts , things change , that 's just the nature of culture and society . 
  it 's simply a pet peeve of mine to see people inserting english into everyday conversation or on facebook . 
  if you like the english language that 's genuinely fine , but using it because it 's cool is just obnoxious . 
  i have lots of friends that tell me they wish they grew up speaking english or were anglophone instead . 
  that makes me a bit sad . 
  we 've reached an era where increasing globalisation is causing the extinction of languages all over the world and whilst major european languages are n't by any means on the verge of extinction , they seem to be heading in that direction . 
  is this necessarily a bad thing ?
