  sounds about right . 
  such are the british . 
  perhaps europe would be better without the uk anyway . 
  interesting that you should mention that actually , it used to be orange at a time in the past , but the dye was unstable and shifted to red a little too often . 
  then napoleon came around and made it official . 
  you have only yourself to thank . 
  intriguing , could you link some ? 
  it 's not that simple when there 's people living on the land . 
  unfortunate that the good programmes always suffer first . 
  that said , this also leaves the west in a bit of a pickle , they are reliant on russian missions to the iss to get their astronauts there . 
  let 's hope that this further pushes the esa and nasa to develop spacecraft . 
  well it is from the daily record , they do n't have a great track record when it comes down to decent journalism . 
  the graph compares spring and autumn 2015 , just before the recent attack in paris . 
  come back when you find an actually reputable source , op . 
  this certainly has n't gone unnoticed in the media . 
  oops . 
  poland , latvia , lithuania , croatia and hungary seem to disagree . 
  yup , he 's a pretty bad guy , i 'm glad he 's being considered for war crimes . 
  motorola , for those unaware , is the nom-de-guerre [ nickname of sorts ] of a separatist commander in eastern ukraine . 
  was n't this joke originally about the french ? 
  he just needs some pasta and sleep and he 'll be good as new . 
  that 's assuming those people are n't trapped on reddit . 
  i 'll never get bored as long as i 'm connected to the internet . 
  more like / r/heraldry to be honest . 
  - kremlin, 
  now these are some awkward bedfellows . 
  i quite like memes , but i do n't think this one quite fits ... 
  now my klomp breaks . 
  i just want to thank you for making it abundantly clear in the title of this post that we 're talking about an opinion piece here . 
  it happens far too often , here and on / r/worldnews that people do n't even open the link and take the headline as truth . 
  breaking news everyone !, 
  kremlin denies russia did anything wrong !, 
  well , in the defence of the mona lisa , it is over 100 years older . 
   unlikely to join before 2025 carry on , nothing interesting going on here , it just marks the beginning of the process . 
  besides , who still takes this website seriously , it 's nearly 2016 and i still see it popping up on reddit and causing massive comment threads all the time !, 
  well , thanks for posting this , i never thought i 'd agree with an editorial on the guardian of all places . 
  i recommend you to read this article then , it criticises left wing populists as well , even though they are a less common phenomenon . 
   having already secured a formal apology , turkey has long been waiting for israel to fulfill the remaining two conditions : paying compensation to the families of the mavi marmara victims and removing the blockade on gaza . 
  as soon as you give gaza some breathing air , the leadership will use it to fan the flames of war while the people are choking from the smoke . 
  i recommend alientube , it 's an extension that replaces youtube comments with reddit comments . 
  yes , it has already been dubbed orbanism . 
  i 'd argue that it 's going beyond orban at this rate , but we 'll see . 
  i think she may have used it to play into the way people are feeling about things , while being aware that it 's not the most appropriate . 
  sometimes i wonder if i 'm the only one that is n't convinced that everything is supposedly going to shit . 
  because it 's free standing next to an empty lot ? 
  i like the last one , it 's subtle . 
  home-born masterrace !, 
  til i 'm canadian . 
  it 's literally about some lads removing stars because they have the same shape as the old communist yugoslav star , nothing special guys , christmas will continue as planned , move along now . 
  ooooh burn !, 
  ( and crash ), 
  i 'm pretty sure this is done in most places , between drivers too . 
  i 'm not entirely sure what the difference is ... 
  a beatiful plane , but unfortunately not what the germans are looking for it seems . 
  the panavia tornado is a heavy aircraft , with twon engines , two seats , a large wing area and a heavy payload . 
  the gripen is a much lighter ( and more manoeuvreable ) aircraft that serves an entirely different role , oje the german air force currently uses the eurofighter typhoon for . 
  the rafale is what happened after dassault pulled out from the eurofighter programme , and is very similar to the eurofighter typhoon in capability . 
  what the germans are looking for here is a heavier plane , one more capable of carrying heavy armament , like the panavia tornado , but less old . 
  dutch . 
  autobandventieldopje oh wait you meant other than german ... 
  oh , but do n't you know that the nazis are now in ukraine ? 
  would it be more appropriate to call it the putinist party , perhaps ? 
  important to note : the council of states merely said that the idea is stupid , but the people are still to vote on it in june 2016 , which will be the deciding factor . 
  well , it 's easy to get away with saying that if you 're convinced that all proof is fabricated . 
  looks like trump learned a lesson from putin himself !, 
  not to mention the huge swathes of russians in kazakhstan , the baltic states , etc. 
  putin strikes when the opportunity presents itself . 
  these are not mutually exclusive . 
  one can divert attention away from one topic by escalating another , that does n't say anything about how valuable they are . 
  additionally , as sad as it is to admit this , crimea is now firmly within russian hands , whereas tartus can still be problematic . 
  by whom though ? 
  it 's british territory , argentina ca n't claim it 's ethnically theirs as a justification to invade it , lol . 
  britain was just protecting its sovereignty . 
  i think she says `` mind your step '', 
  that was a really good read , thanks for sharing . 
  a facebook page with 2500 likes is n't a thing that actually happened this week , sorry . 
   top russian lawmaker on thursday described the north atlantic treaty organization as a `` cancerous tumor on the whole european continent . '' how ironic , coming from russia . 
  well , like most cheeses and wines , they 're named after their region of origin . 
  gouda cheese comes from the town of gouda in the west of the netherlands for example , and champagne comes from the champagne region in northeastern france , and many more !, 
  about as hilly as you 're going to get in the netherlands . 
  i 'm not sure how to feel about this . 
  it seems to be a popular opinion , on reddit at least , to forgive assad and forget about the past , but at the same time i ca n't help but feel like this is terribly dirty . 
  i 'd prefer if they were to report on stories that actually matter . 
  yes , but armenia has russian backing in the form of membership in russia 's counter-nato alliance [ csto ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/collective_security_treaty_organization ) . 
  they also have a few thousand russian troops based there , which act as a tripwire for russian involvement were armwnia to get involved with troubles with turkey or an escalation with azerbaijan . 
  as cute as this is , this article is merely covering an internet petition in the form of a facebook page with 4500 likes . 
  no you got it all wrong , limburg is n't basically belgium , belgium is basically the netherlands . 
  remember , legal unless proven illegal . 
  let them eat cake !, 
  remember , tasks is only one letter away from tanks !, 
  i do ... 
  you draw very well . 
  just a reminder though , that thing in northern ireland is actually a lake . 
  well , to be honest , i 'm not very fond of british youth either , with their tracksuits and \u0336v\u0336a\u0336u\u0336x\u0336h\u0336a\u0336l\u0336l\u0336 opel astras . 
  [ the eternal anglo . 
  it 's dutch . 
  i was constantly expecting twists or unexpected results , but no , they 're really straightforward . 
  rich . 
  wait , there are localised default subreddits ? 
  interesting .
