  probably an american . 
  as they should . 
  so , let 's say , hypothetically , slovenia builds this barrier along their entire border with croatia and then forces anyone who wishes to enter through the legal border crossings . 
  this would trap a great amount of migrants in croatia , who 'd have to go all the way back through serbia and romania in order to get around the hungarian fence , or try something radically different . 
  this is an interesting development . 
  that 's because they share their spying . 
  is it just him that was convicted though , or the entire party ? 
  i 'd imagine that the party has since distanced themselves from him . 
  espionage like this is basically a public secret . 
  everybody knows that everybody spies on everybody else , but people still act surprised and outraged when the media finds out . 
  `` no problem soviets . '', 
  this headline either needs more punctuation , or it 's describing an oxymoron . 
  honestly , how is his argument even supposed to work ? 
  russians are n't even trying anymore . 
  actually , they have n't been for a while now . 
  on further research , i think i may be thinking of the previous king , the one that 's still on the majority of belgian coins . 
  maximum damage control !, 
  what ? 
  does n't this ask for money now ? 
  ah yes , because the thing that libya needs most right now is more bombs . 
  seriously though , serbia barely has an airworthy air force , how are they even proposing this ? 
  well , it 's not like speaking dutch has been good to footballers this season . 
  the eu does n't get to decide what languages the member countries do , but several countries themselves offer english . 
  of course the uk , ireland and malta offer their services in english . 
  switzerland offers some of their services in english as well , with a large part of their official websites also being available in english . 
  the netherlands also offers english , but exclusively to the overseas territories of saba and sint eustatius , which technically are n't in the eu yet , but are scheduled to join . 
  you may still have that on your money , but that ship has long sailed for the rest of us . 
  / u/dclauzel , is that you ? 
  switzerland offers services in five languages if i recall correctly , at least their website does . 
  german , french , italian , romansh and english . 
  yes , it only makes sense to do that . 
  there is no reason for switzerland to be a separate country . 
  considering they 're currently grouped with wallonia and the difficulty of changing that as well as the small amount of influence in any process they get , i think they 'll end up with wallonia whether they like it or not . 
  does n't the king also have tremendous difficulty actually speaking dutch as well ? 
  there is a lot of resistance against this idea , even the eu itself does n't want to do it . 
   / r/europe  hands-off approach . 
  unrelated question , how do you even remember your username ? 
  very true . 
  perhaps , but the word patat is n't used for potatoes in dutch except for in the southernmost tip of flanders , everywhere else it 's aardappel , literally earth-apple . 
  the name french fries is linguistic in origin as supposed to national . 
  i believe it 's origins lay in american troops during i believe world war 2 who encountered them in the french-speaking part of belgium and popularised the name back home . 
  interestingly enough , there are two names for the dish in dutch , it 's called patat in the north of the netherlands , and friet/frites in the south and belgium . 
  fun fact : dutch uses the `` us-international '' keyboard layout , which also includes other unique characters from neighbouring european languages , like german , norwegian and french , which i ca n't type right now because i 'm on mobile . 
  it also uses deadkey , which is an absolutely amazing way to add diatrics . 
  will demonstrate when i get back . 
  it 's actually a hexagon though . 
  the name is a bit of a misnomer . 
  it is n't technically speaking the government that will collapse , but the coalition of the governing parties will no longer be able to govern together . 
  only the cabinet will collapse . 
  either they will have to form a new coalition with the same election results they have currently formed a cabinet , or they will have to prescribe new elections and form a new cabinet with the results of those . 
  let us dream !, 
  that and also [ this upcoming referendum ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/republika_srpska_court_referendum,_2015 ) is making me fear for the future of bosnia-herzegovina . 
  they 're a bit of everything by this point . 
  can not unsee . 
  so , what software and sources did you use to make this ? 
  thanks in advance , / r/maps, 
  from what i gather ( mostly from [ this wikipedia article ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/recognition_of_same-sex_unions_in_slovenia#same-sex_marriage ) ) , the conservative parties whom pushed for this referendum after the law was already passed are convinced that the majority will vote against . 
  this is also what a poll performed by a local polling station seems to confirm , with about 50 % apparently against , and the remaining 50 % divided between the neutral and pro camp . 
  the eurobarometer poll results from later in 2015 seem to indicate that there is a majority in favour though , so i guess it 's still very unclear . 
  the wikipedia article also mentions that the referendum will likely take place in `` late 2015 or early 2016 '' but cites no source for that . 
  they 're alright , but the general rule of taking everything with a grain of salt still applies . 
  for anyone who likes to read the moscow times because it is one of the few untainted news sources about russia left , there is still the english language version of novaya gazeta available online [ here ] ( http://en.novayagazeta.ru/ ) . 
  `` isil suspects '', 
  as an outsider , what is the psl and why are they controversial . 
  the guardian is borderline retarded to be honest . 
  you should n't take the kind of tosh one publication spews and take it as representative of the country , imagine if people assumed that the british all think like the daily mail . 
  russia has been needing to diversify for a long time now , but let 's hope this time they actually learn . 
  what does isil even have to do with this ? 
  i 'm not sure , i try to look at multiple sources for my news and try to be aware of the spin on articles and organisations . 
  this requires a lot of patience and even then it 's difficult . 
  one piece of advice i give is to take everything you read with a pinch of salt , especially on reddit . 
  there used to be electronic voting in the netherlands for a while but that was reversed . 
  recently someone came up with a new system that would make electronic voting safe again : vote on the computer , which will then print out your ballot so it can be counted manually . 
  / r/tsunderestonia, 
  unlike the other side of the pond . 
  oh , definitely . 
  i do still wonder what the exact definition of degeneracy is though . 
  we will have achieved world peace !, 
  the map also labels malta as a nato member , which is n't true either . 
  good job washington post , your map is nearly accurate enough to pass reddit scrutiny . 
  the treaty itself would need to be rewritten for this to happen :  article 10  the parties may , by unanimous agreement , invite any other european state in a position to further the principles of this treaty and to contribute to the security of the north atlantic area to accede to this treaty . 
  any state so invited may become a party to the treaty by depositing its instrument of accession with the government of the united states of america . 
  the government of the united states of america will inform each of the parties of the deposit of each such instrument of accession . 
  currently joining is exclusive to european countries ( exact definition up for debate ) , and does n't allow countries in other continents to join , but this can change of course . 
  aside from tunisia , there are several other countries outside of europe interested in potentially joining the alliance , including morocco , mexico and colombia , but this probably wo n't happen for the forseeable future . 
  on a related note : tunisia was recently granted us major non-nato ally ( mnna ) status , an alliance with the us that provides lots of benefits for the tunisian military . 
  sources : - north atlantic treaty text : http://www.nato.int/cps/en/natolive/official_texts_17120.htm - wikipedia article on enlargement : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/enlargement_of_nato#other_countries - i 'm a moderator of / r/northatlantictreaty, 
  this is a thing now . 
  so , i do n't know much about lng terminals , perhaps someone could elaborate further . 
  i am sceptical that it will be able to supply the entirety of poland with natural gas , how much will it actually be able to supply , and at what costs ? 
  also , where does this natural gas come from ? 
  i assume the us ? 
  they 're probably people that heard the russian propaganda and start googling it to figure out more about the whole ordeal . 
  good job , spain . 
  from serbia with love . 
  i think he means in favour of . 
  you know a situation is bad when the german goverment is having infighting about it . 
  and his name is john syria !, 
  the comment is entirely politically correct in my opinion , i see no reason to front it with a non-pc tag . 
  yes , the deal is already canceled , but the headline states that in the process of canceling the deal , france was threatened by poland and other eastern european nato countries .
