  the biggest point is that this is saving quite some costs for the other members of the coalition , they now do n't have to do this themselves . 
  by now , most people in the area will have unknowingly filled their car with isil oil , but the problem is proving it . 
  isil sells to the locals , which then smuggle it into the surrounding countries , but not directly . 
  it is definitely true that isil is profiting off this , but so are the smugglers whom are most of the time merely civilians . 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'm not saying it should be allowed or that it 's impossible to cut off , just that the situation is far more delicate and difficult . 
  definitely , a lot of the nuance has been stipped off and it 's now fashionable ( on / r/worldnews at least ) to claim erdogan personally finances and aids isil . 
  there is a very big difference between personally financing and aiding isil and not stepping up hard enough to private citizens financing and aiding isil . 
  do n't get me wrong , he 's still very much in the wrong here , but the situation is far more nuanced and intricate than what reddit 's comment sections are making it out to be . 
  on a related note , the same applies to qatar and saudi arabia . 
  please note that this does n't mean it 's happening just yet , it still has to pass through the parliament as well , but it is expected to pass with flying colours , and will be voted on as early as wednesday . 
  what this mission entails : - tornado fighter jets : the aircraft will be used in a non-combat reconnaissance role to find targets , not to engage them . 
  germany is currently in talks with jordan and turkey to find air force bases to base these planes . 
  it is unspecified if they are to be used over syria , iraq or both , but both is assumed . 
  the number of planes involved is as of yet unspecified , but likely between half a dozen to a dozen . 
  - naval frigate : the frigate 's role is said to escort the french aircraft carrier charles de gaulle , which was recently sent to the area and is launching airstrikes into syria from the eastern mediterranean . 
  the role of the frigate is said to be a purely defensive escort of the carrier , and is not to be involved with syria or iraq directly . 
  - 1200 military personnel : about 200 are the crew of the frigate , and the rest is supporting crew for the tornado fighter jets they will not be sent to either syria or iraq , but instead will be based on the ship and will be based along the fighter jets in jordan and/or turkey . 
  - tanker aircraft : also mentioned is an air-to-air refueling aircraft , which is likely to be of the airbus a310 mrtt type considering the german air force has no other air-to-air refueling aircraft . 
  it will be used to refuel coalition aircraft ( excluding russian ) in the air and may have to fly over syria and/or iraq to do so , but can not engage targets . 
  this is an interesting development because this is a very recent aircraft that has never seen deployment before . 
  - cost : the german government has set aside $ 134 million for this mission , which is to be spent over the span of a year , and can be extended on a yearly basis . 
  this may look like a large amount of personnel to support a mission of this scale , but it 's important to note that the majority of these are not strictly soldiers , but instead provide supporting roles , such as logistics and providing services like cooking food and cleaning clothes . 
  considering the frigate alone ( which is of an unspecified type , but can only be one of three classes ) is between 130 to 145 meters in length requires a crew of at least 200 , this is not such a stretch to imagine . 
  sources : [ 1 ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-34973286 ) , [ 2 ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/dec/01/germany-approves-anti-isis-military-mission-in-syria ) , [ 3 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/german_air_force#aircraft_inventory ) , [ 4 ] ( https://global.handelsblatt.com/breaking/exclusive-germany-sending-navy-frigate-to-escort-french-warship-off-syrian-coast ) , [ 5 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_active_german_navy_ships ) . 
  important note : denmark does n't use the euro , but the danish crown is pegged to the euro . 
  ah yes , the bane of anti-establishment parties the world over . 
  huh , wow . 
  podemos really crashed , why did this happen ? 
  yet apparently there is a shift in favour of front national in the polls . 
  i 'm sorry , the yanks told me to upvote you . 
  am beached as !, 
  topkek, 
  usa usa usa, 
  superior liechtensteiner engineering !, 
  i 've tried to submit a few times to / r/russia , both before and after he became a mod . 
  all my posts have had to be removed , it just happens quicker now , i 'm glad i did n't get banned entirely . 
  i am aware the term is contested , which is why i put it in quotes too . 
  you should know though that praising god in arabic or repeating the takbir does not make you an islamist or jihadist . 
  the fsa is basically dead in northern syria , they 're only really a force to be reckoned with in the south , around daraa . 
  in the north , the new western-backed group is the sdf , and they include groups that are generally well-liked in the west such as the euphrates volcano and the syrian kurdish organisations ypg and ypj . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/syrian_democratic_forces at any rate , i decided to put `` moderate rebels '' in quotes along with `` terrorists '' , because the validity of those labels is disputed , even though i disagree somewhat with the dispute . 
  that 's what they 're paid for . 
  i guess it 's nice to see him liked from an outside perspective , here he 's known as the man that says a lot but gets nothing done . 
  kinda like every politician out there , i guess . 
  it 's not quite there , chap . 
  yes , quite . 
  step it up senpai !, 
  interesting news . 
  france is part of the us-led coalition , and by doing this have basically pulled russia into that as well . 
  this means that russia will tell france what it is doing , so the strikes can be co-ordinated together , and will end up on the desks of the other coalition members too , including the us , uk , and yes , turkey . 
  this does n't mean that russia will now stop striking targets that the coalition does n't want it to strike , though . 
  it will continue to strike the `` moderate rebels '' and any other organisations described as `` terrorist '' by the syrian regime . 
  it 's implied , you cross into someone else 's airspace and you 're fair game . 
  the turkish pilot is merely repeating the official warning . 
  what is this recent change ? 
  two years of war with a defence spending of 30 % has really helped the ukrainian army get its act together . 
  it 's definitely not as powerful as turkey , but a repeat of crimea or the donbas is damned near impossible now . 
  war never changes . 
  and too little . 
  it 's honestly surprising that germany of all places is now being run by emotion . 
  i still remember the time when germany was considered the most rational and sober of countries , sticking to realpolitik . 
  i 'm listening , please elaborate on why the german armed forces are weak . 
  due to budget cuts , some german armoured vehicles partaking in shows and civilian exhibitions were not able to be properly equipped . 
  the german armed forces had to improvise and had to paint broomsticks black and put them in the places where usually barrels od light weapons would protrude from the vehicles . 
  this was spotted easily however and ended up on the front pages of several german newspapers causing a rather large controversy about the budget for the german armed forces . 
  tl ; dr : german army 's funding was cut , they had to replace some barrels with painted broomsticks to look like they were still operating normally , but the trick did n't work . 
  since all of the replies so far are either jokes or downvoted to oblivion , let me elaborate : due to budget cuts , some german armoured vehicles partaking in shows and civilian exhibitions were not able to be properly equipped . 
  the german armed forces had to improvise and had to paint broomsticks black and put them in the places where usually barrels od light weapons would protrude from the vehicles . 
  this was spotted easily however and ended up on the front pages of several german newspapers causing a rather large controversy about the budget for the german armed forces . 
  tl ; dr : german army 's funding was cut , they had to replace some barrels with painted broomsticks to look like they were still operating normally , but the trick did n't work . 
  i 'd love to see russia on this chart . 
  post source, 
  take pride in your defiance in the face of terrorism . 
  or * mit offnen karten * in german . 
  ah but you see , it 's only manipulation if it 's done by the socialists !, 
  got it . 
  the what ? 
  even though farage is a good lad , boy am i glad he is n't running the eu . 
  i am not implying a middle ground fallacy , i 'm stating that the subject is being pushed hard from both sides and it can easily flip either way . 
  not yet . 
  we just need further co-operation . 
  perhaps a very small agency just to facilitate this in a few rooms in some brussels skyscraper . 
  the problem would just move , yes . 
  the root needs to be addressed . 
  stronger control at the frontiers , perhaps like hungary is doing , combined with greater co-operation of security and intelligence agencies and schengen-wide documentation . 
  even that wo n't entirely solve the problem , but my knowledge on the topic is limited , so more will have to be done . 
  where was this ? 
  if you 'd like to share , that is . 
  based on the previous two comments , one saying very high and the other saying very low , all i can say is that it is a very contentious issue and that the odds are 50/50 . 
  it all depends on who gets to enforce their opinions on the matter . 
  yes , definetly . 
  i am myself still on the fence , but more and more people are becoming convinced that a major change of schengen is a necessary evil . 
  but what does it mean ? 
  original post here : https://www.reddit.com/r/militaryporn/comments/3t1n5e/croatian_digital_pattern_incorporates_a_map_of/ latvia and montenegro have it too : http://t3.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:and9gcs-4v6govyd4g9jy0hse7gfo0_kxsp0gbvo9m63w3_cqpc1pycwbq http://camopedia.org/images/1/1a/montenegro1b.jpg, 
  in all seriousness , schengen is probably the most impressive thing europe has ever achieved , even more so than the euro . 
  a common market , free movement of goods , finance and persons throughout it . 
  it has been a serious boon to the economies of the member states . 
  it 's a shame for it to suffer from something that should n't even be a problem if the exterior border was just properly controlled . 
  i 'm not sure if i get it ... 
  now add russia to that .
