apparently it worked . 
  `` and did nothing until they did '', 
  sorry , thought i meant to reply to someone on / r/hunting . 
  pull the trigger . 
  looks like bull . 
  would you prefer some strong militarily backed threats ? 
  because we 've been through the sanctions threats already . 
  workers who make the cheese will be paid less . 
  sanctions are n't a good thing . 
  how the fuck has this been up voted so much ? 
  starting that sanctions on russia hurt the eu is n't cowardly - it 's just an apparent statement of fact . 
  the other guy does n't raise a counter point but just uses some slimy ` realist ' rhetoric . 
  `` spot the moron who ca n't follow the logical line of a debate , and instead resorts to meaningless populist shit '', 
  do n't think he said anything racist . 
  loony , but not racist . 
  i do n't understand why you would advocate it if it includes `` large amounts of devolved power , much like it is now . 
  '' , we might as well just keep it like it is now . 
  as for reasons against : * foreign policy would be a mess . 
  western european countries love a good oil war and would drag formerly peaceful countries into wars they would n't have otherwise joined . 
  * i do n't want my government do be doing what 's best for europe , i want the best deal for me , my family and my local area . 
  * the uk can handle it 's self in the current climate . 
  if we were a small , poorer country with no power anyway , i 'd probably be all for it . 
  they 're not isis flags . 
  that 's the ` black standard ' and it 's must more of a general islam flag than an extremist flag . 
  this news site is a pile of shit . 
  ( also , is n't / r/european that one that 's full of racists who got banned here ? ), 
  twins, 
  we 're not the only country with cctv cameras , you know ? 
  in public you do n't have the right not to be recorded , again , i think this is probably the same in your country . 
  also , porn is n't banned and there are n't any laws ` hugely restricting ' it you muppet . 
  that 's temporary hardness separated , to completely remove the temporary hardness you 'd require a filter too . 
  permanent hardness requires a series of filters or electrolysis or another chemical process . 
  but the bad fiscal policies of some countries affect the other countries due to the euro . 
  because economic predictions for this year are infinitely more relevant to the present than that stats for 2012 are . 
  oh yeah of course , my mistake . 
  hard water is perfectly fine to drink , and boiling wo n't ` soften ' it . 
   more than 10 times ( in lei ) since the privatization ( around 7 times if converted in euros ) , how does that work ? 
  you can filter them with res, 
  throw ` jennifer lawrence ' and ` degrasse tyson ' on too . 
  it 's a representative sample , that 's not what he 's taking issue with . 
  the bbc have given ukip more coverage as a result of their increased popularity . 
  ukip are the major party in europe for us . 
  if the public are to be better informed , surely they should be informed about ukip ? 
  every side of politics in this country uses the lazy ` biased bbc ' cop out . 
  after the rise of ukip the politicians are keen to hear what the public want in terms of the eu . 
  which human rights are violated by turning boats around which are illegally in australian waters ? 
  ( genuine question ), 
  what about the leaked victoria nuland phonecall where she says the us had invested $ 5 billion in ` promotion of democracy ' in ukraine leading up to the recent events ? 
  haha am i a putin bot ? 
  i made this account because i got a new phone and do n't know my other one 's password . 
  / u/ipadalienblue has been around a fair bit . 
  i post more often about manchester united than i do about ukraine . 
  the reason i post about ukraine is because i 'm subscribed to this cesspit of a subreddit and every day there 's more fucking propaganda from both sides on here . 
  the us has funnelled billions into ukraine through ngos like usaid . 
  if you think they 're doing it for reasons other than profit you 're on another planet . 
  buffer states work both ways . 
  i would n't celebrate losing them if i were russian or from the eu . 
  did the red army not play a role in beating nazi germany ? 
  7 out of 8 german soldiers who died during the war died on the eastern front . 
  do you download torrents through tor ? 
  if not , then would n't companies be able to track you just as easily through them ? 
  taking crimea was retaliation . 
  it lost all of ukraine when the maidan guys took parliament . 
  were yet to see if they will lose the rest of ukraine anyway . 
  the way the us is beating the drum for war makes me think it 's probably not over . 
  you suggested yourself that people were scared enough to vote oppositely . 
  you 're just speculating baselessly on what percentage of people would be swayed by this . 
  if the poll is n't valid for whatever reason , there can be no conclusions drawn from it . 
  ( also , it is n't only russian forces present in eastern ukraine , is it ? 
  there are pro kiev and anti kiev militia too . 
  would that play a part in the way the voters vote ? ), 
  i feel like you might have had a point until you started suggesting what the actual poll results are . 
  either the poll is null , or it 's valid . 
  you ca n't say it 's a bit iffy and draw your own conclusions . 
  i think you would be hard pushed to find someone in western europe that ` hated russia ' before the ukraine debacle . 
  out of sight , out of mind for the most part . 
  suspicion perhaps , but not hatred . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/legislation_on_languages_in_ukraine#proposals_for_repeal_and_revision there was a vote to ban it . 
  i 'm not making it up . 
  it 's literally right there . 
  i even linked to the appropriate sub-heading in the wikipedia article . 
   the bill was signed by president yanukovych on 8 august 2012 . 
  [ 30 ] the law came into force on 10 august 2012 . 
  [ 1 ] since then various ukrainian cities and regions have declared russian a regional language in their jurisdictions __  the attempt to repeal the 2012 law `` on the principles of the state language policy '' was met with great disdain in crimea and southern and eastern ukraine provoking waves of protests against maidan installed government . 
  [ 34 ] ultimately culminating with the crimean crisis . 
  __  after urgently ordering a working group to draft a replacement law on february 27 , acting president oleksandr turchynov vetoed the repeal bill on 28 february . 
  before the crimea crisis kicked off there were imf deals made and laws being drafted . 
  the vote to ban the use of the russian language in administration was one of the reasons for invasion russia used . 
  the ukrainian government has been dithering on whether to go to the west or stick with russia for a long time now - with referendums proposed and it being the basis for many election campaigns . 
  now that choice has been made for the people . 
  as a result of the austerity planned by the imf , gas prices for ukrainians will rocket . 
  their pensions will be slashed . 
  and they had no say in the matter . 
  the government voted to ban the russian language in parliament . 
  a majority voted it through , but it was vetoed . 
   that was vetoed , also i suggest you to read this article it says in the article it 's self that the law is to be re written and replaced . 
  besides , that 's not the point . 
  the government attempted these things and the majority decided they were good . 
  that 's not a government i 'd be happy with if i were russian-ukranian . 
  what are you talking about ?
