  banning gmos is based on scarmongering and not on any sound science . 
  the anti-gmo crowd 's grand piece of evidence , the seralini study , was discredited . 
  they have no science to back them up . 
  jobbik at second place ? 
  that 's disheartening . 
  the most important thing is making sure these two girls know their government is shit . 
  even if it means humiliating them in front of a whole continent !, 
  yeah there 's this music that plays constantly throughout the series , but i can never find where it is . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jhxklynswja&amp;t=28m10s for the next minute or so, 
  i 've been trying to find the soundtrack for this series . 
  the invasion came after the unrest . 
  that 's not the fault of the protesters . 
  just because an invasion happened after the protests does n't mean that the people invading caused the protests . 
  of course they 're not comparable . 
  one movement you agree with , the other you do n't . 
  as usual : movements i agree with are homegrown , movements i disagree with are foreign-grown . 
  and what was the euromaiden protests that happened for months ? 
  not unrest ? 
  no where does it say in the definition you posted that to needs to be relating to stalin 's personal life . 
  a stalinist program is a program made by stalin . 
  not related to communism . 
   of or pertaining to joseph stalin or stalinism . 
  joseph stalin or stalinism . 
  in the case of the fitness program , ` stalinist ' refers to it being from joseph stalin , not stalinism . 
  so how about that reading comprehension ? 
  everything stalin did is n't communist . 
   reading comprehension is n't communist , stalin could read . 
  by your logic , it is communist . 
  fitness programs are communist now ? 
  terrible article . 
  literally nothing of modern russia resembles communism . 
  are you really going to grab a gun and shoot the closest russian ? 
  wtf ? 
  they 're not taking any chances again . 
  turkey is both asian and european . 
  marx and engels are dirty communists who belong in hell , much like a certain 1st century ad religious leader who preached against the rich and for sharing . 
  yeah . 
  op seems to take everyone supporting the protestors for granted . 
  am i the only one who thinks that maybe the eu should simplify a bit ? 
  typical french arrogance : feeling entitled to both options . 
  pardon my ignorance on some european politics , but why would far right groups in the ukraine be heavily for center-right/center-left eu against a right wing russia ? 
  how dare russia try to expand its influence !, 
   jailed ex-pm yulia tymoshenko has urged people to overthrow the government . 
  i am utterly shocked that someone jailed for abuse of power would call for radical and ridiculous measures . 
  i have n't forgotten about vilnius . 
  it showed up in my last game of civ v !, 
  skyrim is for the nords !, 
  wait wrong place . 
  we think anything related to socialism is bad . 
  it 's a political slur here in the us . 
  ... and in every other country too . 
  is n't it possible to want independence but vote for a different party due to liking more of their other policies ? 
   ( shit be upon him ) where did you purchase all this edge ? 
  just look at mmo chat logs . 
  til the pkk represents all brown people . 
   also it looks like he is squatting / r/zionistscum this is correct . 
  i sniped it when the subreddit creator , a neo nazi , was shadowbanned . 
  i made him a mod there for us to squat and prevent it from being used by other nazis . 
   / r/zionistscum hi , so i 'm the top mod of that subreddit . 
  the subreddit creator , and previous top mod , was shadowbanned , and i saw an opportunity to snipe it before a racist/nazi could get a hold of it . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/redditrequest/comments/21nsuq/requesting_rzionistscum_mod_has_been_shadowbanned/ this is the redditrequest i made when the creator was shadowbanned . 
  i then made / u/bipolarbear0 a mod so that with two mods the racists could n't redditrequest it . 
  just clearing things up on this front . 
  do n't use that sub against him , it 's no longer an anti-semitic subreddit . 
  meanwhile your hate and prejudice stays in one place . 
  yeah , go nationalism . 
  except for the bretons who lived in the reach . 
  no , they 're dirty terrorist forworn !, 
   hammerfell was able to drive out the thalmor completely alone after the empire abandoned them . 
  this is untrue . 
  hammerfell is currently in a war . 
  why else were the alakir searching for saadia , who sold out a city to the thalmor ? 
   i pointed out that the alternative were foreign oppressors under the thumb of a bunch of elven supremacists bent on world domination . 
  the aldmeri dominion wants skyrim to break off from the empire because it 'll weaken both . 
  and we ca n't have the dominion winning just because a few drunk nords hate dunmer . 
  skyrim and the empire are stronger together . 
   personally i normally side with the nords . 
  both sides are nords ... 
  that might very well be true , but tell me with a straight face it does n't at all look like what i 'm describing . 
   who was living in france as an asylum seeker you shoe-horned in a story about an asylum seeker who we 're clearly meant to hate . 
  it was n't necessary , unless you want to capitalize on the current / r/europe climate of hating immigrants and asylum seekers . 
   a few years after this happened my father met a family member of one of the terrorists who was living in france as an asylum seeker , he was insanely proud of what his relative had done , talked openly about it and said it showed how strong the chechen people is , they had an argument about it when my father pointed out that going after hospitals and children or theather goes is n't exactly what makes one a strong people . 
  `` and my father 's name ? 
  albert einstein . '', 
  come on , did you really need to take a thread about remembering this tragedy and turn it into something to hate asylum seekers about ? 
  every time i see immigration or minorities discussed in / r/europe it 's the same comments . 
  either it 's a constant brigade , or maybe you need to start looking into the idea that the extremists are members of this sub . 
  let 's go with `` mormonism of islam . '', 
  scientology is the scientology of scientology . 
  idiocratic, 
  til that / r/unitedkingdom chooses who the party 's leader is . 
  you 're part of spain . 
   when gay marriage were made legal in the us , a atheist group called `` atheist republic '' made a picture of the kaba in rainbow colors and muslims went completely berserk . 
  i do n't understand why this was made . 
  how is the kaaba related to the us legalizing gay marriage ? 
   us property mogul 's i was so sure this would be donald trump . 
  gondor has always had to keep an eye at the borders of mordor, 
   its called www.reddit.com i 'm looking at the url of this page right now : https://**www.reddit.com***/r/europe/comments/3ex6x0/poll_should_the_mods_of_reurope_confine/ looks like i 'm already there !, 
  a lot of the people i see making posts about immigration in / r/europe look like they 'd fit right in there . 
  is n't there an entire subreddit for you guys to go to for talking about immigration ?
