  but constantly having these notions reinforced that minorities are invading is what leads crazies to that . 
  in america we had a young guy constantly being told by those around him that black people were taking over his country and raping his women . 
  and then he went a shot up a black church . 
  but instead people seem to react as if i 'm saying everyone whose ever made a post against immigration is going to go kill people . 
   i also hope none of his retarded manifestos get published , analyzed and scrutinized outside the psychiatric community . 
  i hope it does so that everyone can see how dangerous the anti-migrant and anti-minority ideology you see spouted here , in / r/worldnews , and / r/european is . 
  edit : i do n't intend to say that everyone against migrants and minorities is going to start attacking migrants and minorities . 
  the ideology is dangerous , however , and people should think twice before they post such rhetoric about migrants and minorities stealing your jobs , women , destroying your culture , etc. 
  not liking islam is n't racism . 
  not liking muslims , while bigoted , is n't racism either . 
  that 's in a vacuum , though . 
  what makes it transcend anti-religious bigotry into racism is how it shows itself . 
  this is because people we 'd label as islamophobes have racialized their hatred of islam and muslims . 
  they use racial , cultural , and linguistic markers to direct their islamophobia . 
  they label dark skinned and middle eastern people muslims regardless of what their religion actually is . 
  they assume arabic is the language of islam . 
  they attack anyone wearing a turban , even though they end up attacking sikhs . 
  meanwhile , bosnians and albanians and chechens can sneak by because they 're whiter and do n't fit the race description that islamophobes have of muslims . 
  to use your catholic example , this would be as if the anti-catholics in your town targeted irish and latinos for being catholic , regardless of what religion they actually are . 
  you 'll find that islamophobes have a very race based description of muslims , and that 's what makes it racism . 
   muslims all share a common religion and therefore many common beliefs . 
  so i guess you 're going to completely ignore the different sects of islam . 
  got it . 
  this 8 year old video totally was n't posted here to further an agenda , op whose entire english posting career is about minorities . 
   muslims should have put their own house in order years ago in the uk instead of sitting back watching the authorities struggle to cope with the ongoing rise of extremism . 
  i 'm sorry , what ? 
  you think that just because people belong to a demographic , they have to put that demographic 's house in order ? 
  is it a white person 's responsibility to put white people in order ? 
   if they got off their arses and actively engaged and worked with authorities to cut this cancer from their religion instead of playing the ` minority victim card ' yet again there would be no problem and we could live happily ever after on this lovely island . 
  why does the average muslim need to do anything besides live his or her life ? 
  what do you even want them to do ? 
  may you never have to make a decision between yours and your family 's safety vs following a country 's law . 
  you 'll choose the law , right ? 
  that 's not an argument , though . 
  there was a time when christianity in europe was at the same level islam is today . 
  it was a foreign religion at that point until it became a majority . 
  so when de_dragon says . 
   i must say i would prefer it if the majority were not a foreign religion , nontheless . 
  by your logic , if and when it becomes a majority religion , it 's no longer foreign ? 
   i must say i would prefer it if the majority were not a foreign religion , nontheless . 
  you realize christianity is from the middle east , right ? 
  many people do n't know what the flag of isis looks like . 
  ze white flag ? 
  i zu not know where it came from !, 
  they 're leaving behind the monarchy and becoming a republic ? 
  sweet !, 
  you got ta stay safe around brown people , right ? 
   i consider myself a very sensible person lol who does n't consider themselves sensible ? 
  are we just going to ignore the part where the pm of one country thinks he can say what cities should be in another country ? 
  how does a woman wearing a burkini force a religion on you ? 
  and he 's bringing that terrible couch that clashes with all your furniture . 
   if violence is their language , let the french police have at 'em with no due process . 
  its worked to keep the russians in their place the last 100 + years so far . 
  on the list of things that do n't work this way , this has not worked this way the most . 
  no , you said operation black vote is targeting foreigners , when they 've said they 're targeting minority citizens . 
  ethnic minority brits are not foreigners . 
  i 'm actually not comfortable how racists are always portrayed as blue-collar whites . 
  looks to me like it 's part of an agenda to get the rest of the left to dismiss the economic issues blue-collar whites deal with and dismiss them as racists who do n't need to be listened to . 
  yes , i 'm the `` offended '' one in a thread filled with racists offended by a voting campaign . 
  how does them being `` ethnically foreign '' drown out the voice and representation of native brits ? 
  they have just as much right to representation and voice and they 're just as british as everyone else . 
  how does the voting of brits from other ethnicities `` drown out '' the voices and representation of native british ethnicities ? 
  they have just as much legal and moral right to have representation and voice . 
   ethnic foreigners what the hell is this supposed to mean ? 
  they 're british regardless of skin color . 
   the british , one the other hand , only ever wanted to rule the waves if the brits were smart , they 'd have figured out wave particle duality and could then rule everything . 
  either way , we 're hitler . 
  only choice left is to kill ourselves . 
  redditors always talk about false rape accusations . 
  except when the accused is a muslim i guess . 
   they wanted to drive the jews from israel all the same . 
  so , first off . 
  israel was n't around during the time of the nazis . 
  nazis predate the state of israel . 
  nazis were defeated before the creation of the state of israel . 
   palestine attacked first . 
  they should be the ones to put down their weapons first . 
  they should apologize for what happened 60 years ago and work to make amends . 
  then israel can work to make amends for what has happened since then . 
  if they still glorify what happened 60 years ago israel can only treat them as an aggressive nation with plans to attack them just like 60 years ago . 
  this is some next level propaganda . 
  palestinians do n't need to apologize for anything . 
  israel needs to stop occupying them . 
  do you believe in fighting against your occupiers and oppressors ? 
   if i try to be the mugger and my target beats the crap out me and then i keep attacking him back because he beat the crap out of me i 'm not a victim . 
  when i stop fighting back and he continues to beat the crap out of me i can call myself the victim . 
  that 's not at all what 's happening . 
  israel is the aggressor . 
  no matter how much you lie , this wo n't change . 
   malcom x even realized what he was counterproductive later in life . 
  the government did n't give the blacks rights to stop the violence . 
  the government did n't give a damn about blacks rioting and making themselves hated . 
  all it did was justify the status quo if not more oppression . 
  they gave the blacks rights because even the white people supported it . 
  because mlk convinced both blacks and whites that blacks did n't deserve to be oppressed . 
  you literally know nothing about civil rights history . 
  fucking take a class on this first . 
   israel has done wrong as well , but this is a two-way street . 
  using a civilian area as a rocket staging area and then blaming israel for marching in and taking out the building is hardly israel unilaterally oppressing `` civilians '' . 
  hamas used their own civilians as human shields .
