  yet it someone here said `` nonviolent resistance against refugees is not enough '' it 'd be the top comment and everyone would be cheering it . 
   but you ca n't prosecute all comedians everywhere . 
  challenge accepted, 
  people on reddit have already decided that armenians are the good guys as azeris are the villains ( because azeris tend to be muslim ) . 
  there 's no nuance here . 
  they think it might be him , they do n't know . 
  you should n't be detained just because they think you might be the on the camera . 
  so it 's not about their religion , it 's about their race . 
  uh who said the women they accosted did n't like it in europe ? 
  it 's not harassing to accost a random person on the street ? 
  the explain brussels person went up to and accosted a regular muslim woman on the street and harassed her . 
  no evidence she was an islamist . 
  that 's a pretty shitty thing to do . 
  he should n't have been arrested , but what a shithead . 
  i 'm having a lot of difficulty feeling sorry for him . 
  in the ussr they would have just sent all the muslims to the gulags . 
   because since wwii there is no real identity anymore . 
  you sure your username is n't really rosco1488 ? 
  that 's the point of this movie : to make people have bad feelings towards russians and further exacerbate the problems . 
  the movie maker wants you to in a fit of anger attack a russian . 
  itt / r/europe ( an ) is terrified of muslims . 
  good job getting panicked about the number of muslims in the uk . 
  this is exactly what the telegraph wanted when they put out this article . 
  and you ate it up . 
  muslims ca n't be gun rights activists ? 
  i 'm sure this tl ; dr is in no way biased or fueled by an agenda . 
  does that include comics about your mother ? 
  says the guy whose president is currently bankrolling the fn party . 
  / r/european 's really stepping up their efforts . 
  i agree that they probably took more from the left wing . 
  my logic though is that the left wing was going to lose , it 's the right wing was going to win , and fn basically stole that from them . 
  because lr had a great shot to come in first place . 
  pr was already not going to win , that was for sure . 
  but it was ls that got robbed because they had the most to gain and they failed . 
  well , the wiki is incorrect , as the vast majority of western muslims eat halal slaughtered animals that were stunned prior to being killed . 
  the halal shop near me gets animals that are stunned . 
  not only that , but in the wiki page for dhabihah itself , it states that stunning is allowed . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dhabihah#stunning  according to the british halal food authority , stunning is permissible . 
  however , there are different forms of stunning ; some of which are prohibited , and some are permitted . 
  so , which wiki are you going to go with ? 
  the wiki line you showed cites the daily mail . 
  trying to deflect from how wrong you are about halal slaughter ? 
  you are allowed to stun animals in halal . 
  you are n't allowed in kosher . 
  i do n't see you campaigning against jews and kosher meat . 
  animals do n't suffer in western halal slaughter any more than in western regular slaughter . 
  also , if you 're so concerned with the welfare of animals , might i suggest vegetarianism ? 
  the food is halal . 
  it 's amazing to me how people complain that muslims do n't integrate but then specifically set it up so muslims end up segregating themselves . 
  it 's like they do n't want muslims to integrate to begin with . 
  i love how you think europeans are somehow having better race relations than the us . 
  i also love how you think that north african , middle eastern , and south asian minorities are n't going to be targeted by french authorities and that maybe , just maybe , they might be that 10 % !, 
   it has very few repercussions on m. everybody 's life , so i do n't think most people are afraid for their rights . 
  and apparently ( in another thread i read 90 % ) most french approve what the government is doing . 
  that 's because most french are white and are n't going to be mistreated . 
  dark skinned minorities are fearful of what 's going to happen to them under this . 
   why do so many african/middle eastern countries pakistan and afghanistan are n't middle eastern or african countries . 
   the fact that people yell `` god is great '' before they blow themselves up kind of goes against that . 
  this is less significant than you think . 
  arabic speakers yell `` god is great '' for everything . 
  it 's as reactive and entrenched in the language as `` oh my god '' is the us . 
  their favorite team scored a goal ? 
  `` god is great . '', 
  they got startled by a loud noise ? 
  `` god is great . '', 
  they passed their quantum field theory exam ? 
  `` god is great . '', 
  they 're about to leeroy jenkins into that dungeon ? 
  `` god is great '' many arabic speakers are at a point where those words just come out on their own during situations . 
  it 's likely that a secular communist or secular nationalist arabic speaking extremist would yell those words out too . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ycdfwegpshy&amp;feature=youtu.be this man sees an attack helicopter above him and he 's saying allahu ackbar . 
  it 's basically a natural sentence that comes out on its own . 
  they should n't have sent people to camps to begin with and just because the supreme court forced them to stop and release them does n't mean that it was n't a travesty . 
  it should n't have happened at all . 
   these are n't meant to last forever , much like a state of war is n't supposed to last forever . 
  sweeping powers that were n't meant to last forever certainly have never been extended beyond their intended time before , right ? 
  the fact that the uk does not legally recognize them as a state means that legally he is not a soldier of another country , so your logic does n't work . 
   he was a soldier of a country we are at war with which country is that ? 
  i said best interests . 
  if rouhani os sitting at a table where alcohol is served , then his extremist opponents back in iran will use it against him . 
  if you are smart , you do n't want his opponents to have more ammo to use against him . 
  a good host keeps the guest 's best interests in mind . 
  if france is smart , they 'll acquiesce , not to islamism , but to the intelligence behind not wanting rouhani 's enemies to have any fodder against him . 
  and if people here are smart , they 'll see why that 's a good idea . 
  * spain - 8 % akp * uk - 20 % akp * ireland - 20 % akp leaving out the european countries that go against your point is disingenuous . 
  you should be trying to just live your life rather than trying to figure out what `` to do about '' people you do n't like . 
  europe does n't have the best history with that . 
   so no gays , not partner couple , no in-vitro and of course no muslims . 
  that makes no sense . 
  muslims do n't like the first three in that list either !, 
  they should get along perfectly . 
   how difficult is it to learn polish ? 
  right wingers are n't exactly enthusiastic for foreigners coming over , so i probably would n't bother . 
  yep , and as i said in literally the next sentence , it sucks . 
   5 ( possibly 6 ) parties enter the parliament all right of center parties  from a guy whose country rocks two party system that 's a bad thing in my book . 
  wow , the make up of a good parliament reich there . 
   if you have n't noticed , lad who calls anyone lad ? 
  how is this a success to have no political diversity in your parliament ? 
  i did n't actually think what i said was that controversial . 
  of couse the guy in the swording was crazy .
