  that 's not something he can shake off . 
  nothing in this paragraph details how sanders ' calling himself a socialist will actually be more harmful than the labels being put on clinton and obama . 
  obama still has n't shaken the label off , neither has clinton . 
  explain why sanders owning the term is * worse * . 
  look , i get that you must be tired of reading the ultra sanders supporters ' comments on / r/politics . 
  however , do try to understand that for us democrats there are currently only 4 candidates , and that it 's unreasonable for you to expect , just because you 're tired of redditors , that we all flock to hillary when there are candidates we agree with more . 
  obama came out of guns blazing during the '08 campaign and caught up with clinton , while clinton was a mile ahead . 
  but obama was electable . 
  sanders is n't . 
   there are other electable candidates , like warren , that you 're better off clinging on to . 
  warren is n't running , and there 's a [ good chance ] ( https://www.bostonherald.com/news_opinion/us_politics/2015/06/warren_doesn_t_dismiss_campaigning_for_bernie ) she 's already behind sanders . 
   american politics kind of amuse me . 
  duty as democrats ? 
  lol . 
  and your understanding of the whole process is shaky at best . 
  a competitive nomination process can fire up the base come the general , but it can also cause a drain on the candidates ' treasury , and also the mud slinging fest always has repercussions . 
  look , before you start accusing an american of not understand a primary process he 's participated in twice already , actually do your research . 
  let 's go to the last election in which there was n't a president running for re-election : 2008 . 
  mccain practically coasted to the republican nomination while obama and clinton fought hard . 
  look who won . 
  not to mention that i 'm not the only one saying the democrats need a competitive primary . 
  http://time.com/3760030/former-obama-tech-expert-democrats-need-a-competitive-primary/  dat delusion once again , hillary clinton is the target of some of the worst attacks i 've seen in modern political elections , with maybe on obama having worse . 
  both obama and clinton have been called socialist . 
  it does n't matter who the democrats put forth , he or she is going to be accused of socialism by the republicans . 
  twice in your post you 've accused me of not having a grasp of american politics or being deluded in some way , but at the same time you 've made rookie mistakes ( which i 've corrected and sourced ) in your post and demonstrated that you do n't actually understand the system . 
   he 's got as much chance at being elected as i do and i 'm canadian . 
  but you 're not looking at the big picture . 
  for us democrats , we have currently four people running in the primary . 
  if we 're only going to look at who has a chance of winning , well , currently hillary clinton is doing best , and by a mile . 
  so what you 're suggesting is that unless we automatically support clinton right now , we 're deluded bernie sanders supporters on reddit . 
  that 's not how it works , though . 
  we are currently in the primary process , not the general election , and until hillary is the nominee , we all have the duty as democrats as make it as competitive a primary process as possible to ensure the best results . 
  and as for sanders running in the general election , you only need to see the stuff republicans are saying about hillary . 
  i doubt they could do any worse to sanders . 
  no , i agree that 's probably pretty disturbing . 
  none of my ron paul libertarian acquaintances are sanders supporters however . 
  they support rand . 
  you know ron paul and bernie sanders are on the opposite ends of the spectrum . 
  also , this time with like a total of four democratic candidates , there 's really not much choice for us registered democrats . 
  because no contraceptive is 100 % . 
  so then why are all your posts about racial minorities ? 
  because that 's looking like dogwhistling to me . 
  you linked to an online medical store 's blog section in the op of this thread that cited nothing . 
  i do n't think you get to claim analysis . 
  that 's not true . 
  there 's ton of racist dogwhistling on reddit disguised as `` common sense opinions on immigration . '', 
  i 'm sure you have no issue with us brown people at all . 
  i do n't know . 
  but sex should be . 
  ... what 's there to debate ? 
  this is what op should have linked to , not some online medical store with a `` news '' section that cites nothing . 
  it 'd be fucked up if it was true . 
  the article says an mp laid out that statistic during a debate , but there 's no citation from where that statistic came from . 
  op , not only is your title not the title of the article , this is n't even a news article . 
  it 's some online medicine store . 
  furthermore , there is no citation from where they are getting these statistics . 
  they have an agenda . 
  their entire reason for posting is to selectively post articles to get people upset about immigrants and nonwhites . 
  this is the most russia thing france has done recently . 
  well , welcome to the club . 
  donuts are on sunday . 
  or else they 're antisemites who are trying to destroy israel ? 
  those us consular officials were anti-semites ? 
  you have evidence of this ? 
  nice source, 
  http://www.cbsnews.com/news/police-jewish-settlers-attack-us-officials-in-west-bank/ nope, 
  is showing drawings on tv the best use of an mps time ? 
  do n't they have actual issues to solve in the netherlands instead of antagonizing minorities ? 
  of course someone who posts mainly in / r/european thinks brown people 's cultures are `` women hating , thieving , and mob justice . '', 
  brown people are here to stay in the west . 
  get used to it . 
  the us is officially 65 years ahead of europe . 
  yeah i do n't understand where the `` admit '' is . 
  this is georgy zhukov , the guy who turned the war around and led the soviet victory against the nazis . 
  he never `` hid '' things when it came to military strategy and it 's pretty well known that the nazis invaded a good amount of the soviet union before they were routed . 
  why do you want a con/lib coalition when that 's exactly the reason libdems could n't keep their campaign promises ? 
  easy pickings for large , centralized countries to invade/annex/influence . 
  probably not . 
  scared of a non-white country 's navy near you ? 
  those belong to shield, 
   well the heads of the far-right batallions do n't openly preach national-socialism . 
  they call their ideology social-nationalism . 
  well , that 's completely different . 
  i hope my leninist-marxism is allowed . 
  it 's not marxist-leninism . 
  strongest alliance with no equal . 
  does there really need to be muscle flexing ? 
  all the comments supporting the holocaust education are upvoted and all the comments against it are downvoted and being argued against . 
  i do n't get what you 're trying to prove here , but it 's showing that / r/islam is supportive of the education . 
  do n't know why you 're randomly attacking leftists here , but i guess you need some sort of boogeyman . 
  `` why is ukraine 404 ? '', 
  sometimes i forget whether this is / r/european or / r/europe . 
  the founder of the soldiers of odin has a criminal conviction from a racially motivated assault . 
  they have people dressed up as thugs `` patrolling '' the streets at night trying to intimidate anyone dark skinned . 
  they 're just as bad as the sharia police . 
  their name even has a deity in it . 
   violating laws against wearing uniforms with political messages . 
  so when are the soldiers of odin gon na be tried ? 
  yes . 
  it looks like right wing `` traditional '' family propaganda .
