  it 's call / r/european, 
  there 's quite a bit of disparity between the richest american states and the poorest ones . 
  this wo n't change because of what i 'm proposing . 
  i do n't know how much you 'll value the opinion of an american , but seeing a lot of the comments here and on european media as an american makes me think `` no . '', 
  there have been many comments expressing frustration , disgust , etc. 
  about taxes from germans and other citizens of rich european countries going to greece and other poorer european countries . 
  in america have rich states and poor states . 
  we have states that get more money from the federal government than they give and we have states that give more money to the federal government than they get back . 
  this discrepancy comes because , as a californian , part of my taxes goes to poorer states . 
  even worse , because of how our federalism work , i do n't agree with half the policies those poorer states implement and it keeps them poor in my opinion !, 
  this is similar to many complains that european comments and media have about disagreeing with policies implemented by successive greek governments . 
  if you want a united states of europe or a federal republic of europe ( i 'm a fan of the latter name ) , you 're going to have to get over that . 
  you 're going to have to accept that your taxes are going to go to help out poorer european countries even after disagreeing with their policies . 
  if you 're unwilling to accept that , then i really do n't see this going anywhere . 
  forget bush , we 've got the donald now . 
  erdogan 's government most likely helped along isis at some points to undermine assad but i do n't think this turkish soldier nor any civilians in turkey need to `` enjoy '' the consequences of this . 
  i 'm pretty sure we think hitler was born in germany and forget austria even exists . 
  it 's a criticism of your question . 
  you ask what sect of islam tolerates homosexual acts , but plenty of christians are okay with gays despite christianity almost universally considering homosexual acts sinful . 
  this shows that it does n't matter whether or not islam tolerates homosexual acts . 
  because christianity tolerates homosexual acts . 
  island china best china, 
  you 're gon na love it here in the us where people who did n't even win their party 's primary for president go on the news and make statements . 
   literally the only thing that was accomplished by this is pushing serbia and serbs away from the eu . 
  which , i 'm sure , many of you here would like - but i do n't think it 's in the eu 's best interest to do something like that . 
  especially considering the situation in eastern ukraine . 
  so let me get this straight : do n't acknowledge the genocide of bosnian muslims because it 'll push away serbia . 
  would you use the same logic about acknowledging the armenian genocide even though it angers turkey ? 
  because i see the exact opposite sentiment whenever the armenian genocide is brought up . 
  seems to me that when it 's muslims that are killed , there 's a level of hypocrisy . 
   edit : in the us that is ... 
  your edit does n't make sense . 
  you ca n't suddenly decide you mean `` in the us '' when the op is about the european parliament . 
  the us = / = the eu, 
  i was born in pakistan to a minority christian family , so i know what it 's like to be in shit . 
  you misunderstand . 
  i 'm saying the same thing you 're saying . 
  nobody says `` we should n't push turkey to admit the armenian genocide . '', 
  but in this thread people are saying `` do n't push serbia to admit the bosnian genocide . '', 
  do n't pressure them to admit genocide is n't something you hear when it comes to turkey in this subreddit . 
  wonder why the hypocrisy ? 
  do i dare suggest that it 's because , in this case , muslims were the target ? 
  if you admit it 's not comparable at all , then how does its resolution matter here ? 
  you mean like denmark and its state religion ? 
   the only reason it 's being held is because incompetent politicians wo n't make difficult decisions . 
  so you 'd rather it not be a democratic referrendum ? 
  i thought you guys were all pro democracy . 
  you think the guy in the pic is some kind of snake taking advantage of you ? 
  you mistake me . 
  my `` those are n't mainstream '' refers to heterodox economists , not krugman and co. 
  i mean is your complaint that they are not putting in heterodox economists ? 
  because those are n't mainstream . 
  what does it matter how people who are far removed from the consequences would vote ? 
   literally had no idea who else to name . 
  glad you do n't waste time with a candidate not running . 
  good on you . 
  lincoln chafee ( whose campaign i 've donated to as well ) and martin o'malley . 
  something that could have been easily found on the wiki . 
   every single successful re-election campaign ever . 
  if you 're actually going to compare re-election campaigns with campaigns where no sitting president is running as if they 're remotely the same , then you really do n't know anything about american elections . 
   no did n't read it , do n't care . 
  i could literally take a second and google to find the exact opposite view , but you can do that yourself . 
  presidential elections sell a shitload of papers , there are articles on the effects of weather patterns on the results . 
  one article does n't mean much to me , but the view is tenable , i 100 % agree with that . 
  if you 're not going to read the sources i 'm posting and still argue with me , then are you really being intellectually honest ? 
   you 're rational throughout all your posts until you get to this point . 
  after this point you start being unrealistic . 
  i get that you like the guy , he seems likeable , and honestly , i 've voted for more left leaning politicians before , but florida sure as fuck is n't voting for him . 
  literally does n't even deserve this debate . 
  i 'm unrealistic because i asked why the label will affect sanders more than it did obama ? 
  what ? 
   as for the point you 're making , obama shaked off the muslim label as lunacy , shaked off the whole birther thing unhurt , and as well as the socialist labels , because all of these labels were just plain ridiculous . 
  it does n't think an overly competent pr team to manage this , just stick with the facts and you 'll win the media war on these issues , because obama is n't muslim , is n't a socialist and he 's born in hawaii . 
  now do you see where sanders has his issue ? 
  he ca n't fucking shake off the label , because that 's how he sees himself . 
  obama totally has n't shaken off those labels what are you talking about . 
  he 's still be attacked for his birth certificate , his policies are still routinely called socialist . 
  yeah it 's pretty ridiculous that these people can be called socialist . 
  but here in the us anything left of center gets that label by the right wing . 
   i know . 
  i was just naming an example of an electable democrat the average reddit user likes . 
  yes , but she is n't running and so i 'm not going to waste time supporting a candidate who is n't running . 
  if she announces , i will re-evaluate who i am supporting . 
  but for now it 's sanders . 
   the fact that you 're american means very little to me in this conversation . 
  obama was an exceptionally charismatic speaker riding the anti-bush train ( remember how mccain was avoiding any association with bush during that campaign ? ), 
  and he outspent him about 3 to 1 , and if i remember correctly , towards the end , 5 to 1 . 
  this time around do you really think the republicans are going to be outspent that easily ? 
  literally one example of a bloody nomination battle turning out well and you think you made a point . 
  everything you 've said in this paragraph is true . 
  however , you 're drawing the wrong conclusion from it . 
  we all agree that there are many factors to who will win the general election . 
  that said , a competitive primary is beneficial , and yes , i 've shown you one example of a competitive primary doing well , but you 've shown zero examples of a noncompetitive primary doing well . 
  not to mention . 
  i 've linked an article by someone who won a campaign saying the benefits of a competitive primary ( i bet you did n't even read it ) . 
  so yes , i think i 've made a point . 
   man , this is pretty funny . 
  yeah obama got hit with the socialist label , and the muslim label , and pretty much anything they could find , but sanders actually says that himself about him ? 
  why do you think republicans throw that label onto democrats as much as they can ? 
  because it fucking works .
