you realize 400 km is very far ... 
  not acknowledging reality is grade school behavior and creates useless maps . 
  maps of how the world should be become imaginary maps . 
   quite the opposite , the maps reflect recognition i 'm sure the map reflecting recognition is going to do you real good when you 're arguing with russian soldiers in crimea that you 're still technically in ukraine . 
   but i 'd just like to point out for the sake of the conversation that this is coming from a turk , unless he 's a member of his government , it does n't mean shit whether he government is biased or not . 
  people are not their flair . 
  yes , true leadership strength is not paying your country 's bills . 
  that 's not actually any better . 
  why should he be prevented from serving norway because of what specific country his parents are from ? 
  except us south asians are asian . 
  who are you to take it away from us ? 
  no , because pakistan is n't in the middle east . 
   we 've already established that the universities are heavily politicized ( oh yes , i forgot , you were unaware of such ) . 
  declaring something is different than establishing it . 
   a statement from the student union would be bound to raise the level of awareness among students . 
  it would also orient them ideologically , as is so often the case when america and/or israel are the target of student groups . 
  if a young person is so disengaged that they do n't already know about radical islam , a student union 's official statement wo n't mean anything . 
  furthermore , it 's not the student union 's job to be making official statements about the middle east . 
  that 's the country 's state department/foreign ministry 's job . 
  i do n't know why this is so difficult for you . 
   he was a linguist , with no formal training in middle eastern studies . 
  yet , his name graces the chair of the head of the national mesa . 
  the study of middle eastern languages would most certainly be very important to middle eastern studies . 
  do you know what linguistics is ? 
   well , in the previous decade , left-wing professors pontificating daily about the evils of capitalism , war , and george bush were fairly common in so many classes - many of those classes having nothing whatsoever to do with politics in their syllabus . 
  this gets posted a lot but no one ever has an examples . 
  you have any ? 
   for example , dr laura freberg , a renowned science professor at cal-poly , revealed that her students knew she was a conservative when she had never once introduced politics into the classroom . 
  when she asked them how they knew , they told her it was precisely because she did n't begin each class with a political lecture that they knew , so conditioned were they by all their left-wing professors . 
  source ? 
  or is this some student teacher copypasta ? 
   like i said , i 'd prefer the universities be de-politicized , but as long as politics are so integral to the educational paradigm , my hope is that the issue of radical islam ( not just isis ) is given much greater critical scrutiny . 
  yeah everyone already hates radical islam . 
  you seem to be living in some fairly tale land where evil leftists want shariah law . 
  i 'm sorry , but a student organization is n't some major cultural or political institution . 
   raise awareness among young people on a subject ( radical islam ) young people already know about isis . 
  it 's literally on every news channel . 
  if a young person is so disengaged that they do n't know about isis , why would they be engaged enough to know what positions a student organization holds ? 
   white-washed in the universities by the mesa depts . 
  evidence ? 
   yes . 
  i would love to see the universities and the larger culture in general to understand the perniciousness of radical islam and the threat it poses to both human freedom and gender equality . 
  and in order to do that they need to set aside time to make officials statements on isis ? 
  are you kidding ? 
  do you want every class to spend time on isis as well ? 
  1 ) you realize that a bds of israel is something that students can actually do , right ? 
  what exactly can we boycott of isis ? 
  i 'm already not buying their oil . 
  b ) what practical effects does a student organization condemning isis have ? 
  a bds of israel has practical effects . 
  iii ) do you want all student organizations to be condemning isis ? 
   this is as comical as your question regarding `` the moral and ethical imperative '' involved in the condemning of isis . 
  good job misrepresenting the question . 
  i asked what was the moral and ethical imperative for * this student organization * to condemn isis . 
   we 're you equally apoplectic when various universities in the uk and america have held votes to bds israel ? 
  organizations , * if they so choose to * , can put out official statements on world events . 
  i do n't necessarily think they should be spending their time doing so . 
  the point here is that they 're not somehow bad if they choose not to . 
  there is no requirement for them to do so . 
  you 've stated this student organization is bad for not doing so . 
  many student organizations around the world have n't condemned isis , russia , israel , hamas , prc , syria , etc because they clearly see it 's bloody waste of time to do so . 
  they are not bad or less or evil for deciding not to make an official statement on world events . 
   everyone knows ( or at least should know ) that universities and their faculties have become heavily politicized bold claim . 
  got any sources ? 
  also even if everything is politicized , why does the student organization need to condemn isis ? 
  was the same student organization required to condemn russia ? 
  assad ? 
  do they need to put out an official position on the prc-japan islands dispute ? 
  what 's their position on the nagorno-karabakh conflict ? 
  what makes isis so special that student organizations need to give out an official statement as if they 're the bloody state department ? 
  let 's try this again . 
  everyone knows isis is bad . 
  why does a student organization need to condemn isis ? 
  the american institute of physics has n't condemned isis . 
  neither has cern . 
  are they bad ? 
  i have n't heard anything from the academy of sciences either on the topic of isis . 
  in fact , i do n't think i 've heard any official statement from the reddit admins condemning isis . 
  so what makes this student organization bad for not condemning isis ? 
  students can express their opinions on anything . 
  i did n't say they could n't . 
  that 's not even the question . 
  you 've stated that it 's bad that the student organization did n't condemn isis . 
  that implies that there was some moral or ethical imperative for them do so . 
  i am asking * why that moral or ethical imperative exists * . 
  do you or do you not have an answer ? 
  because that 's too general to be meaningful . 
  there are issues which pertain to students and schooling and then there are issues which do n't does this really need to be explained to you ? 
  so how about actually answering my question ? 
  why does this student organization need to condemn isis ? 
  why exactly does a student organization need to condemn isis ? 
  why does every random organization need to condemn isis ? 
   all of the no voters refused to in order to delegitimise the outcome and minutely impact the yes voters . 
  how is that not douchey . 
  `` today i am euphoric , not because of any phony west 's blessings , but because , i am enlightened by my own nuclear weapons . '', 
   not lithuanian but russian-speaking lithuanians - so basically russians living in litthuania ; you 're not lithuanian if you speak russian ? 
  i do n't believe putin 's great for latvia . 
  however i do n't consider someone unreasonable for thinking so . 
  they may be looking at it from an angle i 'm not and i 'm not arrogant . 
   agree with me or you 're unreasonable !,
