  israel has never randomly fired rockets into gaza hoping to take out as many palestinians as possible . 
  gaza does n't have non civilian areas . 
  israel 's civilian killings in gaza are on par with saudi 's civilian killings in yemen . 
  go take your pro-israel propaganda elsewhere . 
  it 's clear you do n't actually hold israel responsible for anything . 
  lip service about `` sure , israel is n't perfect either but i 'm never actually going to go out of my way to criticize israel '' is n't the same as holding them responsible . 
  israel is getting attacked with the blockades , so let 's not pretend the blockade is an actual solution . 
   because rockets seem to keep being fired from palestinian land . 
  we can keep this up forever . 
  both sides can use the others actions to excuse them and nothing will change . 
  why should the oppressed party be the first to change actions ? 
   palestine has n't changed in 60 years . 
  the citizens might have , but the anti-israel mentality has n't . 
  the occupation was n't against people , but against a country and as long as the people continue to support that country as it was 60 years ago the occupation will continue . 
  lol what ? 
  palestine should be occupied as long as the palestinians support palestine ? 
  how is this logical ? 
   think if while being occupied by the allies the germans continued to support the nazis . 
  they blamed the allies for the occupation and actively tried to bomb france . 
  do you think they would have a country now ? 
  would you support a german country still run by nazis because none of them were nazis 60 years ago ? 
  the palestinians are n't nazis ffs . 
   they put down their guns and brought attention to what their oppressors did . 
  they spoke against for hatred against their oppressors and let their oppressors hoist themselves by their own petard . 
  they talked of peace and harmony while their oppressors talked of war . 
  when the palestinians put away their guns and rockets they can be considered victims . 
  you have literally no clue what you 're talking about . 
  the us government dealt with mlk because the alternative was having to deal with malcolm x. 
  had malcolm x and the black panthers not existed or not used violence , mlk would have been ignored . 
  the same goes for gandhi . 
  the `` peace advocates '' would have been ignore completely if there as no violent element also in play . 
   when the palestinians put away their guns and rockets they can be considered victims . 
  this is especially troubling for you to post . 
  so fighting back means you 're a victim ? 
  if a woman suffering domestic violence fights back , she 's not a victim ? 
  if you are being mugged and you pull out a weapon to defend yourself , you 're not a victim ? 
  grow up . 
   hamas , the formerly democratically elected government of gaza , has called for the destruction of israel , not just freedom from the occupation . 
  the terrorists are not freedom fighters . 
  they are anti-israeli forces using israeli oppression as their excuse to attack israel . 
  there is no excuse to attacking the civilian population of a country regardless of that country 's actions . 
  it 's funny , palestinians have `` no excuse '' for attacking israeli civilians , but you do n't hold israel to that standard . 
  it 's almost like you 're a racist or something ... 
  how other countries stop them . 
  the us does n't invade and occupy mexico to stop the cartels . 
  i 'm not required to propose a comprehensive security policy before i can say `` hey , israel occupying the palestinians is wrong and repugnant . '', 
  cross border attacks should stop ... ... did you expect me to say otherwise ? 
   but many of the current palestinians still support terrorists and are anti-israel . 
  because they 're being occupied and oppressed by israel . 
   if they want to play the victim they should take a page out of ghandi 's or mlk 's book and do nothing . 
  you have literally no idea about gandhi or mlk . 
  they did n't `` do nothing . '', 
   right now the palestinians attacked israel so israel occupied their land . 
  israel has occupied palestine for most of the current generation 's lifespan . 
  stop shelling out pro-israel propaganda and start looking at the facts . 
   israel continues occupying their land because the palestinians are a hostile force . 
  that 's just blatant racism and dehumanizing . 
   currently there is no reason to believe there would n't be arab-israeli ii if palestine was given independence aside from the fact israel would curbstomb them . 
  israel should n't have to leave and be attacked again just to prove why the occupation was in place in the first place . 
  you ca n't occupy and oppress because you think you 'll be attacked . 
  nobody in the current generation of palestinians participated in arab-israeli . 
  unless you believe in blood guilt , you have no point here . 
   none of israel 's critics call the arabs out on their barbarity because ww2 has convinced westerners they 're all secretly nazis deep inside . 
  no , that 's not why we give them a pass on barbarity . 
  we give them a pass on that because we understand that they 're living under either occupation or blockade . 
  hint : listing countries that do n't conform to what the other person is saying only works if they say `` all countries '' not `` many countries '', 
  i 'm aware of what makes it different . 
  i 'm just wondering if the person who made that poster got inspiration from the events of bloodline . 
   therefore i do n't think it 's fair to critisize the protestors for making that comparisson . 
  how am i criticizing the protesters ? 
  i 'm not criticizing them at all . 
  i just found them very similar to the ones from bloodlines and wondered if that 's where the inspiration came from . 
  this poster is actually interesting and i wonder if the creator read the book `` bloodline '' that came out last year . 
  in it , leia is running for first senator and her status as being the daughter of darth vader gets brought into the light by her political opponents . 
  it pretty much destroys her career ( and probably the beginning of what turns kylo ren to the dark side ) . 
  you get these two great official posters : http://oyster.ignimgs.com/wordpress/stg.ign.com/2016/03/bloodlinefinalposterprint-1jpg-c750e8.jpg http://oyster.ignimgs.com/wordpress/stg.ign.com/2016/03/bloodlinefinalposterprint-2jpg-0d87c1.jpg, 
  the issue is the government has decided saying certain sentences is illegal , and then there is no government website actually detailing what specific sentences are illegal . 
  do n't you see why that 's a problem ? 
  this is n't a game show or a gotcha session , but that 's exactly how these laws make it . 
  i do n't know why you could n't just link this 3 comments ago . 
  well , when an authority decides to make denying a list of things illegal , then it should definitely be doing my homework for me . 
  you are very , very hesitant to just list out the things that are genocides . 
  why ? 
   she voted melenchon hoping for a le pen / melenchon on the 2sd round . 
  which would have been a godsend for every le pen supporter . 
  uh , most polls put melenchon beating le pen in the second round . 
  i 'm well aware of the definition of genocide . 
  so why wo n't you just put out a list of things considered genocides to make it easier for people to not deny it ? 
   as soon as an event in history is considered a genocide by whom ? 
  if i start considering something a genocide , then does that mean you 're not allowed to deny it ? 
  how am i supposed to know all the things considered genocide ? 
  yes but is there a list of things to not deny so that people know what not to deny ? 
  or do i have to have an encyclopedia in my head ? 
  of course to you and me it 's a truth . 
  but what about others who do n't see it as a truth or lie situation ? 
  why should there be * legal * consequences ? 
  do n't you see how the state criminalizing speech and thought is dangerous ? 
  i 'm not comfortable with opinions being illegal . 
  i was born in a country where you could be killed for blasphemy . 
  i 'll take my untruths over that , thank you very much .
