   there are many members of bulgarian socialist party who were once members of the communist party . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/boyko_borisov the leader of gerb was a member of the communist party as well . 
  here 's the thing with single-party states : if you want to be active in politics and not in jail , you have to be in the ruling party . 
  the fact that these people were once in the communist party does n't mean anything when they were in the party while the country was a single-party state . 
  today i am euphoric , not because of any phony america 's blessing , but because , i am enlightened by my own unity . 
  politician does n't admit mistake : `` you 're a liar ! '', 
  politician admits mistake : `` you 're showing weakness ! '', 
  there 's no winning . 
  it seems to me what the eu wants is to snatch up all the countries within russia 's sphere of influence and keep russia downtrodden . 
  i 'm clearly not the only person who thinks that , russia 's leaders do as well . 
  which is why they make the decisions they make . 
   and function as a platform for the eu to begin taking aim at the other two sons , belarus and ** russia ** . 
  western europe would never tolerate russia in the eu . 
  yeah , the difference is that if it 's criminals your rights ca n't be taken away under the guise of national security . 
  western european country / southern european country / eastern european country that 's the format most of the posts will be . 
   i believe the red cross is naive . 
  redditor / u/ws6ev thinks internationally renowned red cross is naive . 
  pack it up , boys and girls . 
  1 ) what part of my tone is confrontational ? 
  the part where i repeated a sentence in bold and italics ? 
  oh , wait , that was you . 
  2 ) a youtube video ? 
  i do n't even understand what 's going on there ? 
  some people huddled around a van ? 
  3 ) it 's not my responsibility to look up evidence for your point . 
  the part where ak has been buying votes , for one . 
  it 's amusing you 'd post something that `` summarizes '' it rather than something that could be classified as evidence . 
  so it summarizes something that has n't been proven ? 
  this website does n't look biased at all . 
  where did you get this quote from ? 
  there 's a big difference between liberal democracies and illiberal democracies . 
  erdogan and le pen are not promoters of liberal democracy . 
  why would they be minorities in their own countries ? 
   later on monday , it emerged that two ldj supporters had been sentenced to prison in june for targeting the car of a jewish man with a homemade bomb , prompting the victim 's lawyer to also demand the banning of the group . 
  literally in the article . 
  conduct occurring after a war starts is not relevant to determine who started the war . 
   in comes the jewish defence league . . to riot and plot terrorism ? 
  how does that help european jews ? 
  1 ) eu countried have sent in their militaries into questionable wars before : see the uk and iraq , for example . 
  2 ) eu countries have participated in domestic surveillence . 
  putin 's no saint , but come on . 
  edit : also what 's up with the red ? 
  russia is n't communist , they 're conservative . 
  in the us you just have to be friends with the president to be nominated for ambassador . 
   it 's just never alright to invade another country . 
  i 'm sorry , but that 's just plain wrong . 
  there are plenty of instances when invasion is appropriate . 
   why is turkey the only country to have different views on what happened most countries accept that there was a coup in cyprus . 
  this is n't up for debate . 
   a country has a regime change deemed undesirable by a stronger neighbouring nation . 
  is n't it funny how your explanation does n't mention how it was a the greek coup ? 
  just a ` regime change , ' eh ? 
   but the people working with the germans ? 
  never forget !, 
  the reason collaborators sometimes get treated worse than the enemy is the element of betrayal involved . 
  they 're seen as people who betray their own in order to not suffer as much as the general populace . 
  the ultimate act of selfishness . 
   nationalist hardliners are scary people . 
  * knock knock *, 
   you want human rights i do n't think i ever expected wanting human rights to be portrayed as a bad thing , but nothing on reddit surprises me anymore . 
  probably stuff like the 30 years war . 
  the europhate ( tm ), 
  uh , what ? 
  the person i responded to specifically stated that hitler was taking the initiative because stalin planned to attack germany . 
  this specific point was what was rebutted in my link . 
   it 's not disputing that the ussr wanted to attack hitler or would want to in the future ( after 1941 ) . 
  why would it ? 
  neither / u/turtleeatingalderman nor i ever disputed it . 
  this is factually untrue . 
  ah , yes , tolerance . 
  the biggest evil in history . 
  nitpick , but vlad is n't short for vladimir . 
  vova is short for vladimir ; vlad is short for vladislav . 
  this is exactly the kind of thinking that leads to the atrocities in the video . 
  ... how is that any better than what these guys are doing ? 
  \u03a8 ( x , y , z ), 
  do you always begin your conversations like that ? 
  * putin forever * was arguably the worst of the putin movies . 
  so angela merkel gets to nominate people ? 
  is she head of government of the eu ? 
  i thought each political party put up their candidate for commission president beforehand . 
  is n't this basically merkel undermining the parliament 's choice ? 
  i do n't know about you , but the anti-gay , pro religion and nationalism , and ignore human rights of minorities seems to be found in conservatism everywhere . 
   bringing `` conservative values '' to the front of the ideological fight - his idea . 
  i 'm sorry , but is n't half of europe already conservative ? 
  has n't conservatism been the forefront of the ideological fight for quite a while now ? 
  it 's impossible to know beforehand what language the cop does n't know . 
   left wing nationalists , they are basically communists . 
  my sides are in orbit, 
  yes , lenin would be so proud of a country run by right wing nationalists who have decided on a state religion . 
  you mean this subreddit is n't literally hetalia ? 
   they 're practically evil incorporated are you trying not to be taken seriously ? 
   this is n't about banning gmos yet gmos are what these bans are targetting . 
  actions speak louder than words . 
   crosspolination , effect on the surrounding insects , what are basically bullshit copyright issues with organisms , creating gmo 's that are resistant to pesticides specificaly made for those gmo 's ( fucking over crops and shit in the vicinity that is n't ) . 
  none of this is based on sound science either . 
   the eu has a banned until proven safe this is not how science works . 
  you ca n't prove something is safe . 
  you can only show evidence that something has n't gone wrong . 
  this is an unrealistic standard .
