  hell is where the police are german , the lovers swiss , the mechanics french , the chefs british , and it is all organized by the italians . 
  as a white middle european guy , i experienced that positive kind of discrimination when travelling to indonesia , and it was a weird experience . 
  people handing you their kids to take pictures with , waiters at restaurants serving you before anybody else , and in general people treating you like an `` achiever '' just because of the color of your skin . 
  so i think i understand your question , and would like to try and give an answer in two parts : 1 ) generally , many parts of europe follow a very egalitarian culture : people see , treat and expect everybody to be on more or less the same level concerning occupation , income , race , or education . 
  this is ingrained to a point where treating people highly differently would make parties on both sides uneasy . 
  ( interestingly , when interacting with people in the service industry , this also happens on a mutual level , and this can sometimes be the reason why tourists experience what seems to be `` bad '' customer service over here - because service workers will interact with their customers as equals , and will not put on a fake smile for you/deal with your shit . ), 
  generally speaking , it is for this reason of deeply ingrained equality , that you would probably not experience different treatments no matter what country you came from . 
  we 're just not used to doing that ( with the exception of stuck-up and entitled people of course , they exist everywhere ) . 
  2 ) that being said , there are some stereotypes about certain countries ( things like `` eastern european street beggar '' / `` turkish uneducated immigrant '' / `` african drug dealer '' ) , and some people might have a disdain for people that look like they 're coming from certain countries with heavy immigration movements ; i 'm sorry i have to say it , but even though we 're normally aiming to treat each other as equals , people from those countries would sometimes get treated differently ( for example , being watched more closely to make sure you 're not trying to steal something ) . 
  but being asian , since the only stereotypes i can think of are `` more or less wealthy/well-behaved tourists '' , and since you would probably not fit any of the bad stereotypes above , i think it 's safe to say you would be fine , and would treated as anybody else . 
  weeaboo here , japan . 
  or indonesia . 
  mcdonald 's is often called m\u00e4ckie ( with the \u00e4 being pronounced as ` ae ' in ` health ' ) ; or as some of my friends sometimes call it lovingly , m\u00e4ckl bekl ( derogatory ) . 
  wow , did not know that . 
  consider me impressed . 
  most countries have them . 
  look up heraldry/vexillology , often the official form of the flag ( including heraldic animal ) is defined in a specific law . 
  proleten in austria, 
  do n't rate the actual thing happening , but think in cultural equivalents . 
  i think he did something that would be comparable to an american football player donning a kkk hood during his touchdown celebration , or making a nigger/jew joke during an interview . 
  austria , in that order : football alpine skiing ski-jumping tennis formula 1 , ralley , volleyball , handball , etc. 
  i think by now it feels really wrong if you are , and i 'm glad we 're not . 
  ( i say we since austria & germany feel more or less the same on this i think . ), 
  i gave the same response above , but patriotism just feels weird and brainwash-y to me . 
  why would i be proud of something i had no part in creating , like the culture/the landscapes ? 
  in my opinion , you ca n't be proud to be born in a certain place , you can only consider yourself lucky . 
  just wanted to start typing out a response , but your comment sums it up perfectly . 
  and i would n't want to have it any other way . 
  this discussion has been had countless times on reddit already , but patriotism just feels weird and brainwash-y to me . 
  why would i be proud of something i had no part in creating , like the culture/the landscapes ? 
  in my opinion , you ca n't be proud to be born in a certain place , you can only consider yourself lucky . 
  edit : grammar, 
  yes , especially bank transfer !, 
  how would having to deal with cheques be more convenient than that ? 
  austria chiming in , it 's pretty popular . 
  not everybody 's into it of course , but i would say 75 % of the population would at least know if it 's going on at the moment , due to tv coverage/newspaper articles . 
  the artists we 're sending are normally widely discussed on tv/radio beforehand , even though they 're typically unknown before the contest . 
  we normally do n't send acts that already are big in austria ; this might be because eurovision is mostly seen as uncultured/cheesy entertainment , and the artists are b - or c-tier prominent people who are soon forgotten afterwards . 
  ( that 's also why there 's a group of people that avoid eurovision all together , while others like it exactly for that reason , as a `` guilty pleasure '' . ), 
  but you can bet your ass that when we recently won the contest with conchita wurst , that suddenly everybody loved the contest and our entry , even people that were against sending her beforehand ( there was quite a backlash , as austria 's not such a super tolerant country either ) . 
  yeah , this is what really surprised me when going to some of the anglophonic countries , everything closes so early . 
  are you kidding me , half past 10 ? 
  last time i went home at that time was when i was 15 and had to be home at a certain time . 
  but i guess you would just start sooner , so it might even out ... and i actually like that the next day is still ( depending on alcohol level ) somewhat usable that way . 
  for comparison , this was my mate 's and my night out yesterday , which can count as quite a typical one : we started off with meeting at a friend 's place around 8 pm and stayed there until 10 pm , then we went out to watch a movie together ( that 's kind of special , and only because there 's a big movie festival going on in vienna right now ) . 
  afterwards we stayed in that area and had another beer or two until 2 am , after which we headed for a bar . 
  met some friends there , they had started playing music around that time too , so we had a chat/drank/danced a bit until they had to close down around 6 am . 
  i was tired and decided to go home by then , but some of my friends went on to a proper club and stayed until 9-10ish . 
  actually , i just got a call from a friend who 's on his way home right now . 
  the greek region i call `` mazedonien , the greek region '' . 
  austrian here , although technically you could get an id card made around here , i never used one and know of nobody who owns one . 
  in that we differ from our german neighbors , where id cards ( `` perso '' ) are prevalent . 
  as far as buying alcohol is concerned , well to be honest when i was younger the cashiers never really checked . 
  probably they would n't have let a 10 year old walk out with two bottles of vodka , but when i was around the age to start buying beer ( 15 , 16 ) , nobody would ask for id as long as you only bought sensible amounts ( = a few cans ) . 
  what i hear , checks are more stringent nowadays though , so younger people will normally use their student id cards ( which you can get made at school ) as proof that you are old enough to buy certain types of alcohol/cigarettes . 
  at cigarette vending machines , debit cards serve that function . 
  student id cards are also used if you want to prove that you are above a certain age requirement for entering clubs/discos . 
  when receiving medical treatment , i use an identification card ( `` e-card '' ) issued by public insurance companies . 
  for travelling to other countries inside/outside the eu i would use my passport . 
  and in all other instances that i can think of where you would need your id ( collecting a package at the post office , showing id to a police officer , collecting reserved concert tickets , etc ) , i would use either the driver 's licence , my university issued student id card , or my passport , whichever i happen to have with me at that time . 
  for buying reduced cinema/museum tickets i will normally show my student id card . 
  if i know i will need id , like when going to the post office to collect something , i would normally bring my passport or just show my driver 's licence . 
  and i 've never been required to show id to a police officer when i was not in a car , so naturally , i showed my driver 's licence there . 
  in general , i think i use the driver 's licence most often to identify myself . 
  to summarize : i think that especially in rural areas , the driver 's licence generally is used as the `` standard '' means of identification , since most people out on the countryside have one after they 're around 17/18 . 
  additionally , people in urban areas , who might not hold a driver 's licence , and who also do not have an id card related to some form of educational institution ( school/university ) , will normally use their passport for identification . 
  hey , austrian chiming in , i like your idea !, 
  met a guy this summer who 's from switzerland and spent the last 6 months travelling from portugal to finland and then down to greece . 
  from what he told me , i would say : definitely do it !, 
  you might have to research the visa regulations a bit , but as us citizen i think that the regulations are not too strict , as long as you apply for a visa beforehand and can prove that you have sufficient funds for the time you are staying here . 
  that out of the way - you will meet so many awesome people and have great experiences !, 
  if you are looking for a way to legally work here even without a working permit , i would recommend to give wwoofing a closer look , you stay and work at people 's houses , mostly at farms , and get free accommodation for the time you 're there . 
  great way to meet local people and also other travelers from all over the world . 
  as far as budget is concerned , i think you could survive on 30 eur a day , transport not included . 
  keep in mind that going fast is always going expensive , so try slower ways of transportation like hitchhiking ( maybe that 's not so slow after all : another friend of mine recently managed to go from austria down to israel in three days as a hitchhiker ) or smaller local trains . 
  research your options and bring a smartphone so you can look up connections . 
  want to write more but have to leave now , i 'll come back and add to this later . 
  here they are holding a debate , good way to learn about them on a personality level : http://www.eudebate2014.eu/ here they are with how they voted on various topics during the last term : http://www.electio2014.eu/matchyourvote/votingrecords also there 's a really good android app if you really want to know about their votes in detail : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=eu.votewatch.votewatch, 
  yeah , the diphtongs and the `` tzlschw '' consonant cluster always get them . 
  meaning , in austrian german , a squirrel 's tail . 
  might be of interest : http://www.reddit.com/r/askeurope/comments/1ttjyc/tips_for_blending_in_as_an_american_traveling_to/, 
  i 'll focus on the `` blending in '' part , as others have already given good advice on other subjects . 
  this information is correct for austria ( also germany , switzerland ) , might be different in some of the other countries you 're visiting : - do n't talk too loudly on public transport . 
  this does n't mean you have to whisper , but try to observe how loud people around you are , and act accordingly . 
  oh and the more south you get , the louder you can talk . 
   - do n't feel intimidated if people seem cold or do n't smile at strangers a lot - we are not grumpy all the time , we 're just trying to not bother other people , and stay out of their way . 
  however , if you feel like it , be friendly , people usually will really like it and respond with smiles and sunshine ( we all long for some friendliness on the inside ) . 
  amsterdam is an exception , people are super friendly there , so you 'll have some time to adjust . 
   - when you get to know people better though , it 's the opposite . 
  we tend to be really warm and welcoming once we get to know you ( as in , talk more than an hour ) , and usually when we say you 're invited to our house , we really mean it . 
  - greet when entering or leaving smaller shops/sometimes also bars , but do n't expect much more interaction besides that , except `` thank you '' and `` here you are '' when you pay . 
  just ask if you need anything . 
  in supermarkets no greeting is necessary . 
  - in restaurants/caf \u00e9s , most of the time you have to choose your own table , and you have to wave down the waiter to get something . 
  menus will be brought to you , and someone will return to ask you if you 're ready to order , but when you want to order again or want to pay , you 'll have to make yourself known . 
  plus side : you can take your time . 
  it is ok to stay at your table for hours , and meals at restaurants normally tend to take a lot longer compared to the us . 
   - tipping is not done as extensively as in the us , i would normally tip at a restaurant or a sit-in coffe house by rounding up to the next full euro value or the euro after that ( let 's say the bill is 7.60 , i would normally pay 8.00 or 9.00 ) . 
  the easiest way to do this is by handing over the exact amount you want to pay and saying `` thank you ( it 's ok like that ) '' , people will understand and keep the change . 
  if you only have bigger money , state how much you want to pay when handing over the money ( in the above example , if you have a 10 euro bill , hand it over and say `` 8 please '' , people will understand and give you 2 euro back ) .
