what kind of program are you doing , if you do n't mind me asking ? 
  are you talking about inside br\u00fcssel ? 
  sadly , it 's not available as a view-on-demand via the homepage , just checked . 
  :( and to elaborate a bit on viermalvier 's answer : private media tends to paint quite an unfavorable picture of the eu , focusing on scandals , inefficiency and bureaucratic hurdles , repeating negative myths and willfully neglecting positive developments and success stories . 
  that 's why we 've got quite a big portion of the population being anti-eu at the moment , sadly . 
  yes , same here . 
  ok now do that again , in real units of measurement . 
  herrgottszeiten , as in zeit , please . 
  even saying that , `` naturally '' ... why does it seem to me that the uk really has a bad impression of germany as a whole ? 
  it 's also the * only * country where i still can hear nazi/hitler jokes being repeated ad nauseam . 
  as if the whole country still had n't moved on from stuff that happened 70 years ago . 
  well ... would n't you just know it by looking at your bank account ? 
  with the same reasoning i 'd say people here use post tax values . 
  explain it , then . 
  well technically as a new country they have , but this being a bilateral secession , there would be secession treaties dealing with questions like division of debt , restructuring of pension schemes , and also membership of international bodies ( not only eu , but also nato , etc. ), 
  - i 'm almost 100 % sure that if scotland gains independence , a solution would be found to ensure ( nearly ) continuous membership . 
  austria does the same though , also after only asking non-nationals to pay student fees was considered first , but then dropped . 
  so far no problems . 
  today i learned . 
  that 's why i love this subreddit , thanks to my red-white-red friend in the north !, 
  post tax and per month . 
  that 's why us salary information always confuses me to no end . 
  one does n't negate the other . 
  ever closer union of the people yes , but that does not necessarily mean ever closer union of nations in their current form . 
  in my opinion , the goal should be a gradual weakening of the outdated concept of `` nations '' anyway , and a strengthening of the importance of smaller local regions and their growing connectedness in the union . 
  a million times yes , this is one of the biggest and best reasons why having the referendum for scottish independence makes sense !, 
  maybe as an outside spectator it 's not my place to voice my opinion too loudly , but if i may , if becoming independent is the best way to ensure my scottish friends remain an active part of the eu , so be it !, 
  all the best guys !, 
  a heartfelt thank you for those nice videos , and for spreading the message !, 
  as a matter of fact , over the last few weeks while following the debates around the upcoming eu parliament election , i started having a really positive feeling about the whole european project ... yes , critics saying that the eu is not working perfectly yet have their point , but just think about how far we 've already come . 
  from being a war-torn continent just a little bit more than half a century ago , we turned into a union of like-minded countries supporting each other and working together . 
  so many languages , so many beautiful places , so much shared history . 
  i 'm really glad to call myself , and you all around with me , european . 
  not bad . 
  i 'm trying to do the same right now , using smartphone apps , because i thought it was embarrassing that i still know so little about where those african countries are ... 
  austria here , in junior high school we had to learn the names of the 9 villages comprising our municipality , and the 9 austrian states plus capitals . 
  that 's one custom of the anglosphere i never really got my head around ... 
  i mean , if i had to enter a house without getting out of my shoes at the entrance , i would n't be able to stop thinking about all the mud/dirt/sand / dust/gravel/whatever i was walking through on my way here , and which i 'm slowly spreading on this person 's floor now . 
  so , yeah , in most other countries : leave your shoes at the door , please . 
   or do you think it 's just the brits are deluding themselves thinking they still exist in splendid isolation ? 
  so much this . 
  because , let 's answer this question by method of elimination , shall we ? 
  are the british ... american ? 
  asian ? 
  african ? 
  so , yes , they must be european then . 
  case closed . 
  also culturally , there is just so much shared history going on , and the many influences and exchanges that took place between the uk and it 's surroundings over the last 1000-2000 years , be they of linguistic , religious , cultural and even culinary nature , shaped what we see as typically `` british '' today . 
  so also culturally , definitively european , yes . 
  because again , what else would they be ? 
  asian ? 
  and yes , of course there are differences too . 
  but i 'm sure italy and , let 's say , norway are also not similar in every way , and still there 's no doubt that they 're both european countries . 
  therefore , i have to admit i find the habit of some brits of talking about `` europe '' as if it were someplace else rather silly . 
  but maybe it 's because you 've been stuck on those islands for too long . 
  on the other hand , i never heard an irish person expressing such a view ... hmm , interesting . 
  so , let me ask a question back : why do you think it is this way ? 
  what makes you feel not connected , or rather , what else do you feel more connected to ? 
  i wish someone would do this for all my posts too . 
  great way to learn . 
  thank you for providing some much needed common sense , to both camps . 
  and for getting a chuckle out of me because i had the image of a very crowded plant in my head . 
  uhm ... half life 3 confirmed ? 
  i do n't get it ; could you explain ? 
  as an austrian , its very interesting seeing how differently this case is reported in - and outside of the country . 
  also , not trying to make a statement for or against anything here , but i just wanted to add that apart from containing weird translation mistakes ( its theresienbad , not the resienbad ffs !, 
  ) , all articles seem to quote one single article published in the kronen zeitung , which is a low-quality , sensationalist and right-wing ( and sadly , quite popular ) daily newspaper . 
  i would take anything they write with a grain of salt . 
  watch it again without slomo , then it 's more obvious, 
  sorry to say it , but that was your first sensible message in this comment train . 
  better show up in person next time then !, 
  upper and lower house ? 
  that did n't help to clear things up at all !, 
  i think it helps to focus on what the different bodies are comprised of and what they meet for , instead of shoe-horning on comparisons to governmental systems that do n't really work the same way . 
  i think you misunderstood . 
  it means they are like japan now . 
  not in any way in the schengen zone . 
  my favorites so far are iran and moldavia, 
  please also post this to / r/yurop and / r/acteuropa - comments will be more understanding of the big things you achieved and are still trying to achieve . 
  congratulations by the way , this austrian is proud to call you his european bros today . 
  this just in : maaybe early elections in austria , in may, 
  ooh now i understand !, 
  friends in very high places ... satellites ... very clever . 
  do n't forget to pack parenyica as well !, 
  6 yrs, 
  just reducing it to immigration is a little simplistic i think ; also van der bellen is not really pro-immigration while hofer is definitely anti . 
  hofer : right-wing , presents himself as anti-establishment , plans an active presidency ( and unconventionally so ) , talks about change in broad bold strokes , definitely anti-immigration . 
  made inquiries about chemtrails in parliament . 
  van der bellen : left-wing , environmentalist , plans a more traditional moderate presidency , wants reform but with level-headedness and calm discussion . 
  says he wants to be a president of all austrians . 
  yeah he 's definitely getting too old . 
  no real fringe views , he 's a very moderate left . 
  interesting !, 
  [ here 's the same ] ( https://homepage.univie.ac.at/horst.prillinger/ubahn/m/v-english.html ) for viennese subway stops - beware , it 's a very free etymological translation . 
  what is luigi boos ? 
  hmm now i want to make a direct comparison ... 
  i have to admit that in my mind they 're nearly identical . 
  i too noticed the difference !, 
  and both ways seem to still much better than grating . 
  why is that ?
