  maybe it 's because of a misguided sense of national inferiority complex , and because we have the innate feeling that the world does n't know about us enough and want to educate , or maybe it 's because we ca n't help but be proud a bit about how well things are going here , but we 're not used to that feeling and do n't know how to express it ... in any case , it shows in a kind of pushy exceptionalism paired with sub-par english , and comment chains that always devolve into shouting dialect phrases with zero regard for the original question , and that is so unlike my normally worldly and laid-back ( to the point of being cynical ) countrymen . 
  weird . 
  yes ; i think that 's what always happens in foreign languages , the meaning is there but the emotion is missing . 
  i normally do n't even use standard german when i 'm really swearing , but instead fall back into the dialect my dad used to speak . 
  very telling . 
  indonesian , persian , mayatan , thai, 
  expletives ; it 's just not the same . 
  also , rising sea levels have to reach totally apocalyptic proportions ( half of the world gone ) before we start getting at least some beach access . 
  as a fellow austrian , booh . 
  not too bad actually ... 
  yeah we have that in my family . 
  it 's not too common though i think , it 's more a thing with people into health foods etc. 
  consider my jimmies cattled . 
  japan , new zealand , indonesia, 
  proper distinction between cases ; especially dative and accusative ( dem/den ) is giving some natives more trouble than it should . 
  recently i had a `` what has this world come to '' moment when i saw somebody arguing online that this should be dropped , because he does n't care ( without being able to even properly state what `` this '' is ) . 
  over my dead body !, 
  also `` that 's the poodle 's core !, 
  '' ; more a meaning of `` this is what this is really about '', 
  normally these are given away to friends and family or neighbors , or just kept by the owners of the mother . 
  i should add that this is a very rural situation , doing it like this might not be possible in a big city . 
  sauerkraut ; spargel ; leberk\u00e4se i 'm not known to be a picky eater , but all of these , ughhh . 
  can answer for cats : because i want to provide them with a life as `` natural '' as possible ; they also roam , i could never ever lock them up inside . 
  it might be more dangerous ( they get into fights sometimes ) , i 'm aware that they might even die ( which i honestly hope to god they never do ) - but that 's all still preferable to forcing them to live a cushioned neutered fake plastic indoor life if you ask me . 
  wow , i like how you manage to piss nearly everybody off equally with that map , kudos !, 
  people are gon na mention `` ein echter wiener geht nicht unter '' , but i nominate two movies by glawogger , `` nacktschnecken '' and `` contact high '' . 
  i always downvote travels questions . 
  we are not these lazy guy 's travel agents , plus all these things have been asked a hundred times already , if you search for it . 
  i also agree with your first statement , it 's mostly questions that are worded in a stupid or condescending way that receive downvotes . 
  honestly , oh my god ... 
  ode to joy ones were already posted , my work here has been done . 
  in regards to social life and exploring and enjoying life as a young adult it 's exactly the same ; but the university itself has no part in that . 
  at my uni , we do n't have `` a campus '' per se , there 's a whole bunch of buildings strewn all over town , and depending on what you study you would mostly never interact with the people from other departments of your uni . 
  it 's only for one kind of document or another that you have to pay a visit to the main building where the offices are located , but it 's always a drag . 
  expecting your social life to happen through that would feel a bit like hanging out at the city office after hours hoping for a party tbh . 
  all that social stuff you figure out on your own , with your flatmates , and with less connection to a certain uni . 
  the bars and clubs where all these people meet do n't care if you 're a student of uni a or b or c. 
  yeah , but at least here one housing project is home to a lot of students form different universities from all over town . 
  there 's no close uni-dorm relationship , it 's just a different form of apartments . 
  as in , where do we go to swim in summer ? 
  we do n't have access to the sea in vienna , we have our `` beaches '' along the danube river , the donauinsel is great for that , and mostly used by locals ( hopefully not many people visit this city to get to a beach ) . 
  a less well-known tip * only * for locals and people `` in the know '' would be the nudist areas in lobau ( two small lakes in a nearby national park ) . 
  for other places in austria , you ca n't beat the various lakes , but they can be more or less touristy . 
  i like the idea of the guy that wants to spend one month in a few different cities . 
  i 'd just use airbnb , then start out doing touristy stuff ( go to hostels for meeting people ) and get more and more `` local '' the further i 'm into the month and the more i know the place . 
  i would do that during august , september , april , and maaybe october and march . 
  for the winter months i 'd go on tours out into the wild , mostly somewhere in the south/tropics , something like a guided hiking tour to the amazonas jungle , a tour to galapagos , living on a boat and going around northern scotland , a wildlife tour through kenia , a road/camping trip around the southern us national parks , going mountain climbing and doing a homestay on java or bali , going up and down the two coasts in costa rica ; but also make time to experience winter/christmas markets in december , or go skiing on some mountain . 
  but mostly something with the focus of seeing impressive nature and learning about a place 's exology and nature and way of life . 
  basically , aim to see both cities and nature ; and `` just live '' in cities , but rely a bit on guides and tours in nature . 
  my city suggestions would be : august-vienna ; september-barcelona ; march-new york ; april-tokyo . 
  oh , and contact me if you end up in vienna . 
  if it 's done to preserve traditional ways of life , as food source and in a sustainable manner with quotas and original hunting methods - it 's fine . 
  when it 's done with modern guns and for selling the product , even when practiced by marginalized and poorer `` first nation '' inhabitants - boo . 
  in any other case - double boo . 
  [ fin de si\u00e8cle ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/fin_de_si\u00e8cle ) , definitely !, 
  before the brain drain of two world wars , when vienna mattered . 
  [ king gizzard and the lizard wizard ] ( https://youtu.be/3cyx_otbla0 ) , hands down !, 
  yes ; imho it was worth it . 
  wow that 's really cool !, 
  the accent of east tyrol , it 's the perfect combination of friendly laid-back carynthian and cute and sexy tyrolean ; nearly any girl i know from that area i 've had had a bit of a crush on . 
  close contender is south tyrolean . 
  [ spain 2008 - baila el chiki chiki ] ( https://youtu.be/wfecivoxxbo ), 
  haha , my favorite slogan of theirs is `` inhalte \u00fcberwinden '' , which i would translate as `` overcome substance '' ( in political agendas ) . 
  also , they were advocating to build a wall even before trump !, 
  til , thanks . 
  spent some time in indonesia , figured i might answer with the situation there , because it 's interesting to compare : nearly fucking everybody , from the neighborhood association guy to the water canister seller . 
  most of the time they let themselves in on their own as well , does n't matter if you 're home or not . 
  hehe , depends mostly on your teacher i think . 
  we had one that worked on hardly any literature with us , i never even read the ubiquitous faust . 
  i 'm it sure how usual that is though . 
  and to answer the thread 's question , lessing was read n german class by nearly anybody i talked to about school . 
  even we read `` nathan der weise '' . 
  learned it in middle school , at around age 10-12 . 
  also i kind of like the lyrics ( only know the first verse ) . 
  i remember we also had the learn the lyrics for our province/state 's hymn , but i did n't care at all and immediately forgot it again . 
  ok , and now guess what `` bise '' means . 
  i think it must be some kind of vicious cycle : if you left on your shoes all day , even inside , of course your feet would get smelly . 
  so the solutions either are to only wear shoes outside , or ... never get out of your shoes i guess . 
  brussels ; i came via amsterdam and was expecting another shiny , modern `` capital of europe '' kind of city ; was not prepared for the grimy ( french ? ), 
  looking streets and buildings . 
  in some parts , it reminded me more of the uglier parts of budapest or other eastern european cities `` blessed '' with communist architecture . 
  the beer was great though . 
  til , i thought it means people born after 2000 . 
  spoken like a true middle european - i totally agree ( down to the fact that i 'm not even sure why this is so upsetting ) . 
  you found better words for it than i could have ; thank you . 
  also , what 's interesting is that i have a feeling the santa claus craze mostly affects people from ... lower social classes ? 
  especially people that would name their kids justin or chantall seem to love the fake plastic `` santa is crawling up the ladder '' decorations . 
  i 've grown to appreciate the seasons after having spent some time in the tropics ; these days i 'm ok with how things are here ( austria ) , but i still wish summer would be a bit longer than only three months . 
  strong connection , both to the project , and to its current leaders . 
  happened during the last eu election , when i watched some of the tv debates and realized how much more competent and honestly interested in doing good work these guys are compared to our own national politicians with their petty little squabbles and their endless mud-slinging and scrambling to stay in power . 
  after that , my positive image increased even further over time , for example when i realized how good of a job the eu parliament is doing at having our best interest at heart . 
  i also payed more attention to what the press is writing about the eu , and what its intentions on certain issues are . 
  and i realized how * even some people in the commission * are actually great guys ( like kroes , or ansip ) . 
  now i 'm a full-blown europhile . 
  the biggest problem in the eu these days i see with proper communication of its achievements , people are taking for much too granted the things that have already been achieved , and how good we have it . 
  brexit is making that a little clearer thankfully . 
  final fantasy 8, 
  i think the comparison to the hakenkreuz ist very accurate . 
  concerning the imperial flag , the controversial meaning is not well known in europe . 
  the imperial flag is often treated as a historical , `` cool '' looking version of the modern flag ; that 's why it is sometimes used in design ( web design , clothes ) that should look `` japanese '' .
