permission to liberate ? 
  a part of extendables 3 was shot in budapest . 
  i do n't get it , is this treason ? 
  i am proud of my country , do n't want it . 
  a conversation i had with a dane led me into making this topic , i was honestly surprised he had n't heard of whatsapp . 
  hahahahahahaha ) ) ) ), 
  only if you can make pasta ) ), 
  holy shit . 
  but did n't the ussr lose against afghanistan in the 80s ? 
  i do n't like this . 
  crimea is part of fucking ukraine , not russia . 
  putin away . 
  basically romania laid an egg which created the same country but twice as shit , then moldova wanted to split their country to create transnistria which is 2x as shit as moldova . 
  what country is equal to primorsky krai , russia ? 
  i want to know . 
  i think we can all agree that moldova is vampire and romania . . well . . 
  we need refugees so they can live in chechnya or dagestan and live a peaceful life . 
  it is in fact the land of the free ) ), 
  i ca n't believe people are fine with these toxic immigrants . . 
  you can have karaliau\u010dius . 
  but vacation or business trip is all about the building of hype while you are patiently waiting in planes !, 
  - is attacking syria that 's what we want you to believe but we 're really just annexing them, 
  i wonder if they 'd want to come to russia, 
  ah , but there 's still moldova . 
  literally romania 0.5, 
  if we exclude eastern europe , the figures might just be a little bit higher . 
  religious pressuring is some serious shit, 
  oh my h\u00e1karl , i thought it was a british show, 
  the fact you are from ireland makes me missread it as ireland and that got me confused, 
  be what you want because a pirate is free . 
  you are a pirate !, 
  yes ... netherlands . . pls vote yes ( dramatic laughter ), 
  jokes on you . 
  your country has more turks than sweden does !, 
  basically every lithuanian i 've met have left their country to study elsewhere . 
  that says about the education in their country , so good on them, 
  you know when something is so bad and cringe , it actually gets good, 
  i love e\u017eys commercials, 
  judging from what i know about him , which is little and all from this article really , i would n't mind having a drink with him and discuss beers & ciders, 
  should i be surprised ? 
  wherever you find an ant in finland , there will be a bear, 
  people are n't allowed to voice their opinions in the land of the actual free ? 
  i was shocked to read greece recognize islamic state as a country . 
  i 'm glad i read it twice, 
  they were probably expecting a kawaii russian man dancing on ice instead of lesbian porn, 
  better take a photo during summer because in winter it 's like looking at a picture of the arctic, 
  sorry for the partition :3, 
  the dutch are the true pirates of the 21st century . 
  making northern cyprus grey is kinda salty, 
  i do n't recall there ever been any fucking going on at the mcdonald 's i 've been to, 
  russia annexes the nightclub, 
  it were the aliens !!!, 
  no commie block in sight :(, 
  how is poutine support in estonia & latvija considering their large russian majority ? 
  hands off my favorite little potato country , poutine, 
  british michelin chef faces trial in romania ? 
  what , did they not like his food ? 
  excuse me ? 
  i always thought belgian roads were 2x better than the dutch, 
  i just murdered a sandwich . 
  took it down with just a few bites, 
  because it 's a dictatorship . 
  why take them away from their homes if we can take home to them !, 
  ca n't you send all these refugees to belarus ? 
  ` jarmala ', 
  is there a similar one for average male asian height ? 
  seems like papa has something to explain, 
  where is ukraine and georgia ? 
  what does the eu say about the baltic countries ? 
  ok , but other than that , it 's pretty much '' uninhabited '', 
  did you use a website for that ? 
  otherwise impressive . 
  siberia is practically uninhabited lol, 
  i would like to see one with russia . 
  what is actually to do in s\u0101rem\u0101 ? 
  oh boy , imagining a hypothetical situation in which all of russia is eu and all that mass of land, 
  having lived in netherlands , i never knew this existed, 
  because feyenoord , bitch, 
  lithuania is still there . 
  god yes, 
  lithuania as rich as east wales . 
  feels bad man, 
  chechnya controls themselves . 
  if you do n't give them that , they 'll slaughter every ethnic russian they come across and start a new war for independence . 
  also lots of terrorism . 
  yeah , the guy is as straight as a roundabout, 
  looks cozy . 
  10/10 would take a nap in this room, 
  why would you want to get rid of the gays . 
  what am i going to do without philipp kirkorov and sergey lazarev ? 
  aw look at that guy on the right kissing the mans shoulder . 
  true love right there, 
  just like latvija , it 's pretty small, 
  if you look from above , it kinda looks like a wifi signal, 
  you 're estonian, 
  i have only been to r\u012bga and j\u016brmala . 
  what am i supposed to imagine with the roads outside of those ? 
  i would disagree because latvija has no potatoes . 
  i 've checked . 
  sorry , when i messaged you , i had no idea about your nationality . .
