  so far soe has been unable to find some sort of balance between these two so every once in a while they 'll simply flip the up/op switch in a patch . 
   an easy but very boring solution would be to give it the kobalt or basilisk by default and give some cert refunds to those who bought it . 
  i just think it 's so damn boring . 
  it would be better than nothing but i would still prefer something new . 
  any plans on making and selling ship materials ? 
  there 's a whole ship costume category in the z-store but the only thing in there is the nx prefix . 
  i would totally buy the federation type 6 skin , the kdf and romulan mirror skins and stuff like that . 
  i guess the idea was that the tech-plant would sort of be the main objective on esamir . 
  hopefully they 'll eventually add more tps and put something more interesting in the center . 
  i take it you had upgraded armor or fire supression cause from my own experience an esf will die from two hits . 
  imo it ( the old version ) is op because of several reasons, 
  * near 100 % accuracy ( unless flares etc ) with almost 0 skill requirements . 
  * can not really be countered with skill . 
  the only evasive maneuver is to have the external fuel tanks and gtfo . 
  i 've seen people fly through rock formations 5m from the ground while doing high-g manuvers that should turn the pilot into goo , but my missile does n't give a fuck . 
  * infantry is free and respawn quickly . 
  i can win by attrition . 
  * the drawbacks of the g2a launcher are far outweighed by the aa capabilties . 
  i can barely do anything vs aircrafts with my s1 or hades but my nemesis is pretty decent vs ground targets . 
  because of this i carry the g2a launcher about 90 % of the time as ha . 
  * if i 'm not playing as a ha with my nemesis , and i get killed by aircraft it is very likely i will respawn as one . 
  * i can reload my nemesis faster than the esfs can recharge their flares . 
  unless they run away , flares will only buy them a few seconds . 
   i think the only thing the game really needs right now is a light squad air transport . 
   i 'd like to see a heavy tank or bfr ( boo this man ! ), 
  that utilizes numerous players to operate it . 
  i think we 'll be getting that as they 've shown off spec art of one . 
  yeah i really hope we 'll get that heavy tank . 
  when it comes to bfrs i think they should add some versions of the flight variants . 
  make them really fragile but very mobile in rough terrain ( like traction & hill climbing , not speed ) . 
  jump jets and weapon stabilizers . 
  weapons with good burst dps , a weak regenerating shield and stuff like that . 
  good for getting places that mbts and lightnings ca n't and flanking stuff . 
  basically a giant mechanic light assault or an esf on legs . 
  other vehicles i want are the es assault buggys , es `` atvs '' and the deliverer ( 5 man jeep ) . 
  i was actually thinking the opposite . 
  2 weapons and no optics . 
  m1 for the left gun , m2 for the right gun . 
  also , weapon-pods instead of arms . 
  the biggest problem for me is that the cooldown system makes it really hard to troubleshoot . 
  good old trial and error will only result in a long cooldown . 
  one thing that would make me buy more stuff is if we got account wide unlocks of es weapons . 
  higby mentioned it in [ this thread ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/planetside/comments/1apgor/account_wide_unlock_faq/ ) but i have n't heard anything about it since then . 
  99 % of the reason i play vs nowdays is simply that most of the guns i 've bought are vs guns . 
  overpop or underpop , i 'm staying because these guns were n't cheap . 
  i would like to try something different and maybe play with my tr friends without constantly being bothered by my lack of fun toys . 
  i also think it might help faction balance if people were n't `` punished '' for joining a different faction after buying es stuff . 
  add some incentive to join the underdogs and the populations might even out fairly quickly . 
  this reminds me that my nvidia camo is vs only . 
  god damn i want it when i play nc or tr . 
  i ca n't even buy them so it 's not like they would lose any profit by giving me the other versions . 
  i almost want to contact support and whine until they give them to me . 
  somewhat related : i had some fun camping the a point in ... somewhere ... with my stalker cloak , just crouching on top of a computerthingy while half a squad of attacking nc players tried to find me . 
  then one brave heroic vs engineer entered the room and tried to suicide bomb them ... with at mines ... 
  he managed to throw two of them at the ground before being gunned down . 
  then one of the blue gorillas decided to take a closer look one mine , walked over to it and stared at it . 
  i uncloaked and fired my crossbow straight at the mine . 
  i think i got it . 
  i was too busy laughing while being murdered to really pay attention . 
  well that 's exactly how i do n't want it . 
  in fact , the lack of optics could be one of the downsides . 
  but the idea was simply that we should be able to mix and match weapons for specialization or versatility . 
  each gun should n't be that powerful so you 'd need to use both at the same time for decent dps . 
  because i only have problems with competative, 
  could someone photoshop the eye of sauron on top of a magrider that `` fires '' saurons angry-stare-beam ? 
  i think our trait is controllable weapons or something . 
  i wish we only flinched when we took health damage . 
  or is the force of the bullet somehow transfered through the shield into our bodies making us flinch without taking any damage ? 
  i want that ammo scavenge thing the devs talked about . 
  pretty much the ability to get ammo from killed enemies so you wont run out of ammo when messing around behind enemy lines . 
  i would like some sort of la only weapon but i ca n't come up with any ideas since smgs already exist . 
  i kinda want steve blum as aikur\u014d mikisugi, 
  the guy already does a lot of voice acting , like the english voices for spike spiegel and leeron littner, 
  i 've had a very similar idea with one addition . 
  basically , players should be able to resupply the besieged base by taking an ant from the warpgate and driving there . 
  possibly there should also be some `` ai '' ant convoy that would spawn at the wg and drive along a predetermined path to the base . 
   scout radar on the other hand can go to hell if it 's revealing stationary cloaked infiltrators . 
  ok , that might explain how the fuck people have been finding me . 
  on several occations have i been completely stationary and had enemies literally stare at me from 2-3 meters away without seeing me , only to go `` ah , there he is ! '', 
  and kill me a minute later . 
  imo infiltrators should be immune to scout radars , but not stuff like the recon tool , motion detectors and proximity radars while moving . 
  sometimes i wish i could replace the medic tool with something else and simply become `` medium assault '' which is the combat medics other role . 
  it should also change your class sybmol and remove the white stuff on your armor so people wo n't get confused why the fuck you 're not healing people . 
  maybe i should make that thread about alternate class abilites i 've been thinking about . 
  i would be happy if they just increased the crossbows damage a little bit so i could ohk most classes with a headshot . 
  maybe a new ammo type that would come with velocity/drop drawbacks in exchange for more damage . 
  i 'm pretty sure that german is like swedish when it comes to compound words . 
  there 's no limit to how many words you can put together into one , though there are rules on how to do so . 
  for example, 
  which translates to, 
  `` northern baltic sea coast artillery reconnaissance flight simulator construction equipment maintenance monitoring systems talk posts preparation works . '', 
  that 's the longest swedish word to ever make it into a dictionary but our grammar allows us to just keep adding more stuff if we want to . 
  silly idea , maybe the railjack could drain cloak power when fired . 
  or maybe disable cloak for a second or two . 
  ie , the thing require a lot more power than the other sniper rifles and in order to not have a car battery attached to it you plug it into your suits power system . 
   a cloak field around the truck and you couldnt shoot in or out of it and you couldnt see in if you were outside of it ... 
  it added a neat strat to the gameplay . 
  iirc it also caused a lot of roadkills, 
  engineer update : new es mines, 
  vs : teleportation mine .
