  i also think that the +4 influence per turn for trade routes tenet from freedom need a huge nerf . 
  maybe add a separate relation/influence for the civilian population of a cs . 
  you might be able to bribe the goverment or scare them with gunboat diplomacy but the population might hate you . 
  could result in revoluations or at least a bonus for other civs coups if you have a shitty relationship with the civilians of an allied cs . 
  dual heavy cannons are the best for damage . 
  normal duals also work but heavies are prefered because of their crit damage bonus and lower overall power drain . 
  single cannons should only really be used on slower ships like cruisers and carriers . 
   i say almost , because the firing cycle ( which procs are calculated off ) is slightly faster on the duals . 
  afaik they both have a 3s firing cycle , it 's just that they dcs fire for 2s and the dhcs for 1 . 
  also , [ this ] ( http://deepspacealliance.blogspot.be/2012/08/game-mechanics-revealed-dual-cannons-vs.html ) test ( though it could have changed ) shows that the proc rate is pretty much the same . 
  always stick to one damage type !, 
  always !, 
  you should be using only one damage type and then use appropriate damage consoles . 
  also , if you 're flying an escort you should be using dcs/dhcs in the front ( and possibly a torp ) and turrets in the aft . 
  this gives you the highest possible forward firepower . 
   and it would take too much time/be too costly, 
  tbh , you would probably be better off using common mk xi weapons as long as they 're all the same damage type . 
  the problem is with your build in general . 
  try using 3-4 dhcs in the fore and 3 turrets in the afk , all of the same damage type . 
  combine it with rapid fire/scatter volley , some attack pattern and other tactical abilities and whatever you point your escort at should just melt . 
  actually , dhcs do higher damage overall due to their built in crit damage bonus and because in the end they use less power than dcs ( 12 for 1s vs 10 for 2s ) . 
  it 's a bit old but according to that guys tests dhcs do a bit higher dps than dcs, 
  i have some ideas . 
  * the un should be a world wonder requiring a late game technology , lets say globalization . 
  the guy who builds it ( or owns the city it 's in ) will automatically be host . 
  instead of choosing a host the other members will choose the general-secretary . 
  * the un could possibly be something similar to the world fair , iss etc etc. 
  when someone has finished the required technology , people will be able to propose turning the world congress into the un . 
  if passed , the person who put the highest amount of production into it will become host . 
  that way we would have to trigger the diplomatic victory on purpose rather than it just ... happening . 
  * missions should be the no1 way to imrpve your relationship with city states . 
  gold donations , gunboat diplomacy etc etc should be berfed , a lot . 
  * gold donations should be limited to 250 gold and like unit donations you should have to wait for the previous donation to arrive before donating more . 
  so no more instant `` gold for vote '' . 
  the time it takes for the gold to arrive should depend on the distance to the cs from your capital , so the location of the cs would be important . 
  * city states should have a second relation bar for the population . 
  different actions should have different effects on your relationship with the css goverment and its population . 
  for example , connecting a luxury resource to a cs would make the population very happy while using gunboat diplomacy would have the opposite effect . 
  * ideologies , religion and your general behavior should also effect your relations with city states . 
  lets say each cs had an ideology . 
  rigging elections and having coups could change the ideology of the government but not the population . 
  the ideology of the population should affect the chance of a succesful coup . 
  * on the other hand , it should be possible to convert the population to your ideology using tourism/culture . 
  * fucking about too much with coups and electio riggings could result in revolutions or even war . 
  the freedom loving citizens of quebec might not appreciate some warmongering facist infidels rigging their elections and then some communists taking control by force . 
  bureaucracy, 
  i like it because it allows me to do shit like this . 
  * sending engineers behind enemy lines to put mines at chokepoints and their fireplaces ( huehuehue ) . 
  * scout with snipers . 
  a well placed sniper can win a whole game . 
  * generally just pulling off otherwise suicidal attacks . 
  kv-8 + blizzard = < 3, 
  while it does n't matter that much , i would recommend an engineer because the romulan ships have a power penalty and the engineers powers and the battery trait can be pretty useful for fixing that . 
  was messing around with space planes about 2 days ago and tried to land on one of the mountains far north-east of the ksc . 
  unfortunately i did n't do any test runs and it turns out the parachutes were unbalanced . 
  as a result it landed engine first and without an engine i was unable to revent the plane from going down the slope . 
  i tried to save poor lury by doing an eva but he tripped or something and started rolling down the slope as well . 
  the risian corvette you get from the summer event daily grindathron . 
  if you have n't started yet you 'll have to wait until next summer ( and hope they give out the same ship ) or spend a lot of lobis . 
  did n't someone make a ( mun or kerbin , ca n't remember ) lander that worked by using a looooong `` pole '' of girder segments to absorb the impact ? 
  and this is why i play without diplomatic victory . 
  the maco rifle is a omega reputation item which means that the only way to get it is through the omega reputation grindathron . 
  get omega marks , run the omega rep thingies once ever 20 hours ( ie , once a day ) , repeat for a month . 
  congratulations , you can now buy the mk xii maco rifle ( and other stuff ) . 
  i kinda prefer the compromise of partially regenerating health or a regenerating shield + non-regenerating health . 
  having to rely completely on medkits can slow down the gameplay too much . 
  desperately searching for health is n't very fun . 
  pettson and findus was my first thought as well . 
  someone should send them a costume for the cat . 
  i 'm talking about searching for health when the fight is over , all the enemies are dead and you 're just trying to find a medkit so you can proceed . 
  [ this ] ( http://imgur.com/a/zroqh ) rover was not only able to fly but able to leave minmus altogether and get into an orbit around the sun using nothing but rcs power . 
  why not also [ faction specific models ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/planetside/comments/1c75ku/suggestion_faction_specific_drop_pods/ ) ? 
  you say you want them to be `` less resistant '' but the rest of the text makes it sound like you want the opposite . 
  maybe , but i do n't think it would require that many manhours to make 2-3 new drop pod models . 
  the vs and tr pods i suggested probably would n't require much work at all . 
  yellow ? 
  [ here you go ] ( http://nsarchive.files.wordpress.com/2010/05/mil-c-44072c.pdf ) . 
  nope , it 's bound on pickup . 
  fyi : you can disable the visual effect of stuff like the borg console by right clicking on it and choose `` disable visual '' . 
  and 24 faith if you get the +4 faith from natural wonders pantheon . 
  that and an escort command . 
  make a military unit follow a civilian unit so you just need to give orders to the latter . 
  you do n't even need to spend gold if you adopt freedom and get the tier 3 tenet that gives you +4 relation per turn to css you have a trade route with . 
  with double trade routes you can pretty much do this to every cs unless they 're too far away or you 're laying a very big map . 
  you can also get the election rigging or unit donation bonus tenets to take care of those out of range . 
  mid and late game scouting/exploration units that we upgrade our scouts into . 
  an explorer unit that 's unlocked around the same time as the caravel . 
  basically a better scout/a land caravel . 
  something like [ this guy ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/8d/henry_morton_stanley%2c_1872.jpg ) . 
  send them in to explore new continents or just to map the last white spots spread around the world . 
  then somewhere around the modern/atomic eras we would unlock a special forces unit . 
  similar to the scout and explorer but with a stealth ability . 
  would be invisible to other civs unless within x tiles of a unit or a city . 
  pretty low combat strength compared to other units but useful for scouting , pillaging and assassinations . 
  a galaxy quest lockbox . 
  nsea protector type ship as the random drop ship . 
  sarris ship as the lobi ship . 
  thermian doffs and boffs . 
  russia plus autocracy plus uranium . 
  the celts ua could be somewhat ok if they got more faith from it ( let 's say 1 per tile next to city instead of 1 for 1 tile and 2 for 3 ) or if the tile did n't have to be unimproved .
