  surgical strike gives you a 10s bonus to crit chance and accuracy ( 20/30/40 % for lvl 1 , 2 and 3 ) and while it does reduce your rof by 50 % it also increases the damage per shot by ( from what i 've heard ) more than double . 
  override subsystem safeties gives a pretty significant bonus not just to your power levels but also your max power . 
  i have the lvl 2 ability on my qib and lets just say that 160 ish weapon power can be pretty fun . 
  the drawback of having a random subsystem go offline for 4 seconds afterwards is totally worth the damage bonus . 
  ionic turbulence is a pretty handy aoe slow and damage resist debuff that does silly things to your target ( ever seen a borg cube dance ) . 
  but the best thing about them is that if you 're using the qib or eclipse you can put them in the commander engineering station . 
  instead of having more power/tanking abilities than you need you can put some intel stuff there instead and do horrible things to your enemies . 
  even though it is capped at 8k refined dil per day , you have to consider that many players usually do n't even grind that much dil per day . 
  i remember how the zen price increased when the foundry mission `` exploit '' became widely known and some people earned like 100k dil per day . 
   it should be noted that even if you ignore the intel powers , all the t6 ships are good at their particular roles anyway , usually with decent console setups and boff layouts . 
  well yeah , but then they 're not ** that ** different from their t5/t5u counterparts . 
  if it was n't for the intel powers i probably would n't consider the qib to be worth it but stuff like melting a talos battleship on elite in like 2 seconds by using ss2 + oss2 makes it one of my favorite cruisers . 
  you have a point . 
  all i wanted to point out was that the 8k refining limit is n't always enough to prevent a sudden increase in the supply of refined dilithium . 
  huh ? 
  could you explain please ? 
  well [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kns4t5ucbfi ) is kinda how it feels to use it , especially if you combine it with some power boosting ability/item . 
  well then they have n't updated the tooltip ingame because it still says 30 % for ss2 . 
   i think every race should have a space trait , or a chance for one . 
  indeed , and if they ca n't come up with enough decent racial traits maybe they could just borrow some of the captain space traits like astrophysicist , warp theorist and techie . 
  we also need some basic and superior version for all of the boff space traits . 
  gimmie 5 superior astrophysicists with +12,5 -15 in sensors , flow cap and particle gen each !, 
  is this why i almost never have any shields with my qib ? 
  it feels like they 're barely regenerating at all and st1 does n't do much either . 
  * start marauding earlier . 
  i could have been so fucking rich right now !, 
  * make all my romulans kdf aligned . 
  more marauding income and plasmonic leech for everyone . 
  well the vandal is more like a 1000 z console with some interesting packaging . 
  tbh that kinda sums up most t1-t4 c-store ships . 
  also , there is one other exception ( imo ) if you 're planning on making some fed alts . 
  a smallcraft to use for lvl 1-9 instead of the light cruiser . 
  when i made my first fed alt i decided to use the peregrine fighter i had bought earlier and it was actually really fun to fly around with high agility and 2x dhcs and blow shit up left and right . 
   and here i am still wondering where to get intel boffs ... 
  you can buy them for 200 dil from the standard recruitment dudes . 
  iirc from an earlier post , -20 % on normal , -30 % on advanced and +10 % on elite . 
  leadership is actually stacking again . 
  someone pointed it out in a thread a few weeks ago and i confirmed it myself when i tested it by replacing one of my 5 human boffs with a non-human and saw my hull regen decrease . 
  ehm no , i have the pack myself so i can confirm that those are the boffs you get . 
  besides , you ca n't get most of those traits as a player . 
  - x % compared the the current hp at that difficulty level . 
  i 'm not sure but i think it was `` overall health '' or something . 
  imo this would be a nice ability for recon and maybe also cv units , at least for artillery accuracy . 
  i also kinda wish there was a way to kinda automate mortars this way . 
  lets say some units had a toggleable ability ( off by default ) to call in mortar strikes from nearby mortar vehicles against clusters of soft-ish targets within its line of sight . 
  it is a pretty nice ship and the lt. sci/intel station can be really useful . 
  the override subsystem safeties 2 alone is almost reason enough to use the aelahl . 
  i will admit that i wish it had some better sci capabilities like the d 'd but as an assault-cruiser style warbird it 's pretty nice . 
  i 'm also a liiitle bit disappointed that the commander engi station was n't an engi/intel hybrid station like on the qib and eclipse . 
  is it possible to do this with hunters so they 'll run up an melee stuff to death after they run out of bolts ? 
   it is n't a full intelligence ship, 
  i know , i just wish it was . 
  iirc until 2012 it was still a requirement for transsexuals to be sterilized before they could legally ( ie , on paper , not physically ) change their gender . 
  at least we got rid of that rule unlike some other european countries . 
  does this mean it 's possible to get a +75 flow cap sci console ? 
  cause with one of those , 4 `` normal '' consoles and a crafted engineering console with [ flwc ] you could get a ( 5 x 37,5 + 75 ) 262,5 bonus to flow cap !, 
  if we include skills , deflectors , set bonuses etc , what 's the highest theoretical flow cap you can get ? 
  i know that , i 'm just wondering if it 's possible to do the same with flow cap . 
  ie , a flow cap console with a flwc mod . 
  imo stations should eventually turn into something like a city state if they survive long enough and have a trade partner . 
  i guess that 's something they can add in some expansion . 
  also , they 're pretty nice for trading if/when you get the '' +6 energy per station tier '' virtue later on . 
  does different milkable/shearable animals produce different amounts of milk/wool or is the main difference the amount of meat , leather and bones they provide when butchered ? 
  i got that bug on one of my characters and i love it . 
  mostly because now i can have oss2 and ss2 in the lt sci/intel slot on my qib  :d, 
  a single hangar of elite drone ships does 10k dps ? 
  o ____ o, 
  i guess the advantage of the mobulai is that you can have 2 hangars of them instead of just one . 
  also , wtb romulan 2 hangar carrier that can use drone ships . 
  i know , but i 'm allowed to dream are n't i ? 
  imo one problem for tanks and healers in sto is the amount of dps that the npcs deal . 
  the sustained dps is often so low that you do n't really need a tank and/or healer , simply cycling epts , tt and some hull heal is usually enough . 
  but when the enemies actually do some real damage it 's often in the form of spike damage ( like invisible borg ohk torps ) so high that it 's hard to survive even in a tanky cruiser and healers barely have time to react . 
  and while i agree that debuffing can be really useful , higher dps is still better 90 % of the time . 
  personally i wish that cryptic made the npcs on higher difficulties rely more on speed and abilities etc to survive rather than just raw hp and resist . 
  imagine if for example the borg had a passive ability that gave them a decent constant hull regen based on their aux power . 
  suddenly having some power drain could be really really important to kill stuff faster . 
  and how about some very speedy glass-cannon enemies that can be really hard to kill unless you can slow them down somehow ( or have high accuracy ) . 
  just imagine eject warp plasma actually being useful !, 
   nothing has the hull to survive that . 
  exactly !, 
  unless you manage to activate brace for impact in time you 're pretty much screwed even in a cruiser . 
  you barely have enough time to notice the torps before it 's too late . 
  actually , the npcs super-torpedoes are kinda the biggest problem in general . 
  their energy weapons are fairly easy to deal with but then they do 20-100k damage in one attack . 
  like the iss stadi in the old mirror invasion queue . 
  those quantum torp spreads it had could sometimes take out the entire team in one salvo . 
   keep in mind this is a proto unit for denmark aka literally the worst nation in the game . 
  it wo n't matter that much since you can/should just play as scandinavia . 
  things i 'm upset/annoyed at, 
  * basically all the changes to the old elite queues , like the npc hp buff and decreased reward . 
  they were fine as they were . 
  sure they were a bit easy but that was what the new elite queues were here to fix right ? 
  * the fact that cryptic thinks that just buffing the hp of npcs by a bazillion % is what the player base meant when they asked for harder content . 
  it 's not really that hard ( nor fun ) to fight enemies with hundreds of thousands if not millions of hp . 
  * alt-unfriendliness . 
  it was grindy enough getting one character to lvl 60 by doing tau dewa patrols before the nerf and right now i 'm not sure i 'll ever get all my alts to lvl 60 except maybe very slowly with doffing . 
  one of the things i really liked about sto was how alt friendly it was . 
  getting to lvl 50 did n't take long and the newish reputation sponsorship system + the event ship discount made things even easier . 
  this is part of the reason why i have ... way too many alts instead of just 3 characters .
