  my own experience from flying a vo'quv ( no detailed tests though ) was that fighters seemed to do more overall dps while bops had short bursts of very high dps when they bothered doing a strafing run , but spent most of their time pew-pewing away with their turrets . 
  they should also sell c-store packs with ship textures . 
  there 's a whole ship costume category in the store but the only thing there is the nx prefix . 
  i would pay to get the type 6 skin for all fed ships and a maybe a dark-grey skin for kdf ( green , brown and bluish grey does n't fit the aegis shield q_q ) . 
   archers are pointless . 
  i can not find a situation where they are preferable to slingers . 
  they 're useful as anti-morale units . 
  they have longer range and more ammo than javelin units so they can fire more fire arrows at your enemies . 
  combine that with a cav charge and the battle might end right there . 
  briton slingers would be the best since they have 19 base damage while the germanic and celtic have 14 . 
  that means that with some buff-stacking briton slingers would do more damage than most javelin/peltast units ... 
  290 morale ... 
  how ? 
  honestly ... how the fuck ? 
  that 's a 287 % morale bonus ... 
  egypt , seleucids , parthia and the steppe nomads fit your description . 
  egypt is probably the easiest of the three . 
  you start with one and a half province and as long as you do n't fail at diplomacy you should have a fairly calm start . 
  selecuids also start with a lot of territory and a lot of satrapies . 
  unfortunately most of those will rebel against you within a few turns and can often escalate into a you vs every eastern faction ( except medina if they survived ) mega-war . 
  this can be pretty fun but it 's kinda easy to get overwhelmed . 
  parthia is interesting because they have ( imo ) the worst damn starting position in the game , with the seleucid satrapies to your south and nothing but steppe nomads to the north . 
  also , the only factions with crappier infantry are the steppe nomads . 
  fortunately you have cataphracts so it 's not that hard . 
  the steppe nomads are imo the most challenging factions to play early on . 
  you have one infantry unit which is the crappies damn unit in the game . 
  on the other hand you have a lot of cavalry and even their range cavalry is decent in melee . 
  and since they 're barbarians they can do [ this ] ( http://imgur.com/a/xqci4 ) but with horse archers . 
  scythian royal skirmishers with 80 range damage sounds kinda nice right ? 
  in my vh campagins ( restarted a few times ) i had no problem getting friends among the hellenistic factions . 
  i would often end up being allied with all of greece and turkey . 
  the real problem was the 20-30 stacks from the eastern factions coming to take out my beloved and loyal medina . 
  [ it happened !, 
  that 's what i hope . 
  next page they 'll turn around , notice annie and turn tomato-red . 
  they do , but it 's very limited . 
  late game roman legionairy spearmen ( like triarii but better ) because historical accuracy is supposed to end at 273 bc . 
  i 'm the leader of rome and if i want my post-reform legions to still use ( good ) spearmen then they should keep using ( good ) spearmen . 
  or at least they could teach some other units ( aux infantry ) how to use defensive testudo . 
  edit : more stuff, 
  more unique units for athen and epirus . 
  recruitable steppe archers and spearmen ( recruited from woodworker and bronze workshop ) and one unique infantry unit for each steppe faction ( like armored archers for royal scythia , armored spearmen for roloxani and armored axes for massangete ) . 
  should still be crappy infantry but at least it would be something . 
  some sort of auxiliary system for all/most factions . 
  could be tied to the building type so the melee barrack gives you melee auxiliaries and so on . 
  maybe some factions default units could become `` auxiliary '' units but they come from the starting area and would require the same building . 
  for example , nubian spearmen and bowmen . 
  recruitable in africa , the middle east and possible southern spain but not in germany or britain . 
  before the bastion there were only 3 tier 5 fdcs and 2 of them were fleet ships . 
  it 's a bug and from what i 've heard it affects all factions . 
  basically ( afaik ) the generals do n't have any armor so they 'll die from pretty much anything . 
  an escort-carrier , not a flight-deck-cruiser . 
   recluse, 
  a carrier , not a fdc, 
  also a carrier, 
  carrier !, 
  [ here ] ( http://sto.gamepedia.com/flight-deck_cruiser ) is the wiki page with fdcs . 
  maybe there could be factions without territory that border certain regions . 
  you would encounter them by reaching the corresponding map edge and would then be able to negiotiate with them like a normal faction ( though with some limitations ) . 
  since trading with a faction require a border or sea connection you would have to own one of the bordering regions to trade with them . 
  possible exceptions could be the coastal settlements on the east side of africa/the arabian peninsula . 
  they would also be able to like and dislike factions , which would effect your ability to trade with them . 
  let 's say you declare war on one of their trading partners , all of the sudden you get -80 in relationship and they cancel their lucrative trade deals with you . 
  and a warhammer tw would be kinda like medieval 3 tw but with some demons , elves , dwarves and satanist vikings mixed in . 
  i mean , the whfb world is like a morphed version of the real world , the human factions are inspired by real factions ( iirc , the empire is hre , bretonnia is france , albion is england , nippon is japan and araby the middle east ) , the technology of the human factions is late-medieval , with muskets , halberds , pikes and heavily armored knights . 
  this is a really nice idea but i disagree that the ai should be biased towards certain factions like rome . 
  personally i think that once they fix auto-resolve , rome , carthage and other factions that rely on good expensive units would become much more powerful under ai control . 
  i 've seen ai rome use armies with praetorians , first cohorts and other really good units but auto-resolve is biased towards quantity over quality . 
  when it comes to passive ai , i have an idea about giving every faction an `` area of influence '' . 
  this would be a bunch of provinces around their starting position that the ai would desire to own or subjugate . 
  think `` covet lands that you own '' from civilization . 
  imo , the ai became too friendly when they updated the diplomacy . 
  greece and turkey tend to become what i call `` the big hellenistic circlejerk '' as they form some sort of nato only to sit there and be smug . 
  sparta and athens is all hugs and kisses , usually leaving sparta stuck in that crappy little peninsula . 
  hopefully , giving sparta a desire to own ( for example ) all of hellas , macedon and magna graecia that 's stronger than their love for athen could make them a bit more hostile towards their neighbours . 
  the end result should be that we have some turbulent wars until a few factions end up dominating their aoi . 
  it should n't be that hard . 
  all the autoresolve does ( afaik ) is look at the units stats , types , numbers and different modifers and calculate the battle result from that . 
  maybe they could just add some sort of multiplier for certain units so the ar would give them better or worse stats . 
  probably not the best solution but it could be worth testing . 
  i 'm also uncertain how morale affects the ar . 
  imo morale is one of the ( if not the ) most important stats and i 'm not sure if the ar think of it that way . 
  iirc , they only have the rights to whfb so 40k is n't even an option . 
  and why not a whfb total war ? 
  imo that setting is pretty much made for a tw game . 
   aesthetically , i think this ship approaches `` so ugly it 's kind of good looking '' territory . 
  i guess that 's what happened to me cause i love the way it looks . 
  you had over 13 years to read the book yourself . 
   q : ( pegasussgc ) i 've seen several romulan npc 's with the correct romulan forehead detail and cardassian npc 's with `` cardassian friendly '' hairstyles , can you put these options in the game so we can make are alien/romulan or alien/cardassian characters more realistic ? 
   dstahl : these hairstyles and foreheads are specifically reserved for when we offer romulans and cardassians as playable species ( which will happen ) because they are defining characteristics of those species . 
   thus , the next time we return to the cardassian story , it would most likely be to launch a cardassian faction with a story that players could experience for themselves . 
  and slightly off-topic . 
  my ideas about a playable cardassian faction and content released together with it . 
  new dominion invasion/civil war/something something . 
  the cardassians getting their asses handed to them because the federation ( who is supposed to protect them ) is too busy hunting wabbits on new romulus or blowing up borg gateways . 
  since the cardassians are a race of smug , scheming sneaky glorious bastards they 'll pull a fleet out of the badlands or something . 
  player is handed tiny mass-produced ship to help the defense of cardassia . 
  jem ` hadar as a playable race ( could be a z-store and reputation unlock like remans ) . 
  ds9 seemed to contain quite a few rebellious jhs and there 's also the alpha jhs . 
  would make sense that some ( or a lot ) of them could end up with the cardies , especially if they 're rebels since then they should at least be able to unite in their hatred for the dominion .
