  yeah , until they do something like reduce the material cost or let us choose the mods when crafting higher mk items , there 's really no point in even trying . 
  tbh , the only normal ( ie , not aegis or other special crafting-only items ) stuff even worth crafting are weapons and maybe deflectors . 
  for everything else , fleet and reputation gear is better and easier to get . 
  i can already taste the redfor tears, 
  lockbox reward packs is imo also a pretty likely way we 'll get new ship traits . 
  they 've already done this with normal space and ground traits and i think this would be a pretty easy way for them to give the masses access to some new and hopefully fairly cheap traits while at the same time making them more money . 
  reputation systems could also work as a source of ship traits . 
  maybe as something you buy with marks and dil or possibly as the tier 5 rep trait . 
  if they would go with the former then maybe they could also add some purchasable traits to the previous rep systems as well . 
  the point is that scandinavia is kinda lacking all kinds of different unit types , including stuff like this , a cheapish mobile aa/fire support vehicle . 
  factions do need more than just expensive top tier units from the late 90s . 
  you get it from a delta rising episode . 
  if i was looking for actual advice on ship builds i would only have posted this on / r/stobuilds . 
  but since this is a question about what kind of silly and/or unconventional builds people have used i figured i could post this here as well . 
  oooh , this reminds me of something i used to do with a facr . 
  basically i got the doff that reverse tbr so it would pull enemies towards you and then used it to drag enemies behind me as i ejected warp plasma or meteron gas ( riker maneuver ) . 
  then to make it meaner i used ts1 in the ensign tac station and put my gravimetric photon torp in the aft so i could fire torpedo spreads at the poor fuckers . 
  first of all , remove the torps/mines and replace them with more phaser beam arrays ( mmmmmmmaybe keep one if you really want torps but no more than that ) and then get a bunch of phaser tac consoles . 
  for your tac boff abilities you want tactical team 1 , fire at will 1 and attack pattern beta 1 . 
  i also think you should get science team 1 and hazard emitters 2 for the science lt station . 
  tactor beam and jam sensors kinda suck and st1 and he2 are good for cleansing nasty stuff like science debuffs or plasma dot . 
  i 'll leave the more detailed advice to the spreadsheet people . 
  i used 4 boffs with lunge one but with an engineer captain . 
  had 12 boff slots so i had some fun bringing 4 tac , 4 sci and 4 eng boffs to some missions just for fun . 
  4 tac boffs with photon and plasma grenades + lunge + someting else was pretty hilarious vs the borg . 
  stuff died really really fast , but unfortunately , with no healers , so did we . 
  if you really want to have a tricobalt torpedo then i would recommend that you get the vaadwaur cluster torpedo from one of the dr missions . 
  it has a slightly lower rof ( iirc ) but the damage it can do is insane as it deploys 4 tricobalt mines . 
  nope , but you should n't be wasting a tac ability on t : hy anyway . 
  you want tactical team , fire at will and attack pattern beta . 
  i actually kinda did something like the jack of all trades bop when i was messing around with my makeshift a2b corvette . 
  i wanted to make use of all 6 tac abilities on the corvette so i did something like this . 
  1x dc , 1x dhc , 1x dbb and 1x torp in the front and 2x turrets and 1x mine launcher in the aft . 
  then ( iirc ) i used something like tt1 , ts1 , bo # , csv # , dpb # and apo3 . 
  if you have the phantom i assume you 've unlocked the reciprocity ship trait so is it really worth it to use a 1xa2b build ? 
  you tac and intel abilities should get their cooldowns reduced to global cd as long as you 're moving and taking fire , so is it worth it to use 3 duty officers and a engineering ability to reduce the cd of the few engineering and sci abilities you have ? 
  do you own or plan on buying any t6 ships ? 
  the traits from the phantom , scryer and dauntless are imo really nice for science builds . 
  the phantom traits reduce the cd of tac abilities a lot , the scryer trait buff your shield heals and exotic damage and the dauntless trait gives your hull heal some aoe hot . 
  hopefully we 'll get access to some decent traits in the future that does n't require a z-store/lockbox/lobi ship or an absurd amount of xp grinding . 
  edit : how much are you willing to spend in terms of ec and dil and what doffs do you have ? 
  deflector doffs can be pretty expensive but imo they 're totally worth it for the cd reduction and a blue/purple gravimetric doff ( gw version ) is almost a must have if you 're using gw . 
   i 'm planning on getting a t6 intrepid ( or pathfinder or whatever you want to call it ) on my science character and i want to try and prepare for it and end up with a good build . 
  i 'm only just getting started in making actual `` builds '' based mostly on what i find posted here , and this is my first time asking for advice . 
   this character is t5 in every rep except delta , so obtaining equipment wo n't be too difficult . 
   so , what is a good build with decent dps for this type of layout :, 
   bridge officer stations :, 
  1 lieutenant tactical, 
  1 lieutenant intelligence/engineering, 
  1 commander science, 
  1 lieutenant commander science, 
   console modifications :, 
  2 tactical, 
  3 engineering, 
  5 science, 
   what gear ( including weapon type ) should i try to get . 
  currently running with romulan deflector/engine/shields as well as the 3-piece romulan weapon set set plus the free warp core from sphere of influence . 
  any advice would be appreciated . 
  ( apologies for any formatting issues with this post , i 'm new to reddit ), 
  reformatted it a bit for him so it does n't hurt to read . 
  this looks really good but one thing i think could increase your dps quite a lot is getting some [ crtd ] x3-4 or [ crtd ] x2-3 [ pen ] beam arrays instead of the fleet beams . 
  this would cost a lot of ec but i get the feeling that should n't be a problem for you . 
  though they have said they kinda intend to rebalance the different weapon mods in the near future ( or something like that ) so if you simply wait fora while then [ dmg ] might actually become a good weapon modifier . 
  edit : getting the obelisk set ap omni-beam and warp core from that mission ( ca n't remember the name ) could also be a decent way to increase your damage . 
  apparently the +10 % ap damage from the 2p set bonus is a category 2 or 3 bonus while the +3,3 % bonuses from [ amp ] is category 1 so for ap weapons that set would ( afaik ) be better for increasing your damage . 
  yeah personally i would use both the kcb and the ancient omni-beam in the aft + the obelisk wc for the set bonuses . 
  fleet cores are nice but the [ amp ] damage bonus becomes a drop in the ocean with all the other category 1 bonuses . 
  for non-ap weapons it 's good but for ap the ancient obelisk set should be better . 
  you could ofc simply run a few parses and test it yourself . 
  when it comes to the crafted omni-beam it kinda comes down to what mods it has compared to your normal beam arrays . 
  it might be better than the [ acc ] [ dmg ] x3 beams but not a [ crtd ] x3 beam . 
  1 : not really . 
  the difference between damage types is n't big enough to justify getting 5 new spire tac consoles . 
  2 : personally i would probably replace it with another universal console or something since you 're not using phasers but it is a pretty decent ability . 
  2 again : unless you plan on crafting all the upgrade items yourself crafting and upgrading does n't really have anything to do with each other . 
  and besides , it 's better/cheaper to just buy the upgrade stuff from the exchange than crafting them . 
  4 : yeah , but it 's totally worth it . 
  5 : no idea but probably not . 
  8 : imo this is a matter of personal preference . 
  some other thoughts . 
  * once you get the tier 5 mastery trait you should only really need one copy per tactical ability so you should be able to replace one tt1 and one apo # with something else . 
  like maybe replace one apo with ionic turbulence , aoe slow + resist debuff is pretty nice . 
  * try surgical strikes 1 or 2 instead of crf for single target damage . 
  the combined damage , accuracy and crit chance bonus should be better than the damage bonus from crf . 
  * get override subsystem safeties 1 or 2 for the lt intel/science station . 
  160 weapon power is fun !, 
  here 's my advice, 
  * do n't worry too much until you reach lvl 50 . 
  think of everything before that as a sort of long tutorial . 
  * do n't spend any zen or larger quantities of dilithium on anything yet . 
  * do n't mix damage types and try to use only one energy weapon type , ie , cannons or beams . 
  this is to maximize the effect of your tactical consoles and energy weapon abilities . 
  * keep your weapon power at max all the time . 
  * use aoe weapon abilities over single target abilities . 
  * once you reach lvl 40 , get some other mirror universe ships from the exchange to see if you might prefer flying cruisers or sci vessels instead of the escort . 
  * do n't open the benthan assault cruiser box until you know you want to use it . 
  it 's worth quite a lot so you could be able to trade it for something else you might want . 
  though without the ec cap unlock you might have to use a friend or a trade channel to trade it . 
   ny change results in losing all my load-outs across all my ships ... across all my characters . 
  o ___ o,
