  that 's one of the things i meant with `` undo the shit they did to all the advanced queues '' . 
  personally i can live with the extra chance for failure if they just make the advanced queues as difficult as the old elite queues . 
  some might need some extra changes but personally i found most optional objectives in the old elite queues to be easy enough even when pugging . 
  late-game improvements for mountains and canyons . 
  tunnels and bridges that enable you to pass through/over the terrain but have a higher maintenance than roads ( that is n't removed by supremacy affinity ) . 
  then maybe stuff like a mountain observatory or a canyon `` deep core mine '' . 
  the ability to relocate cities ( maybe not the capital ) . 
  basically destroying most/all of the buildings inside it and turning it into a vehicle again , but you keep the population . 
  affinity based flora/terrain types . 
  lets say alien ( harmony ) , terran ( purity ) and artificial ( supremacy ) . 
  after reaching a certain affinity level you 'll get bonuses from the appropriate terrain type ( higher affinity lvl for harmony since alien terrain is the default type ) . 
  for example , +0,5 health from alien grasslands for harmony , +1 food from terran grasslands for purity and +1 energy from artificial grasslands for supremacy . 
  these would then slowly spread by themselves ( originating from your cities ) but could also be spread by your workers or by satellite . 
  no idea but i really doubt it would be worth it . 
  also , iirc the salvage proc has a 60s cooldown . 
  this could mean that even with a ship full of talaxians you 're limited to one salvage drop per minute . 
  ofc the cooldown could be per character but i 'm not sure i would be willing to spend the ec to find out . 
   what do you mean by this ? 
  do you mean i should just stick to all anti-proton or all-tetryon ? 
  yes , and then use 4 tactical consoles for that damage type . 
  using nothing but for example phasers and then buffing their damage with 4 consoles will result in more dps than using 4 different damage types with 1 console for each . 
  i did not know that . 
  where should i put those universal consoles ? 
  anywhere else, 
   oh wow i did not know that . 
  so instead of a torpedo i should just use another kind of weapon ? 
  what should i use ? 
  another dual heavy cannon would be my recommendation . 
   how do i do this ? 
  do i retrain ? 
  yes , visit earth space dock and speak with whatshisname over at the area opposite to the shipyard . 
  not sure if this counts , but one thing i would do is make the light cruiser a bit more agile . 
  at low level with low skills the damn thing is painfully slow to fly ( imo ) , especially compared to the kdf and romulan starting ships . 
  overall it would n't affect the game much at all but i think it could make the first 10 levels as a fed a bit more enjoyable . 
  i would also add the option to let some poor ensigns deal with the crap on `` of bajor '' while you do something fun . 
  ehm . . how should i describe this . 
  basically , dig ( d-d ) is something you do horizontally , digging into a hill/cliffside or simply around inside the dirt/rock . 
  you ca n't just dig empty space . 
  channeling is a bit more vertical , removing stuff both on the level you designated for channeling ( if there is any ) and stuff one level below . 
  this is what created the red hole on your picture . 
  try finding a slope/cliff/etc and dig into it . 
  or go down one z-level (  or ctrl-5 ) and start digging from the hole you channeled . 
  i honestly do n't really know how to explain this further maybe continue watching the tutorial until you understand what he 's doing . 
  carving/building up , down and up/down stairs is usually better than channeling for vertical movement . 
  channeling is better for stuff like creating channels/moats/pits , digging vertical shafts or ehm ... reshaping the terrain . 
  except for the special science and engineering consoles i do n't see much of a point in crafting consoles . 
  they do n't have different mods so you ca n't craft anything interesting and most people will just get better stuff from the fleet holdings . 
   or will they only show up if i get in contact with them ? 
  yup . 
  it 's also possible that the kazon carrier will be the consolation price ship in the next lockbox . 
   i think the ultrasonic fence in particular needs to be changed drastically . 
  as it is it completely removes all threat from the aliens , which is really , really strong for how early in the game you can get it . 
  personally i think it should either be turned into something more like the civ v citadel or the great wall . 
  aliens that end their turn x tiles from the city take some damage and the closer they are the more damage they take . 
  lets say 10-20 damage as standard and then 10-30 with the range upgrade . 
  or something like this , +1 movement cost within the city 's entire workable area and the range upgrade in the quest is replaced with a combat strength penalty to aliens . 
   but in a way not all of it is his thanks to the apb3s from the mesh weavers from his recluse friends . 
  i kinda wish that whoever is responsible for a debuff like apb would get the credit for any extra damage done by other players . 
  first of all , either go with a full broadside build ( beam arrays in both fore and aft ) or a `` front heavy '' build ( turrets/omni-beams in the aft , cannons/dbbs in the front ) . 
  you want to be able to use as many weapons as possible at the same time against a target . 
  for cruisers this is usually done by using beam arrays and keeping the target in the 70 degree overlap between the fore and aft weapons firing-arcs . 
  i would also get rid of one or both of the torps since energy weapons are simply better . 
  i would also recommend you to get the ap omni-beam from the ... whatsitsname episode and maybe the warp core from the same episode for the set bonus . 
  when it comes to boff abilities , my recommendation would be 2x tt1 , 2x faw2 and 1x apb2 in the tactical and universal stations . 
  since the list of hangars that are getting fixed/nerfed included 2 breen hangars it 's basically like 99 % confirmed we 'll get the breen carrier . 
  the kazon ships will probably be the consolation prices in the next lockboxes , like the kazon raider . 
  did n't participate in enough of the mandatory daily structure grinds ? 
  if fa had used pap when i was a member i 'm pretty sure my entire corp would have been kicked . 
  personally i prefer using the manager for stuff like this . 
  imo it 's much easier to just go u -  m -  q -  `` ir anv '' ( no need to write the items full name ) -  `` desired amount '' ( up to 30 ) and then wait than to go to the workshop and find the desired item in the menu . 
  when i get home i think i 'm gon na read through the `` lore '' about the wonders and see if i can come up with some fitting ideas for how to buff them . 
  like the daedalus ladder . 
  the gamepedia description says `` a transhumanist device that significantly lengthens the body 's lifespan while lessening dependence on food . '', 
  to me that should be more like an `` x % decrease in food usage and `` unhealth '' from population '' instead of +2 food and +3 health ( that cost 2 geothermal ) . 
  somewhat relevant , is there a form of map legend for different graphic packs somewhere ? 
  i kinda get the feeling that op is n't quite that rich ( do n't zemoks cost like 50 mil ? ), 
  and i 'm not sure i would recommend him to get anything too expensive when he 's still making builds like that . 
  first of all i would recommend against buying the bundle . 
  the ships are extremely similar and ( imo ) the consoles are n't really worth it ( you ca n't even use the chevron separation and the aquarius escort at the same time ) . 
  the ships themselves are pretty solid and the lt com universal station makes them pretty versatile but they are kinda big and slow and except for the tactical version they only have 2 tactical consoles . 
  personally i would recommend the assault cruiser refit , the avenger battle crusier or the eclipse . 
  also , you do n't have to use a science vessel with your sci captain or a cruiser with your engineer . 
  a tactical captain in a cruiser can wreak havoc when combining the tac captain abilities with fire at will and an engineer can keep an escort alive through almost anything . 
  basically defensive ships that sacrificed speed , range and blue-water capabilities in exchange for heavier armor and firepower compared to other ships their size . 
  well the [ sarr theln warship ] ( http://sto.gamepedia.com/sarr_theln_warship ) is the only normal breen ship left ( unless cryptic gives us a dreadnought or a fighter ) so it has been kinda obvious that we would get it this winter event . 
  afaik , the proc chance does stack but not like that . 
  basically each proc has a 2,5 % chance but you can get multiple plasma procs with one attack . 
  also , i 'm pretty sure that only non-plasma weapon get the proc bonus . 
   how do you use them ? 
  the same way as the other boost except it boosts the % chance of increasing the items rarity rather than providing more technology points . 
  when upgrading items there 's a small chance that it will go up in rarity ( eg , from vr to ur ) , gaining an additional modifier like for example [ crth ] . 
  the highest rarity is epic/gold which ( iirc ) always gives the same special modifier . 
   can research can be done to fleet weapons to get a additional proc ? 
  yes, 
  metrics = measurements/stats/etc , in this case for how many players were doing stuff . 
  i have no problems mixing the manager with workflow except that the orders from the manager might sometimes delay/slow my workflow-controlled production . 
  just a question , have you bought the ec limit unlock ? 
  cause if not , you can only have up to 10 million ec per character . 
  the first one i thought of was in [ kill la kill ] ( / s `` at the end of episode 20 when they started playing the ultra-hype-music and satsuki appeared wearing senketsu . 
  though i have to admit that the music was probably like the main reason i loved that scene so much . '' ),
