  well unfortunately they do n't really have that many ships to choose between . 
  except for the light cruisers there 's only one ship per class . 
  and ofc some escorts . 
  except for the light cruiser that only have pulsars and torpedoes i kinda like all of their ships so far though i generally prefer shuriken ships since they dish out some decent damage and do n't require too much micromanagement . 
  pulsars , the eldars equivalent of lances is an ability rather than an automated weapon and fire huge high damage beams in front of the ship . 
  very powerful when pulled off succesfully but require even more micromanagement which is a problem because the eldar ships basically have to be micromanaged all the time . 
  their fighters and bombers are better than the other factions but the light cruiser and battle cruiser only get one hangar each so except for their battleship that has 4 hangars i would say that chaos is still the king of ordnance . 
  their escorts are pretty nice but the amount of micromanagement involved makes it pretty much impossible to spam them like you can as the empire or the orks . 
  i guess but i 'm not sure if it 's worth it . 
  sure they can have a lot of ordnance bays and a whole whooping 6 bays on the bb but then they give up most of their dakka which is their main strength . 
  i also think that chaos is better suited for using their ordnances with their focus on long range combat with fast ships . 
  when the orbital bombardment timer reaches 0 , a yellow circle will appear somewhere on the map . 
  the attackers then have to fly one of their ships into that circle to activate an orbital bombardment . 
  the attackers can win by doing 3 orbital bombardments or defeating the defending fleet while ( afaik ) the defenders simply win by defeating the attacking fleet . 
  can i give you some advice . 
  put your ships into control groups ( ctrl + 1 etc etc ) so you can select the ship you want faster . 
  it was a bit frustrating when you were trying to find a ship that had n't launched its bombers yet . 
  1 : destroying their engines/sails should reduce the effeciency of their holofields a little bit . 
  like just a few % per sail . 
  2 : increase the cooldown of the pulsars to maybe 45 seconds like the torpedoes . 
  i like how much damage they do but they are a bit too good atm . 
  3 : remove or rework the assassination and data theft missions . 
  they were unbalanced even before the eldars because of chaos but now it 's just silly . 
  ** edit : 4 : ** give the pulsars some damage drop off at long range ( i know it 's probably against the lore but balance is imo more important ) so that if an eldar player want their pulsars to do as much damage as possible they need to get closer , like 3k units . 
  would make strafing runs with pulsar ships a bit more interesting and would add a bit to the whole risk vs reward aspect of the eldar . 
   meh , they go down like a sack of shite with 1 crit on the generator . 
  belt armour is a must for eldar ... 
  yeah but that would require the enemy to get pretty lucky . 
  i 've been playing eldar a lot recently and the engines tend to get destroyed way more often than my generators , probably because each ship has several so there 's a higher chance one of them will be critted . 
   that 's the point , they have only prow weapons , high burst low uptime . 
  well yeah , but they 're still a bit too powerful imo . 
  the ingame tooltips for weapon batteries can be a bit misleading sometimes . 
  for example the dauntless light cruisers macro batteries says something like 6 damage every 9 seconds but it has 6 guns so that 's 36 damage every 9 seconds = 4 dps . 
  so take a look at the actual models of the weapons sometime to see how many guns there are . 
  yeah they probably went a bit too far but it was mostly in the right direction . 
  i prefer them being a bit underpowered than really overpowered . 
  on the other hand the pulsars are still pretty damn op and still need a nerf ( like increased cooldown and damage drop off at long range ) so the eldar are from my experience yesterday still a threat , at least early on when you 're kinda stuck with light cruisers and they have their auroras . 
  hopefully the next balance patch will include a small holofield buff and some pulsar nerf . 
  afaik it affects almost anything with a cooldown , torpedoes , ordnance bays , special orders etc etc. 
  this reminds of something that happened a week or so . 
  i was playing as the eldar vs some chaos player and one of my ships had ended up really close to a chaos ship after an attack run so i used the 180 flip ability to get away . 
  because we were so close my ship kinda glitched into his ship , sending his ship flying away spinning rapidly . 
  the stats do n't look that strange to me . 
  the armor looks pretty extreme but sm strike cruisers are supposed to have 75 ( or well +6 ) armor all around . 
  the turret in the first picture should be the strike cruisers [ bombardment cannon ] ( http://wh40k.lexicanum.com/wiki/bombardment_cannon ) which is used to bombard the shit out of stuff on planets and is supposed to be really poweful , but with that rof it only does 3 dps so it 's not that powerful , i mean the two turrets on the dauntless does 2 dps each iirc . 
  on the other hand this thing has the normal 6 dps macro batteries instead of the 4 dps light macro battery on the dauntless and 2 ordnance bays on top of that . 
  i wonder how many points they will cost cause this is gon na be a pretty nasty ship . 
  boarding action is usually better though at least for light cruisers lightning strikes can be much better if you get the +1 assault action upgrade . 
  also , the target gains a bonus of 1 crew value for each turret against boarding pods so against a larger ship that already have a high crew value ( like a chaos ship with the nurgle favor ) , lightning strike might be better simply because your boarding pods would end up with a very low success chance . 
  one thing people seem to have forgotten is that the defense turrets on ships give a bonus of 1 troop value per turret against the boarding pods so a ship that already have a very high troop value could end up extremely resistant to boarding pods . 
  my guess is that the dominator should stay at range ( and have the range upgrade ) since the nova cannon has a minimum range of 6k . 
  that way it can occasionally turn around and fire the nc at the enemies and then continue using the macro cannons . 
  and while the tyrant has one 12k battery the other battery is a 6k battery and it has torpedoes so it 's actually pretty damn good at mid/short range combat . 
  it almost has the same macro firepower as the dominator ( 11 vs 12 dps per side ) and instead of the nova cannon it has a torpedo launcher and a ram . 
  i 've started using the instant combustion gauge refill skill a lot recently and it is really useful for catching up with kiting chaos players . 
  their ships might be faster but when you can speedboost for twice as long you should n't have too many problems getting close . 
  upgrading the range of your macro cannons should also help a lot . 
  my guess is that it means 25 % chance for the shield to take no damage from an attack . 
  in practice this should make the shield about 33 % more durable ( 1/0 ,75 ) so except for the battleships with 400 shields the +100 shield upgrade would be better . 
  on the other hand you can have both so if you really want you could get some really durable shields . 
  nurgle is pretty neat on the slaughter and carnage cruisers since they 're actually pretty good at short range and do n't underestimate those 3 extra armor ignoring dps . 
  you 're missing out , the slaughter has the same speed as the light cruisers and bring some serious med/short range firepower . 
  personally i think criticals should come in three different variants . 
  * destroyed . 
  permanently disables the system . 
  * damaged . 
  permanently reduces the effeciency of the system . 
  eg , a damaged generator would result in -50 % shield hp and regen and some penalties ( like shorter duration and/or longer cd ) for generator related skills , a damaged bridge would reduce the duration and increase the cd of the special orders and related abilities . 
  * disabled . 
  temporarily ( like 3 ish minutes ) disables the system completely . 
  lets say some small but critical component was destroyed up but most of the system is still intact so it 's possible to fix it . 
  maybe the techpriest/mek boy/etc crew skill could also get a bonus for repairing disabled systems , like - x seconds per skillpoint . 
  well maybe destroyed and disabled could be enough . 
   i also would n't mind seeing the sword-class recieve her proper broadside lance batteries , since they 're already modeled in-game, 
  i 'm not sure what they are but i do n't think those are broadside batteries . 
  could be the defense turrets even though it 's only supposed to have 6 according to the ingame stats . 
  afaik even in the tabletop game all it had were some turrets . 
  maybe they were simply using their defense turrets as offensive weapons in the novel . 
  also , you can find the tt stats [ here ] ( https://drive.google.com/folderview?id=0b-axa8fc5aq8fmpvuetsb1ixcdm5m2pbzjvgcfm5mtlwejvqvkt4vxzzx3e1ywq0oer5vnc&amp;usp=sharing#list ), 
  the sword class is on page 93 in the bfg rulebook . 
  yeah the turrets are apparently supposed to have some form of laser weapons but they 're also refered to as simply `` weapon battery '' instead of `` lance battery '' like the lance on the firestorm frigate . 
  i assume that the devs simply went with weapon battery = macro cannons . 
  afaik the missile turrets are still basically macro weapons ( with some aesthetic and stat differences ) . 
  for example they benefit from the macro weapon range upgrades . 
  imo chaos should get some unique ordnance upgrade like increased speed or range . 
  maybe remove the macro ap upgrade since a short range macro upgrade does n't really fit that well with chaos . 
  i agree that some chaos ships really benefit from the ap upgrade but if i had to remove one to add a new ordnance upgrade it would probably be the ap upgrade since chaos is mostly about long range weapons and ordnance bays . 
  a survivability upgrade would be useful but we have the squadron sergant crew skill for that and eldar fighters and bombers have +30 % dodge as one of their unique bonuses . 
  [ here is a pretty good post over at tia about it ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/tumblrinaction/comments/4gtg7o/becoming_disabled_by_choice_not_chance_transabled/d2kxd9a ), 
  so it 's more like a mental illness caused by a neurological problem rather than something they 're making up for whatever reason . 
   could 've, 
  could ' f, 
  greeting admirals ,, 
  battlefleet gothic : armada released one week ago , and its success was beyond our most optimistic expectations . 
  we planned an original development budget based on expected revenues , but these revenues have been largely overtaken . 
  because of this , we 've been working with our publisher focus home interactive to plan several major additions to our game , to offer you the best possible experience as well as exceptional content . 
  this new content will require a future development plan that will keep the tindalos teams busy for all of 2016 . 
  many of you voted to let us know which faction you would like to see in battlefleet gothic : armada in the future . 
  the tau fleet received the largest number of votes . 
  we 're therefore happy to announce that the tau fleet will be the second faction dlc offered to all early adopters ( players who pre-ordered or purchased the game up to 2 months after release ) .
