  anti tank rifles become pretty worthless once the germans start producing real tanks . 
  they should get an ability that would take out/damage a random part of the enemy vehicle , main gun/engine/tracks / etc at the cost of 20 ish ammo . 
  at grenades also need some buff , or a significant cost decrease . 
  i once accidentally threw 8 at grenades at a flakpanzer and it only lost about 75 % health and got immobilized . 
  also , this might be outdated information , but according to a post on the beta forums where someone had found all vehicle stats , the t-34 / 85 and is-2 have the same armor penetration stat as the stug iii . 
  if this is still true , then they both need a buff in armor penetration , epsecially the is-2 . 
  another thing i do n't like is the lack of defensive buildings for the russians . 
  they should get a trench or something ( not as op as the brits trench ) where they could at least take cover from the lategame artillery . 
  the germans at least get the bunker , even if it 's pretty bad atm . 
  scout rifle stats for comparison with the brs . 
   should they be grouped as a single category named rifles ? 
  i think so . 
  even made a thread about it a month ago . 
  they basically fill the same niche of accurate medium range weapons . 
  main difference is that the brs are `` long '' range weapons for has and engineers and the scout rifles are `` short '' range weapons for infiltrators . 
  i personally think they should be combined into one category just so that has and engines would get access to the scout rifles and infiltrators access to the brs . 
  more loadout options is almost never a bad idea . 
  like specialists or the great improvements ? 
  well both uus come fairly late so you 'll have a lot of time to be friendly , get great people and have a really nice empire by the time you 're gon na conquer the world with caroleans . 
   perhaps just remove the double unhappiness from number of cities . 
  this would probably be the best imo . 
  maybe give them some other ua bonus as well , some civs do seem to have several . 
  i personally love the ua because i like going tall and my cities will grow much faster in the early game and then later on i will have a lot more extra happiness giving me a lot of golden ages . 
   active point defenses . 
  this is a nice idea , but maybe it could have a larger radius but less charges/longer recharge . 
   infantry style shields for all mbts, 
  far too similar to the vanguards ability . 
  hp/resistance increase would be better . 
   proper optics, 
  i agree about the built in rangefinders but not that nv and other optics should come as a default . 
  one thing they could do is increase the zoom of the existing zoom optics . 
  1.25 x zoom for 1 cert is better than nothing but does n't really do much . 
  what if we got 2x for the first level and 8x for the last ? 
   coaxial machine guns with matched trajectories and tracers . 
  coaxial mgs would be very very nice ( should probably be default ) but i do n't think they should be used as aiming devices . 
  with built in rangefinders , the hud and some skill , you should n't need any additional help with aiming . 
   change how damage is calculated, 
  this is a good idea , but it could possibly result in more lagg as the game has to calculate the angle of impact and how much damage every hit then would do . 
   `` heat camo '', 
  this would be pretty nice , especially vs aircrafts relying on nv and thermal all the time . 
   tank active camo, 
  i suggested something similar once , but imo , this would work better as a new magrider ability . 
  it should also be less powerful . 
  let 's say it takes 3-5 seconds to cloak , and during this the magrider would be immobilized and unable to fire , this would then remain during the cloak and 3-5 seconds after decloaking . 
  when decloaking you should also appear on the minimap for nearby enemies . 
  that way the victims would at least have some time to react before taking an at round to the rear . 
   add ir smoke as a standard feature of all tanks, 
  yes please . 
  same thing with flares for aircrafts . 
  can barely go anywhere in a vehicle these days without countermeasures . 
   add a coax gun to all tank secondaries, 
  the main gun getting a coaxial mg would be enough imo . 
  maybe buff the ai capabilites of the default 20mm mg a little bit instead . 
   vastly increase hp , introduce mobility and turret kills, 
  i agree somewhat . 
  a hp increase would be very nice and would really help tanks absorb the rockets from all those pesky has hiding behind all the rocks , trees and other indestructible objects . 
  mobility and firepower kills would be a nice addition to the game , but should rather be the result of hitting the tracks/hoverthingies and guns on the tanks rather than just damaging the tank itself . 
  this would make fighting tanks more skillbased since you would need decent aim ( or luck ) to score a mobility/firepower kill . 
  could be done by giving the tracks/wheels/stuff and guns separate hp or simply add a % chance of them being damaged and/or destroyed when hit . 
  higher damage resulting in a higher chance . 
  this would make at mines pretty intresting since they would probably have a very high chance of causing a mobility kill . 
   add crewed guns with stabilized turrets, 
  crewed guns are already coming but the benefit will be increased firepower . 
  imo , all tanks should have stabilizers . 
  the magrider could get some other buff since gun stability is currenty one of its benefits but i think us vs can live with that . 
  and about tanks requiring just 1 person . 
  i think it 's too late for that . 
  a lot of solo players have spent certs and sc on their tanks and would not enjoy suddenly needing a second person to operate their investment . 
   but slowest, 
  magrider is actually slower than the vanguard . 
  i guess it makes up for it with its offroad capabilites but it still does have 5 km/h lower max speed . 
  one thing i think will help is when the account wide unlocks will include faction specific items . 
  ( as mentioned [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/planetside/comments/1apgor/account_wide_unlock_faq/c8zn0f7 ) ) ie , if you bought the lasher , you 'll get the jackhammer on your nc chars and chaingun on your tr chars . 
  add some additional bonuses for playing as the underdog and hopefully more people would be willing to make the switch as they would keep all their weapons and get stuff like more xp . 
   tanks are n't in need of a firepower buff, 
  wether they need it or not , it 's coming . 
  they 've talked about it for a long time and we 've even seen some pictures , the quad cannon prowler for example . 
   where would lightnings fit in this pyramid now ? 
  same place it currently does , at the bottom of everything . 
  damn thing needs a buff and a role change . 
  i think they should make it look more like the [ ps1 lightning ] ( http://www.planetside-universe.com/media/main/wallpapers/wall_official/official_wall_lightning_1600x1200.jpg ) ( but with a turret ) and make it better offroad . 
  the current one is just a flat pice of metal that will get stuck almost anywhere . 
  it should be a monster in rough terrain , with the best hillclimbing , accelration and turn speed . 
  then give it better stabilizators than the mbts so that it 's better on the move than they are . 
  enable it to go places mbts ca n't , both by its own mobility , and maybe by in the future enable galaxies to transsport it and other light vehicles while mbts and sundies would have to take the road . 
  i thought that 's what i said . 
  probably the vo'quv . 
  it 's like a bigger , slower deep space science vessel that can launch up to 4 birds of prey . 
  in ps1 `` mbt '' actually stood for medium battle tank . 
  they 're even still called that in several pages of the planetside and planetside universe wikis . 
  but these seem to be the ships and not the hangar pets . 
  well currently there 's like no reason to get a to'duj . 
  there 's only two missions ( afaik ) and the vault shuttle thingy where you actually use small crafts . 
  besides , dcs and dhcs are kinda crap in dogfighting because it 's almost impossible to track another smallcraft properly . 
  only real use i found for my peregrine was when i was leveling up an alt . 
  a peregrine with 2x dhcs can destroy anything you encounter during your first 10 levels with ease . 
  i guess the do'duj could be useful in the same way once kdf starts at lvl 1 as well . 
  not really aa related but i wish they woud make the esfs more like fighters and introduce a new helicopter gunship style aircraft . 
  like a increase in speed and rof and a decrease in health for the esfs . 
  making them better dogfighters and hopefully `` strafe runners '' but much more easily killed when they 're not moving fast enough .
