  while it 's probably not as effective vs infantry as other artillery abilities , it 's probably one of the best vs vehicles , and a lucky hit can take out several squads . 
  * mortar halftracks are awesome both for defense and offense . 
  while they are pretty much just very mobile mortars , this mobility makes them much better at keeping up with attacking forces , or retreating from enemies or counter artillery . 
  the incendiary ability is also very useful vs soviet weapon teams . 
  * the smokebombs can be useful for any situation that could need some smoke , like a full frontal assault or an organized retreat . 
  * i 've never used the relife infantry ability , but i guess it could be useful if you know your infantry is fucked and you 'd be willing to trade munition for new troops . 
  * the howitzer can be pretty useful since it would give you powerful artillery bombardment capabilites without a munition cost . 
  and with the counter barrage vet ability it can be pretty useful as an automatic defense against stalin organs and 120mm mortars ( though you should probably do that manually ) . 
  * sector artillery is one of my favorite abilities since it will bombard the entire sector and not just a small circle . 
  many enemy offensives have been stopped as the vp area is showered with artillery shells . 
  * ambush camouflage can be a very nice upgrade , especially for 30 minution . 
  a hidden squad of pz grens with schrecks or a gren squad with an mg42 ( and 2x g43s ) can be a nasty surprise for an attacking force . 
  * the g43s are pretty nice for grens since it allows you to make them even better vs infantry . 
  and if you can succesfully interrogate an enemy you will apparently ( never done it ) get to know the position of all enemy troops for a few seconds . 
  * tatical movement is nice when you need to move your infantry very quickly , like in an assault or an organized retreat . 
  * light artillery barrage is pretty useful vs light enemies , like armored cars , infantry and weapon teams . 
  artillery is pretty much always nice to have . 
  * stuka cas , can be very effective vs lightly armored vehicles and infantry , and since it lasts so long it can be very useful for area denial . 
  i wish the scout car would give less protection to the troops inside . 
  hmgs and rifles should be fairly effective at penetrating the armor and hitting the passengers . 
   chief complaints centered around the complete lack of overhead protection from airbursting artillery shells and that ** the armor was inadequate against machine gun fire . 
  this should be an option in the video settings . 
  that 's what happens when you let your engines rust . 
   another issue is that ezri just did n't have the time to develop, 
  this is one of the things that really bothered me . 
  i really liked ezri but we only got 1 season of her , not even any movies . 
  i think it would have been much better if they had planned ahead and introduced her at least one season earlier , but just as ezri tigan . 
  she would have had more time to develop and we would have been able to see her change from ezri tigan to ezri dax , instead of her just appearing out of nowhere going `` it 's me , dax '' . 
  if the lists found [ here ] ( http://coh-moderncombat.com/coh2stats/ ) are any reliable i think we can expect some more units , though probably doctrinal . 
  * kv-1 ( it 's in the beta campaign mission , pretty likely as a doctrinal unit ), 
  * some other stug iii ( there are two stug iiis in the vehicle list , e and g , could just be an sp variant ), 
  * 45mm at gun 53-k ( maybe just an sp unit , but i could imagine these as cheaper at gun with higher rof and maybe faster turn rate ), 
  * hmg dshk38 . 
  50 cal mg , seems pretty likely as a doctrinal unit . 
  would probably be effective vs light vehicles . 
  not sure if this would be in mp , but if it is it would probably be like a more expensive 155mm howitzer , requiring a higher level as well . 
  other units i suspect/hope will be in the game . 
  * kv-2 ( ca n't have 1 and 8 and not have the 2 as well ), 
  higher cost , lower rof , more damage , range and penetration . 
  same relationship to the su-85 as the two t-34 variants . 
  * fresh conscripts ( also in the campaign mission ) . 
  would be fun if you could call in like 5 + squads of them at a time for a fairly low cost , but they 're like the worst infantry in the game . 
  * knight 's cross holders . 
  doctrinal german infantry squad for maybe 540 manpower . 
  should slaughter russians left and right until they get wiped out by a lucky 120mm mortar shell . 
  kinda like a pz gren squad that drop in with parachutes . 
  should be able to stealth like snipers or camo upgraded infantry . 
  * flakvierling 38 20mm aa gun also feels kinda likely . 
  i suspect that the 88mm flak has been replaced by the pak 43 ( for mp ) but the quad flak 38 is still possible . 
  * maybe some amphibious units , like the schwimmwagen . 
  could be intresting on maps like pripyat . 
  edit : more hopes, 
  faster and cheaper than the panzer iv . 
  was apparently used a lot on the east front so it would make sense . 
  could fill the gap between the germans light armor ( scout car ) and `` medium '' armor ( pz4 etc ) . 
  * at halftrack . 
  pretty much the one the pes had in coh : of . 
  ( imo , the germans need doctrinal lighter vehicles kinda like the soviets have doctrinal heavier vehicles , like the t-34 / 85 , kv-8 and is-2 ), 
  * [ flak 38 ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/53/bundesarchiv_bild_101i-301-1953-24%2c_seine-et-oise%2c_soldaten_mit_flak-gesch%c3%bctz.jpg ) as a doctrinal german `` hmg '' . 
  i 'm pretty sure i 've actually seen these on screenshots so they will probably at least be in sp . 
  kinda like a german equivalent to the 120mm mortar , or a slower more vulnerable panzerwerfer . 
  huh . 
  i just assumed the doffs were sacrificed to please the gods so that they would bless our projects rather than curse them . 
   what is redeeming about her ? 
  she 's fucking adorable . 
  i still think there should be some mechanic for getting people out of the spawnrooms . 
  let 's say that in the beginning of the war , tr had commissars in all their spawnrooms to execute cowards . 
  this turned out to be pretty ineffecient since the soldiers respawned and and did n't really fear death , as well as it was a waste of officers . 
  so instead they started modifying the pain fields . 
  soon enough they had managed to make the pain fields target cowards who hid behind the shields too long . 
  in some weird `` accident '' caused by ns , all spawnrooms ended up with this `` upgrade '' . 
  vs and nc techs tried to fix it but ultimately failed , officially because they could n't , inofficially because both the vs and nc high commands liked the fact that their soldiers no longer hid in the spawns . 
  so as a result , no one can stay in a spawnroom for too long or nanites will start eating their flesh . 
  yes !, 
  nv optics here i come !, 
  i do n't care about the nerfs the nv got !, 
  i will be able to see in darkness !, 
  and tank traps . 
  engineers should be able to build ( a limited amount ) tank traps that cost infantry or vehicle resources . 
  they should have a lot of hp for their cost , making them annoying to blow up with normal firepower , but engineers should be able to remove them with the repair tool ( even the guy who placed them and friendly engineers , so no repairing them ) . 
  removing enemy tank traps should give some xp , but not friendly . 
  possibly , tank traps removed by friendly engineers should result in a small ( 50 % ) refund of the resources to the player who built them ( the repair tool recycles it and magically sends the resources to the resource pool ) . 
  this could be pretty interesting in base defenses if the attackers would have to send in combat engineers to clear a path through a bunch of mines and tank traps before the tanks and sunderers could move in . 
  maybe an obstacle clearing plow cert for the sunderer so it can be used to smash through the obstacles . 
  this is what i suspect as well . 
  possibly , we could get a really weak version of it from the scimitars console , but the 3 piece set bonus makes it much more powerful . 
   which are a far more efficient use of munitions . 
  a well placed artillery ability can win a fight and sometimes even a game . 
  sector artillery can completely break an enemy offensive by pretty much forcing their infantry to retreat back to hq and their vehicles to withdraw . 
  pretty much every enemy unit in the entire sector will be bombarded . 
  railway artillery is also very useful but better used offensively . 
  scout the enemies with something and call in the barrage to force their weapon teams to move or die . 
  then attack as a lot of their at guns , mgs and mortars are either falling back or getting blown up . 
   the pak43 is god awful , and gets de-crewed instantly by mortars . 
  if it 's in range of enemy mortars , sure , but i 'm pretty sure it has longer range than the mortars and should be kept behind the rest of your troops . 
   mortar halftracks are usually worse than a normal mortar squad as it uses up valuable fuel . 
  i 've found mortar halftracks to be one of the best units in the game . 
  sure it costs fuel , but i think it 's much better than the mortar team and totally worth the cost . 
  it 's faster , more durable , can be repaired for free by pioneers while mortar squads must be reinforced and/or healed , the latter usually costing munition . 
  it can also keep up with your tanks giving you mobile mortar support to take out soviet at guns .
