  then we decided to go on some more populated servers just to get some action . 
  and then it kinda escalated from there and dayz became dm_elektro and awp_elektro . 
  for us the return was the same as in games like battlefield , counter strike and most other fps shooters . 
  it came from being better than the guys we killed . 
  outmanouvering and outshooting other players that have similar or better gear is a reward in itself . 
  you should try the extended eras mod , it slows down science and time to marathon but everything else is standard . 
  that way you can do a lot more each era and the game lasts very long . 
  they should replace the huey with the mi-17 civlian and add the an-2 . 
  maybe give the mi-17 a shoter respawntime than the huey to compensate for the lack of guns . 
  a picture of a scandinavian . 
  correction , there are 37 ghilliesuit guys in this picture . 
  op is simply only avare of 4 . 
  or you could simply not be a capital pilot since flying smaller ships is usually more fun and more cost effecient . 
  if you have friends you could probably be a contributing member of any gang in under a day with just some basic skills . 
  just enough for you to fly a frigate close to a target and warp scramble him so he wont run away as your friends turn him into molten slag . 
  you 'll probably die but you 'll be flying ships worth less than pocket change for an average player . 
  later on you can move on to bigger ships and actually do damage but until then you can just do gang pvp in cheap crap . 
  one player per ship . 
  one of the biggest advantages of big ships is that you get more `` ship '' out of each player but it 's usually less cost efficient . 
  because eve only has one giant server ( made out of several clusters ) so there 's a lot going on in it . 
  but it 's usually 15-20 minutes downtime nowdays . 
  dr breen was the administrator of black mesa during half life 1 , so yes , he was a fully grown man . 
  then just add a flare gun that works like an m203 with flares . 
  as long as i can turn night into day without having to carry an entire assault rifle for it . 
  if only they would fix the bug ( last i checked they had n't ) were you lose all your shield upgrades if you fail a wave or temporarily change class . 
  i kept switching from normal to easy every time there was a large number of hecus . 
  they really do way too much damage while being hard to kill . 
  that 's only half true . 
  it 's canon until valve says otherwise . 
  so far they havent but they can if they want to . 
  from the same wiki page . 
   therefore , the general consensus will consider the gearbox expansions canon ( even though still ambiguous ) unless valve chooses to specifically contradict some of all the events depicted , in which case valve has the hypothetical ` right of way ' ( much like george lucas and the star wars ' expanded universe ) , the story being still written as of today ( 2010 ) and retcons having been made since the first game 's release . 
  e \u00e4 e \u00e5 . \u00c5 i \u00e5a \u00e4 e \u00f6 . 
  that would be the [ deliverer ] ( http://planetside.station.sony.com/howto/vehicles.vm ) from planetside 1 . 
  1 driver ,2 gunners and 2 passengers . 
  was avaliable as both a universal version and team specific versions . 
  i hope they 'll add it , plus the buggies and the lodestar vehicle transport . 
  i 'd love to join . 
  now the question is , which faction . 
  indeed , it has to be something with test . 
  now lets just hope my feelings for test alliance in eve wont carry over to planetside . 
  and suddenly there 's two invaders in the cockpit . 
  i think this might just be why we do n't have the lodestar in ps2 . 
  username : davidshky, 
  see you there . 
  you do n't happen to be a fellow culture series fan do you ? 
  i 'm davidshky and i will probably spend lots of my time as an engineer/tanker or infiltator thoguh i usually play whatever role suits the situation . 
  what i 'd like to see is some mumble or teamspeak channel to make communications easier . 
  i know there 's an ingame voip but for some reason everyone sounds like [ hecu marines ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xlwuhoeyhlc ) from half life to me . 
  i would say the vs at least has high accuracy since they dont have any bullet drop . 
  iirc the tr top half might be larger than the vs and nc corners but it does n't really contain more resources . 
  if you look at [ this ] ( http://img827.imageshack.us/img827/2928/qiuhl.png ) map you 'll see that tr have quite a few areas that are pretty large so they have less bases per area than vs and nc . 
  sadly i think a standard bolter round is only .75 cal and a heavy bolter round 1.00 cal . 
  still really big but not coke can big . 
  i guess that 's true . 
  so lets say very high accuracy for firing one shot or short bursts but medium-low for full auto ? 
  concidering the umpteen million times i 've been ohk by an nc sniper it apparently is . 
  i had a different tactic . 
  after failing my first attempt i deided to bunker up near the end . 
  after taking out the first few striders i drove back to the base and stayed at the last teleporter where i made a huge pile of magnuson devices . 
  then when the striders came i would launch magnusons at them , even though it doesnt work the same way as with striders they are pretty heavy and i had an infinite amount of them so i just hadd to pam them into the hunters faces until they dropped and then take care of the striders . 
  then ofc the two rebels with rocket launchers at the gate are quite competent at killing hunters . 
  nope . 
  i tried it at a friend but i did n't find it fun enough to buy , not to mention pay a subscription for . 
  while i love the lodestar and will miss it , the idea of a vehicle transport with 4 gunners is pleases me greatly . 
  just as long as it can carry tanks and other large vehicles . 
  if not , i want the lodestar back . 
  it 's not really something i wonder how it works but i would love a training area like the one in ps1 were we can practice with all the vehicles and weapons for no cost and no spawn timers . 
  maybe then i could learn to hit thing with the scythe and not crash , snipe moving targets at long range and just generally try things out . 
  maybe be able to try things out in the training area before we buy them so we know if it 's worth it . 
   i 'd like to see the galaxy able to carry vehicles as a cert , likely ** sacrificing it 's troop carrying ** ability . 
  as op said , it should be a trade of infantry transport for vehicle transport . 
  i do n't think c4 should really be used in combat like that . 
  what i would like to see is a damage buff and aoe nerf so we can blow up things like aa guns and other turrets with just one c4 . 
  maybe they could give us two different kinds of bombs . 
  one large aoe anti-infantry bomb for ambushes and douchebaggery and one high damage bomb for sabotaging turrets and generators and possibly taking out vehicles if you can get close . 
  ahh yes , i 've noticed and read about that . 
  just had n't heard the term cof before . 
  fire in space stations . 
  yes , but repair drones work as well . 
  if i 'm playing a tiny/small 22 player game i like the honor tree to get my first citadel in order to survive the first horrible eras . 
  there should be no `` better '' weapon . 
  it should just be different weapons . 
  i think infiltrators have claymores . 
  i thought proximity mines = claymores . 
  i think they should make the liberators default weapon ... 
  bombs !, 
  normal boring `` explode on impact '' bombs that fall straight down . 
  should be more powerful than the current cannon but will be harder to use since the pilot will need to fly straight over the target and the gunner must time it more carefully . 
  but why ca n't we have both ? 
  add bombs as another unlockable weapon . 
  then we 'll all be satisfied . 
  and where exactly is peru, 
   the vehicle i most want to see is something with deployable artillery . 
  i want an arc on it so i can fire it from a ridge far away and have it rain down on a base . 
  yes please . 
  something with the durability of a lightning but much lower speed . 
  different weapons , like a rapid fire cannon similar to the liberators default cannon , a big low rof gun with a fairly big aoe and then some sort of rocket barrage weapon , stalin organ style . 
  then maybe they could add some sort of big force fields over some of the larger bases that has to be destroyed by other ground forces before artillery and liberators could blow shit up . 
  i 'm pretty sure they did n't concidering all the flash related deaths i 've seen the last two days .
