  wachregiment, 
  support :, 
  vehicle :, 
  mztm mt-lb, 
  dhs mi-24p ( air-defense variant ), 
  planes :, 
  ashm wrote :, 
  redfor :, 
  redut, 
  moba, 
  and the japanese hayate ( armed humvee ) . 
  mot schutzen 90 and lstr-40 weapon loadouts . 
  they only list new units , not changed units . 
  and the community has become a shitstorm . 
  also , death to all penguins !, 
  i would replace the m67 with hudou-ren in a mhv since they have the same recoilless rifle ( except they ca n't use it against infantry ) and can hold their own in a firefight and move 10 km/h faster . 
  since you should now have some decent infantry in a fast transport i would either put the sochon-su in a kafv 25 or 40/50 or replace them with the japanese rifle infantry in a hachi-kyu shiki . 
  i still think you should get rid of one of the 55pt tanks , especially now since you ca n't use the 60th activation point if you do n't get rid of something . 
  i would also recommend using a cv with some armor ( 1 armor is enough ) like the hachi-nee simply because it can make a huge difference vs he artillery . 
  the need of the many outweigh the need of the few . 
  delta force will get the mp5sd , mountaineers will become cavalry scouts and japan will get a hmv with a mg . 
  if you really want to play as canada i would totally recommend making a motorized deck . 
  cavalry scout = changed mountaineers = not really a new unit . 
   british harrier gr .7 loadout changed from 2x agm-65e to 4x gbu-12 paveway ii, 
  is n't the paveway that missile the f-117 have ? 
  o ___ o, 
  well that makes 4x paveway a bit more reasonable . 
  i thought they had turned the gr .7 into a new f-111c, 
  [ i have become death , destroyer of worlds !, 
  fucking 60 % accuracy !!!, 
  well since the recent update redfor has a fuckton of napalm mlrs units so my recommendation would be to get some of those and burn the entire forest down . 
  like the bm-24 for 50 points . 
  aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaand everyone and their mother have napalm mlrs artillery burning half the map . 
  need new blufor units , firemen with firetruck transports + helicopters and/or planes that can drop water . 
  35 % and the rof was much lower, 
  yeah some spaags feel a little op . 
  probably because of the insane rof buff some of them ( mostly redfor ) received . 
  yeah even the shittiest shilka is scary now that it has 1500 rpm in rof . 
  cheap-ish cqc fighters . 
  since they have elite training they 'll have high rof ( 533 rpm with smgs ) and can run very fast ( 30 km/h ) and have a high starting veterancy . 
  yeah this is pretty much the only thing i really dislike about the dlc . 
  i think it would be reasonable if one of the nswp factions had napalm artillery ( maybe poland , they seem to like napalm ) and one of them had a cluster mlrs but this is just too much . 
  and fucking ussr bm-21 grad with napalm !, 
  they already have the tos-1 and the bmm-21 was the only artillery you could have as airborne except mortars . 
  these guys are n't recon though . 
  tried to make some sort of updated version of it for dlc 1, 
  you could skip some units like the m18 and maybe one support unit to get 1 or 2 more card of tanks . 
  i would not upvet so much ( almost ran out of mistral squads recently ) and i would replace the cv with the one with wheels in my example deck because you want a cv with wheels . 
  and iirc the m48a5k2 does n't have stabilizers but the 50pt version on the nana-yon shiki g does . 
  or you could replace it with another k1 because that thing is insane for an 85pt tank . 
  17 front armor for 85 points !!!, 
  i 'm also not 100 % sure about the howitzer i used . 
  it 's accurate but it takes forever to aim so you might fare better with something else . 
  i would also recommend that you bring a sead plane unless you plan on using your planes only for defense . 
  well the thing that happened was that i encountered two ags-17 squads in a building zone and decided that it would be better to get into cqc since i assumed that the ags-17 would n't work then ( like mgs without the [ cqc ] tag ) . 
  but nope , instead the fsj90 received even more accurate gmg fire at like 10m range . 
  actually i think the ingame rpm is with reload time and all that so the burst-rof is higher than the one displayed . 
  i thought flamethrowers did n't work in cqc . 
  yeah you 're right , i assumed that 203mm howitzers still took longer to aim than 155mm howitzers but according to the patchnotes they all take 30s to aim . 
  it 's a picture of the granatomet ags-17 squads stats showing that the ags-17 already have the [ stat ] tag . 
  yeah , it 's just that i found it kinda silly that several people were talking about how the ags-17 should have a [ stat ] tag when it already did . 
   unlike the belt-fed systems on most vehicle weapons , rarden is loaded manually with three-round clips . 
  [ 1 ] this limits its capacity to fire in automatic mode to 6 rounds . 
  you fucked the link up somehow . 
  i think you should put either the delta force or light riflemen in a wheeled transport so you have some fast ground infantry . 
  i also think you should replace the comvat or the lav-25 with an atgm vehicle . 
  and instead of the harrier i would recommend the hornet with 4x f&f atgms . 
  afaik the ingame rof is with reload-time and stuff like that taken into account . 
  unless you 're gon na play with friends or other people you know you can rely on you should n't make a deck that `` obviously relies on others for armor and infantry support '' . 
  get some more normal units ( especially infantry ) so you can hold some part of the defensive line by yourself . 
  it still ca n't fire continuously at 3000 rpm for any longer period of time so the overall rof would probably be fairly close to 800 rm . 
  also , irl the tunguska had a maximum rof of 3900-5000 rpm . 
  they 're fire-support units/tank hunters . 
  the point of them is that they pack quite a lot of firepower for such a small and cheap unit but they 're not really supposed to be used on their own . 
  best way to use them is usually as support for your normal line infantry . 
  let them walk maybe 100-200m behind some rifle infantry so that when you get in a firefight they 're able to help out with their cg . 
  or just ignore them completely . 
  that 's what i tend to do except for really good fist squads like the smaw or tanke shashou and the new ags-17 . 
  i never said it was . 
  some changes i 've noticed . 
  the k1 is now awesome . 
  85 points for a tank with 17 front armor , 2275m range and 60 % accuracy . 
  the japanese ifv got a nice accuracy and rof buff so that thing is now even more deadly . 
  the kafv 40/50 now cost 10 point and you can get more than one card so sk/bd kinda became much better at spamming gmgs . 
  since tanks are now a lot more common , that korean anti-tank plane with 4x f&f atgms became even more useful . 
   decks posted in this thread should follow the usual rules ie have ** a screenshot ** and export code . 
  then you change it to `` you two look so pretty '', 
  so how much did you get your asses kicked ? 
  yeah denmark and norway ( though especially denmark ) feel like they 're just there to add stuff to the scandinavia coalition . 
  people complained about how the nswp factions shared so many units but at least they had units . 
  norway is playable but ( iirc ) still lack a lot of basic stuff like atgm infantry , helicopters , asfs etc etc. 
  i think only their elite infantry get the eryx and it only has 1050m range so i 'm not really sure you could count them as atgm infantry . 
  same here . 
  it 's actually kinda refreshing to replace the nigh-mandatory atgm units with something else as long as i still have enough at capabilities ( all hail f&f atgm planes ) . 
  first of all , since atgms are currently broken i would suggest that you temporarily replace the konkurs-m with something else , like some mot . 
  you should also consider putting the lstr-40 or the vysadkari 90 in a helicopter . 
  having just one infantry unit in a heli can be extremely useful for quick reinforcements or flanking maneuvers . 
  i also have to agree that maybe you should replace the ags-17 with something else . 
  it 's a bit niched and with only 5 slots i 'm not sure it 's worth taking . 
  and maybe put the grom in a skot-2ap .
