  and now i wonder if other factions could get special garrison units , like the sylvanian militia skeleton crossbowmen or the zombie levy with halberds . 
  oh yeah , if there 's an army in a settlement and a decent garrison they ai will almost never attack it but as you say , that 's no surprise . 
  i myself will usually just wait in ambush stance when an enemy settlement has both a garrison and a stationed army . 
  if i really really need some reinforcements for a settlement ( like if a 20 stack with good units is attacking a smaller settlement ) and i have time to react before it is besieged then i might add a lord with one or two rors and possibly a hero if i can recruit one at the settlement . 
  i guess this might already exist , i honestly have n't checked . 
  basically , you would start with a few settlements and then increasingly difficult enemy armies in all flavors will spawn and come for you . 
  like at the start it 's just shit like bretonnians with peasant units but in the end there would be full stacks of nothing but experienced top tier units with high level lords . 
  would n't work that well for factions like the wood elves and norsca and not at all for chaos or the beastmen but for the other factions it would be nice and you would get to fight against all kinds of enemies . 
  i usually play on hard or very hard so that might be it . 
  well we 're obviously playing completely different games . 
  or you 'll jinx me and we 'll both have a really boring campaign . 
  and oh yeah , it 's not 50 % of all battles , just around 50 % of the battles i play . 
  i was n't counting those battles when i autoresolve vs shitty enemy armies or when i just admit defeat . 
  that 's not a degeneracy though , 
  eh , the fanatic version is only cost like 50 gold more than the standard night goblins . 
  in a dwarf campaign the settlement that contained by normal barrack was under siege by a lot of greenskins so all i could recruit was artillery and thunderers . 
  in the end i had an army made up of nothing but thunderers , irondrakes , grudge throwers and iirc two organ guns . 
  and ofc a lord and a master engineer . 
  turns out the dwarfs do n't really need melee infantry , just a fuckton of ranged firepower . 
  i found [ this map ] ( https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/warhammerfb/images/7/73/warhammer_wood_elves_kingdoms.png/revision/latest?cb=20160312092117 ) of athel loren and my guess is that it 's ca interpretation of the hills of the dead . 
  i wondered if it could have been the toew as well but it 's on the wrong side of the river so i decided it 's probably the hills of the dead . 
  and the spooky building on ops picture is on a hill . 
   pretty much has their full roster from 8th , only thing missing are daemon slayers and dragon slayers . 
  they 're also missing the giant slayers and since slayers could switch between dual axes and 2h axes in tt i would say they should get great weapon variants for at least their normal slayers but possibly also the giant slayers . 
  armor piercing anti-large units would be pretty useful for the dwarfs . 
  for transactions like that most people will probably use [ swish ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/swish_ ( payment \\ ) ), 
  not every time ofc , but maybe they could look at the older content once in a while and check if it 's still holding up ok compared to the newer shinier stuff . 
  the rors in the g&g dlc are based on units from the sigmars blood expansion . 
  i 'm not saying they 're bad , it 's just when i play an empire or vc campaign and unlock a ror most of them feel pretty meh and usually end up on town defense duty ( ie not used until i need to pull an army out of my ass to hold a settlement ) . 
  kills from burning head counts but not flame storm iirc . 
  i remember getting 800-900 kills vs mousillon with a bright wizard . 
  well i saw zombies die from the flame storm without the kill counter changing so for some reason it did n't count . 
  the latter rors are made up by ca afaik but at least the unit types and names for the g&g rors come from the sigmars blood campaign . 
  i think they got to choose the traits and stuff though . 
  i guess op did n't play back when the teleport button was kinda hidden and most of us actually had to walk over to the quest battle . 
  it fucking sucked . 
  as you said , sending agents and building stuff is annoying enough . 
  especially when the objective is so fucking far away . 
  fucking badlands and norsca and kislev and other far away corners of the world, 
  the arachnarok monster hunt was horrible because of this , and you even had to send someone to raid in the badlands . 
  when you live in the north west area of the map , sending a lord to the south east part is annoying as fuck . 
  i 've ended up developing a tactic to take marienburg in just a few turns on very hard so you could try this . 
  turn 1 : move close to the border and recruit 4 units, 
  turn 2 : attack and raze the orc settlement ( otherwise they will attack you when you besiege marienburg ) but try to avoid taking too many casualties, 
  turn 3 : besiege marienburg, 
  turn 4 + : if enough of your forces are left from the battle against the orcs , you will be able to starve out marienburg , otherwise you will have a somewhat difficult ( but not impossible ) battle on your hands but you should be able to capture the town the following turn . 
   grace beaten to the punch again ? 
  i was n't even the first one to post it but the first link had a shitty title so i shamelessly reposted it . 
  it was n't that powerful but i did get some schadenfreude from seeing the corruption spread around the world . 
  it did kinda fuck with the ai since they could n't move around as freely without attrition , especially the poor vampire counts who had their vampire corruption replaced with chaos corruption . 
  ** beyond your comprehension !, 
  only for ranged attacks . 
  the weapon strength for melee is per attack . 
  [ this wiki ] ( https://oldworldwiki.com/ ) has all the up to date stats including attack speed . 
  most units have 3.8 s attack speed , chock cav usually have 5.0 s but then there are some exceptions like most halberd and spear units and stuff like the vargulf with 2.3 s attack speed . 
  and if you check a specific units page you can find other interesting stats like `` max splash targets '' which is nice to know since it kinda determines how effective some units are vs large masses of units but also vs individual targets like lords and heroes because apparently splash damage is divided between the affected targets ( so a vc lord surrounded by zombies will take less damage than a vc lord alone in the open when hit by something big and nasty like a giants club-thingy ) . 
  i kinda like the control points because even if i very rarely win by capturing it , it forces the defenders to defend a specific location resulting in a more focused last stand , usually ending in a rout . 
  otherwise you could just hold a random corner in the town . 
  i did n't know that , i 'm actually not really sure how the weapon length stat works . 
  but i was only talking about the `` raw dps '' they did vs large units ( ie , ( damage + anti large bonus ) / attack interval ) and the chosen are ofc better than 2 % in practice since the rest of their stats are much better . 
  but i still think that it 's pretty strange that for some reason the chosen attack much slower than the chaos warriors , or rather , that the chaos warriors with halberds have such a low attack interval compared to all the other halberd units . 
  i know that , it 's just that on paper it looks like the chosen does waaay more damage than the warriors . 
  tell me about it . 
  in my latest norsca campaign wulfric got the fears chaos trait , -10 leadership vs chaos . 
   i actually think steam tanks should be unlocked through rites, 
  i used to think it should have some technology requirement like the arachnarok but this idea is much better . 
   it would be nice to also summon a wizard with a rite for the empire , since it can take a long time to get a college up and running . 
  i think this would also work pretty well for battle wizard lords when/if they 're added . 
  they should afaik be kinda rare and it might be a bit op if we could simply recruit them like any other lords since it would give the empire immediate access to so many lores . 
  they also have slightly different stats from all the other battle wizards . 
  +25 ma but -17 md. 
  oh yeah , i imagine some of those can be a lot of `` fun '' . 
  i wonder if there 's gon na be a chariot based rogue army using chariots from multiple different factions . 
  or maybe one only using ranged cavalry units . 
  like the old norscans but on steroids . 
  that reminds me of another more serious idea . 
  many of the monster armies in the norscan monster hunts could make some nasty rogue armies in the combined campaign , though they would n't settle anywhere . 
  i feel stupid . 
  somehow i had n't noticed the tax province checkbox after 800 hours of tw : w. 
  imagine if they started spreading plagues . 
  like the lvl 3 crow bonus for norsca , but with `` south european corruption '' or something . 
   i hope it it wo n't be unlimited skill resets . 
  that would make your decisions less meaningful and take away the rpg element out of the game . 
  you could change skills like you change your army composition . 
  it could possibly work if the cost is high enough or increases every time you use it . 
  though that could still result in people switching between early game and late game builds . 
  i dunno about that . 
  [ all those options were available in tt . 
  and since the luminark of hysh is already in the game i do n't think it would be that unlikely . 
   celestial hurricanum is n't in the game , and by the looks of it ca has moved both teams ( both the content and the game ) over to game2 ,, 
  i still have hopes for some minor dlcs for the old world factions once the combined campaign map is released . 
  people have been asking for an empire subfaction for a long time and the empire have enough missing units and characters for a small subfaction/ll dlc . 
  unless ofc they give us middenland with their soc units instead , which is n't that unlikely since people have been asking for those a lot and they 've already added boris with his crush the weak trait and his special runefang . 
  maybe a middenland + averland dlc with both the standard empire stuff and the middenland special stuff . 
  yeah , and they also want to make money and as soon as the combined campaign is released the demand for old world content will hopefully/probably increase . 
  i expect that some g&g style dlcs for the 4 main factions in tw : w2 will take priority but after that i think that some some old world content could be released before for example the tomb kings . 
  this reminds me of a mod/dlc i 've wanted even before tw : w. 
  basically some form of horde defense mode where you start with a few provinces ( and that 's it , there are no other settlements in the world ) and then have to defend them as long as you can against increasingly difficult enemy stacks that keep spawning at the edge of the world . 
  like in the beginning it would be trash tier enemy armies with just zombies , ungors and other low tier shit units , but in the end it would just be highly experienced top tier units led by lvl 30 lords ( including lls ) and every character would have the ultimate bling bling gear . 
  maybe the final boss could be an army made up of nothing but lls .
