   cons :, 
  they 're probably just preparing for a preemtive strike in case romney gets elected . 
  whoa , calm down adolf . 
  while on the topic of wh40k . 
  i had an idea that squad and platoon leaders should get special skins and i thought that tr officers would look like imperial guard commissars , nc more like normal officers and vs could be kinda eldar like . 
  imagine the nc platoon leader looking like the guys in the middle of [ this ] ( http://fc02.deviantart.net/fs17/f/2007/190/a/0/imperial_guard_officers_by_ncodb.jpg ) picture and the squad leaders as the guys to his sides . 
  a tr platoon leader would look kinda like [ this ] ( http://images.dakkadakka.com/gallery/2009/1/17/16256_md-commissar,%20imperial%20guard,%20vostroyan.jpg ) guy and squad leaders would look similar but without the coat and with less bling . 
  no idea on how vs officers should look but probably fabulous . 
  edit : the amount of bling would also depend on battlerank and amount of medals you have . 
  only con i can think of is that squad and platoon leaders will become giant flashing bullseyes on legs . 
  headlights , as in flashlights on your head . 
  a step above the normal flashlight but not as good as the nv googles . 
  takes up the nv/rangefinder/binocular slot . 
  simple gps . 
  a gps without the minimap and compass function . 
  simply gives you your grid cordinates and altitude . 
  my only victory so far was with the engi a cruiser with 3 ion weapons and 2 offensive drones . 
  by keeping its weapons down i was able to tank the drones in stage 2 and the super weapon in stage 3 with my maxed shields and upgraded engines . 
  it was almost unfair . 
  1st stage i just ignored the beam since it ca n't do shit against shields , and since it 's destroyed when you win stage 1 , there 's only 3 weapons in stage 2 . 
  how about the ability to recolor any part ? 
  well that still leaves only 3 weapons for stage 2 and one that can be ignored during stage 1 . 
  i would like to see the crown turned into some rubble . 
  as in one faction got really tired of the crowns shennanigans and blew it up with a big missile . 
  on a more serious note , put c and possibly b further away from the tower . 
  like one being down by the bridge and the other down the small back road . 
  replacing the primary could also be a way to balance this . 
  i was hoping that an accuracy , recoil and reload nerf for the pistol + decreased melee speed when having the primary weapon equiped would be a sufficient penalty but that would n't really bother an infiltrator now would it . 
  but if the pistol + sword combo would replace the primary then you could remove the pitol nerf and possibly even give it more ammo . 
  bicycle, 
  pros : no fuel , quiet , easy to hide . 
  cons : can be hard to stop when going downhill , sometimes fall over and wont let you flip it back up . 
  atv, 
  pros : fast both offroad and onroad , easy to hide , large inventory for something so small . 
  cons : very easy to flip over , ca n't drive over bridges , is in general quite prone to getting damaged , small fuel tank . 
  pros : pretty fast offroad , room for 6 people , it looks kinda like the mystery machine . 
  cons : it 's big and blue so it 's hard to hide . 
  well then they just need to add collisions with enemies . 
  we have/had it with friendlies so i do n't see any problems with adding it to enemies . 
  i linked a comment from the thread in the original post . 
  i do n't think any twisting would be needed , a lot of the fighting is already in such close quarters that melee weapons would aleady be viable . 
  the problem is that the knife we have now is really bad , kinda low damage , hard to hit and generally less useful than just shooting the enemy point blank . 
  but give us swords and i promise you they would be used in biolabs , the crown and any other close quarter scenario . 
  but then you lose the badass factor . 
  also , even if the sword is less effective than shooting someone point blank , it still has the bonuses of being silent , having infinite ammo and giving the user immense satisfaction of killing someone with a fucking sword . 
   damnit , now you infected me . 
  [ mwahahahaha ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hfrwchx5rau ), 
  haywire grenades would be pretty nice and i like the idea of specialized melee weapons . 
  maybe maxes could have access to both an anti-infantry melee weapon , like a big sword , and anti-vehicle melee weapon , like a wh40k power weapon , both of these would be right hand only . 
  the former could have a fairly long reach , hit most things in an arc in front of the max and not be too slow but people could still probably just run away from it . 
  its purpouse wouldnt be to kill people as much as disrupt the enemies in the same way a grenade does , force them to leave cover so they can be shot more easily . 
  the latter would be more of a single target , high damage weapon that gives any vehicle it hits a debuff . 
  something like , no repairs for x seconds or maybe a speed penalty . 
  make it more dangerous to drive a tank close to buildings . 
  then add some sort of left hand shield , providing increased defense against small arms fire and aoe damage , but not against direct hits from explosives . 
  both the melee weapons and shields should be combinable with ranged weapons , so a comet + shield combo , or sword + scattergun combo would also be possible . 
  here it is, 
  press page down and change the setting to squad/platoon only or locked . 
  that will eject anyone who 's not allowed . 
  i highly doubt there would be any copyright issues unless they right out copy something . 
  gw do n't really have the copyright on swords and other melee weapons . 
  [ drive me closer !, 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-hb19thms94 ), 
  so faith is humanity is a zero-sum game ? 
  no faith is ever created or lost , just transfered around . 
  the reaver handles like a brick , so any maneouver a reaver can do , the other esfs should be able to replicate . 
  too bad you didnt have a sword . 
  but if we get spam to higby we might in the future . 
  but that 's more of a balance issue . 
  they 're not supposed to be upgrades bit it 's kinda hard to balance everything . 
  actually , this should be possible for the driver/gunner in tanks already and then for the driver in the multi-man tanks . 
  it would give you a better field of view and enable magrider drivers to look behind them . 
  it should also come with a binocular by default so you can look around with a 4-8x zoom . 
  i used to do this all the time in red orchestra and darkest hour , sitting casually in the turret hatch , looking for enemy tanks with the binoculars and getting extreme adrenalin rushes when someone started shooting at me . 
  good times . 
  i think he was refering to the swords, 
  i do n't think that in a universe where most combat seem to be fought at 5-20 meter distance , swords would be such a silly idea . 
  besides , we do already have knives . 
  we already have regenerating shields for this very purpouse so regenerating health is completely unnecessary . 
  i would be ok with health regen as an armor cert , decreasing shields in exchange for some slow hp regen , but not something everyone can do by default . 
  sound like this is the perfect job for my vorcha soldier with my new ppr . 
  * replace carnage on the vorcha soldier with tactical cloak . 
  reegar + flamer combo with cloak damage bonus  :d, 
  * replace homing grenade on the n7 demolisher with the geth turret and you never have to leave cover ever again . 
  or maybe bloodlust since shields already regenerate . 
  * replace incinerate on the krogan sentinel with tech armor . 
  with rage you would probably reach the 90 % dr cap resulting in 16000 effective shield hp . 
  * replace carnage on the kroguard with tactical cloak . 
  kill almost any mook with a single cloak bonused charge . 
  as a former eve player , the most insane grind ever . 
  tech armor gives the most damage reduction so i chose another of that rather than the other inferior armor powers . 
  since this is just a big `` what if '' thread i 'm just gon na go by the assumption that we can . 
   type / suicide to go back to full health . 
  people actually do that ? 
  i 've been playing for months and i have never commited suicide just because my health is low . 
  we have some regnerating shield and if you feel you have to kill yourself because you have low health you 're a bad player . 
  fight to the death like a real player . 
  once we get boats and amphibious vehicles , an archipelago style map , with 3 large islands with the warpgates , a few medium sized islands for bigger bases connected with bridges for all the land vehicles to get around , and then just a big clusterfuck of tiny islands for all the small outposts . 
  a map centered on a huge crater , so getting to the middle is a dowhill battle , but attacking from the middle is an uphill battle . 
  think of it as impact site 2000 .
