  the carriers could get 2 traits of the same type as their commander seat , the `` hangar cd and xp bonus '' trait and then one from their secondary focus . 
  ie , the jhdc would get 2 tac traits , 1 eng and the hangar trait . 
  some ships like the vo'quv and d'diridex does n't really have a secondary focus so they could get 1 trait for each . 
  ie , the d 'd would get 1x eng as it 's main trait , 1x sci and 1x tac and then the singularity bonus trait . 
  bops should probably be tac focused but imo they should also get their own trait like carriers and warbirds . 
  so 3 tac traits and 1 special bop trait . 
  2,5 % chance, 
  especially a gorn science focused cruiser similar to the science odyssey . 
  a romulan 2-hangar carrier that can use the drone ships . 
  the tr-116b is account bound !?!?!? 
  well now i know what i 'm getting when i get home !, 
  because the higher their rank the better they are in combat . 
  have n't you played any rpgs ? 
  oh look , another shield i will have to get just because it 's sexy as fuck . 
  available at construction . 
  +1 faith , +1 culture per turn . 
  denmark has 250 runestones while sweden has between 1700 and 2500 . 
   the swedish district of uppland has the highest concentration with as many as 1,196 inscriptions in stone , whereas s\u00f6dermanland is second with 391 . 
  denmark is 3,4 times the size of uppland yet uppland has 4,8 times as many runestones . 
  well norway was danish for a long time and sweden has a finnish units because of the same reason . 
  how many failed attempts did it take to make these ? 
  i 've crafted about 120-150 mk ii beams and only 2 were [ crtd ] x3 and you must have used quite a lot of those in order to get 6 [ crtd ] x4 beams . 
  i just want to know since i kinda have the ec and dil to do it myself but i 'm not sure how much it would actually cost . 
  i 'm potentially interested . 
  i assume they 're mk ii . 
  how much per beam ? 
   also , hopefully more units , it looks kind of bland in that department . 
  what i want is some sort of `` missing-link '' units to make the transition from the standard units to the affinity units smoother . 
  to me the difference between the 2nd and 3rd units is too big . 
  there should be a tier of units that basically look like the 2nd tier but with some affinity stuff glued on . 
  how does that have anything to do with the aesthetics of the units ? 
  well imo the affinity changes should be very gradual and take time . 
  like starting with some minor but still visible gene-splicing or cybernetic implants before you become swamp-monsters or robots . 
  i guess , but i still think it 's kinda like going from a biplane to a f-22 . 
  maybe instead of a new tier , the 3rd tier units could look a bit more `` normal '' and symbolize the transition from ordinary humans to lizard-people/robots/starship-troopers . 
  it 's also possible that the new winter event ship is a carrier, 
  smaller/pocket world for better fps, 
  if you 're using the advanced world gen then maybe more volcanoes and showing caves on the map . 
  the rest is a matter of personal preference, 
  i once actually managed to reduce the upkeep of mercenaries to 0 in a carthage campaign . 
  ofc this was back when they had a 40 % upkeep reduction and tbh getting it down to 0 was n't really necessary and a bit of a waste of skills . 
  but having an army made entirely out of top-tier mercenaries was so op it was n't even funny ( ok , it was ) and since i just bought new mercs instead of waiting for them to replenish i could just stay on the offensive ( no brakes on the merc-train ) . 
  also , in case you did n't know , carthage has the ability to recruit some special mercenary units wherever they are in the world ( iirc , numidian noble cavalry , mercenary noble fighters , italian swordsmen , celtic light horse and balearic slingers ) . 
  it 's kinda like having mobile tier 3-4 barracks with instant recruitment/replenishment following your armies . 
  this also means you do n't really have to build any military buildings in your provinces which means more money . 
  indeed . 
  i also kinda feel the same way about learning implants . 
  you either earn less sp or you have to spend more isk when you die . 
  this can be kinda penalizing for more casual pvp in cheaper ships since then the implants could be a fairly significant portion of the total cost and unless you 're using slaves or something like that they provide no benefit in combat . 
  i remember one suggestion on the forums that there should be some sort of learning boosters that work as cheaper but temporary implants . 
  i always liked that idea since it could give us an alternative between slower training and expensive clones and at the same time create a new industry . 
  special member-only cosmetics is a pretty awesome idea . 
  maybe an camo + armor + helmet combo for each faction with several degrees of `` bling '' . 
  each level of bling require x months of membership to unlock ( you should also still have access to the low-bling versions even after you 've unlocked the next one ) so if someone has been a member for lets say 2 years and want everyone to know , [ you will know ] ( http://img3.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20120418180442/warhammer40k/images/4/40/commisar_ciaphas_cain.jpg ) . 
  i kinda get the feeling he looted that module somewhere and did n't know what it was worth . 
  ` true terror is to wake up one morning and discover that your high school class is running the country . ', 
  `` one of the few good things about modern times : if you die horribly on television , you will not have died in vain . 
  you will have entertained us . '', 
  [ kanell\u00e4ngd ] ( https://www.google.se/?gws_rd=ssl#q=kanell%c3%a4ngd ) or something like that ? 
  i sometimes use a risian beamscort one some of my characters for shits and giggles and here 's what i tend to do, 
  * a : after maxing weapon power , put the rest into engines, 
  * b : woosh around like a fly on speed, 
  * d : weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee !!!!, 
  * f : return to b and repeat, 
  basically , you do n't really orbit a single target but rather fly around like a maniac and faw everything in range . 
  wait , the leadership trait is stacking again ? 
  i remember doing my own tests after the changes and my results showed that it did n't stack . 
  brb doing some more tests . 
  edit : it appears you are correct . 
  i guess they changed it back at some point because i 'm 99,99 % sure they did remove the stacking . 
  time to get more human boffs i guess . 
  * 1 : some sort of wound/injury system for generals that would make it possible for them to fall in battle without dying . 
  sometimes they could just be knocked out for the rest of the battle , sometimes they could need a few turns to heal and sometimes they could become cripples but still be able to work as statesmen or something similar . 
  * 2 : some sort of `` apprentice system '' for generals and agents . 
  basically , as a character reach a certain age and level they should start producing apprentices that could eventually turn into a lower level version of the mentor . 
  o __ o, 
  my suggestion would be getting some alts and give your future lockbox ships to them . 
  what are the best areas for catching and taming dangerous animals . 
  i want to make a fort that 's defended by stuff like lions and elephants . 
  i assume that untamed wildlands = more dangerous animals , but which kind of environment should i look for ? 
  eg , tropical swamps , temperate grasslands etc etc. 
  there are several reasons why you should do it . 
  kdf/kdf-romulan alts = more income from marauding, 
  if you ignore the cost of the new gear , the amount of ship and doff slots each alt will have makes them pretty cost efficient . 
  at least personally i 'm more likely to use different ships if they 're not on the same character . 
  playing as another class can be a nice change of pace and some ships work better with certain classes . 
  i do n't really have an animal of choice , as long as they 're somewhat dangerous and preferably trainable i 'm happy . 
  the problem is that sometimes i live in some savage tropical savanna and all i get are stuff like wild boars and cavys . 
  i 'm just wondering if there is some sort of biome with a higher % of dangerous wildlife and less fluffy useless meatbags . 
  one thing you should look at is how high you can get your expose chance . 
  the default expose chance is 10 % but the [ lucky ] ( http://sto.gamepedia.com/trait:_lucky ) and [ telepathic ] ( http://sto.gamepedia.com/trait:_telepathic ) traits can increase it by respectively 10 % and 15 % . 
  then there 's the pack leader trait you can buy on the exchange that offers an additional 10 % bonus . 
  aliens , betazoids , letheans and ferasans can have both the lucky and telepathic trait which means that you can get a whole whooping 45 % expose chance if you get the pack leader trait . 
  the reason why i 'm talking about this is because pretty much all the offensive science ground abilities are expose abilities so if you increase your expose chance as much as possible and then grab a weapon with an exploit secondary attack you can do some really high damage . 
  if you do this , also consider using a melee weapon ( preferable a sword ) since they can both expose and exploit or one of the dyson or cc 8472 reputation rifles since their main attacks are also expose attacks ( though at 1/2 your normal chance ) and they have exploit secondary attacks . 
  final tip , there 's a hotkey ( g iirc ) to target an exposed enemy and if you 're not currently holding an exploit attack weapon but have one in the other slot you will also automatically draw it . 
  a gorn science cruiser with the same advanced transwarp drive as the excelsior . 
  basically two birds with one stone when it comes to some of the kdf ships i want . 
  my personal advice/tips . 
  * except for your race and class pretty much every decision can be undone .
