  i usually only do that with elite units so i got confused why you had fewer marines , comvats etc. 
  well afaik , all naval units and anti-naval units will be in the naval category so we wo n't waste activation points on a unit that would be useless on non-naval maps . 
  what i meant with `` hopefully we 'll be able to call them in even without a naval corridor '' is that even if we 've lost our naval corridor zone , we should still be able to call in asm-launchers . 
   ** faction-themed stations **, 
   in kronos , all stations that are owned by a npc corporation are now recognizable in space as they are now reconstructed with the same visual identity previously only shown on ships . 
  spinning in stations is gon na be replaced with spinning around stations for a while for me . 
  hopefully . 
  and imagine the khanid station , and the imperial navy stations !, 
  hnnnnrgh, 
  and the federation navy stations ... 
  ewwwwww !, 
  do you want to get ganked ? 
  cause this is how you get ganked . 
  could you do some tests with rocket planes ? 
  a teammate capture the enemy naval corridor in one game and it turns out that apparently those rocket pods are surprisingly powerful against ships . 
   elite fleet, 
  wait ... 
  the elite fleet shield has some visual effect ? 
  cause i have n't noticed one and there 's no `` disable visuals '' option . 
  i 'm surprised wp is n't already in wargame . 
  would be a nice blufor equivalent to the redfor thermobaric rocket artillery . 
  same role but not too similar . 
  i did expect her to die in the battle , but i really did n't expect it to happen this episode . 
  personally i would recommend some sort of bomber/multi-role fighter to simply blow them up as they land . 
   honestly , it 's a bit of a metagaming gimmick that does n't work against anything other than a reckless chopper rush, 
  fortunately , those are pretty damn common . 
  at least in 10v10 . 
  send out recon helicopter , spot landing site , call in bomber/multi-role fighter . 
  are you sure they had n't run out of missiles ? 
  since when did usa get buratinos ? 
   but need some kick ass guns and shields . 
  which and where from . 
  i 'm still working on getting some dilithium . 
  do not buy anything for dilithium yet . 
  you level like crazy in sto and before you know it you 're lvl 50 and pretty much 99 % of the stuff you 've collected will be worthless . 
  sell some ? 
  for infantry , strength = number of men in the unit . 
  more men = harder to wipe out and more firepower in a gunfight . 
  it should n't have any effect on the aa launcher though . 
  he used to look like feyd rautha and then he turned into baron harkonnen . 
  for sweden , i 'm hoping for something like this . 
  j39 gripen in a few different forms . 
  like an asf/interceptor and one multi-role . 
  strv 122 ( leopard 2 ) and strv 2000 ( 1980-90s prototype ) mbts . 
  the latter would have a 140 mm main gun and a 40 mm coaxial . 
  some different strf90 variants , like lvkv90 ( spaag ) and strf90120-t/strf90105tml ( light tanks ) . 
   have they fixed silencers yet ? 
  yes, 
   if so what do they do now ? 
  they wo n't affect the stealth of the unit when fired . 
  yeah , a bunch of `` 90 '' versions of some of the infantry units with ak5s . 
  it can be used for both smoke and incendiary weapons . 
  in wg we only have the former . 
  actually , most of the strv 122s were produced in sweden . 
  the reason we got them was because we gave up on designing our own mbt . 
  we then tested the leo 2 , abram , leclerc and t-72 and in the end the leo 2 won . 
  the strv 121s on the other hand were bought because of the `` fire sale '' but that was after the strv 122 deal . 
  imo they should split the naval category into naval and `` boats '' . 
  the latter would be most of the smaller vessels like the strb90 , shanghai , monitor etc ( hopefully more would be added ) . 
  it should also contain elite/recon infantry delivered in some smaller transport boats like rhibs , an actual strb90 h ( not the baneblade we have now ) and stuff like that . 
  anything with anti-ship missiles would stay in the naval category . 
  the boat category should then be available in more maps . 
  a lot of the `` land '' maps are like 25 % water because of all the rivers going everywhere . 
  it would also create more diversity in naval combat since you would have to have a few cards of boats or infantry . 
   the unit will attack anything it encounters on its way there . 
  iirc , an attack order means that it will stop and attack anything it encounters on the way . 
  this is pretty important for any unit with shitty stabilizers or the [ stat ] trait . 
  but do you use the same type of wp munition when you want to create a smoke screen and when you want to kill people ? 
  i thought they were different types of ammo but that they both used wp as the `` main ingredient '' . 
  i 've become pretty fond of airborne decks recently , especially as the commonwealth . 
  a lot of good infantry and recon ( sas , sbs , recce ) combined with the commonwealths fairly powerful air-force . 
  the complete lack of aa support units is kinda painful but nothing that ca n't be compensated for with sas and air-superiority fighters . 
  i also like playing as scandinavia without a specialization and bringing two cards of reservists . 
  fighting over the center of asgard with a blob of danish reservists + bkan support is awesome . 
  send in 4 squads of danes into the enemies half of the town , wait until they 're surrounded and about to get overrun by spetznas , kommandosi etc etc and then call in artillery near or even on their position . 
  i 'm also fond of czechoslovakia ( and east-germany ) because of their cheap bombers . 
  those 30-60 point bombers are not only pretty cost efficient but they refuel and resupply insanely fast . 
  they 'll be ready for another mission before their previous target has stopped being stunned . 
  extra fun on low-point tactical 10v10 games . 
  maybe it could be a holographic emitter that we can buy with gpl . 
  well if they split the naval category into two ( or more ) then maybe it could be possible to have some game settings deciding which naval categories should be available . 
  replace one supply helo with a fob . 
  they 're the most cost efficient supply source . 
  also , imo one of the best things about supply helicopters is that they can easily fly back and resupply at a fob . 
  i would probably also replace at least one mot.sch\u00fctzen with a leichte sch\u00fctzen or something similar . 
  replace one fla-kom osa with a decent spaag or something . 
  do you really need 12 stalin-organs ? 
  i would also get rid of two cards of tanks . 
  tanks are generally not that useful and especially not the mid-tier tanks . 
  remove the fla-mg cars , get a to-55 . 
  need moar planes !, 
  might just be me but i imo planes are generally the 3rd most useful unit type in wg , just after recon and infantry . 
  get some escort ships and the supply boat . 
  those big command ships are pretty useless by themselves and would most likely get destroyed by enemy as-planes . 
  also , i get the feeling you 've up-vetted a lot of units . 
  eg , you should get 3 ludas per card but you only get 1 . 
  imo , do n't up-vet units if it reduces the availability too much . 
   the b-m torp because of it 's x2 multiplier with torp spread . 
  wait what ? 
  does it actually say that anywhere or did people find out by testing ?
