  figured that a melee + grenade combo could be fun vs the borg in the latter missions since it would make their shield adaption pretty useless . 
  i also tried using a full engineer team ( me included ) with quantum mortars , medical and shield generators and stuff like that . 
  5 quantum mortars makes some pretty fireworks but it 's not very effective . 
  fortunately all the medical and shield generators made us impossible to kill . 
  a 4 science boff team was also kinda fun , you rarely died because of all the healing and with powers like tachyon harmonics being used all the time the enemies did n't live long . 
  that did n't really tell me much on ** how ** you play your engineer , just that you die a lot more often with it . 
  which kit , armor , shield and weapons do you use ? 
  are you some sort of support with a sniper rifle or do you charge in with a pulsewave assault ? 
  when i run ground stfs with my engineer characters ( and ground combat in general ) i tend to use the fabrication specialist kit , one good range weapon ( jem ` hadar rifle is nice for the set ) and a sword . 
  the quantum mortar is very effective vs borgs since they 're slow and the kinetic damage has a high shield piercing . 
  i very rarely die , though that might be because the only ground stf i usually run is kage and only with people i know . 
  also , try using your engineer with an escort or something for space combat . 
  the tanking abilities of an engineer can compensate for the escorts lack in engineer boffs and consoles . 
  combining a tanky ship with a tanky captain can often result in a ship that does nothing but tank . 
  you could also spend the ec on getting a nice ship for another character . 
  while i havent used either ( so i have no idea what i 'm talking about ) , the fleet hec and the jh hec does look fairly similar . 
  i know that i personally would prefer having an expensive escort and an expensive cruiser/carrier/sci vessel than two expensive escorts . 
  that way i could fly something completely different but equally good once in a while rather than something that 's kinda the same . 
  also , using a different ship would n't require you to buy that much new gear , probably just some new weapons and a few consoles . 
  maybe a few good doffs ( technician if you want to run an aux2bat cruiser ) and stuff like that . 
  i 'm doing the rep grind with my romulan alt and i actually found it less annoying than when i did it with my main because the bank was empty !, 
  i simply filled the bank and half my inventory with consumables and commodities ( i think i got to tier 3 omega rep before i had to buy more consumables ) and went to work . 
  also , just so you know , romulan c-stor ship consoles cant be used on cross-faction ships because they only work on warbirds . 
  this might not be a problem for you but it does limit your options . 
  but tbh , i use an adapted battlecruiser on my romulan char and i 'm almost out off enigeering and science console slots anyway . 
  and romulans also have the advantage of having an easier time getting superior romulan operative boffs , making your expensive ship even more awesome . 
  when it comes to carriers i would recommend you to buy a mirror vo'quv for your kdf char first and mess around with it to see if you like it . 
   if they add new factions as dlc ... 
  i 'd probably be upset . 
  even if it 's in the form of an expansion like coh : of ? 
  i really really hope they will release some free commanders as well in the future , otherwise this is probably another nail in relics coffin . 
  and making new commanders really ca n't take much effort as long as the units and abilities are already in the game . 
  now i 'm almost glad it was gearbox and not sega that bought the homeworld ip . 
  sure they also have a history with dlcs but they 're more like mini-expansions and not just a new combination of units and abilities . 
  omega rep grind is easy . 
  i just run ises once in a while , especially during the bonus mark events . 
  one ise gives you about 3 days worth of marks and as long as you do n't get into a pug game with a bunch of morons it 's incredibly easy . 
  same with cee for nukara marks . 
  you get 60 ( 80 during event ) per run , not as good as stfs but not too shabby , and cee is fairly straightforward and pretty much ca n't be failed . 
  just spam tykens rift and the other powers that remove the re-crystalization buff to prevent the entity from becoming too strong and watch out for the energy absorbtion phase . 
  romulan rep is a bit more annoying but personally i did n't bother beyond tier 2 with this char ( i just wanted the crit bonus and now i 'm slowly gon na earn the console ) but romulans do have an advantage when it comes to romulan reputation since their base is on new romulus , making it easier to do your daily epoh hunting . 
  i think the reason people do n't rage about the annihilator is that people do n't use it as much anymore . 
  it used to be hated when everyone was using it , but then it got nerfed , a lot . 
  my friends have it and according to them it sucks . 
  by looking at the stats i can understand them . 
  it does crap damage ( 1200 ) and has the longest lock-on time ( 3s ) in exchange for the ability to target both vehicles and aircrafts . 
  the striker on the other hand does 500x5 damage ( if all missiles hit ) , more than double that of the annihilator , with a shorter lock-on time ( 2.25 s ) and pretty much the same reload time . 
  the disadvantage would be that it takes some time to fire all 5 missiles , giving it a lower `` salvo per minute '' but most of the time you will only fire one missile/salvo before the target runs away , and then a 2500 damage salvo is preferable to a 1200 damage missile . 
  yeah , i know who they are and i would love to see them make a new homeworld game . 
  and the game they 're doing is pretty much homeworld on the ground , but it 's not the same thing . 
  all i 'm saying is that i 'd rather see a homeworld 3 made by someone other than the current relic , at least if they 're gon na go down the microtransaction dlc road . 
  i think people should be afraid of transporters even if they never failed . 
  it 's like a machine that first scans you very thoroughly , then quickly euthanizes you . 
  it then puts your body into a high-tech woodchipper , turning it into tiny tiny bits . 
  after that it takes all those bits and sends them to your destination at ftl velocity . 
  if you 're sent to another transporter it also includes a digital ikea assembly instruction on how to assemble a `` humon '' that it made with the scan . 
  you 're then reassembled bit by bit and then revived , either by a machine at your destination or somehow remotely by the machine that sent you . 
  and then people mock you for being afraid of transporters !, 
  and there my interest dropped by 90 % . 
  maybe they could reduce the weapon slots on one of them in exchange for a second hangar bay . 
  these ships just look like huge escort carriers without the turnrate to use dhcs properly , so instead they become flight deck cruisers , with one aft weapon replaced with a fore weapon . 
  and those drone ships looked like they were gon na be awesome . 
  i mean , 3 beam arrays !, 
  three !!!, 
  edit : the thing that annoys me the most is that they released the devblog just one day before the ships . 
  no public testing them on tribble and just one day to provide some proper feedback . 
  and if they end up changing them after the release there 's gon na be a lot of angry people who ended up with a ship different than the one they bought . 
  i 've been saying that myself but then people tell me stuff like `` they send the original material so it 's totally not killing the original character and replacing him with a replica '' . 
  memory alpha also claims that the transporter breaks down the atoms into subatomic particles and sends those through subspace to the destination . 
  my theory is that it 's exactly as you 're saying , they just send the data on how to replicate the object on the other side . 
  the keyword being replicate . 
  everyone has probably just agreed to lie about the whole thing because otherwise people would n't use transporters and then they would need a lot more shuttles . 
  so to avoid this logistical nightmare they made up a lie . 
  everyone trying to tell the truth is then dealt with , possibly put into a transporter against their own will , except that the replicas that comes out on the other end are n't completely identical to the originals , because unlike them , they wo n't try to spread the truth . 
  that 's why i suggested less weapon slots to compensate . 
  let 's say the falchion had 4 fore + 3 aft weapons and 2 hangars . 
  more like a proper carrier ( jh dread for example ) without being too different from the others . 
  yeah , like maybe the commander slot changing depending on the ships focus , so the tulwar would have had a science commander slot and then tactical and engineering lt slots + the univeral slots . 
  they kiiiinda did this with the andorian escorts with an lt slot . 
  could be worth it to take out a well defended ams sunderer in some trickly location . 
  las and engineers have to get close to use their c4/mines which is n't always that easy due to the terrain or the amount of bullets that will be fired at you . 
  has have a bit longer range but is also very likely to get killed before the sundy due to the fairly high ttk . 
  rockets are n't really stealthy so it 's easy to find you and return fire . 
  av mana turrets are pretty effective , but if there 's a decent infiltrator paying attention he could most likely take out the engineer before he does too much damage . 
  libs and esfs can be dealt with by has and maxs , and if none are present people can just quickly switch class for a few seconds to kill the aircraft ( this is a big problem imo ) , same goes for tanks . 
  but an invisible aircraft covered in c4 coming out nowhere , that could be a bit tricky to counter . 
  that could have worked , but i would have liked an engineering focused carrier . 
  we have the vo'quv and atrox as science carriers , the jh dread as a tac carrier , the kdf burning doomboat as a sci/tac hybrid and the recluse a somehwat sci/whaterver you want carrier . 
  that 's why i wanted the falchion as an engineering focused proper carrier while the tulwar would be more like a big science ship with plenty of dakka and one hangar . 
   this is basically the romulan odyssey + fighters . 
  do n't forget the higher turn rate and the romulan battle cloak . 
  i think the pioneers rests assured that their worthlessness in combat ( unless equipped with a flamethrower ) means that they 'll be less likely to actually be put in combat . 
  i usually just use my pioneers for capping , building , repairing and burning , the stuff they 're good at . 
  combat engineers on the other hand are often equipped with a flamethrower , put into a tiny metal box on wheels and tracks and used as `` cheap '' shock troops . 
  not only that but he also [ used to ] ( http://i.imgur.com/xpeaahe.jpg ) look kinda like [ feyd-rautha ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/c/c0/sting-feydrautha.jpg ) . 
  +2 , but then i guess that bonus is added before all the % bonuses . 
   big and little dog, 
  oh yes !, 
  according to [ wikipedia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/legged_squad_support_system ) the ls3 ( new bigdog ) is gon na be supplied to a marine company in 2014 . 
  if they 've gotten to that stage in the development that it 's gon na be used in the field in one year , by 2035 these things should be both more common and more advanced , unless darpa said `` fuck this shit '' and shut down the project .
