  replace a spaag with some artillery . 
  do n't upvet all of your tanks . 
  leo 2a5s and stuff like that make popular targets for atgm helicopters/planes so you might want the ability to replace them . 
   usa general, 
  replace one smaw with a marines 90 . 
  put the smaw and the marines in the lvtp-7a1 for the gmg . 
  replace one riflemen with light riflemen and maybe put the other one in an ifv . 
  replace one chaparral with a hawk for that 4,5 km range . 
  again , less upvetting of tanks . 
  you should also replace one of them with something spammable and mmaybe one with an m8 ags ( 15 rpm gun ) . 
  so 1-2 good tanks , 1 cheap shit tank and 1 m8 ags . 
  put one of your navy seals in a ground transport and maybe do n't upvet them . 
  they 're pretty good at fighting so you might want to be able to get more of them . 
  maybe replace the bradley or kiowa with some cheaper ground recon like the gmg humvee . 
   red dragons general, 
  get some atgm and manpad infantry and replace the reservists with some regular infantry in a decent transport . 
  possibly you could get the nk regulars in the aa transport instead of manpad infantry . 
  unvet the t-90 . 
   ussr general, 
  remove/replace the cv tank . 
  remove one vdv and one spetsnaz and get some motostrelki 90 in a bmp-1d and some manpad infantry in a skrezhet . 
  you should probably get at least one artillery unit . 
  either a smerch or an msta . 
  do n't upvet the ka-52 . 
  maybe get a bdrm-3 recon vehicle ( somehow ) . 
  it 's really useful for just driving around and killing shit . 
  in the vehicle category you want a shturm , a zhalo and a tos-1 so remove the atgm vehicles and the to-62 . 
  maybe replace the su-27pu with a su-27m and/or the su-24m with a su-25t . 
  the lvtp-7a1 might be slow but it 's hardly expensive . 
  the reason you want it is because gmgs can be incredibly effective vs infantry . 
  imo you should usually have both infantry in fast transports for quickly advancing and taking positions and infantry in slow but powerful transports for killing shit . 
  and when it comes to reservists i personally do n't find them that cost effective . 
  no mgs ( except for sweden and denmark ) , slow as fuck , low rof , usually bad accuracy etc etc. 
  personally i find regular 10-20 point infantry in decent transports to be much more cost efficient overall . 
   maybe a trill ? 
  i always thought the trill were interesting . 
  probably too late now but i would have liked more ezri . 
  she only got one season so unlike all the other main characters she did n't have much time to develop . 
  also she was adorable . 
   i got rid of the heli spetnz and replaced them with mottostrelki in et-lbvs . 
  if that 's the shitty 5pt transport then i would actually recommend you to use something better . 
  either something fast like a btr-70 / 80 or something with some firepower like a bmp-1d or 2 . 
   i 'm gon na try replacing the smerch with the msta howitzer . 
  the smerch can actually be really useful so i would probably replace a tunguska or skip some other unit like your command infantry or some tanks to get a msta . 
  the smerch can kill every light-armored vehicles ( like cvs and artillery ) in a huge area . 
   for air i now have the yak-38s , 2 mig-27k , 1 upvetted su-27n , 2 yak-141 and 1 upvetted su-275 . 
  gon na have to check the armory when i get home for the planes . 
  personally i tend to use 1 mig-31m ( 12km range interceptor ) , 2 su-27pu ( asf ) , 2 su-25t ( atgm ) , 1 su-27m ( asf/atgm multirole ) and 1 mig-25something ( sead plane ) . 
   kind of the same thing i think, 
  i compared them in the armory and iirc they 're exactly the same . 
  just a shame that it 's only one of their unit that can use it , . 
   what are the top ifv 's in this game ? 
  bmp-1d : high availability and has a gmg which it can use to slaughter infantry at an insane rate . 
  btr-t : only available for engineers but has a whole whooping 7 front armor and a gmg . 
  probably the best ifv for forest fights . 
  bmp-3 : 2,8 km range atgms + 2,4 km range 100 mm he cannon + 1,7 km range 30 mm autocannon = < 3 . 
  unfortunately pretty expensive and the ussrs lack of an availability bonus can actually be felt here . 
  btr-80a : really fast and has an accurate autocannon . 
  btr-90 : like the 80a but also has atgms . 
  something skrezhet : want more aa ? 
  surprisingly effective vs helicopters and in sufficient numbers they create a small no-fly zone . 
  * nswp, 
  bmp-2 : really really cost efficient little thing with a 30 mm autocannon . 
  with a east german mechanized deck you can get 11 elite mot schutzen in bmp-2s per card for just 15 +15 points . 
  ofc also available for the ussr but imo it 's best used as the ddr . 
  promet : the skrezhet but available for polish engineers . 
  * china, 
  ca n't remember their names but china has one 15 point tracked ifv and one 20 point wheeled ifv with autocannons . 
  imo they 're both pretty decent but the latter can be really powerful due to its high speed . 
  * north korea, 
  the vtt-323 something with 4x strela missiles is probably one of the funniest ifvs in the game . 
  it costs 20 points and the main gun is a ( maybe dual ) 14,5 mm mg and the missiles have like 30 % accuracy so it 's kinda shitty . 
  but all of the sudden you have collected a fairly large group of them and you 'll realize that stuff like low damage , low accuracy and the targets ecm does n't matter when 20 missiles are fired together . 
  * sweden, 
  pbv 302a : imo pretty cost efficient and and makes a nice transport for pansarskyttar . 
  strf 9040 : one of the best ifvs in the game . 
  1,9 km range , 35 % accuracy and 3 ap . 
  * norway, 
  nm135 : pretty cost effecient and can be used by the excellent stormer shock infantry . 
  * west germany, 
  marder 1 : another basic 15pt cost-efficient ifv . 
  marder 1a1 : like the marder 1 but with an atgm and costs 20pt . 
  marder 1a2 : slightly better than the a1 and it costs the same but has lower availability . 
  the best of the marder 1s and it still only cost 20 points but it has the lowest availability . 
  combined with the awesome panzergrenadier 90 these ifvs are some of the best in the game . 
  * france, 
  nope, 
  * usa, 
  lvtp-7a1 : decent armor and a gmg makes this thing really useful . 
  can be used by marines and smaw which are some of the usas few good infantry units . 
  the bradleys are pretty nice but unfortunately ( imo ) the riflemen they come with are not . 
  they also have pretty low availability and high-ish cost so i tend to avoid them . 
  * japan, 
  ca n't remember the name but japan has one ifv that 's really powerful . 
  it 's basically a strf 9040 with atgms . 
  good cannon and decent armor . 
  also very expensive . 
  * south korea, 
  kafv 25 : another nice cheap little 15pt ifv . 
  nothing special but cost efficient .
