  yeah . 
  either it should be a much shorter duration , like 3-5 seconds , or the vehicle should n't be completely disabled . 
  let 's say a 20-33 % decrease in speed , turn rate , turret turn rate and rof + the hud being fucked for 10-15 seconds . 
  i have a kinda relevant story . 
  about 1.5 years ago , during the incursion live events i witnessed a poor obelisk autopilot into a 200 npc gatecamp in highsec . 
  obviously it did not live very long and caused a pretty little exlosion and a lot of comments in local . 
  after some failed attempts at reaching the wreck , i finally managed to loot about 2-300 t2 shield hardeners . 
  since i was already fairly close to amarr , i headed over there to sell the stuff before some ccp gm decided it was my turn to die . 
  after putting up my sell orders i quickly noticed that about ten 0.01 iskers had dropped the price of their hardeners . 
  eventually , i got annoyed . 
  rather than beign one of them , i dropped the price by 10k isk . 
  they quickly started dropping the prices by 0.01 isk below my order . 
  so i did itagain , and they followed . 
  it did not take long before i had droped the price by 1/3 of what it was when i got there . 
  let 's just say it took a while for the prices to return to normal . 
  edit : after checking some logs i think i went to amarr and not jita . 
  i think it would be intresting of they added [ command ranks ] ( http://wiki.planetsidesyndicate.com/index.php?title=command_rank ) to ps2 . 
  sarcasm does n't work on the internet . 
  i think an amarr + gallente and a minmatar + caldari faction should come first since there is no such hybrid yet . 
  also , while this probably will never happen i 'd like to see two factions for each mix since in each pirate faction , one side is always dominant ( weapon system , sensor type , thumbnail background etc ) like minmatar for the angels , gallente for serpentis and amarr for the blood raiders . 
  no , it 's a soct ship . 
  i do n't think they 'll make any more expansions but hopefully they 'll make a few more smaller dlcs . 
  another thing they could do is an alpha centarui dlc , unless ofc they 're planning on making a sequel . 
  actually , the jove is one of the empire factions . 
  the minmatar part of the blood raiders is their webifier bonuses . 
  each pirate faction seem to have one empire faction as the dominant part . 
  easiest way to tell is which weapon systems they use , the background of the thumbnail and the sensor type . 
  it 's kinda like this . 
  ( dominant side listed first ), 
  * blood raiders : amarr + minmatar, 
  * guristas : caldari + gallente, 
  * serpentis : gallente + minmatar, 
  * angels : minmatar + gallente, 
  ca n't you sell them anymore ? 
  i got rid of mine simply by putting them on the market . 
  have n't sold a single one but at least they 're not in my inventory anymore . 
  edit : just removed one from the market to check . 
  not only did it have the sell option but also a `` permanently delete '' option . 
  that site has some pretty good articles about the different ships . 
  while it is about fighting them , it still gives you a pretty good overview of the strengths and weaknesses of each ship . 
  as i suggested [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/planetside/comments/1ekhq9/ideas_for_new_ways_to_use_sc/ca150y7 ) , they should sell helmets , armors and voice packs that match each other . 
  the parts should be sold both separetely and as set-bundles . 
  for example , if there was a commissar set , equiping all of it would turn you into [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=islz_8pplig ) guy . 
  i think bases should have their own defense against this . 
  let 's say that after x minutes of not being connected to an enemy base via the lattice system , the base will try to restore itself . 
  this means it will start repairing damaged and destroyed things and reboot and fixed anything that has been hacked . 
  maybe , though i have some other ideas for that . 
  i made a suggestion recently that bases should be supplied by energy/nanites from the warpgate trough the lattice system . 
  if a base is cut off , it would only have x minutes left until it would become neutral . 
  ants spawned in the wg could then be used to provide the base with energy until it is reconnected to the lattice . 
  yeah . 
  ~ ~ while i do feel kinda sorry for op , ~ ~ he should never have gotten a tengu in the first place if he was that poor . 
  selling ingame stuff ( isk , items , etc ) for real life stuff = rmt and will get you banned . 
  i think there are enough bird names without you squids having to steal from norse mythology . 
  here , you forgot this, 
  use ctrl-c to copy my ), 
  dual training . 
  gon na train my forum alt for 1-2 months and use him for cheap pvp . 
  after the training is done , he wo n't need any implants and his clone will be cheap as fuck . 
  then i might also spend 1-2 months to train a freighter alt . 
  i was actually planning on using it in fw . 
  i 've already joined but you ca n't do much with 55k sps . 
  another factor could be that people are still using their old mining ships they got before the tiercide . 
  no one used the proc back them simply because it sucked and therefore almost no one had one when the tiercide came . 
  i think that most ps1 vehicles will eventually be added to ps2 , except those whose role can be filled by combining another vehicle with certs ( wasp , ams , the different atvs ) and maybe the bfrs ( because of silly people ) . 
  that 's a very good point . 
  maybe they should change the yield bonus to a cycle time bonus instead . 
  a procurer can easily get over 60k ehp with normal modules and rigs . 
  sure , they can still kill you , but it will cost them a lot more isk ( assuming it 's a suicide gank ) . 
  well the point was that if they replaced the 200 % yield bonus with a 66 % cycle time bonus , the yield/time would be the same except you 'd waste less time when an asteroid is finished . 
  how ? 
  i do n't follow your logic ? 
  i just want the skiff/proc to have the same bonuses to ore mining as it has for ice mining . 
  like this . 
   66.66 % reduction in ** strip miner ** duration and capacitor use, 
  how would this destroy ice mining ? 
  i was once able to buy back a myrm i left in wh space after suiciding out . 
  i was new and stupid back then and had n't changed the name of the ship , so when the locals found it they mailed me and contracted it back to me for about 80 % market value . 
  i still do n't follow your logic . 
  a hulk/covetor will still have a 20-25 % higher yield than a skiff/procurer . 
  i did not know that . 
  i 've had a similar yet opposite idea . 
  basically a bumping module . 
  it would apply x amount of force to the target , as if it had been bumped by an mwding ship . 
  for me , the problem with having a few specialists for stuff like that is when they die . 
  i once lost several dwarves because the two brewers died without me noticing so no one made any new alcohol . 
  well the problem was i did n't notice i was running low on booze until it was too late . 
  yeah !, 
  who knows , maybe they 'll even exit the spawnroom . 
   make an soe account ( not a prosieben !, 
  maybe if we complained enough about this they would at least stop redirecting europeans from the . com site to the . eu site . 
  as someone who does n't even have an interbus catalyst, 
  why man why ? 
  q ___ q, 
  this is n't qol , this is a request for a buff . 
  nah man , they should explore more fictional conflicts , like a fenno-scandinavian-union invasion of the european main land while the us forces are tied up in a civil war . 
  apparently ( based on what i 've seen on reddit ) they have bad customer support , less stable log-in servers and do n't give you as many good sc deals as soe . 
  one thing they could also do in the future is to introduce a continent on the opposite side of esamir , so it 's almost always night . 
  could be a tundra/forest type continent . 
  just checked it on wikipedia .
