  [ and btw , the goblins have reproduced . 
  as requested [ here 's the save file ] ( https://www.dropbox.com/s/wsattlob0lvaamk/region1.zip?dl=0 ) , now with even more goblins . 
  t6 science ship with 1 hangar and 1-2 pilot seats . 
  the special hangar could be some sort of super-speedy militarized racing smallcraft . 
  sort of like the space equivalent of a formula-1 car with an autocannon . 
  epte1-3 , evasive maneuvers and attack pattern omega 1 for the elite versions :p, 
  if you have access to magma and sand and/or clay you can just produce an infinite amount of stuff on repeat . 
  just put the job on repeat and forget about it . 
  clothing industry is also really good for this . 
  farming can supply you with an endless supply of plants for making thread and with some highly skilled dedicated weavers and clothemakers you can get some really valuable stuff . 
  i would recommend using dfhack with workflow for this though . 
  if you can fish mussels or some other creature that have shells , shell crafts and shell decorations are a pretty good source of income as well . 
  type `` autoresetgrid disable '' in the dfhack console to disable it . 
  well you can kill it but you 're not supposed to . 
  `` tb tastes sweden proper '', 
  yes and i 've also heard that they will have their accuracy reduced when receiving supressing fire . 
  iirc the corrosive plasma proc is considered to be just one special proc and not a dual proc like polarized disruptors . 
  some weapons are hybrid weapons and have two normal procs ( ie disruptor , polaron , phaser procs etc etc ) , like polarized disruptors , romulan plasma and phased tetryons . 
  the extra proc they gain count as a modifier when it comes to weapon rarity so your polarized disruptor turret basically have 3 modifiers , 2x crtd and 1x polaron proc mod . 
  then there are special weapons that either have only a unique proc or a hybrid between a normal proc and a unique proc . 
  for example nanite disruptors have a unique proc that has a lower damage resist debuff than normal disruptors but also has a shield bleedthrough debuff . 
  corrosive plasma weapons have the corrosive plasma proc which just count as 1 proc instead of a combination of the plasma and disrutptor proc like romulan plasma . 
  this is why your two weapons have different rarity because the polarized disruptor has a bonus proc while the corrosive plasma does not . 
  edit : and btw , i 've heard that you can only get rare items from these boxes at low level so if you unbox stuff with a higher level character you should basically be guaranteed to only get vr items , but ofc that ruins the whole upgrading low level item plan . 
   undertones, 
  well were-creatures have some advantages . 
  every time they transform , all wounds are healed and their thirst and hunger is reset so you could use him for stuff like cave exploring ( as long as he ca n't get back into the fort ) or just wall him in somewhere for the time being . 
  maybe they designed it for 8 passengers but had to give up a slot for some ammo/equipment/etc or they designed it for 6 passengers and then realized they could fit one more in there . 
  you no longer have to spend xp on your boffs abilities to reduce the cooldown . 
  while i 'm not sure what to replace them with ( a 3rd dce maybe ? ), 
  i would remove marion and the technician doff since they do n't really do anything at all with your boff abilities . 
  .40.24 ( not sure which version of lnp but that should n't matter ), 
  the fort is called asrerzuglar . 
  it 's one of the two inhabited forts in the list . 
  yeah it 's a bit strange . 
  the x and y variances for all kind of stuff is really high so the volcanism , drainage , stone types and stuff like that can vary a lot between nearby areas . 
  and to get even more fps and easier access to magma there 's only one cave layer . 
  iirc it became available for all ships when they put it in the console box in one of the lockboxes . 
   as they will simply start spamming whatever unit takes one turn to recruit , which in their case , is comitatenses . 
  so even if they have barracks they still just spam comitatenses ? 
  i always just assumed this behavior was caused by them starting with a settlement without any barracks and thus being unable to recruit anything else until they build/capture one . 
  one thing from civ that i would like to see in attila is city razing taking a few turns . 
  in civilization , razing a city would decrease its population by 1 each turn until it reaches 0 and the city is destroyed . 
  that way a small city would be destroyed really quickly while larger cities could take ages to remove completely . 
  the way they could do it in attila is that when razing a city , each building would be reduced by one level per turn and when the main settlement building reaches 0 the entire region is burned . 
  that way there would be some time to retake a region before its destroyed and upgrading the main settlement buildings would be more important/useful . 
  fairly cheap , decent availability , access to wheeled transport , they 're pretty decent vs infantry and they can kinda defend themselves against armor . 
  maybe not but ... 
  * a ) it should take longer than a few seconds . 
  we 're talking the complete destruction of the city and everything in the entire region . 
  it even affects the fertility in the entire province . 
  * b ) this is a game so sometimes realism must be sacrificed for game design . 
  * c ) a lot of stuff already takes waaaay too long . 
  like crossing the mediterranean with a fleet or constructing a building . 
  why not include city razing as well ? 
  when you raze a city in attila it just goes boom and is completely 100 % destroyed and the entire region is turned into a useless desolate wasteland . 
  [ here 's a video of it ] ( https://youtu.be/8xekinmnng8?t=5m58s ), 
  i know that ... 
  it 's just that i always assumed that they spammed comi spears because they did n't have barracks and not something as stupid as `` everything else takes 2 turns '' . 
  nah that should be saved for the gamma quadrant/playable cardies/dominion invasion expansion/season . 
  like the dominion attacking bajor and the cardassians coming to their aid ( with weaponized smugness ) . 
  not really . 
  afaik wh40k is basically just a sci-fi spinoff of the original warhammer . 
  like they took 90 % of the stuff they had and added jet-packs , tanks , laser rifles etc etc. 
  does this mean there 's only 4 playable factions or will each race be like the culture groups in r2/attila and have a few different factions each . 
  i mean there are a lot of different [ greenskin tribes ] ( http://whfb.lexicanum.com/wiki/list_of_greenskin_tribes ) and the dwarves are split up into several clans and basically live in disconnected and independent holdings . 
   the icelandic language cheats by pulling all the spaces ( and some of the less important words ) out of a sentence and claiming it is a new word . 
  i 'm pretty sure almost all germanic languages does this . 
  english is actually the only exception i know of . 
  it probably wo n't beat any dps records but it does give players access to a cheap cruiser with an lt. com sci station . 
  also , these ships can be kinda nice for romulans since their normal ships do n't have warp cores or cruiser commands . 
  sigh ... 
  no , i 'm wondering if there are trans-men around here who enjoy wearing female clothing . 
  how does the 3p set bonus work exactly . 
  5 % chance from what ? 
   * kdf officer being unable to finish fluid dynamics for the undine/borg line . 
  ca n't enter the system . 
  yeah that 's the no . 
  1 most annoying bug for me right now since i kinda want to get the last of the delta recruit rewards . 
   ochiai did n't use the insect things on izana, 
  fyi , that was izanas grandmother . 
  [ manga spoilers ] ( / s `` iirc , the ochiai clone actually have the brain of the original ochiai and the original mind is still there but kept dormant or something '' ), 
  orly ? 
   * `` fluid dynamics '', 
   resolved an issue which was causing kdf captains to not be able to enter this episode . 
   resolved an issue where allies would sometimes not help the players . 
  soon i can finally get the last delta recruit rewards . 
  fyi , the [ dmg ] modifier is considered to be the worst of the 4 standard mods ( because of cryptic math shenanigans ) and because of that , fleet weapons are n't really that good . 
  iirc romulan plasma weapons with [ crtd ] x2 is supposedly one of the best options in the game so see if you can get some of those instead . 
  iirc they guy who was gon na do that was one of the people who got fired . 
  * eastern swedish sniper, 
  the `` loot drop system '', 
  basically , 99,99 % of the stuff that the enemies drop is utter shit and pretty much only useful as a source of ec . 
  what i would like is something like this, 
  * less common and uncommon item drops . 
  to compensate there should be more rare and vr item drops and/or enemies could just drop ec ( evenly shared in the team ) instead of crap items . 
  basically i just want less useless garbage dropping everywhere . 
  * enemies dropping appropriate items for their faction . 
  eg , dominion ships should drop polaron weapons , klingons disruptors etc etc. 
  each faction should also have a specific shield type ( like covariant ) and some consoles associated with them so you know what you 'll get and can farm specific enemies for specific item types .
