  i might ofc be wrong but i 'm pretty sure at least the range , damage and cost are supposed to be the same . 
  edit : got a silly idea . 
  what if firing a faust required 1 extra click . 
  atm , you start by choosing the faust , and then the target ( 2 clicks ) . 
  one of the grens will then get in range , pull out a faust and try to hit the target . 
  but what if it worked like this . 
  you start by pressing the faust button/hotkey ( 1st click ) . 
  but instead of emediately choosing a target , what will happen is that a gren will take out a faus and just carry it . 
  he will then be unable to use his rifle , but he 's ready to fire a faust . 
  you then press the faust ability again ( 2nd click ) when you want to actually fire it at something , and then click on the target ( 3rd click ) . 
  this way you could preemptively prepare a gren to fire a faust , making the whole firing process faster ( entire process takes as long as it does now ) at the cost of 1 less gren using his rifle for a while . 
   it 's an old naval tradition . 
  whoever 's in command of a ship , regardless of rank , is referred to as ` captain . ', 
   you mean if i had to take command , i would be called ` captain , ' too ? 
   cadet , by the time you took command , there 'd be nobody left to call you anything . 
  -- o'brien and nog, 
  season 6 , episode 4 : behind the lines, 
  yeah . 
  it could possibly also help fix the faction imbalance problem ( or make it worse ) if players were able to make a character for the underpopulated faction on a server and only have to worry about certs . 
  combined with some additional bonuses for playing as the underdogs i could imagine a lot of players creating new character to try out the other factions and for the underdog bonus . 
   i want some 88mm 's again , i loved those things in coh 1 :p . 
  so do i but i still suspect it has been replaced by the pak 43 . 
   there were n't many , if any , fallschirmjagers on the eastern front . 
  instead they should get ss troops , as they would be more fitting . 
  there were fallschirmj\u00e4gers on the east front , but most of them fought as normal infantry . 
   i would love to see a flakvierling 38 , but if they add it they better add the whirlbelwind as a parallel to the flak-track the ruskies have . 
  i was thinking about the stationary quad flak 38 ( the one pes could build iirc ) and the single barrel flak 38 that was used more as a support weapon in ww2 . 
   the sdkfz 251 could have it as an upgrade, 
  maybe as a doctrinal upgrade , but i think it would be better as a completely different vehicle like the mortar half track . 
  then they 'd had more control over its stats and cost . 
  maybe khan had some plastic surgery in one of the universes ( probably the ambramsverse ) . 
  concidering who he is it would probably have been a good idea for him to change his appearance and accent . 
  the latter should be pretty easy for someone like him . 
  could have been section 31s idea . 
  if they 're gon na give him a new identity they would n't just change his name . 
  another explanation could be that the tos khan was just tanned . 
  while it was kinda obvious , i still prefer it over how they brought spock back in the tos movies . 
  not that i do n't like those movies , it 's just that it felt too much like `` space magic '' . 
  i still think there should be a shield avaliable as a weapon for all factions maxs ( should be added together with the max melee weapons ) . 
  trade 50 % of your firepower forf extra protection against attacks to your front . 
  let 's say an engineer and a max came up with the idea of welding the shield from a mana turret to one of the maxs arms . 
  nc could still have a shield as their max ability as long as it 's not too similar . 
  tbh , i think they should get something more like a shield bubble , maybe even a fairly large one so that it could give some damage reduction to friendlies , or at least the maxs engineer bitch . 
   i preordered coh2 for 300 sek, 
  where ? 
  imo , it depends on the size of the game . 
  i pretty much only play 2v2 and 3v3 , and i think the russians have a slight advantage in the former and the germans in the latter . 
  one problem imo is that once the germans have enough heavy vehicles , it does n't matter if you have even more , because there 's not enough room for you to use them properly . 
  one thing i 've started to do recently when playing as the russians is to go for muntion rather than fuel , and mine everything . 
  it 's not the best of tactics and i kinda have to rely on my teammates in the early game as i will be building munition caches and wo n't have that many units . 
  but once i 'm ready there will be mines in every fucking chokepoint , around all the vulnerable points and all our vps . 
  near the fireplaces in winter maps , along random roads , around corners where tanks will likely take shortcuts or just wherever i feel like . 
  sometimes i will send a lone engineer squad on a mission behind enemy lines and just mine the roads . 
  a pz4 that hits a mine is pretty much guaranteed to get engine damage and lose about 50 % of its health , and thus will be much easier to kill , or more likel , withdrawn to be repaired , giving you some time to breathe ( and build more mines ) . 
  if you 're a european , make sure you make an soe account . 
  their . com site will try to redirect you to their . eu site if you try to make an account there . 
  making your account on the . eu site will result in you getting a so called pro7 account and by the amount of posts i 've seen with people complaining about them , you do n't want a pro7 account . 
  so if this happens , go to some other soe site , like www.soe.com and make an account there . 
  just figured it would be best to mention this before it 's too late . 
  edit : as mk101 mentioned , having a us or european account does n't affect which servers you have access to . 
  it just decided who will be running the out of game account related stuff . 
  while these are n't bugs , i still think the devs should `` fix '' them . 
  * the romulan consoles only work for warbirds . 
  this means that a romulan character using a lockbox/lobi ship will have much less consoles avaliable to use . 
  fed and kdf character will be able to use almost all the consoles from their c-store ships while romulans can only use the consoles from the low tier c-store ships of their allies . 
  they should make an exception for all the cross-faction ship . 
  * reman nemesis uniform is only usable by the remans . 
  it 's in the description and i did read it , but i still think it 's stupid to lock a uniform to a single race . 
  that 's like limiting the bajoran militia unfiroms and vedek robes to only bajorans . 
  how am i supposed to be able to make a shinzon clone ( for the scimitar pack ) without the uniform ? 
  was n't sure if i was gon na buy the game or not but at that price i think it 's ( hopefully ) worth it . 
  my guess would be russian counter artillery + him being pretty good at pulling it back before it died . 
  replace some of the words and it works for harassers as well . 
  strikers ( and fracture maxs and prowlers ) are the worst things ever when you 're in a small `` fragile '' buggy . 
  it sure as hell feels fragile when on the wrong end of a striker or the barrels of an anchored prowler . 
  wait ? 
  the harasser is an aircraft ? 
  edit : i did n't know that . 
  is there a list of vehicle stats somewhere ? 
  best i could find about health armor is [ this ] ( http://www.ps2calc.com/#vehicle1=lightning ) . 
  edit 2 : if the stats on ps2calc is correct , the lightning and harasser has very similar health ( 3000 vs 2500 ) but the lightning have thicker armor on the front , sides and top , but thinner in the rear . 
  so a lightning should be much more durable unless hit in the rear . 
  on the other hand the lightning sometimes handles like a freight container in rough terrain so i guess it 's easier to hit . 
  nothing ? 
  not even mortars ? 
  ( though you should n't be in range of those ), 
  my problem with gw is that the sphered seem to use their epte to get out of it , and sometimes reaching the transformer even faster . 
  yeah , imo it 's pretty much a panther that 's better vs infantry ( though if someone could link some stats that would be nice ) so it should n't be that much more expensive . 
  maybe 200 fuel or something . 
  edit, 
  looks like the is-2 has much thicker armor , same health , but is a bit slower . 
  on the other hand , it looks like the panthers gun is much better . 
  same damage but the panther has higher penetration and rof . 
  ( i could be reading the stats wrong , they 're not really easy to understand . ), 
  someone should make a nice spreadsheet with all the vehicle stats other than the weapons stats . 
  knowing how much damage a weapon does is n't really that useful ( beyond , high = good ) when you have no idea how much health and armor the different vehicles have . 
  * guards rifle infantry, 
  * hm-38 120mm mortar squad, 
  * shock troops, 
  * 53-k 45mm at gun squad ( 240 manpower at gun ),
