  you mean that the loadouts are removed completely ? 
  as in deleted from the list ? 
  have you contacted support , checked file integrity etc etc ? 
  cause personally i think you should focus more on solving this bug than using a suboptimal doff loadouts as a workaround . 
  i would say the atrox or the voth science vessel with a lot of flow cap consoles , polarized tetryon beams and tykens rift 3 . 
  poltet has a whole whooping 10 % proc chance for the shield damage proc instead of the normal 2,5 % so they 're ( afaik ) the best weapons when it comes to removing shields . 
  the atrox would also be able to use carrier pets that can help strip shields , like the stalker fighters , delta flyers or obelisk swarmers . 
  ofc the other ships would have advantages like more weapons and tac consoles making them better at stripping shields through firepower . 
  personally i do n't really know if ss is better than crf but i do know that i 'm able to melt stuff really really fast when using it . 
  one problem with ss though is that the tooltip does n't tell us everything we need to know . 
  ss decrease your rof by 50 % but increase your damage to compensate and i 've heard ( will check when i get home ) that the damage bonus is bigger than 100 % which would mean that even before taking crits and accuracy into account , ss is increasing your dps . 
  i 'll check some stuff and do some math when i get home . 
  also , since ss is apparently bugged and do phaser damage , some people might have had `` incorrect '' results when parsing . 
  personally i would pick the eclipse . 
  since it 's a full intel ship it 's a bit more different compared to normal cruisers . 
  the commander intel/engineering and lt. intel/science stations give you some interesting options many other ships do n't have , like using surgical strikes 2/3 in the commander seat for some really awesome single target damage with beams . 
  it also has the expose vulnerability thing which can be kinda nice . 
  the console is imo actually worth using since it will both damage nearby enemies and heal the eclipse and the mastery trait is pretty nice for anyone using engineering abilities a lot ( like with an a2b build ) . 
  well this is a pleasant surprise . 
  i kinda assumed it was just gon na be for the standard fed/kdf/rom ships . 
  i 'm also surprised that they have n't started simply selling ship materials for lets say 500 zen . 
  ^ ^ ^ knock ^ ^ ^ on ^ ^ ^ wood, 
  i assume you do n't really know what to use the ensign station for . 
  while i havent made any fhec build myself , my suggestion would be to put faw1 in that ensign station and then move around the other tac powers to make room for apo . 
  basically something like this . 
  commander tactical, 
  lieutenant tactical, 
  * apb 1, 
  ensign tactical, 
  from todays patch notes, 
  surgical strikes :, 
  * resolved an issue that was causing many weapons to deal phaser damage while this ability was active . 
  this means that the ss bug have n't been fixed yet but since they said `` many weapons '' i guess some damage types did n't have this bug . 
   same problem with the rom plas . 
  each of the torps fired can trigger the proj doffs . 
  o ___ o, 
  so using 2-3 vr projectile weapon specialists should basically turn it into a gatling-torpedo-launcher ? 
   still wondering about doffs tho , what would benefit me the most . 
  imo , 3x blue/purple [ deflector officers ] ( http://sto.gamepedia.com/specialization:_deflector_officer ) to reduce the cooldown of your drain abilities and a blue/purple gravimetric scientist to add the chance of spawning more tykens rifts . 
   also finally , if going tetryon , should i keep to one type , or mix ? 
  ( refracting , polarized , destabillizing , etc ), 
  in this case it does n't really matter since they all do the same damage type . 
  though personally i prefer to use only one type because of aesthetics . 
  yes the bonuses stack and the t5-u upgrade will also apply to the non-fleet version ( and vice versa ) . 
   you do n't need 3 copies of faw, 
  i think you misread my comment completely . 
  with '' / '' i mean `` or '' , as in i was giving him different suggestions on how to get 2xtt1 , 2xfaw , 2xapb and 1xapo, 
  by putting faw1 in the ensign slot he can then get rid of one of the other copies and them move some abilities around to make room for either apo1 or apo3 . 
  for example, 
  commander tactical, 
  * apb 2, 
  lieutenant tactical, 
  * apb 1, 
  ensign tactical, 
  yeah people told me when i wondered why the z-store had a ship costume category . 
  i just find it strange they stopped/didn ' t start again . 
  considering how much many of us care about how our ships look ( often more than our captains ) , selling some different fancy materials could have been a decent source of income . 
  well madmat has said that the amos model is getting updated and i guess op somehow got confused and thought this was a new picture . 
  yeah i noticed this as well . 
  i kinda feel sorry for their community managers . 
  not really relevant and i admit i ca n't see the whole picture , but i kinda get the feeling you should visit / r/stobuilds, 
  it looks like you 're mixing beams and cannons and you have 2 torp launchers . 
  i thought so too at first but since there 's also a singularity core we might get it some other way . 
  can someone check the info on one of the breen ship consoles and see if a 3rd piece has been added to that set as well ? 
  try right clicking on it and checking the info . 
  you can usually see the different set bonuses that way . 
   hi , i just installed game and looking for leveling advice . 
  play the episodes and do some duty officer assignments each day . 
   i ca n't decide between cruiser or escort . 
  well you get one free ship every 10 levels up to lvl 40 so just try both . 
  and once you 've reached lvl 40 you can also get the so called mirror universe ships relatively cheap from the exchange so you can still have both an escort and a cruiser later on . 
   i also need advice on a good leveling build and on what energy type . 
  tbh you really do n't have to care about that until like lvl 50 . 
  but the basic advice would be to simply use beam arrays of one damage type and the fire at will ability . 
  anyone got some pictures of the upgrade materials for ships like the atrox , d'kyr , varanus and other `` racial '' ships . 
  it 's pretty likely you wo n't need that many since they added a sort of alt-discount system with the summer event and i think it 's pretty likely we 'll get a similar discount for the winter event . 
  basically , during the summer event , once one character had unlocked the corvette or cruiser , all other characters could get it for just 40 pearls instead of 1000 . 
  last summer event . 
  ca n't find the blog but here 's the wiki page about the luxury cruiser . 
   1,000 are required to purchase the first cruiser and 40 are required for completion when using any other characters on the account . 
  this also applied to the risian corvette from the previous summer event so all my alts could get the corvette after just one run of the flying high daily mission each . 
  imo it 's pretty likely ( but not confirmed ) that they 'll add the same discount to the winter event ships this year . 
  well you would be able to get the carrier ( and the other two ships if you do n't already have them ) for all your characters in just one day . 
  then you can fly around , showing off your fancy carrier 24 days before us normal people start getting ours . 
  until the next winter event , and the one after that and so on . 
  you wo n't have to do the race again for several years ( depending on how many alts you have ) and still get the event ships before the rest of us . 
   do n't put universals in the tac slots . 
  i do n't understand how people can reach the point where they have t5-u ships with all kinds of fancy stuff on them but still do n't know basic stuff like this . 
  well i just think that having all that bling means you 've been playing for a while and at some point you should have learned how to make a decent build . 
  but browsing / r/stobuilds have showed me that this is false . 
   there does n't seem to be anything here, 
  kurland not here, 
  did i miss something ? 
  when did izana become captain ? 
  i 've managed to bomb my own units a few times by somehow accidentally selecting fire position with an aircraft and then tried to select some ground unit . 
  incendiary cluster munition !, 
   we 're a subreddit that discusses builds for star trek online set-ups ( ** mostly ** ship builds ) . 
  so yeah , you can discuss ground builds here as well , it 's just that we rarely do that because most people do n't really care that much about ground combat . 
  what would you like to know ? 
  is n't the secret unit supposed to be a non-scandinavian unit ?
