  like a better knife , longer range , more damage , possibly the ability to hit several enemies at once , but at the cost of your pistol and taking longer to get out than the knife . 
  in most cases it would be a weapon of last resort or if you 're a sniper infiltrator , your short range weapon , pretty much the role as both the pistol and the knife sat the same time . 
  but if you can catch your enemies unaware and get in melee range you should be rewarded by the sword being more effective than most default guns , mostly due to not having to be reloaded after 2-3 kills . 
  for example , engineers behind their turrets , infiltrators sniping , aa maxs , heavy assaults shooting missiles at stuff . 
  all those would be perfectly viable targets for a sneaky light assault or infiltrator attacking an enemy base . 
  or if you 're really lucky/brave/stupid you could try to get into a larger group of enemies and wreak as much havoc as possible before dying . 
  crap , we agree on something . 
   making it a warhammer makes no sense . 
  i chose the warhammer because it would fit nc pretty well , both in design and gameplay . 
  it 's a big solid chunk of metal on a metal stick . 
  slow and hard hitting . 
  and it fits their rebel worker theme . 
  and about power weapons , according to the lore , both the nc mag cutter and vs force-blade are pretty similar to wh40k power weapons , just a lot less flashy . 
  force bladee, 
  `` secondary mode activates the powered force edge of the blade , doubling the damage per stab , but also creating a distinctive and clearly audiable noise as it does so . '', 
  mag cutter, 
  `` secondary mode activates the powered magnetic edge of the blade , doubling the damage per stab , but also creating a distinctive and clearly audible noise as it does so . '', 
  and this is from the planetside universe wiki about the ps2 force blade, 
  `` the vanu sovereignty 's force-blade emits highly charged particles from its cutting edge which are extremely destructive to organic tissue . '', 
  so using this technology for large hightech melee weapons would n't that unlikely . 
  and about melee weapons not making any sense , this is n't just about sense . 
  it 's about fun and feeling cool , just like the zebra cammo , hood ornaments and skull masks we already have . 
  would n't surprise me at all if they 're having sex , asexuals can apparently still enjoy sex and mastrubation , and have sex for their partners sake . 
  they just do n't feel the desire to have sex the same way we do . 
  edit : i accidentally a very important do n't, 
  you 're right . 
  i accidentally a word while rephrasing the last sentence ,, 
  picard or q. 
  picard because you know why . 
  q because every time he showed up in tng you knew it would be a good episode . 
  i was in an outfit called lolwoods vanu battalion and they recruited simply by mass inviting pretty much anyone who joined their platoon . 
  with 600 ish members it was easy to get a full platoon any time of the day and people usually followed orders , especially since the platoon leader would kick anyone who did n't . 
  tldr : invite anyone you see . 
  then rule your platoons with an iron fist . 
  and [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rhrdlnsnwv0&amp;feature=youtu.be ) is how not to make a commercial for your school . 
  did he say anything about swords ? 
  but imagine if we could have swords as a secondary weapon . 
  sneaky cloaky bastards with swords . 
  pretty much exactly like that guy yes . 
  the new tactic is to rush the crown with a full platoon of magriders , not stopping for anything until we reach the top . 
  it tends to keep the defenders busy long enough for the infantry and sunderers to push up . 
  do it . 
  also , quicksave with f5 so you do n't have to do repeat the launch everytime you screw up . 
  i think they should change the role of the rocket and add bombs to cover their current role . 
  rockets should be the all-round weapon and bombs the a2g weapons . 
  reduce the damage of rockets and increase their speed instead , so hittings things would be easier and they would be better for dogfighting . 
  then give us some old school bombs that require more skill and risk to use properly , but if you can hit a tank with them the ttk would be much shorter than with the current rockets . 
  i wonder when the station cash transfer/gifting will become avaliable . 
  the faq says `` station cash is non-transferable and currently non-giftable ; however , soe is working on features to allow players to gift station cash to other players and friends in the future . '', 
  but i found threads almost a year old about it so i 'm not really sure how far into the future it will take . 
  said the nc guy . _ . 
  that does n't really help us europeans now does it ? 
  hmmmm , now i wa n't some places that can only be crossed by light assaults , atvs and peole using sunderers as bridges . 
  imagine defending a base and realizing that the attackers are crossing the moat on one of the flanks by using a sundy as a bridge , and now you have to destroy said sundy to fix the breach . 
  and while on the topic of bridges , please add some destroyable bridges soe , that can be rebuilt with some mechanized resources . 
  well i was rather just thinking about some of the already existing bridges becoming partially destroyable . 
  engineers on any team should be able to repair a damaged bridge with their repair tool for free , but one it is destroyed , it should cost some resources to rebuild and maybe take a few minutes during which it could be easily destroyed again . 
  maybe some beams would remain intact at the hole so infantry could run across , but vehicles would have to find another way across or wait . 
  it would be kinda like the anti-vehicle force fields we see all the time , but affecting all teams equally . 
  it would also add elements like scorched earth and sabotage to the game . 
  sooo ... you 're saying that mordor is in denmark ? 
  while on the topic , we need a geth pistol to complete the set . 
  yeah , the mbt abilites are kinda useless at lower levels , especially the prowlers deploy . 
  it should be something like a 30 % bonus at lvl 1 and 50 % at max level , and similar buffs for the magrider and vanguards abilites . 
  i do n't know how to buff the current gun , but i do know that i want more turrets with different guns . 
  20mm mg , 30mm mg and 40mm gl turrets . 
  they would act pretty much exactly as their vehicle variants . 
  the 30mm would have a 360 degree firing arc but the inability to aim downwards , like the skyguard turret . 
  that way it wo n't take over the anti-infantry role from the .50 cal mg . 
  you like laying both engy and ha ? 
  battlerifle , all the way . 
  it 's like a hybrid breed between the bolt action snipers and assault rifles . 
  nah , a galaxy with 2x 150mm daltons and 2x skyguards would be the most op thing ever . 
  i think the battlerifles are for engy and ha only . 
  probably because las with it would be op as fuck . 
  quasi-snipers with jetpacks camping from places no one else can get to . 
  i suggestied something similar a few months ago . 
  if auraxium ever makes a comeback it would be perfect for things like this . 
  it could be something only outfits had any use for , to buy big things like titans and ships . 
  some outfit should totally do that , convince all members to get a gun for the flash and then roam around in 48 man flash platoons . 
  even better if they all get the turbo , even though it 's kinda expensive nowdays . 
  i guess they could swap between buggies and atvs as they wait for the timer . 
  when they also add some sort of 6 man jeep the harrasment squad will be complete . 
  if it 's an outfit only unit , i think controls should fall to the outfit leader and whoever he decides . 
  well i would imagine the `` controls '' of something as big as this being more like the controls of a bf2142 titan , click on map and chose `` move there '' . 
   vehicle horns would be a nice feature and would help alert infantry on the ground and encourage them to move out of your way . 
  they could also sell special vehicle horns for station cash . 
  for example a [ dixie horn ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gngtgg9rlmw ) for maybe 250-500 sc . 
  would go well with the zebra camo , special lights , decals and hood ornaments . 
  ride of the valkyries require a more huey like aircraft , like a 5-7 man troop transport with guns at the sides . 
  probably because it doesnt look very terran . 
  and swords as unlockable secondary weaposn . 
  auraxium should make a comeback just for this and then these could cost something like 30k of each normal resource and 100k auraxium . 
  i 'd be willing to have no main weapon if i could have a pistol + sword combo , but otherwise i 'd prefer it as a secondary weapon . 
  well it looks pretty much the same as the [ planetside 1 prowler ] ( http://wiki.planetside-universe.com/ps/images/c/cf/origpsprowler.jpg ) except that they gave it a ps1 vanguard turret with 2 cannons . 
  and i agree it does n't look very good but ukitakumukis prowler doesnt fit into planetside at all . 
  looks more like an ns tank than a tr tank . 
  until you run into a heavy assault or a mana turret . 
  swords should be mostly a last resort weapon , like the current pistols except maybe for situations like fighting in a biolab , assaulting the crown or boarding a hostile carrier . 
  though maxs with a sword + shield combo would be very useful when attacking fortified positions .
