  tbh i kinda wish they would change most/all queues with a minimum time requirement to something like that . 
  do admiralty stuff on 3 characters and then check the exchange for potential profits . 
  do you have a poison ship on the map ? 
  for some reason their poison affect even plants in hydroponic bays . 
  i would like some new types of clothing ( like shoes and gloves ) and some changes to how clothing protects against cold . 
  imo , an uncovered part of the body should be vulnerable to frostbite even if the rest of the body is covered in legendary wool clothing . 
  that does n't mean you should need to cover every body part in wool to survive in -100 c weather like on 8887 , even some `` poor cloth mittens '' should be good enough to protect the hands against frostbite even in extreme cold . 
  when it comes to shoes i would like a new stat , some form of rough terrain modifier that affects how much a colonist is slowed down by walking on stuff like snow , mud and other types of terrain with a movement speed penalty . 
  some shoes should also give a movement speed bonus . 
  some ideas for shoe types, 
  * basic shoes : small speed bonus and decent in rough terrain . 
  * sneakers : fairly high speed bonus , decent in rough terrain . 
  * boots : good in rough terrain , decent protection against damage ( at least if made out of good materials ) . 
  * winter boots : good protection against cold , good in rough terrain , small movement speed penalty . 
  * combat boots : made out of metal , very good protection against damage , decent in rough terrain , kinda significant speed penalty . 
  and some glove types, 
  * basic glove : minor protection against cold . 
  * mittens : good protection against cold , some protection against damage , medium work speed penalty . 
  * leather gloves : some protection against cold , decent protection against damage , very small work speed penalty . 
  * fingerless leather gloves : same as above but does n't protect the fingers and does n't have a work speed penalty . 
  * metal gloves : very good protection against damage , bonus to hand to hand combat damage , very high work speed penalty . 
  edit : i also really really want some material filters for stockpiles , the electric melting thing , the crematorium and colonist outfit settings . 
  i 'm pretty fond of my plasma torp build . 
  not terribly expensive and should work for any small craft . 
  [ particle emission plasma torpedo launcher ] ( http://sto.gamepedia.com/particle_emission_plasma_torpedo_launcher ) + [ romulan hyper-plasma torpedo launcher ] ( http://sto.gamepedia.com/romulan_hyper-plasma_torpedo_launcher#romulan_hyper-plasma_torpedo_launcher ) with 3 purple projectile weapons doffs result in a constant spam of torpedoes since the romulan hyper plasma torp fires in bursts of 3 torps and each one has a chance to trigger the cooldown reduction from the doffs . 
  combine it with ts1 and you can do quite a lot of damage , especially on atmospheric assault . 
  edit : remember to put the hyper-torp in the right weapon slot cause weapons are fired from left to right so if the hyper-torp is in the left weapon slot the other torp wo n't get used very often . 
  you can swap the emission torp for some other torp if you like ( i would recommend another aoe torp though ) and either use a generic torp damage tac console or some interesting universal console as rodentmaster suggested . 
  people called me crazy when i said i wanted some form of carrier based on the jupiter-class design and now it 's almost here ( basically ) and it 's beautiful !, 
  suck it / u/purplebanner !, 
   seven ships were to be created organically , but the eighth was designed with some cues from the jupiter class in mind . 
  they even named the ship in the last picture u.s.s. 
  jupiter, 
  scimitar, 
  imo the best solution would be new ec-sinks that people would actually bother with but not annoying stuff like docking fees . 
  here are some ideas . 
  * expensive but good consumables . 
  like batteries and stuff that would cost ec to buy or craft but are worth it for the rich and dps-hungry players . 
  * maybe even turn some of the stupid lobi store consumables that i 'm 99 % sure pretty much no one bothers with into really expensive consumables . 
  * new doff assignments that cost quite a lot ec but also have rewards that are actually worth the cost , like some fancy gear or really good doffs . 
  eg , you have to pay 100k ec to run the assignment but even with a normal success you 'll get an item that would sell for more than that on the exchange . 
  * instantly repair/heal injuries when not in a mission for a fee . 
  i know i would use this just to save time . 
  * the option to use ec instead of dil for some stuff , like maybe fleet gear and reputation stuff . 
  * the ability to bet way more ec when playing dabo . 
  * player competitions with entry fees . 
  even if the reward itself would be ec it could still be less than the total entry fee amount . 
  i 'm pretty sure there could be a lot more ways to add ec-sinks that people would actually like . 
  considering how much ec people are earning nowadays i do n't think most people would mind spending some on some fancy consumable items . 
  the ec-sinks should be small so a lot of people spend their money on them rather than some rare expensive item that only the 1 % would bother getting . 
  in one of my first attila campaigns i was playing as the geats and decided to try out this migration thing . 
  after a couple of turns of strange shenanigans i ended up settling down in egypt , resulting in my bringing down the wrath of the ere & co upon me . 
  a few battles later and things were looking grim , but i was n't defeated quite yet . 
  i had some decent units , some newly recruited mercenaries and i was gon na defend alexandria . 
  then some shitty fucking northern germanic tribe i had encountered on my way south showed up with several full stacks , ready to help the ere to rid the world of my existence . 
  apparently they simply could not let things go and had chased me all the way across the balkans , greece , the mediterranean down to egypt . 
  been on fin for almost 7 months and minoxidil + keto schampoo for about 6 months and so far i 'm satisfied . 
  the most noticeable difference is that i no longer shed hair everywhere . 
  my desk and keyboard at work used to get mysteriously covered in hair out of nowhere and that has definitely stopped . 
  i also believe i 'm seeing some regrowth . 
  if i look closely enough i can see quite a lot of vellus hair that i do n't think were there before so hopefully my hairline will be improving at least a little bit in the future . 
  problem is that my hair is kinda long and my phone has a somewhat shitty camera so i could just be imagining things since i have n't been documenting the changes properly and i ca n't really see what 's actually going down under my hair except at the front . 
  but that thing is a tank-destroyer and not a tank . 
  one pretty nice advantage for romulans is that they get access to their allies small crafts ( and their t1-4 ships ) which is especially nice for fed romulans who own or are willing to buy some c-store small crafts . 
  been on fin + minox + keto for about 7 months and the most noticeable change is that after just a few months , my desk and keyboard at work stopped getting mysteriously covered in hair ( like as if a group of cats with my hair color lived in there when i was n't around ) so that 's a good sign . 
  i also think i 'm seeing regrowth around hairline . 
  unfortunately my phone has a shitty camera so i have n't bothered documenting the changes properly but there are both quite a lot of 1 ish cm hairs and a lot of vellus hairs that i 'm fairly sure are new . 
  and did n't it also have high yield torpedoes before ? 
  tbh i kinda like it better now , aoe abilities ftw . 
  how ? 
  you can pretty much just walk through 90 % of the race and win as long as you cut most of the corners . 
  do you play on an ancient computer with 56k internet ? 
  edit : maybe record your attempts and upload them to youtube so we can tell what you 're doing wrong . 
  i would n't mind the rentals if they were a bit better . 
  some ideas on how to improve them . 
  * first of all we should be able to activate them like we do with boosters . 
  1h rental is already kinda shitty but if you only logged in to get the daily reward and do n't have time to play atm then it 's completely wasted . 
  * make it longer than 1 hour or give us several 1h rental card thingies . 
  * combine the rental vehicle with a decent discount for it . 
  * give rentals a very high rp bonus so that the hour ( s ) we get to use them is useful for grinding towards a new vehicle . 
  * a new empire total war with maybe a longer time period ( 1600 starting date maybe ) and some dlcs focusing on more limited areas and time periods ( like the 30 year war , crimean war , messing around in the new world ) like fots , caesar in gaul and charlemagne . 
  * a new medieval total war but with a larger campaign map to the east , like parts of india and china . 
  the mongols could be more like a normal faction instead of a scary event and we could have some extra asian influences . 
  yeah a hammer + magic item combo is something i would want for a wp . 
  i would like something kinda like the righteous fury system from warhammer online . 
  deal and take damage to fuel your righteous fury bar that you then use for various divine magic stuff . 
  instead of a ranged weapon the wp could have a few magic buff items to choose between with 2 abilities each . 
  * a healing item with a minor heal ability that 's mostly just useful for stopping bleeding and a form of instant revive ability that takes a lot of rf to use but can revive an ally at a distance . 
  * a defense buff item with something like a stamina buff as the minor ability and a damage reduction aura as the major ability . 
  * an offense buff item with something like a knockback buff as the minor ability and some form of major damage/armor penetration buff for melee weapons as the major ability . 
  the hammer + magic item abilities could be more crowd control oriented or something or maybe something like a very powerful hammerblow that require some rf . 
  i would like a t6 `` miranda '' if it 's a completely new cruiser with some major inspirations from the miranda , kinda like the new jupiter carrier with the old jupiter dreadnought . 
  [ pretty much this ship ] ( http://mark-rademaker.blogspot.se/2011/07/uss-planck-my-sotl2012-entry.html ) ( thanks for the link human kumquat ) . 
  like a light assault cruiser or an advanced light cruiser . 
  very agile but fairly fragile ( for a cruiser ) with decent tactical capabilities . 
  the boff layout could be something like commander eng , lt.com tac , lt.com sci , lt universal and maybe a ensign universal ( maybe also a pilot spec station somewhere since it should be a small and agile ship ) . 
  4/4 weapon layout + the ability to use dual cannons and a 4 eng , 3 sci and 3 tac console layout . 
  restrict your dwarves to some burrows away from the wool to make them stop fighting , lock the doors so they ca n't start fighting each other again and then use cage traps to slowly but surely catch all the zombie wool . 
  * more classes , especially a warrior priest of sigmar ( instead of aranged weapon he/she could have some buff item that is powered by hitting skavens with a hammer ) . 
  * more special attacks like the rapiers pistol attack .
