  indeed . 
  and not just for tanks . 
  apc/ifvs , transport helicopters and maybe even some infantry units should imo have access to some sort of smoke . 
  eg , the lvtps in [ this album ] ( http://imgur.com/a/m0pym ) seem to emit quite a lot of smoke . 
  something like that could make mid-tier transports more useful . 
  well i was thinking more along the lines of deploying a smoke screen when landing to unload/load troops , not as a form of aa-countermeasure of any kind . 
  edit : i googled a bit and it looks like this was just something they made for the uh-1 iroquois . 
  though a lot of blufor actually use it so maybe a special uh-1 with smoke launchers could be added as a troop transport . 
   my weapons would start to fire ,, 
  i have one of my weapons on 1 in the tray so by simply pressing 1 i can toggle my weapons on and off . 
  i also have `` non-combat cancels '' in the autofire option so they will also stop as soon as i 'm not in combat . 
   fleet modules are crazy expensive ( 100.000.000 ), 
  last time i checked the price they cost something like 6 mil each ... 
  they cost 5 mil when i bought my fleet excelsior, 
   i think that if everything is suddenly able to deploy smoke, 
  absolutely not everything , but i think that the ability to deploy smoke should be available for more units . 
  for example some of the mid-tier transports . 
  personally i tend to pick either the cheapest transport ( or the cheapest with 150 km/h road-speed ) or something that can actually fight . 
  the mid-tier transports that maybe has some extra armor , amphibious capabilities or a bit more firepower are imo not really worth the cost , but if some of them , like the lvtp got some smoke launchers i might consider them worth the extra points . 
  btw , you can remove the borg console visuals by right clicking on it and choose `` disable visuals '' . 
  ( ofc you might already know that and actually like the look but still ), 
   remember when ... 
   `` stuff '', 
  this kinda sounds like when i last played . 
  i guess things have changed . 
  maybe i should install coh2 again if i get tired of wargame : red dragon . 
  romulan-plasma weapons could be worth trying out since you 'll get a ton of them ( mostly mk xi though ) if you do the romulan reputation grind . 
  they do plasma damage and have both the plasma and disruptor procs . 
   3beam and 1torpedo instead of 2/2, 
  that 's what most people ( afaik ) use . 
  3 beams and 1 torp both fore and aft . 
  iirc , with more than 6 beams , the increase in power drain outweighs the extra pewpew . 
  ofc there are exceptions but it 's a decent rule of thumb . 
   ofc there are exceptions but it 's a decent rule of thumb . 
  the experimental plasma beam is one of those exceptions . 
  6 beams + 2 torps is still imo the basic build until you get something better . 
  tell people when you call in artillery or an airstrike . 
  less friendly fire and overkill that way . 
  i usually play 10v10 and it 's pretty common for several players to have the same good idea at the same time , resulting in stuff like 100 tonnes of explosives being dropped on the same target . 
  also , if you have some good recon helicopter ( ka-52 , ninja etc ) it can sometimes be a good idea to fly around in your allies sectors . 
  sometimes you 'll spot stuff their ground recon could n't . 
  indeed, 
  i gave them another chance recently and when i tried to bomb some ninjas in a forest the missiles just flew up into the sky and disappeared . 
  the meteors exploding over russia and canada are actually just rb05 missiles returning to earth after a visit to pluto or something . 
   british & american avre & m728cev gun fixed , they used to hit all the time . 
  well that would explain some things ... 
  probably the salvage catalyst i bought in 2010-11 . 
  the reason it 's my oldest ship is because it came with large salvage rigs which means it 's older than my own character . 
  armored subsystems augment . 
  would give each system 1 extra `` power '' bar except it can not actually be powered . 
  maybe they should actually make a combat industrial class that would look like a normal industrial to everyone else . 
  like an eve [ q-ship ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/q-ship ) . 
  overview , d-scan , etc etc says it 's an iteron mk v but in fact it 's an [ insert greek mythology name ] with a brick tank and the dps of a thorax . 
  edit : tbh , a disguise module would be a better idea so that we can disguise our pewpew-ships as something less scary . 
  just imagine tackling a bestower only to find out it 's actually a curse . 
   drop the sk 60b , replace with ajs 37 viggen ( cluster bombs for anti tank ) 30 % accuracy on antitank missiles is just not worth it . 
  actually they 're not atgms , they 're he missiles similar to 500 kg bombs . 
  the reason they 've sucked so much was revealed in the latest patch notes . 
   sk-60b with rb05 missile fixed , it used to lose control immediately after being fired . 
   this makes it very risky for the enemy to call in artillery or airstrikes against your infantry , as it will likely hit his own troops as well . 
  unless they 're reservists . 
  i often use reservists in towns and then call in artillery near or even on their position when they start to get overwhelmed . 
   if you were exposed in space you 'd probably snap-freeze before the vacuum kills you . 
  not really, 
  well obviously there would have the be restrictions . 
  like , without a script , you can only disguise as something of the same size , tech level and race . 
  then there 's + size , - size , tech scripts , racial scripts etc etc, 
  for example , without a script , an omen could disguise as any t1/navy amarr cruiser or industrial, 
  with a + size script it could disguise as any t1/navy amarr battlecruiser, 
  with - size , any t1/navy amarr destroyer, 
  with a tech script , any t2/t3 amarr cruiser or industrial, 
  then there 's 1 script for each race + 1 non-empire script for pirate factions , ore etc etc, 
  i intend to use it for an a2b build ... 
  imo they should make a `` t5 conny '' with identical stats to the t1 conny . 
  the only difference should be the price ( 2500 zen ) and level requirement ( lvl 50 ) , making it a t5 ship . 
  mmmmmaybe a special shiny ship material . 
  that way , anytime anyone begs for a t5 conny everyone else can just point at it to shut them up . 
  well i got the idea a few years ago and each time i post it i `` improve '' it a bit . 
  the special console should be a `` kirk console '' that replace the normal ship computer voice with shatner . 
  only usable with the `` t5 '' conny . 
  how so ? 
  with an a2b build i only need 1x commander tactical to cycle the powers i need all the time and i would have a better tank . 
  explain how running a2b with this ship would be nerfing myself, 
   3 ) rom sro is non-trivial and you can have 2 ( sometimes 3 ) by not a2b ` ing, 
  could you explain why you ca n't have an a2b build and sro boffs ? 
  iirc , op is basically using the spacebar for everything so timing a2b might be a bit tricky . 
   is there any artillery that fire continuously instead of 5 or so at a time ? 
  yes , like half of the normal howitzers . 
  for your us deck , get at least one card of light riflemen 90 . 
  at least for me , their 1,9 km range atgms make them extremely useful due to the us lack of a proper atgm infantry unit . 
  replace one of the recon vehicles with recon infantry . 
  i would also try to get some plane with better availability . 
  losing your only fighter/bomber/sead plane can pretty much cripple you . 
  iirc , there 's a multi-role harrier that costs 65 points that had 3 in availability . 
  also , is it just me or is there something strange about the unit count ? 
  did they change the availability of most us units in the last two days ? 
  cause i 'm pretty sure i could get more units per card than in that picture . 
  aw yiss ... 
  hopefully we 'll be able to call them in even without a naval corridor ( cause i assume they 'll be in the naval category ) so we can use them to counter early game naval rushes . 
  forgot about up-vetting .
