  the crossbow could use more damage , a higher headshot multiplier or a special + + damage ammo type . 
  considering the range , rof etc i do n't think it would be op if it could ohk more classes with headshots . 
  the sound of the basilisk and kobalt . 
  they 're 20 mm and .50 cal ffs . 
  that 's the point, 
  exactly . 
  currently the lasher is almost useless if the enemies have the higher ground , or vanu forbid , are flying . 
  the vehicles have a sort of protection field that is supposed to push friendlies away in a somewhat gentle manner . 
  unfortunately there is something wrong with the iff so instead it tries to protect enemies and crush allies . 
  ns did attempt to fix the problem but their hotfix resulted in the tanks iff being reversed instead . 
  this did fix the original problem in a sort of double negative way ( double iff reversal ) but it resulted in a lot of friendly fire and everyone agreed that some occational vehicular manslaughter was preferable . 
  the first two seasons of ds9 are kinda ... meh . 
  but so are the first two seasons of tng , voyager and enterprise . 
  the main problem with ds9 is that they 're not trekking . 
  fortunately it makes up for it with its story arcs , character development and spending some time fleshing out the klingons , ferengi and cardassians . 
  this gave me another idea . 
  hazardous enviroments, 
  several different types of `` natural '' hazards , some of which vehicles could be immune or resistant against . 
  some could be temporary continent wide stuff , like a blizzard , or a solar flare burst thingie . 
  some could be constant local hazards , like a radioactive crater or some pools of weak acid . 
  some could be temporary local hazards that are very dangerous , like a small volcanic eruption or a flood . 
  while the infantry are freezing , burning , melting etc most vehicles just carry on as normal , possibly with some limited vision and minor damages but nothing too bad . 
  and now i have another thread to make ... 
  well they did say they 're just experimenting and that there will be other ways than aur to aquire them , so when/if they implement a proper system the prices could be much lower . 
   ground to air lockons require at least 4 hits to set an esf on fire, 
  i just wish they could manage to find a balance between the overpowered 99 % hit chance lock-ons and the retarded `` fly straight to intercept , through your teammate '' lock-on . 
  currently they just swap between the op and up version once in a while . 
  they should behave more like the op version but with some limits to how fast they can turn so that it 's possible to dodge them with some advanced aerial acrobatics . 
   mana av turret - reduced splash damage and also dumb fire or reduction in range or damage reduction, 
  personally i would prefer it if they just removed it and refunded people . 
  missile spamming is the has role . 
  possibly , turn it into a light at gun or something . 
  other things i would like changed, 
  * lasher . 
  make the damn thing lash . 
  * a huge increase in health for mbts and lightnings in exchange for a mobility kill mechanism . 
  i would at least like something like that tested on the pts . 
  * diversification of the factions infantry weapons ( especially carbines , ars and lmgs ) . 
  tr and nc should be like polar opposites with vs in the middle . 
  something like trs carbines and ars doing 125-143 damage , vs 143-167 and nc 167-200 but with the rof , recoil , accuracy and mag sized etc etc changed to balance them . 
  not very likely in the next update but maybe someday . 
  * something that would allow the crossbow to ohk other classes than infiltrators with headshots . 
  more damage , a higher hs modifier or a new ammo type . 
  give them higher rof , he rounds or better accuracy . 
   i forgot to mention the av stationary turrets are just too good against infantry , they should fire ap rounds that have very little to no splash . 
  afaik they do fire ap rounds with a very small aoe . 
  the main problem is that they 're really really accurate . 
   3 : game expansion, 
   stuff, 
  imo they should focus more on just creating new stuff and not as much on `` themed '' updates and deadlines . 
  i would even be ok with stuff like them adding a new es weapon , for one faction , as long as they give the other factions some equivalent later on . 
  i also think they should try outsourcing some stuff to the community . 
  i 'm pretty sure there 's plenty of people in the community willing to work for free just because they love ps2 . 
  and not just helmets and camos , but stuff like new weapon models , a better prowler etc etc. 
   people seem to ignore the fact that vanguards are only good in close range where those x seconds are crucial . 
  long range the vanguard is a pretty bad tank , it needs to get close to excel . 
  the vanguard has the best long range cannon so yeah no . 
   magriders are mobile and hard to hit at long range ( strafe ) making them better ( the best long range tank ), 
  the magrider has the lowest projectile velocity and most drop . 
  so yeah no . 
   prowlers rely too much on he and lockdown in bad situations ( tr just uses it to farm infantry mostly ) . 
  lockdown ap prowlers are scary as fuck and afaik pretty damn common . 
   yes vanguard shield is good but so is the magrider afterburn and being able to climb hills/strafe, 
  sure we can strafe , but you have thicker armor . 
  because our trait is mobility and your trait is durability . 
   you people also forget the big cooldown vanguard shield has . 
  i guess you 've never used the magburner . 
  1 second of + 50 kmh speed and then a 40-60 second cooldown . 
   you also forget the vanguard is big and slow . 
  the magrider is bigger and slower ... 
  though we 're slightly faster in rough terrain since we can hover . 
  the only ship i like the borg visuals on is my adapted battlecruiser , but that just makes sense . 
  i wish we had some cosmetic slots like in starbound , or that aquiring an item with a visual effect unlocked it for the ship customization . 
  or maybe cryptic should finally start using that ship costume category in the z-store . 
  innacrurate spotting would be awesome, 
  though there should be some different symbols depending on how many enemies there are . 
  maybe more enemies = bigger more flashy dorito, 
   the single burster was crap yeah , but there was nothing stopping people from pulling like , 10 of those things and wrecking the opposition . 
  yeah ... 
  i remember in the beta ( or was it alpha ? ), 
  when anti-air = mana turrets , lmgs and dumbfire launchers . 
  anyone who had unlocked lolpods was a god , able to simply fly around and smite us filthy infantry plebians . 
  imo , one of the problems when it comes to the air vs infantry balance is how easy it is for infantry to pull aa weapons out of their asses when they need them . 
  if i get killed by liberators or esfs , i will respawn as a ha with my trusted nemesis . 
  infantry vs anything is like rock-paper-scissor where infantry can go `` sciss ... oh , you chose rock , i totally meant paper '' . 
  [ this basically sums up my reaction ] ( http://weknowmemes.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/11/i-need-dis-cat-1024x366.jpg ), 
   the sooner the nerf bat gets wielded , the better . 
  imo they should do it the other way around and do something like buffing aux-power for non-science stuff . 
  weapon , shield and engine power is pretty much always useful for any build while axuliary barely provide any benefit for non-science ships . 
  it could be something like aux power improving your sensors/targeting systems , giving you an accuracy bonus , or a bonus to structural integrity , shields etc etc , making you a bit more durable . 
  maybe the effect from cruiser commands could depend on your aux power , like + / -2 % per power over/under 50 . 
   i think the devs ' concern is that it 'd make some of the more specialized weapons ( like the skyguard , for instance ) much more powerful and much more common . 
  exactly !, 
  imo this is one of the main problems with infantry atm and personally i think it would be better to limit the infantrys ability to change class and loadout whenever they want rather than give the same ability to vehicles . 
  force us to commit to our choice for a while . 
  if i recently changed to engineer to repair something i should n't be able to swap back to ha and pull an g2a launcher out of my ass as soon as some esfs or libs appear . 
  a lot of stuff in this game is like rock-paper-scissors but the ability to change class/loadout all willy nilly is like going `` sciss ... oh , you chose rock ... 
  i totally meant paper . '', 
  another thing they could do is to make stuff like the skyguard less specialized . 
  buff it against infantry and light vehicles or something .
