  x1 =  devastation , slaughter . 
  heavy missile pod turret :, 
  x1 =  acheron x2 =  desolator, 
  super-heavy missile pod turret :, 
  creation of varied new macro-turrets that split the old macro-turrets in different types . 
  the only difference is the range . 
  slaughter cruiser speed increased by 50 . 
  missile pods rate of fire is now 6 . 
  twin-linked battery rate of fire is now 3 . 
  heavy macro-battery now have 8 attacks instead of 12 . 
  twin-linked batteries of the devastation replaced by lance batteries . 
  macro battery rate of fire is now 5 . 
  heavy macro battery rate of fire is now 6 . 
  all point costs have been revised accordingly . 
  some `` ignore enemy armour '' changed to `` ignore most of the enemy armour '' . 
  many corrections to tooltips and texts . 
  sound effects on clicks in campaign added . 
  matchmaking now tries to match admirals with similar levels, 
  not for me at least , only got one so far . 
   the in one is amazing . 
  it has an 120 second cool down and summons a free cobra class escort that has the effects of whatever skills you have bought for the cobra . 
  did they change that it the latest patch because all my summoned cobras did n't get their upgrades . 
  have pretty much only played orks since the patch though so i dunno if this is still the case . 
  also i think they changed the cd from 150 seconds to 180 seconds . 
  the mechanicus favor is imo pretty good for light cruisers and cruisers since they can really benefit from the extra skill slot and the extra upgrade slot is also really nice . 
  the inquisition favors skill bonus looks pretty good on paper and i know from experience from being on the receiving end that the identification ability can be pretty useful , at least if you have several inquisition ships like my opponents did . 
  i guess the imperial navy favor could be useful if you end up facing a full slaanesh fleet sometime . 
  they do n't get any xp for that battle and sometimes they get the crew replacement debuff which means that in its next battle the ship wo n't get any xp for that battle either and wo n't benefit from the crew skill . 
  i prefer da bad moon clan or whatever it 's called . 
  the +1 upgrade slot is pretty much useful for any ship and the super lightning strike ability can be really hilarious and powerful when it succeeds . 
  the nova kannon you get from the axe dudes favor is also pretty neat but the 25 % chance to explode plus thata if/when it explodes it takes out the prow torpedo/cannon makes it kinda annoying and the ability to use running silent is n't really worth it either . 
  though it can be nice to have one light cruiser ith thise favor . 
  i guess the goff favor is also pretty nice but imo the orks are already good enough at ramming and boarding . 
  i think that macro upgrades apply to the missiles turrets , or at least the range upgrade seem to ( it did for my carnage cruiser , the missile turret went from 9000 to 12000 in range ) . 
  the dark eldar might be a bit tricky though since apparently they only have two ship types ( though with customization like the orks ) , a cruiser and an escort . 
  could n't you just have used some renown to repair a light cruiser or something ? 
  should only cost 50 renown . 
  the replace thing is basically just for changing the ship type . 
  it even keeps the level , crew skill and favor of the previous ship and will remain destroyed , damaged or lost in warp . 
  but yeah , it is shitty that you do n't get some free shitty substitute ship when you do n't have enough ships . 
  edit : i think it 's also kinda possible to just wait 2 minutes until the game starts automatically even if you ca n't ready up , though ofc you wo n't really have much to fight with . 
  you have to bring one line ship for every 300 points before you 're ven allowed to add escorts . 
  so if you only have one working cruiser and get a 400 + point game you ca n't ready up and either have to wait 2 minutes or alt-f4 . 
  i 've read that the damage is per cannon and each battery have several cannons . 
  imperial macro cannon batteries seem to have 4 cannons while chaos macro batteries have 8 . 
  basically you 'll simply have to look at the weapon though sometimes it can still be kinda unclear how many guns it have . 
  for example , the cruiser dominator with 2x macro batteries on each side will fire 8x 18 damage shots every 12 seconds . 
  really depends on the ships stats and weapon loadout . 
  my chaos fleet has a few pretty specialized ships . 
  for example the slaughter cruiser has pretty short range for a chaos ship ( 6k instead of 9-12k ) but the speed of a light cruiser ( 225 instead of 188 ) so i 'm kinda turning it into a fast short range brawler with stuff like the ap upgrade , speed upgrade and nurgle favor . 
  my acheron battlecruiser and my desolator battleship are both more or less getting turned into pure lance-boats with all 3 lance upgrades so they can mess around at loooooooong range and annoy my enemies . 
  i 've also turned all three factions fastest escorts ( iconoclast , cobra and brute ) into scout ships . 
  the iconoclast got the sensor range upgrade , +100 % duration for running silent and the `` special maneuvers not revealing it '' upgrade , the cobra got the same except +50 speed instead of the special manuver thing and the brute ram is the same as the cobra except it ca n't have the running silent thing . 
  my tactic for assassination defense is to simply bring 2 light cruisers ( 3 if it 's a 700 pt game ) with speed upgrades and then just run away . 
  i can make over 400 renown from one game that way . 
  works best for chaos since they 're the fastest so far and can get the tzeentch favor . 
  they 're very good at staying at long range and killing their enemies with lances , boarding parties and bombers . 
  from my experience updates rarely come on fridays in case something goes wrong and the devs then either have to wait until monday to fix it or work during the weekend . 
  the cobra and iconoclast make pretty good scouts when upgraded with stuff like increased sensor range , increased duration for running silent and then either increased speed or using the speed boost without being detected . 
  the sword frigate is pretty good with increased speed , macro range and the macro ap upgrade . 
  it can harrass the enemy from a distance or charge in and deal pretty decent dps at short range . 
  afaik you get +1 from the upgrade and +1 from the favor for a total of 3 . 
  in the latest patch they increased it to 4 kills but they apparently forgot to update the ingame text . 
  probably my favorite yuri manga :(, 
   what factions are currently in the game ? 
  i know of empire of man , orks and eldar now . 
  imperial navy , chaos and the orks are currently playable in the beta and the eldar will be added next week . 
  space marines and a 6th faction will be added after release for free for early adopters ( people who preordered or bought within 2 months of release ) . 
   is chaos in and if it is , is it different enough from man to be worth playing and not just a reskin ? 
  chaos is pretty different from the imperial navy . 
  chaos favor long range weapons , high speed and hangars while the empire favor mid range weapons , torpedos , heavy front armor and spamming nova cannons . 
   furthermore do the other races actually play differently or just a flavor change ? 
  the orks are even more different . 
  first of all instead of having several types of ships to choose between for each class they have one ship type per class but get to customize the weapon loadout a bit , like replacing the torpedo launcher with a very powerful short range cannon . 
  their ships are generally slow with kinda low maneuverability , high health and low shields . 
  they 're really really good at short range combat and boarding so if they get close they 're probably gon na win . 
  they also have some problems with disobedient captains . 
  micro warp jump is one of the abilities you can choose for your ships ( light cruisers can have 1 ability , cruisers 2 , battlecruisers 3 and battleships 4 ) . 
  for me it 's one of the best abilities since it can be used for getting up close and personal , fleeing or just dodging stuff like ships trying to ram you , huge torpedo volleys or a clusterfuck of bombs . 
  two of my light cruisers are adeptus astartes for the terminator lightning strike and my emperor battleship is inquisition because there was n't really any extra upgrade i really wanted and those extra crew points are actually pretty nice . 
  judging from [ this old video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3q9cpoxicdg ) ( warning , horrible voice ) they 're very very fast ( 300 speed light cruisers , 375 speed escorts ) but also fragile and they do n't have anything like all ahead full/big red button so at least chaos should be able to catch up with them . 
  if anyone is curious the random caps spell `` i win again '', 
  unfortunately they do n't really get rid of it , they turn it inside out . 
  i would like some form of horde mode dlc for some tw game ( atilla , warhammer or something else ) . 
  basically you would pick a faction and start in a small world with a few regions that you control from the start and have to defend against various invading armies that become bigger and stronger the longer the game progresses . 
  less marching and waiting , more fighting and constructing . 
   transport ships are now accessible in the factions ' docks . 
  they can be fit with upgrades like escort ships , but can not be added to a fleet in the pregame . 
  time for some damn speed and stealth upgrades !, 
   in space station assault , the space station 's position has been moved backward , and the defender now have the same number of fleetpoints than the attacker . 
  really ? 
  it was n't that hard to be the defender imo ( except against ork rushes ) so unless the station is way weaker now it 's gon na suck attacking . 
  they were n't kidding when they said the eldars are fast and fragile . 
  their light cruisers have 300 speed , 40 degree rotation and 400 health and 25 armor all around . 
  they also really have to be micromanaged since their ships only have prow weapons and your holofields effectiveness depends on how much you 're moving . 
  tbh i find them pretty fun to play so far but i imagine that it can be a real pain in the ass to manage a larger fleet . 
  indeed , but according to my ships stats they still have the +50 speed bonus as well . 
  my thought as well . 
  could simply be some tooltip error . 
  edit : just got my engines destroyed on one of my imperial cruisers with that upgrade and the speed penalty was still 50 % so i guess it really is just a tooltip error .
