  i 'm not really sure you need a sead plane . 
  it does n't look like you 're planning on relying much on planes and helicopters for offense so aa should n't be that much of a problem . 
  if you do need to deal with aa , recon + paladin/atacm should be good enough . 
  some atgm plane like the f18 with f&f missiles could probably be more useful overall . 
   and also come in cheap transports . 
  you mean the fucking topas-2 variants ? 
  they do n't even have access to wheeled transports !, 
  personally i would rather get some normal mot . 
  s in a bmp-2 or spw-70 for 30 points than some berety '90 in a topas-2 for the same price . 
  personally i just consider the 5pt transports a waste of activation points . 
  i would even say that the topas-2a and 2ap would be a better use of points . 
  i 've actually used them for shits and giggles and found that they 're not to be underestimated . 
  i 've become a lot more fond if blue dragons since the update . 
  the japanese ifv got a nice accuracy buff from 30 % to 50 % , the korean kafv 40/50 became 5 points cheaper and the japanese hmv now has a gun which means that their infantry options became much nicer . 
  the k1 is currently my favorite tank . 
  85 points , 17 front armor and 60 % accuracy . 
  probably one of the most cost efficient tanks in the game right now . 
  the japanese tank with the gmg also became a bit better and cheaper and that thing was good before the update . 
  sk has a really nice atgm plane with 4x f&f missiles . 
  with all the tanks roaming around nowadays they 've become a lot more useful and you can get 4 of them ( 6 as sk ) . 
   10 point premium on each transport, 
  they only cost 5 points more . 
  so the choice is spending 60 points on the shitty transports or spending 120 points and getting something somewhat useful . 
  to me the first option is a waste of 60 points . 
   they only have 1 swedish ifv , the rest are low end tracked apc 's . 
  both norway and sweden have 15pt ifvs with 20mm autocannons . 
  another thing they could also do is to make aux power more useful for non-science ships . 
  except for the nukara traits there 's not much of a point in having a lot of aux-power unless i have at least a lt. com sci-slot . 
  weapon , shield and engine power is useful for almost every build while aux is not . 
  maybe the bonuses from cruiser commands could depend on your aux-power . 
  for example , temporarily losing the benefits from weapon system efficiency should kinda counter the bonus in weapon power . 
   engineering boff abilities are boring . 
  indeed . 
  lets try to come up with some new engineering abilities , especially offensive ones . 
  if anyone would know how to fuck up a ship it would be the engineers . 
  maybe some sort of `` beam over nasty shit '' abilities . 
  explosives , targs , etc etc. 
  i 'm pretty sure the transporters would fall in their department and there should be plenty of ways to use it offensively . 
  boarding party could be changed so that if the targets facing shield is down they 'll beam over instead of using the suicidal shuttles . 
  some form of `` power overload '' abilities could also work . 
  fry some eps-conduits or make a console on the bridge explode . 
  maybe the target x subsystem abilities could be turned into engineering abilities . 
  exactly !, 
  engineering boffs would get some much needed offensive abilities and since basically no one want to waste a tactical ability slot on them they 're not really used anyway so it would n't be much of a loss for the tactical boffs . 
  especially as redfor . 
  wheeled transports with autocannons , 14,5 mm hmgs and atgms . 
   the best start trek movie ever made . 
  i 'm pretty sure that title goes to galaxy quest, 
  there 's no kimblee either . 
  that glorious bastard was one of my favorite ( like in the top 5 ) characters in fma : b. 
  [ an intelligent polite mass-murdering gentleman philosopher sociopath with a great taste in clothing . 
  ] ( http://static.comicvine.com/uploads/original/9/93477/3433433-5009933583-solf_.jpg ), 
  how could anyone not love him ? 
  [ spoiler ] ( / s `` nge or knights of sidonia ? '' ), 
  [ this is why i 'm especially fond of ussr motorized ] ( http://i.imgur.com/iac3xkm.png ), 
  recon vehicles with wheels and good weapons < 3, 
   one of the big blockages to increased military unity is simply that the memberstates do not want to give up control of their armies, 
  personally i think there should be both an eu army and national armies . 
  the eu should basically have its own independent militarywith its own personnel and equipment , funded and controlled by the eu . 
  like a sort of foreign legion made up of volunteers . 
  no nation would have to give up their military to the eu . 
  all they would have to do is help with the funding . 
  hmmmm ... 
  kinda depends on your abilities ( ofc these can be changed ) and your race . 
  if your race has some bonus for melee damage and you 're a tac or sci , swords can be really effective . 
  high dps , 80 % shield penetration , expose chance and the ability to defy the laws of gravity makes them pretty powerful , especially when combined with the right kit powers . 
  expose chance is also ( imo ) pretty important . 
  betazoids , letheans and ferasans can all get the telepathic and lucky traits which would give you a 35 % chance to expose instead of 10 % . 
  if you also get/buy the pack leader trait you can increase it to 45 % . 
  combine this with an exploit weapon and some expose abilities and you 'll be murdering stuff left and right . 
  i could also recommend the rifles from the dyson and undine reputation system if you go down this route . 
  they 're able to expose with their main attack ( though at half your normal chance ) and they have exploits as their secondary attacks . 
   if your cv is firing its weapon , you are doing something wrong . 
  i 've lost too many cvs simply for forgetting to turn off the damn mg so nowadays i 'm avoiding cvs with weapons on purpose as much as possible . 
  i just got an idea . 
  ccp should randomly change production costs and stuff like that on sisi once in a while with no intentions of those changes actually going live . 
  like increasing the production cost of something by 200 % only to reduce it by 20 % when the update goes live . 
  is it a bluff ? 
  or a double bluff ? 
  unless you 're a complete min-maxer your race is pretty irrelevant so i 'd suggest you simply pick your favorite race ( if you 're not a trekkie , the one that looks the coolest ) . 
  classes are a bit more important , but you have three character slots and there are three classes so you can just make one of each , 
  blue dragons are winners imo . 
  the japanese ifv became a lot better and the korean kafv 40/50 now only cost 10 points ( which afaik makes it the cheapest gmg unit it the game ) so their mechanized capabilities got better . 
  the k1 is now insanely cost efficient . 
  17 front armor and 60 % accuracy for 85 points . 
  the japanese gmg tanks also became a bit better and cheaper so that 's also nice . 
  sk has one of the ( imo ) best atgm planes in the game with 4x f&f missiles . 
  since tanks are now a lot more common this plane became a lot more useful and you can get a lot of them ( 4 as bd , 6 as sk ) . 
  * logistics, 
  replace the cv tank with some other cv vehicle , preferable with wheels . 
  cv tanks are way to expensive , have low availability and you should n't need that much armor or firepower for a cv . 
  you should also consider getting a logistic helicopter somehow . 
  * infantry, 
  imo you should get better transports . 
  replace the reservists with the regular infantry ( whatever they 're called ) and put them and mmmaybe the tanke shashou in the wz-551 . 
  wheels + autocannon = awesome . 
  get the better manpad squad and put them in a faster transport if possible . 
  maybe put the marines in something faster/better as well . 
  first of all , that 's not an airborne deck . 
  * logistics,
