  * the protonic polaron weapons 25 % chance to deal some bonus proton damage on crit . 
  * voth antiproton weapons that reduce your targets firepower on crit . 
  * the tac officer crippling fire trait that reduce your targets accuracy on crit . 
  * the romulan reputation trait that disables your targets weapon on crit . 
  so , how many other procs like these are there , how do you get them and which ones are worth it ? 
  so , i have the chel grett from the first winter event but i 'm not getting the discount . 
  i guess this could be because i got it before they used the reputation system for these events but i 'm wondering if you who unlocked it the previous event is having the same problem or if the discount is working for you . 
  i 've been running a lot of bug hunt advanced/elite and other ground queues recently and as a result i 've been thinking a lot more about weapon dps in ground combat . 
  one of my characters ( a trill science captain ) is using the fleet armor with +10 % crit chance , a crith kit and a [ crtd ] x3 ap pulsewave assault weapon . 
  with some extra bonuses from traits this gives me ( iirc ) 26,2 % crit chance and 146 % crit severity . 
  then i decided to calculate at which crit chance the +80 % crit severity fleet armor would be better than the +10 % crit chance armor . 
  by using this formula '' ( ( x +0.1 ) * y ) - ( x * ( y +0.8 ) ) = 0 if y = '' in wolfram alpha ( where x is the crit chance and y is the crit severity w/o the armor ) the result was that if y = 1,46 then x = 0,1825 . 
  so once my crit chance is higher than 18,25 % the critd armor would be better . 
  right now i 'm kinda considering getting the cc shield and weapon for the +5 % crit chance 2p bonus and switching to the critd armor for 21,2 % crit chance and 226 % crit severity . 
  anyhow , what i 'm asking is if there are some other bonuses to crit chance and severity that i 've missed since that would be kinda important for my calculations . 
  so i 've gotten a kinda strange bug recently . 
  sometimes during combat i hear the bo sound effect and it looks like i fire a bo phaser beam array attack even though i do n't have any phaser weapons or used bo . 
  first i thought it was just a visual bug since i was using an ap dbb build and two of my dbbs did have the [ over ] mod but later on i was using a ship with disruptor bas without any [ over ] mods and it still looked like i fired phaser bos once in a while . 
  i could n't find anything in the combat log about bos or phaser damage though so i guess it simply is some strange visual bug but it 's still strange . 
  anyone else experiencing this ? 
  any ideas what might be causing it ? 
  so basically i have a bit of a problem . 
  zombie heads appear to be impossible to kill . 
  that 's 56 pages of hammer lords trying to kill a grey langur head . 
  i 've had this problem before and basically had to resort to magma to get rid of the damn things ... 
  edit : savescummed after losing 4 hammerlords and are now doing some `` science '' . 
  throwing 90 % of the fort population into a room with 2 zombie heads seem to be a pretty effective way to train fighting , striking , kicking and observing since pretty much all my civilians are now legendary fighters and observers . 
  edit 2 : turns out that using zombie heads for training your dwarves can be kinda handy . 
  one of my civilians ran into a giant cave spider and defeated it by himself , unarmed and unarmored simply by punching it to death . 
  legendary fighter and striker indeed . 
  edit 3 : one of my wardogs got stuck in the room with the two zombie heads and now when i checked dwarf therapist the fucker had become `` unbelievably strong , extremely agile , incredibly tough and absolutely inexhaustible '' . 
  i guess i could use zombie heads in the future to get super war dogs . 
  edit 4 : drafted a migrant wave and let it fight a zombie head outside my fort . 
  basically i just wish you could add [ this ] ( http://attila-enc.totalwar.com/#/ ) page to the sidebar like you did with the rome 2 encyclopedia . 
  basically i 'm just wondering , since it 's not that uncommon for cis-men to enjoy cross-dressing , are there any trans-men here who also enjoy it ? 
  and i 'm not trying to be offensive . 
  i 'm actually a bit curious . 
  so i 've been thinking about how i would like barbarians and city states changed in future civ games . 
  basically i would like to introduce something new , tribes and rebel factions . 
  tribes would be like a sort of hybrid between city states and barbarians . 
  the main difference between tribes and the old barbarians would be that a ) they 're not one unified faction , b ) they can be kinda friendly and c ) they can eventually become city states . 
  they should start out with a `` tribal village '' with no actual territory and then kinda behave like passive barbarians or like the aliens in civ : be . 
  basically they should n't be that aggressive unless you trespass into `` their territory '' but even when neutral they should still be a threat to civilian units that get too close . 
  mmmmaybe it should also be possible for some of them to have a form of nomadic tribe unit instead of villages . 
  their territorial claim would be smaller but they would move around all the time , causing temporary conflicts whenever they get too close to a tribe or civ . 
  they should probably also have a lower spawn rate for units or something to compensate for their mobility . 
  basically something like the mongols or their brethren . 
  each tribe should have some randomized behavior stats that determine how they act to other tribes and player civs . 
  these stats should also probably be carried over if the tribe eventually becomes a city state . 
  * expansiveness : how large the area around their villages that they consider to be their territory is . 
  * protectiveness : how angry they get if you trespass in `` their territory '' . 
  * aggressiveness : how aggressive they are in general . 
  ( basically an aggressive tribe will be kinda hostile even if you have n't done anything to them ) . 
  so basically , some tribes could claim that like everything in an 8 tile radius around their village ( s ) belongs to them and will be a bit annoyed at anyone who marches through it while another tribe might only claim a 2 tile radius but if you go there then that means eternal war because you filthy infidels trespassed in their holy lands . 
  like the old barbarians , the tribes should also be able to expand by spawning new villages around their territory . 
  this combined with their territorial behavior should be the source of conflict between them , the players and nearby tribes as eventually trespassing and territory disputes would be inevitable ( like they claim territory within your borders or you simply have to walk through their lands ) . 
  on the other hand , if you manage to avoid pissing them off and instead fight some tribe/civ that they do n't like , they can eventually become friendly which basically mean that they wo n't attack your units at all and they wo n't mind if you move through their territory ( settling in it is still a big no though ) . 
  eventually , a successful/prosperous tribe should `` level up '' and become a sort of quasi-civ . 
  their oldest current village should be upgraded to a `` tribal town '' , getting a few tiles of actual territory , some combat strength and a worker ( like a station in civ : be ) . 
  this should also unlock some diplomatic options with the tribe ( like a cs in civ : v ) and trade routes should be possible with this town . 
  you can now become allied with them , give them gold and units and receive missions like `` destroy this turkish village '' or `` kill x portuguese units '' . 
  then , eventually ( like 50-100 turns later ) , this `` level 2 '' tribe should get an option . 
  * go tall : the town is upgraded to a city and the tribe becomes a proper city state . 
  the other villages are abandoned and their population would be added to the city and/or workers . 
  * go wide : the rest of the villages would over time be upgraded to towns and the tribe would continue to spawn more villages around their borders . 
  for their neighbors , this would basically mean that they become like the good old barbarians as these tribes will covet your lands . 
  imagine reaching a new continent and instead of finding something like [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ij72y6i.jpg ) you could encounter a few tribes that are engulfed in constant war with each other , enabling you to ally with some of them ( for the moment ) against the other tribes as you start to conquer this new world . 
  you know , kinda like the europeans in the americas . 
  and oh yeah , i mentioned rebels did n't i ? 
  well basically , since there would n't really be any barbarian faction anymore , rebels spawned by stuff like unhappiness would also need their own mini-factions . 
  basically , depending on the civ that has the rebellion and the cause of it , there could be several different rebel factions at the same time that can also have different relationships with each other ( like the fsa and isis in syria ) and different civs . 
  like you could have a rebellion because of religion and these rebels should then be hostile towards most infidels but not towards factions of their own religion . 
  there could be rebels that spawn in occupied areas , trying to take back nearby cities for the original owners or just destroy improvements and kill civilian units . 
  unhappiness , culture , and maybe old tribes could also be different causes for rebellions . 
  like they just think you 're a bad leader , they want to join a different civ or it 's an old tribe that has returned from the dead and want their ancestral homelands back . 
  it should also be possible to trigger a rebellion with espionage if certain conditions are met ( like it 's almost ready to happen on its own ) . 
  there should also be some `` diplomatic '' options when it comes to rebels , maybe through a small screen like with city states or through something like the espionage thing in civ : be . 
  essentially , it should be possible to counter or assist rebel factions with agents by doing stuff like assassinating their leaders , sabotaging their equipment or maybe supplying them with some aa missiles and giving them some training . 
  or just find out who is doing what with the rebel factions so you know who to blame when the polynesian resistance fighters suddenly have tanks . 
  it should basically be possible to have scenarios like the soviet war in afghanistan , the current clusterfuck in syria or something like what 's going on in eastern ukraine right now . 
  edit : forgot about the nomadic tribes idea so i added that part . 
  basically i 've been trying to get my hands on the slime staff recently and have set up a small grinding device with a statue , some spiky balls and both some timers and a crab engine . 
  judging by the 50 stacks of gel i have collected so far i must have killed at least 25k blue slimes ( they drop 1-2 gel each ) and when compensating for the gel that was destroyed when i was using magma + the fact that they do n't always drop 2 gel i would say the real numbers are more like 30-40k blue slimes . 
  yet still no slime staff . 
  i know it is possible to not get it even after all this grinding ( around 5 chance of not getting it for 30k slimes and 2 % for 40k ) but those odds are pretty damn low . 
  so have i angered rngesus or is the slime staff no longer dropping from statue-spawned slimes ? 
  edit : turns out i had simply offended the lord somehow since after a few thousand more slimes i eventually got it . 
  so , yesterday i got a blue beam staff with the masterwork trait ( +15 % attack speed ) and a knockback trait ( iirc i got 8 % proc chance ) . 
  what i 'm curious about is how those traits work with the fire beam . 
  the attack speed increase was pretty noticeable with the main attack but i ca n't really tell if the beam is beaming faster than it used to beam . 
  and when it comes to the knockback trait , roughly how many attacks/ticks do the beam do per second , and do all those attacks have a chance to cause knockback ? 
  first of all i know that rainbow builds are n't really optimal but i kinda want to make one anyway . 
  the reason why is that one of my characters has a bunch of + beam locator consoles from back when they were useful for plasma doping and i 'm not really willing to replace them with damage specific consoles just for a minor dps increase . 
  the thing i 'm curious about is which ( if any ) of the special beam arrays from the reputation systems or episode set rewards would be worth using , either by themselves or with their set console for the 2p set bonus . 
  iirc we have the [ advanced thoron infused polaron beam array ] ( http://sto.gamepedia.com/delta_alliance_ordnance#advanced_thoron_infused_polaron_beam_array ) , the [ advanced radiant antiproton beam array ] ( http://sto.gamepedia.com/radiant_armaments_set#advanced_radiant_antiproton_beam_array ) , the [ resonant disruptor beam array ] ( http://sto.gamepedia.com/preserver_resonant_technologies_set#resonant_disruptor_beam_array ) , the [ experimental romulan plasma beam array ] ( http://sto.gamepedia.com/romulan_singularity_harness#experimental_romulan_plasma_beam_array ) and the two omni-directional beam arrays ( though you could only equip one of them iirc ) so i could equip up to 5 different set beams ( 6 with the cutting beam ) . 
  also , which types of beam arrays would you recommend for maximum color variation ? 
  with all these reputation store and lockbox weapons there are quite a lot of different colors available . 
  so i recently completed the campaign and then messed around in skirmish a bit and noticed that some units were kinda different from the campaign . 
  for example the battlecruiser did n't have the indirect fire ability , instead it had a smoke screen ability . 
  the artillery cruisers did n't seem to fire on their own ( i could be wrong but i never saw them fire unless i used the abilities ) but now also have a precisions strike ability .
