  i would probably replace the j\u00e4gers and deckungsgruppe with 2 more cards of panzergrenadiers 90 . 
  you should also get one card of some really cheap tank you can spam . 
  also , i get the feeling you 're doing a lot of upvetting . 
  be careful with that . 
  right now it looks like you could run out of tanks and aa quite easily . 
  personally i think that both sides would be willing to negotiate surrender before that point . 
  i think even putin would prefer simply losing a conventional war than having a draw in a nuclear war . 
   \u00c4h . 
  well the ability to basically end life on earth should be pretty useful when negotiating . 
  and maybe i should have used peace treaty instead of surrender . 
   blue dragon, 
  first of all , i think that maybe you should upvet less units . 
  you even upvetted the reservists . 
  when it comes to your infantry i think you need some sort of regular infantry with a decent transport . 
  swap the yebiguns and maybe the mistral for some sochong-su 85 in some kafv 25 or kafv 40/50 . 
  skip upvetting the k55 and maybe just take one card . 
  you should possibly also skip upvetting the short/closed arrows . 
  i do n't think you need both the kafv 90 and the hachi-nana recon vehicles . 
  they kinda fill the same role and 14 should be enough . 
  replace one of them or just spend the points on something else . 
  maybe replace the susaek-dae with some teukjeonsa . 
  they 're faster and they 're higher starting veterancy give them a bonus to seeing shit . 
  personally i like to take two cards of good infantry recon , one in a heli and one in a fast vehicles . 
  see if you can fit a km132 in your vehicle category . 
  a flamethrower vehicles can be very handy sometimes . 
  could possibly also be used instead of the gongbyung so you can have some other infantry unit . 
   red dragon, 
  you probably wo n't need two cvs so skip the jeep . 
  maybe replace the mi-6 with a mi-4 . 
  supply helos are pretty vulnerable . 
  again , skip the reservists . 
  north korea has access to a transport ( vtt-323 something something ) with some shitty aa missiles . 
  you could possibly replace both the juckwidae and qw-1 with bochongsu in those things . 
  they 're surprisingly effective once you got a few of them . 
  maybe remove some tanks ( the t-72 ) . 
  you should at least have one card of the north-korean recon ninjas . 
  that exceptional stealth can be really useful . 
  a zu-57-2 or to-55 could be useful for killing infantry and other squishy things . 
  the chinese z-9a ty-90 can be pretty useful for hunting helicopters . 
  and i was also confused why nk had the t-90 and not the ussr . 
  i like this idea . 
  would make it easier to tell if we need to send a new cv or destroy a hostile cv when a zone turns neutral . 
  this is why i 'm looking forward to the land-based as-missile units . 
  a good ship + recon + escorts can destroy so many ground units without them being able to fight back . 
  well an allies cv , surrounded by a bunch of other units can be kinda hard to spot quickly when you do n't know where it 's placed or if it 's even there . 
  i think you need a lot more infantry and maybe have some of them in ground transports . 
  personally i 'm really fond of light riflemen 90 because of their 1,9 km range launcher and since usa does n't have any normal atgm infantry i tend to always take at least one card of them . 
  i 'm also kinda in love with marines 90 transported in a lvtp-7a1 . 
  the gmg on that thing is really powerful vs infantry . 
  i would probably replace the smaw with one of those and maybe remove something else ( tanks ) for a 5th card of infantry . 
  mid-tier tanks are currently not that useful so i would suggest both up and downgrading your tanks . 
  maybe get some sort of recon vehicle ? 
  not sure if you should replace the kiowa or a non-recon unit since you can almost never have too much recon . 
  if you have 2 spare points i would totally recommend getting a card of the littlebird mk19 helicopter . 
  those things are really cheap ( 30 points iirc ) and will do horrible things to infantry and other soft targets . 
   as far as infantry would you suggest another card of marines in lvpt ? 
  or delta force ? 
  probably marines because of the lvtp-7a1 and their squad size . 
  imo pretty much any troop transport with a gmg is worth taking ( eg , bmp-1d , btr-t , kafv 40/50 ) . 
   what is your tactic for using it ? 
  i accept that they will die and use them when it will be worth it . 
  i 'm also paying close attention to what killed them so i can send some revenge arty . 
  afaik that means it have n't finished reloading . 
  and white can mean that there 's no cv or that it 's contested . 
  also , they 're mortars , not howitzers . 
  yes , as long as they 're right next to each other . 
  i think you 're mostly correct except you 're only thinking of light mortars . 
  think of heavy mortars as simpler howitzers with shorter range that are easier to use . 
  also , if i understood it correctly , howitzers are usually used on a regimental level while heavy mortars can be used by battalions/divisions . 
  afaik that means that several battalions can share one howitzer battery but have their own heavy mortars . 
  do you have a personal vendetta against helicopters or something ? 
  except maybe for mechanized and airborne decks i do n't think you should ever bring 2 cards of manpad infantry . 
  * us deck, 
  i would probably replace the cv jeep with a somewhat armored cv vehicle and the hemtt with a cheaper truck . 
  replace at least one of your aa infantry and one smaw with marines , light riflemen on riflemen . 
  you probably wo n't need that much aa so remove either the avenger , the chaparral or replace your last manpad infantry with more regular infantry . 
  remove 1-2 cards of your mid-tier tanks and consider using something cheaper . 
  get the longbow recon helicopter . 
  it 's one of the best units the us have . 
  get a vehicle that can fight infantry . 
  get the littlebird with gmgs . 
  for something that costs 30 points it 's very effective at killing infantry . 
  if you 're gon na use that many planes you should probably bring a sead plane or the enemy will just get some radar-sams and laugh at you . 
  * rd deck, 
  again , replace the jeep with something slightly armored . 
  less manpad infantry , replace the bibanchungpo with tanke shashou 85 , consider replacing the ban-tank fagot with regular infantry as well . 
  nk has a vtt-323 transport with 4 strela aa missiles so you could get 2 cards of whatstheirname regular infantry in those if you have helicopters that much . 
  replace the pongae-3 or hq-7 ( probably pongae ) with a spaag . 
  maybe replace the plz-83 with some chinese napalm rocket arty . 
  again , less mid-tier tanks . 
  replace one recon helicopter with the nk recon snipers . 
  get some better atgm vehicles ( china has like the best atgm vehicles in wargame ), 
  if you have some points left , get the nk gmg helicopter or something cheap with rocket-pods . 
  personally i love them for their ability to kill lighter vehicles . 
  they have longer range than any other non-atgm infantry unit . 
  they can easily hide in buildings and forests . 
  they wo n't die as easily as an atgm squad . 
  like 95 % of the stuff you 'll shoot at will have around 0-3 armor . 
  which is really strange since the project was finished . 
  according to a friend in the army we 're gon na turn some cv-90s into normal mortar carriers ( [ like this ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/0b/stryker_mcv-b.jpg ) ) instead .
