  i mean it looks like 500-1000kg he bombs . 
   `` the reason the american army does so well in wartime , is that war is chaos , and the american army practices it on a daily basis . '', 
   from a post-war debriefing of a german general, 
   what should i be looking for stats-wise ? 
  usually the main gun and the front armor . 
   how do i defend my expensive tanks from missiles ? 
  depends on the source of the missile . 
  atgm infantry are slow but stealthy . 
  once detected ( by recon/sacrificial unit ) they can often be dealth with by with artillery or airstrikes . 
  atgm vehicles are kinda the same except they 're faster but not as stealthy . 
  they can usually be dealt with the same way as infantry . 
  atgm helicopters are best countered with mobile aa units escorting your tanks or some decent fighter with ir missiles on standby . 
  atgm planes are similar to helicopters except they usually need something heavier to counter . 
  like radar-sams or high-tier asfs . 
  smoke is also an option , especially for uk , canada and the commonwealth since the bison mortar and the fv4something produce more smokes than any other mortar . 
  yeah , the change between 2 and 3 is too drastic . 
  either one of them should be changes , a new mid-change unit should be introduced or unit 2 could gradually change as you start choosing your affinity until you upgrade it into unit 3 . 
  well yeah , i guess he would even have made a profit . 
  my modules were worth around 8 mil and i assume the trasher + fitting was worth less than 4 mil . 
  but still , ganking can happen even if you 're not carrying anything worth a damn . 
  so that 's why everything looks different . 
  i was around when they v3d everything but then i kinda did n't play for a while and when i came back all the ships were much prettier than i remember them . 
  for redfor i would actually recommend using better units . 
  spetsnaz and li jiang 90 are really good since a lot of tactical games revolve around infantry fights . 
  sometimes the cheapest alternative is n't the most cost efficient . 
  though if you want cheap , play as czechoslovakia or poland . 
  yeah , the ability to have reservists without transports could be pretty interesting . 
  maybe some extra availability as well if you skip the transports . 
  i think he means `` now go read the manga '' ending . 
  as in , even if the manga is n't finished you should start reading it afterwards because the anime has only covered like 1/3rd of the manga . 
  if they do this , lets hope they 've removed the veterancy damage bonus by then, 
  enough to take out a challenger 2 in two hits . 
  * logistics, 
  maybe put the command inf in a helicopter and replace the cv helo with a somewhat armored cv vehicle . 
  command helicopters ca n't hide in forests which makes them pretty vulnerable . 
  * infantry, 
  personally i would get some motostrelki 90 transpoted in bmp-1ds . 
  at least imo the extra ap for their launcher and the firepower of the transport is worth the extra 10 points . 
  upgrade the gornostrelki to the 90s version . 
  they cost just 5 points more but the launcher is much much better and they have the same availability . 
  i would probably put the spetsnaz in something cheaper with higher availability and then upvetting them . 
  * support, 
  replace a tunguska with another buk and do n't upvet the howitzer . 
  * tank, 
  get rid of the t-72s , you do n't need that many tanks . 
  * recon, 
  put one of your recon infantry in a ground transport . 
  you should probably also get a ka-52 , it 's one of the best units the ussr have . 
  * vehicles, 
  you should probably get some vehicles . 
  the btr-70 zhalo , bmpt and the mt-lb shturm are all pretty useful . 
  replace the mi-24p with the mi-24v . 
  it costs 5 points more and has worse rocket pods but carry twice as many atgms and it can turn its autocannon . 
  maybe replace one of them with a ka-50 . 
  * planes, 
  i would probably replace the mig-27 with the su-25t . 
  the mig-27 is better for quick attack runs but the su-25 has 16 ( !! ), 
  atgms and can be extremely effective as a defensive weapon . 
  just let it circle around hind your own lines and spam missiles at the attackers . 
  or replace it with the su-27m . 
  it has longer range , more missiles , higher speed and ecm and it doubles as an asf . 
   why the buk over the tunguska ? 
  the buk is one of the scariest sams in the game with long range , high accuracy and high damage . 
  spaags like the tunguska are better for taking out helicopters and stunning/damaging planes than actually killing then . 
   also what do you think about those smerchs, 
  the smerch is good at taking out vehicles and enemy artillery . 
  it 's generally considered a pretty useful unit . 
   also on tanks should i get rid of those t-80ums and t72bus for something a little less costly and more available ? 
  nope . 
  the expensive high tier tanks are usually worth it simply because they can actually survive a few hits while the mid tier tanks tend to die just as easily as the 20 point shit tanks . 
   and lastly i changed the planes around a bit ... 
  you should probably try to get a 5th plane ( somehow ) because imo you ca n't really rely on 1 mig-31m . 
  also , when i said lightly armored cv vehicle i meant something like the bdrm-2u . 
  that 1 point of armor actually makes a pretty big difference against he artillery . 
  logistics : try to get a supply helo . 
  they can be invaluable when you need to resupply stuff quickly ( like when your aa has run out of missiles ) and they 're fairly cost efficient in terms of how much supplies you get for their cost . 
  infantry : this might just be me but when i play as uk i actually tend to prefer getting more sas instead of normal manpad infantry . 
  you can get 9 of them per card and with their high veterancy and base accuracy they can be incredibly effective as aa as long as you can keep them resupplied . 
  support : too much aa , skip one of the rapiers or maybe the marksman . 
  do n't upvet the mlrs . 
  maybe get the as-90 or whatever the uk high-tier howitzer is called . 
  tanks : too many tanks . 
  skip the two mid-tier chieftains and do n't upvet the challengers . 
  high-tier tanks make popular targets and veterancy does n't increase armor so it 's imo better to be able to replace them . 
  recon : looks pretty good but maybe you should try to get some recon infantry in a helicopter . 
  they can be incredible useful for infiltration . 
  helicopters : looks good to me, 
  planes : maybe skip the 75 point sea harrier and get something like the harrier with atgms or the sead sea harrier . 
  with two cards of sas you could probably skip one or both of the laad javelins and get something else like atgm infantry . 
  also , if it 's available you should get one card of the uk fv4something 81mm mortar . 
  for some reason it creates more smoke than any other mortar except the bison 81mm . 
  with 2-4 of them launching smoke you can pretty much do full frontal assaults against enemy positions . 
   should i upvet my milan infantry ? 
  probably . 
  the extra accuracy and damage can be pretty useful, 
   should i upvet sead aircraft ? 
  i 've gone for the sea harrier fa2 ( the sead one ) . 
  imo no . 
  sead planes live a risky life and it can really suck running out of them . 
   or are you saying i should have some in a heli and in a land transport .
