  i already have 6 [ crtd ] x3 ap beam arrays , 27,9 % crit chance and 98,5 % crit severity . 
  how fucking fast will things melt when i add ss3 on top of that ? 
  i think it was something like 0.2 % hull healed per shot/attack when apb is active . 
  iirc , the doffs were something like this, 
  * 0.2 % hull healed per shot/attack when apb is active, 
  * tachyon beam will pull the target towards you, 
  * aux to structural integrity field will cause an attacker to placate, 
  when it comes to boffs i think the most notable things were the sro tac and sro eng for romulans and some klingon with leadership for kdf . 
  well if you 're constantly cycling apb you 'll have it active 2/3rd of the time and 2 % ( ish ) hull healed per second is nothing to scoff at . 
   honestly , my opinion on the changes is this ... 
  the old elite difficulty should n't have been touched, 
  a thousand times this !, 
  most of us just wanted a harder difficulty with even better rewards . 
  like more marks , 1440 dil and better gear . 
  instead we got the advanced difficulty that 's more `` challenging '' but has shittier rewards than the old elite difficulty and a new elite difficulty that i do n't even want to think about yet . 
  and their way of just buffing the hp of everything by a few hundred % is just moronic . 
  dps was imo already too important compared to tanking and debuffing and this sure as hell did n't help . 
  i mean , now we need a minimum dps just to complete isa while the tanking requirements are as low as before and science is pretty much as useless as always except gravity well . 
  more dps , speed , power levels , abilities , damage resist etc etc would have been so much better than just increasing their hull by a fuckton . 
  at least it could have made tanking , cc and debuffing more useful . 
   keep in mind you 'll want a fleet ship module as well , so you can get an upgraded fleet version . 
  unless you get the excelsior since that one does n't give you a discount for the fleet version . 
  i just remember a lot of people saying otherwise but the wiki agrees with you . 
  a kdf cruiser with some god damned science capacity !, 
  basically something with 4 science consoles , like a t-6 science odyssey except more gorn . 
  my plasmonic leech want more flow cap consoles !, 
  some t6 science vessels for kdf and the romuloids . 
  a fed carrier with frigate pets and a romulan proper 2-hangar carrier . 
  a romulan cruiser-warbird with an intel/engineering hybrid commander boff seat like the eclipse , guardian and the qib . 
  some sort of giant kdf behemoth dreadnought battlecruiser with something absurd like a 5/5 weapon loadout and 2 warp core slots but some major weakness like the inability to power more than 2 of the weapon , shield and engine subsystems at the same time . 
  a dedicated beamscort . 
  basically a really really good escort-style ship without the ability to use dhcs . 
  a kdf ship with an ability similar to the excelsiors advanced transwarp drive . 
  like a special espionage t6 bop or sci-vessel . 
  edit : maybe a new kdf carrier that can use the old bop frigate hangars because i have the elite version of those but i 'm not really sure i want to first get a fleet vo'quv and then upgrade it to t-5u . 
  it 's not just science vessels i 'm talking about . 
  the kdf does have a few of those . 
  it 's the overall lack of `` sciency '' cruisers ( and raptors ) that 's bothering me . 
  the kdf `` equivalent '' to the science odyssey and the tulwar warbird has a whole whooping 2 science consoles . 
  without investing in a fleet or t-5u ship , the only kdf cruisers with even 3 sci consoles are the mirror neg ` var ( which can not be upgraded to t-5u if i wanted to ) and the marauder fdc . 
  just give me a gorn battlecruiser and raptor with 4 sci consoles and a lt.com science seat and i 'll be happy . 
  i 'm like 99 % sure the 3p bonus only applies to the hyper-dbb . 
   japanese word for a person portraying a member of the opposite sex online . 
  a lot of abilities and weapon secondary attacks ( + some other stuff ) have a chance to expose your target . 
  the thing about exposing stuff is that when you use an attack/ability that 's classified as an exploit , it will get a 200 % damage bonus . 
  [ here ] ( http://sto.gamepedia.com/ground_combat#expose.2fexploit ) you can see which type of secondary attack some of the ground weapons have . 
  the normal expose chance is 10 % but this can be increased by the lucky and telepathic traits ( aliens , ferasans , letheans and betazoids are afaik the only races that can have access to both ) by 10 and 15 % . 
  then there 's a trait you can buy on the exchange called pack leader iirc which offers another 10 % bonus . 
  this means that you can potentially get a 45 % chance to expose your targets with stuff like targeting optics , melee weapons , pretty much all the offensive science abilities etc etc. 
  melee weapons are interesting because their main attack can expose and they also have an exploit attack . 
  then there are the dyson and counter-command reputation rifles ( and the new delta rep rifle iirc ) that can also expose with their main attacks ( but with half the normal chance ) and have the ability to exploit . 
  as a human tac i guess you could choose the lucky trait ( and maybe get the pack leader trait ) , the grenade expose chance trait , grab a split-beam rifle and go to work . 
  use target optics and grenades against groups of enemies to expose as many as possible , press g to target an exposed enemy and use the split-beam secondary attack to exploit as many enemies as possible . 
   using a t5-u ship , can all of the trees be unlocked and completed ? 
  iirc they 've said there 's no limit to how many activation points you can get so i think the answer is yes . 
   are the abilities permanent buffs or is there a power that i get later to activate the abilities ? 
  both i think . 
  some seem to be minor permanent buffs but stuff like the barrel roll are activated abilities . 
   are specialisation points only earned by levelling up your character ? 
  kinda . 
  you can keep getting them after you reach lvl 60 by getting more xp . 
  where to begin ... 
  first of all , chose one damage type for your energy weapons and go with it . 
  then get the appropriate damage consoles for that damage type . 
  the 4 tac consoles you have right now are 100 % useless for the weapons you have equipped . 
  my advice for your build would be to get 4 dhcs and 3 turrets of the same damage type and 4 tac consoles to go with them ( skip the torp ) . 
  then train your boffs with 2x tt1 , 2x csv1 and then some attack pattern ( beta or omega ) for the lt.com and commander slot ( maybe train one boff with apb and the other with apo so you can change easily . ), 
  when it comes to your sci powers you want/need gravity well in the lt com slot . 
  it would be fun if they could get brent spiner and have him voice both data and picard ( emergency diplomacy hologram ) . 
  looks like there were a few variants with minor changes but i guess cryptic did n't really want to make several models just for that , especially for a ship they gave us for free . 
  now the question is , can they be used by stormers ? 
   but the ship trait seems to go so well with the ship trait from the dauntless ... 
  i thought the ship traits you get from t6 ship masteries were account wide and cross-faction . 
  could anyone who has unlocked one confirm if you can use it with characters on all factions or if a trait from a fed ship can only be used by feds . 
  sometimes it 's worth the risk of sacrificing a recon unit in the beginning of a game . 
   though with only one beam bank , it 'll be far less effective . 
  bo only overloads one beam so you just need a single dbb . 
  my guess is that smaller shaped charges pointed downwards are n't that effective vs infantry unless they land really really close . 
  also game balance, 
  if you have plasmonic leech it could be worth it to test a power drain build . 
  that 's what i did with my varanus and while it 's not really the best idea for pve , disabling a group of enemies with a tykens rift 3 while you have 125 power in all subsystems can be pretty nice . 
   qib = gorgeous, 
  ftfy, 
  some people dislike it but imo it 's an awesome little tron-pancake of death . 
  are they skilled farmers ? 
  because a skilled grower is much much better than several unskilled ones , unless you have a ton of seeds . 
  nice, 
  yeah , the recent increase in tau dewa patrol grind sure would increase the chance of some groups discovering some previously unknown exploitable bug . 
  this reminds me of the nicest `` pirates '' i 've ever encountered . 
  basically i was trying to get back to nullsec in a travel fitted punisher and ran into a small gate camp . 
  as i was warping around the system chased by a stubborn inty pilot i noticed my wallet flashing . 
  turns out that one of them sent me some isk ( 2 ish mil ) `` for my loss '' . 
  the best part was that i actually ended up leaving the system intact so i ended up making a small profit from being on the wrong end of a gate camp . 
  maybe the tau dewa missions were easier to do with bots ? 
  maybe it was harder to catch the botters with all the normal grinders . 
  and tbh , a bot for tau dewa could almost be a normal key macro program . 
  enter system , fly forward x seconds , spam all abilities and pewpewpew , exit system , repeat . 
  imo the absolute biggest difference between the t6 and t5/t5u ships are the intel boff powers . 
  the extra boff power is nice but it does n't make the ships that different , console layout is n't very special , the gather intelligence and expose vulnerability mechanic is ( imo ) not that useful but still kinda nice . 
  but the intel powers !,
