  i 'm not 100 % sure but from what i 've heard over at / r/stobuilds , crf is better than ss for cannons . 
  please do n't waste any lobi on autographs . 
  also , the odds of getting a dreadnought is so low that unless you also want lobi crystals for stuff like fancy consoles , do n't bother . 
  that 's because ss reduces your rof by 50 % and increase your damage per shot by around 100 % ( apparently it 's a bit over 100 % ) to compensate . 
  as a result , your combat log will show you bigger numbers with ss but your dps will be higher with crf . 
  you get 10 lobi from the r&d boxes during these `` special ship events '', 
  faw is a lasershow so beams are totally lasers . 
  since you 're using ap it could be worth it to test the obelisk core and omni-beam . 
  because the +10 % ap damage 2p set bonus is a category 2 bonus and [ amp ] is category 1 it 's better at buffing your weapon damage . 
  ofc the fleet core have other advantages but since you get the obelisk gear for free from a mission it 's worth at least testing it . 
  my advice would be to buy some t5 mirror universe ships to mess around with . 
  they have raptors , battlecruisers , bops and even a carrier with frigate pets available as mirror universe versions on the exchange . 
  while i 'm not sure just how much aux and shield power affect your different science and healing abilities , weapon power is very very very important because it 's a damage multiplier . 
  the multiplier is basically 0.02 * ( weapon power ) so with 1 in weapon power you would get a nice little 98 % damage penalty to your energy weapons . 
  at 125 it 's a 150 % damage bonus . 
  so keep it as high as possible . 
  all right , lets do this !, 
  but it looks like you 're also firing a disruptor dbb . 
  also , the klingons can have the physical strength trait or whatever it 's called on top of their racial trait bonus giving them the highest potential melee damage bonus . 
  * 1 : easier to level up , at least for alts . 
  simply increasing the skillpoints from doffing would pretty much be enough for me . 
  * 2 : the specialization system getting the same treatment as the old reputation trait system , ie , you have to choose between a few bonuses . 
  imo we do n't need more powercreep and they changed the rep traits because of this . 
  * 3 : playable cardassian faction . 
  * 4 : more useful space traits for boffs with their own basic and superior versions . 
  * 5 : changing the loot drops . 
  enemies should drop appropriate items ( dominion ships dropping polaron and sometimes even dominion polaron weapons ) and possibly a few new item mods that you only get from loot drops . 
  i would agree with you if maxing out a specialization tree was as easy as getting 4 reputation traits . 
  maybe 1500 ish zen followed by around 70 mil ec after i realized that buying the r&d packs from the exchange was much better since ec is n't that hard to get and by selling the r&d stuff i would get some of it back . 
  reminds me of the tf2 golden wrench shenanigans where they were dropping 100 golden wrenches to people who crafted something . 
  problem was that the rng was n't really random and someone leaked some of the drop times and basically the first player to craft the thingy after the specified time would get the golden wrench . 
  this is why you read [ the description ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ehpujnm.png ) before spending a lot of ec/dil/anything . 
  most of these boxes exist to give you access to the other factions z-store ship consoles . 
   [ + beam ] instead of your [ + dis ] to ** boost the plasma damage of your embassy consoles **, 
  according to some people this will result in more dps . 
  because of the cryptic damage bonus calculation math shenanigans the difference between + dis and + beam consoles are n't that noticeable when you add all the other cat1 bonuses . 
  i 'm kinda having the same problem and i 'm also currently using an a2b builds since that was that i was using before i got the shehsar . 
  my boff layout on the other hand is more like this . 
  the main problem with this build is that i end up with more tac slots than i need ( at least after dropping the torp ) and i basically rely on agent nerul for hull heal so i 'm kinda considering doing some drake builds and maybe even get that zemok dude that people here seem to consider their lord and savior . 
  another other options could be to move my engineering abilities around a bit to get et1 by replacing a2b2 and dem3 with eptw3 and a2b3 but that 's kinda silly . 
  i also want hazard emitters somehow but i do n't really want to drop any of the abilities i have in the sci station . 
  too bad we ca n't transport them in helicopters like irl . 
  just imagine a west-german airborne deck with tank destroyers and fsvs moved around by helicopters . 
  well with a2b you only need 1x oss and do n't you mean oss2 and oss3 ? 
  yeah i have marauding alts that have reached lvl 50 without playing more than 2 missions ( though i did create them during a 2x xp event so they started out at lvl 8-9 ) . 
  not a fucking clue . 
  not even gon na bother parsing until i get some decent gear . 
  except for the extra crit chance from your own trait and from the ability to have more romulan operative boffs , not really . 
  though one other advantage would be that if you make a kdf-aligned romulan you could get the plasmonic leech console by buying the vandal for 1000 zen . 
  indeed . 
  titanfall would be perfect for a moba gamemode . 
  i 've always loved the basic concept of moba games but i 've never really liked the gameplay of those i 've tried . 
  if we got a titanfall moba i would probably not play much else for a long time . 
  well the reason why it 's not as common is probably a ) it 's only usable on romulan ships b ) it 's a tanking console so if you do n't need more shield heal stuff it 's not that useful . 
  thank you !, 
  i am using the solanae set atm so that must be it . 
  yeah a mk ii version would be worth 7,25 mil ec but since it 's mk iv i guess it would be a few mil cheaper . 
  we um checked the exchange . 
  afaik you can only get the 4 standard mods , crtd , crth , dmg and acc when upgrading . 
  yeah it 's not worthless , just worth less . 
   i do n't even know if this build is even good, 
  well i can tell you it 's not , but that 's why you 're here i guess . 
  i 'm a bit tired right now so i 'm not gon na give you a wall of text with advice but i made some modifications to your build to give you some examples . 
  [ cannon build ] ( http://skillplanner.stoacademy.com/?build=cannonasdasda_0 ), 
  [ beam build ] ( http://skillplanner.stoacademy.com/?build=beamsadsadada_0 ), 
  iirc there used to be some sort of chat command that gave you access to a character customization with less restrictions . 
  it 's possible they made these characters back then or there 's a new way to get access to the other customizer . 
  my advice would be to do your parsings in isa like most people . 
  and do n't the crystalline entity have really high resists against energy weapons ? 
  edit : maybe use 2x faw and a conn officer instead of 2x tt1 and a energy weapon officer . 
  that way you can always cycle faw even if you 're not taking fire and rngesus says no when it comes to your energy weapon doff . 
  a whole new spec-tree without `` fixing '' the damn skillpoint issue first ? 
  i thought one of the points of atgms is that you kinda skip the whole `` wrapped our antitank missile in armor and given it cross-country mobility '' part and just strap them on anything that moves or give them to infantry . 
  they also kinda solve the `` what about the enemies apc 's etc '' problem in the picture since it 's not that hard to just strap a missile or two to the turret of your normal apc/ifv , giving them both anti-tank and transport capabilities . 
  even against single targets or just `` overall '' . 
  cause personally i kinda like having both faw and ss on a2b eclipse/qib builds and use faw against multiple targets and then ss against specific targets like huge borg stuff and bosses . 
  itty bitty minor pet peeve about the special column for the nana-yon shiki g. 
  please use gmg instead of ags unless you 're either writing in russian or referring to the ags-17 / ags-30 in particular . 
  instead of just making silly shit up i 'll go with some of the real screw ups . 
  making atgms bugged so they pretty much always missed . 
  the resulting tank battles were kinda fun but having 90 % of the atgm units becoming useless was kinda annoying . 
  silenced weapons increasing the units stealth when fired instead of simply not decreasing it . 
  sbs and li jiang became invisible super-soldiers that would defeat anything in a forest or town and basically had to be countered with bombers and/or artillery . 
  ca n't remember the names of some of them but you probably know which ones i mean . 
  and btw , i like gmgs . 
  * french recon tank with the super-high rof gun . 
  cheap as fuck and with its high rof and heat rounds it can hurt even the heaviest tanks . 
  * kafv 40/50 . 
  korean 10 pt apc with a gmg . 
  afaik it 's the cheapest gmg unit in the game and gmgs are awesome . 
  * nana-yon shiki g. kinda decent japanese mbt with a gmg . 
  * the japanese 15 pt wheeled transport with a gmg . 
  totally worth 5 more points for the extra firepower . 
  * us 20 pt recon humvee with a minigun or gmg . 
  fast , cheap , good optics and fairly decent firepower . 
  * that soviet recon vehicle with an autocannon . 
  it 's like a btr-80a with really good optics . 
  * the french helicopter with nothing but an autocannon . 
  get one of these to a point in the beginning , before the enemies wheeled vehicles does and you can get some really interesting results . 
  * the us and nk littlebirds with gmgs .
