   strv 2000 ( 140 mm gun + 40 mm co-axial ) would be nice , but that was n't planned to enter service until 2000 so way out of time frame as well . 
  well the project did start in the 80s and in a `` cold war gone hot '' scenario it could make sense it would be completed sooner . 
  2 : personally i usually tend to start with a sort of basic force made up of mainly infantry , some aa vehicles and a recon helicopter . 
  the thing is that i often save enough points to call in 1-2 planes , some tanks etc etc. 
  so if the enemy call in bombers i can buy a fighter , if i spot the landing site of an airborne player i can call in my own airstrike etc etc. 
  4 : depends . 
  you 're right about the well rounded force part though . 
  even in larger games you must be able to fill most roles by yourself because most likely you 'll end up fighting over a small part of the map with 1-2 other players . 
  sometimes all your teammates will be busy and unable to compensate for your lack of aa , anti-tank units or other shortcomings . 
  personally i think the strf 9040/56 , strf 90104 ( or120 ) and the lvkv 9040 would be the most likely cv90 variants added . 
  i 've never even heard of the cv94 and google does n't really give any results either . 
  also , the amos is waaay to modern , the 30 mm variant is an export model and the 155 mm gun is just ... no . 
  i have heard that instead of the amos they 're gon na make a few turret-less cv90s with a 120mm mortar inside . 
  this is quite recent but it 's not like it 's something high tech so it could be added to wg : rd as a mortar carrier . 
  boffs can actually go into the overflow bag and the normal inventory . 
  i got a boff from a recruitment assignment and because my inventory was full it went into my overflow bag . 
  had to double-click it to get the boff into the candidate list . 
  well iirc the jem ` hadar boff has torpedo spread 3 which afaik is only available from the jh boff or tovan khev . 
  you should ofc be able to use him to train someone else , but still , he 's special . 
   even light tanks . 
  or just shitty tanks . 
  ifvs are great for murdering large groups of 10-25 point shit that people use to absorb atgms . 
   but i 've heard of people using `` rainbow boats '' and was wondering how they can get decent buffs ( if at all ) . 
  there are two kinds of `` rainbow boats '', 
  a : different looking weapons with the same damage type . 
  like mixing phasers , retro phasers , andorian phasers , biomolecular phasers etc etc. 
  this is kinda viable but it 's mostly for the visual effect . 
  b : mixing weapons type all willy nilly . 
  this is a sign of either a complete noob or someone who 's trolling . 
  few things can piss people off more than a teammate with a type b rainbow build . 
  never ever do this unless you 're bored and want to annoy people . 
   odyrsain kingdon, 
  thracian nobles here i come !, 
  does anyone know if they count as barbarians ? 
  i wan na do [ this ] ( http://imgur.com/a/enpwt ) with thracian units . 
  well they have like 2 in melee defense and pretty weak armor so they 'll die very easily . 
  i guess a pike phalanx is also pretty effective at preventing them from getting close enough to actually use those insane death-scythes they have . 
  but [ thracian nobles ] ( http://dsi0fanyw80ls.cloudfront.net/en/unit/thr_nobles ) !, 
  imagine them with a 80-100 % bonus to melee attack . 
  but cv9040 = cv90 with a 40 mm gun . 
  a science frigate pet could be interesting . 
  it could have some abilities like target x subsystems , sensor analysis , science team , some offensive science ability ( could be something completely new ) etc etc. 
  and ofc enough firepower to be viable . 
  while i generally agree with you , i have encountered a few exceptions in 10v10 games . 
  for example a redfor player on asgard who must have had like 30-40 fucking spgs . 
  he kept his guns fairly spread out and would reposition them after each salvo and there was enough aa to keep all our planes and helos far away . 
  instead of being a minor irritant the guy just systematically wiped out groups of units and generally gave the guys on the right flank a really hard time . 
  acronyms ? 
  you mean iirc , afaik and ofc ? 
  and even if op was talking about making a wiki , troublmaker is still wrong . 
  imo wikis are never redundant because they enable you to check stuff without starting the game and they can often give you more information than the game does ( like silencers ) . 
  that depends . 
  if they 're in the open then practically anything with longer range than them will do . 
  if they 're in a forest or a town , then i usually use airstrikes or artillery . 
  pretty much my go-to defense against elite units . 
  cqc with these guys is generally a really bad idea . 
  i 'd prefer something new and caitian . 
  if the atrox should have its own special frigate it should be a caitian frigate . 
  something sciency with a shield and power drain focus . 
   high-rate-of-fire mortars work very well . 
  especially those french fuckers . 
  17 rpm ( !!! 1 ! ), 
  60 mm mortars that are perfect for covering a small area in tiny tiny explosions . 
  well apparently he only spent 3 days in jail and the court then decided to waive the fine since they considered the jail time to have been enough punishment . 
  apparently he was put in jail so he would n't just flee back to italy . 
  ( google translated ), 
   to be arrested and subject to a travel ban on suspicion of minor offenses is unusual . 
  that this still happened in this case was because it wanted to ensure that the father would not leave the country . 
  here are some examples . 
  ka-52 : stealthy soviet recon helo with anti-radar and anti-air missiles . 
  bmpt : soviet baneblade that can slaughter infantry and light vehicles at an absurd speed . 
  sas : uk special forces with aa missiles . 
  because of their high veterancy they have both a high accuracy and damage modifiers which makes them extremely deadly to helicopters ( and anything else that gets in range ) ,, 
  spetsnaz and li jiang 90 : special forces with thermobaric ( fire ) rocket launchers . 
  will defeat pretty much any infantry at short range . 
  bkan 1 : swedish howitzer with 11 rpm . 
  stormer hmv/adat : missile vehicles capable off targeting vehicles , helicopters and planes . 
  edit : more units, 
  light infantry with longish range at weapons : like the us light riflemen 90 with their 1,9 km range missiles ( check the armory for more ) . 
  since most infantry have 500-900m range at weapons these guys can be an unpleasant surprise . 
  mig 31 and mig 31m : loooooooooooooooooooong range soviet air superiority fighters ( or interceptors according to the game ) that can turn a large part of the map into a no-fly zone . 
  fjb 40 : the east germans crappy sas ripoff . 
  not as good as sas but cheaper and you can get like 33 of them . 
  point is they have manpads so they 're kinda dangerous to helicopters . 
  recce : canadian recon infantry with a 1,2 km range .50 cal sniper and exceptional stealth . 
  vtt-323 hwasung-chong : somehwat shitty north-korean apc with 4x shitty aa missiles . 
  can still be an unpleasant surprise . 
  skrezhet/promet : soviet/polish apc with an aa gun . 
  kinda like the vtt-323 but with a shitty gun instead of missiles . 
  bmp-1d : soviet ifv that instead of the standard shitty atgm has a 30 mm grenade launcher . 
  bmp-3 : it 's like a lighter bmpt except they replaced the 2 grenade launchers with 2,8 km range atgms and troop transport capabilities . 
  wz-550 : chinese atgm vehicle with 3 km range . 
  iirc only `` young '' characters can use it . 
  like they must not be older than x days or something . 
  well that 's what the damn thing is . 
  the only thing more baneblady than the bmpt is the bastardized strb90 h with it 's fucking 4x dual .50 cal mgs , 1x grenade launcher and 1x atgm . 
  ofc it can `` work '' but it would still be worse than if you just went with one damage type . 
  when it comes to your deck i would start with replacing a tank and the deckungsgruppe with 2x panzergrenadier 90 in some marder 1 variant . 
  replace one of the recon cars with recon inf in a helicopter or a cheap recon heli . 
  basically something that can fly and does n't cost a small fortune .
