  sure i play on pc but you do n't really have to aim that much . 
  just dash around and spam bombs/rockets everywhere . 
  every once in a while , if your target is fleeing or just used up his dashes to avoid your bombs or rockets , dash in and start punching . 
  then make a copy of that build and replace dash quickcharger with nuclear ejection . 
   http://i.imgur.com/nfzzltw.jpg in addition it seems the revamp of the older systems has started . 
  q ___ q, 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ tears ^ ^ ^ ^ of ^ ^ ^ ^ joy !, 
  i 'm guessing that they 're merging the romulan and reman engines and deflectors . 
  they were basically the same anyway . 
  why ? 
  the engines are 100 % identical and the only difference between the defectors is that the romulan have a +15 to stealth and +2 % to stealth detection bonus while the reman has a +30 stealth bonus . 
  the set bonuses are also the same . 
  also , as you can see in the picture , all the pieces are part of the `` new romulus command prototype space set '' . 
  the shields on the other hand have different visual effects so keeping those separate does make some sense . 
  they could simply limit the passengers to primary and secondary weapons or something . 
  that 's what i 've suggested in my threads about the phantasm . 
  well it looks like the valkyrie is gon na take the phantasms ( why !? ), 
  role so i 'll just post my old phantasm threads . 
  most of those ideas should work for the valkyrie . 
  my go-to build for the stryder, 
  * triple threat with extended magazine . 
  it 's spamming time . 
  * vortex shield . 
  you need this to survive, 
  * rocket salvo : good direct damage with no lock-on warning . 
  * dash quickcharger or nuclear ejection . 
  * big punch . 
  dash in and punch stuff . 
  the stryder is extremely effective at melee as long as you do n't try to do it againt an orgre from the front . 
  the way you use this build is to simply dash around like a maniac while spamming grenades everywhere . 
  just cover the area with them and your target wo n't be able to avoid taking damage . 
  use the vortex shield to deal with lock-on missiles or if you 're unable to dash . 
  it 's also worth using just to throw an enemies rocket salvo back at them . 
  rocket salvo is imo the best all round option . 
  high damage that ca n't be countered by smoke , does n't give a warning and can be used against pilots . 
  dash quickcharger is best if there are n't that many enemy titans . 
  you 'll probably win most 1v1 with this ability . 
  nuclear ejection is best if the enemies have a lot of titans because then you can use your stryder as a very effective suicide bomber . 
  spam grenades , dash in , eject . 
  if you hit enough enemies with it you 'll get a new stryder in less than aminute . 
  big punch . 
  since the stryder is so damn fast , your targets will have a hard time running away . 
  if your target has its back turned towards you or has a vortex shield up , just dash in and punch it . 
  the voth rep science consoles might be worth checking out . 
  they add some decent shield penetrating damage to many science abilities , including gw . 
  probably [ solf j. kimblee ] ( http://fma.wikia.com/wiki/solf_j._kimblee ) from fma brotherhood . 
  i loved that smug amoral bastard . 
  the slots you 'll put the kit powers in . 
  romulan tactical captain with a bunch of romulan operative boffs and the crippling fire trait . 
   either medieval 3 or a warhammer setting, 
  same here . 
  imo whfb would be perfect for a real tw game . 
  it 's basically late-medieval europe + magic , demons , orcs , dwarves , rat people , posh elves , hippie elves , bdsm elves , satanist vikings etc etc. 
  the faction diversity would be insane . 
  imo the kraber has its roles and can perform them pretty well . 
  for example, 
  * supporting titans : people using archer missiles or charge rifles tend to move really slowly or not at all and often stand on rooftops and other vantage points . 
  this makes them really easy targets . 
  so if your team has a lot of titans , a kraber can be handy for keeping them alive . 
  * punishing low mobility . 
  while the kraber is almost useless against anyone who 's moving around , some people still havent figured out that camping in a window or walking around on the ground is n't a good idea . 
  use the kraber to remind/teach them of this . 
  * clearing hardpoints : as noted above , the kraber can be useful against stationary or slow moving enemies and people defending hardpoints tend to fit that description . 
  and since you know where the hardpoint is , you know ( more or less ) where your targets are . 
  * holding chokepoints from afar : even if your targets are wallrunning at 100 km/h , they can still be easy to hit if they 're running straight towards you . 
  i / r/worldnews, 
  they should at least reduce how far you can throw them . 
  maybe also add some additional delay before you can detonate them . 
   1 class specific trait . 
  stop giving them ideas . 
   it was a mistake not to separate traits , i think - people just choose all space traits and sit up in space . 
  if/when we revisit traits and skills , separating behavior for the two regions would make a lot of sense . 
  i kinda agree with them . 
  i pretty much only have space traits slotted except for the scientist ground traits and one tactical character that i respecced as a ground warfare murder-machine with a 30 % expose chance dyson rep rifle . 
  it would be kinda annoying but if they also rebalance/buff them like they 're planning to do with the reputation traits it would n't be that bad . 
  from wikipedia, 
   over 11,000 have been produced and they are used in more than 37 countries worldwide . 
  and according to the swedish wiki we own 4500 so that means we 've exported about 6500 bv 206, 
  so even if we 're not selling them anymore ( no idea of we do ) a lot of countries are still using them and probably will keep using them for a `` long '' time . 
  was anyone surprised by this ? 
  i just assume that anything from events or the rep system is gon na be character bound . 
  first of all , ( ab ) use your increased dash capabilitiy . 
  this is how you stay alive . 
  use it to dash in and out of cover , to retreat when outnumbered , evade incoming fire or to chase down and finish off your opponent . 
  learn to save your tactical ability . 
  you 're a lot more vulnerable to homing missiles and rodeo than other titans so having your vortex shield or electric smoke ready for those moments is very important . 
  just keep dashing to avoid the normal stuff . 
  use weapons that have high burst damage or are easy to use while moving . 
  weapons with high burst damage is best for `` skirmishing '' or simply peeking in and out of cover . 
  get in , deal some damage , get out . 
  examples , quad rockets and the arc cannon . 
  rocket salvo is probably the best ordnance for this tactic . 
  weapons that are easy to use while movile is kinda self explanatory . 
  you 'll be dashing a lot so it can be hard to hit stuff . 
  weapons like the chaingun ( especially with the rof upgrade ) , the triple threat or rapid fire quad rockets are very useful for this . 
  just move around and spam stuff towards the enemy . 
  imo cluster missiles are the best ordnance for this , but slaved warheads and the mtms also work . 
  with the stryders mobility it 's really easy to dash in and punch stuff . 
  just do n't try to melee an ogre while indoors . 
  suicide bombing .
