  that would be the orc big boss they have n't added ( yet ) . 
  there should even be a savage and black orc variant . 
  i 'd like to know what exactly your restrictions are in terms of following the `` official canon '' . 
  i guess you ca n't do whatever you want but for example you made outriders with grenade launchers and nasty skulkers completely separate units so you 're apparently allowed to kinda bend the rules a little bit . 
  do you have any plans on adding things from older sources than the 8th edition ? 
  like for example warhammer siege ( contain way more types of siege equipment than just siege towers and battering rams ) or warhammer armies : kislev ( 6th edition ) . 
  i just think a lot of minor factions could use some fleshing out ( especially kislev , tilea , estalia and the border princes ) but afaik most sources are kinda old or come from stuff like the warhammer roleplay books . 
  i know , bit i can still dream ok . 
  i 'm just a bit annoyed at things that are basically gws `` fault '' and ca ca n't do anything about it . 
  like the dwarfs lack of any mobile ground unit or the greenskins bow fetish . 
  i kinda like it but i wish we they had also added the savage orc warboss and given them the same savage orc skills as wurrzag . 
  kinda sucks not being able to field more than one army of super savage orcs . 
  for me its worse when they suddenly appear on the same roof as me . 
  maybe the ggs should get a slightly different skill tree since afaik the ggs are forest goblins ( at least they could use the arachnarok as a mount in tt ) and not night goblins . 
  like replace the bonuses for night goblins and squigs with bonuses for the spider units and some other fitting bonus . 
  i kinda want to try some form of combination between the current system and a `` pop cap '' system like in many rts games . 
  lets say an army had a 100 pop limit + some max unit limit and most normal units cost around 5 pop but a really shitty unit might only cost 2-3 pop and better units like 10 pop . 
  imo the greenskins faction should be something that pops up after enough tribes/territory have been confederated or conquered . 
  sort of like how your faction changed name when you confederated in rome 2 . 
  same thing for the empire and the dwarfs . 
  deployable equipment . 
  the bretonnian peasant archers are most likely getting this with their wooden stakes but i wish we could get more stuff like that for other factions . 
  edit : buildings that you can station troops on top of like in rome 2 . 
  would make siege battles inside the walls a bit more interesting . 
  maybe he could get a bonus that transform x % of the units normal damage to ap damage so that units that barely do any ap damage at all ( like crossbowmen and swordsmen ) would benefit more from it . 
  or he could get a campaign skill that give all units in his army + x ap damage . 
  so that 's why the rangers seemed so inferior to the quarrellers !, 
  i just checked the encyclopedia and they 're supposed to have the same ranged damage but i remember the rangers having much lower damage than the quarrellers in my campaign . 
  imo the game would be much better if the titans had regenerating shields like in t1 . 
  that way you could kinda peak around corners and take a few shots without taking too much hp damage even without a particle wall or a gun-shield . 
  and the damn ronin would be waaaaay better for hit and run attacks if you could dash in , fire a few shots , dash out and wait for the shield to recharge . 
  atm short range hit and run tactics does n't feel very viable except like in a 1v1 vs a northstar . 
  free stuff ? 
  yes please !, 
  sweden, 
  1 ) neutrality : diplomatic bonuses with all other factions but can not enter any military alliances ( defensive alliances are still fine ) . 
  2 ) antisocial : swedish units get a morale penalty if things get too crowded . 
  3 ) to the last finn : can donate money/equipment/units to neighboring nations if they are being invaded as long as you 're `` neutral '' . 
  i would love sienna fuegonasus as a hero if she had the ability to spam fire everywhere like she does in vermintide . 
  maybe not if you 're some kind of savant . 
   conclusions, 
   persons with transsexualism , after sex reassignment , have considerably higher risks for mortality , suicidal behaviour , and psychiatric morbidity than the general population . 
  our findings suggest that sex reassignment , ** although alleviating gender dysphoria ** , may not suffice as treatment for transsexualism , and should inspire improved psychiatric and somatic care after sex reassignment for this patient group . 
  would you rather have pubes for teeth or teeth for pubes ? 
  imo the mortis engine is pretty damn nice since it both heals your own units and damage nearby enemies . 
  when storming through the gates of a city you can just park it just outside the combat and let its auras do their things . 
  not for the allowed age range setting which is why i asked . 
  nasty skulkers and marauder horsemasters were sort of in the tt . 
  nasty skulkers were like an upgrade/attachment for normal goblins rather than independent units . 
  the horsemasters are included [ here ] ( https://www.games-workshop.com/en-dk/chaos-marauder-horsemen-2016 ) so apparently they were in tt but i guess they were like an officer type character . 
  imo they would have fitted better with the beastmen as some form of reptilian mutants but it 's a bit too late for that with aos and all that crap . 
  i know that but aos is n't really whfb thus it 's too late to add them to whfb since it 's dead . 
  i 'm just saying , they 're a bunch of rapey chaos worshiping humanoid animal-thingies . 
  they could have fitted quite well with the beastmen ( more like the cattlemen atm ) . 
  i would guess that horsemaster is the aos name for the marauders chieftain and ca decided to go with horsemaster cause a unit of chieftains would have been kinda weird . 
  i wish it came back even if we ca n't rodeo the old way . 
  increased damage vs titans and all the robotic ais could be pretty nice to have . 
  then it could be used as some form of anti-reaper gun , 
  buildings that you can either put units inside of ( like in empire ) or on top of ( like in r2 ) . 
  a lot of the buildings in the settlements in tw : w have stuff like crenels/embrasures so they really look like you should be able to station some units on top of it . 
  would make siege defenses inside the walls more interesting . 
  i also kinda miss the barricades from atilla . 
  they were added to the chaos roster with the wurrzag flc . 
  i have n't really played much chaos since they were added ( or before tbh ) but apparently they will absolutely destroy low tier infantry since they have aoe attacks and they 're good against anything with physical resist since they do magical damage . 
  it was actually permanent in tt and you could stack it . 
  i really hope they replace one of the spells with enchanted blades of aiban . 
  from 1d4chan, 
   wizard magically sharpens the weapons of everyone around him . 
  target unit gets +1 bonus to hitting with shooting or melee attacks for a turn . 
  ** makes them magical and armor piercing . 
  ** pretty nice spell when you 're running big units , or your favorite unit is meeting its equal on the battlefield . 
  so a bonus to melee attack , accuracy and turning all the units damage into magical ap damage ... 
  i need this . 
  i also think balt should get some passive buffs , either to nearby units or the entire army . 
  if a gorebull can increase the armor of nearby units by up to 15 by shear willpower then baltasar should be able to do something like that if not better . 
  damn his skill tree looks nice , but once again it also makes me sad about most other lords . 
  i hope the old world edition comes with some changes to the old content . 
  there are no warpaints for the weapons though . 
  warpaints are the titan-specific paintjobs that you get from killing sprees . 
  no , there 's a special warpaint category for the titan paintjobs . 
  i want weapon camos that match those . 
   added friendly fire to blast attack, 
  rip beam staff q_q, 
  i just wish that the points were shared when you get an assist or doomed a titan . 
  some games when i 'm using my northstar i do so much fucking damage to the enemy titans but often end up with some fairly shitty score since i did n't get many kills ( of any kind ) . 
  not when i 'm already using a titan ... 
   some games when i 'm using my northstar, 
   holo pilot buff ( not sure how you would do this though ), 
  maybe they could give the holo pilot an ai so it could run around and act like a pilot for a while . 
  i think different language ais could be a fun thing for the prime titans they mentioned [ here ] ( https://www.titanfall.com/en_us/news/frontier-news-network-2/ ) . 
  like a legion variant built on a german speaking colony . 
  i would either like their mobility or durability to get reduced a bit . 
  i actually like that they can do some serious damage but i hate when the fuckers are just dancing around and refuse to die . 
  i also think that stalkers ( and maybe specters ) should get some form of buff . 
  right now they 're just slow useless bullet sponges 99 % of the time . 
  i wish they became a bit more of a threat and gave like 2 points . 
  unfortunately nope . 
  i agree . 
  the more i play the more i want the shields back . 
  i absolutely hate how you can suddenly just lose an entire health bar with no warning and i totally agree about pilots just plinking away at you , like with the charge rifle + the charge hack upgrade .
