  enjoy . 
  i messed around with it on tribble and damn that thing is fast . 
  it felt like flying a smallcraft except you had the firepower , durability and abilities of a normal tier 5 escort . 
  it 's a `` regular '' ship . 
  maybe they 're gon na release hl3 soon and do n't want all their fans to be completely broke when it happens . 
   se is the easiest one and ** the only one without a failure condition . 
  iirc , the hive ca n't be failed either , though soloing it would probably be pretty much impossible , especially after the recent buffs . 
  i think it 's the ships name . 
  the corvette has an absurd amount of customization when it comes to colors , patters and stuff like that . 
  i think the whole diplo victory needs some rebalancing . 
  it comes too early and in the end it 's still pretty much the economic victory since money and/or freedom + trade routes is the best way to get the city states loyalty , the problem is simply that venice is the master of those two . 
  they should nerf donating money to city states . 
  limit it to 250 gold per donation . 
  the standing increase should n't be instant but should happen after x turns . 
  the further away the city state is from your capital , the longer it takes for the gold to arrive . 
  you ca n't donate more gold until the previous donation has already arrived . 
  they should also buff the standing increase from doing missions for city states . 
  helping them out in their time of need should be much more appreciated than just throwing money at them . 
  maybe they should give city states two different standings , one for the goverment and one for the people . 
  the leaders might be your puppets but the people do n't like you , increasing the chance of succesful coups and stuff like that . 
  that 's also a good point . 
  the fact that the un can come so early is a problem . 
  maybe it should also have some additional bonuses , like the owner always being the host ( maybe let people elect the secretary-general instead ) so it 's useful even without diplo victory . 
  they 're also adressing the fact that these changes would reduce the carriers dps . 
  maybe our pets will finally get their skills trained !, 
   not sure i agree with your changes specifically, 
  yeah , i just tend to brainstorm and post my ideas since i think that bad ideas are better than none . 
  well the atrox should also get a frigate pet , it 's the only carrier that does n't have one ( though the jh dread only barely has one ) . 
   all hangar craft will now be far more likely to avoid the explosions caused by any warp core breach . 
  i have an idea for a challenge . 
  domination victory only . 
  raging barbarians . 
  no city razing . 
  you are only allowed to build x ( not decided how many ) military units , the homeguard . 
  those units are not allowed to leave your territory ( unless maybe to escort a settler ) but are only there to protect your cities and civilianss . 
  you must then use missionaries with the heathen conversion reformation belief ( if another civ takes it , restart ) to build an army of dirty plebs and use these to take over the world . 
  find encampments and use them to farm free units . 
  you are not allowed to delete these units . 
  if you have too many barbarians and you 're running out of money , start a war and send them to their death . 
  if you capture too many cities and your empire becomes really unhappy , good . 
  you now have another source of free barbarians . 
  keep on converting , keep on zerging . 
  bonus : play as france . 
  the converted barbarians are now the french foreign legion and the missionaries the recruiters . 
   space adventure zone along with several new events designed to challenge maximum level captains by facing off against a deadly new enemy that was introduced in star trek : voyager . 
  the talaxian/kazon empire is coming !!!!, 
  edit : if you did n't notice , i was being sarcastic . 
  the kazon is a horrible idea . 
  2 of these 3 uus, 
  * venice uu : merchant of venice, 
  explore the world and steal all the good stuff before anyone else can . 
  you forgot the talaxians and the hierarchy !, 
  is it possible to change the public opinion and get rid of the penalty without changing ideology ? 
  like if i increase my culture output and stuff like that ? 
   m5 half-track - is this thing even capable of shooting down planes ? 
  maybe not , but it 's very capable of shooting down german infantry . 
   su-76 - again , why bother building this ? 
  seriously ? 
  really ? 
  first of all it 's a pretty decent td against german t3 stuff as long as you can stay out of range but the best thing about it is the ** free fucking barrage !!!!, 
  ** it 's like a slightly weaker version of the zis-3s barrage but it does n't cost any ammo . 
  it 's awesome against bunkers , weapon teams and soft/stationary targets in general . 
  unless they 've changed it since last time i played it 's free . 
  hang in there , before you know it you 'll be doing manned landings on other planets and assembling space stations by docking stuff in orbit . 
  you could also download the mechjeb plugin , it 's a tool with everything from extra info to an autopilot . 
  it can be very useful either for training or to do some of the more tedious stuff ( like getting into orbit ) even after you 've learned how to do it yourself . 
  jem ` hadar ( and possibly vorta , or at least boffs ) as a playable race . 
  could be like the remans , a c-store and reputation ( dominion invasion rep grind ? ), 
  a special emote for cardassians called `` smug '' . 
   in order to sell the romulans , they overpowered them so much that federation and klingon characters are now sub-optimal in nearly every regard . 
  the only thing op about the romulans is their boff space traits . 
  and all their ships have a huge power penalty in exchange for a few gimmick powers . 
  is n't that something just changelings can do ? 
  while they never explaied what it was , i assumed it meant that odo changed his neck so it looked like a cardassians or something like that . 
   however , no mine is going to be as good as simply putting a seventh beam array on the back . 
  i thought you should n't use more than 6 beams because the increased power drain would result in little to no increase in damage . 
  well i just figured they could have some dominion defectors or alpha jem ` hadars in their ranks . 
  let 's say bashir succesfully made a cure for the jem ` hadars ketracel white addiction , garak then `` somehow '' got his hands on it and now the cardassian union is giving it to any jhs willing to join them . 
  the cardassians could use the manpower and anyone defecting from the dominion probably share their feelings towards it . 
  kinda ironic since ( imo ) mega man [ looks kinda vanu . 
   small maps with chokepoints favor germans . 
  unless you 're like me an likes to abuse the russians cheap at mines . 
  i feel so sorry for everyone who ca n't get theirs . 
  this is the best beamscort ever . 
  i got it for 4 characters but 3 of those are already flying expensive ships so only one of them will actually use it regularly . 
  on the other hand , a beam corvette in the hands of a tac captain is pretty hillarious . 
  i named it the u.s.s. 
  blaze of glory because it flies in , faws all over the place , gets aggroed by absolutely everything at the same time and then either dodge stuff like neo or goes pop . 
  but ... but ... d :, 
  what about my elite tholian mesh weavers !?!?!?!? 
  sweden . 
  i ca n't stand the fucking voice acting . 
  sometimes i even declare war just so i wo n't have to listen to him except for him wanting peace . 
   decrease the ability to spend lots of money in one turn . 
  similar to the restrictions on donating troops each monetary amount can only be picked once per turn . 
  thus you ca n't spend 3000 gold in one turn on one city . 
  you have to space it out . 
  one suggestion i made was that you should only be able to donate 250 gold at a time to a city state and that you would have to wait for the money to arrive before you can donate any more . 
  the time it takes for it to arrive should also depend on the distance between the cs and your capital . 
  that way buying their loyalty would take time and it would be harder to compete with civs who are closer to a cs .
