  it 's always better to sentence someone `` deserving '' the death penalty to life in prison rather than risking killing an innocent man . 
  well the drawback would be that you put points into missiles rather than something more useful . 
  i think in order to fix the multiplayer it needs to be disconnected from the singleplayer lore . 
  send us to the mass effect mirror universe were everything is made up and the lore does n't matter . 
  this happened in january so i 'm not sure i would call it news . 
  looks like a neater , prettier , simplified dwarf fortress . 
  just needs more dwarves and [ fun !!!, 
  ] ( http://dwarffortresswiki.org/index.php/v0.31:losing ) . 
  spawn in the balota area . 
  loot the military camp and/or the airfield for a nice weapon . 
  then head to the northwest hospital in cherno and the 5 residential buildings around it . 
  there you should be able to find medical supplies , food , drink , tools like hunting kife , compass etc and most likely pistols and ammo . 
  circlejerk is leaking again . 
  this is why i almost wish dayz had more character customization so groups of friends could get matching clothes or something . 
  though on the other hand , the chaos and confusion is part of the game i guess . 
  not much except that it 's in the middle of the map . 
  and sometimes ( because of a glitch ) people will spawn at the 0,0 cordinated wich is inside a house in novy sobor . 
  i think the `` opening and drinking of soda '' sound might also happen randomly . 
  i 've heard it several times really close to me but i 've been unable to find anything but zombies . 
  unless ofc zombies drink soda . 
  another ammo glitch is that if you [ convert ] ( http://www.dayzwiki.com/wiki/index.php?title=convert_magazines ) a magazine to another type , lets say .45 revolver mag to 1911 mag you get a full mag no matter how much ammo was left . 
  this can be used to refill almost empty mags since you convert it to the other and then back again you just created some bullets out of thin air . 
  could be concidered a bit `` cheaty '' but concidering all the other bullshit people do in this game i do n't think it 's that bad . 
  i guess there could be different alien sheps for different classes . 
  i would n't call those bases really . 
  it 's just a hq with 2 turrets . 
  a new future era since the old one has been renamed . 
  stuff like space elevators , orbital drop infantry and other possible near future things . 
  tourism and immigration as results of open borders . 
  the monkeylords stealth makes up for what it lacks in health . 
  you think you 're safe an all of the sudden your army is destroyed by a giant death spider . 
  i was hoping we were gon na play as aria and have batarian , vorcha and krogan squad members . 
  unfortunately it does n't look that way . 
  sounds like someone has been playing dayz . 
  but people like me who did n't play it at all can at least try it for the story . 
  now i kinda wish we could ban plastic surgery for those who do n't need it . 
  if we got a sentinel with pull , a detonator ability and an anti shield ability it could be useful . 
  overload/drain , pull , detonate . 
  because dayz is the latest popular zombie game that has been in gaming news everywhere lately . 
  and where did i claim that dayz invented any of that ? 
   17.85 ** stone **, 
  maybe so but stones and pounds are both imperial units so if you do n't know one you probably do n't know the other . 
  it 's kinda as if i said he was roughly 1 fathom 9 quarters . 
  well i just felt it could be inspired by dayz since the zombie genre has been kinda dead lately after the zombie bandwagon of 2011 eventually died off . 
  but now dayz shows up and gets almost a million players in about 2 months while still in alpha and i know that it has at least made intressted in zombie games again . 
  anther tip for flying helicopters . 
  use autohover for takeoff and landings . 
  it will keep your helicopter steady while you use increase/decrease thrust to go up or down . 
  ah , the old reddit switch-a-roo . 
  phwonline, 
  while i would really like collectors and mercs as new factions i also like [ this ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/mecoop/comments/v0959/idea_for_new_enemies_split_each_faction_into/ ) idea of splitting the factions we have into a couple of sub-factions . 
  for example, 
   alpha wing, 
   faction : geth, 
   traits : geth rocket troopers and primes can boost shields . 
  geth primes wield spitfires instead of shotguns . 
  that 's also how most people react after visiting / r/rainbowbar, 
  i really like [ extended eras ] ( http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=78516377 ) . 
  makes technology go in marathon speed while everything else is in standard speed + some other small changes . 
  have they fixed the ballistic blade cover bug yet ? 
  not being able to use it from cover makes it really hard to use on harder difficulties where you really do n't want to stand out in the open for long . 
  well apparently she 's been doing a really good down in engineering . 
  where she has spent 99 % of her times with me in all three games . 
  so i guess i love her for working as a technician on my ship free of charge . 
  not many would do that you know . 
  if you 're lucky you might get the same bug me and my friends has had with vehicles . 
  we 've blown up a few tractors and a van and after the next server reset it 's back to whatever shape it was before the explosion , standing in the same spot it exploded . 
  i did not know that . 
  i thought destroyed vehicles respawned at one of them vehicle spawns and that this was just some uncommon bug . 
  or just make icebreaking something that is unlocked for workboats with some lategame technology . 
  all i could think was `` turn on auto-hover , turn on auto-hover , turn on auto-hover ! '', 
  q ____ q, 
  iirc he has said the standalone game will cost around 15 euro . 
  at least to begin with . 
  i do n't understand why they did n't get into the other chopper since they all seemed to believe the first one would blow up and kill them long before it did . 
  i used to find it kinda useful as an smg that could have an armor piercing mod but with the new mods it 's not even good for that . 
  crowd control sentinel . 
  singularity, 
  overload or energy drain, 
  reave, 
  cast singularity and then strip all enemies of their shields . 
  laugh as they fly around in the air and then detonate them with reave . 
  i wa n't a future era again . 
  it was probably a good thing they renamed it in g&k since it was n't very futuristic but now i want a new one . 
  space elevators , moon colonies , new units like orbital drop infantry ( upgraded paratroopers ) etc etc. 
  also better exploration . 
  either some new units that you can upgrade your scouts into or just give scouts bonuses with different techs so they become better over time . 
  indeed . 
  i managed to get an l85 and an as50 from a couple of guys on the tall silo . 
  was doing some recon by fire while my friends provided sniper support . 
  got killed at close range by someone with a dmr/m14 who had been hiding in the corridor . 
  after finally spawning near cherno again i found a 1911 and climbed up the ladders again . 
  but this time he was n't in the corridor so he was most likely on the roof . 
  i then turn around and see a man stand a few meters away from me with a dmr . 
  i manage to kill him , loot his body and then die because this was some other guy with a dmr that had just logged in . 
  my friends ( who do n't know the layout of cherno very well ) finally figured out were this guy was and put a .50 cal bullet in him . 
  then i once again climb up all the ladders , find 2x dmr , an l85 , an as50 and a ton of other loot . 
  it was a good day . 
  i would . 
  not sure what i would be doing in the us but i 'm pretty sure i would go to the swedish embassy asap .
