  the ai fleeing from its ritual site like in that video . 
  unless this is fixed quickly it looks like the campaign will just be stupidly easy . 
  tbh this is a problem with the ai being cowardly in general, 
  does the ai know how to deal with the sneaky skaven settlements ? 
  if they look like ruins to everyone else i suspect the ai could be confused about where to attack . 
  have the fixed the kill count bug for some spells ? 
  i really dislike how direct damage spells , bombardment spells and some vortex spells do n't give the caster any kills . 
  and averland !, 
  their ll `` the mad count of averland '' have some special rules and stuff in tt because he 's bat shit insane and would imo make a pretty interesting empire ll if they manage to implement his madness into both battles and the campaign . 
  also , since the empire still have some missing units and characters i think averland would be a great faction to combine them with while middenland gets their own fancy units from storm of chaos . 
  yup, 
   marius leitdorf , known most infamously as the mad count of averland , is the ~ ~ late ~ ~ elector count of averland and is counted as one of the empire 's bravest if not most insane generals within the empire 's armed forces . 
  not many men can be said to have waged wars against forests , swarms of bees and half-imagined fishmen , so it is not without good reason that marius leitdorf is known as the mad count . 
  most knew marius for his eccentric and flamboyant nature ; his bouts of screaming rage , his periods of melancholy and his mercurial conduct at court . 
   ** indeed , for it is common knowledge that he relied on the advice of his warhorse , daisy kurt von helboring ii , as much as any advisors . 
  maybe he could have a quest chain about his war with the trees . 
  it could start silly with his strange delusions but end in a quest battle against an actual army made up tons and tons of dryads , tree-kins and treemen . 
  i only noticed the tax province checkbox after watching that tw : w2 tutorial video . 
  800 hours of tw : w and i never noticed that fucking checkbox !, 
  how ? 
  beyond your comprehension !, 
  [ big fat fucking checkbox right under the growth info ] ( http://guides.gamepressure.com/totalwarwarhammer/gfx/word/528486349.jpg ), 
  i 'm honestly amazed i managed to miss it . 
  imo the beastmen ambushes are too easy . 
  sure you can only deploy on one side but the enemy have basically nowhere to run . 
  i think the lothern sea guard are supposed to be more like ordinary ranged units than hybrid units , except if they need to they can defend themselves in melee . 
  and the free company militia is one of my favorite units for the empire against most factions except the dwarfs and chaos ( curse their damn armor ) . 
  most of the time i use them as flank defenders because they can deal with both ranged cavalry and light cavalry/warhounds/other light fast shit units . 
  then after those units are dealt with they can flank the enemy and start shooting them in the rear . 
  my armies tend to have a main line of 6-8 of the heaviest infantry i can afford atm , often flanked by two fcm on each side , 4 ish crossbowmen behind the main line , usually some artillery ( late game also some luminarks of deathray ) and then my cavalry behind them ready to intercept flankers . 
  if the ai have any units like pistoliers , marauder horsemen etc ( which they almost always do because the ai fucking love those things ) they will always go for my flanks and unless i have something even faster i need to use ranged units to deal with them . 
  without the fcm this job would usually go to my crossbowmen but since the fcm can both return fire against ranged cav and put up a decent fight in melee ( at least with the bonus from honest steel ) my crossbowmen can focus on the enemies main force . 
  do we have to take cost into account or do we have like unlimited funds ? 
  yeah during late game a few units of demigryphs with halberds is what i tend to use as my rear guard cavalry . 
  you could also keep like 2 halberdiers as backup behind your main line and then use them to assist whoever is attacked by large units . 
  well with unlimited funds i would probably go with something like ironbreakers as the main line , waywatchers as ranged infantry , some chosen with halberds to deal with large units , probably some demigryph knights as cavalry ( could replace them and the chosen with demigryphs with halberds ) and then some strange mix of artillery with maybe 1-2 luminarks of hysh . 
  and probably a lore of life mage of some sort to keep everything alive . 
  if the buffing skills for master engineers can stack then maybe an army made up of master engineers , waywatchers and some artillery could work . 
  their ranged attacks are kinda shitty but you get 120 guys per unit instead of 90 so in the end they have some pretty solid dps against large low armor targets like giants . 
  they 're basically shittier swordsmen with pistols instead of shields . 
  pretty awesome early on but if you 're fighting enemies with armored large units like chaos knights then it 's probably time to replace them . 
  i like it . 
  logical way to make the power both extremely powerful yet really disgusting ( unlike the ideas i had in my head of stuff more literal versions of `` projectile vomit '' and `` explosive diarrhea '' ) . 
  now i 'm also imagining a supervillain with sycamores powers . 
  just imagine the damage they could do even with a small scale version . 
  yeah the main thing about their archers is imo that they 're mobile and usually stealthy so they can move around and harass people . 
   he is basically a beginner and is going through slowly and trying to work through things . 
  i did n't know that when i watched the unit roster video . 
  i just ended up being annoyed . 
  nice !, 
  i rarely used normal lords that much in tw : w because of their mortality . 
  well since i basically only use lls for my main armies and do n't use that many agents ( unless i can recruit them at a decent level ) i usually just suffer some temporary drawbacks . 
  i remember people talking about the harasser ( buggy ) and/or faction versions being added in the future and i was wondering if there is any more information about future vehicles . 
  have there been any mentions about the deliverer and lodestar ? 
  will there be some sort of artillery ? 
  any info would be appreciated . 
  broadcast ingame said that amerish will come online after about 2 hours . 
  that is all . 
  after posting [ this ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/planetside/comments/12q082/idea_for_an_outfit_based_on_warhammer_40k/c6x7k79 ) is the wh40k thread , i had the thought `` why ca n't i have a sword ? '' . 
  so i started thinking about melee weapons in ps2 . 
  a lot of the fighting is in extremely close quarter , and the only melee weapon we have is the knife , which tbh is quite boring . 
  so i had the idea that maybe we should be able replace both the knife and pistol with something like a sword , or maybe a sword + pistol combo , resulting in lower accuracy , higher recoil and slower reload , but a much more powerful melee attack with longer reach and +1000 awesomeness . 
  you could even add something similar to the max armor , giving us a real use of the max special ability . 
  imagine you 're fighting in a large base , lots of indoor combat and plenty of fortified enemies , so you turn your max into something like [ these ] ( http://epicduckstudios.com/wp-content/gallery/warhammer-40k/sm_terminators_um_hammers.jpg ) bamfs and charge like a man , bashing in skulls like there 's no tomorrow . 
  then they should also add bayonets as a rail attachment for carbines , assault rifles and shotguns , giving us a faster melee attack with longer reach than the normal knife . 
  recently i 've been experiencing something that i believe has to be a bug of some sort . 
  i created a new character recently after unlocking 2 extra char slots and decided that since the leadership trait was fixed i would try using only human boffs . 
  because of that i paid extra attention to my passive hull repair rate to see how much difference they would make , and noticed that sometimes it would spike to absurd levels and then later dissappear , sometimes for no reason , but mostly because my ship blew up . 
  i have had things like 48 , 71 and 88 % hull repair in combat with almost no crew left , and lately i 've been flying around with 145.5 % repair rate , in combat , at full crew . 
  this makes me able to just laugh at incoming damage as i regen a whooping 2.5 % health per second . 
  some people said it had to be the human boffs , but as i mentioned , the repair rate would usually go down to normal levels after a while , levels that were consistent with the rate i should have according to my own calculations . 
  i ca n't say that i complain but it 's still really really strange . 
  so , have anyone else experienced this and/or do you have any clue what is causing this ? 
  i 've been playing this game since beta and have come up with a few ideas for other powers for infantry and vehicles , as alternative to stuff like infiltrator cloak , ha shield etc etc. 
  ** heavy assault : nanite strength enhancer . 
  ** this power would trade durability for lower recoil and higher melee damage . 
  it should have a slight recoil reduction even while inactive , but when activates , it would be kinda like having an extra foregrip and compensator . 
  the advantages of this would obviously be that has could use their main weapon much more effectively but at the expense of being as squishy as normal infantry . 
  ** infiltrator : nanite strength enhancer . 
  ** same as for ha , possibly a weapon sway reduction . 
  would help those who only wants to be snipers and do n't give a damn about the whole stealth thing . 
  infiltrator : permacloak . 
  alows infiltrators to permanently cloak , but at the trade of having no main weapon . 
  pretty much just the ps1 cloak . 
  would help those who want to actually infiltrate and not camp in the distance . 
  ** light assault : assault pack . 
  ** would be to drifter jet what the icarus jump jets were to the normal jet pack . 
  extremely high forward velocity , enabling the la to quickly close the distance between him and his target as well as moving between cover faster . 
  pretty much the max charge for las but with a faster recharge . 
  ** vanguard : infantry shield . 
  ** this shield , would unlike the normal shield , not protect the vanguard from stuff like rockets and tank shells . 
  instead it would erect a shield bubble around itself that reduces the damage of incoming small arms fire by lets say 50 % , enabling the vanguard to protect friendly infantry during base assaults and other situations where you have a lot of infantry charging forward like madmen . 
  ** magrider : ambush . 
  ** a deploy ability , making the magrider stationary and barely able to turn ( 25 % of normal turnrate ) and also unable to fire . 
  but in return , it would become invisible . 
  it would take about 2 seconds to undeploy and get engines and weapons back online , but then you would hopefully be behind whoever you wanted to ambush , giving you some free shots to his rear . 
  ** prowler : flanking speed . 
  ** pretty much sprinting for tanks . 
  while active , the prowler would get a significant speed boost , and unlike the magburner , it would last for lets say , 10 seconds . 
  this should help the prowler to get into a range where it can use its guns more effectively , or as a means of escape when things arent looking too good .
