  for example some units for the norscans that were mentioned on [ this wiki page ] ( http://warhammerfantasy.wikia.com/wiki/norsca ) . 
  * huskarls : norscans with decent armor . 
  sort of the personal elite warriors of the chieftain . 
  might just be another word for chaos warriors but if so then the norscans should have some limited access to those units . 
  * [ norscan berserkers ] ( http://warhammerfantasy.wikia.com/wiki/norscan_berserker ) : frenzied damage dealer infantry . 
  maybe they could also be available for the woc from the marauder tribes building chain . 
  i would also like some province specific units for the empire , like hochland long-rifles . 
  are they adding some special torpedo slots as well or what does the t mean ? 
  they should add some setting and/or event to disable that trigger so you can end up with the whole map engulfed in flames . 
  i honestly think that the ai controlled factions should get different nerfs and buffs depending on who you 're playing as so that your main enemies wo n't get wiped out so easily by other factions . 
  [ this picture ] ( http://i.imgur.com/kfqjbbm.jpg ) is from my second successful beastman campaign and woc did like 90 % of the work when it came to taking out everyone except the norscans . 
  i did n't even have to go to brettonia at all and in the end i actually had to race the woc doomstacks to raze settlements for the victory objectives . 
  [ it 's better in english ] ( http://www.honga.net/totalwar/warhammer/unit.php?l=en&amp;v=warhammer&amp;f=wh_main_chs_chaos&amp;class=shp_mel ), 
  there is a [ group of mercenary orcs ] ( http://warhammerfantasy.wikia.com/wiki/ruglud%27s_armoured_orcs ) using crossbows , heavy armor and shields that work for pretty much anyone . 
  so basically orc quarrellers for hire . 
  not pictured , someone important shouting `` to me sons of sigmar ! '', 
  yeah but right now i 'm happy just holding on to the silver road province ( i 've lost both pillars of grugni and mt squighorn several times and just barely managed to defend karaz-a-karak against a never ending stream of orcs ) and do n't really have time to hunt down a bunch of greenskin armies that raided me for a turn or two . 
  never !, 
  fortunately the vampire counts are also at war with them and have razed several of their settlements so together we might be able to deal with the grobi scum . 
  no mods/very hard, 
  i 've seen it many many times but never 7 !, 
  no , the axe of dargo demands blood !, 
  i have conquered the rest of the provinces to the north , it 's just that grimgor sometimes like to show up with like 5 stacks + some waaaghs and attack the silver road . 
  and atm chaos is stuck trying to take kraka drak from me so i 'm not too worried about archaon and co. 
  same here , i literally did n't even have to manually fight any beastmen armies at all because the three times i actually encountered them they just had a few trash units . 
  try to become like [ this guy ] ( http://i.imgur.com/zboxbwg.gifv ) or something and no one will dare to make comments about you . 
  nope , but they 're both archosaurs . 
  yes !, 
  much sooner than i thought but still enough time to play deus ex before i have to play more tw : w. 
  when chosen to lead a grand campaign , helman ghorst confers a bonus to the casualty replenishment rate of all vampire counts armies . 
  ** in addition , all units in helman ghorst 's army gain poison attacks . 
  well that sounds pretty damn nasty . 
  and the regiments of renown sound pretty nice , really looking forward to seeing what the other factions will get for their ror . 
  here 's the steam page info . 
  total war : warhammer -- the grim & the grave, 
  the grim & the grave is the first lords pack for total war : warhammer . 
  bolstering the forces of both the empire and the vampire counts , it introduces famous rival characters and new iconic units from the world of warhammer fantasy battles to your campaigns and battles . 
  two new legendary lords ... 
  ... with new quest chains , magic items and skill trees, 
  two new additional lord types, 
  five all-new battlefield units plus variants, 
  five new battlefields for custom battles and multiplayer battles, 
  18 elite regiments of renown, 
  ever-devious and ever-ruthless , the unliving aristocracy summons forth horrifying new threats to unman the forces of the empire . 
  smelling blood on the tainted air , the strigoi ghoul kings stir from their stale catacombs , while mannfred 's darkest student , helman ghorst , pauses in his damnable studies and readies the corpse-carts for battle . 
  but the proud men of the empire do not stand idly by in the face of such unholy threats . 
  even now the call goes out , and all eyes turn to volkmar the grim , grand theogonist of the cult of sigmar . 
  pious and forbidding , karl franz ' staunchest ally calls forth his arch lectors and rides into battle on the war altar of sigmar , a sight to strike terror even into the unbeating hearts of the undead . 
  man versus vampire : legend versus legend . 
  the grim and the grave . 
  new legendary lords, 
  volkmar the grim is the grand theogonist , the head of the cult of sigmar and the most powerful religious leader in the empire . 
  he is a pious and foreboding man who is utterly devoted to the destruction of chaos in all its forms . 
  when he accompanies an army into battle , he typically rides atop the resplendent war altar of sigmar , inspiring the soldiers around him to great acts of heroism as he strikes the followers of evil down with powerful blows and words of divine force . 
  volkmar is a holy terror on the battlefield , a man who fights with the fury of sigmar himself . 
  it is said that his soul is forged of steel , and he fights the malign influence of chaos with every fibre of his being . 
  when volkmar leads a grand campaign , any flagellant you recruit into his army will gain improvements to their weapon damage and charge bonus stats , and will be cheaper to recruit . 
  quests, 
  volkmar may embark on quests to earn his legendary items . 
  the jade griffon provides a passive augment that regenerates volkmar 's health , while the staff of command brings a number of improvements to volkmar 's combat skills , public order management and post-battle loot income . 
  battle prayers, 
  volkmar can unlock three grand battle prayers to utter in combat , improving the offensive and defensive capabilities of himself and those around him . 
  unique mount, 
  when volkmar has unlocked his battle prayers , he gains access to the war altar of sigmar , a resplendent fighting platform replete with a vast bronze griffon bearing ghal maraz . 
  unique skills, 
  volkmar has the unique skills para bellum aeturnus and heretic hunter , which improve the abilities of flagellants and warrior priests in both battle and campaign . 
  helman ghorst was once a man , yet that life was ripped from him . 
  the loss of his father and brothers to plague sent ghorst into an obsessive madness ; he began studying the black arts in the hope of returning his lost kin to life . 
  coming to the attention of mannfred von carstein , the count taught him necromancy , transforming helman into something beyond the grief-maddened man from templehof . 
  now , he is carried through the night on a bone-ridged cart , pulled not by horses , but by the brothers he so desperately wished to save -- each a once-handsome farrier restored to a mockery of life , forced to stumble along at the head of their brother 's unloving host . 
  when chosen to lead a grand campaign , helman ghorst confers a bonus to the casualty replenishment rate of all vampire counts armies . 
  in addition , all units in helman ghorst 's army gain poison attacks . 
  quests, 
  helman may embark upon a quest for the liber noctus , a legendary tome which weakens his enemies in battle , and enables him to use special abilities more frequently . 
  unique mount, 
  helman may unlock the brothers ghorst corpse cart . 
  drawn by the undead remnants of his brothers , this unique mount vastly improves his weapon strength and damage output . 
  unique spell, 
  awaken from the grave , helman 's unique spell , summons a unit of grave guard or , when upgraded , a wight king to fight for him . 
  unique skills, 
  helman has the unique skill leading from the front which improves abilities of the plague-bearing corpse carts and the phantasmal mortis engine . 
  new lords, 
  arch lector, 
  the high priest of the cult of sigmar is the grand theogonist , and beneath him are his two arch lectors - grim , imposing figures , both on and off the battlefield . 
  it is the duty of arch lectors to protect the populace and cast out evil . 
  they epitomise the warrior courage of sigmar himself , leading from the front where they manifest the power of the gods and inspire whole armies to acts of heroism . 
  battle prayers, 
  arch lectors can learn three grand battle prayers to aid their armies in combat . 
  hammer of sigmar improves the arch lector 's melee attack skill . 
  shields of faith is an area-effect augment for nearby allies , improving their damage resistance . 
  soulfire is a large area-effect offensive power , causing mass magical damage to enemy units . 
  strigoi ghoul king, 
  the pallid creatures known as ghoul kings are in fact once-proud strigoi vampires forced into a troglodytic existence . 
  though all strigoi descend from the same ancient lineage of ushoran , they have devolved to become something far fouler and more hate-filled than their brethren . 
  the ghoul kings spend their days creeping through the hidden places of the world , but under cover of night , they wreak their vengeance at the head of a shambling army of undead . 
  powerful warriors and spellcasters , strigoi ghoul kings wield a mixed lore combining spells from the lore of vampires and the lore of death , and may unlock and ride terrorgheists into battle . 
  unique spell, 
  command of the unliving , the strigoi ghoul king 's unique spell , summons a unit of crypt ghouls or , when upgraded , a unit of crypt horrors to fight for him in battle . 
  new units, 
  corpse cart,
