  basically i ( and many others here ) hope that these factions will eventually get their own unit rosters or at least a few unique units + maybe some minor reskins and new voice lines but what exactly could they get that would still be halal ? 
  i know that at least kislev have quite a few units from various older sources like the army book thing from white dwarf but i 'm not really sure what ca is allowed to use as sources when making units . 
  all i know is that i really really want the streltsi ( handguns + halberds ) in tw : w. 
  could estalia and/or tilea get some of the old dogs of war units or something like that ? 
  or is there some non-tt sources ca could use like roleplaying books or the warmaster books ? 
  edit : i did read somewhere that the border princes consist of colonists/refugees/criminals from the empire , bretonnia , estalia and tilea so maybe they could get some strange mix of units from these factions for their roster . 
  basically , all the settlements you fight over as the greenskins and the dwarfs in tw : w appear to be dwarf holds . 
  but are there any form of greenskin settlements they built themselves in the other parts of the warhammer world ? 
  the main reason i 'm curious is because i figured their settlements would look pretty different from the rest which could potentially result in some fairly different siege battles . 
  i 'm imagining something like a mix of the minor settlements in r2 and attila and the current sieges . 
  instead of huge stone walls you could have a mix of earthworks , barricades and narrow chaotic streets between the attackers and the capture point . 
  also , are there any greenskin tribes in the lore that would capture other types of settlements like for example human settlements ? 
  could result in a pretty different campaign if such a faction existed . 
  a [ bolas ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bolas ) is a form of throwing weapon used to capture animals by entangling their legs . 
  basically some weighs with a rope/cord between them . 
  so instead of a trap this would be something we 'll have to launch at the target but if you hit them it should come with a huge speed reduction for like 5-10 seconds and a temporary emp effect as if you were hit by an arc grenade . 
  and it should be able to kill or damage pilots and ais with a direct hit . 
  the dual tether traps kit could be replaced by an extra bolas charge kit . 
  basically i 'm pretty fond of artillery in tw : w and the bigger the better ( in terms of firepower/caliber , not the size of the model ) . 
  unfortunately the only really big artillery unit is the hellcannon for woc and while it is pretty nice it 's not really what i 'm looking for . 
  what i want is more like a giant cannon/mortar/rock lobber/etc etc with lower rof , really really high damage and absolutely awful accuracy . 
  imagine some imperial engineer somewhere confusing centimeters for inches on the blueprint of a mortar and end up creating a single giant monster mortar ( 1 inch = 2.54 cm so the projectiles would be 16.4 times larger ( 2.54 ^ 3 ) than those of a normal mortar . ), 
  or maybe some nuln engineers just wanted to see if they could . 
  so it would n't be like making a completely new unit , just making an old unit a bit bigger and create some reason why they made it so big . 
  so i 've been thinking about this question for a while and i 'm curious about how much privacy the kids of the potus ( or other heads of state have ) . 
  not just from the press but from their own family and security services . 
  for example , trumps youngest son is almost 11 so he 'll be going through puberty during these 4-8 years which most of us know can be a pretty weird and awkward time of your life . 
  would he be able to keep his relationships , browsing history , shameful kinks , etc etc secret or would the secret service know all about it ? 
  if so , would his father be told about it ? 
  so , while the first game is now finished when it comes to major dlcs , there 's still stuff that can be added , at least to the 4 main factions . 
  i was gon na make a post about all 4 main factions but realized it would get a bit too long so i 'm just gon na start with the empire . 
  ll : kurt helborg , reiksmarshal of the empire , the grand master of the reiksguard . 
  some quotes from the wiki . 
   tall and strong , he is the very image of a heroic warrior , his armour polished to a mirror sheen and his sword arm as strong as his courage is unbending . 
   kurt helborg is reputed to be the greatest swordsman in the old world, 
   as the reiksmarshal , kurt helborg is also commander of all the empire 's armed forces , second only to the emperor himself . 
  i 'm like 99 % sure this guy will be added since he 's a pretty important character . 
  imo he could be a bit of a cavalry focused lord with some unique cavalry skills and some extra reiksguard bonuses . 
  lords : grand masters and battle wizard lords . 
  the former are the leaders of knight chapters so like kurt they could have some cavalry bonuses , the latter are simply lord versions of the battle mages . 
  heroes : master engineer . 
  this hero could be pretty interesting . 
  i assume it would have the same or very similar buff-skills to the dwarf engineer but it has two things i think could be pretty fun . 
  first they have access to the mechanical steed . 
  if i 've understood the special rule correctly it does impact damage like a chariot ( but not quite as powerful ) and can kinda malfunction , though that might not work in tw : w. 
  the second thing is the pigeon bomb which is an aoe armor piercing `` homing '' missile with a small chance of returning back to the engineer . 
  i think this could be pretty fun as a high-damage small aoe damage ability with a slight risk of `` oops ! '' . 
  units : huntsmen , marksmen with hochland long-rifles , celestial hurricanum . 
  huntsmen would basically be archers with vanguard deployment , not terribly exiting but oh well . 
  marksmen were an upgrade for handgunners in tt . 
  you were limited to one marksman per handgunner unit but so were outriders with grenade launchers . 
  marksmen could be equipped with a repeater rifle ( same as the outriders ) or a hochland long-rifle . 
  the latter has 50 % longer range than a normal handgun ( so about 210 range in tw : w ) and lower rof . 
  so basically an extra accurate long range handgunner unit with lower dps and probably smaller unit size to compensate . 
  lastly , the celestial hurricanum is sort of like the aoe cousin of the luminark of hysh . 
  in tt it casts a direct damage spell that can cause anything from a sudden downpour to a meteor strike depending on your dice roll . 
  not sure how this would be resolved in tw : w but it could be a fun unit nonetheless . 
  it would also give all nearby unit a bonus to melee attack . 
  so far i like bretonnia and while this is a kinda minor issue , i really do n't like how incredibly shitty their garrisons are . 
  even a lvl 5 city with lvl 3 walls will basically just have a bunch of ( spear ) men-at-arms and bowmen as their garrison , with some cavalry and a trebuchet to back them up . 
  an equivalent empire city have greatswords and halberdiers !, 
  i do n't think it would be too op to at least give the brets a few foot squires and men-at-arms ( polearms ) in their garrisons so they can at least put up a bit of a fight and kill stuff with armor . 
  so i started a new bret campaign after installing the latest beta patch and noticed that they had changed the bonuses from the [ low-born militia skill ] ( http://whenc.totalwar.com/#/skill/wh_main_skill_node_brt_louen_battle_03 ) . 
  instead of giving +3 / 7/12 melee defense and leadership it now gives +2 / 4/6 . 
  i guess it 's not that important but it was n't in the patch notes and imo it was n't really a needed change . 
  in tt most characters had multiple different upgrade options like mounts , better armor and different weapons . 
  [ here is the captain of the empire ] ( https://i.imgur.com/ygmpjsm.jpg ) as an example . 
  additional hand weapons and great weapons are common options for most factions heroes and some , like the captain and thane can also get ranged weapons . 
  i really wish this was in some way included in tw : w. either as some form of more advanced equipment customization or simply by adding a few variants like thane ( handgun ) and, 
  exalted hero ( halberd ) that show up in the list when recruiting heroes . 
  i know this is n't cas fault but from playing as the beastmen i ended up a bit annoyed how they are basically just goat and cattle-people ( units like the centigors and harpies are technically not beastmen ) . 
  where are my damn moosemen and boarmen ? 
  not to mention all the crazy variants they could have created in other parts of the world . 
  and now it 's too late since gw decided to ruin everything with age of sigmar . 
  basically , i 'm a bit tired of always encountering the mining drones , crystals , amoebas and their other aliens friends . 
  i wish we had like 10 different types of space critters so we would end up with different enemies and alien tech each game . 
  maybe also a game setting for how many different types you want so you could have none at all or all of them ( things would get extra crowded ) . 
  basically , there tend to spawn a lot of clothes as loot in the game but most of it is just totally useless or worse ( bright blue shirts etc ) . 
  instead i wish the game could spawn military and hunter clothes that are only available as in game loot and not crate rewards ( so people ca n't start with too much of a clothing advantage ) as a sort of `` ghillie-light '' . 
  basically , enchanted blades of aiban is a spell from the lore of metal that was n't added to the game . 
  in tt it gave a bonus to hit for both melee and ranged attacks ( so bonus to melee attack and ranged accuracy in tw : w ) and gives the unit the armor piercing special rule ( imo this should be implemented as a flat armor piercing damage bonus so units with low ap damage units also benefit from it ) and magical attacks . 
  imo this spell could make gelt a pretty interesting lord with the ability to give a pretty powerful buff to a single unit once in a while . 
  just imagine armor piercing crossbowmen with an accuracy bonus . 
  basically , in tt a warrior priest could buff himself and the unit he was attached to . 
  [ here 's the text from the armybook ] ( http://i.imgur.com/vg7r6ay.jpg ) but in tw : w his buffs only affect the wp himself . 
  so imo the buffs should either be changed to single target buffs ( or maybe a self + single target buff ) or turned into aoe buffs but slightly weaker than the ones the arch lector and volkmar has . 
  they should also give them heavier armor since they had the option to equip heavy armor in tt ( just like arch lectors who have 95 armor vs the wps 30 ) . 
  it 's 18 minutes past grace and no news have been posted . 
  in tt the empire had a unit called huntsmen who were basically some fairly cheap archers with the scout rule ( vanguard deployment ) and the same range as hand gunners . 
  also , if you had markus wulfhart ( the huntsmashal ) in your army you could [ upgrade one unit of huntsmen to wulfhart 's hunters ] ( http://i.imgur.com/0w2e36f.png ) which gave them his monster hunter rule and immune to psychology . 
  i understand why they were left out in tw : w but after having a lot of fun with the javelin spamming marauders i really would like to see these guys in tw if they were adapted to a similar role . 
  lets say they add the huntsmen with vanguard deployment and a give them a small bonus vs large ( around +10 damage ) + wulfhart 's hunters ( with immune to psychology and a bigger bonus vs large ) as a new ror . 
  perfect units for dealing with nasty stuff like trolls and mammoths . 
  it 's not really the strength of their garrisons that 's bothering me , i think they 're pretty ok . 
  what i do n't like is the damn variety of units you get with a fully upgraded garrison . 
  i know it 's a really silly complaint but i hate having like 1 unit of so many different unit types . 
  you get 1 champion , 1 berserker , 1 hunter , 1 marauder horsemen and so on and so on . 
  i just find it a bit of a pain to micro so many different unit types at the same time . 
  my second complaint is the lack of marauder hunters with javelins . 
  i need those to deal with large units and especially ranged cavalry but instead we get the more expensive throwing axe variant .
