  basically every veterancy rank = +10 % damage, 
  so trained = 10 % damage bonus and elite = 40 % damage bonus, 
  this applied to all infantry weapons , including atgms and manpads, 
  so for example a squad of elite sas would do 7 he damage instead of 5 with their stingers . 
  you could make a ussr airborne deck and get some upvetted vdv 90 that would now have 24 * 1,4 = 33,6 ap . 
  fortunately it is now removed and the community rejoices . 
  well the scary thing about the 100 mm he cannon is that it has the same range as blufors atgm infantry and the he shell is much faster than the at missile . 
   for the tos-1 and the smerch , i find that i never need more than 1 of them . 
  well you could get unlucky or the enemy could sneak some recon behind your lines and take out your smerch before it has even fired . 
   i understand that a vetted unit has a tighter aoe ? 
  yeah but for the tos-1 and the smerch that could even be considered a bad thing . 
   rocket propelled grenades, 
  it 's not rocket propelled so i think the proper term is just shell . 
   us cavarly scout ( aka mountaineers being re-roled as 5-men recon squad with atgm ) . 
  sounds like they could be interesting for hunting light vehicles . 
  i would guess 25 km/h speed , very good optics and 1,5-1 ,9 km range missiles . 
  * new special kit modules . 
  for example breen cryo grenade ( tac ) , cryo mortar ( eng ) and some cryo beam/blast/spray ( sci ) . 
  could be added as a reward in the breen arc but if not then crafting would also work . 
  engineers could get stuff like romulan plasma mortar , photon grenade turret , all kinds of different elachi stuff etc. 
  kdf tacticals should have a beam down targs module !, 
  * more ground weapons with ammo/charging mechanisms . 
  some people might not even have noticed but there are a bunch of new plasma weapons that were released with lor . 
  some of these have an ammo mechanism that is used for the secondary attack . 
  like the repeater pistol that has a very high dps secondary attack that consumes ammo while used . 
  and a blast cannon with a secondary attack that you can hold to charge up for a much more powerful attack . 
  unfortunately they only come in plasma flavor and the best ones you can get are vr mk xi from the dil store . 
  * ship costumes, 
  unless they 'll add them some other way ( like the c-store ) i would like to be able to craft ship skin unlocks . 
  like mirror skins for ships that are not ( yet ) available in mirror universe form . 
   and some other numbers being adjusted as well unintentionally . 
  would n't really surprise me . 
  maybe the item value is determined by some modifier that 's used for both ec and dil . 
  i would guess they mean `` unit of the day session '', 
  like they 're planning on revealing one new dlc unit per day for a while . 
  they could retcon some stuff . 
  i would n't really mind if they for example changed the ending of me3 to `` while shepard was having strange hallucinations captain bailey who was still on the citadel found the actual crucible activation button and destroyed the reapers '' . 
  well they 're still gon na be good with their 15 man squads and 105,6 % accuracy at elite . 
  imo the biggest change is probably the fact that elite infantry wo n't be so awesome vs tanks anymore . 
  like my upvetted vdv 90 with 1,4 * 24 = 33,6 ap launchers that could take out a challenger 2 with two hits to the front . 
  i mean ( iirc ) , the formula for ap damage on vehicles is ( ( ap - armor ) / 2 ) + 1, 
  ( ( 33,6 - 23 ) / 2 ) + 1 = 6,3 damage, 
  now without the 40 % damage bonus we 'll get, 
  ( ( 24 - 23 ) / 2 ) + 1 = 1,5 damage, 
  even the 15 point motostrelki 90 had 24 ap so if i played ussr mechanized and upvetted them they had 24 * 1,3 = 31,2 ap . 
  that would actually result in 5,1 damage to the front of a challenger 2 so even those cheap fuckers used to be able to take out the tank with ( afaik ) the highest armor value in the game with just two hits . 
  yeah personally i would get another card of sas . 
  probably one of the best units in the game simply because of the versatility they get from their stingers . 
  * logistics, 
  upgrade the cv jeep into something with 1-2 armor . 
  it makes a huge difference vs he artillery . 
  maybe put the command infantry in a helicopter . 
  * infantry, 
  upgrade the milan f1 to f2 or f3 . 
  get one card of fallschirmj\u00e4ger 90 and one card of panzergrenadier 90 in a marder 1a1 . 
  remove the j\u00e4ger and then either the legion or the sapeur ( possibly both and get two cards of pzgren 90 ) . 
  * support, 
  skip the amx auf1 , the caesar should be enough . 
  get the crocotale or the mistral truck . 
  maybe skip the aml-60 . 
  the high rof is nice but the short range and low damage makes it less useful . 
  * tanks, 
  do n't upvet the leo 2a5 . 
  top tier tanks are nice but they make very popular targets and one of their main advantages , their high armor , is n't increased by veterancy . 
  imo it 's better to be able to replace it . 
  remove one of the leo 1a5s and then replace the other 1a5 or the leo 2 with something much better or much cheaper ( the french `` tank '' with wheels is pretty useful ) . 
  * recon, 
  you should have two points to spare from removing a tank so look for the 30 point french recon tank with a 19 rpm main gun or the one with wheels . 
  ca n't remember their names because everything is called amx or something . 
  if you 're gon na put recon inf in a helicopter then i would recommend using something better than bsgs . 
  like the french elite recon guys . 
  * vehicles, 
  replace the iltis milan with a wiesel tow 2 or some other better atgm vehicle . 
  looks decent . 
  * planes, 
  possibly upvet the rafale, 
  but ... but ... 
  they lied to us !, 
   does anyone else run into this ? 
  sometimes when playing airborne . 
  usually this tells me i should use better planes . 
  and 9 planes with just asf and sead planes ? 
  i usually have like 2-4 asfs and 1-2 sead planes in total even when i 'm airborne . 
  if i feel i need even better anti-figher capabilities i 'll use some decent multi-role fighters . 
  ussr is awesome for this with the mig-29 # and su-27m . 
   this is a fort not a god damn daycare . 
  imo the dwarves should invent daycares . 
  like a zone where the parents can leave their children and let some other dwarves with the daycarer job deal with them . 
   each post should have a screenshot of the deck, 
  and since i 'm not at home i ca n't help you unless you post a picture . 
  well mmmaybe they could use more planes and you could use less planes . 
  that way you wo n't have this problem . 
  that too , but if your tactics involve using a fuckton of planes then maybe you should n't waste the 9 plane slots each of your teammates get . 
  if you play 3v3 and your friends get 2 asfs each you could have 4 free slots for a-10s and other shennanigans . 
  first of all , always use all your activation points . 
  * logistics, 
  there 's no more cost-efficient source of supplies than a fob and your supply vehicles ( especially helicopters ) can resupply at it saving you even more points . 
  i would also replace the cv jeep with some vehicle with 1-2 points of armor . 
  it makes a huge difference against random he barrages . 
  * infantry,
