  drawn by shambling zombies , corpse carts act like magnets for dark magic , drawing their power from the land itself and re-animating the dead around them . 
  sometimes a corpse cart is hung with a great bell , the clapper of which is a fell lodestone of eldritch provenance . 
  when necromantic magic is thick in the air , the bell tolls and ripples of dark magic emanate from the corpse cart . 
  as a magical support chariot , the corpse cart projects a magical aura known as the vigor mortis . 
  this confers regeneration on the corpse cart and raises the melee attack of nearby undead units . 
  with the balefire upgrade , the corpse cart confers an increased chance to miscast on nearby enemy wizards . 
  with the unholy lodestone upgrade , the corpse cart confers an area-effect regeneration augment on nearby friendly undead units . 
  mortis engine, 
  the remains of necromancers and liche lords are sometimes enshrined within a mortis engine , a cage of fused bone surrounded by trappings of grandeur , and borne to war by a host of spirits bound to the infernal device . 
  heavy with evil magics and painstakingly illuminated , the blasphemous tome the mortis engine bears has been crafted with such care that their creator 's souls have passed into the leaves of human skin that form its pages . 
  these books can be a boon to the twisted practitioners of necromancy . 
  as a magical support chariot , the mortis engine regenerates hitpoints for itself and nearby friendly undead units , and causes magical damage to nearby enemy units within the same radius . 
  the attendant blasphemous tome also increases the owner 's winds of magic power reserve . 
  upon destruction , the mortis engine explodes in a cataclysm of arcane energy , causing widespread damage to nearby friends and foes . 
  while state troops form the mainstay of the empire 's military forces , its armies are often bulked out by ad-hoc regiments of militia who are recruited to fight as and when required . 
  no one can foretell how many will turn up at the muster , or what their fighting quality will be . 
  after all , these irregular troops receive no formal training or discipline . 
  free company militia are dual-role hybrid troops . 
  armed with both short-range pistols and swords , the can fight as the situation demands . 
  with the vanguard deployment ability , they can be deployed deep in the field . 
  flagellants, 
  when battle is joined , bands of crazed flagellants beat themselves into a frenzy before charging headlong towards the enemy . 
  they throw themselves into the fray without hesitation , against the most hopeless of odds . 
  with howls of doom on their lips and visions of martyrdom in their thoughts , flagellants fight with wild ferocity , swinging their flails at their enemies and leaving trails of blood and woe in their wake . 
  flagellants are both frenzied and unbreakable . 
  their strength of the penitent special ability super-charges their fighting skills , conferring enhanced physical resistance and melee defence . 
  knights of the blazing sun, 
  the templar order of the blazing sun pride themselves on learning the very arts and sciences of war . 
  resplendent on their armoured mounts , they fight in the name of myrmidia , the very goddess of warfare . 
  for generations they have fought devoutly for the honour and sanctity of the empire . 
  powerful shock cavalry akin to the famous reiksguard , the knights of the blazing sun carry glinting shields which blind those wishing to cause them harm . 
  this confers a certain resistance to magical damage . 
  their righteous zeal also grants them flaming attacks . 
  regiments of renown, 
  these are elite units -- legendary within the annals of the old world -- whose statistics are much-improved over those of their standard counterparts . 
  they can be unlocked for recruitment when the lord under your command has attained the sufficient skill level , and are instantly recruited from the special regiments of renown recruitment menu into his army . 
  in this respect they differ from standard units , which spend at least one turn in the recruitment queue . 
  alongside enhanced stats , each regiment of renown also has one or more special abilities its standard-roster counterpart does not . 
  please note : unit abilities and details subject to change . 
  empire, 
  the tattersouls - flagellants, 
  increased unit size, 
  this brotherhood of zealots is led by the crazed prophet gerhard the worm , who fought alongside volkmar in the war against the everchosen . 
  little remains of his personality now but the raw fervour which drives his men . 
  stalk , armour piercing missiles , immune to psychology, 
  a shower of growling ne\u2019er - do-wells , the ragged militia of stirland 's revenge are always spoiling for a fight . 
  what they lack in personal hygiene , they more than make up for in their thirst for vengeance against the undead . 
  hammer of the witches -- great cannon, 
  enhanced physical resistance , shells cause magical damage, 
  a single regiment is all that remains of fort oberstyre 's once-formidable batteries . 
  the hammer of the witches earned its name in service of the town of gortansford , tearing the grey hag to shreds with hastily-improvised grapeshot-rounds of horseshoes . 
  sigmar 's sons - swordsmen, 
  unbreakable, 
  sigmar 's sons originally served in the red masquers , a regiment that fought alongside volkmar against the norscans . 
  they are veteran warriors and merciless killers to a man , fearless in the face of evil . 
  stalk , bullets deal magical damage, 
  prior to battle , their foul-mouthed quartermaster curser brecht hands each of these marksmen a single silver bullet , granting them proof against whatever sylvania may throw against them . 
  whether real or imagined , these good-luck charms seem to work ... 
  the sunmaker -- helstorm rocket battery, 
  flaming attacks , increased number of missiles per volley, 
  the final invention of the scatterbrained talabheim alchemist jurgen bugelstrauss before his untimely demise , the sunmaker fires specialist phosphoric rockets that burn with a blinding brilliance . 
  the templehof luminark -- luminark of hysh, 
  encourage , net of amyntok, 
  crafted by jovi sunscryer , most experienced of the white wizards , the lenses of the templehof luminark are ground to perfection and offer an unmatched degree of focus . 
  the royal altdorf gryphites -- demigryphs, 
  cause terror, 
  at the head of the drakwald riders , the royal altdorf gryphites are among the finest of the order 's inner-circle of cavalrymen . 
  vanguard deployment, 
  led by the reiksmarshal hans zintler , the long and oft-storied history of this proud order has given them a peerless positional perspective . 
  masters of the flanking manoeuvre , their enemies find themselves under savage assault before the battle has been joined in earnest . 
  vampire counts, 
  the feasters in the dusk -- crypt ghouls, 
  stalk , vanguard deployment, 
  most crypt ghouls are only too eager to pound towards their foes for the meal they represent . 
  the feasters in the dusk are uncharacteristically measured in their approach , preferring to advance in stealthy fashion before lunging at their prey from the shadows . 
  the devils of shwartzhafen -- vargheists, 
  vanguard deployment, 
  these once-handsome sons of the von carstein dynasty , trapped for long years in the warpstone-tainted caverns below castle swartzhafen , bear no trace of their former intellect . 
  now , they haunt the night at mannfred 's behest , tearing his opponents to bloody rags . 
  the direpack -- dire wolves, 
  bonus vs large , increased mass and size, 
  uncommonly ferocious , these grossly muscled fiends eschew smaller targets in favour of foes large enough to satisfy their ravenous appetites . 
  the sternsmen -- grave guard, 
  regeneration, 
  in life , these cursed warriors were the honour guard of verek the blade , first castellan of sternieste . 
  in death , they fight with an unholy zeal which resists the blows of their foes . 
  the tithe -- zombies, 
  increased size and physical resistance, 
  these once-proud fighting men of sylvania , now reduced to shambling servants of the midnight aristocracy , are physically superior to ` civilian ' zombies in every way, 
  the chillgheists -- hexwraiths, 
  magical resistance , slowing aura, 
  guardians of the necropolis of vargravia , the chillgheists draw power from the cursed land and instil a blasphemous resolve in their cold-hearted brethren . 
  the claw of nagash -- mortis engine, 
  magical resistance , slowing aura, 
  it is said that the huge ironbone reliquary of this mortis engine contains the withered but still-moving hand of nagash himself , lending it the unholy power to ward off enemy magics . 
  verek 's reavers -- black knights, 
  regeneration, 
  cursed to fight for the wight king verek the blade , these cavalry are seemingly unstoppable , their limbs reattaching and shattered bones remade before their opponents ' startled eyes . 
  the konigstein stalkers -- skeleton warriors, 
  poison attacks , improved armour,
