  i basically started out by migrating south really fast , avoiding battles if possible and only occasionally stopped to build stuff . 
  before i knew it i reached the black sea and met the ere who were getting their asses kicked by some barbarians . 
  i ended up helping out attacking constantinople and then razed it myself and then proceeded to turkey where i liberated pontus and asia . 
  with my new allies i continued messing around with the ere and some other locals until i again moved south where i subjugated judea for shits and giggles . 
  the end of my campaign happened when judea betrayed me and killed my main food producing horde , causing my battle horde to starve . 
  chased by several armies from the ere i desperately assaulted alexandria in order to get some damn walls and some food . 
  i somehow won with 295 survivors but at least i won . 
  i then recruited as many mercenaries as i could and prepared to defend my new homeland . 
  then some barbarian faction i had pissed of during my travels somehow arrived with 2 stacks and assaulted me together with the ere . 
  it was a glorious battles with 11k attackers vs my 2k defenders . 
  i was then overwhelmed from every direction and got my ass brutally kicked and lost the campaign as it was my only city and army . 
  well usually i will either use them for military or as general laborers ( enable all labors that dont really have quality modifiers , like milling , shearing etc ) . 
  if i have access to magma forges and a lot of copper or iron i will sometimes make a sort of training forge that only allow dwarves with low skills to use and then produce weapons and/or armor on repeat . 
  it increases the chance of getting a legendary weapon/armor smith from a strange mood . 
  the shitty weapons can then be recycled , sold or used in weapon traps or something . 
  turning them all into hunters can also be kinda fun . 
  that way they can both produce food , leather and bones while also kinda functioning as an extra defense force . 
  another option is to simply expand your industries to the stuff they 're good at . 
  making clear glass for example require glassmaking , woodburning , potashmaking and furnace operating but can result in fairly valuable stuff from just wood + sand . 
  one thing i 've done recently is turning them into some sort of cave patrol/web collectors . 
  add them to a squad and give them the weaving labor and make a bunch of looms . 
  now you 'll have armed dwarves running around in the caves dealing with crundles and stuff while producing silk . 
  you mean bad mood or strange mood ? 
  sometimes dwarves from abandoned forts can arrive as migrants with the same stress-level as they had before , which can result in them instantly starting to tantrum , get depressed , go berserk etc etc. 
  i do n't think it 's a tantrum spiral . 
  those usually happen when most of your population have a bad mood and then end with a chain reaction of tantruming dwarves killing people causing even more dwarves to tantrum . 
  they will basically attack anyone they see until they die . 
  how dangerous they are kinda depends on how good they are at fighting but they can be really fucking dangerous . 
  for example , when fighting with a pick , the mining skill is used as the weapon skill . 
  that makes a berserking miner with a high mining skill a real threat . 
  kinda maybe . 
  it 's believed they originally cam from southern sweden but `` records '' from that era are kinda sketchy . 
  also , [ \u00d6sterg\u00f6tland ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%c3%96sterg%c3%b6tland ) in sweden can be called ostrogothia in older english . 
   essential units getting replaced when researching higher tier units, 
  yeah this is probably my biggest issue so far . 
  for some units it 's not that bad . 
  i can live with replacements like the ehm ... early game roman spear unit that just gets a little better and goes from 215 to 230 ish in upkeep . 
  but for example as the geats/nordics one of the skirmisher units ( nordic brigands ? ), 
  is replaced by a skirmish cav unit and as the huns the first upgrade of the first basic bow cav has 3x the upkeep !, 
  all of the sudden i could n't afford recruiting the unit that is basically the backbone of my hun forces just because i researched some tech . 
  out of game encyclopedia !, 
  i fucking love you !, 
  mmmmmmm , multiple tabs ... 
  now if someone could add it to the sidebar here that would just be swell . 
  this is probably it . 
  for some stuff it sometimes it glitches out and you even get an item in your inventory you have to double-click on . 
  for example , sometimes after i 've opened a ship box i get a new item that looks like the starfleet logo-thingy . 
  once i received one of my alts marauding rank 3 promotion as an item . 
  the fun part was that i was able to put it in the account bank and use it with a different character who then got marauding rank 3 even though he did n't have anywhere near enough cxp . 
  well they might need more than a week to decide the ifs , hows and whats about a kinda major change like that . 
  i mean they do n't have to ( and probably wo n't ) remove the replacement thing completely . 
  in some cases the replacement is just a minor stat upgrade with a slight increase in recruitment and upkeep cost . 
  as long as the replacement has the same role , traits , abilities and similar recruitment and upkeep cost then i do n't mind . 
  for example , [ nordic band ] ( http://attila-enc.totalwar.com/#/unit/att_nor_nordic_band ) being replaced by [ nordic brigade ] ( http://attila-enc.totalwar.com/#/unit/att_nor_nordic_brigade ) is perfectly ok with me . 
  the sassanids are really strong economically . 
  you have a ton of puppet states and pretty fertile regions . 
  disband your unnecessary armies , build a lot of farms and money producing buildings and laugh . 
  i think i made around 20k per turn after like 10-15 turns . 
  also , the faction ability to get more levies from puppet states basically mean you wont even need military buildings unless you want some really good units . 
  a t6 intel bop and a t6 carrier with those bops as frigate pets !, 
  i managed to capture quite a few turanic fighters during the 2nd mission . 
  it did take a bit longer to catch them but it was n't too bad . 
  iirc axe infantry have better ap damage so they 're a bit better against heavily armored targets . 
  what difficulty are you playing on ? 
  iirc the ai will get some bonuses in battles on harder difficulties . 
  could also be because the ai is a god at micromanaging and can respond to stuff really quickly . 
  also , could you describe in more detail what tactics and units you use ? 
  apparently [ pikes are kinda broken ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k5sbiffyoxw&amp;feature=youtu.be ) in attila so if you use a lot of those then that might be the problem . 
  otherwise your tactics sound like what i 'm doing . 
  do you use any anti-morale stuff ? 
  i tend to combine some fire arrows , whistling arrows and units with the scare everything trait to cause my enemies to flee pretty easily . 
  i did actually lose my first proper geat campaign . 
  basically i decided to mess around with migration and started moving south early on . 
  after some detours and bad skills at geography i ended up in greece and decided to assist the locals against the ere . 
  then i continued south to africa , subjugating judea on the way . 
  a few turns later as i was running around razing stuff , judea betrayed me and killed my main food production horde . 
  at the same time a huge ere stack appeared near my other horde that was now starving . 
  in an act of desperation i assaulted alexandria in order to get some walls and food and just barely won with 300 survivors ( with large units ) . 
  2 turns later some germanic faction i had pissed off earlier showed up with 2 stacks and attacked me together with 2 ere stacks . 
  2000 defenders vs 11000 attackers ... 
   why call it optional if it can insta-fail the stf ? 
  i 'm pretty sure they remove the word optional from the objective for those missions where it is no longer an optional . 
  aight . 
  i 'm pretty sure they 've changed the text in some/most queues though . 
  for some reason i read it like he was piloting the mecha together with a mustache ... 
  like his drift-compatible co-pilot or something . 
  that 's what i would like as well , an expanded worldmap to the east . 
  more interesting factions to play as , new areas to fight in and maybe mongols being a normal faction instead of a scripted event of doom . 
  it 's not released yet ... 
  because it was n't properly balanced and made stuff too damn hard unless you basically recycled a bunch of ships at the end of each level . 
  maybe the time to raze a settlement could be linked to the settlement level . 
  like each turn all buildings go down one level and if/when the main settlement building reaches 0 the entire settlement is burned to the ground . 
  i can agree with that . 
  maybe all the buildings could take 100 % damage after the first turn so the area is basically razed but it would still take a few more turns to deal with all the survivors and totally raze every single house in a larger settlement . 
  if i would fight the huns as the ostrogoths i would use [ these guys ] ( http://attila-enc.totalwar.com/#/unit/att_ger_germanic_archers ) or their elite counterpart . 
  with 200 ( !!!! ), 
  range they should be able to do horrible things to the huns from behind the safety of your infantry lines . 
  it was so good and then it got canceled over a plagiarism dispute . 
  so i just looked them up on the encyclopedia . 
   can refill ammo,
