  burst fire smg just does n't work for me . 
  ** shuriken . 
  same as above . 
  ** arc pistol . 
  ** raptor . 
  for me it 's like a worse incisor since i have to click 15 times instead of 5 . 
  ** viper . 
  it 's the mix between the big , high damage sniper rifles and then fast firing sniper rifles and just ends up with the drawbacks of both . 
  if i 'm playing as a biotic i always enjoy having another one with me . 
  for everything else i prefer geth engineers with a healing turret or infiltrators that actually does the disable/enable objectives . 
  i 'm n7 150 due to only having promoted a character once . 
  i have the widow ix , carnifex x and generally have my rare guns above v. i have also unlocked all classes except the drell vanguard . 
  all this without spending any real money . 
  some people find it easier to hit targets with it since they have some extra time to adjust their aim if the target moves just as they are about to fire . 
  i 'm just gon na assume that you 're just in denial and will come to your senses soon enough . 
  and when you do , pitchforks are to the left . 
  6/6/0 / 6/6 batarian soldier . 
  with my eviscerator x i get 200 % colldown bonus and can just spam ballistic blades at everything that comes near . 
  now if they would fix the bug that prevents it from working from behind cover it would be the best power ever . 
  teams made up of nothing but drell adepts , asari adepts , asari justicars and human sentinels . 
  everything goes boom . 
  also , a match with 1 salarian engineer and 3 infiltrators on fbw/g/g were we for some reason camped at the ladder rather than the server room . 
  everything that came out of the server room or walked around the corner behind it just instantly died from the combined firepower of 4 sniper rifles . 
  not even enemies spawning at the landing pad or walking up the stairs posed any threat . 
  we finished in 18 minutes 36 seconds with full extraction . 
  i 'd go with d or a. 
  never go with b since that just means that the guys inside have a greater risk of getting overrun and you 'll have a hard time reviving them when you 're outside and the room is filled with pyros and hunters . 
  playing as geth infiltrator and getting constantly killed by those sneaky geth turret the prime is using . 
  felt really bad having to be revived all the time . 
  they 're fixing the falcon in the patch so i think any new projectile weapons should work as well . 
  use targeting vis to pinpoint enemy weak points . 
  aim will be auto corrected to maximize damage . 
  i wonder how broken this might become . 
  100 % stability turian works !, 
  ( kinda ) your accuracy still decrease when you fire but you have no vertical recoil . 
  tried it on my turian soldier with striker and revenant and my crosshair stayed in place . 
  you 'll still get ammo packs even if you have 255 . 
  so using them wo n't change anything . 
  i 'd rather take the batarian soldier . 
  spamming ballistic blades into a horde of husks would be the best thing ever . 
  do like me , ignore biotic charge and focus on lashing and smashing . 
  works perfectly for sitting at a medium distance and dealing with units like centurions and marauders . 
  i only got the vanguard but focused on lash and smash ( respecced and put nothing into charge ) and imo it 's a really good combo as long as you have friends that can deal with armor and bosses . 
  just lash all the normal enemies and if one happen to land or somehow get close to you , smash then until they die . 
  right there in the video description . 
  `` only rule is last man standing loses the match . '', 
  so essentially they 're trying to die while keeping the other guys alive . 
  i just wanted to drop by and thank you for my flair . 
  keep up the good work . 
  you got it all wrong . 
  a mix of salarian infiltrators with the reegar carbine and geth infiltrators with the krysae sniper rifle . 
  everything that gets in range/line of sight just cease to exist . 
  one idea for the combat drone would be to give it a small scanning radius ( about 5 meters ) similar to the male quarian scan . 
  that way it could provide some intel about what it 's fighting before it gets killed . 
  i think if bioware fixes the ballistic blade + cover bug the batarian solder might become more popular . 
  as it is now you ca n't use it while behind low cover , though it sometimes work from standing cover . 
  ^ this . 
  pull has always been useless due to the extreme lack of unprotected enemies . 
  i only got the vanguard but repsecced it to use it more like an adept . 
  i found it to be pretty useful against cerberus on gold except for the last few waves when all you fight are atlases and phantoms but it 's also great for fbw/g/g . 
  just stay behind cover and lash any trooper/hunter/trocket trooper you see and one the pyros and primes reach the desk , just smash then with your 2000 damage anti armor smash . 
  maybe so but the si have energy drain which gives him the advantage in surivability and i think that the gi is better used at a distance where its low hp does n't matter . 
  how about the turret having a scanning radius and the drone just revealing its current target . 
  or maybe the turret having a bigger radius than the drone . 
  my main issue with phantoms is that they only tend to get lashed maybe 1/3 and when they do get lashed they use their thrusters to get on their feet in no time . 
  even if it says 850 in the power screen does n't mean you have 850 hp while playing . 
  i think what they should have done is give the geth a new unit that 's pretty much just a geth centurion . 
  just a trooper with shields and grenades so they can flush you out of cover like all the other races . 
  i swear they 've buffed the damage of pyros and i think they 've increased the amount of primes for the last few waves . 
  so far the only rebellion classes i 've gotten are the cerberus vanguard and quarian engineer . 
  my main issue is that i 've gotten the vanguard five times !, 
  five !, 
  i wa n't a bloody vorcha , not more appearance options , no wait , i already had all the options when i got it the 5th time !, 
  i thought [ books ] ( / b `` she would take irris place since she did n't die in the books but died in the show . '' ), 
  i was mad since [ books ] ( / b `` now with both irri and doreah dead dany most likely wo n't have any lesbian sex . 
  i wanted her to have sex with doreah ! '' ), 
  why writers why ? 
  but i liked doreah . 
  she was one of the [ pretteist ] ( http://images.wikia.com/gameofthrones/images/b/ba/doreah_cleaned.jpg ) girls in the show . 
  i disagree . 
  lash and smash are good for fbw/g/g . 
  just stay behind cover , lash everything you can and once the pyros and primes are at the desk , unleash the fury your 2000 anti armor damage smash . 
  well they 're also currently glitched so you do n't get any more hp from fitness which makes them even worse than they should be . 
  they can also pretty much kill a pahntom with a single lash and smash combo so they 're kinda useful against cerberus . 
  but in the books [ books ] ( / b '' irri did n't die in qarth and was still alive in adwd so many of us assumed doreah would take her place in the story . 
  also , who will dany have lesbian sex with if both irri and doreah are gone ? '' ), 
  and [ then ] ( http://images1.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20120511051125/creepypasta/images/9/9a/fap-now-kiss-l.png ) . 
  i have to agree with you that if they gave it another name and main chracter people would n't dislike it as much . 
  i remember kinda enjoying conviction but at the same time hating both it and the developers since it was n'tthe stealth game it should be . 
  indeed . 
  it 's not even that good to begin with so i do n't see why they decided to nerf it . 
  drell adept for the absurd power of aoe reave + cluster nades and because it 's really fun to run faster than everyone else . 
  salarian infiltrator with shotgun ( kreegar ) has become my new favorite class as long as i 'm not fighting reapers . 
  cloak and energy drain specced for shield bonuses just makes him really hard to kill . 
  for the asari adept , just use the carnifex . 
  you 're a power spammer and should 'd carry aything too heavy . 
  same thing kinda goes for the drell adept since you want to spam reave as much as you can . 
  with the geth engineer i would recommend the phaeston from the weapons you have . 
  it works very well with hunter mode and is effective at any range . 
  yes , aoe reave everything but focus on things with armor or barriers and cerberus guardians .
