  they should at least add an auraxium income that 's equal to what we would get if there were more continents and that they were equally divided between the teams . 
  so far we have two more confirmed continents , and lets say they too have 9 auraxium bases . 
  that would mean 6 bases for each team so 60 extra auraxium income for everyone . . 
  i thought the bf3 irnv was shit and then turned amazing , and then turned meh . 
  my thoughts exactly . 
  or give us a sentinel with singularity and some tech power against shields and barriers . 
  then mmmmmaybe a detonator instead of some armor ability , but even without that it could be good for crowd control . 
  i too love the crown but pretty much any place with places only reachable as la is fun for me . 
  like for example the insides of a biolab . 
  ha en upp\u00e5tb\u00e5t . 
  it would be either mulle meck bygger bilar or rymdjakten . 
  well as i remember it it was complete and utter shit during the beta , then when i bought the game a few months after release it was my favorite optics for any medium range weapon . 
  then they reduced the range and it became kinda meh . 
  it 's ok , but i 'd take an m14 over a fal any day . 
  same damage , more common ammo and a red-dot sight . 
  so keep it until you find another primary weapon . 
  it might be in development but i almost think they 're saving it as a last resort if it 's needed to save thq . 
  the nc soundtrack reminds me of starcraft and firefly and i 'm ok with that . 
  well i sure hope i do n't see you around after they allow us to buy shotguns for infiltrators . 
   hit boxes : if i had a nickel for every tank shell that 's hit the target but done zero damage ... or at least has n't given me any hit indicator . 
  mildly frustrating . 
  but again , beta , so probably an issue that will be addressed . 
  iirc that was because of some bug for tanks and rocket launcher were if you fired immediately after reloading you would do no damage . 
  i think this was fixed in the last patch and if it wasnt , just wait a second longer before firing . 
  how about increasing the turrets health but add a delay after a turret is destroyed before it can be repaired . 
  that way it would be harder to initially take out a turret but once it is down it stays that way for a while . 
  scp ? 
  and here i was hoping i could link / r/rainbowbar, 
  but alas , foiled again . 
  no , i was saying i was hoping i could come here and link / r/rainbowbar only to see that you had already done that . 
  same here . 
  apparently the rng gods favor this man for some reason . 
  random number generator . 
  what i meant is that he most likely got lucky with his random events and stores . 
  the extended eras mod . 
  was gon na mention it myself . 
  only problem imo is that since you can construct buildings so fast you will get very high science pretty early . 
  for example i once researched flight in the 1300s . 
  give each sanctuary a base income ( something equal to one of each base ) and increase the bonus from having a low population a lot . 
  that way the underdogs would have an easier time pushing back since they would now be able to get vehicles , even though it would take time . 
  will it be one continent per server or will each server have both continents ? 
  if it 's not the latter i hope they 're concidering increasing everyones auraxium income somehow so these character wipes will be a little less painful . 
  i 'm ok with that if it means it we will get resources from both continents . 
  then maybe we could actually try out more than one weapon between server wipes . 
  what is this bullet drop you speak of ? 
  - vanu soldier, 
  my only victory so far was with the engi ship . 
  2x ion blast mk ii , 1x heavy ion or ion blast ( cant remember ), 
  1 anti ship drone , 1 beam drone , 1 system repair drone, 
  then i had the autiomated reloader and iirc the shield charge booster . 
  i pretty much just focused my ion weapons on its weapon batteries to minimize damage done to my ship while my drones killed it . 
  during stage 2 i did the same and since it only had 3 weapons left i could keep those down almost the entire fight while my maxed shields tanked most of his drones . 
  stage 3 went the same except that now i could use one ion weapon on the drone control so i wouldnt have to deal with the boarding drone and my shields and evade tanked the super weapon . 
   though the scythe 's seems underpowered, 
  are we playing the same game ? 
  i 've played both tr , vs and some nc and imo the scythe is the best fighter . 
  the increased agility is an extreme advantage in any dogfight and with the speed cert it 's as fast as the mossy . 
  the mosquitos speed will only help it run away and the reavers health wont matter if i 'm behind it all the time . 
  another thing that 's a two egged sword is that it 's much easier to tell the scythe apart from the other fighters compared to telling the difference between a mosquito and a reaver at a distance . 
  this means that you take less friendly fire but hostiles recognise you much faster . 
  edit : i lack reading comprehension . 
   you have to display to the people that are following you that you 're sure of what you 're doing at all times ( even if you 're not ) . 
  or as the saying goes `` a bad decision is better than no decision at all . '', 
  well as long as your opponents need to breathe you can kill them by using one ion blaster on their oxygen unit and the other on their weapons to keep yourself alive . 
  it takes a while but eventually they will die . 
  according to wikipedia it should be available in spain . 
  unless ofc you live in south america . 
   ` why do i have to choose top speed or air brakes on my scythe ? ', 
  they ask . 
  ` ca n't i just have both after certing for it ? 
  i honestly doubt there will be many players that stupid . 
  well hopefully they are just a loud minority . 
  and tbqh , i 'm perfectly ok with them not playing ps2 . 
  i 'm hoping they add the old training simulation they had in ps1 . 
  then maybe they could add some extra features in it , like duels , racing and maybe some sort of practice pve , just to provide something more difficult than a normal shooting range target . 
  star trek : tng, 
  make it so . 
  i thought there was a bug so the normal jetpack upgrades do n't work . 
  or are you talking about the drifter jets ? 
   flashing lights, 
  add some sort of sound as well to warn those who arent looking and this would be perfect . 
  well the bug is only for the normal jet pack and not the drifter pack . 
  i used dfhack to embark anywhere and embarked on what turned out to be a human fortress . 
  they were not friendly . 
   you will only gain passive resources on the continent you are currently fighting on ( e.g. 
  if you are fighting on esamir and have 0 auraxium bases , you 'll get 0 aurax even if you hold all the bases on indar ), 
  fffffffffffffffff !!!!!, 
  and here i was hoping that maybe , just maybe it would take less time to unlock stuff this time . 
   t makes me wonder if the two are related . 
  well they belong to the same [ family ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cucurbitaceae ) so yeah . 
  well i guess it 's always summer in esamir . 
  would be cool though if they added a change in the day/night cycle depending on the date . 
  maybe 1 planetside year = 1 month or something . 
  then some days the sun would never set on esamir and some days it would never rise . 
  challenge accepted !, 
  they should add arrows on the edge of the screen pointing out nearby enemy aircrafts . 
  maybe it would require spotting , a radar or give the us the ability to `` lock '' on to one enemy vehicle and we 'll get an arrow pointing towards it . 
  i somewhat agree with you . 
  i think that only the carbines should be shared but with all classes . 
  infiltrators could use it for a more `` special forces '' playstyle and ha could use it as a smaller weapon with better handling , especially if they are focusing more on the anti tank role .
