  i love the fleet excelsior . 
  not only is it an extremely beautiful ship but it 's also extremely powerful , with 4 tac consoles , and an lt. commander tactical station . 
  not to mention the advanced transwarp drive . 
  only way they could improve it would be if i could use the type 6 texture on it . 
  my main problem is that even at point blank range it takes 4 hits to kill someone and at longer range it would take up to 6 ( !!! ), 
  hits to kill someone . 
  so at short range the enemy will out-dps you and at longer range the ttk is too long for it to be useful . 
  i guess it can be used to scare off enemies at range but then i 'd still prefer a carbine as an engineer as i have infinite ammo . 
  swords and shields . 
  sword, 
  mouse 1 : same ( ish ) damage as the current melee , but longer range and will hit anything in an arc making it good vs groups . 
  mouse 3/t : stab attack , even longer range , higher damage but slower . 
  can hit several enemies if they are in a line in front of the max . 
  the shield could work in several possible ways . 
  1 : small but absorbs all damage like the shield of a mana turret . 
  2 : large shield , covers most of the max units front . 
  has a finite amount of hp that will regenerate like the shields of normal infantry . 
  basically an arm-mounted directional version of the standard shield . 
  3 : same as 2 but rather than a finite amount of health it simply reduces the damage the max takes from bullets that go through the shield . 
  both of these would be individual unlocks so they could be combined with other weapons , and each faction would have a slightly different version of the sword . 
  but that 's a problem they should fix anyway . 
  once they 've done that there 's no reason we ca n't have melee maxes . 
  well i was thinking of something that should be equipped by default on squad and platoon leaders both to make them look badass and to make it easier for enemies to spot them in a group . 
  indeed . 
  i think they should go so far as to change the a2g rockets into a multi purpouse weapon and give us bombs as the new anti-ground weapon . 
  decrease damage and increase the speed of the rockets to make them less effective vs ground targets but better vs aircrafts . 
  then give us bombs + stuka sirens to blow up tanks and infantry clusters . 
  swede here . 
  right now it 's dark , cold and it snows or rain almost all the time . 
  from becoming the swedish westcoast again . 
  another thing they could do is to make ir smoke/flares unlocked from the starts and just let us cert the recharge time . 
  it 's not perfect and lock-on launchers will still probably need some nerfing ( range ) but it would help if every vehicle had a counter by default , even if it 's not a very good one . 
  bf3 had the same problem with aircrafts and lock-on launchers and in the end their solution was to make flares something you had from the start . 
  that way new players could use an aircraft without being shot down within seconds by engineers who had played longer . 
  you should switch to vs and get giraffe camo . 
  this reminds me of an old idea of mine . 
  basically , every players should be able to `` mark '' an enemy vehicle . 
  except the only thing this does is make a square or circle apear around that vehicle so that you can keep track of it in a crowd . 
  then add a leadership cert that allows squad and platoon leader to mark vehicles for the entire squad/platoon . 
  if the target is out of your fov , arrows would appear on the side of your screen to point you in the right direction , kinda like the ones in almost every combat flight-sim . 
  this would n't give any sort of actual bonuses , it would simply make it easier to keep track of whatever you 're supposed to shoot at and make it easier to coordinate your fire . 
  edit : also , automark incoming missiles , with both the square/circle and arrows pointing towards it so that avoiding ( and returning ) fire is easier . 
  i was gon na say something out of a mad max - boss nigger mashup . 
  i wonder if we 're ever gon na get a miranda refit/retrofit + fleet version . 
  it could be some sort of escort/cruiser hybrid , or more like a battlecruiser . 
  capable of using dual cannons , agility somewhere between escorts and cruisers , kinda like a science vessel and a lot of tactical and eningeering boff stations , something like a federation equivalent of the [ fleet tor ` kaht retrofit ] ( http://www.stowiki.org/fleet_tor%27kaht_battle_cruiser_retrofit ) , but without the cloak . 
  there 's a much easier way to cheat , unless ofc they 've fixed this by now . 
  press b to go into the manual aiming mode thingy , and aim at each package , when you aim at q , your crosshair will turn into a cogwheel . 
  tada, 
  why not double saron sunderer ? 
  spain with 3 nautral wonders fairly close to my starting position , one pretty much just a stone 's throw away . 
  combine that with the faith from natural wonders pantheon and you 're good to go . 
  maybe , but the feds already have an escort carrier so i 'd rather see something like a federation battlecruiser ,, 
  if any ship should be retrofitted into an carrier hybrid it should be the [ k'tanco battle cruiser ] ( http://www.stowiki.org/k%27tanco_battle_cruiser ) for kdf . 
  place a small hangar on the belly ( [ here ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ntpr6pu.png ) ) and make it a bit more agile than the original . 
  it 's such a sexy hull and with a turn rate of 13 i do n't think it 's completely unreasonable for it to become some sort of kdf hec . 
  my idea for artillery is basically to make a new support vehicle that 's kinda like the sunderers weaker brother . 
  imagine something the size and speed of a sunderer and much less health , so it has to stay away from the frontline . 
  it would have to deploy to use whatever it has in the main weapon slot , then give it one secondary weapon , ( same options as the sundy ) to give it some firepower while on the move . 
  kinda like the [ archer artillery system ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/archer_artillery_system ) but with a lot more options for what it has in the rear . 
  default weapon could be a 150mm howitzer , like a dalton with an improved loading mechanism and he rounds . 
  other options could be rockets , turning it into a stalin organ type vehicle , with lower accuracy and dps than the howitzer , but higher burst dps since it would fire a lot of hurt in a very short time . 
  then we could have a long range aa missile , but with a special type of targeting system , giving it much longer targeting range than the ha launchers but it takes a lot longer to lock on to an esf , slightly longer to lock on to a liberator and kinda the same for galaxies . 
  this would make it very vulnerable to a2g esfs but very dangerous to libs and galaxies . 
  then we could have something like a mortar , with a very short range , slowish rof but with a ton of damage and a big aoe . 
  problem would be that it would have to get in range of stuff like ha launchers , mbts and other things that could turn it into a smoking wreck in seconds . 
  main purpouse would be to clear out stuff like heavily defended sunderers hiding behind rocks , walls and other indestructible objects . 
  then it should have non-weapon options that would also take the main weapon slot . 
  a shield generator , projecting a mushroom/umbrella shaped shield , providing protecton from heavy muntion coming from above , that means rockets , artillery shells and other big nasty things , but not stuff like the esf default main weapons or the liberator shredder . 
  it would also have a hole/tunnel in the middle enabling liberators to simply hover above it and blow it up . 
  the shield would have a finite amount of health but it should regenerate fairly quickly . 
  points would be provided to the owner for every x damage the shield has absorbed . 
  last idea would be a directional radar thingy . 
  once deployed the driver would be able to aim the radar dish towards something , which would then autospot every enemy in a cone at maybe 1km or something like that . 
  every enemy vehicle in this cone would also be targetable 50 or 100 % further away than normal making the radar a very big target designator . 
  the owner would then get spotting points when stuff dies , and something like 50 points for every vehicle destroyed with the help of the range bonus . 
  and oh , almost forgot . 
  some sort of artillery symbol would show up on the map after x amount of shots/rockets/aa missiles have been fired from a hex , making that area a big target for esfs and anything else that can get there fast . 
  same thing for the radar and shield except they would show up after a certain time . 
  and since this vehicle is both slow , has to undeploy to move and only has a secondary weapon for short range defense , it would pretty much just be a point pi\u00f1ata for whoever can get in range . 
  might make a thread about this later once i 've refined the idea . 
  edit : another idea . 
  mobile `` helipad '' . 
  proximity repair system and vehicle ammo dispenser in one , but only for aircrafts . 
  if possible , aircrafts would have to land on it , but if the game engine would make it explode because `` physics '' then it could just have a small area of repair and resupply . 
  big faction colored flashing lights on the pad to make it very visisble for both friends and foes . 
  would be folded together while undeployed and then become almost as large as the landing pads on bases when deployed . 
  kinda relevant , one thing i think vs maxes should have avaliable as an ai weapon should some sort of ppa/lasher type gun . 
  nc has have the jackhammer and their maxs shotguns . 
  tr has have the mini-chaingun and their maxs gatling guns . 
  vs has have the lasher and their maxs have the ... ummm ... pew pew thingy that 's crap at everything ? 
  i know it probably wouldnt work , but imagine a max with dual lashers . 
  maybe give the max something like a 75 % reduction in lasher aoe damage so you do n't have to worry too much about damaging yourself , and then just hold m1 and m2 and watch the fireworks . 
  i know the lasher is pretty situational , but i 'd like to think that with double the firepower and a lot more health a max could use them better than a ha ever could . 
   although it 'd need a big change to reduce friendly splash too, 
  i agree . 
  lorewise they could say that since the lasher is a vanu weapon , they know more about it than tr and nc and have been able to make some sort of protection against the splash damage built in to the standard vs infantry and max armors . 
  i know i would use the lasher a lot more if i knew it would n't result in 25 % of the damage done to me was from myself . 
  i rarely have problems pugging elite stfs except during the reputation bonus event . 
  then all the retards ( who not only do n't know how to run stfs but fly stuff like rainbow battlecruisers and rainbow beam/cannon/turret / dhc bastardized escorts ) decide they 're gon na run elite stfs .
