  well the orange tube kinda was a sign . 
  he just made sure it was hard to miss . 
  do n't forget hek and oursulaert, 
  ahem ... 
  [  :d ] ( http://i623.photobucket.com/albums/tt315/drummeldimp/drummeldimp/drummeldimp40a.jpg ), 
  1 : you can get a lot of nice stuff with ec from the exchange , so it 's kinda important . 
  2 : bridge officer rarity affects their traits and starting skills . 
  some skills are only avaliable from bridge officers of a certain rarity . 
  rare officers also tend to have better traits . 
  if you use a bridge officer to train one of your current officers , it is removed . 
  the best way to use this is to give your officers skills not avaliable from the officer trainer . 
  3 : the sto wiki have a lot of details about duty officers . 
  4 : ~ ~ nope . ~ ~ as kant_lavar pointed out , you can add trophies . 
  completely forgot about that . 
  both are solid choices for nullsec ratting , though maybe a bit slow . 
  drake can tank a lot , but tends to have kinda crappy dps . 
  the dominix is also good at tanking , but you really need good drone skills to use it properly . 
  when i used my domi in 0.0 i had no problems tanking the complexes i ran ( check with google before you enter sites so you do n't fly into something too dangerous ) but my drone skills were kinda crappy so my dps sucked . 
  one alternative would be the gila . 
  i got one through a bpc and it 's kinda like the bastard offspring of a drake and a dominix . 
  i 'm trying to imagine empire specific sniper rifles , but all i can come up with is something like this . 
  tr : rapid fire , like the auto-scout rifle or battle rifle . 
  problem is we already have this . 
  nc : ehm ... high damage , high accuracy , slow rof ... a bolt action sniper ? 
  we already have sniper rifles that does 800 damage . 
  increase it anymore and it would either be a ohk rifle ( baaaad idea ) or it would n't really be any noticable difference . 
  maybe a shotgun sniper ? 
  edit : nc could possibly get a charge mechanic sniper , except all it does is increase bullet velocity . 
  they do use rail/gauss guns and stuff so it 's not completely illogical that you could charge them . 
  vs : charge mechanic sniper rifles ( cause we all love charge weapons ) . 
  would be like the semi-auto snipers , except you could charge a 2x damage shot , enabling it to work as a bolt action sniper . 
  alternatively , it could be a lasher sniper . 
  lower damage but with some aoe . 
  the ultimate weapon for annoying people . 
  honestly , i ca n't come up with anything that would relly work as es snipers . 
  imo , they should just make vanu immune ( or at least have a significant damage reduction ) to the lasher aoe . 
  lore reason could be that since it 's a vs gun , they know more about it than anyone else and have developed a counter to it that 's built in to the infantry armor . 
  that 's what i said . 
  well then just go for a droneboat . 
  i would like this if aircrafts did n't just explode mid air but that the pilot simply lost control and there was a chance to survive the crash . 
  also , if you have the ejection seat cert you should always be able to eject . 
  i 'd recommend you to wait for the standalone release which will come `` soon '' . 
  there are n't that many people playing anymore except on strange modded servers or their own private community servers . 
  if you already have arma 2 : co , then i guess you can try it , but do n't buy it for the mod . 
  the purifier and hound are pretty popular since they have 3 lows and can therefore pump out more dps than the others . 
  this and medic triage should just be default things . 
  no one really uses normal triage or it 's not very noticable . 
  at least i have never noticed being in a vehicle together with a triage medic . 
  but if all medics had it ( and engineers your suggestion ) it would at least make squads and stuff more mobile as they can all just get into their vehicles and get healed and resupplied on the way to their next objective . 
  see if you ca n't just get the role of cheap suicide tackle or something . 
  afaik , most fleets use those . 
  then all you really need is a fast cheap frigate with the right gear but which race it is wo n't really matter much . 
  i wish there was some sort of archipelago tile type that could appear around coasts . 
  not sure what it should do , except maybe slow down larger ships ( not destroyers , iron clads etc ) and maybe give some defensive bonuses . 
  how so ? 
  ammo box + rocket launcher . 
  unlimited rockets . 
  defend an area against tanks all by yourself . 
  [ oh wait ... ] ( http://planetside.wikia.com/wiki/mana_anti-vehicle_turret ), 
  until this thread i do n't think i had ever seen anyone use the name `` yellow jacket '' . 
  99.9999999999999999 % of the time people just call them wasps . 
  except that plasma has mass and newton 's 3rd law should still apply . 
   and it can only become less when i orbit him close, 
  unless something have changed , missiles do n't really give a fuck about how close you are . 
  sure , being smaller and moving faster will reduce damage from missiles but it 's not like with guns and tracking . 
  i wish infiltrators could overload reactors without setting off the alarm and having the timer appear . 
  the reactor should still do the overloading sound and stuff but there would n't be any voice telling peole about it . 
  i agree that we should be able to specialize the classes more , but not that it should be done through a skill tree . 
  for example , in exchange for not having a main weapon , having some of your other abilites buffed . 
  stuff like dedicated healing and repairing engineers , anti-tank has and infiltrators finally getting their stalker cloak . 
  what if a stealthy overload takes longer . 
  both the initial hacking part and the time it takes before it blows up . 
  i realize it could be hard to balance , i 'd just like to see infiltrators have more options to do sneaky shit . 
  another option could be that rather than there being no warning , it 's simply delayed . 
  imo , they need to change the default voices for free . 
  they 're all pretty bad , but nc is worst . 
  and forcing people to pay to not sound like pre-teens would just be evil . 
  voice packs should be more like [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1w7fpwdkvi0 ) ( imagine a vs max sounding like that ) . 
  edit . 
  they should also sell voices , armors and helmets that match each other . 
  for example . 
  vs `` vanu cultist '' . 
  hood as a helmet . 
  a surcoat outside your armor ( with the vs symbol or other decal ) . 
  they would sound something like a mix between [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pj5s81nrdqe ) and [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ictrzuuwlhi ), 
  like a vs knight templar . 
  if you have an soe account it should work . 
  but if you registered on the . eu site , then i think you 're fucked . 
  then you should be good . 
  as long as you have an soe account and not a pro7 account you should be able to use all the soe offers . 
  yeah , the blue link color is n't very noticable unless it 's next to some normal text . 
  this reminds me of something i think i read in science illustrated ( it 's been a while so i could be wrong ) about how the human brain value things , both virtual and real , in the amount of time and affort it takes to get it . 
  for example , an ingame item that took you 5 hours of boring grind to earn will be valued about the same as something that 's worth the amount of real money you earn in 5 hours of work ( after taxes ), 
  i prefer it the unrealistic way like in soldiers : heroes of world war ii . 
  one time in the demo , a he shell landed beneath my sherman and flipped it upside down . 
  it became stationary but i was still able to turn the turret and use the guns . 
  in ps1 , friendly infantry was immune to the lasher aoe . 
  they should add that to ps2 as well and have it apply to ops suggestion . 
  not really a keybind but decreasing my scoped mouse sensitivity by 50 % helped a lot when it came to scoring headshots . 
  i ca n't help but think that [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ihyu7je4za8 ) is what will happen .
