  edit : [ here 's ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_fsbkkpjfna ) the clip i saw . 
  hell , even his powers are similar . 
  i think it would make a nice carrier for the feds . 
  maybe even something they can get for free like the kdf can with the vo'quv . 
  it could be a cruiser/carrier hybrid , similar to the [ corsair retrofit ] ( http://www.stowiki.org/corsair_flight_deck_cruiser_retrofit ) , or maybe even a true carrier with even more limited firepower but 3-4 hangar slots . 
  now all we need is a mirror universe bop , though that might be hard since they would n't really be able to change the boff stations and console layout . 
  would also be nice so that people without bops could buy one on the exchange , like we will be able to do with every other shipclass efter this . 
  they give us a bop with 2 fore slots and 4 aft slots and the ability to fit fore weapons in the aft and vice versa . 
  is it even certain they got the hw ip ? 
  i guess it 's kinda safe to assume they got it with relic but are we sure ? 
  semi related , i would love the ability to send one of my boffs away in my shuttle/fighter as a combat pet . 
  using whatver weapons/modules i have it fitted with and whatever ability that boff could use in the boff station of that craft . 
  we 're apparently carrying it around with us all the time so i do n't see why we could n't use them during combat for some extra firepower . 
  could be an ability with a longish ( 4-5 min ) recharge or something so it ca n't be spammed turning every ship into a carrier , but still short enough to be useful . 
  just imagine sending urist mcengineerboff out in the runabout , shooting beams at stuff , tractorbeaming some enemy before eventually dissapearing in a fireball , but not before being beamed to safety . 
  so if the other tanks got turret stabilisers , it would even things out between the tanks yes ? 
  as a former eve player i can tell you that you need to ignore almost everything about how tanking worked in that game . 
  here you need to mix both because they work differently . 
  shields regen fast , can be focused on a specific direction and have a big reduction against torpedo damage , but they ca n't take nearly as much damage as your hull and also leaks damage ( 5-10 % ) . 
  and hull , think of hull as a mix of hull and armor from eve . 
  it 's your last line of defense and while it can take a lot of damage you should try to avoid taking damage here , but since that is impossible you need hull heals to keep yourself alive , cause if you rely completely on shields you 'll get ruined by heavy plasma torps or the borg . 
  tl ; dr : ignore eves tanking mechanic , mixed tanking is the way to go here . 
  maybe so , but imagine vanguards and lightnings being able to both move and fire `` accurately '' at long rage at the same time . 
  i know that , but my problem is n't low repair rate , it 's an absurdly high repair rate . 
  a lvl 20 char should n't have a 145 % repair rate in combat , and earlier , when piloting the tiny ass escort you can get at lvl 10 i sometimes had 90 % repair rate with zero crewmembers alive . 
  the main reason i suspect it 's a bug is that 90 % of the time my regen was n't that high . 
  when i was flying the escort myregen would usually be between 25 to 35 % depending on my crew , which adds up because according to the wiki , the base regen of an escort with the hull repair skill at lvl 9 is 16,6 % per minute . 
  with my 4 boffs this would mean that the repair rate i should have was either 16,6 * ( 1 + ( 0.2 * amount of human boffs ) ) or 16,6 * 1.2 ^ amount of human boffs . 
  with 16,6 * 1.2 ^ 4 = 34,4 and my regen being 35 % i came to the conclusion this was the repair rate i should have and that everything above that in combat is an anomaly . 
  i still have no idea what causes the spikes in repair rate , my only idea so far is that my ships lack proper escape pods for anyone but me and my boffs and this is the crews way of staying alive . 
  i sure hope so , and hopefully they 'll do it soon while as many as possible of the original actors are still alive . 
  and here i thought it was impossible to dislike the excelsior class . 
  imo it 's one of the best looking shipclasses in star trek . 
  what 's wrong with the refit ? 
  does that first picture mean that the goons are fighting to help fatal ascension ? 
  or does fa mean something else ? 
  awwww . 
  test and fa killing each other would have made me very happy . 
  though raven shadows is n't in command of fa anymore so i guess i do n't really have any reason to dislike them anymore . 
  [ relevant ] ( http://the-qlc.com/comics/quarterlifecrisis_0013.png ), 
  they are simply in denial about spain not being an ex-british colony . 
  i 'm pretty sure it will be like the 2nd anniversary . 
  do the mission once and recieve reward pack . 
  1 lieutenant commander science, 
  looks like i 'll be spamming gw1 with these . 
  i made 25 mil to buy fleet modules for the excelsior in a few days with 4 chars . 
  do some loot heavy foundry mission each day with each char , then buy something with the dilithium that you can sell for ec . 
  i could make about 2 mil ec per day with each char if i was willing to grind 8k dilithium with each one . 
  i tired making [ max von sydow ] ( http://image.eveonline.com/character/90338025_512.jpg ) after they allowed us to have middle names . 
  unfortunately that 's as close as i got before i gave up . 
  honor goes here ? 
  this reminds me of an old idea for a 20mm mingun for the lightning . 
  same damage , accuracy etc as the 20mm mg but with much higher rof . 
  capable of shredding infantry at close quarter , melt light vehicles , annoy the hell out of heavy vehicles and scare aircrafts . 
  the perfect all-round gun . 
  on the plus side , you can buy fleet ship modules on the exchange for abot 5 mil each . 
  that way you wo n't have to spend any dilithium or real money to get it , unlike a zen store ship . 
  it was n't that hard to make 25 mil , though i did have an alt accout to help out and i used up some of those chars dilithium , but that 's only because i was impatient . 
  unfortunately they 've changed the ai in the latest update so grinding weapons free and other foundry missions wo n't be as viable as before . 
  i guess i 'd recommend you to run battleship royal rumble until you hit the loot cap with each character , possibly make more accounts . 
  that way you 'll earn about 400-600k ec each day per character + some dilithium . 
  i dunno ... luck ? 
  even if he 's not planning on using the autopilot functions , mechjeb can be very useful for all the [ information ] ( http://i.imgur.com/zrxur0e.png ) it can give you . 
  especially since vessel information works in vehicle assembly . 
  post your what gear and boffs you have and maybe we can help you . 
  i 'll make this short because my longer and more detailed post was destsroyed as firefox crashed . 
  bascially , get rid of one or both of the science teams , get hazard emitters as it counters the borgs shieldfucker ability and their plasma dot . 
  get emergency power to shields , use batteries/full power to weapons instead of emergency power to weapons . 
  get tactical team asap . 
  use a more conventional weapons build , 6 beam arrays and 2 torps , then broadside the enemy for maximal effect , this is more useful for big slow ships like yours . 
  i might also suggest you put a second engineering boff in the universal slot instead of a tactical and then use tt1 and faw2 in your tac slot . 
  basically , fly around in circles , turn towards or away from the enemy whenever you feel like firing a torpedo , if you want aggro , use faw , then use the rest of your abilities to tank everything the borg throw at you . 
  probably not the best advice and i 'm sure there are better builds , but something like this works pretty well for me in my fleet excelsior . 
  what takeabyte said , but also , iirc , quark talks about how nice the goold looks and how smooth it feels , so the canon reason is probably just that gold looks nice . 
   trade the main weapon for a troop compartment with door gunners ? 
  probably the best solution imo . 
  the door guns would be whatever is in the trinary ( rear ) slot . 
  maybe it could come with a built in speed and agility boonus as the lib should be a lot lighter without that huge gun and its ammo . 
  same for the flash , give us a second seat as a weapon slot unlock . 
  and on a semi related note , allow infantry to ride on the outside of mbts . 
  it would add even more mobility to infantry if they could catch a ride on a friendly magrider , but it wouldn be very ineffective in combat as they would be completely exposed . 
  awesome , that 's pretty much exactly how i think tr squad and platoon leaders should look like . 
  nc would get someething like [ this ] ( http://www.planet-adventure.com/content/images/thumbs/0000276_stone_monkey_mens_pioneer_military_cap.png ) , but with some yellow details and the nc logo . 
  vs should get [ this ] ( http://gifsoup.com/webroot/animatedgifs/880673_o.gif ) hat and disco light balls as a unique hood ornament , maybe something that 's automatically added to the vehicles of squad and platoon leaders . 
  that looks more like something any nc soldier could wear rather than something for an officer . 
  the reason i like the cap is becase it gives both a sort of rugged functional vibe as well as it would work as an officer hat . 
  think [ steiner ] ( http://www.fmvmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/12/cross-of-iron1.jpg ) from cross of iron and you 'll kinda see what i mean . 
  too angular for vs. 
  they should rather have something like [ this ] ( http://images.wikia.com/warhammer40k/images/c/c0/wraithguard_attack.jpg ), 
  with 9 happiness !, 
  how is this even possible ? 
  i should probably start playing civ again before i start commenting . 
  since we now have access to smgs , the artemis . 
  it was n't very good to begin with , pretty much just a carbine/assault rifle with less ammo and now that infiltrators can have smgs its role as a close-quarter weapon for infiltrators is over . 
  most : h-v45 . 
  insane rof ( shared second place among ars ) combined with the standard low recoil + high accuracy of most vs guns it 's a cqc monster . 
  after getting it in the weapon pack , 90 % of my playtime time i have been playing medic just to use this gun . 
  worst : artemis or eidolon . 
  artemis was never good at its role as a cqc weapon for infiltrators and now the smg has taken over that role completely . 
  eidolon either needs to do more damage or have a higher rof to be useful cause right now a carbine or lmg is better even at longer range .
