  it does sound like it could make an intresting game . 
  it also reminded me of [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rome_sweet_rome ) story . 
  could possibly make an intresting mod for total war : rome 2, 
  i have an idea for another alert type . 
  it would be a smaller alert , for outfits/platoons , based around capturing individual bases . 
  lets say the alert system tried to find a few platoons and/or smaller outfits on two teams , and give all of them a mission like `` capture and hold bases x and y for z minutes '' . 
  for example , nc holds ravens landing and tr the ascent . 
  a few groups on both teams are given the mission to take and hold both of those bases for 10 minutes . 
  that way we would hopefully get two semi-organized teams focused on a smaller area . 
  this could be used for the game to have some additional control over where players go , possibly to prevent people fromcreating a few huge zerg clusterfucks and instead make several smaller zerging clusterfucks . 
  yes you are . 
  not that there 's anything wrong with that . 
  yeah . 
  i did that when i found out what pledging to protect actually did . 
  i tried it using religion once , but just pledging to protect all the city states is much easier ( and does n't waste religion ) . 
  very nice when going tall since you 'll get all this bonus food , culture and faith + you almost never have to produce any military units of your own . 
  except that it would only broadcast to the people who get the mission . 
  reddit seems to like naming stuff test . 
  i would say yes just because someday you might want to go there . 
  i knew several incursion runners for example who had to do something else for a few days because the current incursions where in places they could n't go . 
  same thing happened when we were roaming as some people could n't go to our meeting point unless they wanted to go through lowsec by their own and meet us there . 
  my suggstions would be to find a place with several agents so that you can just say no to any missions vs an empire faction and still have missions to run . 
  well the thing was that i had the creating of pots and alcohol on repeat and a constant supply of ingredients from farms and stone from my mining . 
  the problem was that i did n't notice when my only brewers died . 
  since i had a huge fucking population at the time , they drank a lot of alcohol . 
  so even though i had a large stockpile , i still ran out of alcohol pretty fast . 
  by the time i noticed , it was too late and my new unskilled brewers could n't brew fast enough to save everyone , even with some extra breweries . 
  my biggest annoyance with the reputation system is the consumable and commodities cost . 
  without them i would just need to grind marks and xp ( lol ) and run the projects . 
  but currently i also have to aquire worthless crap items , half of which have to be bought . 
  then i must either buy them all the time or have half my bank and inventory taken up by them . 
  while this might be a bit futuristic , i would like some sort of `` adaptive '' camofluage . 
  not a cloaking device , but rather a camo that changes its color palette to better match its surroundings . 
  kinda like [ this ] ( http://dragonartz.files.wordpress.com/2009/04/_vector-camouflage-seamless-background-cs-by-dragonart.png ) . 
  indeed . 
  especially since we already have stuff like [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&amp;v=wllqdfsmnce ) on the protype stage . 
  that 's what i thought as well . 
  i suspect they might get nerfed when absolutely everyone has them . 
  compared the the default launchers , they do 200 ( 11 % ) less damage . 
  also when dumb fired , they have some extra drop and the av launchers have a 20 % lower rocket velocity ( -10 m/s ) and range ( -80 m ) . 
  in return they have target lock , and when fired with a lock has a 100-130 % higher rocket velocity and range than the default launchers . 
  in the end , i ca n't help but feel that the advantages outwheigh the disadvantages making these weapons upgrades rather than sidegrades . 
  ofc , i havent used them much so it 's very possible i 'm wrong , but on paper it does look kinda unbalanced , not to mention how it feels whenever you 're using a vehicle . 
  i would pvp more if there were more types of pvp . 
  for example , a small-craft only game mode where the first team to desstroy all the enemy sattelites win/the team that has destroyed more sattelites when the timer runs out . 
  or a gamemode where one player on each team gets to use his normal ship , but everyone else will use small-crafts , and the objective is to destroy the enemy flagship . 
  i think at least the overview settings can be exported . 
  should be an option somehwere in the overview settings . 
  if you 're able to contact some of your friends in eve some other way , check if any of them could share their overview settings . 
  afaik , most people in the same business have similar overview settings . 
  iirc , the daredevil already uses magnetometric ( gallente ) sensors . 
  edit : just checked [ in game ] ( http://i.imgur.com/p60rqmz.png ) and [ evelopedia ] ( http://wiki.eveonline.com/en/wiki/daredevil ) . 
  it has gallente sensors . 
  i 'd say science just because you already have tactical and engineering captains . 
  unless ofc you plan on unlocking more character slots . 
  i think the tr lockdown mode should reduce your range of pivot a lot more than it currently does . 
  it would hopefully help aircrafts as the max would have a much harder time tracking them . 
  also , the animation could be a bit longer . 
  i do n't think it should be illegal , but if the buyer has less isk than needed for the order , it should be marked somehow , let 's say with red text . 
  the thought of a dual vulcan sunderer is just terrifying . 
  once it gets up close it would just melt tanks . 
  yeah , afaik the main reason people ever buy lower tier zen ships is for the special items that come with them . 
   `` in 1916 , the russians conducted their first registration point shoot : the adjustment of fire onto one target to identify inaccuracy , then switching to another while applying the known correction to achieve accuracy and surprise . '', 
  clever bastards . 
  i love it as well , at least after the recent buff since it can now ohk infantry again . 
  buying plex with isk is possible , but you would probably have to pay for at least the first 3 months . 
  if you 're refering to the 50k sp we got , save it until some day when you want/need a skill trained really fast . 
  and now we got a semi-auto ohk sniper rifle . 
  i am in fact very ok with that . 
  indeed , though the default launchers could possibly stay the same since ( imo ) they are slightly underpowered compared to the lock-on launchers . 
  from an earlier post . 
   compared the the default launchers , they do 200 ( 11 % ) less damage . 
  also when dumb fired , they have some extra drop and the av launchers have a 20 % lower rocket velocity ( -10 m/s ) and range ( -80 m ) . 
   in return they have target lock , and when fired with a lock has a 100-130 % higher rocket velocity and range than the default launchers . 
  combined with the new price of 250 certs , i think these launchers will become extremely common and indirectly nerf vehicles even more . 
  how about maxs ca n't be revived at all but get a bit more health . 
  yeah , the dorito should n't follow the target but should rather remain above the position it was when you spotted it . 
   long pressing `` q '' ( 3-5 sec ) marks the enemy as priority target, 
  i agree , except i think that holding q for 1-2 seconds should be enough . 
  it should also be possible to use it against terrain as a sort of `` fire at that position '' order if you 're fighting something you ca n't mark ( like infantry ) or groups of enemies . 
  i think aircrafts could also use this as a sort of target tracker . 
  most combat flight sims have the ability to `` lock '' a target so that you have an indicator telling you where it is even if it 's outside your fov . 
  my own bravery ( stupidity ) as i drive straight into the enemy lines . 
  ninja edit : also , underestimating the speed of other vehicles . 
  indeed . 
  and do n't forget the new lovely price of 250 certs for the g2a lock-on launchers . 
  i do n't think they should be removed , but rather just changed . 
  currently we have 3 main weapons for each esf , the default guns ( all-round ) , the rotaries ( a2a ) and the lolcannons ( a2g ) but only 2 secondaries , the rocketpods ( a2g ) and the lock-ons ( a2 ) . 
  with bombs as the new a2g secondary , the rockets should be rebalanced into an all-round weapon , buffing its a2a capabilites and nerfing its a2g power . 
  let 's say less damage , smaller aoe but much higher rocket velocity . 
   comparable damage, 
  the annihilator does 1200 damage , the striker does 5x500 damage ( if all missiles hit ) giving it the highest potential damage of all launchers , even higher than the decimator . 
  then combine it with the intense hate a lot of us players feel towards lock-ons in general and you get the idea of why people do n't like the striker . 
  another common complaint that i hear from tr players about the striker is simply that it 's boring . 
  it 's just another no skill lock-on , something the game already had before the es launchers . 
   more trope-dependent vos and visual design . 
  oh yes . 
  all the empires need their default voices and to some extent their visuals changed . 
  they should also make special voices for full-face helmets , maxs ( imagine a vs max sounding like [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1w7fpwdkvi0 ) ) and possibly infiltrators . 
  after they 've done that , they should sell `` thematical '' ( no idea what word i 'm looking for ) armors , helmets and voice packs ( the pieces should be sold both separately and in different packs ) that represent other aspects of the factions while the default visuals and voices should represent the mainstream soldier of the factions .
