  you could have checked the sidebar ... 
  and right now the dr xp gain is extra slow because of what is hopefully an unintentional fuckup of cryptic . 
  basically they said they were gon na increase both the xp required to level up but also the xp we gain from stuff in a sort of strange + / -0 update but they did n't increase the xp gain from killing hit and doffing enough . 
  iirc , she could literally just get a whole new body . 
  like plug in a usb cable and transfer her mind . 
  i think you 're thinking of the ancient obelisk warp core and its 2-piece set bonus with the free ap-omni beam from the same mission . 
  and yeah , the 10 % bonus for ap damage is really nice and since it 's ( iirc ) a category 2 bonus it 's actually better than the damage bonus from [ amp ] if you 're using ap weapons . 
  ofc fleet cores have other nice bonuses and since he has apparently upgraded his to mk xiv gold i 'm not sure it would be worth replacing it . 
  basically , make a russian airborne deck but put most of your infantry in ground transports . 
  shock infantry , ifvs , transports with aa-guns , zhalos and other fun stuff supported by an insane amount of planes and helicopters . 
  could n't you just have bought it from the exchange ? 
  you should pretty much only open lockboxes to get account bound stuff like lobi crystals . 
  whoops . 
  i tend to have one card of gornos 90 or whatever they 're called for their nice atgm and one card of manpad infantry in helos . 
  the first because they only come in helos and the latter because sometimes you need to get aa to the frontline asap . 
  are you saying that the dauntless aoe heal trait applies to the borg hull heal proc ? 
  have you tested it or is it just a theory ? 
  imo the main problem with the crafted omni-beams is that they 're kinda expensive and have pretty shitty modifiers . 
  might as well get a [ crtd ] x3 beam array or similar for basically the same cost . 
   even agent nerul, 
  o ___ o, 
  that 's the special dr-pack shield distribution doff right ? 
  that fucker is awesome enough as it is and now you 're telling me i can heal my teammates and carrier pets with him !, 
  now i kinda want to make a carrier build with every hull-heal proc i can get to create immortal carrier pets . 
  first of all , the word you 're looking for is modifiers , not procs . 
  procs are stuff like phaser weapons chance to disable subsystems . 
   i upgraded embassy science console to `` epic '' . 
  i did n't get more proc . 
  it just increased its power . 
  consoles ca n't get any modifiers from upgrading , it just makes them better . 
  consoles usually do n't have any modifiers at all . 
   also i upgraded my polaron fleet beam . 
  i did n't get more procs . 
  it just increased dps . 
  did it increase in rarity or just mark level ? 
  increasing stuff in rarity is what gives new modifiers ( if the item can get them ) while mark level just increase the power of the item . 
  if your fleet beam array increased in rarity from ur to epic it should have gained the [ ac/dm ] modifier . 
  tbh i do n't think it would affect your dps that much ( iirc tac consoles are category 1 bonuses so the 4 % difference would kinda be a drop in the ocean ) but personally i would get a set of damage specific spire consoles and then just use normal tac consoles when messing around with different builds . 
  unfortunately my engineering character in a recluse is kdf ... 
  except yaknow ... the dauntless and its trait . 
  i remember one battle in empire where i was playing as britain and ended up in a battle against a huge native american force . 
  outnumbered by something like 2:1 or 3:1 i fortified a small hill with my line infantry and cannons and prepared to make a nice little last stand . 
  in the end all my units were out of ammo and i had taken around 75 % casualties but ended up victorious by routing the last remaining enemies with a bayonet-charge . 
   someone on the forum said that on tribble , the critter kill xp is doubled as well as the mission reward . 
  lets hope they also include this in the holodeck update . 
  iirc they 've increased the xp reward for a lot different stuff on tribble several times , only to not include the change in the holodeck patch . 
  the reciprocity trait you get from the phantom is awesome for the eclipse and can allow you to use only 1 copy of each tactical and intel ability without relying on a2b . 
  it reduces the cd of your tactical and intel abilities by 10 % every time you 're missed . 
  it can only happen once every 2-3 seconds or so but that 's enough . 
  i 'm pretty sure i remember some people on an old ( now pretty much dead ) message board i used to browse were playing some free wh40k tabletop simulator or whatever you should call it . 
  it was some really ugly 2d game but i think it basically had the normal tabletop rules and everything . 
  i 'll dig through some threads and see if i can find it . 
  edit : i did n't find it but i 'm 99 % sure it 's the wh40k plugin for the vassal engine that / u/twisted _ fate mentioned . 
  welp ... 
  i need this . 
  already have the bosh and the golf and the set would n't be complete without the basestar . 
  it 's awesome for pretty much any build . 
  sure it might be a bit redundant on an escort or a2b cruiser but some extra cd reduction is still nice . 
  imo it 's incredibly useful for science vessels since they also tend to be a bit limited when it comes to tactical ability but ca n't / should n't use a2b builds . 
   first of all . . ss means single target . 
  and what stops me from doing this with faw ? 
  this might sound strange but check your inventory for something that looks like the starfleet insignia . 
  sometimes when i 've claimed ships/opened ship boxes the ship ended up in my inventory as a strange item with the starfleet symbol . 
  double clicking on it then added it to my list of ships . 
  it could be interesting if there were some special items only available as rare random drops in pve ( maybe not foundry missions ) . 
  different enemy types having different special drops . 
  like gear with new special modifiers and some new weapon types ( phasic phased phasers , 3x phaser procs ) . 
  for example , deflectors with crth/d/x mods , energy weapons that use less power , more ground weapons with expose primary attacks , tac consoles with accuracy bonuses , hybrid sci consoles ( gives 50-60 % of the normal bonus but for 2 skills ) , unique kit modules ( like elachi and breen stuff ) , new interesting consumables etc etc. 
   i 'm talking about things like swapping tactical consoles with universal ones, 
  noooooooooooo, 
  you should pretty much never use universal consoles in the tac slots , ever . 
   my fleet wants me to fit a traditional healer roll however they expect me to pull some weight . 
  imo you should n't really need much more than science team and hazard emitters for healing yourself and your teammates . 
  if they need you to heal more than that they should look over their own builds . 
   my setup is pretty ragtag , i have a dual heavy cannon and dual beam bank in addition to a quantum torpedo launcher . 
  three turrets are in the back . 
  i would recommend you to get something like 5 beam arrays and the kinetic cutting beam . 
  beam arrays + faw is basically the best way to deal a lot of dps , though it might get spread a bit thin . 
  depends on what stats/gear you already have . 
  like the usefulness of the 2p bonus from the proton weapon kinda depends on your current crit chance , crit severity and how many [ crtd ] modifiers your other weapons have . 
  like a romulan with spire consoles and sro boffs could already have 30 % crit chance and would benefit more from a [ crtd ] x3 weapon . 
  most people seem to recommend the kcb but i 've seen some people here saying that energy weapons with good modifiers are better since the kcb has [ dmg ] x3 which is kinda crappy and it ca n't benefit from faw and other weapon abilities . 
  because beam arrays are basically the best weapon in sto . 
  their 250 degree firing arc combined with faw means that you 'll deal damage to every enemy in a 10km radius . 
  they also benefit from some weapon power shenanigans and suffer less from the long range damage penalty which gives them some other advantages over cannons . 
  you also want beams if you want to occasionally use the sci ships build in target subsystems abilities . 
  and mixing beams and cannons is usually a bad idea . 
  medieval 2 : england or venice . 
  the former because of their bowmen and the latter because of a silly strategy i had where i basically invaded countries , looted their cities and razed the buildings to fund a huge mercenary army that burned everything in its path , and venice had a pretty good starting position to to this . 
  shogun 2 : chosokabe or whatever the archer dudes were called . 
  nice starting position and archers were pretty awesome in s2 . 
  s2 : fots : the guys in the south with two starting regions and the regional building that could give your units an accuracy and/or armor bonus . 
  you could get some really really nasty riflemen by stacking those bonuses . 
  that is strange . 
  could you post your build with the beams and include your bridge officer abilities . 
  also , which enemies were you fighting and at which difficulty level ? 
  and you did n't have this problem with the previous build ? 
  assuming that they are of a similar quality , 3x turrets , 1x dbb and 1x dhc should do like 5 % more damage than 5x beam arrays and then you have problems like not all weapons benefiting from your weapon abilities , bigger damage penalty at range and stuff like that . 
  the voth do have pretty durable shields though but except for when they use their damn invulnerability power you should n't have much problem taking them down with 6x beam arrays . 
  you have maxed your weapon power right ?
