  kafv 40/50 : 40 mm gmg + .50 cal mg + cheap = one of my favorite ifvs . 
  unfortunately you can only get one card of these . 
  th-495 : another cheap basic ifv . 
  warrior : again , cheap and simple . 
  warrior 90 : actually pretty good with 4 front armor and a better cannon . 
  afaik their only ifv is the m113 minigun for their engineers but i have no idea how useful that thing actually is . 
   so i was wondering what the best way to go about building a decently competitive ifv force would be . 
  well the most important part is usually the passengers . 
  if there 's no decent infantry unit available as passengers for the ifv you 're probably better off with a fire-support vehicle . 
  it can be pretty important if the ifv is amphibious or not . 
  the ability to avoid the choke-points called bridges can be worth a lot more than a good gun and some extra armor . 
  if you do n't have any ifvs with atgms you 'll probably need to send additional support in the form of tank-destroyers or similar . 
  gmgs are awesome vs infantry and while they have pretty decent range vs ground ( 1,2 km iirc ) they tend to have shitty range vs helicopters so they 'll need more aa support than other ifvs . 
  unless you 're playing as mechanized you should also have at least one infantry unit in a wheeled transport for the opening rush . 
  that roadspeed can be a lot more useful than an autocannon and some armor . 
  some sort of combat-recon-vehicle is very useful as support for ifvs or vehicles7tanks in general when you 're on the offensive . 
  something with good optics , some armor and a decent gun . 
  howitzers and/or mortars for smoke generation . 
  blocking the line of sight of those pesky units that outrange your ifvs can be vital for a succesful offense . 
  the uk has a huge advantage for this because they have a mortar that generates more smoke than any other mortar or howitzer except for the bison 81mm ( which is n't available as mechanized ) . 
  edit : one more thing, 
  something that 's very important to remember is how ap vs armor is calculated and how weapons with the [ ke ] tag ( ie pretty much every autocannon ) works . 
  damage done = ( ( ap - armor ) / 2 ) + 1 . 
  this means that as long as the ap is equal or greater than the targets armor you will do damage . 
  weapons with the [ heat ] tag will always do at least 1 damage but afaik there are no [ heat ] autocannons ( oh god that would be op ) . 
  if the target has 0 or 1 in armor , [ ke ] weapons will get a 4x damage multiplier and [ heat ] weapons will get a 2x multiplier . 
  also , weapons with the [ ke ] tag gains +1 ap for every 350 meters closer than max range it is to it 's target . 
  this means that for example if a strf 9040 fires at a target 1000 meters away it would get a bonus of ( 1925-1000 ) / 350 = 2,64 = 2 ( i guess ) ap . 
  combined with the 4x multiplier this is why autocannons kill shitty transports and other fragile units so damn fast . 
  also , below 350 m , any ap weapon will do at least 1 damage . 
  with their high rof , this means that ifvs suddenly become really dangerous to tanks if they can get close ( like in a forest ) . 
  yeah , they 're better used 1-2km outside the forest together with a recon unit . 
  like the others have said , napalm bombers , howitzers and mortars are some of the best options for dealing with infantry in forests . 
  this is why you will also want some sort of unit for aa support and something for counter artillery to deny the enemy the ability to use these tactics . 
  1-2 asfs patrolling near the forest can be useful for keep the enemy napalm bombers away but what 's even better is cheap spammable aa units inside the forest . 
  5-15 point manpad infantry or cheap spaags with some armor like the type-80 spaag are really useful for this . 
  for counter-artillery you usually want something accurate like a 203 mm howitzer to take out the enemy artillery before it can run away or something like a smerch/mars to destroy any light vehicle in a large area . 
  * logistics, 
  looks good . 
  * infantry, 
  you need more regular infantry . 
  6 motostrelki 90 wo n't last long at all . 
  skip the spetsnaz in the skrezhet and get another card of motostrelki 90 in a bmp-1d . 
  maybe replace the bmp-3 with a btr-90 . 
  also consider putting the atgm and manpad infantry in skrezhet transports . 
  * support, 
  you might want a howitzer so consider replacing the smerch or a tunguska with a msta . 
  if you keep both tunguskas consider replacing one of them with another buk . 
  * tanks, 
  looks decent, 
  * recon, 
  put one of your recon infantry in a transport helicopter . 
  maybe put the spetsnaz vmf in a btr-80a if you want to use the btr-90 for your motostrelkis . 
  possibly , if you can get the activation points from somewhere ( like skipping the command infantry ) , get a 5th recon unit . 
  or replace one of the recon infantry . 
  examples, 
  a cheap recon helicopter . 
  something like the mi-4 that you can send on high-risk missions . 
  ka-52s are really nice but still vulnerable to manpad infantry and asfs . 
  a cheap-ish recon vehicle that can fight . 
  either for supporting your units in an offensive or for hunting . 
  the bdrm-3 is one of my favorite units for this . 
  high speed and a very accurate autocannon makes it really good at simply roaming around and killing stuff . 
  sometimes i 'll rush a point at the beginning of a game with just one of these and fairly often i 'll get a bunch of kills . 
  * vehicles, 
  looks good . 
  maybe do n't upvet the shturm . 
  iirc the mi-24v ( ? ), 
  only costs 5 more points but has twice as many atgms and it can turn its autocannon . 
  it might also have worse rocketpods but imo atgms are more important . 
  * planes, 
  i would replace the mig-27k with a su-25t . 
  it has 16 atgms so it 's capable of killing a lot of stuff before having to resupply . 
  exactly, 
  most of the nicknames are completely random except for the first letter and the number of syllables . 
  the su-27m should be perfectly capable of doing that . 
  for me the su-25t is the perfect compromise between a helicopter like the mi-28 or ka-50 and a fast atgm plane like the mig-27k . 
  it gets where i want it fast enough and has a ton of missiles to deal with ifvs and other cheaper vehicles that does n't need 30 ap to kill . 
  not really sure if they 're underrated but oh well . 
  * lvrbv 701 . 
  swedish ir-sam vehicle with 12 rbs 70 missiles . 
  nothing special but it costs only 25 points and have pretty high availability . 
  * the bison and fv4 ## 81mm mortar carriers . 
  canadian and uk mortar units with the secret `` absurd amount of smoke '' trait . 
  * the us and nk `` gmg helicopters '' . 
  cheap little helicopters armed with dual gmgs like the ones found on the bmp-1d and lvtp-7a1 . 
  french 30pt recon tank with good optics and 19 ( !!!!!! ), 
  rpm . 
  evil little fucker in tactical games . 
  similar to the 13/90 but with a shittier gun and optics but also armed with some atgms . 
  the shittiest of the redfor atgm vehicles . 
  the good thing is that it only cost 30 points and comes with 18 missiles . 
  really nice for suicide missions . 
  * jdsf rangers and the `` czech gibberish '' recon units . 
  5 man squads with a dmr instead of an mg . 
  * light riflemen 90 . 
  a lot of people here talk shit about them but that 1,9 km range atgm is awesome against anything with light armor which is like 90 % of the targets . 
   but i have to dump aux, 
  one way to `` nerf '' a2b could be to make aux power more useful for non-science ships/builds . 
  maybe the effect from cruiser commands could depend on your aux power .
