  yeah that 's the problem , we ca n't really get them because of the lore . 
  i simply wish that gw had added something like that before they decided to nuke the fantasy universe . 
  the rangers with great weapons appear to have armor piercing throwing axes rather than crossbows so they should be pretty different from quarrellers . 
  that 's pretty much what i wish they could get . 
  on the other hand both orc boyz and savage orcs are supposed to be able to equip spears so mmmmmmmmaybe ca could add them and give them a few precursor spears , like some form of orc peltast . 
  apparently the dwarfs used to have access to spears in some of the older editions . 
  would have been pretty nice in tw : w since then we could basically had dwarf phalanx formations . 
  tbh i would n't mind a dlc for chaos or the beastmen or any other dlc faction as long as it 's cheap . 
  like 1 ll , 1 new lord type , 2-3 new units , around 10 ror and then a price around 4 euro , so like half the content of g&g and k&w for half the price . 
  iirc it was something like this . 
   would you rather have pubes for teeth or teeth for pubes . 
  they did the same thing with the big uns , nasty skulkers and ( afaik ) outriders with grenade launchers . 
  i hope they continue this trend with some hochland long rifle unit for the empire . 
  yeah dwarfs with spears would be pretty damn useful but afaik ca is only using the 8th edition stuff . 
   use psychically deaf colonists and a psychic ship, 
  or buy a bunch of psychic foil helmet . 
   still no decent spear infantry, 
  this one really bothers me since both orc boyz and savage orcs can be upgraded with spears in the 8th edition . 
  [ source ] ( https://vk.com/doc703852_222162588?hash=9cc9dd462477116a02&amp;dl=4cd66f376784e2e781 ), 
  and where is the savage orcs [ big stabba ] ( https://www.google.se/search?q=savage+orc+big+stabba&amp;biw=1920&amp;bih=940&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;sqi=2&amp;ved=0ahukewistmrb5-hpahvfbywkhvmtb8oq_auibigb ) unit ? 
  i would imagine that as a pretty shitty unit with a huge anti-large bonus which could be pretty fun to use . 
  like 24 pairs of savage orcs carrying big stabbas , with high damage , high charge bonus , huge anti large bonus but extremely shitty melee defense and not that much health . 
   i kinda want a greenskin unit of shamans or something just screaming and encouraging the army, 
  imo this would be a pretty good role for the orc big boss hero unit . 
  in the tt there is both a normal , a savage and a black orc variant so if they just added one of those with some various morale and stat buffing traits/abilities it could certainly help a lot . 
  kinda but they only have a +8 bonus vs large . 
  for comparison , spearmen have + 14 and halberdiers +17 . 
  ofc the big uns still do more damage since their base damage is pretty high but they 're still more like damage dealers with a minor anti-large bonus than actual anti-large infantry . 
  well then you should love the big stabba . 
  a speed penalty seems like a kinda odd choice for the smoke bomb . 
  imo a ma and md penalty would have made more sense and since the skulkers does n't seem to be that great at melee themselves it could have helped them quite a bit . 
  nope , it 's a different type of poison that only has the speed debuff but stronger than the normal poison . 
  i have an `` ocd '' about having even amount of unit types ( unless there 's just one ) . 
  eg , i might have a lord , 8 melee inf , 4 range inf , 4 cav , 2 artillery and one `` special ( hero , giant etc ) . 
  i honestly get a bit bothered watching people play and they have like 5 spearmen . 
  # this does not have my consent !, 
  quick question , can these agents die permanently like normal agents if they fall in combat or get assassinated . 
  i figured since they were a bunch of special ghost characters that maybe they were different . 
  any plans on adding `` legendary heroes '' or would that be classified ? 
  sometimes i wish totalwar games used something more like the unit caps like in star craft and many other rts games ( where you had like 100 pop cap and different units cost different amount of pop caps . ), 
  rather than the 20 unit limit . 
  lets say an army had a 30-40 pop cap and most units cost 2 pops so it 's more or less the same as before but now you can also have huge armies of shit tier troops but no more armies with like 1 lord and 19 top tier units . 
  they only have 25 armor though so they 're not that durable . 
  probably because they 're ethereal . 
  [ here ] ( http://i.imgur.com/uthzucj.png ) are their stats if you 're interested . 
  you pretty much have to take out skarsnik asap before he has time to become a real problem . 
  basically , take the first nearby settlement in your starting province and them more or less just rush skarsniks start region but if his army is too strong , try to use ambush stance until he leaves the settlement undefended . 
  i had a similar problem and basically only managed to capture karak eight peaks by more or less using ambush stance to hide from anything too strong and then waiting until the gits eventually leave karak eight peak less defended ( only like half a stack + garrison ) and just rush it . 
  [ here 's a story about some us marines in norway ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/prorevenge/comments/1w0sav/6th_grade_girl_bullies_get_destroyed/cexnfsr/?context=3 ), 
  yeah but that skill only gives up to 9 ma for slayers . 
  wurrzag can get +24 ma and +22 cb for all savage orc units in his army and volkmar and the arch lectors can get +12 % speed , +12 % weapon strength , +30 % charge bonus and 50 % missile resistance for all flagellant units . 
  i guess that with the bonuses from grimnirs heirs + ungrims bonus the slayers get a kinda decent buff but not on the same level i want . 
  maybe ungrim and the daemon slayers could get some different ability instead of rally and stand your ground since +16 leadership wo n't do a damn thing for slayers . 
  i mean volkmar got the +30 % cb and 50 % missile resistance buffs instead of those abilities in his skill tree . 
  the daemon slayers could have the drawback of only being able to have other slayer units in their armies , 
  tbh one of the main reasons i think it should be a free-lc is because of ungrim ironfist . 
  i would be ok with the rest of the slayers being added in some form of k&w style dlc but if they eventually decide to give ungrim his own faction it would probably have to be free and if they were to add a new faction for him then imo it would be the perfect time to also add the missing slayer units . 
  ofc they could basically do this with a different ll and make it a part of a paid dlc but ungrim is the god damn slayer king . 
  and since they added stuff like, 
  it does n't need to have a super strong garrison like kak but what we get right now is just silly . 
  a lvl 5 settlement and you still get miners or goblins ... 
  also , by the time you take k8p you have probably taken out your rival a long time ago . 
  well it still does n't make any sense since i can build the garrison structures in all the normal province capitals when playing as belegar or skarsnik , resulting in k8p in the end having the worst garrison of all my province capitals . 
  so why would my most important settlement have such a shitty garrison when i can get better stuff in karak-nowhereland in bullshit mountain ? 
  i just want the same damn garrisons as all the normal province capitals . 
   `` nooooooo this ca n't be th - holy hell a smart pistol ! '', 
  i almost got a bit pissed at bt when i realized that he had been carrying around this op piece of shit the entire time and never told me  :(, 
  finally !, 
  tyvm . 
  while it might be a bit too much work to do this with all units ( and imo the current system is fine ) i would like if we could equip our heroes with different weapon types . 
  for example the empires captain should be able to equip either a great weapon or a handgun . 
  gib code ya zogging git !, 
  is n't the bsb an upgrade for the captain ? 
  yeah it would be nice if the units had some form of officer model like in older tw games but it probably would n't add that much in terms of gameplay . 
   separate slayers into troll/giant versions, 
  personally i 'm hoping for a slayer update/dlc that add slayers with great weapons , giant slayers , dragon slayers and maybe even daemon slayers . 
  i would also like ungrim to get his own slayer faction and a new skill tree with more slayer buffs . 
  imo outriders are good as they are . 
  the normal ors are like fast handgunners with even higher dps ( though some people claim they have some accuracy issues ) and they can fire over infantry . 
  the ors with gls are pretty nice if you have to fight against the vcs or any other faction that like large blobs of low armor infantry . 
  since they can also fire over your infantry you can just kinda station them behind your infantry line and let them bombard the attacking enemies . 
   slayers are already ap, 
  no they 're not . 
  they do 36 normal damage ( +24 vs large ) and 12 ap damage . 
  that 's pretty much what i hope the dragon slayer will be . 
  an anti-large duelist glass cannon . 
  giant slayers could be like aspiring champions though , with some anti-large bonuses . 
  ap might not be that useful against most super monsters but there 's also quite a lot of heavily armored cavalry . 
  also , in tt slayers have some rule about getting to choose between dual wielding 1h axes or using a 2h axe at the start of combat so slayers with great weapons should pretty much be added eventually . 
  afaik grave guards ca n't have halberds in the tt so that would be haram . 
  i use ambush stance to hide my army so they do n't run away from it . 
  for example i might place it next to an undefended town i think they 'll attack . 
  even if they do n't get ambushed they will not have enough movement left to escape so then i 'll simply destroy them when it 's my turn . 
  i pretty much `` abuse '' the ambush stance all the time when i want to hide from something scary , make a weaker enemy not run away or trick the enemy into leaving a settlement undefended . 
   middenheim : + resistance to chaos/vc in surrounding provinces, 
  imo the best thing about this building is the +6 levels for witch hunters and warrior priests recruited there . 
  with the top level temple building and some tech you end up being able to recruit lvl 13 whs and wps from that province . 
  i wish gw could add some new units for the whfb dwarfs ( 8.5 edition ? ), 
  just so ca could add them to tw : w. like some steam powered ground vehicle ( kinda like chariots minus the animals ) and maybe some rare dwarf unit that has decided that poleaxes are halal . 
  chaos have javelins and throwing axes with their marauding horsemen , the new dwarf rangers with great weapons in the k&w dlc have throwing axes and the lizardmen use javelins and blowpipes .
