  left mouse controls sword , right mouse pistol . 
  while i do like this idea ( had the same in my old post ) i 'd also like some sword that just takes the pistol and melee slot . 
  maybe some ns shortsword without all the fancy special stuff but better than the standard knife . 
  made for those who want a secondary weapon that 's better for cqc and wo n't run out of ammo . 
   the relativity might not have any weaponry at all, 
  but even if it does n't have any weapons , the captain could probably just do some eva and use his phaser pistol to destroy all the other ships in this thread . 
  my main issue with the sword + pistol combo as a main weapon is that it would pretty much only be usable by las and infiltrators as they ( and maxs ) are the only ones with a reliable way to get into melee range . 
  the only other use i can think of would be to look badass but that rarely wins any fights . 
  swords as secondary weapons on the other hand would be useful for anyone who for example is gon na attack a biolab or fight inside a tower where fighting at close quarter is pretty much guaranteed and/or friendly engineers are nowhere to be seen . 
  you can find it in ds9, 
  they do n't look like [ gorn ] ( http://images1.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20090425224552/memoryalpha/en/images/9/9b/gorn.jpg ) to me . 
  because soe hates vanu . 
  in ps1 , the lib just dropped bombs . 
  normal unguided stupid bombs that fell down and made big explosions . 
  then they either need to change the vs art theme or simply be less strict about it . 
  though hopefully they will be when we get all the different faction versions of items we 've bought . 
   long-range damage decay, 
  if this is actually the case then soe really really hates vanu . 
  pretty sure they wont be called that in the actual game . 
  well odds are they just called the xcom squad because the xcom team were next up . 
   confuses sweden with denmark, 
   nothing else in the branch comes close . 
  i disagree . 
  for me the best thing about the honor tree is all the happiness i can get from it . 
  +1 for each garrison and +1 for each defensive structure can be extremely useful since that 's up to +5 happiness for each city . 
  they will probably be in the game but with another name . 
   you 're a fool if you try to fight them without flares/ir smoke now . 
  i 've been feeling that way about fighting anyone since they released the annihilator . 
  [ why not both ? 
  ] ( http://www.stowiki.org/plasma-disruptor_hybrid_beam_array ), 
  my ideas for aircrafts and aa would be this . 
  increase the speed of all esfs ( by about 50 % ) , decrease health ( by 33-50 % ) to compensate . 
  increase rof of all esf main weapons . 
  this should make esfs more like fighters and less like strange helicopters . 
  change the rockets into an all-purpouse weapon . 
  add bombs as the new anti-ground weapon . 
  change the mechanic of all aa missiles so that it 's easier for a skilled pilot to dodge them . 
  add a new aircraft that acts more like a helicopter and can fill the role of smaller transport and gunship . 
  like some sort of mix between blackhawk and mi-24 . 
  divide g2a weapons into two categories , long range and short range . 
  long range should be good against liberators and galaxies , short range vs esf and the new gunship . 
  add a 100mm flak cannon to the lightning as a long range aa gun . 
  burster max and skyguard would be the short range aa . 
  base turrets , has with g2a launchers and the new lightning flak cannon . 
  the basic idea would be that long range aa beats liberators and galaxies . 
  liberators beats short range aa . 
  short range aa beats esfs and gunships . 
  esfs beat libs and gunships . 
  gunships beat long range aa . 
  i agree completely but one thing they would also have to do then is buff the magrider somehow . 
  since stability has been one of its main advantages , all the other tanks getting gun stabilizers as well would completely negate that benefit and instead it would need another one . 
  ussr with stalin . 
  ua : no idea . 
  maybe some way to cause rebellions ? 
  1st uu : red army infantry . 
  replaces either gw infantry or normal infantry ( maybe both but then he 'd have 3 uus ) . 
  about 25 % cheaper , both in production and maintenance . 
  possibly about 20-25 % weaker but with a defense bonus to compensate . 
  uu : katyusha rocket launcher/stalin organ . 
  replaces artillery . 
  +1 movement and does n't have to setup to fire . 
  extended eras : new game speed option , slows science down to marathon ( or something ) but everything else is standard speed . 
  will let you do more stuff each era . 
  biggest con is that on harder dificulties the ais advantage will be even bigger as it will take you even longer to catch up to them and their starting technologies . 
   q : ( ooiue ) now that the precedence has been set of you guys adding factions , are there plans to put a playable dominion/cardassian faction sometime within the next year or two ? 
   dstahl : legacy of romulus definitely opens up the door to adding new factions in the future and ultimately puts sto one step closer to a living star trek galaxy . 
  ok , now i 'm excited . 
  playable cardassians would make me very very happy . 
   one of my toons is cardassian . 
  it 's a faaaaaaaaaaaaake !!!, 
  it 's obviously how the vox populi sympathizers donate money to the cause . 
  they throw it in the trash , then the people who handle the trash ( who are obviously black and/or irish ) will pick it up and later on use it to buy guns , ammo and a lot of red fabric . 
  for science , i 'd say the best tactic is to use a melee weapon and the medic kit . 
  go in and start bashing the biggest meanest borg while spamming healing abilites left and right . 
  i did that with the claymore . 
  i 'd use the melee as a reload cancel and as soon as i was at full shields , bam !, 
  i wish gas could build some sort of naval base . 
  an improvement that provides extra healing to ships inside and just next to it . 
  could only be build on a coast , would ( maybe ) extend your territory a little bit around it and unlike a citadel would n't need to be close to your own territory . 
  i still want my explorer and commando units i 've mentioned in other posts . 
  the former being an upgraded scout with something like +1 movement and sight radius , +2 embarked movement , some extra benefit from finding new civs and city states . 
  the latter being the upgrade of the explorer , some sort of stealth unit , invisible unless within x hexes of a unit , otherwise the owner of that unit would be able to see the commando . 
  very weak combat strength , able to pillage without movement cost but would reveal itself when doing so . 
  that way we 'd have a new midgame exploration unit , like a land caravel , used to explore those new continents , and a lategame scout unit made for observing the enemy and sabotaging their improvements , like taking out strategic resources during a war . 
  after i started playing on emperor , getting a great general is pretty much one of my main priorities in the beginning . 
  a well placed citadel can keep the foreign hordes at bay for a looong time . 
   and the current one will become the medium tank, 
  mbt in planetside actually stands for medium battle tank and not main battle tank so technically they 've always been the medium tanks . 
  edit : the [ planetside universe wiki ] ( http://wiki.planetside-universe.com/ps/medium_battle_tank ) lied to me . 
  edit 2 : and the [ planetside wiki ] ( http://planetside.wikia.com/wiki/vanu_sovereignty ) about vanu as well . 
  `` the magrider medium battle tank '', 
  and the [ page about nc ] ( http://planetside.wikia.com/wiki/new_conglomerate ), 
  `` the new conglomerate has two unique empire vehicles , the reaver attack fighter and the vanguard medium battle tank . '', 
  edit 3 : and on the [ ps1 website ] ( http://planetside.station.sony.com/ ) they 're called medium tanks . 
  * fortification, 
  * some grenade power . 
  like a big angry krogan soldier that comes out of nowhere and starts headbutting things . 
  * flamer, 
  * bloodlust, 
  flamer + cloak damage bonus = very dead enemies .
