  any enemy that steps on the mine will be teleported to the nearest unescapable hole . 
  the mine is not destroyed on activation . 
  if the victim commit suicide/redeploy , get 200 xp . 
  nah , we just need more `` pirate '' factions . 
  the possible combinations and their factions ( not 100 % sure about soe and guristas ), 
  * amarr/gallente : soe, 
  * amarr/minmatar : blood raiders, 
  * gallente/minmatar : serpentis, 
  * gallente/caldari : guristas, 
  * gallente/amarr : n/a, 
  * minmatar/gallente : angel cartel, 
  * caldari/gallente : n/a, 
  so basically , we could use a `` speedy missile spamming '' caldari/minmatar faction and a `` shieldtanky projectile '' minmatar/caldari faction . 
  i can imagine a group of vs engineers running up to an ams sunderer and spamming tele-mines around it . 
  anyone who spawns at the ams is teleported into a moshpit full of pain , death and humilitation . 
  yeah we do n't need all combinations but i do think we need more caldari and minmatar pirate ships . 
  the thukker tribe , mordu 's legion and the intaki syndicate could also be used as `` pirate '' factions . 
  edit : we forgot about ewar . 
  some different `` ewar '' bonuses ( web and neuts are already covered ) could be used to create new interesting ships . 
  imagine a pirate ship with a bonus to scram/disruptor range or something like that . 
  maybe a minmatar/amarr ship with a bonus to tracking disruptors . 
  i want to know exactly how visible am i when i 'm cloaked . 
  somtimes a whole squad can search for me in a room for several minutes without finding me , sometimes one guy will look around for a while , go `` there he is '' and kill me . 
  and it 's not the darklight , i would have noticed . 
  i used to do something like that on 2fort . 
  the exit was down in the intel room and then i placed the entrance right next to one of our useless strafing snipers on the battlements . 
  forgot about those . 
  i just remembered that the thukker tribe is n't a part of the republic . 
  though tbh , they could still be a `` pirate '' faction . 
  they could have their own `` thukker fleet '' ships that are equivalent to pirate faction ships . 
  same for the khanid as well . 
  they 're not a part of the amarr empire ( even if they design some t2 ships for them ) and they have a good relationship with the caldari so maybe they could have some caldari/amarr ships . 
  iirc they 're removing the spawn timer in the upcoming resource revamp and merging all the resources into one . 
  that way neither time nor cost should be much of an issue ( unless you crash all the time ) . 
  i would really enjoy some emotes and taunts/warcries . 
  maybe the ability to dramatically wave your arms at stuff while shouting `` morale boosting propaganda '' . 
  `` forward men !, 
  slay the rebel scum !, 
  for the empire ! '' . 
  another thing i would like is if a squad/platoon leader could somehow trigger a group warcry . 
  something like the [ russians ura warcry ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cheering ) ( check video ) . 
  might require a revamp of the default voices first though , or at least the nc female voice . 
   so you ca n't really go in a plop down a bunch of pirate faction stations . 
  maybe they could do something like this . 
  put the agents in space , like cosmos agents . 
  give them a beacon visible on the overview and stuff , put them in a ship or a structure . 
  put some sort of depot/store next to some ( or all ) of the agents . 
  these would provide some limited personal storage space to capsulers and act as the lp store . 
  possibly the storage space could depend on your standing . 
  this way you wo n't need stations . 
  just make some agent sites and sprinkle them around low/nullsec . 
  i never said they should put them in sov space . 
  you could put a thukker agent in amarr lowsec , a mordus agent in ore space etc etc. 
  they could be wherever their factions interests lies , regardless of which npc faction owns the system . 
  if the khanid want to fuck shit up for the minmatar they could have an agent in minmatar space that 's giving out `` fuck shit up for the minmatars '' missions . 
   i think it 's been mentioned earlier , but thukker and khanid are certainly not pirate factions, 
  i know that , but the new soe ships are in the `` pirate '' ships category and they 're a bunch of religious humanitarians with a love for exploration . 
  that 's why i 've been saying `` pirates '' and not pirates, 
  imo almost any non-empire faction could be used . 
  and when it comes to the thukker and khanid , i know they make t2 ships , but they 're still independent factions . 
  they could have a lot of stuff they 're keeping to themselves . 
  i have another kinda similar idea i 've posted in another thread . 
  basically , in order to not having to attach a power unit the size of a car battery to the railjack , it is plugged into the infiltrator suits power system . 
  when fired , the sudden power drain will disable the cloak for a few seconds ( 2-3 ? ) . 
  this would prevent the normal infiltrator tactic of cloaking , peeking out from cover , uncloaking , firing , recloaking , taking cover , rince and repeat . 
  i think there should be an automatic d-scan module or something . 
  it would make it a bit more balanced since it would take a slot and some cpu . 
  the modules cycle time could be longer than the delay . 
  the main purpose of this module would simply be to reduce button spamming , kinda like how can auto-cycle stuff . 
  do n't worry though . 
  the community will probably whine about it enough for soe to hit it with their giant nerf hammer like they tend to do with op stuff ( eg , striker ) . 
  one thing they could do ( if enough players complain ) is to give people like you `` camo vouchers '' . 
  a free camo of choice . 
  sc/cert refunds would be extremely unlikely but some free camos would n't really cost them much/anything . 
  i think he meant that the bundle contained camos for a total worth of 20000 sc but that the bundle itself only cost 2000 . 
  i can imagine some people using it as a sort of warning signal . 
  a sort of `` attention ! '', 
  word everyone in the group/corp/alliance must have highlighted . 
  example, 
   supercalifragilistic, 
   supercalifragilistic, 
   supercalifragilistic, 
   incoming hostiles, 
   dock the fuck up, 
  this would explain why the fuck everyone and their mother was using the mauler when i was fighting the nc half an hour ago . 
  there was an option to simply pick what you wanted . 
  i got the max gun from the quiz which i did n't want so i chose to view all the offers and picked the corvus instead . 
  how awesome the guns sounds . 
  no bullet drop is more useful than people think . 
  i can use my very expensive vs guns, 
  well back when i was in fatal ascension , docking up was mandatory . 
  i actually got into trouble for attacking some guys camping the f-con station in d2-hos once because for some reason they thought fa had sent reinforcements and undocked . 
  and ( unless i 'm blind ) they did n't really mention any changes to the retrofit . 
  the boff layout on that thing is even worse with its 3 engineering boff stations . 
  i think it could use a mobility buff . 
  better hillclimbing , grip , accelration , turning etc. 
  imo the flash , harasser , lightning and mbts could use some tweaking in terms of mobility vs durability/firepower . 
  i think it 's a new default unlock . 
  i was changing characters to try the new es snipers in the vr and recieved the equivalent shotguns for tr and nc . 
  i would really like a pistol that works like the phaseshift .
