  kinda like the bretonnian nobles . 
  but tbh , the real reason is that gw just did n't want them to use anything but hammers and axes . 
   grave guard could also take them . 
  i just checked and at least in the 8e army book there was no halberd option . 
  hmmm , i have n't actually played a dwarf campaign since the norsca update so i guess that could be my next campaign . 
  thanks . 
  halberd and many spear units have a much slower attack speed but for some stupid reason that is not displayed in game . 
  [ look at the attack speed column here ] ( https://oldworldwiki.com/the-empire ) ( seconds between attacks ), 
  as you can see halberdiers and spearmen without shields have a waaaaaaay slower attack speed than the other units . 
  [ the main exception are chaos warriors with halberds that have a somewhat decent attack speed of 4,2 ] ( https://oldworldwiki.com/warriors-of-chaos ) compared to the gw version with 4,1 ( if we ignore melee attack and other stats , chosen with halberds actually have lower dps ) . 
  this wiki has basically taught me to avoid a lot of spear and halberd units . 
  only ranged damage , which is displayed as damage over 10 seconds . 
  melee damage is apparently damage per hit . 
  afaik yes . 
  that 's why bonus vs x is also pretty useful for monstrous units that already deal very high damage . 
  for example kholek has 520 base damage and a +28 bonus vs large so the damage bonus is kinda pointless for him but the ma bonus is very nice . 
  tomb kings have archers iirc . 
  it 's the vampire counts undeads that are just really really stupid ( and they ca n't even use halberds ) . 
  we need garlic imbued equipment, 
  tbh i would love a special giant ( like a ror ) that actually has some decent equipment , like a proper weapon and some pieces of metal armor . 
  sort of like the chaos dwarfs siege giants but with a axe or mace . 
  yeah i had no idea that splash damage was distributed like that . 
  i sort of assumed the primary target would take full damage and any other unit in the aoe would just take some damage . 
  i guess i can see the point of duelist heroes now if they do n't have splash damage . 
  imo ca should at least give the great cannon and the dwarf cannon a bigger difference statwise . 
  for example great cannon could do more damage per shot but also have a lower rof and slightly less ammo . 
  basically the same dps and total damage amount but each salvo has a bit more oomph . 
  first of all , sorry for shit image quality . 
  during yesterdays halberd meming i was doing some research and found these two units in the storm of chaos book . 
  apparently the carsteins could field skeletons and zombies with light armor , shields , spears and halberds and the skeletons could be upgraded with crossbows . 
  i know this is old and the vc probably should n't get ranged units for balance reasons , but i think these could be kinda interesting as garrison units . 
  their total lack of ranged units is really annoying during siege defenses and some more anti large would n't hurt either when some monstrous stuff comes through the gate and all your skeleton spearmen have been `` upgraded '' to something else . 
  and tbh , zombies with halberds , shields and armor would be kinda hilarious . 
  imagine zombies with charge defense , +14 vs large , armor piercing , 40 ish armor and 30 % missile block chance . 
  even more annoying to kill than normal zombies and actually slightly threatening to large units . 
   as a chaos tt player mainly i will say only that soc is not cannon!xd, 
  it 's canon in our hearts . 
   and there are several mods that allow you to field archers in vc armies, 
  mods do n't really count though , and imo vc would probably be a bit too good with their zombie/skelly tarpits + ranged firepower . 
  but special militia and levy units only available as garrison troops would be interesting and make vc siege defense less frustrating . 
   the undead could also take things like skeleton chariots , catapults and archers back then . 
  vlad von carstein actually used these things in the vampire wars . 
  it 's one reason i like to use the mods to give vc their custom catapults and chariots in the campaign . 
  i think these units were transferred to the tomb kings when they got their own first army book in the 6th edition . 
  unfortunately the mediafire folder i 'm using for reading army books do n't go back to the 5th edition so i ca n't really check the stuff there . 
  but what about the doomseekers and goblin hewer ?!, 
  imo this could be a thing for mousillon with some men at arms and peasant bowmen since they 're kinda supposed to be a bretonnian settlement ruled by vampires . 
  for me it 's probably a tie between the arachnarok and the war mammoth . 
  it kinda depends on how much ap stuff the enemy has because the war mammoth has like 50 % more health but only 70 armor vs the arachnaroks 150 armor . 
  the arachnarok does also have 24 more melee attack and poison but the mammoth has +30 vs infantry and a much higher charge bonus so i guess it also depends on how much infantry vs large units the enemy have . 
  and while it does look like the mammoth has more damage on paper , the arachnarok has a faster attack speed ( 3s attack interval vs 3,8 ) so the mammoth does only 9 % more dps . 
  i love using their wolf rider archers as skarsnik because with the huge buff to melee attack and charge bonus they 're almost as good in melee as their normal counterparts but they can also skirmish around with their bows . 
  the mammoth does 400 armor piercing damage and 125 normal damage so i doubt it 's the armor that makes the arachnarok win in a 1v1 fight vs the mammoth , it 's probably the much higher melee attack and the poison . 
  and i do n't think a 1v1 fight is the best way to tell which unit is better . 
  i actually do feel kinda bad for the guy because he must have some form of mental illness and/or addiction . 
  i think he 's talking about the normal treemen , not the lords . 
  the steamtank is a lot of fun but its main weakness is that it totally relies on its extremely high armor ( you can get it to 194 with gelt !!! ), 
  to survive . 
  fairly low hp compared to monstrous units and pathetic melee defense means that it will die pretty fast vs something armor piercing . 
   also , this is on medium unit size . 
  i guess this means it will have 4 chariots on ultra unit size . 
  looks like it will be a really nasty skirmish unit with that range and damage that can also fuck up infantry in melee with a charge . 
  i 'm already dreading he ( surta elfk ? ), 
  tbh i think a group of men in corsets , panties and stockings would be pretty effective vs the alt righters who would want to get as far away as possible . 
   this guy should also be modded as the faction leader of tiranoc . 
  or mod in surta ek himself as the leader of tiranoc . 
  ** beyond your comprehension !, 
  yeah fom my experience the ai has actually gotten much better at recruitment , especially now that the empires smith building is a tier lower . 
  i 've faced quite a lot of greatswords , black orcs , grave guards and other high tier infantry units in my latest campaigns . 
  i even lost a battle against an empire army as norsca with a late game army . 
  ofc it was my fault not bringing enough armor piercing units but i was n't used to actually needing them that much , so when they brought a bunch of greatswords , 2-3 steam tanks , heavy cavalry and two luminarks i was just fucked . 
  it was actually even funnier in a later campaign when some empire faction apparently had ended up losing their normal recruitment buildings so they sent armies made up of nothing but heroes , steam tanks and luminarks at me . 
  imo they can be really powerful , the main problem is that they 're just completely unreliable . 
  when they work they can do a lot of damage but the loons have a tendency to just vanish . 
  when i was conquering one of the first settlements in one of my crooked moon campaigns i actually got like 80 kills with a single use of the spinning loons . 
  sure , it was like the perfect situation to use it with a ton of grouped of dwarfs on a flat surface , but still , that 's a lot of kills . 
  yeah it would probably be fairly easy to mod but i really wish ca could get a bit more creative when it comes to the skill trees for most characters . 
  i could be totally wrong but i just do n't think it would require that much effort for ca to come up with and implement a few changes to the different skill trees . 
   80 kills vs what ? 
  and on what difficulty ? 
  vs dwarf warriors and some miners and it was either on hard or very hard . 
   are you sure that 50 of the kills were n't just your goblins fighting or something ? 
  yeah , cause they had around 20 before i used the ability and a few seconds later they had over 100 . 
  iirc they actually had around 200 kills in the end from the battle . 
  somewhat unrelated but as a swede i really find some of the chaos characters names kinda hilarious . 
  basically stig knutson ( though it would be knutsson in sweden ) sounds like the name of some old swedish guy who works as an accountant or something . 
  dwellers below became a nuke in the last update . 
  the item you get from the forest dragon monster hunt as the norscans give you a weapon with dwellers below as a bound spell and it is without a doubt the most overpowered weapon in the game . 
  it will take out about 80 % of any infantry unit caught in the aoe . 
  found a video showing how powerful it is after the change . 
  even against heavily armored monstrous infantry like the fimir it just destroyed them . 
  i have n't heard of anyone named surtha but ek means oak in swedish and according to wikipedia there are almost ten thousand with that surname here in sweden . 
  many norscan names sound more like icelandic or old norse but those that sound too swedish kinda crack me up . 
  no matter what comes through that gate , you will stand your ground !, 
  sometimes i wonder if i 'm playing the same tw : w as the rest of this subreddit cause i have defensive siege battles all the fucking time . 
  like my current empire campaign is like 50 % defensive siege battles and my dwarf and greenskin campaigns ten to be like that as well . 
  sure , it might be because i usually wo n't or ca n't send an army to get rid of the besiegers but like 95 % of the time they will wait a few turns to build some towers and battering rams and then launch an attack . 
  they almost never wait long enough for my settlement to start starving . 
   a unique unit that can not be recruited . 
  do we know what this unit is and what stats it has ?
