  currently no, 
  but in [ this old forgotten thread ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/planetside/comments/1apgor/account_wide_unlock_faq ) higby said they were looking into account wide unlocks of empire specific weapons . 
  unfortunately i havent heard anything more about it . 
  but since they 've recently stated that they 're gon na look at their prices and stuff mmmmmmmmmaybe we 'll get account wide unlocks of es equivalent stuff in the future . 
  it might require some whining , complaining , raging and shit but that 's what we do best . 
   i do n't see why you 're complaining , you can just swap to whatever cont is on the dark side of the planet . 
   it 's highly unlikely that soe would invest time and effort into multi-cont camos and not make them an sc-only purchase . 
  well afaik they 're trying to be ( or appear to be ) less money-grubbing . 
  also , it should probably take like an hour to make . 
   look at tf2 and those paints that change colour dependent on team . 
  same deal . 
  buying desert camo to blend in better = / = making your top hat pink . 
   what benefit in terms of monetary gain will this bring soe ? 
  happier players, 
   why waste sc buying a camo when i get one for free ? 
  they could be really really fucking ugly . 
  well i just figured that it would reduce clutter if the camos were combined into something like `` nc standard camo '' and the game then equipped the appropriate camo for the continent you 're on . 
  camos should be purely cosmetic . 
  you should buy them to look good , not to win . 
  yes the advantage is small but it is an advantage and unlike weapons and certs it is only avaliable by spending money . 
  this goes against the whole `` not pay2win '' thing . 
  the main suggestion is the free camouflage, 
  the idea about them changing automatically is n't really important . 
  i would be perfectly fine with them being split up like / u/pinetreeroad930 suggested . 
  1 ) some better incentive to play as the underdog , like a character bound xp boost if you join a very underpopulated faction on a server . 
  2 ) account wide unlocks of empire specific equivalents , i.e. 
  buy lasher , get mcg and jackhammer . 
  90 % of the reason i play vs nowdays is that i 've bought vs weapons . 
  even if we had 10 % or 75 % of the population i would still play vs because those guns were fucking expensive . 
  3 ) some way for characters of an overpopulated faction to move to another server for free . 
  maybe combine it with 1 ) if they move to a server where their faction is the underdog . 
  4 ) if we 're able to change server/faction without being horribly punished for it , give the overpopulated faction some sort of penalty . 
   and the advantage they give is countered by the disadvantages i noted earlier . 
  well i disagree about that part . 
  and at least for me it 's more common that enemies do n't shoot me because they think i 'm friendly . 
  ehm ... the thread was always about free baisc camos . 
  the adaptable thing was a different thing . 
  this discussion we 're having with you on the other hand is about the adaptable part . 
  also , i already have several camos so i do n't need free ones , i just believe that it is a bit pay2win to have stuff like useful camos only avaliable for money . 
  weapons are avaliable for certs and do n't ( or at least should n't ) give people any advantage since they have different strengths and weaknesses . 
  if soe only sold stuff like the faction color abominations i would n't have a problem with it . 
  maybe we have a finite number of batteries but also a recharger . 
  imo shrapnel rounds would be better for nc since it 's like an air-burst shotgun . 
  am i the only one who think engineers should n't have the av mana turret at all even if it was nerfed to a reasonable level ? 
  there is a class for spamming rockets , the heavy assault . 
   and its stupid if they would be the only normal class which can do something against vehicles . 
  that 's like saying it 's stupid that only infiltrators can hack , that only medics can heal and that only las can fly . 
  maybe at grenades could be buffed and avaliable for more classes but missile launchers is an ha thing . 
  i know , i know . 
  though imo soe should have the right to simply remove stuff and refund the buyers . 
  i guess in terms of fixing the av mama turret , turning it into a dumbfire rocket with drop would be a start . 
  i really hope they 'll make a sequel/spiritual succesor someday . 
  pretty much the same game but with alot more content and some marketing ( none of my friends had even heard of it until it was too late ) . 
   it will never be implemented . 
  all hail the longershot . 
  well maybe next infiltrator update , in 2017 . 
   i think the problem is that at this point a new idea would take too long to implement and we 're locked in to the railgun idea due to soe 's schedule . 
  well it 's not like they ca n't delay it again . 
  imo a large aprt of the problem with the pre-nerf harasser was that mbts and lightnings were ( and still are ) too damn fragile . 
  for some reason tanks ca n't take much damage and often have to rely on retreating behind cover to hide and repair . 
  since harassers are a lot more mobile than tanks this tactic did n't work very well against them . 
  it was n't really op against anything else except maybe when the saron could ohk infantry , but that was a problem with the weapon , not the vehicle . 
  i still think a lot of balance problems with tanks could be fixed by increasing the health by a lot and adding a mobility kill mechanism . 
  maybe it could get some thicker frontal armor . 
  considering its design it should have much thicker front armor than any other vehicle . 
  zlatan blir `` sir ( zir ) ibrahimovi\u0107 : lord commander of the most excellent order of sports '' . 
  the sto main server is called holodeck so clearly the sto story is just a holonovel in the prime universe . 
  we 're all just a bunch of holodeck-characters doing stuff for broccolis amusement/addiction . 
   some kind of indirect fire system, 
  i have some ideas for some sort of rear line sunderer variant ( new vehicle , not a sundy cert ) that could be equipped with artillery . 
  i 've posted it before a few months ago but maybe i should make a thread about it . 
  imagine something the size of a sunderer , with less armor/health , one secondary weapon that has to deploy to use the main gun/equipment ( should be possible to mount other things than guns ) . 
  big , slow and fragile . 
  it should also have some sort of `` here i am '' mechanism that would tell everyone that a ( or several ) cert pi\u00f1ata is in that hex . 
  like every shell/rocket/grenade is worth x `` detection points '' ( dp ) and when you fire your weapon the hex you 're in and the hexes around it gain some dps . 
  once a hex reach a certain amount of dps a symbol will show up on the map . 
  the problem is stuff like the grunts not even trying to kill you . 
  you can sometimes jump down in front of them and they 'll just stare at you for several seconds . 
  you can rush into a squad and kick them to death . 
  they should n't be the main enemy but they should at least be a threat if ignored . 
  what 's the range and how effective would it be on the mun or minmus ? 
  iirc they specifically mentioned that sprinting visibility would be the same so it 's working just as intended . 
   hades feels pointless to me if you have lancer or at least annihilator . 
  yeah , i have neither so i tend to use it if i have to engage vehicles at range or if there are enough tanks around that it 's worth giving up my g2a capabilities . 
   exclusively from brs either under 15 or over 90 . 
  i mean , there is just about nobody inbetween who uses it against infantry and in terms of numbers it 's split about evenly between those two groups . 
  it 's strange . 
  my uneducated guess, 
  * newer low br players with bad aim might like it because it 's kinda easy to hit infantry with explosive weapons . 
  it 's probably not very effective but it does n't require much skill to do some damage . 
  * normal/average players do n't use it against infantry simply because 99 % of the time your lmg is better . 
  * highly skilled players might use it because they 're very good at aiming . 
  a direct hit is a ohk so as long as you do n't miss it 's probably pretty effective vs infantry . 
  the stock weapon on the flash really does suck though . 
  sure you can run people over with it , but you can do the same with a harasser , lightning , mbt or sunderer and they all start with their weapon slots filled . 
  imo they should give the flash something . 
  like how they gave the esfs the fuel tanks to fill the secondary weapon slot . 
  well the problem is that for some reason , everytime soe try to `` fix '' the g2a lock-on , they either turn it into, 
  * a ) patsy 's magic bullet : unless you have flares ready or you have an esf with some certed fuel tanks equipped it will hit you . 
  * b ) the `` thinks it has noclip on '' missile : will fly straight towards an intercept with the target , even if there 's a whole biolab in the way .
