  it also does n't help that the lightning sometimes seem to have the offroad capabilites of a freight container . 
  but then ofc , 2x lightnings  1x 2 man harasser , though it would cost more resources . 
  well they could change that this time around . 
  maybe it could have bonuses related to finding city states , natural wonders , ruins or something like that . 
  it should also have increased embarkment and movement speed and maybe a bit more line of sight . 
  the idea is that this should be the unit you send out to explore the ( brave ) new world after you 've discovered how to cross the deep ocean . 
  you might have found a continent with your caravel but now you want to explore more than just the coastal areas . 
  could you list the sources of all those procs please ? 
  i recognize some of them but it would still be nice to know . 
  use more at guns in combination with either a ramming t-34 or conscripts with at grenades . 
  also , the su-85 have looooooong range so you should be able to kite the panther with those as long as you have some unit spotting it . 
   shock troops have `` fire superiority '' tool tip for vetrancy 1 , instead of `` trip wire flares '', 
  nice . 
  now lets hope they give more units their own vet abilities . 
  this is what i remember as well . 
  i would say no . 
  even if it does n't have the same at capabilities as the pak , it does have some advantages . 
  * 1 : the 6 man crew will make it much harder to kill . 
  it 's much less likely to be lost to a random mortar shell and stuff like that than the pak . 
  it also makes it more resistant to snipers . 
  * 2 : the barrage ability . 
  this ability is extremely useful when defending against infantry . 
  a well placed barrage might not win the game but it sure as hell can win a fight . 
  * 3 : while this is a doctrine ability and the germans will probably get it as well , the camouflage ability can be very useful . 
  having a hidden zis somewhere , ready to shoot the german tanks in the sides , or suddenly fire a barrage at their infantry can be a nasty surprise for any attacker . 
  i figured a vulcan would be the perfect leader for section 31 because of their logic . 
  vulcans should be the last people to care wether or not something is immoral if it is the logical thing to do with the best outcome . 
  then you 'll love the [ upcoming pvp and crafting reputation systems ] ( http://sto.gamepedia.com/upcoming_content ) !, 
  i really hope we 'll get these weapons with other damage types and hopefully also advanced/elite fleet versions of them . 
   three will have the g43 's . 
  i thought the upgrade description said that only two would get the g43 , or maybe that 's just with panzer grens . 
   * take mana avs and lancers up into the mountains overlooking roads the enemy is likely to use . 
   * form a tight group of anti-air , sit on the periphery of a battle , and give those esfs a nasty shock . 
  perfectly valid tactics , but i think you 're tacky and i hate you . 
  i 'm not sure how useful it really is . 
  the greatest benefit imo is that the camo makes it much harder for the germans to preemptively take out my at guns with mortars and other long range weapons since they wo n't know where to aim . 
  at least as long as i move them around after each fight . 
  and i have no idea if it gives a damage bonus , i do n't remember the description . 
  they 're not completely identical . 
  the vs knife does less damage at range but it has less drop to compensate . 
  nope , he 's called svenske kocken ( the swedish chef ) here in sweden . 
  triage should just become some sort of default ability for medics and anyone who spent certs on it should get them back . 
  let 's just say the medic plugs his aoe heal into the vehicle power source . 
  it would n't really make any difference to the game except maybe that squads and stuff could be more mobile if they would get healed in their vehicles while moving to the next fight . 
  engineers should also get an `` ammo triage '' as a default thing . 
  they throw an ammo pack on the floor or something . 
  if i ever got a squad like that it would get killed by a random 120mm mortar shell within minutes . 
  game companies have a tendency to do that for some reason . 
  it becomes painfully obvious with games like multiplayer fpses when they try to show the gameplay and the guys who are playing do n't have a clue what they 're doing and all seem to have gone to the imperial stormtrooper marksmanship academy . 
   if they 're new models for existing shotguns though , yay, 
  apparently the stats are almost identical ( only the ammo count is different ) to some shotguns already in the game so hopefully it 's just new models . 
  seriously though , we do n't need new shotguns . 
  we barely even need new weapons . 
  new models , sound and some rebalancing of the current weapons should take priority . 
  exactly . 
  battle rifles , scout rifles , es ha weapons ( lasher etc ) , ha launchers , av mana turret and probably many other weapons really need to be looked at before more unbalanced weapons are added to the game . 
  i think the phantasm would make the most sense as a smaller troop transport , mostly because that 's what it was in ps1 . 
  the liberator is more like a vtol ac-130 gunship thingy . 
  i made a suggestion about a [ phantasm gunship ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/planetside/comments/1dcnud/idea_phantasm_gunship/ ) some time ago that would fit the role of short range gunship and troop transport , similar to a blackhawk or mi-24 hind . 
  air + transport + light/medium = phantasm, 
   i assume boffs use them as appropriate, 
  they kinda know how to use the repeater pistol and piercing rifle , but they tend to use the secondary fire a bit too often . 
  the charge blaster cannon thingy on the other hand should not be given to boffs , ever . 
  when i gave one to a boff he would start every fight by trying to fire a fully charger shot at an enemy . 
  problem was that by the time he was done charging the enemy would almost always already be dead and he would then just fire at nothing at all . 
  [ for the lazy ] ( http://sto.gamepedia.com/bortas_battle_cruiser ), 
  the full-auto scout rifles are pretty much just bad carbines , and since smgs were added to the game there 's pretty much no reason to use them . 
  while i 've never used the semi-auto scout rifles , the stats make them look like weaker versions of the scopeless semi-auto snipers . 
  just compare the [ hsr-1 ] ( http://planetside.wikia.com/wiki/scout_rifles#row-1 ) with the [ ksr-35 ] ( http://planetside.wikia.com/wiki/sniper_rifles#row-1 ) . 
  much lower damage in exchange for slightly faster reload , 2 more bullets , less recoil and better hip fire accuracy . 
  i have n't used the phoenix outside vr but since i ca n't remember getting killed by it the last month i 'll take your word for how bad it is . 
  and yes , fuck the striker . 
  fighting the tr pretty much means fighting on foot unless you 've mastered the skill of hiding behind rocks . 
  i do n't think aa lock-ons should be completely removed , just changed . 
  imagine if it was possible to actually evade missiles with some skilled maneuvers !, 
  i 've been using the nemesis a lot recently and the only time i really miss other than my target using flares is when i fire from a bad position and my missile flies into a tree or a cliff . 
  i 've seen esfs do spins and loops that should have turned the pilot into a puddle of goo in the cockpit only to still get hit by my missile . 
  it simply dos n't give a shit about you pilots fancy `` dodging '' skills . 
  not sure what should be done about the av lock-ons but i think i 'd prefer it if they became some sort of mid/long range dumbfire launchers . 
  the annihilator should just be removed completely and the owners should have their sc/certs refunded . 
  no ideas about what should be done about the striker though . 
  well hopefully succesful evasive maneuvers would require something more elaborate , that would take some skill and make the pilot unable to do much else . 
  ca n't really lolpod people if you 're busy doing a loop + barrel roll hybrid maneuver . 
  i guess av lockons are n't that bad , i just dislike lockons in general because it 's a really boring game mechanic ( at least for me ) , both for the user and the target . 
  though mostly the problem comes from the fact that a lot of people have them and can switch to ha as soon as the tanks start rolling/hovering in . 
  or anyone but the romulans , unless cryptic allows the adapted ships to use warbird consoles : <, 
  scout snipers ? 
  scout cars ? 
  i think medics are kinda supposed to me like the assault in battlefield . 
  assault rifles is pretty much the best weapon class in the game for general infantry combat . 
  the medic is also the only class that does n't have to rely on teammates , the consumable thingies or the slow hp regen to heal in a firefight making them much more able to keep on fighting . 
  just take cover , activate the heal , wait for the shield to regen , done . 
  you 're now at full health and full shield and ready to start killing again . 
  think of them as medium assaults with some healing and reviving abilites . 
  do n't forget the lipstick . 
  there is a kv-1 in the test campaign mission . 
  i guess it might be avaliable as a doctrinal unit , like a cheaper alternative to the is-2 . 
  imo , the kv-1 should be a default unit and the kv-8 ( and hopefully kv-2 ) should be a doctrinal upgrade , like the conscripts ppsh or germans g43 . 
  i pretty much just threw is-2s at the enemy in the end . 
  i think one of the reasons we won was because they were n't watching the bottom half of the map ( neither were we most of the time ) and after sacrificing a t-34 in a scouting mission i sent in a lone is-2 to take out his artillery that had been fucking me over half the game .
