  it 's pretty useful but now the surface is often covered in small 5x5 patches of wooden floors . 
   i was thinking along the lines of the filters in the armory , which would obviously lump all ifvs together iirc . 
  i was thinking the same thing . 
  i just meant that in the ifv thread i want both blufor and redfor ifvs so we could for example have a marder-1 + variants vs bmp-2 + variants discussion . 
  i think they 're using dfhack , one of the many popular utility programs . 
  i think that if there should be playable jem ` hadars they should be rebels from the gamma quadrant . 
  jhs trying to get free from their oppressors , the dominion and the founders . 
  lets say some groups of rebels ally with the cardassians since they both hate the dominion , have a `` somewhat '' militaristic culture and similar fashion sense . 
  maybe bashir eventually developed a cure for the jhs ketracel white dependency and that garak then somehow got his hands on it . 
  you get 5 danas per card but only 2 ondavas ( 3 as czech ), 
  this !, 
  it 's often much better to have 200-300 points left to be able to buy an appropriate counter to whatever your opponent is using than to have some extra ( and potentially useless ) units on the front line . 
  personally i often start with just the bare minimum i 'll need to take and hold a point early on . 
  something somewhat fast with enough power to counter an airborne or motorized rush . 
  if they get pushed to hard i 'll be able to quickly respond with some artillery , planes or helicopters while some heavier units are on their way . 
  starting with a recon helicopter is also pretty important . 
  you 'll want to know what your enemy is bringing as soon as possible so you 'll know what to buy yourself . 
  when i had this problem i temporarily deconstructed the well but i think that forbidding it should be enough . 
  or maybe lock the door if there is one . 
  i want a huge fucking nerf to rebel forces . 
  example of what i 'm talking about, 
  i was playing as egypt with the patch 15 beta and after conquering one of the regions to the west i was forced to move my forces elsewhere to deal with a hostile army . 
  the next turn i got a little rebellion that spawned like a general , 3 hoplites and some cavalry unit . 
  not that bad but the garrison was 100 % shit and did n't stand a chance . 
  3 turns later my main army was back to retake the city , only to encounter like 8 hoplites and a ton of cavalry units ( like tarantine cavalry ) , all with fairly decent experience . 
  less than 10 turns into the campaign and the rebels have a stronger army than me ... yay, 
  next example, 
  new carthage campaign with the patch 15 beta , i had just defeated syracusae but had left lilybaeum undefended . 
  because of the latin influence my public order there was kinda low and with the penalty from taking cities i suddenly had a nice little slave revolt on my hands . 
  a slave revolt full of carthaginian hoplites , syrian infantry etc etc with silver rank experience . 
  where the fuck do these fucking rebels get their training , equipment and experience ? 
  i swear rome was pulling a putin or something and that those rebel carthage holpites were actually triarii in disguise cause that was not a slave revolt . 
  imo normal rebel forces should only have access to their cultures `` standard units '' , ie , what you can recruit without any special buildings . 
  if they capture a town with some barracks or similar they should be able to get some better troops but nothing that good . 
  slaves should imo have their own units . 
  slave slinger , slave spearmen , slave fighters and slave mob or something like that . 
  shit equipment , attack , defense , armor , morale etc etc etc. 
  to make them a bit more of a threat they could be able to replenish losses anywhere and continue to spawn more units . 
  maybe they could use the raiding stance a lot so they 'll drain your economy if left alone . 
  maybe it should be possible for slave revolts to be that strong , but only if they 're left alone for some time and maybe capture a city . 
  lets say that they can spawn up to something like 3 stacks just by sitting around for a few years but that more armies will spawn if they win larger battles or take cities . 
  damn ... 
  now i know which weapon to get for my expose character . 
  i think japan/blue dragons is pretty good as motorized , especially after the recent changes . 
  first of all they have some pretty nice infantry units which is important for a motorized deck . 
  then there 's stuff like these, 
  15pt wheeled transport with a gmg !, 
  the closed arrow which is a better avenger and the short arrow is `` almost '' like a wheeled chaparral . 
  basically they have some nice ir-sam units . 
  two really nice wheeled recon vehicles with decent firepower . 
  one for 50pt with a autocannon , a gmg and very good optics and one for 35pt with a slightly better autocannon and good optics . 
  insanely useful for sneaking around , finding and destroying stuff . 
  the super sneaky ninja recon helicopter !, 
  good stealth and exceptional optics !, 
  an mbt with a gmg instead of the normal .50 cal mg !, 
  they 're also pretty awesome as mechanized . 
  japan has an ifv that 's basically a strf 9040 with an atgm and sk has a 10pt ifv with a gmg . 
  imo , `` energy weapons : surgical strikes '' should be a tactical beam ability and replace bo as the `` single target beam ability '' . 
  bo and the 4 `` target x subsystems '' abilities should then be turned into engineering abilities that work with all energy weapons and do n't have any shared cooldowns with any of the normal energy weapon powers . 
  some of the reasons behind this idea . 
  1 : engineering boffs could use some more offensive space abilities . 
  2 : imo all those abilities sound more like something an engineer would do . 
  3 : most of the ships with enough tactical slots to bring a txs ability without sacrificing something too important will probably be using dhcs + turrets . 
  4 : the shared cooldown with faw means that most beamboats wo n't use them either . 
  there are 5 types of flux stone , limestone , chalk , dolomite , calcite and marble . 
  the first 4 will ( afaik ) always be in the first few layers of rock ( if there is any ) while marble can be much much further down . 
  to check what kind of flux stones you have on your embark , check the stone settings tab ( z -  tab ) . 
  if you for example have chalk and marble on your embark , they will both be unrestricted ( green ) in the list of economic stones . 
  i probably would n't recommend going 100 % vanilla . 
  the newb/starter pack is nice for getting some graphic packs , disabling aquifers , enabling autosaves and some other minor changes . 
  maybe they 're telling you to play vanilla just so you 'll appreciate all the mods and utilities more when you start using them . 
  i had never used dwarf therapist before df2014 and now i almost ca n't play without it . 
  not really . 
  it 's still pretty easy to transport stuff between w-space and k-space . 
  i 've lived in a wormhole and pretty much all the stuff we used we simply bought in some tradehub with isk we earned from selling sleeper loot or abc ores . 
  this new region of space should be very similar to k-space except that it 's disconnected from the rest of eden except a few or maybe just a single wormhole/stargate . 
  getting around there would be somewhat easy with stargates , maps etc. 
  the connections between systems would remain the same each day , no need to probe everything all the time , just plot a course and hope the stargates are nice to you . 
  on the other hand , logistics between eden and this region would be really limited . 
  anything that ca n't be hauled in a frigate would have to be built there and just imagine moving large quantities of stuff with just a few hundred m3 of cargo . 
  the destination system ( s ) could be a highsec system ( a sort of forward operation base operated by the soe with the help of concord ) and the systems 1-3 jumps around it could be lowsec instead of 0.0 to prevent bubbles . 
  yes , but the besiegers will probably just roam around on the surface , kill some animals and eventually leave . 
  well the ideal number would be 10 , the question is how many traps you want and how much resources are you 're willing to spend on them . 
  this is why i love magma/woodlands + sand , you can just mass produce glass trap components for both fortress defense and trade ( a masterwork glass serrated disc is worth around 3000 ) at little to no cost . 
  i 'm really fond of pretty much all the cheap ( 50 points or less ) helicopters in the game . 
  both the nk and us gmg littlebirds are awesome and will do horrible things to infantry and light vehicles . 
  i 've found them extremely powerful as support for infantry in city fighting as long as you 're willing to lose them . 
  the french casiopee or whatever it 's called is now really awesome after they buffed the autocannons of helicopters . 
  iirc it has something like 60 % accuracy ( + high stabilizer ) , 3 ap , [ ke ] tag , high rof , 1,5 km range and costs just 30 points . 
  then there 's the huge amount of shitty atgm and/or rocket-pod helis that can be ** very ** effective if used in sufficient numbers, 
  try building most of your fort down in some large rock pillar in one of the cave layers . 
  this will pretty much force you to get creative with your limited space and all the hostile creatures down there can make things pretty interesting . 
  bonus points if you build everything down there , including your farms and trade depot . 
  iirc , those vikings were n't raiders but mercenaries working for the byzantine empire . 
  is it just me or did the music when the martian forces landed sound very similar to hell march from red alert 2 ? 
  if you 're digging out rooms just above the magma sea and do n't mind being a bit inefficient when it comes to your fort layout you can simply channel out the room from above . 
  basically , if the magma sea is on lvl -13 and you want a 11x11 magma forge room on lvl -12 you can channel out a 11x11 area from lvl -11 and not get any warm stone announcements or dig-canceling at all . 
  and as mentioned you an edit the announcement file as well to at least get rid of the constant pausing . 
  when you do , also remove it from stuff like dorfs giving birth . 
  afaik trees only cause incidents like that when you designate any tile above the `` base '' ( or whatever you should call it ) to be cut .
