  i think defenders should get wds points for xp and attackers wds points when capturing . 
  also , the attackers reward should be based on how hard the base was defended ( not sure how this should be calculated though ) so ghost capping is worthless . 
  something like that yeah , but a bit more `` manual '' to reward skill ( detonating 0,5 m from target ) while still being kinda forgiving . 
   hacking vehicles requires at least 4th level certing . 
   maybe the fifth level cert could let you hack vehicles with people in them at additional time penalty ( like you could ever pull this off though with the sound effect going on and the driver not noticing ) . 
  i have to disagree with this . 
  ps2 still needs to be somewhat balanced in terms of new vs old players . 
  soe seems to have forgotten about it but they used to talk about sidegrades and balance . 
  a high level cert should just be some % better than a lvl 1 cert , not unlock new abilities . 
  personally i 'd prefer an advanced hacking tool that would replace the sensor tool . 
  at least then it would have a drawback . 
   tr have the striker as esl which is just an annihilator 2.0, 
  and almost everyone agree that this is a bad thing . 
  es weapons should be different and interesting , not slightly better versions of something boring and generic . 
  they do n't have to be gamechanging , just not this similar to normal weapons . 
  though the shotgun idea was kinda bad , at least it would have made the rifle very different from other sniper rifles . 
  this on the other hand is just boring and most likely kinda op . 
  imo , defenders should get wds point for getting xp so even if they 'll lose they would earn some points . 
  attackers should still only get points for capturing a base , but the reward should be based on how hard it was defended ( like how many defenders there were + other factors ) and not how long the base has been held . 
  towers and facilities could get a wds point modifier , like x2 and x4 so they 're worth more points . 
  this way defenders would be motivated to fight an attacking zerg even if they 're gon na get steamrolled and ghost capping would be pointless . 
  it would also make counter attacks worth it since if a zerg just took a base there would be a zerg defending it . 
  this would probably result in a lot of zerg vs zerg but imo that 's not that bad . 
  well one solution would be that the passengers ca n't use any weapons because they need their hands to hold on or something, 
  another solution would be to limit the passengers to their main and secondary weapons . 
  imo rumble `` seats '' should become a default thing for mbts but in the form of some handles or something so the passengers simply jump on top and hang on . 
  simply as a faster alternative to walking . 
  maybe we could get a charge mechanism for some of our current normal weapons . 
  switch to semi-auto , hold m1 to charge , up to 2-3x damage , 3x ammo consumption and higher recoil or something like that . 
  would be kinda interesting if we could use some of our carbines and ars as crappy improvised sniper rifles . 
  your ideas have some merit as empire specific mbt weapons ( at least for anti-tank weapons ) but not as replacements for the current ones . 
  it 's kinda fun ( at least pre-harasser nerf ) to have a dual burster max in the rear . 
  me and some friends used to do that and it was hilarious when an esf tried to rocketpod us . 
  i agree about the handrail part but imo it should just be a default thing for mbts rather than a cert . 
  maybe there could be a utility cert ( improved [ desant ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tank_desant ) handles ? ), 
  that would allow the passengers to use their main and secondary weapons but with worse accuracy than when firing from the hip while running and jumping . 
  i had a suggestion for an open top sunderer in my [ old school stuff thread ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/planetside/comments/1wu45h/suggestion_more_old_school_style_content/ ) where you would trade the second gun , some health and the protection of your passengers in exchange for some extra speed and 10 passengers that can use their ( maybe only main and secondary ) weapons . 
  he should give it the zephyr/dalton/shredder as secondary weapons and give it something like a gatling dalton as a main weapon . 
  maybe also give the pilot some forward facing daltons to play around with . 
  ok , i decided to try it ( again ) and it still works perfectly . 
  why would soe.com prevent europeans from creating soe accounts ? 
   q : wo n't this encourage a `` 4th faction '' that switches to underpop faction ? 
   * a : hopefully . 
  unless ofc the player bought some empire specific weapons with sc . 
   considering anyone can just walk up to an equipment terminal and grab inf and shoot one off , i do n't think this is a big deal, 
  imo the fact that we can do this is a bigger deal . 
  i know , it 's just that i kinda dislike how easy it is to switch class . 
  for me stuff like this happens way too often, 
   oooh look , a tank : switch to ha with hades and blow it up, 
   and there are some esfs : equip nemesis and get some easy certs, 
   fuck , i got sniped : spawn as infiltrator and avenge myself, 
   and now i 'm wounded : switch to medic and heal myself, 
   shit , the ams-sundy is smoking : switch to engineer and repair it, 
   oooh look , a tank : etc etc, 
  rince and repeat, 
  except for the pro-90 and the bizon . 
  yeah it is a matter of opinion . 
  i just ca n't help but feel that it 's a bit like a game of rock-paper-scissor where infantry can just go `` oh , did i say scissor ? 
  i obviously meant paper . '', 
  and then beat the crap out of the rock . 
  i think it should simply be yes vs no ,, 
  so 3 yes and 1 no or 2 yes , 1 no and 1 who did n't vote would also work . 
  i hope they 'll change the default voices as well and give infiltrators and maxes special voices . 
  personally i just wish there was something like a limit on how often you can change class . 
  like if you switch to ha to take out a tank you 're stuck as ha for a few minutes . 
  if the ams sunderer is suddenly burning and you 're now unable to switch to engineer , too fucking bad . 
  some guy in a previous discussion about this suggested that maybe we should only be able to change class in the warpgate . 
  might be a bit too much but you would be able to change class whenever you like and it would make transports more useful . 
   i would also say ` no guns ' , if you get caught with your pants down and esf or lib should just eat you alive . 
  well it would be slower , less agile and much bigger than an esf , the gunner would be in the front and unable to it stuff behind you and the main guns should n't be very effective in general . 
  esfs could just stay behind it and it would be even easier to hit with the big guns on a liberator than an esf . 
  the guns should just be a sort of `` better than nothing '' anti-ground fire support . 
   the thing i dislike about 100 % invisible aircraft is that many people will just use them as battering rams due to how vulnerable most aircraft are to collisions . 
  that is a good point . 
  i guess the cloaking device could come with a weakness to collisions penalty because it will use a different type of metal for the cloak to work properly . 
  or something like that . 
  well carrying maxes is sort of the galaxys thing . 
  maybe a max transport utility cert + maxes not being able to use their weapons cause flying burster-maxes is one of the last thing this game needs . 
  iirc the galaxy is gon na get the ability to carry vehicles in the future and replace the ps1 lodestar . 
  but with the cloak it would pretty much be like a big flying expensive 2 man wraith-cloak-flash . 
  the current wds is just a public beta test so they can figure out how to make the real wds fun . 
  exactly !, 
  90 % of the reason i play vs nowdays is because that 's where i spent my money . 
  i do n't mind playing tr or nc but stuff like spawning a harasser and realizing i only have a crappy mg instead of my awesome snipercannon ( or the tr/nc equivalent ) makes me go back to my vs main pretty quickly, 
  imo it 's probably 50 % soes sledgehammer balancing and 50 % bug . 
  before the patch g2a missiles were op as fuck ( and i say this as a ha ) because they almost never missed . 
  the only reasons it ever missed were, 
  * a : flares ( 90 % ), 
  * b : target managing to ab the fuck away ( 0.1 < % ), 
  * c : target dying before the missile hit ( 9.9 % ), 
  soe is probably trying to achieve a balance between the old `` patsy 's magic bullet '' and the new moronic missile but they 're doing so with a sledgehammer so soon enough it will probably be like it was before the patch . 
  i would love a strafing hoverbike . 
  imagine putting a gun and a wraith cloak on it and then just drive around harassing stuff . 
  also i think nc should get the one with the tracks and tr the trike ( terran republic infantry kommando ^ ^ ( sic ) explorer ) . 
  or give tr a motorcycle with a sidecar instead of the rumble seat . 
  maybe a new ammo type, 
  heavy bolt, 
  + + damage, 
  -- velocity and accuracy, 
  now you can ohk with headshots but it 's even harder to pull off .
