  i pretty much only use the legion or the northstar nowadays . 
  legion because the gun shield can tank some damage while i 'm still shooting ( unlike the vortex shield , flame shield and sword block ) so the lack the normal shield is n't that bad and the northstar because most of the time i can stay the fuck away from danger and just put fully charged railgun shots into those nice juicy unshielded weak spots . 
  on a somewhat related note i also hope they give us our dashes back . 
  atm the extra dash upgrade is basically a must have ( imo ) unless you want to nuke stuff . 
   adjusted viper thrusters so that in addition to moving faster during flight core and northstar now moves faster during hover as well . 
  this is gon na be fun !, 
  i think so as well but unfortunately there does n't really seem to be any orcs using throwing weapons in the lore . 
  would have fitted them much more than bows . 
  i agree that the bows fit the goblins and kinda the normal orcs but i still do n't think gw should have given them to the savage orcs . 
  big pointy sticks that you throw at the enemy is just way simpler and more savage . 
  ohk with headshots , 2-3 hits if you hit the body , depending on the distance . 
   auto resolve for the elves damaged melee units consistently while leaving the ranged units usually undamaged . 
  perhaps a more realistic auto-resolve has been implemented ? 
  sounds like the current auto-resolve to me . 
  most of the time my casualties are shared among my melee units while the range units stay relatively unharmed . 
  unless i take a lot of casualties ofc . 
  i think it would be better as a secondary weapon . 
  like a sword or something . 
  just a bit more range and hitting stuff in an arc . 
  i actually kinda like the new northstar kit though it is a bit situational . 
  on some maps ( like homestead ) it 's pretty helpful for spotting sneaky pilots at long range . 
  this is one of the things i really really miss from titanfall 1 . 
  i mean , it can happen in t2 as shown in the video but back in t1 it happened all the time since you could have vortex shield and some nice projectile weapon and some form of rocket/missile ordnance ability . 
  i remember one 2v2 fight were all 4 of us had vortex shields and we ended up throwing this growing ball of death back and forth between each other until one of them got hit and instantly went from like 3 bars to doomed . 
  i wish the towers had two types of attacks . 
  one should basically be like the current tower fire but should suck against normal units and only be effective vs siege equipment , artillery and really large units . 
  the other should have a fairly high dps and a wide arc but fairly short range . 
  basically like a bunch of crossbowmen/handgunner/etc in the towers . 
  that way you cant sit back and wait too long but rushing the walls will hurt even more . 
  also , the damn gates should get some boiling oil attack or something similar so the battering ram have a purpose and it wont be so easy to jut rush and melee the gate . 
  i agree that a sword would be really nice ( as either a kit or a secondary weapon ) but no fucking dashing and stuff . 
  i just want a ohk melee with a bit longer range and a wide-ish arc so it will be easier to actually hit someone when jumping around . 
   well they 're sticking to 8th for the moment and we do n't know how much leeway they have from gw with the ip . 
  i know but i think that gw would agree that kislev and the other minor factions should be different from the empire even if the tt sources are a bit old . 
  i know but at least for me , a combination of some empire units with minor reskins and new voice lines + a few unique units would pretty much be enough for tilea , estalia and the border princes . 
  this is why i think we kinda need the regenerating shields back . 
  like remove one hp bar from the ronin ( and maybe the northstar ) and give it 1 hp bar worth of regenerating shields . 
  it would make hit-and-run tactics much better if you could get in , blast the enemy a bit and retreat with 1,5 hp bar left which after the shield has regenerated would put you back at 2,5 hp bars . 
  as long as you do enough damage to your enemy each time you should be able to just rince and repeat this tactic until victorious . 
  thanks for reminding me how much cooler it was back in t1 . 
  i still think this 3rd person view crap is one of the dumbest mistakes they did with t2 . 
  [ the dwarf technology that increased the rof for quarrellers and thunderers also reduce the rof for rangers . 
  ] ( http://whenc.totalwar.com/#/tech/tech_dwf_mil_3_3 ), 
  because gw decided to end the universe with the end times story and then sort of restart it with age of sigmar . 
  i would say they should also have the streltsi ( elite infantry with both halberds and handguns ) as a part of their bare minimum roster but otherwise i agree . 
  though the kossars should probably come in an axe and an archer variant rather than being one combined unit . 
   tilea, 
   estalia, 
  i found some source about their mercenary units ( other than the dow ) but i was n't sure if it was canon or some obscure fan thing . 
  but yeah , reskins + something unique should be enough for them . 
  i just dislike how they 're just empire-lite atm . 
  personally i 'm not really that interested in playing as them . 
  i just want them ( and the other minor factions ) to have their own units . 
  though one thing they could do is add the ability to recruit some kislev units if you conquer the area as the empire , sort of like the savage orc units for the greenskins . 
  the kislev units used to be a part of the empire roster in tt as allied forces so it should be halal . 
   i 've heard a lot about them being too powerful with a night gobbo lord with a maxed red tree . 
  they become pretty damn strong when they get +36 melee attack and a pretty high charge bonus , but you ca n't really balance units around the bonuses from some specific lord ( s ) . 
  actually my main problem with the skarsnik campaign is that you get goblin garrisons and without the bonuses from a lord you basically just have a ton of weak cowards with shitty stats and even worse , for some reason they do n't get any nasty skulkers in their garrisons ( good luck dealing with high armor enemies ) . 
  wurrzag can give all savage orc units +24 melee attack and a large charge bonus , including the savage orc arrer boyz . 
  sort of old and new . 
  i wish i could assign a lord as the governor of a region and he would then act as the general of the garrison and grant them his army bonuses . 
  it would certainly make the skarsnik campaign much easier if some of your shitty garrisons could get +36 ma and poison attacks . 
   small , fortified villages like this one - http://m.imgur.com/rut8aid, 
  if you could scale it up a bit that could work sort of like how i imagined it . 
   devotion ... 
  probably just a troll-move from respawn , saying that people will be devoted to it as those who 'll love it and as those who 'll hate it . 
  i think it 's called the devotion because you need to devote yourself ( holding down the trigger ) to reach its true potential . 
  i even want the kill screen from the pov of stuff like reapers and turrets to be in 1st person view with some hud/overlay . 
  i suspect minako might have had something to do with it . 
  i wish all mages fought like that in melee . 
  iirc , terror basically cause any nearby enemy unit with low enough leadership ( but high enough not to rout normally ) to run away for like 10 seconds but after that they become immune to terror for like a minute . 
  * phase shift, 
  * arc grenade, 
  * short range weapon ( currently the mastiff with faster reload and tactikill ), 
  * power cell, 
  i basically just run around like a moron , use phase shift when i come under fire and stun my victims with arc grenades before killing them . 
  this reminds me of a question i 've forgotten to ask . 
  with abilities and stuff that reduces some form of damage resistance , can the target end up with negative resistance and take even more damage than normal ? 
  or is it only useful if they have some form of resistance to begin with . 
  i was initially a bit disappointment when it was n't mentioned in the patch notes but now i decided to check the encyclopedia and at least the description has been fixed . 
  it said `` reload time reduction : -15 % for ranger units '' so rangers actually ended up having their ranged dps decreased by researching this tech . 
  personally i would rather just remove the flight core completely and replace it with pretty much anything else . 
  i 'd almost rather have the sword core minus the sword so we could use it as a gtfo ability . 
  if they decide to add the brute or whatever it was called ( the one with the quad-rockets ) in the campaign to multiplayer then maybe that thing could get a buffed version of the current flight core since at least spamming rockets would fit its theme . 
  maybe it could have 2-3 charges of missiles with a long-ish cool down so it can kinda spam missiles for a short while . 
  honestly it 's up to you if you think the price is worth it . 
  the vanilla roster is imo good enough but it 's better with the dlcs . 
  personally i 'm in love with the free company militia ( basically slightly shittier swordsmen with pistols ) and use them all the time in the grand campaign . 
  flagellants are pretty nice if you choose volkmar as your starting ll so you get the +30 % damage bonus . 
  volkmar himself is an interesting ll since he can unlock quite a few useful buffing and damage abilities so he 's almost like a mage that does n't use winds of magic . 
  the regiments of renown are also nice to have . 
  they 've saved my ass many times when i 've needed new troops fast and you can often get your hands in a ror unit before being able to recruit the normal version . 
  ca n't really comment much on the vampire units though since i do n't play them that much though i did find the mortis engine pretty neat with the damage aura . 
  also , the king and the warlord dlc gives you two new subfactions to play as which makes it totally worth the price . 
  maybe the waywatchers should get the snipe trait when in a forest so they can harass units without being seen . 
  maybe they should get the snipe trait when in a forest so they can harass the enemy without being seen . 
   longest range handheld weapons in the game at 32 inches, 
  except for the hochland long rifle at 36 inches which i hope we 'll eventually get a unit equipped with . 
  i really hope they change the underway type stances in the future so they 're limited to certain areas . 
  like the underway would be restricted to the mountains , the badlands , some adjacent territory ( so they can for example get from the grey mountains into wissenland but not further ) and then possibly some passages throughout the world .
