  * administration cost : -100 %, 
  * recruitment cost : -20 %, 
  * tax income : +40 %, 
  * unit upkeep : -25 %, 
  * recruitment slot bonus : +2 per province, 
   ** player penalties/bonuses : **, 
   * order : +6 per province, 
  * agent success rate : no change, 
  * agent critical success rate : -2 %, 
  * administration cost : no change, 
  * recruitment cost : no change, 
  * tax income : no change, 
  * unit upkeep : no change, 
  * recruitment slot bonus : no change, 
  personally i would be happy if they made medieval 3 and just expanded the map a lot more to the east . 
  mongols , china , india and other interesting areas + good old medieval europe . 
  it would also be pretty nice if your knowledge about the factions , geography and stuff depended on who you 're playing as . 
  ie , china wo n't know that much about the western areas and england wo n't know much about the eastern areas . 
  also , mongols as a playable faction and not a scripted force of doom . 
  i wish it had some more exploration related bonuses . 
  like maybe a huge bonus to catching those damn loot cans . 
  10 automatic tractorbeamthingies that just gets you all the loot . 
  i agree , but i still think it should have something special so it 's kinda worth using over a better/cheaper ship + a cheaper exploration ship . 
  how about something like this . 
  lets say the hovergenerators could take damage from the sides or from beneath ( kinda like the tracks of other tanks ) . 
  these would mostly handle strafing , turning , reversing and hovering . 
  damaging or taking out the hgs would thus reduce these . 
  the main engine in the rear would only take care of forward movement and if destroyed the magrider would only be able to move forward and strafe/reverse speed . 
  maybe it could have some sort of backup hg to prevent complete immobilization ( cause no turret ) . 
  this could give vs and advantage , but some sort of resistance to mobility kills would kinda fit the faction that 's supposed to be best at mobility . 
  afaik , it had more to do with the lead writers . 
  me3 : mac walters , neil pollner & chris hepler . 
  so basically the main plot of the triology kinda changed during production so any plot progressin in me2 was kinda destroyed because that plot did n't continue in me3 . 
  just because they all have 6 sides does n't mean they all have to go from 1 to 6 . 
  m2 : sherwood archers . 
  i once killed between 1000 and 1200 french crossbowmen with just one unit of these . 
  empire : hindu swordsmen or whatever they were called . 
  i loved having some proper melee units to throw into the mix and not just 50 shades of gunpowder . 
  these fuckers were the best thing ever as ikko ikki . 
  large units , cheap to recruit and would murder yari ashigarus . 
  once you got a few units of these things you had pretty much won the game . 
  with some naval support you could win `` even '' battles with 0 losses because the enemy would rout before killing anyone . 
  r2 : egyptian infantry . 
  why ? 
  they 're extremely cheap and can be recruited without a barrack . 
  get like 2 stacks of them , charge straight towards the enemy , blob through them and give them a nice big `` attacked in rear , flank , inside , outside , above and below '' morale penalty . 
  they also throw spears when charging which can have hilarious results vs stuff like generals when 1600 dudes throw one spear each . 
  sure you 'll take insane losses but who cares ? 
  just recruit new dudes and move on . 
  personally i think we should have some option to keep spears after the reforms . 
  historical accuracy is kinda supposed to go out the windows at the start of the campaign . 
  maybe we could have an option between arming our praetorians with spears or swords in the reform . 
  that 's what i tend to do . 
  i 'll play with my main characters like normal but if the mirror invasion daily pops up while i 'm playing i 'll switch over to an alt asap and run it as much as possible . 
  also , iirc the minimum level is 10 . 
  well obviously the guy holding him imprisoned has the key . 
  i 'm kinda hoping for an automated d-scan . 
  ( could be both ), 
  having to spam that button every 15 seconds while in wh space is the worst thing ever . 
  a deployable radar station that does it for me would be awesome . 
  there 's a lot of stuff i do n't * have * to do in eve , but not doing them can possibly end with a trip back to my homestation . 
  example `` there 's only one guy in local , i 'm not gon na bother warping to a celestial and d-scanning the gate first '' and suddenly i 'm in a bubble getting murdered by a recon . 
  personally i hope for either whfb or medieval 3 ( maybe both ) . 
  whfb just screams for a proper tw game . 
  the setting is late-medieval-pseudo-europe with magic , elves , evil kinky elves , dwarves , orcs , demons and satanist-vikings . 
  we got the empire ( hre ) , bretonnia ( france ) , albion ( england ) and kislev ( russia ) as the main human factions . 
  kinda similar to their real world counterparts but with more mages , gnomes and shit . 
  also , the empire worship conan the barbarian . 
  we could have 4 different demon factions , one for each god , with special units and bonuses . 
  * khorne likes blood , war death and the color red , really dislikes magic . 
  * slaanesh likes sex , drugs and demons with lots of boobs . 
  * tzeentch likes knowledge and change , very fond of magic . 
  * nurgle likes diseases and stagnation . 
  the only nice god in warhammer . 
  maybe a playable norsca faction ( vikings ) could choose a favorite god like romes families in r2 . 
  the orcs have different tribes so there could be a couple of different factions there as well . 
  we got high elves , wood elves and dark elves that are kinda similar but not really . 
  wood elves are robin hood and the dark elves are bdsm pirates . 
  the dwarves have several different clans so i guess that could work like r2s family system . 
  so yeah , plenty of factions for diversity . 
  a lot of lore to work with . 
  less realism to care about . 
  yeah , but personally i think an automated d-scan would n't really be handholding . 
  i mean , the important part is that you 're actively checking d-scan . 
  manually having to press a button does n't make it harder , just more annoying . 
  but if i did n't do it all the time i could be caught even by a bad scanner . 
  or have a crewmember do it for us . 
  could someone sticky this on the top ? 
  threads like these seem to be forgotten/buried and then people just make their own threads anyway . 
  my guess is that they 've decided to not release a new faw `` fix '' until they 've confirmed that everything is working as it should . 
  i mean , releaseing a patch without a faw fix is better than one with a broken faw `` fix '' . 
   or pay through your ingame money . 
  well there 's still a subscription cost , except someone else pays for it in exchange form ingame money . 
  also , it 's usually not something you do in your first few months unless you 're unemployed and have nothing else to do . 
  i 've heard that some people sell the location of towers in w-space to corps that specialize in pos-bashing . 
  ie , travel around i w-space , find a pos , check what kind of structures it got anchored , ships in space , how much defenses it has , what 's online or not , the corp that owns it ( members and alliance ) and if anyone is around . 
  from what i have heard you can get around 200-400 mil for the location of a good target . 
  what about interceptors ? 
  would the lower tank and dps be worth it for the increase in speed and agility ? 
  i figured that since there 's probably a lot more traveling than combat involved an inty could be better .
