  wormholes are awesome once you get a network of wh stations up and running . 
  personally i ca n't stand the short range of warp travel anymore . 
  that 's kinda why i 'm asking this question . 
  for me a homophobe is someone with an intense dislike for homosexuals while the wiki article for arachnophobia has this description . 
   people with arachnophobia tend to feel uneasy in any area they believe could harbor spiders or that has visible signs of their presence , such as webs . 
  if arachnophobics see a spider , they may not enter the general vicinity until they have overcome the panic attack that is often associated with their phobia . 
  ** some people scream , cry , experience trouble breathing , sweating or even heart palpitations ** when they come in contact with an area near spiders or their webs . 
  in some extreme cases , even a picture or a realistic drawing of a spider can also trigger intense fear . 
  well if you use wormhole travel you have apparently already built a wormhole station at the edge of your starting system . 
  yeah i remember in attila when you could get over a thousand kills with one unit of crossbows/ballistarii in these battles . 
  one properly placed barricade with some tanky infantry unit in front of it and some crossbow unit on top of it could take on like half a stack by themselves . 
  i did kinda enjoy it but that 's because this tactic made it somewhat possible to play as the romans in attila . 
  as penis-butt said , more or less yes , but i would say that for example [ david reimer ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/david_reimer ) could be considered an exception . 
  you can check the legendary lords global bonuses in the characters page . 
  my personal theory is that their brain might have ended up with some form of neutral/in-between gender state and this is their interpretation of the feelings of not having a normal hard-wired gender identity . 
  a weather station . 
   salvatore the man-sucker, 
  i would be interested in a comparison between quarrellers and quarrellers with great weapons in melee vs some orc units like goblins , orc boyz and black orcs . 
  they gw variant has better ap damage but has 10 less melee defense , 2 less total damage and loses the shield and it has a higher upkeep cost . 
  so i 'm kinda curious in which circumstances it would actually be better to have the gw variants over the normal quarrellers . 
  they 're referring to [ my post ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/stellaris/comments/4jsk9j/i_really_hope_no_one_ever_decides_to_enlighten/ ) about some very nasty mushrooms that were nicknamed mushroom isis . 
  personally i kinda want kislev just for the challenge of starting so close to the chaos invasion . 
  this would be way better than the current system but i would prefer another idea . 
  instead of just having a fixed number of core planets/systems , maybe we could have some form of `` management resource '' that determines how many planets we can directly control . 
  like some form of paperwork and logistics limitation . 
  the further away from the capital and other core planets a colony is and the higher population it has , the more management it will cost to directly control . 
  so several small planets in one system would require less management than several small planets in different systems or several larger planets in one system . 
  also , several planets in different systems that are somewhat close to each other would require less management than several planets in different systems spread in many different directions . 
  not really since the current system does n't take things like planet size/population and distance into account . 
  a shoddy little 8 tile moon in a system right next to your home system should not be as hard to manage as a fully populated 25 tile planet on the other side of the galaxy . 
  4 dps worth of macro turrets ( missiles are macros ) vs a 2 dps prow lance . 
  you 'll get a much more powerful broadside and all your weapons will get affected by macro upgrades . 
  or get a second slaughter class for more high speed dakka . 
  you usually want to get somewhat close when using macros anyway so the extra speed is worth the shorter range . 
  iirc gender dysphoria is still considered a mental illness in denmark so they 'll still cover surgeries and stuff like that . 
  well it 's sorta possible to cure gender dysphoria by transitioning but the person would still be transgender . 
  nah i was thinking just something to replace the core planet limit . 
  like instead of 3/5 core planets we would have `` 60/100 management used '' or something like that , depending on the planets population and distance . 
  not really since by curing the gender dysphoria the person would no longer be mentally ill . 
  it 's also kinda possible to suffer from gender dysphoria without being trans , like [ david reimer ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/david_reimer ) . 
  the broadside kannonz have 2 kannonz per battery but it only tells you the stats for one kannon . 
  this is true for pretty much every broadside battery , you basically have to look at the weapon and count how many guns it has . 
  so the broadside battery version does 96 damage per volley . 
  they 've actually said on the forums that they plan on updating the tooltip with shots per volley . 
  in my current empire campaign the greenskins apparently have 32 settlements and are sitting at the top of the strength rank list . 
  the dwarfs are still around but they 're mostly confined to the mountain chain south and west of the empire . 
  the batteries do 4 dps each ( 6 damage per gun every 9 seconds ) , so double that of one turret . 
  my guess would be that the troll cave was the only recruitment building they had . 
  well that sounds ... interesting . 
  stuff like that makes you wish that the dwarfs had some damn form of `` cavalry '' , like steam powered chariots . 
  i know i know . 
  it 's just that sometimes ( or well , quite often ) the ai likes to bring like 10 or more arrer boyz which is just a pain in the ass to deal with . 
  sure my quarrellers will defeat them eventually but it would be way faster if i had access to something like cavalry that did n't have quite the same tech requirement as the gyrocopters . 
  i 'm not blaming ca , just gw for not giving the dwarfs some form of fast ground unit . 
  how do you even invent steam powered helicopters before inventing some form of steam powered ground vehicle ? 
  well that 's going into the book . 
  yup . 
  trans women have been allowed to compete since 2004 and they also recently changed the rules to remove the requirement for genital reconstructive surgery . 
  iirc as long as they have been on hormones for over a year and their hormone levels are appropriate they can compete as women . 
  i also recall that trans men are allowed to compete as men as long as their testosterone levels are ok . 
  edit : [ i was sort of correct ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/sport/2016/jan/25/ioc-rules-transgender-athletes-can-take-part-in-olympics-without-surgery ), 
  are you playing your battles or auto resolving ? 
  cause with the walls you should be able to deal with most 20 stacks as long as you play the battle manually , especially as the dwarfs with their excellent ranged infantry . 
  the auto resolve bar sits on a throne of lies when it comes to siege defense battles . 
  the defense towers are just stupidly powerful and even if you get overwhelmed at the walls you can usually pull back to a few choke points and set up some nice unflankable defensive lines and let your quarrellers continue to bombard the enemies with bolts . 
  that could work but i was thinking more like a few variants to choose between when recruiting the agents like we have for the different mage types . 
   if you use the item approach , i do n't think you can link that to a visible weapon on the character 's model . 
  yeah that 's kinda why i was going for the recruitment method . 
  would probably be the simplest way to do it and all variants could use any special weapon you find . 
  i guess i could take a look at the modding tools and see how incomprehensible they are to me . 
  if it was n't for the broken auto resolve i would agree about the gameplay pov . 
  some i like are the very enthusiastic `` blood for the blooooooood gooooooooood ! '', 
  and skulls for the skuuuuullllllll throoooooooone ! '', 
  you sometimes . 
  get on the campaign map as chaos . 
  they sound so damn cheerful , 
   the ork upgrade `` sheeld-breaker shot '' has been reworked . 
  rather than its old effect , it now does : `` each zzap shot has a 50 % chance to bypass shields and holofields . '', 
  i guess this upgrade plus the slow upgrade would work pretty will together . 
  orcs are called urks in khazalid ( dwarfish ) so it 's probably that plus the accent . 
  well the emperors are elected so not all of them are princes . 
  i personally would n't mind stuff like non-tt units as long as they fit with the lore . 
  like maybe some goblins with looted dwarf crossbows or rifles , or how about some decently armored zombies . 
  or some expensive infantry variants of the outriders ( outwalkers ? ), 
  with the `` rapid fire '' rifles and grenade launchers . 
   that does n't really sound believable - goblins probably would n't be able to operate dwarf weaponry . 
  how hard can it be ? 
  the goblins are the tinkerers of the greenskins so they should be able to at least figure out how to use the weapons even if they ca n't replicate them . 
  and i kinda imagined them having lower rate of fire because of them being goblins rather than experienced dwarfs . 
  though i have realized that the crossbows might be a bad idea since they might require too much strength for a goblin , but the rifles would still fit . 
   also armored zombies does n't make sense ; zombies are corpses , most corpses are n't buried in suits of armor ... 
  i was thinking more like zombies still wearing the armor they wore when they died . 
   guns =  recoil - likely too strong for a gobbo to control, 
  i dunno if goblins really are that weak , and if they are then it could just be a part of the lower rate of fire i mentioned . 
  i still think that dwarf handguns would be a perfect weapon for a race of sneaky cowardly thieves that love looting stuff . 
   yeah i gathered that thats what you meant , but if you consider the proportion of dead peasants to dead soldiers in a given area of empire land , you 're a ) gon na have a lot less soldiers b ) gon na have very few soldiers who were buried with their armor , more likely it 'd be taken off and re-used, 
  maybe they could only be available from the raise dead menu . 
  imo it should n't be to hard to find some unburied corpses with armor just after a battle . 
  i am france !, 
  deployable defenses , like wooden stakes and explosives .
