  you get a free ship lvl 10 , 20 , 30 and 40 . 
  this should allow you to try out different playstyles . 
  once you reach lvl 40 you can also buy mirror universe ships on the exchange so then you can have escorts , cruisers and sci vessels for a small amount of ec . 
  if we had more proton weapons and proper proton damage consoles i could imagine using it on a dhc escort . 
  that way i could have a weapon capable of using beam overload but also capable of using rapid fire and scatter volley . 
  bo3 is one of my favorite powers , but it 's not that useful for beam arrays and if you 're using an escort you 're probably better off using dhcs . 
  imo , we eve players love `` newbros '' . 
  we all remember starting out with shit skills and a badly fitted t1 frigate and having no idea what we were doing . 
  making ( pathetic amounts of ) isk by mining or missioning in fucking frigates to eventually upgrade into a destroyer or cruiser or something . 
  a few years later , we can earn more in an hour than a newbro makes in his first month . 
  the cost of [ this lolfit ship ] ( http://eve.battleclinic.com/killboard/killmail.php?id=14381372 ) i lost would be a fortune to a new player . 
  i can earn 100 mil per hour running incursions ( if things go well ) and that should be enough for a decent pve battlecruiser or a few mining barges that a nublet can use to start earning some decent ( ish ) isk . 
  also , if we scared away every newbie by being assholes eve would probably have died years ago . 
  how did you get this footage of me fighting rhodok in mount and blade !? 
  you could get a proteus or astarte and run incursions or move to wh space and kill sleepers . 
  ratting/missioning/exploring in an ishtar could also work . 
  maybe a myrmidon then . 
  plenty of spare mids and highs for exploration stuff . 
   , but it 's pretty clear to me that a captain 's the most effective when using a ship corresponding with his class, 
  first of all , that 's not true at all . 
  all classes are ( imo ) equally effective at using all types of ships with the exception of tactical + carrier . 
  also , you 'll get a free ship every 10 levels up to lvl 40 and then you 'll also be able to buy mirror universe ships on the exchange which will allow you to try out escorts , cruisers and sci vessels . 
  i just made a macro that pressed f once ever x seconds and let it run over night . 
  well ( iirc ) fleet weapons cost less dil and have better stats than the dil store stuff . 
  so unless you really do n't want to grind and spend fleet credits i suggest you get the fleet versions . 
  it could be nice to have some help when grabbing the loot from the can-barfers . 
  yeah , but finding sites should be faster so maybe it would even out . 
   also , you 'll now get lp for making the strike . 
  how much lp ? 
  like , will orbital bombardier become a new profitable career ? 
  sure you could n't really do large exploration ops or something like that but if you had an exploration corp it would probably be easier to organize a 2-3 man group that you can kinda trust . 
  you could end up with a lot of small groups that can spread out but still communicate and work together ( warning about gate camps , looting your wrecks after a ghost site blew you up or maybe just share different sites since some groups might be doing different types of exploration ), 
  join jc corp , go to stations you want jcs in , create jcs , leave corp. 
  when you jump to a jc , your current clone becomes a jc . 
  as an example , lets say you have a jc in amarr and you 're currently in jita . 
  you pause your skilltraining etc and jump to your amarr jc . 
  the amarr jc is now your standard clone and your old clone in jita is now a jc that you can jump back into after 24 hours . 
  jcs are mainly used for storing implants ( no point in bringing 500 mil of implants to a frig roam ) and instant travel . 
   or i guess the op 's corp has a high enough standing with the owners of those stations ? 
  iirc , the corps standing with the npc factions is determined by the members standing . 
  the thing is that it takes 3 days before a new member will affect the corps standing . 
  so by having a few permanent members with high standing and making sure that no one else is in the corp for more than 3 days the corp is able to constantly have good standing with a lot of different factions . 
   what if you stupidly lose the clones you 've created ? 
  well that 's kinda hard to do . 
  afaik , the only way to lose a jc ( except maybe because of rorquals ) is if you 're in a station that already has a jc and then jump to a jc in another station . 
  when your current clone becomes a jc the old one is apparently destroyed . 
  ofc this could have been fixed by now . 
  imagine if they gave npc factions the ability to attack or even conquer 0.0 systems . 
  npcs doing roams , hotdrops , gatecamps with bubbles and attacking player stsructures . 
  sure they would n't be as good as players but they would n't sleep , care about isk or anything like that . 
  just a constant onslaught of red crosses coming towards you . 
   i do n't see how else it could work . 
  by allowing us to have several jcs in the same station ? 
  well its not really an ifv . 
  afaik , ifvs are heavily armed and armored troop transports , capable of transporting infantry squads into combat and then provide fire support . 
  the terminator on the other hand is an anti-personell tank that 's mainly supposed to support mbts in urban combat . 
  no transport capabilites , just a lot of firepower , especially vs softer targets . 
  more room for ammo for the main guns ? 
  when the elachi boxes came out i got 2 s ` glothlosojkagfka escorts from just 20 boxes and i 'm pretty sure i got them from the first 10 boxes . 
  i think the kdf should try to out-pewpew the feds and rommies by getting something like a 6/2 ship , or 7/1 , or 8/0 ( biggest fighter ever ) or maybe go completely nuts and make a 5/5 ship , a dreadnought battleship that 's even fatter than a carrier . 
  yeah . 
  just stop focusing on buying plex with isk for now and instead use your isk for fun . 
  eve is so much more enjoyable when how much isk you need is determined by how much isk you spend on `` fun '' rather than a fixed minimum amount each month + some extra for `` fun '' . 
  it could have a special `` ability '' . 
  you have a bonus to weapon , shield and engine power , but you can only have two of them online at the same time . 
  the engines use so much power you need to completely shut down your shields or weapons to move at all . 
   edit : we could do this since 2011 ??? 
  yup, 
  my favorite use for it is when i 'm selling old stuff to make some extra isk . 
   metagroup : faction, 
   oh look , my old forgotten soe probe launcher . 
  a couple of jumps later i 'm 50 mil richer . 
  it 's also handy for spring cleaning since it makes it so much easier to identify all the useless crap you 've scattered around eve . 
  for example , at some point i realized i had a lot of t1 industrials ( i think it was something like 20 iteron iiis and 10-15 other industrials ) , frigates and shuttles scattered all over the galaxy . 
  the ability to search for groups and categories made it much easier to find and trash them than going through my asset list or searching with item names . 
   i feel that with so many monster types per planet , it seems the diversity of the random generator will get washed out as it all becomes a blurry mess of various brightly colored pokemon-looking thingies that do n't differ much from the next planet 's blurry mess of brightly colored pokemon-looking thingies . 
  it would be nice if each planet had a sort of `` theme '' for the monsters . 
  like a smaller color palet ( maybe determined by the planets colors ) , amount of limbs etc etc. 
  that way most of the creatures on a planet would look somewhat similar to each other . 
  like how mammals here on earth tend to be brown and have 4 limbs . 
  so on a pink/purple desert planet you might encounter pink/purple acid-spitting tripods , small pink/purple flying acid-pooping tripods and huge pink/purple/green horned tripods that creates an acid cloud when they die . 
  mixed weapons and tank . 
  whatever the purpose of this fit is , it 's a shitty fit . 
  imo , this is just another example of a player with too much isk . 
  well obviously , but the vaccine circlejerk is ( imo ) getting kinda out of hand . 
  thread after thread after thread like `` dae think jenny mccarthy is stupid ? '', 
  and then 1000 comments about how vaccines are good . 
  or maybe its just that since i 'm avoiding the bigger circlejerks this one has become my new annoyance . 
  afaik , they did n't change the difficulty , they just changed the way the threat level works . 
  all lvl 1-10 planets were grouped together into lvl 1 planets , all lvl 11-20 into lvl 2 etc etc. 
  less numbers is usually a good thing as long as there are no major ( negative ) changes in game mechanics . 
  i kinda agree with you on this . 
  there should be a somewhat reliable way to tell if a creature is agressive or not by observing it but i also think there should be exceptions . 
  maybe it should be based around % instead of points . 
  each part would have a different % and then the creature generator uses that % to determine if the creature will be hostile or not . 
  something like this, 
  100 * ( modifier 1 * modifier 2 * ... * modifier n ) = hostility, 
  modifiers = bodyparts . 
  goes from 1.0 to 0 . lower value = less scary/dangerous . 
  hostility = the % chance of the creature being hostile .
