  the horsemen need to be micromanaged so they actually get something done without getting caught and murdered . 
  sometimes skirmish mode is enough but that can also result in them ending up on the opposite side of the map . 
  the warhounds need to be micromanaged to make sure they 're attacking the correct squishy target and not getting brutally killed by something that can actually fight . 
  the chariot also needs to be micromanaged but i do n't even bother with that anymore . 
  i would gladly replace all of those with marauder hunters with javelins because it would reduce the micro and give me something that can deal with large stuff . 
  while the goblin hewer is pretty hilarious afaik it was basically a unique machine only used by the slayer army in storm of chaos . 
  i also think that a ranged war machine does n't really fit the slayers since they 're all about a glorious death in battle . 
  i also do n't really see how the doomseekers would work in tw : w. they 're basically just spinning around like goblin fanatics but with two axes on chains instead of a giant ball . 
  one slayer unit from storm of chaos i think they could add instead are the pirate slayers as a ror . 
  slayers with lots and lots of pistols would be kinda hilarious . 
  oh yeah , the missing wizards and battle wizard lords should also be added . 
  though iirc ca have mentioned they do n't really want to give the empire the lore of death so that factions like vc and chaos can have that lore as their own thing . 
  apparently dreadfleet did n't contain any ships for lizardmen , orcs and goblins , ogre kingdoms , warriors of chaos , beastmen , wood elves , daemons , and dark elves . 
  and the dark elves are the naval faction in the lore . 
  man o war would imo be better than dreafleet if ca decide to add ships to tw : w. 
  i 've been wondering if they could n't add some form of minigame for naval battles so we at least can have some influence on the outcome instead of just autoresolving . 
  might be a bit silly but just something like a simple turn based minigame with the man o war ships would be way better than nothing . 
  i can agree that they are weak but imo it kinda fits the norscans for some reason . 
  they 're the ones attacking settlements , not the other way around . 
  i would like them to have some form of special siege maps though like the wood elves so you at least get a good defensive position and not an open field battle . 
   ca continuing the tradition of making unit champions their own units, 
  this is one thing i really like that they 're doing . 
  one unit like this i hope they add are marksmen for the empire . 
  they could have repeater rifles but most importantly hochland long rifles in tt , the latter would have around 200 range in tw : w if my math is correct . 
  a smaller unit of long range elite handgunners would imo be pretty nice to use . 
  state archers would n't be very different from crossbowmen so personally i do n't see much of a point in adding them . 
  handgunners/marksmen with repeater rifles could be an option but imo they risk end up being a way better version of the normal handgunners or an unmounted version of the outriders . 
  yeah the long rifle unit would either require a much smaller unit size and/or much lower rof ( iirc they had lower rof in tt ) . 
  and if you add a repeater rifle variant with a smaller unit size it would basically be like outriders on foot . 
  i would honestly be happy if ca added them ( as long as i get the long rifle variant as well ) but they 're not a priority for me . 
  though it would be nice to have repeater rifle infantry when defending the walls since outriders can get up there . 
  i 'm not sure if there really are any missing forest goblin stuff except some mount options . 
  unless i 've completely missed something . 
  it would be nice if ca could get permission to create some forest goblin infantry ( basically just reskinned units ) just for forest goblin factions . 
  black orcs with shields would also be nice but not really a priority for me . 
   savage orc with spears, 
  i have been thinking about orcs and savage orcs with spears but my main issue is that spears are mostly ( at least in tw : w ) a defensive weapon and for me that 's not very orcy . 
  what do want is savage orcs with the big stabba ( how the fuck could i forget mentioning it in the first list ) , basically just two orcs carrying a massive spear/pointy log . 
  could be a fun unit with a high charge bonus and a really high anti-large bonus but otherwise kinda shitty stats . 
  i googled a bit and found a few more . 
  i really really want a sort of prequel spinoff manga when mia is competed . 
  ozen is best girls and i also want to know more about lyza . 
   `` it shall be unlawful for a long-term care facility or facility staff to ... willfully and repeatedly fail to use a resident 's preferred name or pronouns after being clearly informed of the preferred name or pronouns . '', 
  does n't sound that outrageous to me , though jail time is a bit overkill . 
   `` it shall be unlawful for a long-term care facility or facility staff to ... willfully and repeatedly fail to use a resident 's preferred name or pronouns after being clearly informed of the preferred name or pronouns . '', 
  does n't sound that outrageous to me , though jail time is a bit overkill . 
  yeah marius would make a good empire ll that comes together with some missing empire units/characters . 
  since he 's also stark raving mad he could have some pretty interesting battle and campaign mechanics . 
  as long as he does n't start in altdorf i would really like helborg . 
  he and the grand masters could have some cavalry focused red lines in their skill trees and offer some more cavalry shenanigans . 
  it was a bit too easy once i managed to unify norsca . 
  both bretonnia and the empire got their asses kicked by the wood elves who again seems to have become incredibly aggressive . 
  without the wes and the beastmen fucking up my enemies it would probably have been much harder . 
  though in one campaign the empire actually got really powerful and sent armies with steam tanks and demigryph knights against me . 
  yeah some reskins and new voices would go a long way . 
  another thing they could sort of do for teb is give them limited access to other factions units as mercenaries while at the same time removing some units that are too associated with the empire . 
  tilea is known for using a lot of mercenaries and iirc the border princes are supposed to be a strange mix of not only people from the empire but also bretonnians , tileans , estalians and even some dwarfs . 
  ** who calls ?!?!? 
  ** the empire calls !, 
  i 'm not sure what stats he personally would have but since he 's the grand master of the reiksguard i imagine that he would provide some decent bonuses for the reiksguard ( either as a personal army bonus or as his ll faction bonus ) . 
  then together with the generic grand master lord he could have much better cavalry bonuses than the other lords but possibly at the cost of some infantry buff skills . 
   incidentally , right now i just turn off fire at will and turn on melee , is there a way to get them to fire at will while interpreting any of my manual commands as charge commands ? 
  yeah , just leave fire at will on and then press the melee button ( two crossed swords iirc ) and they will engage in melee when you tell them to attack something . 
  that 's sort of what happened in my main norsca campaign . 
  most of bretonnia was defeated by the we while i dealt with the northern parts and the empire was fighting both the vc and vc2 . 
  when i finally went south again to finish the campaign ( after dealing with the chaos challenger stuff and archaon ) i found that the empire only had one settlement left because of its war with the vampires and the wood elves . 
  i 'm pretty sure the beastmen factions also played some part in all this since they 've become much more dangerous lately . 
  that works too but when it comes to chariots i prefer to use the button . 
  i wonder how many people would buy sourdough bread made with the vaginal yeast from certain celebrities . 
  though since getting the yeast might be a bit troublesome , maybe yeast from popular porn stars would be better . 
  ask them about their plans for future old world/tw : w1 content . 
  while i 'm hyped for tw : w2 , i 'm an empire fan at heart and want more content for them , like subfactions/lls ( boris todbringer ? 
  the mad cunt ( sic ) of averland ? , units and characters . 
  i created a magma-mist incinerator to get rid off with goblin prisoners and their clothes . 
  it was basically a small platform surrounded by magma that i could drop the prisoners onto and then i would dump rocks into the magma from a room a few layers up and the magma mist would then completely annihilate the goblins and all flammable items they had while leaving their metal equipment behind . 
  another somewhat horrible thing i 've done is using a trapped necromancer to create a small piece of zombie skin ( or hair ) that i used to train both my militia and civilians in combat . 
  basically , some body parts were basically invulnerable in combat if they became zombies because there was nothing to hit . 
  at the same time the zombie part itself could n't really do any damage . 
  so i would lock lets say 30 dwarfs in a room with the piece of zombie skin and let them fight it until they became legendary fighters . 
  later on one of my unarmed civilians actually managed to kill a giant cave spider all by himself by punching it in the head . 
  well they 're like one of the best anti-large units in the game imo , especially after you get both the technology and lord skill that increase their damage and rof . 
  also , there 's a banner that increase their rof even more resulting in each javelin guy basically having the same dps as a dwarf bolt thrower . 
  edit : [ here are some pictures showing the banner and the damage stats ] ( http://imgur.com/a/o7psg ), 
  i 'm talking about the basic norsca hunters with javelins . 
  with the lord skills , the technology and some unit experience you can get their damage to around 70 ( remember that the damage stat for ranged unit is damage per 10 seconds ) and combined with a certain norsca banner that i ca n't remember the name of you can get their reload time to around 3-2 ,5 seconds which gives them a damage of around 140 which is higher than the base damage of bolt throwers ( 134 ) . 
  i 'll load that save once i 'm done with this battle and take a screenshot . 
  there you go , the banner , the missile stats of the unit with the banner and then the stats of a unit without the banner but with the same experience level . 
  i kinda wish they had a normal human melee hero that also had some skill choices related to the 4 chaos gods , like the generic norca lord . 
  i tend to simply make a turn 1 and then a turn 5 save that i can use whenever i want to restart the campaign . 
  iirc i used burrows to make them leave and there were plenty of cage traps in the exist so even if a few dwarfs kept on fighting , the zombie skin would eventually end up getting trapped . 
  they also seem to replenish after razing a settlement . 
  yeah something like a fight vs all the leaders of the good factions ( and some of the not so good factions ) backed up by a nice mix of different units would be a really nice quest battle . 
  ironbreakers and greatswords holding the line , cannons , rocket launchers and magic trebuchets pummeling your forces while bretonnian cavalry tries to attack your flanks . 
  and then grimgor and manfred can show up as enemy reinforcements with some elite units . 
  imo the best thing about industry is that you do n't have to care as much about the peasant limit . 
  me whenever i need an expendable army to reinforce a besieged settlement . 
  an ll or expendable lord with 19 units of filthy peasants can be pretty useful for driving of an enemy army as long as the settlement itself has a decent garrison . 
  ofc you occasionally need a few peasants for absorbing arrows and unchivalrous things like ranged combat . 
  and oh yeah , if i start as the fay enchantress i actually like using quite a lot of battle pilgrims . 
  maybe , but i want it to be ~ ~ mostly ~ ~ a bit random so you ca n't really earn a specific trait on purpose too easily .
