  all your infantry are in helicopters and you lack something with decent availability . 
  i would replace the paratroopers and/or the assault pioneers with some regular infantry in either a fast transport like the bison or grizzly or in a decent ifv like the uk warrior or canadian th-something . 
  maybe get the canadian engineers in a th - ## instead of the assault pioneers . 
  * support, 
  personally i would probably replace the tracked rapier or the marksman with an adat . 
  though tbh that 's probably because i love the adat and stormer hvm a little bit too much . 
  i would on the other hand recommend you to get a bison 81mm mortar in the 5th slot somehow . 
  for some reason it ( and the uk fv-4 ## ) creates a lot more smoke than other mortars which makes it insanely effective for assaults . 
  ( would recommend a canada/commonwealth motorized deck based around infantry assaults through smoke ) . 
  * tanks, 
  replace the chieftain with the ... uhm ... 15 point tank with 9 front armor . 
  * recon, 
  i would put one of the recon infantry in a ground transport . 
  helicopters can be risky since they 're not very stealthy and take forever to land . 
  * vehicles, 
  looks decent . 
  maybe skip the iltis to get the points to get a fob or mortar . 
  looks decent as well . 
  not really that many choices as the cw . 
  * planes, 
  also fairly decent . 
  mmmmaybe you could skip the mb-339 or f-111c to get enough points to get both a fob and the bison mortar and keep the iltis tow . 
   i agree , i hope they cut out some of the harem nonsense that happens , its pretty boring and pointless, 
  different tastes i guess because all the `` harem nonsense '' is one of my favorite parts of kos . 
  edit : downvoted several days later for liking the sol parts of a manga . 
  nice . 
  why did they have to make anime izana so extra adorable ? 
  [ manga spoiler ] ( / s `` also , why does she still have all her limbs ? '' ), 
   ps if you guys have any more unanswered questions we 've never answered , hit me up . 
  any progress/info about account-wide unlocks of equivalent empire-specific weapons like higby talked about in this thread ? 
  same here . 
  like 90 % of the weapons i bought are vs. 
  this makes it kinda annoying to play tr or nc because of stuff like only having an mg on the harasser instead of the equivalent of the saron or spawing an esf without lolpods . 
  probably not . 
  they 're most likely in the vehicle tab in the armory to make it easier to check and compare transports without their passengers being in the way ( like when pinning a unit to compare stats ) . 
  the idea is that it combines the best qualities of helicopter and infantry cvs . 
  they move fast and they can actually hide . 
  but if you 're not interested in that then they can stay in a ground vehicle . 
  if you 're playing as cw motorized you need to bring at least one card of the bison 81mm mortar . 
  that thing creates so much smoke you can just do full frontal assaults with infantry . 
   even other types of transport units are not provided in the armory in a similar manner . 
  yeah they are . 
  even the 5pt trucks are included in the vehicle category if you filter for `` transports : armored personnel carriers '', 
   i did n't see a bunch of transport helos under the helicopters category, 
  look harder . 
  there 's even a `` helicopters : transports '' option in the helicopter category . 
   east german mech, 
  replace one supply truck with a supply helicopter . 
  personally i would put the mot scutzen in the 15 point bmp-2 . 
  maybe keep one of them in something with an atgm . 
  replace one spaag with some sort of artillery . 
  maybe skip one t-55 and bring more recon instead . 
   red dragon, 
  you should n't need 2 cv vehicles ever so remove one or maybe replace it with command infantry . 
  imo you should always fill all your infantry slots . 
  maybe get some li jiang 90 in an ifv to murder infantry . 
  replace the howitzer with some of nks long range howitzers . 
  remove at least two cards of tanks . 
  bring a recon helicopter ( recon heli is imo mandatory ) . 
  china has some super-long range atgm vehicles ( 2,9-3km range ) , get one of them . 
   soviet, 
  your infantry need more availability . 
  put the motostrelki in something cheaper ( bmp-1d ) and/or replace one spetsnaz with something else . 
  maybe get a msta howitzer . 
  downvet the su-25t and skip the su-25 . 
  get some asf instead . 
   eurocorps, 
  upgrade the marder 1 to a marder 1a1 : maybe replace the reservistes with some regular infantry . 
  skip the m270 mlrs . 
  possibly replace it with a mars or some aa . 
  remove the brennus and/or amx-30b . 
  you do n't need that many tanks . 
  get the french atgm plane ( super something ) if you have the points . 
  it can be extremely useful as a tank-assassin . 
   blue dragon, 
  get some atgm and manpad infantry . 
  you do not need 4 cards of rifle infantry . 
  replace the lvtps with something faster . 
  i would also recommend the kafv 40/50 over the kafv 25 . 
  again , less tanks . 
  put one of your recon infantry in a fast ground transport . 
  get the m-18 in the vehicle tab . 
  it 's a 10 point ww2 glass-cannon with 100 km/h offroad speed . 
  if you 're gon na bring that many planes you want a sead plane . 
  did you start the projects after the first toon had finished his/hers ? 
  are you running the right project ? 
  you only get the discount for the ship you already have . 
  indeed . 
  for me moto 90 in a bmp-1d has become a must-have as ussr if available . 
  sapery in a btr-t is also really nice ( 7 front armor o_o ) . 
  pretty much any transport with a gmg is awesome simply because gmgs are awesome . 
  i would drop the m48 and either the k1a1 or kyu-maru . 
  get the ... `` something arrow '' aa vehicles . 
  either for the 5th support slot and/or instead of one of the guntanks . 
  sk has a 10 point glass cannon called m18 with 100 km/h offroad speed . 
  totally worth bringing one card of those for cheap fire-support . 
   eurocorps armored, 
  skip the cv tank . 
  they 're not worth the insane cost and your cvs should n't be shot at . 
  get some manpad infantry like the mistral .
