  once the durviving 1/4 - 2/3rds get to the top an ams sunderer will deploy and the remaining magriders will try to cover it . 
  everyone who died in the assault should now also reach the top , either by spawning there or from a nearby ams sundy . 
  since the path to the tower is now pretty much completely clear , all nearby friendlies will be able to simply walk all the way to the tower without being shot at too much . 
  if the ams sunderer is destroyed , you will probably have a backup since you brought several , or you can spawn a new one from the hacked vehicle spawners . 
  continue zerging into the tower until it 's yours . 
  primary color - white, 
  highlight color - brown, 
  secondary color - brown, 
  pattern - depends on class, 
  pattern color - orange, 
  lights - red, 
  enjoy being cerberus, 
  i 'm not sure if it 's undwarfy but it kinda goes against what everyone here always says . 
  i tend to let my dwarves socialize in my big fancy dining hall , sometines outdoor statue gardens , so everyone are good friends and stuff . 
  makes it a pain in the ass when people die , but my defenses/traps/militia can usually keep that from happening too often , except ofc with migrants . 
  sl/pl requirement would be the best otherwise everyone would look like this eventually . 
  maybe a requirement that the squad/platoon contains a minimum amount of players so that it 's only for `` real '' squads and not like whoever is leading the squad of me and my two friends . 
  maybe they could give us a free hat , without the glasses and golden bird so that everyone can be a commissar but dedicated leaders , willing to spend sc can look even better when leading their troops . 
  then do the same with officer trenchcoats and add a tr chainsword and the set is complete . 
  can you really chose your holy city ? 
  i thought it was simply the city you had as capital at the time . 
   3 : they are much faster , so they get things done quicker, 
  i thought they became slower since they do n't drink but still suffers from the same penalty as normal dwarves that do n't drink/get alcohol . 
  that could simply be another effect of the passenger configuration . 
  not having a huge gun and all its ammo should make the lib a lot lighter and thus both faster and more agile . 
  reminds me of [ this ] ( http://www.thecompanyofstrangers.com/gallery/albums/userpics/eldarranger1.jpg ) badass . 
  which in turn reminds me that we still do n't have swords . 
  guilty as charged . 
  and i wo n't stop mentioning it until soe caves in . 
  i really do n't understand his complaints about vehicles . 
  with such a large portion of has having lock-on launchers , not to mention the bloody annihalator , using a tank in a large battle will usually result in you getting blown up or at least forced to retreat from missiles launched by infantry so far away you ca n't see them , and even if you could , not hit them effectively . 
  a group of has in a good position ( of which there are many in indar ) with some medics and engineers to support them can just destroy any tank zerg , and if they have annihalators , they ca n't be countered by aircrafts either . 
  during ww2 , stylish uniforms became assosiated with the germans and especially the waffen ss ( which is why the allies uniforms were so damn ugly ) so after the war everyone agreed to ban stylish unforms . 
  this was so that if the germans ever started using stylish uniforms again , everyone would know that they should prepare for ww3 . 
  a single ha with a lasher is uselsss , but if you can get several lasher has to cooperate , it can be useful . 
  the main problem with the lasher is that its single target damage sucks , so you 'll lose most 1v1 fights and above , but it 's capable of hitting several enemies at once . 
  now if you have several has with lashers that are focusing fire on the same area , their combined aoe dps will be enough to destroy any enemies in that area . 
  you used it to buy weapons and it was earned passively like other resources , resulting in a lot of people afking in the warpgates . 
  yes, 
  well i 'm gon na hope you 're wrong . 
  the idea of a +800 mele damage gear just opens up so many silly melee builds . 
  i 'd go with extra ammo or high caliber barrel + ulm and then use it on a drell vanguard , or any vanguard tbh . 
  that depends completely on the dialect and region . 
  the difference between some swedish dialects is as big if not bigger than the difference between `` normal '' swedish and norwegian . 
  one solution would be to simply limit the amount of ships and superunits to something like 3 per faction per continent . 
  then give both the outfit and the entire faction ( 50 % shorter ) a cooldown on buying a new one so that they ca n't be instantly replaced . 
  tbh , i 'm kinda against air carriers and air battleships . 
  i 'd rather see something smaller , more like an air frigate/gunboat or a bf 2142 titan . 
  fairly big , decent firepower , ams , not too hard for an outfit to destroy but not that much of a loss to the outfit that lose it . 
  like some galaxy/liberator/sunderer / skyguard hybrid . 
  air carriers and air battleships can be introduced when we can travel the oceans between the continents . 
   my idea for artillery is basically to make a new support vehicle that 's kinda like the sunderers weaker brother . 
   imagine something the size and speed of a sunderer and much less health , so it has to stay away from the frontline . 
   it would have to deploy to use whatever it has in the main weapon slot , then give it one secondary weapon , ( same options as the sundy ) to give it some firepower while on the move . 
   kinda like the archer artillery system but with a lot more options for what it has in the rear . 
   default weapon could be a 150mm howitzer , like a dalton with an improved loading mechanism and he rounds . 
   other options could be rockets , turning it into a stalin organ type vehicle , with lower accuracy and dps than the howitzer , but higher burst dps since it would fire a lot of hurt in a very short time . 
   then we could have a long range aa missile , but with a special type of targeting system , giving it much longer targeting range than the ha launchers but it takes a lot longer to lock on to an esf , slightly longer to lock on to a liberator and kinda the same for galaxies . 
  this would make it very vulnerable to a2g esfs but very dangerous to libs and galaxies . 
   then we could have something like a mortar , with a very short range , slowish rof but with a ton of damage and a big aoe . 
  problem would be that it would have to get in range of stuff like ha launchers , mbts and other things that could turn it into a smoking wreck in seconds . 
  main purpouse would be to clear out stuff like heavily defended sunderers hiding behind rocks , walls and other indestructible objects . 
   then it should have non-weapon options that would also take the main weapon slot . 
   a shield generator , projecting a mushroom/umbrella shaped shield , providing protecton from heavy muntion coming from above , that means rockets , artillery shells and other big nasty things , but not stuff like the esf default main weapons or the liberator shredder . 
  it would also have a hole/tunnel in the middle enabling liberators to simply hover above it and blow it up . 
  the shield would have a finite amount of health but it should regenerate fairly quickly . 
  points would be provided to the owner for every x damage the shield has absorbed . 
   last idea would be a directional radar thingy . 
  once deployed the driver would be able to aim the radar dish towards something , which would then autospot every enemy in a cone at maybe 1km or something like that . 
  every enemy vehicle in this cone would also be targetable 50 or 100 % further away than normal making the radar a very big target designator . 
  the owner would then get spotting points when stuff dies , and something like 50 points for every vehicle destroyed with the help of the range bonus . 
   and oh , almost forgot . 
   some sort of artillery symbol would show up on the map after x amount of shots/rockets/aa missiles have been fired from a hex , making that area a big target for esfs and anything else that can get there fast . 
  same thing for the radar and shield except they would show up after a certain time . 
  and since this vehicle is both slow , has to undeploy to move and only has a secondary weapon for short range defense , it would pretty much just be a point pi\u00f1ata for whoever can get in range . 
   might make a thread about this later once i 've refined the idea . 
   edit : another idea . 
  mobile `` helipad '' . 
  proximity repair system and vehicle ammo dispenser in one , but only for aircrafts . 
  if possible , aircrafts would have to land on it , but if the game engine would make it explode because `` physics '' then it could just have a small area of repair and resupply . 
  big faction colored flashing lights on the pad to make it very visisble for both friends and foes . 
  would be folded together while undeployed and then become almost as large as the landing pads on bases when deployed . 
  old post of mine but kinda relevant to the discussion . 
  i use exact same build , except with different weapons . 
  with the siege pulse dr i can tank a cerberus turret point blank by draining health from something . 
  i also love how the heavy melee makes it look like you 're choking the target with the force while electrocuting them at the same time . 
  you 're like a sith geth . 
  i wonder if the nvidia circuit board camo will become account wide . 
  i 'm kinda dissapointed that it was n't to begin with , and it 's not like i 'm gon na get another nvidia card in a few years . 
  someone should have put the answer to this question at the top of the sidebar by now . 
  it 's asked so many times and the answer is always `` yes !!!!, 
  quicktime event in an rts ? 
  what kind of fucked up games have you been playing lately ? 
  you mean the lodestar ? 
  if twe 're talking about the commissar hat and whatever the other factions will get i have some ideas . 
  first of all , they should only be avaliable to squad and platoon leaders . 
  secondly , there should be at least 2 versions of each hat , one plain and one fancy . 
  the plain one could be avaliable from the start , just to mark sls and pls . 
  the fancy one should either be unlocked by high br , but preferable , by a high command rank , something that should make a return to planetside . 
  that way sls and pls could have their cool hats , but dedicated sls and pls with a high command rank would have even fancier hats as a sort of reward for herding all us lemmings around all the time .
