  it 's a quad 40 mm auto-cannon , it should be scary as fuck at short range . 
  it means you 're being locked on by someone on the ground ( ie , ha with a lock-on laucher ) . 
  iirc it will say a instead of g if it 's an esf with a2a missiles locking on . 
  keep it until you 're an admiral , then unbox it an play around with it . 
  it 's not very valuable but it means that when you reach lvl 40 , you already have a tier 5 escort . 
  quick question , do you have any plans for some more `` special '' kit powers . 
  like the jem ` hadar cloaking mine , breen cryo-mortar , romulan plasma-mortar , klingon targ-handling etc etc. 
  afaik it has a lot to do with how effective modern anti-tank weapons are . 
  most modern tanks can be taken out with one hit from a modern atgm . 
  because of that you 're better off with lighter , faster ( possibly cheaper ) vehicles instead . 
  you do n't really need a big gun either . 
  an auto-cannon is usually enough ( and often better than a 105-120mm gun ) . 
  if you do need more firepower you can equip an atgm as well . 
  i would n't be surprised if we see more things like [ the wiesel awc ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wiesel_awc ) in the future . 
  oh yes !, 
  i dislike the way they behave now and how they used to behave . 
  the current behavior is just horrible in so many ways but ( and i say this as a ha ) it 's better than the old 99 % hit chance version . 
  imo , missiles should act more like the old non-retarded missile but they should have a limit to how fast they can turn . 
  no more instant u-turns and insane obstacle evasion ( dodging tree branches ) but they would still ( or at least attempt to ) avoid hills , biolabs , auraxis and other large obstacles . 
  esfs should able to dodge missiles but it should require some high-g acrobatics and not just a quick dive . 
  well the mujahideen were getting support from pakista , uk , usa , china and saudi arabia . 
  exactly . 
  and while he 's training he can take the good old role of suicidal t1 tackler . 
  i actually like arc because the damn thing can remember my password . 
  good to know i was n't the only one who got steamrolled by you guys . 
  if there 's one thing they should add for the `` social aspect '' it should be in-game gambling . 
  a few different card games and maybe roulette . 
  it could be both an effective isk sink and time sink . 
  i know there are third party stuff that already does this but i think it would be nice to have it ingame . 
  one fun thing about that ( iirc ) was that when the thorax had its `` reduction to mwc capacitor penalty '' or whatever it was called , fitting a high-meta mwd could actually result in a cap bonus . 
  well they should at least have a red cross symbol somewhere . 
  back then , medics ( and i assume nurses ) were non-combatants and killing them ( or simply trying to ) was a war-crime . 
  indeed, 
  basically it 's the feds equivalent of the [ bortasqu ] ( http://sto.gamepedia.com/bortasqu%27_dreadnought_battlecruiser ), 
  [ here 's the list of all the npc dreadnoughts ] ( http://sto.gamepedia.com/dreadnought ), 
  indeed . 
  i have actually survived a few engagements simply by stopping and crouching . 
  as in , i 'm moving around in an enemy base , suddenly an nc ha is firing at me . 
  i could uncloak and return fire or try to sprint away , but the ha would most likely kill me first . 
  instead , i just stop moving and press c. 
  sometimes they 've even continued to fire just a few inches over my head before they start searching for me . 
   yeah , because when you 're dropping a bomb from a plane you can see the symbol, 
  as / u/harmonicamike said , they painted big red crosses on their tents, 
  [ here 's an example ] ( http://www.battledetective.com/images/tentcityhospital.jpg ), 
  in the field medics usually wore red-cross armbands or something like that , and iirc they often had a red cross on their helmets . 
  since they were unarmed , they kinda had to rely on it for defense . 
  same for me . 
  that and training implants . 
  a new racial ship line with their own `` jovian x '' skillbooks that can only be aquired by exploring jovian space . 
  finding a jovian battleship skillbook would be like finding a revenant bpc . 
  this would explain why my mesh weavers had plasmionic leech . 
  maybe i should start using fighters until the bug is fixed . 
  just imagine 12 fighters/shuttles with plasmionic leech . 
  adapted maco = klingon honor guard, 
  adapted klingon honor guard = maco, 
  basically , they added two adapted sets so both sides could have access to the same equipment . 
  the normal maco engine still has the asynchronous warp field and so does the adapted khg, 
  * some new npcs that pose some sort of threat . 
  like different `` special elite soldiers '' ( middle ground between grunts and pilots ) , those tanks we see scattered around the map and stuff like that . 
  * more gamemodes , possibly involving the npcs more . 
  like hardpoint domination were only minions can capture points . 
  * night and/or underground maps . 
   the kraber has bullet delay ... that is when you have to lead the target . 
  and by lead i assume you mean `` use your crystal ball to predict the future '' because those damn bullets move so slow you have to fire before your target has even spawned . 
  imo it 's only good for taking out the occasional camper or to support your titans against enemies using the archer or charge rifle since they tend to stay somewhat still for a few seconds while locking/charging . 
  are n't basically all certs upgrades ? 
  the only real drawbacks is that if you use cert x you ca n't use cert y, 
  cert x is still an upgrade compared to no cert at all and a higher level cert is an upgrade compared to a low level cert . 
  that depends on the titan . 
  an ogre has a lot more health than a stryder , though all titans have the same amount of shield . 
  i think your numbers are pretty innacurate, 
  the ogre does 1875 melee damage and has a whole whooping 10500 health . 
  the stryder has 5500 health so even in the best case scenario of an ogre punching a half dead stryder , it wo n't be enough to kill it . 
   introduced a shitty nongender word like hen, 
  it was basically just suggested ( by some random guy ) as an alternative when the gender is unknown or irrelevant . 
  like if you 're writing about a thief and do n't want to use `` the thief '' over and over again . 
  you 're not supposed to use it if you know the gender , then you use han/hon . 
  also , the finnish language already had the word `` h\u00e4n '' which afaik is pronounced the same way so it 's actually more like a loan word . 
  the main problem is the retarded debate around it . 
  basically it 's something like this ( afaik ), 
  some small group of radical feminists or something suggested that maybe we should use hen instead of han/hon . 
  no one really cared/heard about it . 
  then some conservatives heard about it and felt that the word hen was an attack on good old family values , heterosexuality etc and started to complain . 
  still no one cared/heard about it . 
  then they got some attention in the media and their stupid debate was blown waaaaaaay out of proportion . 
  personally i think they should add the phantasm from ps1 as a light transport aircraft rather than somehow turning the liberator into one . 
  i 've even made some threads about it, 
  these are some pretty good ideas , except maybe phase shift . 
  one thing i want are more challenging npcs and possibly some game-mode that involve npcs in some other way than `` targets '' . 
  lets say there 's a `` tier '' between the kinda useless grunts/specters and us superhuman pilots . 
  some sort of veteran/elite soldiers that have better training and equipment than grunts and a lot more combat experience . 
  they should work as specialized 4 man squads , arriving in drop-pods or dropships , like normal minions . 
  examples, 
  * assault squad : equipped with shotguns , smgs and improved armor . 
  has the stim ability and the `` run n gun '' kit . 
  should be pretty aggresive and try to rush pilots on sight . 
  * hunter squad : armed with carbines , hemlok bf-rs and g2a4 rifles . 
  has the active radar pulse ability and stealth kit . 
  will actively hunt for enemy pilots . 
  * anti-titan squad : armed with carbines , sidewinders and archers ( with lock-on ) .
