  a lot of very cheap planes , like a 30 point bomber . 
  5 man shock recon with dmrs . 
  cons :, 
  akzptvykzi !!!, 
  edit : i may or may not have gotten them a bit confused with poland due to mostly playing as the coalition and because polish is also 99 % gibberish, 
  exactly . 
  czech/slovak looks like someones attempt at cheating at scrabble . 
   west german mechanized . 
  first of all i would recommend you to bring a fob . 
  imo it 's pretty much a must have except for low point tactical games . 
  when it comes to infantry i would probably unvet the pzgren 90 in the marder 1a2 and put them in a marder 1a1 for slightly better availability and then replace the j\u00e4ger with a card of normal fallschirmj\u00e4gers . 
  i would also replace the fliegerfaust with another fliegerfast 2 . 
  then i would replace one mortar with some sort of howitzer or maybe an mlrs for dealing with stuff at long range . 
  if it 's available for mech decks i would get a kpfpz 70 or whatever it 's called instead of the leo 1a4 or leo 2 . 
  the 20mm autocannon it has can be surprisingly effective . 
  you need some sort of infantry recon . 
  you probably do n't need two cards of flakpanzer and having both the marder vtsi and the kanonenjagdpanzer is pretty unnecessary . 
   eurocorps alternate deck, 
  again i would recommend a fob but it sounds like this deck is meant for tactical games so maybe not . 
  personally i consider atgm and manpad infantry pretty much mandatory for most decks . 
  my personal rule of thumb for 5 infantry slots is 1x rifle infantry , 1x elite infantry , 1x manpad , 1x atgm and 1x whatever i feel like . 
  i do n't think you need two different shitty spaags so maybe remove the oeil noir or the vab vdaa . 
  do n't upvet the leo 2a5 . 
  it 's a big target and veterancy does n't increase its ability to survive atgms . 
  invest in a better transport for your recon guys . 
   if i have to play redfor, 
  for rd you could skip the atgm infantry but i would still recommend some manpad unit . 
  alternatively get some nk rifle infantry in the vtt-323 with strela missiles . 
  if you want fire-support infantry you want the tanke shasho 85 . 
  i would also recommend using the wz-551 or btr-80a for those units that can . 
  do n't upvet the phz-70 . 
  personally i would replace the type-80 spaag and the hq-61 with the chinese crotale and a pon ` gae 2 . 
  the former because you probably want something with non-radar missiles and the latter because it has 10 he . 
  get rid of some of your mid-tier tanks . 
  they 're not very useful . 
  also , i do n't think ( not sure though ) that the sinhung has a 14,5 mm mg and i would totally recommend using some shitty nk tank with one if you want a cheap tank . 
  if you have the points to spare i would recommend the chinese atgm vehicle with 3km range and the nk helicopter with gmgs . 
  i 'm not really sure what rd has in terms of planes but judging by the price of the mig-21 and the j-7iim i would probably recommend something better . 
  the bison 81mm is ** the ** best mortar for generating smoke in wg : rd. 
  the uk fv4 ## is similar but the bison has wheels . 
  the fucking adat . 
  want to kill tanks , helicopters and planes with the same unit ? 
  no problem !, 
  very fast wheeled transports . 
  the electric voodoo is probably the most cost efficient sead plane in the game and as canada you can get 4 of them . 
  good recon infantry , especially the recce with its 1,5 km range .50 cal sniper . 
  6 . really cost efficient spammable tanks . 
  cons, 
  no atgm infantry except the eryx fire-support squad and for some stupid reason you only get 8 per card . 
  no helicopters worth a damn . 
  except for bison smoke + infantry rushes they 're not very good at offensives . 
   no fast wheeled ir aa like mistral or avenger/arrow/tan-sam . 
  they actually have one but it 's not very good and only comes with 4 missiles . 
  also , you forgot the part about how the ussr has some of the best damn transports in the game . 
  btr-t , skrezhet , bmp-1d , bmp-3 , btr-80a and btr-90 are all awesome . 
   kf-16c and the sead version . 
  so many amraams !, 
  they also have one with 6x ir missiles that i 've found surprisingly useful , especially vs airborne rushes . 
   ifv with 40mm cannon is pretty useful, 
  korea has 2 ifvs , the kafv 25 with a 25 mm autocannon and the kafv 40/50 with a 40mm gmg + a .50 cal mg . 
  both are pretty nice though , especially for 15 points . 
  also , sk has the m18 vehicle that costs 10 points and has 100 km/h offroad speed . 
  last i checked [ which was less than a month ago ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/wargame/comments/289hy1/best_artillery_for_smoke/ ) the bison 81mm and the fv4 ## both produced more smoke than any other mortars . 
  some time after making that thread i did some tests where i made several support decks just to test smoke generation and from what i could tell all the mortars except the bison and fv4 ## created the same amount of smoke per shell . 
  the smoke-puffs from the bison and the fv4 ## had like twice the radius of all the other mortars and howitzers . 
  / u/strikervulsine mentioned that the bison used to have a rof bug which has been fixed and i guess that 's what you 're referring to . 
  my guess is that since the us already have a lot of recon helicopters they thought it would be kinda redundant to add another one . 
  i mean , they have to find some sort of balance between what each faction had irl , what they need ingame and how time/effort it would take to add it . 
  maybe they could replace the recon cobra with a recon huey since they 're already doing some `` re-roll and re-armament '' changes . 
  and the ah-6c littlebird and the ah-1s / e cobras, 
  the 50 point kiowa has very good optics . 
  i would actually prefer if they gave it bombs , rockets and/or autocannons . 
  afaik that 's what it usually had irl and it would probably be a lot more useful than some shitty mclos he missiles . 
  well from my own experience of using it it 's pretty great . 
  50 % ecm makes it really hard to kill , the anti-radar missiles are good enough and i can get 3-4 of them . 
  also , personally i pretty much never ever use my sead planes for anything but seading . 
  they 're either not good enough at a2a combat to even bother or too expensive/irreplaceable to risk it . 
  yeah but rocket planes are imo pretty good vs infantry so it should still be able to kinda fill that role while also being closer to the irl version . 
  12x 135mm rockets should do quite a lot of damage vs soft targets and they would n't have an 80 % chance of flying off to narnia . 
  ehm ... use more danas ? 
  or maybe experiment a bit with some of the mlrs units . 
  i 'm actually pretty fond of the bm-24 that pretty much all of redfor have since the missiles do a whole whooping 10 he . 
  it 's kinda like a very inaccurate rapid-fire 203mm howitzer . 
  i know exactly how you feel . 
  i watched ga-rei : zero because of the same gif and i was not prepared : /, 
  stupid anime-gif-threads ... 
   hey cant be targeted by anti-ship missiles either . 
  o ___ o, 
  o ___ o, 
  all hail our new marine-deck overlords ? 
  replace one supply helicopter with a supply truck . 
  they 're much cheaper and stealthier . 
  you probably wo n't need that much aa so remove one i-hawk ( or replace it with a paladin ) and replace the other with the better version . 
  when it comes to tanks you want both better and worse tanks . 
  some really good tank that an survive a few atgm hits and win against anther good tank and some cheap shitty tank you can spam for infantry support . 
  other tanks that are good to have are the m8 ags and the tanks with autocannons on top ( eg , starfish ? ) . 
  maybe replace your rangers with navy seals in a ground transport . 
  you most likely wont need 3 cards of atgm vehicles . 
  get some fire support vehicles like the cev and maybe a flamethrower tank/vehicle . 
  also , you do n't really need sead planes without normal planes unless you really like supporting your teammates or just really hate radar-aa .
