  but considering the accuracy and range of the main gun , the shittyness of the atgms ( on most of them ) and the price they 're imo just not worth it . 
  also the assimilated borg console . 
  and a small request , unless you 're flying a tal shiar adapted battlecruiser or destroyer and/or are using the borg shield , deflector and engine set , please disable the damn visuals . 
  it looks like your ship is infected with some parasites ... 
  if you right click on an equipped item with a visual effect there should be a disable/enable visual effects option . 
  same thing for some ground stuff like the solanae ev suits . 
  afaik [ acc ] overflow should still boost your crit chance and crit severity except when you 're using faw . 
  since you 're using cannons this should n't concern you . 
  though tbh , [ acc ] is considered to be something you want for pvp where people can have really really high defense . 
  the crit bonuses are apparently not that big so it 's not that useful for pve . 
  for pve you want [ crtd ] modifiers and then as many crit chance bonuses as you can get from other sources like spire tac consoles , traits , romulan sro boffs etc etc. 
  and avoid [ dmg ] as much as you can since it 's the worst of the 4 basic weapon modifiers due to cryptic math . 
  more like a [ backronym ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/backronym ) imo since otherwise it should be called cesa or something like that . 
  i would say the sarr theln looks better but that 's mostly just because i 'm annoyed by the boff seat layout on the recluse . 
  i think the viggen is one of the few exceptions . 
  the other being that us bomber that has like a dozen bombs and the soviet multi-role fighter that has 2 crappy cluster bombs but also some really nice f&f radar missiles . 
  i remember some old thread here about t6 ships and some guy commented that he went from 24k to 30k dps just by adding oss2 to his build with no other changes so it could/should be enough to compensate for the loss of the 7th weapon . 
  though tbh , the biggest thing about the sarr theln might be the frigate pets and and the ability to use the breen consoles . 
  the elite frigates get the fucking breen energy dissipator ability . 
   90 ' targeting arc, 
  creates a level __ energy dissipator blast :, 
   -10 all power settings for 15 sec, 
   -2 additional decrease to all power settings per second for 15 sec, 
   40 % chance to disable weapon , shield , engine , or auxiliary subsystem for 10 sec, 
  just imagine what 4-5x of that would do to a target !, 
  and the 3p console set bonus is apparently a reduction in weapon power drain which should increase your dps a bit . 
   the kar ` fi also has frigate pets available, 
  i knew that ... 
   though the breen frigates will probably be better . 
  that was kinda my point . 
  are you serious ? 
  it 's like one of the most annoying things in sto right now . 
  did some googling and apparently you 're correct but it also kinda used to be a bug, 
  in [ these patchnotes ] ( http://sto-forum.perfectworld.com/showthread.php?t=1190741 ) the delay is in the list of known issues but i also found a statement by borticus that the current delay is intentional but that they are looking for ways to reduce it . 
   i checked with our software engineers to see if this behavior was a bug , or intended . 
  what i learned was that this new behavior was introduced as a means to improve server stability for all players on a map . 
   without this delay , we found that having a single player container load the completion data for as many as 30 or so different assignments ( including r&d ) put a noteworthy strain on the map they were loaded into . 
  if you had multiple players doing this at the same time , that load became concerning very quickly . 
   so , it is an intended feature , and currently working as intended . 
   that said , we will investigate if it can at least be tuned a bit . 
  the current wait time is , i believe , 5 seconds between processing each completion . 
  there is a chance that we can reduce that window . 
  i ca n't make any promises , but it will be investigated . 
  second paragraph in the carrier devblog ... 
  well the chel grett was available last winter event and the risian corvette was available last summer event and they say `` an event starship '' which to me means any of the event starships . 
  the chel grett is most certainly not a cruiser . 
  it 's basically a heavy escort/destroyer with a 4/4 weapon layout . 
  throw in the phantoms trait as well . 
  the tac ability cd reduction can be veeeeeeeery useful for sci vessels since they tend to have somewhat limited tac ability slots . 
  not 100 % reliable since you need to get shot at and have decent defense but it does n't take up a bunch of doff slots or use up your aux power . 
  if you unlocked the chel grett the first event 2 years ago there 's currently a bug that does n't give you the discount for it . 
  will probably be fixed soon but you might want to start grinding for it just in case . 
  if they fix the discount you 'll have some extra autographs for the next event . 
  some changes i would make, 
  * get apb instead of apd, 
  * switch places with eptw and epts . 
  * get oss 1 or 2 in one of the intel stations . 
  it 's like the best intel power in the game and pretty much any ship that can slot it should . 
  * maybe put ss2 in the commander intel/engy slot . 
  it 's a really really nice ability to have for those moments you want a specific target to die and in this case you do n't even have to sacrifice a tac slot . 
  maybe you could get another boff , trade it to someone for training and then use it to train your store bought boff . 
  afaik , every time you upgrade an item one mark level it has a chance to increase in rarity . 
  winter event store, 
  yeah i think op might need some help , or maybe he 's been playing on elite by accident or something . 
  yeah the actual content in dr is actually pretty nice . 
  the story was decent , i actually like bug hunt elite , i love the intel ships and the intel powers ( just need a few more kdf and rommy ships ) and the starship traits are a nice addition ( though we need more traits that are easier/cheaper to get ) . 
  the problems with dr is stuff like the changes to advanced and elite stuff , insane xp requirements to level up and ( imo ) the new specialization system ( super grindy power creep ) that when combined with the new crafting and r&d system made sto feel kinda like a korean grindfest and having a lot of alts suddenly became a horrible idea since it 's hard enough just to grind all this shit with a single character . 
  yeah i really look forward to the day i wo n't have to give a shit about any stupid fucking attribute implants ever again . 
  someone one the forums guessed the they 're `` norrlandsj\u00e4gare as shock light infantry '' and madmat confirmed that it was correct . 
  so probably some sort of 10-15 man shock unit with 30km/h speed , ak4 or ak5 , cg2/3 and some version of the ksp-58 . 
  ofc they could surprise us but my guess is just a basic shock unit which sweden currently lack . 
  edit : as longnarrowhallway have already mentioned , they will apparently have some special launcher/heavy weapon so eugene did in fact kinda surprise up . 
  iirc , if you double click it the popup will tell you that you have to participate in 5 or 10 runs of the tide of ice event to be able to purchase it . 
  from the tribble patchnotes, 
   * it is now easier to gain completion credit for participating in `` tide of ice '' . 
   * items unlocked through completing `` tide of ice '' will now unlock for the entire account . 
   * this will require only 1 character on an account to unlock all new winter event items through completing `` tide of ice '' . 
   * players will still need to spend the correct winter event currencies for each purchase on each character . 
  so basically it will become easier to get the unlock and it will become account wide . 
  no idea when this comes to holodeck but probably thursday . 
  depends . 
  i really like the dyson rep rifle because the main attack will have half your normal change to expose targets . 
  with the right traits and gear this can be 20-30 % chance to expose with every attack . 
  combined with the fact that the secondary attack becomes a exploit when your target is exposed this can be very very powerful . 
  i also like weapons with aoe/multi-target/chaining exploit attacks for my sci characters because pretty much all offensive sci abilities are expose attacks so all of the sudden you can vaporize several enemies in a single well-timed attack . 
  swords are also fun since they penetrate shields and let you disobey the laws of gravity . 
  i just consider them to be anti-fun devices that punishes casual pvp . 
  iirc it 's actually just a 10 % exploit damage bonus , the 1000 % is a typo/bug . 
  hmmm , can winter tribbles be used to create normal tribbles ? 
  like , could i put a winter tribble , a cannibal tribble and some basic food in my inventory and get a bunch of dead normal tribbles ? 
  tbh , since you would n't need to fly around in circles you could just point the mortar/howitzer forward and hover at a distance . 
  kinda like the [ auto-cannon on some mi-24 versions ] ( http://i6.photobucket.com/albums/y211/intruder_bass/mi24pn01by4.jpg~original ) . 
  i think you 'll probably need like 4 xindi carriers to exchange for this baby considering the price of all the other r&d pack ships . 
  the `` reunite davidshky 's monbosh and s'golth with their long lost family member foundation '' is now accepting donations . 
  i hate you right now you rich bastard . 
  i need this ship to get the full set but it will take ages to afford it ( especially with the winter event kinda getting in the way of marauding ) and you can just get it tomorrow . 
  well probably the sto wiki though some pages can be a bit outdated . 
  well this could get interesting . 
  more ways to combine 2p set bonuses and stuff . 
  lets just hope the new 4p bonuses wo n't be useless abilities like the breen set plasma fart .
