  maybe the bug is that some formation units somtimes forget it and act like barbarians . 
  if you 're losing food , destroy some buildings and/or stop taxing some food consuming regions . 
   any way to know when its going to come ? 
  you have to reach lvl 3 imperium and your internal politics must be unbalanced to trigger a civil war . 
  knowing this makes it kinda easy to prepare since most of the time ( at least for me ) my internal politics will be ready for a civil war long before lvl 3 so as long as i keep track of that bar i wo n't be caught with my pants down . 
   or how to defeat them ? 
  my parthain rebellion actually starved to death because my capital region did n't produce any food . 
  also , if you have a general with the night battle skill ( tier 3 cunning ) you can retake your capital instantly which will make the rebels suffer attrition and if you kill their generals while they 're without cities the entire army will disappear ( no cities = no statesmen = no replacement general = army disbandment ) . 
  also , the composition of the rebel armies = the composition of your armies . 
  my parthain rebel armies were 50 % eastern cataphracts and 50 % random crap troops because i only had two armies , one made out of nothing but cataphracts and one made out of random crap troops ( once as egypt i had a single fleet made out of 1 general , 3 ballista ships and 1 javelin boat , as a result the 5 full stacks of rebel fleets were about 75 % ballista boats ) . 
  some people use this fact by teching for good troops but not recruiting any . 
  ie , tech and build tier 3 barrack , keep using crap troops , once rebellion stars , start recruiting good troops , the rebel armies are now crap while your armies are awesome . 
  converting provinces is n't that hard as long as you do n't expand too fast , build a empel , station a dignitary there and maybe keep your army around for a while . 
  another thing you can do is to turn some enemies into satrapies after conquering them . 
  i did that to the two nomad factions to the north that declares war on you in the beginning and my ally . 
  that way i left the area in control of the steppe nomads and did n't have to worry about culture . 
  also , rush eastern cataphracs and/or persian elite archers + parthain swordsmen . 
  parthia is pretty interesting and while they are mostly focused on cavalry they also have some really good archers ( persian elite and parthian foot , the latter having 30 !!!, 
  in range damage ) and their parthian swordsmen are decent in a moshpit . 
  they also have the ability to create satrapies . 
  egypt is probably one of my favorite factions . 
  good starting position , very large unit variety , the ability to create satrapies and plenty of enemies , including the selecuid satrapy horde . 
  pontus is another fun faction with a mix of hellenic and eastern units , the ability to create satrapies ( as you might have noticed , i like satrapies ) , large enemy variety ( greece to the west , thracians and steppe nomands fairly close , some random celts in turkey , seleucids to your south ) so it wo n't just be 10x identical factions areound you . 
  carthage is fun if you like a challenge . 
  you start with 4 regions in 4 different provinces , your neighbours will declare war very soon , your client states will get conquered by random african factions , lilybaeum will be attacked by rome and/or syracuse , qart hadasht by your spanish neighbours and possibly the gaeti after they 've conquered nova carthage . 
  also , if you do n't mind a little backstabbing , conquering he rest of the carthage province is a good idea since all 4 regions have a port ( $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ 4 ) . 
  or you can wait until lybia is defeated by the palm tree faction and take it from them . 
  client states are like defensive allies that give you money . 
  also ( iirc ) , if the client does n't join the war when you 're attacked it will automatically start a war against you . 
  satrapies are like your submissive bitches that have almost no diplomatic option with other factions ( afaik , only trade agreement , ca n't even declare war ) , have to give you money and must join your wars even if you 're the agressor ( though they must not join your wars that are already in progress when satrapied ) or suffer the consequences . 
  this means that you can declare war on faction x , set it as the war target and watch your satrapies send their spearmen + slinger stacks towards it . 
  the main problem with both is that sometimes the enemy will take one of your poorly defended regions and then your client/satrapy will take it from your enemy . 
  now you either have to live without that region , attack your `` ally '' or wait until it 's conquered by an enemy again ( i guess you could incite a rebellion with agents and armies in raiding stance ) and take it . 
  i actually did n't mind that much . 
  less regions for me to care about , less culture/po problems , less territory to defend . 
  and since the money you get from clients/satrapies depends on how much money they make your income will increase as they conquer more regions . 
  one time during an egypt campaign i had this tiny little fleet ( lost some ships in big battle ) of 1 admiral , 3 ballista ships and a javelin ship . 
  when the civil war began the rebels got 5 full fleets and since the composition of the rebel forces = the composition of your forces their fleets were about 75 % ballista ships . 
  a few turns later i got into a battle against one of those fleets with my own that had some new firepot boats + a whole friendly transport fleet from cyprus . 
  it was a total massacre . 
  of my 6 firepot boats only 1 reached the enemy . 
  the 20 transport ships got stuck in a clusterfuck with the enemy javelin ships and were then utterly destroyed by the absurd firepower of 15 ballista ships . 
  next time i 'm gon na disband my forces before the civil war and create a crap army and crap fleet . 
  would be pretty fun if the rebels got nothing but egyptian infantry/slingers and raiding hemiolias . 
   the units do not change based on tech, 
  they do for rome . 
  occupy/loot/subjugate / raze and free/enslave/kill should be separate choices when capturing a city . 
  it 's a new feature in patch 3 . 
  when an army in forced march stance is attacked it will trigger an ambush battle . 
  i think they should add some sort of `` apprentice '' system . 
  once a general or agent has reached a certain age and level they 'll start getting `` apprentices '' ( for example , staff officers and captains for generals ) . 
  the `` apprentice '' would be some sort of nameless faceless character that gains xp together with the general/agent . 
  once an apprentice reaches certain requirements ( like age , lvl ) it 'll be added to the character pool . 
  characters earned this way should also be specced the same way as their teacher minus a few levels . 
  think of it like julius caesar and mark antony . 
  why not both ? 
  let 's say we have a lvl 8 general called marcus who got the insanity trait ( -2 x authority , +1 x zeal ) and is specced in cunning . 
  his children would have an increased chance of having that trait but would n't inherit the cunning part ( experience is n't genetic ) . 
  on the other hand , a person who has served as his right hand man for 10-20 years could have learned a lot from him . 
  but since marcus is specced in cunning he men under him would only have learned about stuff like night battles , logistics etc. 
  i still think it has to do with how many regions a faction owns . 
  basically , a fcation with just one region might prioritize food and economic buildings before military buildings . 
  as a result they 'll only have access to the basic crap units . 
  i 've seen the ai use armies similar to ops screenshot plenty of times but ( iirc ) pretty much only when fighting larger factions with maybe some exceptions with the barbarians since they can get better units from all kinds of buildings . 
  sometimes i 'll conquer some minor faction and find that all they had built was like a farm and a market place . 
  imo , getting decent units should be the ais top priority in the beginning . 
  economic stuff can wait until it has captured some regions to actually put those buildings in . 
  at least that 's the way i tend to do it , rush tier 3 melee barrack , get army , conquer . 
  because circlejerking = easy karma . 
  maybe it was a backup crap army . 
  i used one of those as parthia to assist my satrapies . 
  reminds me of [ this ] ( http://imgur.com/a/38sgk ), 
  in m2 : tw we had some sort of giant cross/standard unit . 
  a big wagon protected by a small group of soldiers with infinite morale that ( afaik ) increased the morale of nearby troops . 
  lets hope it will return in m3 . 
  i 'm currently playing a vh egyptian campaign and my tactic so far has been to spam egyptian infantry and auto resolve . 
  the main reason why i only use crap units is that once my civil war starts ( which is should have by now , imperium lvl 3 and 37 % support !!! ), 
  the rebels will only have egyptian infantry while i will start recruiting royal peltasts and stuff like that . 
  anyhow , the thing i found was that egyptian infantry is n't as crappy as i thought and if you have a couple of full stacks you can just steamroll all of africa . 
  having many stacks is also very useful since you can leave one behind for repression , hunt enemy armies and generally be in more places than a few good armies can . 
  another advantage is that since you do n't need a barrack to recruit them , replacing losses is very easy . 
  also , attach some dignitaries ( lower upkeep and cultural conversion on the move ) and/or champions ( high level crap units are fun ) . 
  for some reason ( afaik ) it appears that you ca n't subjugate factions that are already clients/satrapies to another faction . 
  as spajina said , rome have some really powerful units once you 've teched for them , something the ai almost never did . 
  it 's getting better though . 
  patch 4 increased the ais tendency to tech and build military stuff and when i fought them yesterday they had first cohorts , veteran legionaries , war dogs and equites in their army . 
  what makes rome so op as a player is that we do stuff like building 4x tier 3 fields of mars , a training camp and some equipment upgrade buildings . 
  all of the sudden i can recruit 6x lvl 7 ( 1 gold chevron ) praetorians with upgraded armor , shields , weapons , +25 % morale and increased melee defense . 
  so while the ai might get some decent legionaires as rome i 'll be spamming unroutable walking tanks of death . 
  because mixing beams and cannons is almost never a good idea . 
  the only real exception is if you wo n't have any tac powers for energy weapons , like if you 're flying a sci ship or a cruiser and go something like 1-2x tt1 and 1x torp power . 
  edit : i also had some success mixing in a dbb on a science bop but that was just to use bo3 + hyt2 for a nice alpha strike when uncloaking . 
  well the campaigns are very random . 
  early on it might come down to who wins the first battle . 
  in my current egyptian campaign rome had conquered the rest of italia , sardinia and several of nova carthagos regions . 
  i wish they would make more kdf smallcrafts . 
  orion interceptor fighter , orion slaver shuttle and maurading force shuttle/runabout . 
   how should my military province look like ? 
  4x bronze furnaces and an iron workshop ( for a nice little 100 % melee attack bonus ) + enough stuff to keep public order . 
  and ofc the buildings to recruit the units you want .
