  searchligts as an option for vehicle optics . 
  by pressing the right mouse button you activate a long range searchlight , goood for spotting enemies at night or blinding them to help your allies . 
  special skins for squad and platoon leaders , like some special headwear ( hat , helmet , hood ) for both of them and some coat/cape for the platoon leader . 
  possibly some bling for high br players . 
  they already are . 
  they 're a deterrent against having large groups of players without aa support . 
  yeah , it totally has nothing to do with the fact that i have never successfully returned to kerbin . 
  not at all . 
  nooooooo . 
  well that depends on the gun . 
  for example the esfs a2a and a2g guns and the flash m40 fury benefit a lot from bigger magazines than extra spare ammo . 
  that 's how it was in ps1 , but from what i have heard , you 'll have to buy it in ps2 . 
  i hope i 'm wrong and we 'll get fancies armor just by playing but after all , this is a f2p game . 
  maybe they could get a device that allows them to get through shields and take out the generators . 
  also , give them the ability to plant bombs on the generators without sounding the alarm ( should still be some beeping noise from the bomb ) . 
  that way they would be just as good ( if not better ) than light assaults at penetrating enemy bases and wreaking havoc but they would have to get around the more conventional ways rather than flying around . 
  they should also be able to hack vehicles like in ps1 , so if they find some unguarded sunderer , a flash with a dead driver or just someone camping with a tank , they could hack it like a base defense gun . 
  another thing they could get is a timed explosive , something much more powerful than a c4 but with a timer ( and a beeping noise ) that can be defused by an engineer . 
  then they could use this instead of hacking to make sure there 's nothing left for the enemy to hack back . 
  edit : had an idea for another tool , a fake missile lock tool . 
  you would either have to aim it manually at an enemy vehicle like a laser , or it would lock on like the ha launchers . 
  the idea is that it should make the target think he is being shot at and hopefully make him waste smoke/flares so he ca n't save himself from the real rockets , or keep him under a constant lock so he do n't notice the real lock . 
  now i know what the vs officer hat should look like . 
  thank you so much . 
   i 'd get a shotgun for my la and engineer ( they share the same weapons iirc ), 
  medic and ha would also get them . 
  any weapon shared by several classes only has to be unlocked/upgraded once . 
  musty_ballsack is obviously from / r/justiceporn, 
  according to [ this ] ( http://wiki.planetsidesyndicate.com/index.php?title=battle_rank ) and [ this ] ( http://wiki.planetsidesyndicate.com/index.php?title=agile_exo-suit ) ( and the other armor pages ) the armors changed color at different battleranks . 
  nc should have some sort of big solid metal blade . 
  think clouds sword from ff7 but smaller . 
  tr maxes should have a chainsword , nc maxes something like a wh40k power sword and vs maxes some sort of energy blade/lightsabre . 
  then add shields as a max weapon , providing conciderable protection from small arms fire from the front . 
  then for normal infantry , tr could get something like a katana , nc a big solid metal sword and vs again , some energy blade but much smaller . 
  the smaller nc and tr swords should maybe have some faction colored energy field around them , both as faction identification and as some lore about the swords being able to damage tanks . 
  we also need bayonets as a rail or barrel attachment , giving us a melee with the same damage as the knife , but faster and with longer reach . 
  lastly , normal infantry should have the ability to wield a sword and a pistol at the same time , but less effectively than just using one ( lower accuracy , no ironsight and higher recoil for the pistol , slower swing speed for the sword ) . 
  ninja edit : they also need to add special skins to squad and platoon leaders . 
  well maxs have the charge ability so they should n't have too much problem getting close , unless we 're talking about charging over an open field . 
  if you can get into melee range of an enemy who is aware of you , you deserve the kill , and if he 's not aware of you , you would have killed him anyway . 
  that 's actually kinda the idea behind the melee max . 
  if it can get in range , it will just murder any infantry in front of it , but except for the charge , the max is pretty slow and easy to get away from , so it would be best used to force people to run away from it . 
  or in other words , melee max = big angry reusable hand grenade on legs . 
   artillery would be powerful and to reduce spam it could have a deployment radius so that others ca n't set up artillery around it , much like the sunderers . 
  i 've had some ideas about artillery before and one solution i thought of for this problem would be that if x amount of artillery fire per `` time unit '' is coming from a hex , it will show up on the map for everyone to see . 
  and since the vehicles would be both slow/stationary and fragile , a lot of enemies would be approaching that hex very soon to crack open that xp pi\u00f1ata . 
  i posted an idea some time ago about a reverse llu system . 
  that some bases would be captured by the attackers hacking a secial console , then a special sunderer would spawn in the nearest friendly large facility and would have to be driven to the vehicle spawner ofthe hacked base . 
  the vehicle would be visible on the map for the attacking and defending factions but not the third one so they do n't interfere . 
  plot twist , samx3i was actually crying and shaking from laughing too much . 
  your space stations will be glorious . 
  well it was in the cert list for has and engineers . 
  edit : also , reddit only hate the later cod games so liking the garand is safe . 
  i think he would have noticed he was on platinum around the time the phantoms , brutes , primes and atlases started showing up , you know , around wave 3 . 
  we need something like 7 max melee weapons and 1 shield . 
  1 ai melee and 1 at melee for each faction +1 common pool that 's multi purpose . 
  then we need a common pool shield that had different visuals for each faction , like the shields on a mana turret but act exactly the same . 
  nc should get something like [ this ] ( http://fc07.deviantart.net/fs28/f/2008/132/f/1/buster_sword_by_wen_jr.jpg ) as their ai melee and something like a thunder hammer as their at melee . 
  tr would get a chainsword or chainfist as ai and possibly a power sword for at ( could n't think of anything better for them ) . 
  vs would get some plasma weapon thingies for both ai and at , something like a halo energy sword or a lightsaber for ai and maybe something like an energy spear as at . 
  ( ideas would be appreciated ), 
  the common pool weapon could be something basic ( ish ) , an ai sword with some minor armor piercing capabilites . 
  the shield should provide something like 75 % damage reduction against bullets coming from infront of the max , to most parts of the maxs body , but not lower legs and head . 
  normal infantry also need melee weapons but only one per faction that all work mostly the same . 
  also , to all you posting about wanting melee weapons . 
  splendid , splendid !, 
  carry on !, 
  only if it comes with a bright yellow skins so the max would look like the power loader from aliens . 
  i 'm gon na build a really really big station , name it gateway , dock a bunch of small ships to it . 
  the fact that one of the 3 original kermans are named bob just makes this so much better . 
  i think someone made a pod that can land using only separation rockets and landing struts . 
  ninja edit : [ found it ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r5rwir7kb3i ), 
  [ economic left/right : -8.00 ] ( http://www.politicalcompass.org/facebook/pcgraphpng.php?ec=-8.00&amp;soc=-7.08 ), 
  [ social libertarian/authoritarian : -7.08 ] ( http://www.politicalcompass.org/facebook/pcgraphpng.php?ec=-8.00&amp;soc=-7.08 ), 
  no no no , turn up all agression stats to max , then call the mod `` gandhi pacifist mod '' and release it on the steam workshop . 
  then get us here on reddit to like the shit out of the mod so it gets on the popular list . 
  what 's so boring about actually hitting things ? 
  it sounds like a cool idea and all but i think it would have a very negative impact on the community . 
  if this is implemented , what now looks like an unarmed newly spawned player would then be a possible threat and suddenly they too are on the `` shoot on sight list '' that 95 % of all dayz players seem to follow . 
  vanu is generally concidered the best at tankspamming so any place that favors vehicles favor vanu . 
  i think weekly or monthly logins would be ok . 
  it would be kinda silly if you after 3 years of not playing , logged in and had ... uhm ... ( 3 * 365 * daily certs rate ) certpoints just sitting there . 
  so they increased the cert gain from 8 to 16 ? 
  nice . 
  also , i think that kinda proves my point . 
  maybe so but pistols take 5 slots in the backpack so at least it would come at a cost , especially if they only have the 8 slot patrol pack ,, 
  there are many times i would have liked to have a sword as light assault . 
  often do i survive long enough to run out of bullets and have no engineers nearby since they ca n't fly . 
  i also quite often sneak up on large groups of enemies were if i had an actually useful melee weapon i could drop down on them and kill more of them them than with a gun since a sword would n't need reloading . 
  and about the fusion weapons , there were fusion blades in ps1 , frigging katanas with glowing energy fields . 
  they were rare since they were only given out at the fan fairs and to black ops emembers but they still existed in the game . 
  so a fusion hammer would n't be a wh40k ripoff , it would just be an expansion of stuff that already exist in planetside . 
  and the ps1 chainblade that terran had was a [ small chainsword ] ( http://wiki.planetsidesyndicate.com/images/0/01/chainblade.jpg ) , so giving terran a large chainsword would ' t be a wh40k ripoff either . 
   can actually close distance to melee range without being killed first . 
  light assault ( jetpack ) , heavy assault ( shield ) , infiltrator ( cloak ) and max ( charge + durability ) would all be able to close the distance without getting killed . 
  and a lot of the fighting already takes place at such short range that melee weapons are already viable , it 's just that the current melee sucks so nobody uses it except against the occasional engineer and infiltrator . 
  so please , stop being so damn [ grumpy ] ( http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_mczr9ibiq81ri87b4o1_1280.jpg ) about all this . 
  that 's why we need a game that 's a combination of dwarf fortress , evil genius and ftl . 
  an evil genius base , in space with some engines attached and the interior complexity of dwarf fortress . 
   so how would a sword actually perform in-game ?
