  edit : nvm , found out how to fix it via the n7 hq page . 
  i would like to see a continent that 's on the opposite side of auraxis compared to esamir . 
  a boreal continent with snow but still some vegetation . 
  since it would be on the opposite side , it would be almost constant night rather than constant day . 
  though since it would be a little bit closer to the equator it would still have a few minutes of daylight . 
  whooosh, 
  i had 2 hostile scubadivers jump down from the boat when i tried to sabotage it . 
  ended up with some bond style underwater combat . 
   people will stop being pussies and actually help cap the point . 
  haha , no . 
  75-90 % of the players seem to be absolutely terrified of the concept of being anywhere near the enemy and will instead happily stay a few hundred meters away and randomly fire at the enemies general direction with about 1 % chance of hitting anything . 
  i agree somewhat . 
  maybe g could be the button to pull out a grenade but you still throw it with m1 , like in arma 2 except you do n't have to go through all your throwables and firing modes everytime . 
  ca n't we just pretend that that 's what the hud is ? 
  well i was playing as a geth juggernaut with cyclonic modulator 3 and 40 % dr from siege pulse so i usually just tanked anything big ( did sowith all races ) while my team nuked them . 
   need female models for civilians and independents . 
  indeed , and iirc , dayz standalone will use the same player models as arma 3 . 
  for example , [ here 's ] ( http://www.mmogames.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/01/zombie-mmo-games-dayz-standalone-female-survivor-screenshot.jpg ) a picture of a dayz standalone female and [ here 's ] ( http://cdn.segmentnext.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/02/dayz-new-models-02.jpg ) a picture of an alternate . 
  since they already have the models there 's no reason not to include them in arma 3 . 
  the [ fleet excelsior retrofit ] ( http://www.stowiki.org/fleet_advanced_heavy_cruiser_retrofit ) is a very nice ship ( though i 'm kinda biased ) and it has a few nice benefits . 
  one is that the fleet modules are avaliable on the exchange for about 5 mil ec each , so for 25 mil ec and some fleet credits you can get it without spending any zen at all . 
  it also has 4 tactical consoles so it can put out a lot of dps for a cruiser . 
  then it has a special fansy transwarp drive that enables you to transwarp jump to any sector except for the main kdf one . 
  finally , it looks awesome as fuck . 
  the main drawback is that you will need 3 engineering boffs so unless you 're willing to fire one of your old boffs you 'll have to buy some extra boff slots , fortunately , those are pretty cheap and wo n't require that much zen/dilithium . 
  my guess is that vehicles do n't count . 
  iirc , when i killed a guy with the huey mg i did n't get a kill , and when playing on a namalsk server that announced who killed who with what , the helicopter kills just resulted in a `` was killed '' message . 
  juggernaut speed , health etc. 
  tech armor . 
  submission net grenade , a very large submission net in grenade form . 
  biotic rocket , ( looks like a purple concussive shot ) a biotic warhead in a small missile , kinda similar to warp . 
  ** summoner engineer **, 
  drone . 
  another drone . 
  defense drone ? 
  can spam drones at the enemies until they die of confusion . 
  aiu tactical cloak . 
  and here i thought using vehicles had already become too dangerous . 
  one thing you should do is to check the exchange and compare the dil/ec ratio to the dil/zen ratio . 
  when i bought my excelsior i found that for the dilithium it would take to get 500 zen i could make 8 mil ec on the exchange . 
  so with the combined ec and dil income from some ior and pi canis grinding it only took about 3-4 days to make 25 mil ec . 
  i think you missed the point . 
  does 1701 mean anything to you ? 
  ior grinding might be pretty hard since they 've removed that mission . 
  and the pi canis is a kdf thing only but will give you about 4400 dil per day for 30-40 minutes of work . 
  combine that with some empire defense missions and you 'll get your dilithium in no time . 
  i predict the opposite . 
  with esfs being worth a lot more xp all the annihilator heavies will be more prone to actually fire at them . 
  until they do something like giving us a lvl 0 cert for flares/smoke for 1-10 certs i think i might just stay out of vehicles for a while . 
   cardinal bergoglio has invited his clergy and laity to oppose both abortion and euthanasia . 
   he strongly opposed legislation introduced in 2010 by the argentine government to allow same-sex marriage . 
   he has also insisted that adoption by homosexuals is a form of discrimination against children . 
  meet the new pope , same as the old pope ? 
  a pistol with similar stats to the phalanx but with the recharging ammo mechanic of the ppr , lancer etc. 
  an me1 pistol in the same way the lancer is an me1 assault rifle . 
  a geth pistol just to complete the geth weapon set . 
  no idea what it would do , i just want one . 
  from wikipedia . 
  `` adult pygmy hippos stand about 75 -- 83 cm ( 2.46 -- 2.72 ft ) high at the shoulder , are 150 -- 177 cm ( 4.9 -- 5.81 ft ) in length and weigh 180 -- 275 kg ( 400 -- 610 lb ) . '', 
  and here 's the size of a normal hippo `` 3.3 to 5.2 m ( 11 to 17 ft ) long , including a tail of about 56 cm ( 22 in ) in length and average about 1.5 m ( 4.9 ft ) tall at the shoulder . '', 
  `` the average weights for adult males ranged between 1,500 -- 1,800 kg ( 3,300 -- 4,000 lb ) . '', 
  so yeah , a pygmy hippo is totally as big and dangerous as a normal hippo . 
  yes, 
  yes , yesssss . 
  keep going backwards in technology . 
  soooon we will have swords . 
  soooooon . 
  also , page up and page down will change the zeroing which is very important . 
  you can see the distance next to the crosshair so change the zeroing to the closest possible value . 
  though i still think tr should get chainswords ( since that 's what their knife was in ps1 ) i guess i can live with this , especially since i 'm vanu . 
  anyway , i 'll be in my bunk . 
  i 'm not sure if turning the mbts into artillery would be such a good idea . 
  like i mentioned in [ this ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/planetside/comments/18dn5i/how_i_would_like_to_see_artillery_done/c8dxa3z ) post i 'd rather see some ns made , fragile , sunderer sized vehicle ( that shows up on the map when used ) as artillery . 
  very annoying to be bombarded by , but pretty much just a big stationary point pi\u00f1ata for anyone that can reach it . 
  they 'll just add some new starbase or embassy stuff to unlock . 
  from the planetside universe wiki . 
  `` the vanu sovereignty , through their ongoing study and reverse engineering of the alien technological artifacts , have produced their own bleeding edge arsenal of weaponry which consists largely of directed energy arrays that accelerate highly confined plasma using ultra-short , high intensity laser pulses , producing a series of charged particle pulses '', 
  so apparently we use lasers to fire plasma at our enemies rather than firing the actual lasers . 
  imo , vanus weapons should be split into two categories , plasma and lasers . 
  all the current weapons would be classified as the former ( some would need a name and description change though ) , and then soe could give us some actual laser weapons . 
  hitscan weapons with close to zero recoil but lower dps . 
  something like the [ prothean particle rifle ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jsdhh-y6twk ) in me3 . 
  edit : hitscan lasers as ai weapon would certainly help the vs max . 
  maybe some weapon sway to make sure they do n't turn into super snipers but still better than nc and tr maxes at range . 
  i 'm more curious about what vehicles we 'll have in the full game . 
  so far i 've seen and heard about merkava tanks , railgun tanks , comanche helicopters , some drone cars with hmg/gmgs , a various assortment of russian helis , a minisub and some different artillery vehicles and some apc/ifv . 
  anyone know of any other vehicles we 'll probably get in the full game ? 
  indar should get large bugs that come out of the ground once in a while , like the hl2 antlions or the starship troopers bug . 
  they should be extra fond of attacking the stronghold just because . 
  also , add a flare launcher as an underbarrel attachment that costs 50 ish certs ( or possibly something similar for the universal slot ) that enables you to turn night into day for about 15 seconds . 
  i do n't see why romulan reputation should work any differently for romulan characters compared to fed or kdf characters . 
  it 's not like the romulans have infinite resources ( especially with the loss of their homeplanet ) and are able to just hand out rare expensive special equipment to all their captains just because they are romulan . 
  orontes ? 
  other than the obvious , balance changes , a big fat fuck you nerf to the geth etc etc , i would love it if they somehow gave the community the ability to make new classes using the pre-existing material . 
  should n't be `` that '' hard to patch them into the game since the character models and powers already are in the game files . 
  there would obviously be some limitation because of animations and probably some approval process to avoid making totally op classes ( bloodlust , flamer and cloak ) but the latter could probably mostly be done by the community . 
   replaces rifle slot ( calm down , there 's a good reason for this explained next ), 
  ( sword in one hand , pistol in the other ! ) . 
  can not ads with pistol . 
  pistol accuracy decreases 20 % .
