  the germans really loved their damn halftracks . 
  indeed . 
  watching half a gren squad get turned into a cloud of red mist as they try to get away from the cold is extremely satisfying . 
  another thing i love is when me or someone on my team attack the germans and find a tank with engine damage and half its health gone before the fight even started . 
  another good placement for mines is at the entrances of buildings that people tend to garrison . 
  imagine their surprise as the mg team entering the church is blown to bits without an enemy in sight . 
  only problem with my mine spamming tactic is that i suspect my teammates hate me ( i usually play 3v3s ) as i cover our side of the map in muntion chaches ( though muntion is almost better than fuel for the russians ) . 
  it says 5 hours for me d :, 
  yes , but op was talking about wanting `` to see those stats ! '', 
  and hopefully well get to know something about them in the announcement devblog . 
  well maybe the plan was to have it fully crewed but the crew was n't there yet . 
  iirc , the thing pretty much just left the shipyard to go after the enterprise so it 's possible they just dumped the construction workers and flew off without waiting for the rest of the crew to arrive . 
  the whole thing was also kinda secret so it 's possible they wanted as few people as possible to know about it . 
  when the time would come where they would need a full crew ( like a klingon invasion ) there probably would n't be a lack of volunteers to work on the federations new fancy gigantic battleship . 
  russian meat wall tactics . 
  * conscript assault package, 
  * shock troops, 
  * cheap rapid conscription . 
  all infantry losses are replaced with fresh conscripts . 
  costs less muntion and/or lasts longer than normal rapid consription . 
  * commissar . 
  has ability to break or give resistance to supression . 
  last member of support weapon teams wo n't run away in commissar is near . 
  could possibly have an ability to make supressed/pinned enemies retreat . 
  * fresh conscripts . 
  5 squads for 600 manpower , 3 pop cap per squad ( 0.5 per soldier , rounded upwards ) , ca n't merge , take over support weapons or vehicles and might retreat if supressed/pinned unless there is a commissar nearby . 
  enemies would be unable to tell the difference between fresh and normal conscripts . 
  bog the enemy down with cheap infantry , flank with shock troops . 
  keep commissar nearby to prevent t, 
  well the panzer iii would probably be pretty bad at taking out aircrafts . 
  they also probably chose the ostwind over the wirbelwind since the latter might be concidered too similar to the quad .50 cal upgrade for the m5 . 
  personally i think the panzer iii should be added as a doctrinal unit . 
  something between the t-70 and t-34 statwise . 
  you should give it a try again . 
  they 've apparently added a tutorial and there 's a virtual reality section where you can try all your factions weapons and stuff . 
  i also think they 've improved the `` battle flow '' with the so called lattice system so it 's easier to know where to go . 
  bases are connected by lines and you can only attack bases connected to one of your own bases . 
  this might be concidered somewhat limiting but it prevents people from getting scattered around from not knowing where to attack/defend . 
  then there 's the alerts . 
  server wide missions that lasts for 2 hours ( or until someone wins if that 's possible ) where everyone online is rewarded a large sum of xp at the end . 
  for example , the `` capture indar '' alert means that all the factions should try to take and hold as many bases on indar as possible before the alert ends . 
  the mission is worth 10000 xp ( 100 kills ) but the xp you 're rewarded depends on how much territory your faction have . 
  i you hold 42 % of the map , you get 4200 xp * your multiplier or if you hold 4 out of the 9 biolabs at the end of a `` capture biolab '' alert you 'll get 4/9ths of the reward ) . 
  also , fighting where the objective is gives you 20 % more xp . 
  alerts will simply give you a sort of goal to work towards and create larger fights even during the off hours since most players will go wherever the objectives are . 
  the only other company i can think of is soe with planetside 2 ( and their creative director is apparently an eve player so maybe ccp rubbed off on him . ), 
  with them not only listening on our whining and feedback but actually coming here to reddit and asking for feedback . 
  maybe a variant of the ore frigate . 
  or maybe just give it some salvaging/tractorbeaming bonuses , tt 's not like making it a better salvager would make it a better miner , or vice versa . 
  the only reason i remember/bother using them is because when i do this , my entire tactic is based around putting mines everywhere . 
  i will build a conscript squad , an mg and a siz and then second conscript or a doctrinal infantry squad . 
  then i will get 1-2 more engineers and build munition caches on the rest of your points . 
  then i just spend the rest of the game putting mines everywhere and hope my team wo n't hate me too much for our lack of fuel caches and my lack of units . 
  no one has complained so far though so i hope they saw what i did and approved . 
  then later on i will be able to `` spam '' doctrinal vehicles . 
  i think i had 4 kv-8s and an is-2 one game because the only fuel i had spent was on the support weapon building and the at grenade upgrade . 
  while on the topic of empire specific stuff , do you have any more info about [ this ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/planetside/comments/1apgor/account_wide_unlock_faq/c8zn0f7 ) ? 
  i think more people would try out the other factions and get a better perspective , just like op did , ( or maybe even switch faction completely ) if it was n't for all the stuff bought with sc that you wo n't be able to use . 
  i personally play vs most of the time and have pretty much all my sc invested there , but i also have a friend who play tr who i sometimes play with . 
  the problem is that whenever i do that i do n't have anywhere near as many weapons to use , making it less fun , even though i secretly love playing as tr once in a while . 
  it also prevents my tr friend from coming over to vs where me and some other mutual friends are since he 'd have the same problem i have when playing tr . 
  i usually just place a mine near the point , towards the direction enemy infantry will most likely come from ( their base , chokepoint etc ) and possibly one near the fireplace if it 's a winter map . 
  the good thing is that the point will be capped while i 'm planting the mines so i can move on before the enemy comes to take the point back . 
   2 ) allow for `` kit swapping '' in the field with a dead soldier . 
  it 's already too easy to change class in this game . 
  imo , when you choose a class , you should be commited to that choice for a while and not just change class all willy nilly whenever you want/need to . 
  but if we were also able to take kits from dead players , things would get even worse . 
  let 's say you have a 12 man squad with 1 medic . 
  you get in a fight and 4 guys died , including the medic . 
  too bad , should have brought another medic . 
  but if we could take kits , someone else could suddenly become a medic without respawing/reaching a terminal and revive the dead guys . 
  or lets say you encounter a tank and your ha dies , or the ha ran out of rockets cause the engineer was the one who died . 
  no problem because someone else whos class is n't useful atm can just take the kit from the useful dead guy . 
  on the other hand , taking kits from people with the same class would be ok . 
  the mi-48 is like something that crawled out of the nightmares of some us military commanders . 
  an mi-28 mi-24 hybrid covered in weapons and carrying troops . 
  if only it had .50 cal mgs in the doors , adding some mi-17 to the mix ( and more firepower ) . 
  except then the banana would probably end up costing even more for everyone who 's not poor in order to compensate for the reduced banana income from the rich people , making it worse for the middle class class people . 
  or let 's say it like this . 
  the working/lower class pay 20 % taxes , the middle class 30 % taxes and the upper class 40 % taxes . 
  then you decide that everyone should pay 30 % taxes , except those poor lower class people who will keep paying just 20 % taxes . 
  now all of the sudden you do n't make enough money since you get less tax money from the upper class and as a result you ca n't finance stuff like schools and road and other nice things the taxpayers money is supposed to be used for . 
  so to increase your income , you increase the taxes to 35 % for everyone , except the poor people . 
  now you have the same income as before and everything is will in the world . 
  now all of the sudden the middle class will have less money after taxes than before , while the upper class that already had the highest income will have even more money than before . 
  i 'm guessing in the campaign and theatre of war together with other units like the kv-1 , that small at gun in your picture ( 53-k 45mm ) and many others . 
  hopefully they 'll become avaliable later through new commanders . 
  i fucking hope so , all the empty slots in the commander screen does kinda indicate there will be more commanders . 
  even with the pre-order bonuses they only fill the top row for the soviets . 
  i think the whole point of the commander system was that it would be easier to add more , unlike the doctrine system in coh1 . 
  and as long as the units are already in the game , even if only in sp/tow , it should require veeeeeeeery little effort to give us some commandera with them . 
  could be that they havent figured out how to balance them properly and since they havent balanced the stuff already in mp either they might not want to make it worse with more unbalanced units . 
  no idea , i never use the german mines . 
  they 're just too expensive imo ( 80 !, 
  for the at ) , especially compared to the russians 30 mun anti-anything mines . 
  do n't forget all the mirror ships . 
  since the feds can get mirror universe versions of all their lvl 40 ships , that choice is pretty much completely irrelevant except maybe for how the ship will look ( mirror assault cruiser looks like prime star cruiser etc etc ) . 
  so if op got a cruiser , he can get a sci vessel and an escort on the exchange for almost nothing at all . 
  no idea how to make a turret build work , i 've only heard people using them for slow fat ships like carriers . 
  also , 6 beam arrays is regarded as the optimal amount ( unless you have a lot of things increasing your weapon power ) because the increased drain of your weapon power will result in no additional dps or possible even lower dps .
