  i know i know !, 
  sue !, 
  copyright !, 
  etc etc but as long as they do n't just outright copy the design it should n't be any problems . 
  well i hated the winter event daily and even though i only did it with one character it still almost drove me insane . 
  now i 'm gon na have to do it 6 times ( have 6 characters i care about ) so that could be an hour per day ... 
  this is n't a lockbox ... 
  mines , mg teams and bunkers , flammwagens are all very useful to deal with the early inf spam . 
  i built a medic bunker near the hq and had most of my forces near it . 
  with 3 mgs i could cover all the enemy approaches . 
  a pzgren squad should also be trained fairly early to deal with russian light armor . 
  though tbh , i have no idea how well i was actually doing during the later wave cause a t-34 got stuck on a bridge i had blown up giving me time to get more troops and build more minefields . 
  the feds should have the light cruisers as their frigate pets . 
  the ship that launches it should be a mobile shipyard . 
  there are some screenshots with ugvs . 
  what i 'm hoping for is the [ bigdog ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bigdog ) / [ legged squad support system ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/legged_squad_support_system ) . 
   darpa intends to supply a marine company with an ls3 by 2014 . 
  if they 're gon na start field testing them already i can imagine them being pretty common in 20 years . 
  just imagine a really fucking stupid squadmember that can carry a lot of crap in its inventory . 
  they also have a prototype with an arm that can lift 50 pounds , so give it two of those with some decent `` hands '' and it should be able to use normal weapons . 
  also , the way you talk in arma would fit a robot pretty well . 
  enemy man !, 
  at fivehundred meters !, 
   also , the hull and turn rate are incorrect , all ships have those numbers when looking at them through the gateway . 
  any words about more commanders ? 
  will some of them be free as well ? 
  this is a tactic i use as the soviets in team games on maps with a decent amount of chokepoints . 
  i start by building the support weapons building because i want to have it built before i actually need it . 
  then i build a conscript and mg team and use them + the engineer to go capture some points . 
  after that i will build ammo caches , another engineer , a second conscript or a doctrinal squad and an at gun ( in no particular order ) . 
  the non-engineer units will then be stationed near a vp . 
  after that it 's at mine o'clock . 
  i will run around and build at mines all over the damn map , starting with the vp i 'm defending with my other units . 
  every chokepoint and cp/vp should be mined , and then roads and near corners ( units tend to get very close to the corners when moving around a building ) . 
  even if i do n't have that many units , the mines tend to fuck up most german attacks , costing them manpower and fuel , but most importantly time . 
  a mine wont instakill a pz4 but it will take it down to about 50 % health and damage its engine , usually forcing the germans to stop and repair it . 
  a mine will also take out half a squad ( on average ) if stepped on by infantry making them much easier to kill completely unless they retreat very quickly . 
  i then continue doing this throughout the game . 
  this also saves me a lot of manpower and fuel which can be used later . 
  eventually i will start getting tanks , either through a building , but usually through my commander . 
  it 's essentially just attrition by mines , cause damage while not recieving any . 
  just so you know , cross-faction ships like the tal shiar ships can not use the romulan c-store ship consoles . 
  so the consoles from the d'ridthau , the valdore , the dhael and the t'varo ca n't be used by the tal shiar ships . 
  this might not be a problem for you but i figured it would be worth pointing out . 
  let 's hope so . 
  there are plenty of units and abilities in the sp campaign we do n't have yet ( like the small at guns , or the scorched earth ability ) . 
  and making a new commander using pre-existing stuff should n't require much work . 
  oh yes . 
  tanks are far too easy to kill . 
  one thing i 'd like to see ( or at least tested on the pts ) would be mobility kills in exchange for a huge health increase of mbts and lightnings . 
  ( bigger increase for mbts ), 
  tanks should be much harder to kill , but mines and dumfire launchers should be kinda affective at damaging or taking out a track/hover generator which would slow down or even completely immobilize a tank . 
  this should prevent tanks from becoming too powerful as infantry would still be a significant threat at short range ( for example , inside a base ) . 
  a tank driving too close to enemy infantry ( like for example to camp a spawnroom ) should most likely become immobilized with some well aimed dumbfire rockets and then taken out with more rockets or other short range anti-tank weapons like c4 , at grenades or mines . 
  lock-on should go for the top of the tank making them worse at mobility kills that other options . 
  this would be more of an indirect buff to the other weapons than a nerf to lock-ons ( though mbts getting 4x health could be concidered a nerf to all av weapons ) . 
  magriders could have some sort of resistance , like a backup generator that would always allow them to move and turn , but very slowly . 
  otherwise this would hurt vs the most . 
  imo , it would fit that the `` mobility faction '' has a resistance to immobilization . 
  lightnings would also be harder to immobilize since they have 4 small tracks which would make it harder to hit them and taking out one should n't affect the lightning too much . 
  well then they would still have to clear the area of mines first , wasting more time . 
  also , that would n't really help against the mines where they are people defending unless the pioneers are gon na go first while under fire . 
  oh yes , at least all the explosive weapons ( afaik ) can blow up mines . 
  but once again , attacking the ground in hopes of blowing up mines also takes time . 
  if they do n't have mine detectors they wo n't know if there 's a mine there or not ( unless they saw the engineers put them there ) so then they would n't know where to shoot . 
  in the end , there 's no way of dealing with mines that does n't take time and/or resources except for simply clearning the most obvious places , like bridges and other chokepoints . 
  cardassians !, 
  it 's an entire race of [ magnificent bastards ] ( http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/main/magnificentbastard ) . 
  they 're all smug and scheming all the time . 
  the only cardassian i did n't like was seska , fuck seska !, 
  well i doubt we 're the only ones with this idea . 
  maybe i should make a thread later . 
  [ it 's insidious . 
  ] ( http://24.media.tumblr.com/a2f3b2122488833281cca96aff3a6165/tumblr_mmeyha3o9w1s123tlo2_1280.png ), 
   the su suppresses my infantry, 
  how ? 
  you mean that your infantry dives for cover when taking fire by the cannon ? 
  the solution to that would be to spread out your infantry . 
  i think there should be a doctrinal trench ( not as op as the brits ) that engineers/pioneers and possible standard infantry can build . 
  cheaper than a bunker , less protection , no upgrades . 
  the germans seems to have them in the campaign so it should n't take that much efford to add it to the multiplayer . 
  maybe a building animation would have to be created . 
  upgrading buildings should also be added ( possibly as a russian thing , but probably not ) as a commander ability . 
  first you would take over and upgrade ( costs manpower ) the house , giving it some extra defensive bonuses and making enemy units unable to get in without first capturing the house , like in coh1 . 
  then you could upgrade it again with healing and reinforcement upgrades ( same as the german bunker , also costs munition ) . 
  then there should also be some sort of fortification upgrade that would make the house even more durable and increase the protection to the units inside , like adding more sandbags and cover the windows with planks and metal scrap or something . 
  my guess is that your enemies had opel trucks at their resource points , giving them more resources that this game seems to be balanced for . 
  at some points having more tanks than the germans does n't work because there 's not enough room to use them properly in some areas . 
  movie theaters should have some [ speech jamming guns ] ( https://www.google.se/#safe=off&amp;sclient=psy-ab&amp;q=speech+jamming+gun&amp;oq=speech+jamming+&amp;gs_l=hp.3.2.0l3j0i30.836.7119.0.8390.26.19.1.6.6.0.90.871.19.19.0...0.0...1c.1.18.psy-ab.e1owsnt9-ku&amp;pbx=1&amp;bav=on.2,or.r_qf.&amp;bvm=bv.48572450,d.bge&amp;fp=1819d251df2798d6&amp;biw=1280&amp;bih=883 ) to point at people who wo n't shut up and while they 're unable to speak propely someone can go up and tell them to be quiet or they will keep getting jammed . 
  maybe [ mobile phone jammers ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mobile_phone_jammer ) should be made legal for use in places like theatres and cinemas . 
  just make sure they 're easy to turn off , and make them turn off by themselves if the firealarm goes off . 
  maybe there could be special `` silence hours '' with speech jamming guns , cell phone jammers and no childrens allowed . 
  or maybe just guards to get rid of anyone making too much noise . 
  a federation carrier that can use frigates . 
  could be done by giving kitty frigates to the kitty carriers but a whole new ship would be preferable . 
  maybe a redesigned [ jupiter class dreadnought ] ( http://sto.gamepedia.com/federation_dreadnought ) , it certainly looks like it could fit a large hangar bay in that fat belly . 
  maybe make it a `` true '' carrier , engineering focus and very few weapons ( like 2-3 fore , 2 aft ) but also 3-4 hangars . 
  also , playable versions of the kdf hangars . 
  the feds seem to have playable versions of most of their hangars but the kdf only have the to'duj and the two shuttles . 
  the orion ships , the marauding force and the s'kul as small crafts and maybe even a fer ` jai retrofit as a tier 5 destroyer .
