  * the game does n't really begin until lvl 50 so until then , enjoy the story while learning how to play . 
  * right click on a weapon in the quickbar/weapon box to turn on autofire . 
  less button mashing this way . 
  * since you have three character slots i would suggest you try out each class at least once . 
  you can just delete it if you did n't enjoy the class . 
  * do n't buy any ships with zen until you reach lvl 50 . 
  you level up so fast you wo n't use the lvl 10-30 ships that much . 
  some of them do come with useful consoles though but that 's not something you should think about yet . 
  pretty much any escort will do . 
  though since you should only need 6 tactical powers ( 2x tt , faw and apo/apb ) , some escort with more sci or engineering boff slots could be more useful , like the [ mirror universe escort retrofit ] ( http://sto.gamepedia.com/mirror_universe_escort_retrofit ) . 
  i guess i would count as an estimator and this is pretty accurate . 
  the worst thing is when i have a bunch of documents that contradict each other and have to figure out which ones are correct . 
  like someone updated some floor plans and maybe the building description but not the room description so all of the sudden i have to improvise because the room numbers do n't match and some rooms are not even on the floor plans anymore . 
  then later on i receive the correct documents and have to redo stuff . 
  what 's even worse though is when they do n't even bother making new plans and i get a pdf of a scan of some hand drawn `` thing '' from the 20s where everything is written in cursive . 
  q __ q, 
  well we 're kinda getting there . 
  there are a lot of templates for most type of documents so most of the time it 's kinda easy to find the info you 're looking for . 
  also , most plans follow the same naming formula ( eg , floor plans are called a-40 .1 - xxx ) so even with a hundred pdf files i can usually find the ones i need . 
  the main problem is basically just human error which unfortunately ca n't really be solved with some reforming . 
  until we can replace the architects and their minions with computers we 're kinda stuck with this shit . 
  infantry squads with 14,5 mm hmgs !, 
  yes please !, 
  yeah i really wish they would at least be more flexible with the cost of units that cost less than . . lets say 20-30 points . 
  imo most of the minor balance issues regarding cheaper units ( especially infantry ) could easy be solved if they could simply adjust their cost by just a few points here and there . 
  well i 've heard that the deflector is like the best deflector for weapon damage and ( imo ) the shield is really really sexy on some ships . 
   how do i know if i have embarked near magma ? 
  like not the magma sea , but like a pipe ? 
  well volcanoes are visible on the world map but otherwise i think you 'll simply have to use the prospect command in dfhack . 
   how the hell do i use burrows and should i use them ? 
  well one really useful thing to do with burrows is to combine them with a civilian alert . 
  create a burrow somewhere ( preferably with access to the level for your gate and maybe some food ) and an alert ( in the military screen ) . 
  then tie the burrow to the alert . 
  what this does is it makes all your civilians run to the burrow when the alert is active which can be handy for getting everyone inside asap . 
  i would like some changes to bo and the target x subsystems powers . 
  imo the upcoming surgical strike power should replace bo as the single target beam power . 
  bo and the four txs should then be turned into engineering powers , work with cannons and get their own global cooldown . 
  here 's my reasoning . 
  * more offensive capabilities for cruisers and other ships with a lot of engineering powers . 
  could result in less need for a2b builds . 
  * could result in more people actually using the txs powers other than those that come with sci-vessels . 
  cause tbh , they 're not really worth using/wasting a tac power slot for . 
  * bo is imo not that useful as a tac power either ( especially because of it 's shared cooldown with faw ) except maybe for escorts with a single dbb . 
  something like surgical strike would imo be much better . 
  * overloading weapons and messing with subsystems sounds more like something you 'd ask your engineers to do and not your tactical officers . 
  * i do n't really see why bo and txs could n't work with cannons . 
  personally i would use rom-plasma and get a bunch of embassy consoles that boost plasma damage . 
  on the other hand , protonic polarons could be powerful if you 're kinda going for a power-drain build and/or have a high crit chance . 
  well imo rf and bo are n't like each other at all except that they 're single target abilities . 
  one increases damage for all weapons for 10 seconds while the other just gives you a single powerful attack . 
  imo rf and faw are more similar to each other . 
  also , iirc , faw is better for dps than bo even against single targets ( unlike csv vs crf ) which is why i wish beams instead got the surgical strike ability ( or something like it ) as their single target damage bonus power . 
  i also think it should be possible to overload cannons since they are energy weapons . 
  just override some safety thing and pump in as much power as possible . 
  well you can use borrows to keep certain dwarves in certain positions ( like where they 're supposed to work ) or to station your militia etc etc. 
  if we 're talking about the kpvt/zpu then those are 14,5 mm heavy machine guns and not autocannons . 
   he difference between machine guns and autocannons is based on caliber , with autocannons using calibers larger than 16 mm . 
  this is my favorite source of good ship names, 
  examples, 
  * falling outside the normal moral constraints ( a bit too long though ), 
  they 're getting a new elite unit to replace them . 
  she lost her account to a hacker . 
  her new tumblr is http://iahfy.tumblr.com/, 
   in the predicted line-of-sight ( plos ) mode , the gunner tracks the target for three seconds and the missile 's guidance electronics makes a record of the gunner 's movement as he aims and computes the flight path to the predicted position of the target . 
   the missile has an active magnetic and optical sensor activated proximity fuse . 
  the sensor data is analysed to match the known relevant target criteria before warhead initiation . 
  the missile warhead is activated even against aluminium targets and partially concealed targets . 
   the worst part about the fsa is that they are not one unified group . 
  you can say that again !, 
  and just look at the ideology column of the `` syrian government and allies '' list . 
  i pimped out my main romulan with sro boffs , spire consoles and some [ crtd ] x3 ap beam arrays to prepare for the future dps requirements . 
  with 27 % crit chance and a base crit severity of 98,5 % i hope i will be able to bring enough pewpew for whatever comes . 
  i should probably get a better space set but it just feels wrong to not use the assimilated borg tech set on an adapted battlecruiser . 
  yeah , 11 consoles and an extra lt. com boff seat is a bit too much . 
  you forgot about `` aim mode '' in ground combat . 
  press x to toggle aim mode on/off . 
  when on it gives you a 33 % bonus to range damage at the cost of a 50 % speed penalty . 
  edit : another tip . 
  learn how to use expose and exploit attacks . 
  basically , some abilities and weapons have a chance to expose a target and if you use a exploit attack on an exposed target it will get a 200 % ( or more ) damage bonus . 
  the base expose chance is 10 % but if you have access to the lucky and/or telepathic traits ( iirc , only aliens , betazoids , letheans and ferasans can have both ) you can increase it to up to 35 % . 
  then there 's also the pack leader trait you can get from the exchange which offers and additional 10 % bonus . 
  this means some of you can get a whole whooping 45 % expose chance with a lot of your abilities ( like pretty much all offensive ground abilities ) which can be extremely useful if combined with an exploit weapon . 
  pressing g will also target the nearest exposed enemy and make you draw your exploit attack weapon ( if you have one equipped and you 're not already holding it ) . 
   only do the 20 hour reputation projects . 
  the 1 hour rep projects can sometimes be worth it for the reward boxes . 
  you can get some pretty decent weapons this way for a fairly low cost . 
  like purple mk xi-xii romulan plasma weapon . 
  afaik you can only get turtle shells from `` fishing '' turtles and then processing them in a fishery . 
   tame live pond turtles can sometimes be bought from merchants . 
  these can not be set up to slaughter , and if one gets killed by a cat or caught by a web or closing door , the only result will be pond turtle remains , not a raw pond turtle you can take to a fisherdwarf 's workshop and process to get a shell . 
  for me the best thing about the tau dewa aid assignments is that now my fed characters can also provide some bloody income . 
  like the pretty shiny purple research lab scientists that sell for almost 9 mil ec each !, 
  less dil and no gear . 
   surgical strikes 3, 
   30 second recharge ( 15 second global cooldown , shares a global cooldown with faw/crf/csv / b :o ), 
   40 accuracy for 10 seconds, 
   40 % critical chance for 10 seconds, 
   halves the firing rate of affected weapons , but grants a significant ( more than double ) boost to the damage of the shots fired . 
  so crtd is just getting better and better .
