  well there 's the [ roadmap ] ( http://www.planetside2.com/roadmap ) where you discuss upcoming features and suggested upcoming features . 
  [ planetside syndicate ] ( http://wiki.planetsidesyndicate.com/index.php?title=main_page ) is also a good place to read up on ps1 and its features . 
  well they also need to keep all the cheapskate players happy so the people who actually buy stuff have someone to kill . 
  well they are kinda trying to put most of the ps1 content into ps2 update by update . 
  i think we 're getting both the buggies , the jeeps and the faction specific launchers . 
  heck , once the community realizes that bfrs does n't have to be overpowered we 'll probably get them as well . 
  not sure if it 's my favorite combo , but geth juggernaut + korgan warlord vs reapers has worked pretty well whenever i get this combo in pug games . 
  the juggernaut can just stand there and tank the big baddies while the krogan smashes them with his hammer powers . 
  another good combo is a flamer vorcha + any class with chain overload . 
  fire explosions everywhere !, 
  not only strafe , but backwards as well . 
  in fact , it should work in 8 different directions depending on which wasd buttons you 're holding down when activating it . 
  possibly even upwards if you hold space . 
  imagine a magrider avoiding incoming fire by jumping a few meters into the air . 
  vs players who played a lot of me1 would be experts at that . 
  well there are several reasons it 's not very good against armor , without a shredder mod that is . 
  first of all , it has a 0.5 x multiplier vs armor , compared to the 2x multiplier vs shields and barriers . 
  then each `` projectile '' only has a base damage of 66 ( each ammo = 8 projectiles ) at lvl x , so it will suffer a lot from the 50 point dr of armored units . 
  i 'm vs and i have trouble telling them apart . 
  hell , the lasher looks so much like the other lmgs that except for firing it , the ammo counter is the only thing really giving it away since my only lmgs have 50 and 100 round mags compared to the 75 rounds of the lasher . 
   ** my ** only lmgs, 
  did you make your account before or after the release ? 
  iirc , all accounts made before the actual release are normal soe accounts , but any european that made an account after that got stuck with pro7 . 
  at least afaik . 
  edit : just checked , if i go to www.planetside2.com and try to make an account , it will tell me i am in sweden and refuse to let me make an account unless i go to www.planetside2.eu and make a pro7 account . 
  now i 'm imagining some lone klingon warrior in a space suit being rammed by the enterprise so hard that the enterprise explodes from the impact . 
  i 'm guessing that was your intent all along . 
   nasty tendency to mow down hordes of cloaked friendlies, 
  i only played ps1 during the free trials , but pretty much every larger battle where i tried using a tank would result in more friendlies crushed beneath my tracks than enemies shot with my cannon . 
  i do n't remeber having any problems finding people willing to be my gunner . 
  might be because it was during the free trials . 
  i do n't think that the average person would think much about making a pro7 account . 
  before ps2 i had never even heard of pro7 and if i had n't been visiting the forums or reddit i would n't have heard all the negative stuff about them . 
  most europeans will just continue to the . eu site , make an accout there and play . 
  they wo n't go `` who are these proseiben guys ? 
  i better google it . 
  oh , they have this really bad reputation . 
  then i 'd rather not make an account with them . 
  but how else will i play ps2 . 
  i know , i 'll make an soe account somewhere else and use that ! '', 
  any idea if the nvidia circuitboard camo will be account wide ? 
  i love it but it 's not like i 'm gon na buy a new graphics card in 2-3 years . 
  i continued browsing that page and found this . 
   ronald reagan visited the set of the next generation in 1991 during filming of `` redemption '' . 
  he remarked `` i like them [ the klingons ] . 
  they remind me of congress . 
  mid and lategame scout/exploration units . 
  let 's say that from the renaissance era to the industrial era , scouts are relaced by explorers . 
  +1 sight radius and movement speed and +2 embarkment speed . 
  possibly the ability to explore the territory of other countires without an open border agreement . 
  then when you reach the modern era , they are replaced by recon/commandos . 
  able to move around undetected unless they come within x tiles of a hostile/neutral unit . 
  able to pillage improvements without movement cost , but will be detected when doing so . 
  we still need swords though . 
  that problem could just as easily been fixed by either giving grenades to an existing geth unit , or give the geth a new `` heavy trooper '' style unit , like the maurader and centurion and give that one grenades . 
  ftfy, 
  i like the bonus power on my salarian infiltrator . 
  the ability to use energy drain while remaining invisible has saved me many times , and unlike the sniper damage bonus , it 's useful for both sniper and shotgun builds . 
  i 'd rather see swords as a 2hk weapon , maybe a bit more damage than the knife so that you can ohk a wounded enemy easier , and that it takes the secondary weapon slot . 
  to make it better than the knife , it has longer range and will hit things in an arc , making it much easier to hit your enemies in those frantic cqc scenarios . 
  tr should get chainswords ( and have their knife turned into an actual chainknife ) and nc some sort of ... really heavy sword , like a huge mag-cutter . 
  would n't this kinda be `` wishlisting '' and thus allowed ? 
  they could make a continent that 's on the opposite side of the planet compared to esamir . 
  a continent with permanent night . 
  it could go from `` twilight crap '' to almost [ arma 2 level darkness ] ( http://i1122.photobucket.com/albums/l539/citizen_q/game%20screenshots/arma2oa2012-06-1521-52-22-34.jpg ) . 
  the territory could be kinda like russia or scandinavia during winter , snowy but still some vegetation , unlike esamir that 's just snow and ince . 
  people are already messing with the graphic settings to get an artificial advantage , like not being as affected by smoke , dust , weather and flora . 
  should we then remove dust , smoke and vegetation from the game since these things give an unfair advantage to some people ? 
  actually increasing brightness and gamma in arma 2 , or at least in dayz does kinda work . 
  it wo n't turn night into day ( unless there 's moonlight ) but it can at least help you see your buddy who is 10 meters in front of you . 
  but otherwise i agree with you . 
  well one thing they could ( and should ) do is add a flare launcher as a rail attachment for about 50 certs to some carbines and assault rifles . 
  maybe even an illumination flare to the esfs . 
  that way people could fire 15 seconds of daylight over the battlefield ( and get some sort of illumination assits ) which should also make the game too bright for anyone with max brightness . 
  maybe so , but i could imagine using the fullauto scout rifles as engineer . 
  with ammo boxes one of its major weaknesses become irrelevant and it could be a decent compromise between a carbine and battle rifle . 
  though tbh , legion being the camera in the `` normandyyy '' scene would make me laugh . 
  i 've used the vs auto scout rifle quite a lot lately , mostly because i wo n't get an smg until 3x sc . 
  what i have found is that once i got both the foregrip and compensator , the damn thing became kinda decent . 
  it 's still outclassed at short range by most carbines , lmgs etc , but it can be extremely accurate at long range . 
  if i had access to it as an engineer , i could imagine myself using it when i know i 'll be fighting at longer range but still want to have a chance in short range unlike a battle rifle . 
  i can also imagine engineers using the semi auto scout rifle when they 're just hanging around a bunch of has and infiltrator for resupply points but also want to join in on the sniping . 
  but yeah , a larger magazine would make it a lot better , or at least a damage increase to 167 instead of 143 . 
  yeah , i actually hope it hits within visual range of curiosity , but far enough not to do any damage . 
  just imagine the footage of the impact , from ground level compared to footage from earth or a sattelite . 
  iirc , there were quite a lot of talk about when jupiter was hit and all anyone really saw was some flashes of light . 
  something like that would make astronomers shit their pants in joy . 
  a larger cone of fire , larger aoe , more aoe damage , larger clip . 
  all those things would really help the banshee . 
  i would rather completely change how carrier pets are launched . 
  rather than having to manually launch them all the time , it should be more of a toggle on/off ability . 
  when activated , it will launch one wing of fighters/ships , then it will launch them individually every x seconds until you have two full wings . 
  everytime a pet is destroyed a new one will automatically be launched unless it 's still on a cooldown from a previous launch . 
   good luck finding a non-rio pub server, 
  i just ran my 4 platinum pubs on glacier , fbw , hydra and giant and did n't see a single lobby with rio . 
  so i just completed the insanity challenge and i 'm confused . 
  according to [ this ] ( http://blog.bioware.com/tag/me3operation/ ) post we 're supposed to get up to 3 commendation packs . 
  assuming that the gift pack was the first one , i only got 2 packs . 
  it could be because i completed the normal and insanity challenge at the same time . 
  i would just like to know if anyone else encountered this problem .
