  secondly , i wish we had some sort of `` local realm divide '' . 
  like the factions in a region ( france , africa , etc ) realizing that even though they did n't like the factions you just steamrolled you 're not gon na stop there and instead of going `` yay , rome killed the arverni '' they would go , `` oh fuck , we 're next '' and try to gang up on you . 
  could be as simple as a diplomatic penalty if you expand to much/fast in their area ( unless maybe if you 're from there ) . 
  depends on the situation and the level of the general . 
  sometimes i use low level generals as semi-disposable units since if they die i 'll get a new unit after the battle . 
  egypt , carthage and parthia are ( imo ) best for this with their elephants and royal cataphracts . 
  otherwise i tend to prefer infantry generals and put them behind my infantry line to boost morale , use abilties and deal with any leaks/holes . 
   every few years means he 's dishing out atleast 25k every turn to his allies, 
  huh ? 
  since when did `` every few years '' = 3 years ? 
  maybe it 's 20 . 
  every 20 years would mean he gives out 3,75 k per turn to each ally . 
  iirc , they only talked about barbarians getting access to better ships this way . 
  imo , the ais management of food and po should n't be `` that hard '' to fix . 
  if they have less food than a new building will cost , they should n't build it . 
  like this, 
  if ( `` building food cost ''  food ), 
  then do n't build the fucking building !, 
  same for po . 
  then if they go negative food because they lost a settlement or something , they should instantly destroy some buildings and/or stop taxing some provinces . 
  also , why ca n't we trade food ? 
  if i have a huge food surplus i should be able to trade it with other factions ( assuming a trade route is possible ) in exchange for ... stuff . . or just as a gift to my starving friends . 
   also which type of missle infantry is the best ? 
  none of them . 
  javelin/peltasts have the best damage and armor piercing but suffer from very short range which means they have to get extremely close to the enemy . 
  they 're usually best for skirmishing the enemy ( run up , throw spears and run away ) and for dealing with heavy infantry , heavy cavalry tied up in melee and elephants ( at least my elephants tend to turn into hedgehogs if they get too close to javelins ) . 
  slingers have the best range , decent ap but does kinda crap damage . 
  they 're also bad ( or unable ) to fire over other units . 
  archers have decent damage and decent range but very low ap . 
  very useful vs lighter enemies like other range units or low tier stuff in general . 
  the problem for me was that i knew there was an ability that did that ( since the ai does it to me all the time ) but i could n't figure out which one . 
  imagine using two spies to constantly wreck the baggage train and poison the provisions . 
  could be something from parthias exotic animals building chain and/or egypts range/merc chain . 
  rome could get them by building a tier 4 auxiliary barrack in some african province or something like that . 
  nah man , deer cavalry would have like 5 in morale . 
  moose cavalry on the other hand . 
  could be some unique units for a germanic faction . 
  resistant to cold , powerful charge , extremely unhistorical , plenty of health , scares ~ ~ horses ~ ~ everything . 
  indeed . 
  maybe they could add a special instant crap-ram ( aka , a log ) for those that does n't want to wait . 
  smashing through a gate with it would take forever and it would n't give any protection to the operators , but it would take 0 turns to build . 
  well maybe they should reduce it a bit but i do n't think they should remove it . 
  afaik , attrition when besieging is n't from a lack of food but rather from the defenders taking random potshots at your troops for an entire year . 
  imo , after reaching a certain amount of injuries you should be forced to heal/repair yourself before you can join any public stuff . 
  i do n't understand why they did n't use the system from m2 where you had x build points per turn ( depending on army and modifiers ) and different siege stuff cost different amount of points . 
   does armor gradually degrade as it gets hit with projectiles ? 
  armor piercing simply means that a higher % of the damage is capable of passing through the armor . 
  if you hover over the damage stat of a unit you 'll get a popup with the base damage and the ap damage . 
  ap damage is n't reduced by the armor of the target while normal damage is . 
  ie , damage done = ap damage + ( normal damage * armor modifier ) . 
   i do n't really get what most people mean when they say soften them up . 
  i think they mean inflicting casualties , causing injuries and reducing morale so the enemies will be easier for your other units to deal with . 
  creepy hugo weaving !, 
  oh wait , that 's just hugo weaving . 
   or take a walled city ? 
  [ well there was this one time . 
  ] ( http://cloud-2.steampowered.com/ugc/919023299323209588/84db83eac6c8aace74786eb7314832a17505b07e/ ), 
  think of it like this . 
  ( just making up numbers btw ), 
  archers : 5 ap , 8 normal , 13 total . 
  38 % of total damage is ap damage . 
  slingers : 5 ap , 5 normal , 10 total . 
  50 % of total damage is ap damage . 
  now let 's say the target has 50 % damage reduction from its armor . 
  archers would do 5 + ( 8 * 0,5 ) = 9 damage . 
  31 % damage reduction . 
  slingers would do 5 + ( 5 * 0,5 ) = 7,5 damage . 
  25 % damage reduction . 
   causing injuries, 
  i would be satisfied if we could just turn off guard mode . 
  it being on by default i 'm kinda fine with ( since 99 % of the time i want it on ) but i wa n't the damn ability to disable it to make sure my units wo n't just stand still in front of some peltasts because they do n't have a target . 
  well that tab does n't even show up . 
  i know it 's supposed to be there and i 've played custom battles where i had that tab but i 've ever seen it in the campaign even though the settlement claims i will get the garrison wall-artillery . 
  this . 
  fots is pretty much my favorite tw game . 
  it 's like a more polished e : tw with some old s2 units mixed in ( which means you can go old school with swords and bows if you want ) and , imo , better naval combat . 
  my biggest issue is the ais tendency to spam ships and bombard everything they can along your coast and the opness of artillery . 
  ikko ikki for s2 is also awesome since it 's such a different faction compared to the rest . 
  you have different ashigaru ( peasant/militia/levy ) units than the other factions ( worse but bigger groups ) and a unique sword ashigaru unit which is very handy since swords   spears when fighting infantry . 
  you also have ronins instead of samurais ( better but smaller groups ) and better warrior monks . 
  your monk agents are also special since they have the ability to incite ikko ikki rebellions and if the rebels succeed in capturing the city , you 'll get it and any surviving units . 
  the hattori clan is also kinda fun since their special thing is that all their units are ninjas . 
  this means that you can deploy your units anywhere outside the enemies deployment zone . 
  the downside is that all your units cost like 25-33 % more in recruitment and upkeep cost . 
   why doesnt the ai ever become powerful ? 
  that 's extremely random . 
  in my pontus campaign , the arverni had conquered regions all the way to greece and allied themselves with the yellow steppe nomads ( budini ? ), 
  who had conquered most of the north-eastern regions and were now both decending on my empire . 
  so together they basically owned all of france , germany , poland and the other eastern regions . 
  one of the african tribes had conquered most ( if not all ) of africa and was fighting against the seleucids over the arabian peninsula . 
  macedon had conquered most of greece after taking out epirus and having a strange war against sparta ( at one point sparta owned pella and athen , athen owned larissa and macedon owned sparta . ), 
  and then decided to declare war on me as well since i had been friend with sparta . 
  well it was n't that nice . 
  sure i liked the fact that the ai had become a real threat but when they decided to invade me with about 15 full stacks at the same time it we n't from `` oh cool '' to `` oh god why !? 
  tier 2-3 barracks ( want good units asap ) --  dignitary ( like to keep one in my main army ) --  military harbor ( unless unlocked by previous techs ) --  public order/cultural conversion ( makes conquering easier ) --  siege stuff ( mostly for armor upgrades but the other bonuses are also nice ), 
  then i just tech whatever i feel like . 
  iirc , they 've said that 's not supposed to happen and that it 's simply a bug . 
  [ link for the lazy ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gustavus_adolphus_of_sweden ), 
  and do n't forget his title '' the father of modern warfare '' . 
  i remember that as well .
