  skip one of the tracked rapiers . 
  maybe get a mortar instead or use the points to get the logi helo . 
  do n't upvet your tanks so much . 
  the ability to replace your challenger 2    the minor bonuses you get from one extra veterancy rank . 
  put one of your recon infantry in a ground transport . 
  less upvetting of your planes as well . 
  basically something like this, 
  yeah, 
  and iirc some mgs have both the cqc and stat tags . 
  actually some historians are kinda skeptical about h\u00e4yh\u00e4s kill-count . 
  they could rarely confirm the kills and it was also possible for several observers to report the same kill which could result in it being counted several times . 
  combine that with the need for some good propaganda and you could end up with a +700 kill god of war . 
  [ and one of the men who authorized it later became prime minister of israel . 
  imo they should add a t5/t6 conny except it would have the exact same stats as the t1 conny but with a lvl 50/60 lvl requirement and a 2500 zen price-tag . 
  avre/cevs are incredible in maps with a lot of forests . 
  get 1-2 of them + a recon unit with very good/exceptional optics and put them about 1-1 ,5 km from the forest edge . 
  any infantry unit that shows its face will get blown up almost instantly . 
  i 've seen 2 komandosi squads get taken out in one salvo by 2 avres . 
   lack of 10 pt wheels hurts them . 
  personally i find blufors general lack of wheeled transports with decent weapons to hurt a lot more than ddrs lack of 10pt tin-cans . 
  i do . 
  1 ap + the [ ke ] tag makes it fucking evil against targets with low armor like the standard 10pt tin-can transports . 
  afaik the only way to do that is by buying contraband ( which you can [ turn in for dilithium ] ( http://sto.gamepedia.com/assignment:_turn_over_confiscated_contraband ) ) and prisoners ( that you can sell as slave labor as kdf ) . 
  possibly also colonists but those are easy to get so you probably should n't need to buy them . 
  read the [ farming guide ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/sto/wiki/farming ) for more info . 
  visste inte att det var en svensk grej s\u00e5 jag googlade `` swedish hug '' och hittade en [ the local artikel ] ( http://www.thelocal.se/20140325/i-cant-embrace-swedes-obsession-with-the-hug ) om det. 
  imo howitzers are useful for sniping priority targets . 
  mortars are very nice but howitzers do have some advantages when it comes to range and damage . 
  pretty much every time i 've used a deck with no arty i 've regretted it a lot . 
  there are few things in wargame as frustrating as being hit by artillery without being able to strike back . 
  the caesar , paladin , as-90 and both mstas all have 10s aim time and are very accurate which makes them very useful for counter artillery or quickly removing a cv or aa unit . 
  for me these are pretty much mandatory if available . 
  if those are n't available i tend to bring a card of 203mm howitzers ( or similar ) to fill this role . 
  not nearly as good as the above but i still find them useful enough . 
  cvs and aa do n't tend to move a lot so the 30s aim-time is n't that bad . 
  and ofc any time i play as sweden or scandinavia i 'll bring 2 cards of bkan and 2 fobs . 
  4-6 of these will enable you to pretty much remove any soft target in a fairly large area . 
  protip , if you 're not actually gon na link something , make a text post instead . 
  and to answer your question , because they are usually really good , tend to have some special item/ability and the supply is pretty low . 
  i only get that many when i play those long 10v10 games and i never start with any bkans . 
  usually i get them at least 15-20 minutes into the game when i have a lot of unused points to spend . 
  and so far i do n't think i 've ever lost a bkan to a gunship . 
  when i do lose them it 's usually to a smerch or similar and that only happens when they refuse to fast move ( i hate that bug ) or the enemy have recon around . 
  [ yeah i tend to do stuff like that myself ] ( http://i.imgur.com/iac3xkm.png ), 
  the problem with gunships is that it 's pretty easy to simply take them out with a fighter and most of them are as sneaky as a neon-pink elephant . 
  did he bring any other helicopters or was it just a ton of hogs ? 
  spamming cheap gunships can actually be surprisingly effective as long as you have a bunch of recon and atgm helicopters to support them . 
  first of all be careful with the upvetting . 
  * logistics, 
  command inf in a heli transport as your only cv is imo probably not a very good idea . 
  i would recommend replacing it with something like a basic jeep cv . 
  i also think you should get a logistic helicopter unless you plan on playing on nothing but small maps . 
  * infantry, 
  o ___ o get cheaper transports !!, 
  you also do n't have any line infantry in a wheeled transport . 
  imo that 's pretty much a must have for most decks . 
  my advice would be to put the lstr-40 in a spw-70 or similar . 
  and unless you really like the mi-24d i would suggest you put the komandosi in some cheaper helicopter . 
  maybe replace the ags-17 as well . 
  i 'm not really sure if they 're worth it when you only have 5 infantry slots . 
  imo you 'd probably be better of with another card of some line infantry . 
  * support, 
  replace the strop-1 with pretty much anything . 
  i would probably recommend the ddr tunguska or the strop 2 . 
  replace the dana with the ddr msta . 
  it has 10s aim-time instead of 30s which imo makes it a lot more useful . 
  * tanks, 
  do you really need that many tanks ? 
  skip one of the t-72s and get a logistic helo with the points instead . 
  * recon, 
  3 cards of recon infantry is probably a bit excessive unless you 're making a motorized deck . 
  i would remove at least one and i would probably not use the mi-24d . 
  i would also replace the svatava with ... whatever the thing with wheels and exceptional optics is called . 
  * vehicles, 
  looks good so far . 
  though it might be a bit redundant to have the zsu-57 , to-55 and pram-s . 
  as i 've already mentioned you should be careful with upvetting . 
  * planes, 
  need more planes !, 
  if you 've removed one recon infantry and one vehicle you should have 5 points to spend . 
  get the east german asf ( mig-29 something iirc ) and the atgm plane with f&f missiles . 
  and mmmaybe use something better than the dolphin . 
   as an infantry card they look pretty unremarkable , even for their price . 
  well they kinda are . 
  it 's just that ( iirc ) they 're the only way you can get ifvs ( and you usually want some ifvs ) without having to also get some shitty 10pt regular infantry . 
  good infantry + good transports for a decent price in just one card is a pretty nice combination . 
  first of all ( at least imo ) you should always try to spend all your activation points . 
  i know it 's just 1 but it 's still a bit of a waste . 
  * infantry, 
  imo , put the riflemen in some sort of bradley variant . 
  you could use something with an autocannon ( especially to support all those tanks ) and it never hurts to have more atgms . 
  i would also recommend getting a 5th card of infantry somehow . 
  some marines 90 in a lvtp-7a1 could be very useful for forest and urban combat . 
  * support, 
  imo having both the paladin and atacm is kinda redundant . 
  personally i would remove the atacm since it ca n't hurt infantry , consume a lot of supplies and take forever to reload . 
  * tanks, 
  mmmmaybe replace one m1ip with a starfish or similar . 
  the 20mm autocannon and the high he of the main gun makes them pretty handy vs infantry . 
  * planes,
