  i 'm like 99 % sure it 's the mast of the left ship . 
  if you do n't want slums and ca n't afford to make buildings then do n't make empty building slots . 
  quick , someone make a mod so we can get the ollam ri of wisdom as the wre or ere !, 
  yeah but that corruption and upkeep bonus would be very very useful for governing thracia . 
  they basically just gave the radio operator a second set of controls so he could drive the tank while retreating , allowing it to drive backwards at full speed while keeping the thicker front-armor towards the enemy . 
  * both the amx 13 variants . 
  cheap little shit tanks with very very high rof . 
  one of the best units for defending in areas with a lot of forests and/or buildings . 
  combined them with some recon and they can do horrible things to flanking infantry . 
  * any 15pt transport with a 14.5 mm hmg or better . 
  totally worth 5 more points to upgrade from a worthless tin-can on wheels to what is almost a wheeled ifv with an autocannon . 
  * basically any helicopter that cost less than 50 points . 
  * the nk vtt-323 with aa missiles . 
  once you 've spammed enough of them you create a no-fly zone protecting your glorious nk infantry blob against evil napalm bombers . 
  maybe autolabor or something like that is enabled ? 
  in version 40 . xx sieges were kinda changed ( they must now travel through the world instead of just spawning ) and unfortunately usually takes much longer before appearing . 
  from my own experience you should either make a fort really really close to the goblins or if you want a bigger challenge , in the neighborhood of a necromancer tower . 
  except for upright spear/spikes yes , they trigger by themselves . 
  imo you should make a gorn someday . 
  you ca n't mimic them with aliens and they can make almost any costume look awesome . 
  in the lnp launcher iirc . 
  i 've messed around with unkillable parts a bit and from what i can tell , normal hair and skin can be killed but not `` body-part-specific '' stuff like head skin . 
  basically , when killed , the undead hair and skin will often turn into smaller pieces that if resurrected can not be killed except by atom smashing and magma . 
  i 've used this to train my militia or generally just mess around and trust me , the damn things wo n't die . 
  crits , crits and more crits !, 
  romulan operatives for everyone !, 
   i 'm probably blind . 
  probably, 
   q : what happens if i create a delta recruit , but do not complete all of the listed tasks ? 
   a : once a delta recruit completes their special tutorial and receives their `` tesseract communications device '' they will be free to complete the assigned tasks at any point in the future . 
  although delta recruit characters can only be created while the event is running , there is no time limit on the completion of the tasks , or their associated rewards . 
  well you could just delete that character if something like a gamma recruitment comes up . 
  if you have the dlc i would say the langobards . 
  their clubmen are really really tanky , the wolf-dudes are pretty nice light aggressive shock infantry and their godansmen/godans chosen are basically berserkers with armor . 
  well maybe he wants to make more than one gamma recruit . 
  all i 'm saying is that there 's no reason not to make a delta recruit now since he can just delete the character later on to use that character slot . 
  i kinda wish `` of bajor '' could be completed with doff assignments . 
  like if each of the mini objectives also had an optional assignment attached that you could run instead of doing it manually . 
  fix plants ? 
  send a botanist . 
  holodeck problems ? 
  send broccoli !, 
  though ofc what i would like the most is a completely revamped cardassian arc that does n't have of bajor at all . 
  maybe when they add the gamma quadrant/dominion rep grind/playable cardassian faction ( in some order ) they 'll redo the cardassian missions as well . 
  i would recommend against starting as the romans since they 're the hardest factions at the start . 
  you start with big bloated empires with enemies everywhere and insane corruption and have to fight defensive siege battles all the bloody time . 
  if you do n't want to start as a barbarian faction , start as the sassanids . 
  imo they 're so easy it 's almost boring ( so much money ! ), 
  but that might be a good thing for learning how to manage stuff like politics , governors , squalor/sanitation etc etc. 
   but if you mismanage your politics , you could definitely encounter some uncomfortable problems . 
  yeah ... 
  my latest campaign was as the wre i ended up with a long and bloody civil war because i promoted someone . 
  this resulted in a governor getting the `` office given to subordinate '' thing which gave him -3 loyalty and made him rebel against me . 
  being in a civil war decreases the loyalty of all characters by 1 , losing a battle against the separatists decreases it by 1 more . 
  now half of my generals and governors had 3 or less in loyalty and a few more armies and regions joined the separatists . 
  40-50 turns of civil war in your core provinces is not a good thing when barbarians are attacking from everywhere and rebellions are popping up here and there ... 
  afaik the ranking system is determined by their level and maybe their influence ( i assume level takes priority so that a lvl 5 general with 100 influence outrank a lvl 5 general with 50 influence but a lvl 6 general with 20 influence outrank them both ) . 
  some offices are pretty handy though ( i think the huns had some pretty nice bonuses ) but yeah , offices can be a real clusterfuck to deal with , at least when you 're a big empire with 20-25 characters . 
  edit : a post on the forums said that the loyalty penalty seems to be based on the difference in rank between the promoted character and the offended character eg , if you promote a lvl 2 general your lvl 6 general could suffer a -4 loyalty penalty from it if he 's without an office . 
  there are already some missions that contain doff assignments . 
  there are some optional doff assignments in second wave ( iirc repair shons ship for fed and plant spy stuff for kdf ) and you have to repair something with an assignment in one of the missions on that desert planet i 'd rather forget . 
  an `` apprentice system '' for all generals and agents . 
  basically , after reaching a certain age and level , generals and agents should start getting apprentices . 
  like a spy might pick up a young thief and a general would have his staff and other officers/nobles . 
  the idea would be that these apprentices would kinda be there in the background as potential characters and gain xp . 
  possibly they would get the same skills as you choose for their mentor as well ( minus a few levels ) but random traits . 
  eventually they would be added to the list of candidates/recruitable agents as mid-level ( lvl 2-5 ) characters . 
  the idea is that this could kinda counter the short life-span of characters like in rome 2 without making characters live extremely long like in medieval 2 ( where they aged 0,5 years every 2 years ) . 
  instead they would simply help train their own replacements . 
  dig downwards and prepare your defenses . 
   marked as non trainable under the wiki , but i 've had no difficulty training them, 
  do you really mean training them or just taming them ? 
  cause trainable means that the animal can be trained as a hunting and/or war animal , like dogs . 
  i 've had a somewhat similar idea for the upgrade system . 
  i really dislike when a replacement unit is something completely different , different traits , abilities , weapons etc. 
  in those cases i think there should be an option to choose a replacement that 's basically just a better version of the old unit . 
  foe example the barbarian raider skirmisher dudes that get upgraded into a skirmisher cavalry unit . 
  there should be an option to replace them with an veteran/elite/armored / etc infantry version instead in case you do n't want them to turn into cavalry , but you ca n't change your mid later on without loading/restarting . 
  no , i 'm saying that you should n't start by playing as the romans since they have the hardest initial difficulties . 
  it 's goblins all the way down !, 
  what do you mean ? 
  this is the embark site a few seconds after embarking . 
  i decided to retire the fortress for the time being ( 0 fps is n't very playable ) so i guess we could call it a draw . 
  i did n't see any military goblins in the list but i guess 2200 sets of clothes + some picks and axes could have been useful , if this fort had been playable that is . 
  i promise i 'll upload it tomorrow ( do n't have access to that computer atm ) . 
  though tbh unless some of you have access to some super-computers i 'm not really sure what good it will do you . 
  yeah one of the recent 40 . xx versions enabled 1x1 embarks which i have become kinda fond of due to the challenge , high fps and hunting-shenanigans ( marksdwarves in a central tower can basically cover the entire 48x48 tile map ) . 
   is it still bugged out such that when the last surface animal/monster that spawns in a group has been killed/caught , it instantly spawns another ? 
  yup , but for me that 's part of the fun . 
  when the entire embark is 48x48 tiles there 's nowhere to run really so hunters with some animals have it pretty easy and if you make a tower in the middle with fortifications and marksdwarves you can easily deal with most of the birds . 
  the caves are also more fun when you basically get an endless onslaught of cave creatures to fight/hunt/capture / tame . 
  yeah my current goal is to catch and breed cave dragons but until then giant cave swallows , giant bats and jabberers are doing fine for dangerous hunting/war animals . 
  the rest end up as food and raw materials or they get sent into a pit of doom or used as target practice . 
  the standard ballistarii . 
  as the ere those guys were like 90 % of my defense against the eastern hordes . 
  with 65-100 damage and a ton of ammo they could get hundreds of kills in a siege defense ( record is over 1200 for one unit ) if in a good position . 
  the elite version is also nice but i kinda prefer the normal ones for their lower upkeep . 
  ironhand, 
  the fort is called asrerzuglar . 
  it 's one of the two inhabited forts in the list .
