  though tbh , it would be intresting if some existing weapons got a charge mechanic when using semi automatic , could be somewhat useful at long range . 
  i wish we could test camos and other cosmetic items in the vr . 
  it 's a [ federation dreadnought ] ( http://www.stowiki.org/federation_dreadnought ) . 
  iirc , they try not to use it anymore . 
  i guess i might just have been lucky but my sniper survived mortars , tanks , rocket barrages and all kinds of heavy firepower . 
  flamethrowers were never a problem because my infantry could just hold them of , at least long enough for me to pull back . 
  on the other hand i have also lost snipers to random mortars but i still think that if you just handle them with care they 're without a doubt worth the 360 manpower . 
  also , i agree about the snipers in scout cars . 
  it 's without a doubt one of my favorite tactics in 3v3 since it works extremely well as a mobile support unit or to hunt lone squads capturing territory . 
  tr would be the imperium in general and nc would n't be anything 40k at all . 
  if anything nc would be more like human orks with better designed equipment . 
  imo , the flash needs a few buffs , mostly mobility . 
  it should almost be like a harasser with all 3 chassis installed at the same time . 
  the general rule should be that the smaller the vehicle the greater the mobility . 
  it should simply be the most mobile of all ground vehicles , in every way . 
  secondly , we need to be able to look around more , 360 degrees in 3rd person view and about 270 degrees in 1st person view . 
  i can live with the small angle we can turn the gun ( though it would be nive with a buff there as well ) but i really need the ability to look around when i 'm driving . 
  [ i will destroy their minds and burn their bodies . 
  ] ( http://youtu.be/rf_3ztp4eg4?t=1m9s ), 
   reddit is so goddamn stupid sometimes . 
  ftfy, 
  people do this on every subreddit . 
  while i do agree that we should get something different for our `` special '' weapons , i have a different idea for what they should do with the chrage mechanic . 
  simply enable most vs weapons to charge up shots when using semi-auto ( not shotguns or snipers ) . 
  it shouldn ' y give any extra damage compared to the ammo used , but could give a projectile velocity buff . 
  it would n't be the defining vs thing but simply something neat we could do in long range combat . 
  even as someone who loves his cloaky flash , i can agree that cloak and weapons should be mutually exclusive . 
  also , the flash need something for the weapon slot that 's unlocked by default , like the fuel tanks for esfs , most things should be sidegrades after all . 
  the striker is kinda op , ** on paper ** . 
  5x500 damage means that it does more damage than any other launcher . 
  default launchers do 1700 damage , decimator 2000 , annihilator 1200 , normal lock-on launchers 1500 . 
  that does n't mean it 's actually op but it sure could look that way when you look at the [ speardsheet ] ( https://docs.google.com/spreadsheet/lv?key=0auoojvnlmapvdetiu1nkeneznzzoswnaanfqsuvxlwc&amp;f=true&amp;noheader=false&amp;gid=75 ) . 
  i agree that they should just remove the cert and refund people , but they should n't remove triage completely . 
  instead , give every medic triage 1 by default . 
  no upgrades avaliable or anything like that , it just becomes something included in the medic class . 
  i would personally love something like [ this ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/planetside/comments/1dcnud/idea_phantasm_gunship/ ) added to the game . 
  it could fill both the role of the old ps1 phantasm and the general role of a helicopter . 
  why not ? 
  it 's not like it 's impossible to make them balanced , if nothing else they could make them underpowered on purpose and then buff them bit by bit until they 're balanced . 
  i would personally love something like [ this ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/planetside/comments/1dcnud/idea_phantasm_gunship/ ) added to the game . 
  it could fill both the role of the old ps1 phantasm and the general role of a helicopter . 
  yeah , but no other vehicle in the game starts with an empty weapon slot . 
  they pretty much gave the esfs the fuel tanks just to put something in there , but they did n't give anything to the flash . 
  i guess it could give a defensive bonus like a fort , that way it would be easier to defend with a unit during a war . 
  imo , heavy tanks should have more than 3 seats . 
  they 're allready planning on adding special guns for mbts that will apparently require a dedicated gunner . 
  let 's say that a heavy tank had 4-5 seats , driver , main gunner , secondary gunner and then maybe two extra gunners on the sides . 
  also , to make sure that the driver does n't get too bored , he can have access to a forward facing gun , with similar options to the flash . 
  could possibly turn into a ps2 bandeblade but that does n't necessarily have to be a bad thing . 
   fs tanks, 
  i think he means mbts , or `` faction specific '' tanks, 
  well i guess it 's time to finally finish the romulan rep grind ... 
  sigh ... 
  they were apparently removed because almost no one bought them . 
  yes , or at least my camos work for all my characters . 
  a [ gunship/stealthy troop stransport ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/planetside/comments/1dcnud/idea_phantasm_gunship/ ), 
  imo , esfs should get bombs as their a2g weapon and rockets can be their all-purpose secondary weapon . 
  esfs with bombs equipped should also get faction specific stuka siren that starts screaming when you fly downwards fast enough . 
  well the orks are a bunch of warlike violent greedy anarchists with rough weapons that make a lot of noise ( louder = better ) just like the nc . 
  same goes for every politician . 
  fuck , i think i might know this guy , or he has a doppelganger . 
  the lib is a bit too big and sluggish for that role , if anything you should be able to turn it into a carpet bomber like the ps1 liberator . 
  yeah , pretty sure rank 1 smoke was 30s last time i checked . 
  when did i suggest cannons like a stuka ? 
  i said bombs !!!, 
  like a dive bomber !!!, 
  imo , this and normal triage could just be added as a default abilities for engineers and medics rather than being certs . 
  i wish we were able to just switch servers whenever we wanted so that we could all group together on a few servers during the off hours . 
  at least for a while since now there 's no continent locking and meta-game stuff but rather just a really really big tdm . 
  maybe , but from my experience of playing on us servers in other games , i 'd rather not . 
  also , this could possibly work as a temprorary solution to the server population imbalance problem . 
  let 's say you play tr and on miller and indar has over 35 % tr , then you would n't be allowed to go to indar , and if miller has over 35 % tr on all continents , then you 'd have to join another server , but you would still use the same character . 
  and as i said , this should only be until we get something like [ this ] ( http://wiki.planetsidesyndicate.com/index.php?title=galactic_lattice ) and other server-wide meta-game stuff . 
  because it 's accurate and does n't have any damage falloff at all . 
  well my point was that they should n't put it on the new faction specific weapons but rather on weapons like the pulsar c and the beamer . 
  the new weapons should have something different but i think that the charge mechanic could be useful to spice up the weapons we already have . 
  maybe so , but there 's still no way to capture and lock continent and then proceed to the next continent . 
  all we can really do is reach the enemy warpgate , camp it for a while , maybe go to the other continents and then two hours later we 're back where we started . 
  it 's just an endless tug of war and sure there are different tactics that can be used in this tug of war , but it does n't lead anywhere . 
  what are the requirements to get these items ? 
  if i resubscribed now , would i be able to get them and the gnosis ? 
  edit : fuck it , i 'm coming back . 
  would be intresting if there were more means of exploration , maybe through trade and tourism in bnw . 
  traders and tourists bringing information about other places until eventually you get into contact with other civs . 
  yeah , but would i have to have been subbed before a certain date ? 
  yeah , but at least trade would probably happen long before that , also , tourism and trade should n't just introduce other civs but ( very ) slowly but surely explore the map . 
  no , i just think the esfs would make better dive bombers than the lib because they 're fast and agile and the lib is like a flying freight container . 
  the lib should be a carpet bomber and oblitera clusters of enemies while the esfs should come flying downwards , afterburners on and stuka sirens screeching doing high-precision bombings against more specific targets . 
  i guess [ fighter bomber ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fighter-bomber ) would be the term i was actually looking for . 
  i guess i just said drive bomber because i wanted esfs to have something like the stuka siren . 
  well we pretty much have the same situation with rockets , and at least bombs would be kinda hard to use unlike the point-and-click rocketpods . 
  how about giving them an 7 day 50 % xp boost or something when they start so they can earn their certs a bit faster . 
  that way they would still get extra certs in the beginning but they would still have to work for them and not get them for free . 
  boot.ini iirc, 
  well it could be a 7 day boost that they can activate whenever they want . 
  that way they can figure stuff out and then activate their boost . 
  also , maybe soe could add a 50 % discount on weapon attachments for the default weapons so it 's easier to upgrade these . 
  while this wo n't solve the problem or help op , i think the community should really try to make sure that new european players make soe accounts instead of prosieben accounts . 
  it 's as simple as going to www.soe.com and making an account there ( unless something has changed ) . 
  www.planetside2.com redirects you to www.planetside2.eu but www.soe.com does not .
