  ] ( http://31.media.tumblr.com/a2f3b2122488833281cca96aff3a6165/tumblr_mmeyha3o9w1s123tlo2_1280.png ), 
  quark : just like the federation . 
  well this will be interesting . 
  i guess it 's time to start experimenting with the more situational traits . 
  and my ground warfare dude can get some space traits again !, 
  an update on the summer reprocessing changes, 
  iirc , they have said that anyone with reputation or trait respec tokens will get `` something '' when the update comes . 
   power insulators of course also reduce the drain . 
  i 'm pretty sure power insulation only reduce power ( and shield ) drain from enemy abilities and stuff like that , like tykens rift and tachyon beam . 
   i 've managed to get the mercenaries upkeep sometimes lower than those of the similar `` standard '' units . 
  i 've actually managed to remove the upkeep cost of mercenaries completely for an army . 
  a high level dignitary + a general specced for cunning + military research + carthage = \u2265 100 % mercenary upkeep reduction . 
  i basically just spammed the best mercenaries i could get my hands on and would often just merge units together after a battle to create room for new ones instead of waiting for replendishment . 
  though tbh , 0 upkeep is n't really that useful since they 'll be cheap enough long before you reach that point . 
  they 're mercenaries that you can recruit anywhere . 
  no matter if you 're in africa , persia , britain or germany , you 'll have access to numidian noble cavalry , baeleric slingers etc etc. 
  once you have enough income/upkeep reduction to field a lot of mercs , this is extremey powerful . 
  just lost 1/3rd of your units and the other 2/3 are at half strenght and you 're in enemy territory ? 
  merge the wounded units and replace all your losses with new mercs . 
  you can win by attrition even when attacking simply because you can instantly replace all your losses every single turn . 
   that they may be getting nerfed, 
  well not really . 
  the 2-piece set bonus `` autonomous regeneration sequencer '' has a 2 % chance of activating a pretty powerful hull repair when you took damage . 
  the amount of hull it repaired was affected by the amount of hull the ship had and so it was much more effective from cruisers , carriers and other tanky ships . 
  apparently this was not intentional so now they 're fixing the repair proc so it 's equally effective for all ships . 
  i would recommend carthage . 
  by combining their faction bonus , some military research and a decent dignitary , mercenaries can actually get really cheap in terms of upkeep . 
  it 's even possible to reduce their upkeep by 100 % though that 's not really necessary . 
  the ability to actually use a lot of mercenaries without completely draining your economy means that you basically have a lot more unit diversity than any other faction . 
  you also have a pretty large roster of mercs that you can recruit anywhere . 
  this includes some really good units like baelaric slingers ( second best in game ) , numidian noble cavalry and noble fighters . 
  it 's like a tier 4 barrack on wheels following your army . 
  you also do n't have to wait for unit replendishment as much . 
  just merge some units together and hire new mercs to fill the empty slots . 
  the main problem is that carthage has the shitties start position in the game and you 'll probably be fighting wars on all fronts after just a few turns . 
  indeed . 
  gladiators should basically be treated as slow melee cavalry . 
  charge ion . 
  because of the charge meter there was n't enough room for the whole name . 
  it 's an ion weapon that by not firing for a while you can charge , enabling you to fire a burst of ion balls instead of one at a time . 
  that 's kinda how i defeated the boss the first time . 
  engi type a with 2x ion blast ii and 1x some other ion weapon + beam and combat drones, 
  poor flagship did n't stand a chance, 
  the game is free2play nowdays so you do n't even have to subscribe to play . 
  subscribtion just gives you some bonuses . 
   this time is not dependent on consecutive days . 
  for example , if you subscribed for 60 days and canceled your subscription , then reactivated your subscription two weeks later , the first day you are back will count as day 61 . 
  as mentioned you 've already listed the important ones . 
  antimatter spread can be pretty useful . 
  it 's basically a big aoe placate . 
  handy when you 're trying to complete some objective and do n't want to be interrupted ( like closing mirror universe rifts ) . 
  subspace jumper is nice for anything using dual cannons . 
  it teleports you 3km behind the target , poiting towards it . 
  care to explain why ? 
  i think it 's awesome and i even got my second victory ( yes i suck ) with it . 
  the flak arty do a lot of damage and you have an `` infinite '' supply of zoltan suicide bombers to throw at the enemy . 
  only real problem is if you run into a ship with zoltan shields or some auto-scout before you have a weapon . 
  hmmm, 
  some kind of speedy cruiser ? 
  i guess we 'll find out more in june . 
  and really ? 
  smokestacks ? 
  ion weapons are so damn good . 
  reminds me of my first victory . 
  engi a cruiser with 2x ion blast ii , 1x heavy ion , 2x combat drone i , 1x beam drone i and a drone recovery arm . 
  every battle was bascially just `` target shields , target weapons , target oxygen , release the swarm '', 
  i know that . 
  i saw the mision pod . 
  but still ... 
  yeah but in the time it takes to kill them with boarders and an un-upgraded flak arty , they can do a lot more damage than they should be allowed to . 
   plus the satchel charge camping/arc mines on the flag . 
  this can be really annoying but there is a pretty easy and reliable counter . 
  throw an arc grenade , stachel charges and arc mines go boom , you swoop in and take the flag . 
  i think they 've changed the unlock system so that you can also unlock ships by beating the flagship with the previous ship ( engi unlocks fed , fed unlocks zoltan etc ), 
  do n't think anyone mentioned this yet, 
  autofire, 
  you can right click on a weapon ( hotbar or the weapon box ) to put it on autofire ( the symbol becomes green ) . 
  then go into controls and choose the way you want autofire to work . 
  personally i prefer `` non-combat cancels '' because that way i just have to keep targeting stuff while in combat but i wo n't automatically start a new fight afterwards simply by targeting something . 
  i would n't recomment using autofire for your secondary attack in ground combat and depending on your build , it can be worth it to have torpedos and mines on manual . 
  most people know about this but i figured it 's worth mentioning , just in case . 
  by coincidence ( i swear ) , the entire crew of my gorn character is made up of gorns and female orions . 
  that character also happens to be wearing a pink/grey tuxedo ( < 3 formal clothing on kdf characters ), 
  because of this , that character basically looks like a gorn mobster/pimp together with his `` employees '' . 
  another character basically has a crew made up of different versions of herself . 
  human female engineer captain with a of human females and because i 'm lazy i just copied the captain and changed the hair , skincolor and uniform . 
  tbh , i am tempted to just make them completely identical . 
  iirc , they did say in the devblog and in the threads about this that they are in fact considering both lp stores and loot drops as sources for ship skins . 
  for example the police comet is an lp store item . 
  and remember that currently this is just a test to see if people are interested . 
  personally i think ( or at least hope ) that if/when they implement a `` proper '' system , most faction skins will be avaliable in lp stores or as drops and the nex store will be used for `` special '' skins , like neon-pink , zebra patterns , goonswarm-bee stripes etc etc. 
  i mean , [ the skins are already there ] ( http://www.caldariprimeponyclub.com/ ) so unless ofc they 'll make them cross-faction ( khanid skin on gallente ships for example ) they just need to implement it in a better way ( they have mentioned paintjob rig slots ), 
   nope if you lose the base you lose . 
  where did it even say that !, 
  well it does say `` x turns until base is destroyed '' or something like that on the jump map . 
   why did the repair station just disappear ?!, 
  because the rebels slowly capture the systems one by one . 
  you can see that a system is about to be captured because it will be flashing red on the map . 
  indeed . 
  unless the russians go full retard and decide that nuclear war would be a good idea they would ( most likely ) not win against the eu .
