  * mosin-nagant m91, 
  * mosin-nagant m91 `` dragoon '', 
  * mosin-nagant m07 carbine, 
  * mosin-nagant m91/30, 
  * mosin-nagant m38 carbine, 
  * mosin-nagant m44 carbine, 
  * mosin-nagant m59 carbine, 
  it 's probably because players are the only dangerous thing left in dayz , so people who want some risk/danger tend to go around and try to get into a fight . 
  sometimes they 'll get bored and shoot newspawns just for shits and giggles . 
  [ final stage ] ( http://images.wikia.com/half-life/en/images/7/7e/ep_end_23.jpg ), 
  it 's a combine advisor , seen briefly in hl2 and episode 1 and several times in episode 2 . 
  go play those game now . 
  do n't worry , 99 % of the time werebeasts turn back to their normal non-threatening state before they manage to do anything to you . 
  this picture is cancer and so is op . 
  looks like the fourth to me . 
  well the nx-01 was n't a federation starship so it does n't count , and the 1701 refit is still the 1701 . 
  swords and other melee weapons . 
  some people claim it would be ridiculous but i believe it would just be 100 % awesome . 
  especially melee weapons and shields for maxs . 
  imagine you 're trying to push into a biolab but there 's just too many engineers ( and maybe some other classes ) camping every entrance . 
  so you and some friends get your max armors , sword in one hand and shield in other , get into those gravity left thingies and get on the landingpad . 
  you start running and use your max charge to close the final stretch as your shield provides protection from the hail of projectiles being fired at you ( something like 50-75 % damage reduction to the front ) and suddenly you 've reached the enemies , and while you 're low on health , they will have to either leave their position or die as you and your friends swing your swords around you like maniacs . 
  and while you 're doing this , some other guys your team has hopefully been able to get on the landingpad mostly untouched as the enemies are focusing on taking out your last bars of health . 
  vs should have some sort of katana style sword with a force field glowing purple and cyan . 
  maybe they found an alien sword ( ceremonial use or something ) and started making copies of it because every damn vanu soldier wanted one . 
  then they made a larger version because the max guys couldnt use the normal ones while like everyone else fanboying about alien weapons . 
  nc should have a giant version of their mag cutter . 
  their max sword would look like clouds sword from ff7 . 
  they would glow yellow an because magnetism and stuff ( how does it work ? ) . 
  maybe some nc max guy ( who was also an engineer ) decided that he was tired of running out of ammo and since he was already fighting at ranges 5-1 meters with his shotguns he came up with an idea , ripped the shield from a broken mana turret and fashioned himself a sword made out of broken magcutters and vanguard armor . 
  tr would have chainswords , that like nc look like large/huge versions of their knife , though in this case the ps1 knife . 
  maybe an officer wanted a sword becasue `` any officer who goes into action without his sword is improperly armed . '', 
  and had some really large chain blades made and then it caught on . 
  unlike the vs and nc swords it wouldnt glow but it would rather go wroom wroom . 
  iirc from the last time i saw it , yes . 
  well yes , but 40k did n't invent power armor or melee weapons so also no . 
  i thought [ this ] ( http://fc07.deviantart.net/fs70/f/2011/148/1/c/oh_by_nadiezda-d3hemxy.jpg ) was rapunzel as a man . 
  indeed . 
  we should have some extremely active mods/bots 24/7 that deletes everything with the punchline in the title that reaches the top 10-20 hot pages on / r/funny and ban the user who posted it . 
  not going to happen , but if it did , it would be glorious . 
  for kdf the pi canis daily is a very good source of dilithium . 
  you do the two pi canis repeatables , alpha and bravo that both gives you 960 dil each and have a 30m timer . 
  then you take the pi canis , path of the warrior daily , that gives you 2400 dil and all you have to do is complete every optional objective in the repeatable missions once , so if you happen to fail an optional objective you can just redo that specific mission . 
  then for even more dilithium , do the four empire defense dailies , all giving 1440 dilithium . 
  all this is pure space combat , all the pi canis missions are in the pi canis sector and all the empire defense missions are in the omega leonis sector block . 
  they could either have a health/ammo bad that decreases as the shield is hit or provide a damage reduction to everything that passes through it , let 's say 50-75 % effectively doubling or quadrupling the maxs effective health if he 's only attacked from the front . 
  tr squad and platoon leaders should get a commissar hat by default ince the squad/platoon is 6 + players . 
  platoon leaders should also get something like a black/dark grey coat . 
  nc would get something like [ this ] ( http://hypebeast.com/image/2008/04/nomadic-clot-military-cap-3.jpg ) an a cape for ther platoon leaders . 
  vs should have some sort of katana style sword with a force field glowing purple and cyan . 
  maybe they found an alien sword ( ceremonial use or something ) and started making copies of it because every damn vanu soldier wanted one . 
  then they made a larger version because the max guys couldnt use the normal ones while like everyone else fanboying about alien weapons . 
  nc should have a giant version of their mag cutter . 
  their max sword would look like clouds sword from ff7 . 
  they would glow yellow an because magnetism and stuff ( how does it work ? ) . 
  maybe some nc max guy ( who was also an engineer ) decided that he was tired of running out of ammo and since he was already fighting at ranges 5-1 meters with his shotguns he came up with an idea , ripped the shield from a broken mana turret and fashioned himself a sword made out of broken magcutters and vanguard armor . 
  tr would have chainswords , that like nc look like large/huge versions of their knife , though in this case the ps1 knife . 
  maybe an officer wanted a sword becasue `` any officer who goes into action without his sword is improperly armed . '', 
  and had some really large chain blades made and then it caught on . 
  unlike the vs and nc swords it wouldnt glow but it would rather go wroom wroom . 
  normal infantry swords should be like longer knives that can hit several opponents at the same time . 
  taking up the secondary weapon slot to compensate for the improved melee . 
  maxs could get both an ai and av melee , the ai behaving kinda like their smaller versions , hitting everything in an arc , though a larger one and with maybe a bit more damage , while the av would be some high damage single target melee that maybe debuffs vehicles with things like decreased max speed , turn rate , rof etc etc. 
  i also want bayonets as a rail attachment for most weaons . 
  same damage as the knife but with longer range and higher `` rof '' , alternativelt , higher damage , longer range and same/slower rof . 
  i bought the peregrine fighter and i 'd say it 's not worth the zen at all . 
  it 's nigh impossible to hit small things with the cannons so unless you 're just gon na use it against larger targets a beam shuttle would do more damage . 
  i 'd say if you want to dogfight , get a runabout and but a beam bank on it . 
  add an rcs console for extra agility and secondary weapon of your own choice . 
  nah , the combines are humans from the future , who with the use of technology eventually became so fat and lazy they became big flying lard sausages . 
  like 500 years after the end of [ this ] ( http://imgur.com/kxgwc ) gif . 
  itt : extreme circle-jerking, 
  edit : this thread was a lot more circle-jerky when i posted this than it is now . 
  two wrongs does n't make a right . 
  just because you concider religious people to be circle-jerking does n't mean you should . 
  it just makes you look bad , as pointed out in [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=slkulc8w7lm ) video . 
  besides , i 'm an atheist and i still find this to be a bunch of circle-jerking . 
  yes please !, 
  another game mode could be like superiority in world of warplanes ( minus the no-respawn ) where there are many smaller targets , like cargo ships , satellites , disabled warships etc etc to target . 
  and any big , slow target would make ships like the peregrine more useful since then they 'd have something they could actually hit with their dual cannons . 
  i love operation gamma ( except for the minigame and long cutscenes ) , what was it you did n't like about it ? 
  only time i had problems with the worker bees was the first time i ran operation gamma , mostly because i did n't notice them . 
  once i knew what they were and what they were doing i just killed them first , they die very easily . 
  if you have a boff with torpedo spread and a quantum torpedo you can pretty much kill all the worker bees as soon as the wave starts . 
  using two 250-360 degree beams and faw will also make quick work of them . 
  probably because we do n't hold these countries to the same standard as `` modern western '' countires . 
  for many it 's like , `` oh people x died in y ? 
  well does n't bother me since y is far away and such a horrible place to begin with '', 
  we 're simply desensitized to violence in places far away . 
  why would you do such a thing ? 
  go to a 2 month old thread and comment ? 
  why ? 
  that 's obviously a tng era worf from another timeline that somehow traveled into the future and into our timeline . 
  temoral rifts , temporal displacements , maybe his enterprise got stuck in the time loop in `` cause and effect '' longer than 17 days . 
  or it could be as simple as a transporter accident . 
  the possibilites are endless . 
  i think he says something about his father in the wolf 359 mission . 
  i 'll replay it later and come back with the results . 
  i 'm pretty sure that would be discord in mlp . 
  checked some youtube clip after hearing he was in it and discord was pretty much q in dragonform .
