  also , the h in strb 90 h stands for `` half '' because it can transport half a platoon ( 18 men ) . 
  so imo they should make two versions . 
  rename the current to something like strb 90 b ( b for baneblade ) and then make a proper ( cheaper ) strb 90 h with transport capabilites ( like kustj\u00e4gare ) . 
  kinda like you , i love it when a cheap units takes out something much more expensive . 
  like one game where i had gotten my ass kicked out of the point i was defending ( 4x bmpts can apparently just frontal assault atgm infantry in buildings ) but the enemy failed to recond the area properly . 
  one squad of fallschirmj\u00e4gers ( spelling ? ), 
  and half a squad of j\u00e4gers were still alive , hiding behind some trees , with their weapons turned off . 
  then a cv tank came rolling straight towards the fsjs, 
  you mean like [ these bars ] ( http://imgur.com/mcninmt ) ?? 
  afaik , blue = health and orange = experience, 
  so basically blue shows much health the unit has left and orange shows the progression to the next experience rank . 
  buy super-rare ships like the at price ships and then do stupid shit with them , or just fail at pvp . 
  just imagine someone mining veldspar in any of the battleships on [ this list ] ( http://www.eve-wiki.net/index.php?title=unique_ships ), 
  afaik , those squads are actually tank-hunter units . 
  small , cheap and sneaky squads with the same ( or better ) anti-vehicle capabilities as normal infantry units . 
   the recoilless rifle vhc are there to pad out the tow vhc , since the recoilless weapons still have ap . 
  fine , but you do n't need 3 cards of them while you only have 1 card of an expensive atgm vehicle with low avaliability . 
  57 vehicles with shitty recoiless rifles and 5 with atgms, 
  and yes they have ap but they have short range and bad accuracy . 
   also , he did ... just drink what i thought he drunk right ? 
  if you mean the urine , it was filtered and it looked clean in the tube . 
  maybe foxholes/trenches/etc could be some new buildings already placed on the map . 
  basically the same as normal buildings except they do n't block los and movement . 
  well i just figured they could be a part of the map . 
  like a small abandoned outpost on a hill . 
  a bunch of walls and pillboxes made out of sandbags or hesco bastions , some trenches and stuff like that . 
  maybe some really old ( like ww2 old ) fortifications made out of thick concrete . 
  could possibly provide superior protection but less camouflage compared to normal houses . 
   1 ap against 0 armor does 4 damage , as ap does 4x it 's base damage against targets with 1 or less armor . 
  ok , but what about the 2 armor in the front ? 
   lots of units with special stats , honestly to many to name . 
  well yeah , but could you think of any worth a special mention ? 
  i mean , i did n't know there even was a sead helicopter until i read the patchnotes for v243 and checked out the ka-52 . 
  it 's completely unique but still easy to miss . 
   this has been their policy since wwii, 
  well since ( afaik ) most countries use 155mm artillery i guess they 've dropped that policy . 
  iirc , the free swarmers are only usable with the obelisk . 
   one of the most common ways to detect an `` armory warrior '' , eg someone who looks at stats and does n't play the game, 
  well according to the 200 page guide there 's a total of 1470 different units in wargame : rd. 
  i 'd rather be an `` armory warrior '' than testing all of those units just in case they happen to have some hidden ability . 
  how would i know the vasilek can do that unless i for some reason decide that i 'm gon na use the inferior and more expensive option in my deck . 
  imo we just need more/better info ingame . 
  at least something like a [ burst ] tag for the vasilek and an [ sd ] tag for silenced weapons . 
   if you have an old ship , you should have the option to retrofit it to the new version but not just happen automatically . 
  i actually had a silly idea about using this as a sort of `` balance '' method . 
  not necessarily for eve , just an idea in general . 
  basically every ship would once in a while get an updated , better version and all the blueprints would also be updated , but all the existing ships would stay the same . 
  a slow but constant power-creep . 
  first you 'd have the raven , then the raven a1 , then a2 and so on . 
  eventually they 'd release the raven 2 , raven 2a1 etc etc. 
  if it was n't for reprocessing , the older versions could eventually become really cheap due to the low demand . 
  a dominix mk i costing half as much as a lelantos ( nemesis replacement ) mk5 stealth-bomber . 
  eventually they would become collector items since they ca n't be produced anymore and most have been lost over time . 
  ofc it 's waaaaaaay too late to introduce something like this now , but in theory it could have been interesting . 
   if all you 're interested in is an optimized deck, 
  i 'm not , but i do n't want to test every single infantry unit to find out wether or not they have a silencer . 
  if i 'm making a deck and decide that i would like a sneaky commando unit in it , i should n't have to ask the forums , check the wiki or use trial and error to find out which unit that would be , or if there 's even one avaliable . 
  it should be possible to do so with the filter , like when i 'm looking for a sead aircraft or a unit with a napalm weapon . 
  i hate hidden stats and fuzzy descriptions in games . 
  kinda like how apparently veterancy gives infantry a damage bonus . 
  imagine if they removed all the tags from weapons . 
  can this mg be used in cqc ? 
  is this missile f&f , sa or guided ? 
  is this a radar spaag ? 
   although it does n't look like the barrel has any movement at all, 
  it does n't, 
   nor does the turret itself, 
  there is no turret . 
  the tank would turn to aim left and right and use its ( kinda advanced iirc ) suspension system to aim up and down . 
  what about spaags with neither the ke or heat tag ? 
  i guess it would be the '' [ ( ap - av ) / 2 ] + 1 '' equation which would mean that those spaags would do no damage to the 2 av on the front end of an a-10 or su-25 . 
  also , would they still have a 2x or 4x multiplier to weak armor or is that only for weapons with ke or heat ? 
  [ vid ] ( http://youtu.be/yzm7slzdwgy?t=2m38s ), 
   i believe the spaags do he damage , not ke , could be wrong . 
  you 're right , i remembered wrong . 
  how would you make an irl object invincible ? 
   anyone else fed up with ninja silencer units ? 
  yeah , i 'm getting kinda tired of playing as china and the commonwealth . 
  the title said `` jaegerkorpset operators '' which would mean individual soldiers/operators belonging to the jaegerkorpset, 
  dreadnought cruiser with the venture-x model . 
  sexiest a2b cruiser i own . 
  combined with the consoles from the galaxy refit and retrofit this thing can become as agile as an escort with a giant saucer pet that flies around and murder things with a deathray . 
  and oh yeah , spinal lance , hangar bay and the ability to use dual cannons . 
  why is n't he using autofire ? 
  and why is he doing some sort of bee-dance all the time ? 
  the weapons look completely grey to me : /, 
  not really, 
  the price jumped from 143 to 151 ( price last i checked ) . 
  so that 's a 5,5 % price increase, 
  so even though the dil price did go up a lot , it would still be 15,5 % cheaper to buy a ship now . 
  play as a blufor nation/coalition that has access to decent atgm infantry . 
  place the atgm infantry in the front and your vehicles in the rear . 
  now the enemy atgm vehicles/tanks ca n't attack your vehicles without getting within range of your atgm infantry . 
  well i 'm talking about defense . 
  in your scandinavian deck i would probably replace the sk-60b with 4 additional cards of vehicles . 
  unless there 's something obvious i 've missed , that plane has like no redeeming qualities . 
  and even if it might be kinda cost-effecient , it 's absolutely not worth 5 activation points . 
  and maybe you do n't really need 3 fobs . 
  usually you do n't even need 2 fobs and you do n't really have that much artillery . 
  if you have an us ally with atacms he would probably love you though .
