  yes . 
  heli and ground transports both have their advantages and disadvantages . 
  personally i use helos to try to sneak some recon infantry in behind enemy lines and ground transports to get recon infantry to the frontline . 
   plus what are the advantages and disadvantages of teh sbs as reco nisntead of green jackets ? 
  sbs move 50 % faster and are better in combat . 
  i think it actually says where they can go in their stats . 
  * logistics, 
  looks decent enough, 
  * infantry, 
  upgrade your aa infantry to something less shitty . 
  replace one commando unit with some atgm infantry and maybe replace another one with something like mot schutzen . 
  mmmmmaybe replace the sturmpioniere with the polish flamethrower unit with shock training . 
  * support, 
  replace the strop 1 with the strop 2 or some decent radar-sam unit . 
  * tanks, 
  get rid of at least one card of tanks . 
  probably the 75 point t-72 . 
  * recon, 
  get a recon vehicle with at least very good optics . 
  * vehicles, 
  you do n't need two cards of to-55s . 
  replace one of them with a fire-support unit like the zsu-57, 
  looks fairly ok . 
  * planes, 
  if you 're playing as the eastern block then imo you should get the polish napalm bomber . 
  afaik it has the highest payload of all napalm bombers and can really fuck shit up . 
   what aa infantry do you recommend then ? 
  just better aa infantry, 
   what are the pros and cons of sturmpionieres vs polish flamethrowers ? 
  sturmpionieres have a launcher with longer range that does fairly high damage per hit while the polish `` sturmovy something '' have a normal flamethrower . 
  the main advantages of the polish shock unit is that they move faster , fight better and have 10 man squads . 
   and why should i get rid of both the commandos ? 
  both ? 
  you have 3 commando units . 
   but why mot schutzen instead of commandos ? 
  cost efficiency and availability . 
   i 'm not sure where to get the extra points . 
  the tank i told you to get rid off . 
   so should i replace the upvetted mig lazur or the mig-29 9-13 ? 
  personally i would get rid of the lazur . 
  unfortunately i ca n't choose just one, 
  * ikko ikki loansword ashigaru in s2 with the ikko ikki dlc, 
  cheap spammable sword infantry with no equivalent for the other factions . 
  would beat the crap out of yari ashigarus and were even a threat to yari samurai . 
  once you got 4 + of these it was more or less game over . 
  they could just rename it `` heroic victory gun '' because that 's basically what it is . 
  * sherwood archers in m2, 
  i rarely got to use these but i do remember one battle where i had one group of 60 archers on a hill and one group as reinforcements vs a full stack of french units . 
  before eventually dying the group on the hill killed 1000-1200 french crossbowmen . 
  yeah that 's the modern version that actually went into production . 
  a bit too modern even for wg : rd though . 
  the one ingame is based on some old prototype . 
   and it 's a lot less scary . 
  i dunno about that . 
  that 100 mm he cannon is pretty terrifying due to it 's long range . 
  game mechanic wrote :, 
  - veterancy damage output multiplier on infantry removed . 
  this should address the better cost/effectiveness of special forces over regular troops . 
  bug fixes wrote :, 
  - flares can be placed even in solo against the ai ( for marking enemy positions , counter-battery ... ), 
  - fixed the ghosts that were disappearing when deployed over a hud element, 
   spetznaz and lian will still be the kings of inf vs. inf . 
  well they should be , it 's just that they were ** too ** good vs inf and lighter vehicles . 
   however anti-tank and - air inf has been weakened considerably . 
  which makes them even more pointless . 
  they 're still really really stealthy compared to tanks and vehicles which is kinda their thing . 
  they also tend to be pretty cost efficient . 
  this is the removal of the hidden modifier from veterancy . 
  he 's talking of the `` non-hidden '' rof bonus from training ( regular , shock etc ), 
  they both have the same rifle but the airborne has a 45 % higher rof . 
  again same rifle but now regular vs elite units . 
  the royal marines have a 122 % higher rof than the fusiliers . 
   each post should have a [ screenshot of the deck ] ( http://i.imgur.com/t6yjc5n.jpg ), 
  * logistics, 
  use the cheaper supply helo and use something like the brdm-2u instead of the bmp-1k . 
  * infantry, 
  looks decent though maybe you should put the spetsnaz in another transport that does n't reduce the availability that much . 
  consider putting the sapery in the btr-t and mmmmaybe the motostrelki in the bmp-1d . 
  gmgs are awesome and thus almost every unit with a gmg is awesome . 
  * support, 
  replace a tunguska with another buk or maybe some non-radar sam . 
  use the msta-s instead of the akatsiya and do n't upvet it . 
  do n't upvet the smerch either . 
  * tanks, 
  less mid tier tanks . 
  replace the t-72a or t-80b with something really good . 
  * recon, 
  replace the mi-8 with the mi-4 . 
  imo a cheap recon helicopter with very good optics is very useful for risky scouting missions . 
  put the razvedka in a cheaper helicopter . 
  i would probably also not upvet everything . 
  veterancy does improve the ability to spot stuff but running out of recon units would be really really bad . 
  * vehicles, 
  why did you upvet the tos-1 and the to-62 ? 
  replace the brdm-2 konkurs with the mt-lb shturm . 
  * planes, 
  you do n't have that many planes so it could be worth it to replace the sead plane with something else . 
  if you need to kill some radar aa you have the smerch and msta . 
  it was n't a bug . 
  it was a hidden stat they never told anyone about until some guy started digging through the code and found a line about infantry damage bonus .
