  a tier 2 brewery could be called a distillery and would allow production of more types of alcohol ( eg , from rice and potatoes ) and the tier 3 version could be called the chemical lab and enable the crafting of medicine using something like pure alcohol ( made from normal alcohol ) and herbal medicine . 
  #teamalpha , cause the gamma is fugly as fuck . 
  toxic fallouts are n't that dangerous . 
  as long as they spend most of the time indoors and you keep an eye on their toxic levels it 's perfectly ok to let them go outside to work . 
  yeah they will have a toxic buildup stat in their health tab that slowly goes up as long as they 're not under a roof . 
  just make sure it does n't get to 60 % or higher since then there 's a risk your colonist might get permanent dementia which is kinda bad . 
  personally i tend to simply restrict my colonists to the home area and then make a bunch of pillars around my base to make sure that everything that does n't need to be unroofed ( like outdoor farms and solar generators ) is safe from the fallout . 
  my new way to deal with psychic ships is to buy psychic foil hats ( -90 % psychic effect ) for my colonists and then just leave it be . 
  eventually it reaches the extreme level which is -50 mood which is kinda nasty for invading hostiles but not for me . 
  animal hauling is kinda random , just make sure they 're not too restricted and they should occasionally haul some items once in a while . 
  it should become more noticeable once you have a bunch of animals trained in hauling . 
   it 's low nutrition so you need more to make a meal, 
  afaik making a simple or fine meal always require 10 ingredients . 
  * colonists should react better to threats , like fleeing from dangerous stuff like large groups of tribals , some manhunting elephants , a centipede etc etc and defending themselves against weaker stuff like an angry hare . 
  they should also be smart enough to not go into a room that 's +300 c hot from a fire . 
  * most animals should also react better to humans . 
  for example they should try to avoid getting too close to humans and should flee in terror from nearby gunfire . 
  * some more implants and prosthetics would be nice . 
  like artificial organs ( lungs , kidneys , stomach etc ) and some `` high quality prothetics '' that are simply just as effective as normal limbs . 
  some ideas for implants would be some form of `` medical implant '' that boosts healing , immunity rate and reduces bleeding , a `` temperature regulator implant '' that gives something like a 20c boost in cold and heat insulation and an `` energy booster implant '' that reduces the need for rest and/or improves rest effectiveness . 
  i 'm like 99,99 % sure that simple meals always take exactly 10 ingredients and that all crops have the same nutrition value . 
  are you playing with some mods or an older version perhaps ? 
  have you built the communications relay yet ? 
  cause my solution to this problem when i 've played on ultra-cold ice sheets has pretty much been to sell all my human meat and leather to buy food and steel . 
  huh , i just checked and i do n't see anything ... 
  indeed i did . 
   this is claimable on all characters on an account . 
  as someone with too many characters , noooooooooooooooooo !, 
  instead of a ranged weapon he could have his divine buff ability items as his secondary weapons . 
  melee could be the source of `` ammo '' for his abilities . 
  like dealing and taking damage builds up the wps `` righteous fury '' which he can use to activate his divine magic abilities . 
  i really really want more job prioritization options . 
  in the work menu it should be possible to expand a column into a few sub categories so you can be more specific about who should do what . 
  some examples for what i mean . 
  * doctor : treating and surgery . 
  * handle : taming and training . 
  * cook : cooking , butchering and brewing . 
  * construct : buildings and furniture . 
  * grow : planting and harvesting . 
  * craft : stonecutting , smelting and mechanics . 
  that way you could let your low skill colonists help out with more stuff while ensuring that jobs with quality modifiers , failure chances or resource efficiency are done by your most skilled colonists . 
  ie , you could make sure that only your best doctors do surgery , your most skilled constructor make your furniture and ensure that your cook does n't leave stuff unbutchered because they 're too busy cooking . 
  i would also like more priority levels than 1-4 , like 1-9 . 
  at least for me , 4 levels often is n't enough and with even more options like this it would be even worse . 
  another useful feature could be some form of high priority orders in the orders menu that you can use to prioritize doing something right now without having to micromanage your colonists . 
  eg , you want all the corn moved into the freezer asap so you use the `` priority haul '' order and drag it across your field to more or less order all/most colonists that have hauling enabled to stop what they 're doing and haul some corn . 
  no , the skills should remain the same , sort of like how smithing , tailoring and crafting all use the craft skill . 
  what i mean is that in the work menu it should be possible to expand a column into several columns for more options about who does what and the priority . 
  for example , i would like to give butchering a higher priority than cooking so that my cook wont stand there and make simple meals instead of fine meals because we 're out of meat when there 's a bunch of dead elephants in the freezer , and i really do n't want him/her to do any brewing at all unless there 's nothing to cook or butcher . 
  so to do this i could expand the cook column and give butchering 2 in priority , cooking 3 in priority and brewing 4 in priority ( or disable it completely ) and maybe enable brewing for some low skill colonist to help out . 
  oh right , forgot the skill was called medicine . 
  but yeah , sort of . 
  but in order to not clutter the work menu with a ton of columns i want `` sub category job columns '' that you gain access to by doing something like clicking on a + sign next to the name of the main category ( cook , doctor etc etc ) . 
  today i got a beam staff with the +50 % movement speed while aiming bonus , so that 's the biggest meh trait i 've seen so far, 
  pretty much this . 
  a sterile hospital with good beds and a decent doctor should be enough . 
  also , hunger and rest affects the colonists [ immunity gain speed ] ( http://rimworldwiki.com/wiki/immunity_gain_speed ) so unless it 's absolutely vital that this colonist works , just let them rest in the hospital until they 're healthy again . 
  maybe let them out once in a while for some fun so they do n't go crazy from boredom . 
   ( do n't install it beside the bed pillow , install it by the foot of the bed ), 
  care to explain why ? 
  i always put my vital monitors next to the pillow between two beds ( so one monitor buffs two beds ) and i have n't had any problems with them blocking my doctors . 
  i guess they use the other side of the bed , but sometimes i have a heater or lamp there and afaik there still have n't been any problems . 
  edit : just watched as a colonist got treatment and apparently the doctor could stand on the lamp while treating the patient . 
  edit 2 : just built a wall next to a bed to block the other side next to the pillow and the doctor was able to treat the patient from the foot of the bed . 
  it says that one bed can only be linked to one monitor , not that one monitor can only be linked to one bed . 
  i just checked and it even works diagonally so you can have 8 beds linked to one monitor and it still works . 
  constantly for all beds . 
  at least if i check the info screen on the beds they all have the immunity gain speed buff . 
  that card should cost something like $ 150, 
  from my experience that beam blast is n't very useful at all except for instakilling some basic scaven far away . 
  since it cancels the beam and generates quite a lot of heat ( at least a lot for such a small explosion ) it 's imo better to just continue using the beam . 
  also , semi-related question for people here , i 've heard that the beam from the beam staff does higher dps the longer you fire it , does anyone know if this is true or is it just some rumor ? 
  yeah the beam itself is really good but i 'm talking about the beam explosion blast thingy which imo is mostly useless . 
  bright wizard with beam staff and the normal sword . 
  heads are flying left and right from the swords power attacks , hordes get wiped out by the staffs shotgun explosion and annoying specials burn to death from the death-ray . 
  one of the best parts is that if a teammate is grabbed by a packmaster while you 're fighting a horde of skavens you can more or less just explode your way to them cause it 's basically always better to have a 90 % filled heat bar than a dead teammate . 
  heh , i simply built it outside as a test since i did n't have enough room in my hospital . 
  i 'm not talking about the normal beam attack ( which is really useful ) , i 'm talking about the beam blast attack . 
   can you give us the ship you are wanting to use so that we can give some advice based on weapon and console layout ? 
  from what i 've heard you can unfortunately only have one of the two mission reward omnis ( the anitchroniton and the ancient obelisk ap ) equipped at a time but i guess i could use the antichroniton omni + my crafted ap omni and the kcb as aft weapons . 
  i will look into those dbbs on the exchange but i 'm still more interested in beam arrays , because a ) there are more `` special '' beam arrays , b ) the sheshar is n't really the most agile space-whale and c ) beam arrays + faw = better rainbow lasershow . 
  i know it 's really good with a dbb + omni build , i even have a set of really good ap dbbs to use with it but for this purpose i think arrays would be the best choice . 
  and i promise i 'll post a video or something . 
  i actually find it easier to play on hard than normal because usually your teammates are less incompetent . 
  i kinda hope they slow down with making new specializations and focus more on the existing ones . 
  the kdf and the romulans could use some more intel ships , and not just ships with an lt. or lt. com intel station but proper intel ships with a commander intel station and maybe even the special intel ship abilities . 
  the feds got three of those while the kdf and the romulans got one each . 
  like an intel bop or raptor for the kdf , some engineering focused intel warbird for the romulans ( like the eclipse and qib ) and one intel focused science ship for each ( highest priority imo ) . 
  though i would n't mind a new specialization like commando that just offers some bonuses without having a whole ship bundle & co based around it . 
  maybe they could also expand the commando specialization a bit , like adding some boff abilities and kit modules . 
  i buy [ finasteride accord from apoteket ] ( https://www.apoteket.se/produkt/finasteride-accord-filmdragerad-tablett-1-mg-98-st-blister-257253/ ) which costs 605 kr for 98 pills . 
  the brand of minoxidil i buy kinda varies since different pharmacies seem to sell different brands though they usually cost around 500-600 kr for a 3-pack ( 3 months ) . 
  other than being easier to store there does n't seem to be much of a point in growing haygrass to feed your animals instead of just growing more corn . 
  well you need a prescription for fin and the 5mg is for some [ prostate problem stuff ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/finasteride#benign_prostatic_hyperplasia ) so getting a prescription for it might not be that easy . 
  well yes , it 's the same thing but as a lower dose . 
  i guess you 'll simply have to buy it online somewhere or fake having an enlarged prostate . 
  also , how can you not afford like 180kr per month ? 
  605 kr for 98 days !, 
  my hope is that they change the mi queue to something like `` do x as fast as possible '' ( like infected space ) . 
  lets say we have to defeat x waves of terran ships before the flagship spawns .
