  one ah is bad enough in a2a , two would just be absurd . 
  look at my edit again, 
  the ingame description calls it a `` very accurate armor piercing laser . '' . 
  imo , soe need to either change the names and descriptions of the so called laser weapons or make them actual laser weapons , with hitscan and stuff . 
  remove the laser part of the saron hrbs description or turn it into an actual laser cannon . 
  like a continuous beam weapon . 
  ca n't we just have both and select the one we want in the general settings ? 
  passive tanked gila also works . 
  it 's like a passive drake but with drones . 
  boring as fuck but it works . 
  flew into its home systems in a purifier only to realize that i had forgotten to update my clone after my latest death . 
  flying to an npc station in enemy 0.0 territory was not a pleasant experience . 
  well then they should at least change the description since it is clearly not a laser weapon . 
  could be some sort of police ship . 
   please change esf physics to make them behave more like planes . 
  another suggestion would be to increase the speed and decrease the health of esfs so that they have to be more mobile to survive ( could require a change to lock-ons ) and not just slowly hover around . 
  i do n't think the esfs are weak , it 's just the aa that 's too powerful . 
  that i agree with . 
  infantry aa should be more like defensive/emergency aa . 
  though imo , we should also have two different aa guns for the lightning , skyguard for short-medium range and something like a 100mm flak cannon for long range . 
  the skyguard would be the defense against a2g esfs and short range liberators while the 100mm flak would be for fucking with long range libs and galaxies . 
  that could work . 
  i just hoped that the increased speed would cancel out the decreased health since they should be harder to hit and spend less time in the enemies field of fire . 
  main problem would be lock-on missiles but that could be fixed by flares being a default unlock ( the equipable cert decreasing cooldown ) and/or missiles being evadable . 
  they could do like eve online with target locking , smaller target = longer lock-on time . 
  nah , they should do real surgery on anyone who acts like they 're injured . 
  and now we will finally have a proper use for all the midslots the cov ops frigates have . 
  eve and dayz are the only games that have this effect on me . 
  does n't even have to be proper pvp , i got sweaty palms just from stealing a nightmare bpc from goonswarm . 
  that kinda depends on the rats . 
  some ships are only really effective vs some rats , like laser boats vs blood raiders and sanshas . 
  well guristas are weak to kinetic damage and serpentis weak to thermal and to some extent kinetic . 
  both also do kinetic and thermal damage , though guristas is mostly kinetic while serpentis is about 50/50 . 
  so i 'd say something that 's good at tanking and dealing those damage types . 
  you said you were specialized in drones so i would say that ishtar , gila and rattlesnake are all good options . 
  i 'll continue being offtopic just to share my most tense dayz story . 
  this was in dayz namals , where weapons are very common , but food and medical supplies are rare as fuck . 
  me and a friend had decided to camp the dam , he with a 50 cal sniper and me with an ak , him lying under a tree with a good view of the area and me closer to the dam to provide supressing fire and stuff . 
  all of the sudden , a guy with an ak comes running straight for my friend shouting `` do n't shoot , i 'm friendly '' . 
  my friend decided not to trust this person and decided to run for it , only for the guy with the ak to start shooting at him . 
  since this was at very short range , ak  .50 cal sniper , and my friend died . 
  now i had the fun job of trying to avenge my friend and retrieve his gear . 
  the problem was that the forest where he died was extremely dense , so i could see 10-20 meters in front of me and my enemy had plenty of places to hide . 
  all of the sudden i heard a voice , the voice of a 12 y/o asking of he could get a gun . 
  i started sneaking around among the trees , trying to find whoever was talking . 
  all of the sudden , there he was , together with the guy with the ak , standing next to my dead friend . 
  fortunately for me , the 12 y/o was keeping the other guy bussy with his whining . 
  after quickly checking my surrondings i opend fire . 
  i 'm not sure if he had somehow already seen me or if he just had very quick reflexes but he returned fire almost immediately , i emptied my mag and ran for cover . 
  as i ran , i suddenly heard the sound of a bloodsucker . 
  i also noticed i was bleeding so i took cover in a tree to bandage myself . 
  this is when i noticed that i had the bloodsucker aggro . 
  i was now running around through the dense forest , visually impaired by my lack of blood , chased by a monster and several armed hostiles in the area . 
  after eventually disposing of the bloodsucker i started sneaking back to where i last saw my enemies . 
  i was now low on health and i had lost the element of surprise . 
  after getting lost for a while i finally heard the sound of flies that always accompanied dead players . 
  i approached the sound only to find the body of the 12 y/o . 
  then i found another body , the guy with the ak . 
  after checking the chat logs it turned out that the guy with the ak shot the 12 y/o in the confusion but must have bled to death later from my shots ( i had some bug so my kills did n't show up in chat ) . 
  eventually i found my friends body ( ghillie suit + forest + being color blind from blood loss = cloak of invisibility ) but when i checked his gear , it was gone , only to have been replaced with crap like a pump action shotgun and a bad backpack . 
  i checked the other two bodies but neither of them contained my friends gear . 
  i now realized there was a 3rd hostile in the area , with my friends 50 cal sniper . 
  i noped the fuck out and hid in a tree until my friend made it back here . 
  the worst part was when me an my friend realized that my friend was n't actually spotted by the guy shouting `` i 'm friendly '' . 
  it was the 12 y/o shouting it to the guy with the ak . 
  there are many ways to make money in null . 
  mining can be extremely profitable with the abc ores . 
  problem is getting the stuff sold . 
  ratting and running complexes can is also a good source of income . 
  from what i 've heard , people with decent ships will earn about 100 mil per hour . 
  you could also exploit the lack of a market out there and build stuff . 
  you should be able to sell the stuff you make for a lot more isk than you could in high sec . 
  i 've also heard that people with jump freighters can become rich in 0.0 because of the same reasons i mentioned above . 
  problem with that is that jfs are extremely expensive . 
  ratting would at least require a decent battlecruiser . 
  a retriever should work for mining as long as you do n't mine alone . 
  you could possibly find someone to rat with , with you providing the tanking with your logi and him just going full gank and spank . 
  test with eft or pyfa ? 
  it 's kinda persistent . 
  your gear is saved on a `` hive '' . 
  some servers have their own private hives , some use the same hive and then there 's the official main hive that 's used for the normal mod ( there are mods of the mod ) . 
  this means that as long as you join a server that uses the same hive as the previous , you will have the same gear . 
  you start out with almost nothing ( though some servers have modded starting gear ) , a small backpack , a flashlight , 1 bandage and 1 painkiller . 
  you must then find food , weapons and tools to survive . 
  there are also vehicles but they are usually rare and you will spend most of your time on foot . 
  dayz is often called `` running through forest simulator 2012 '' . 
  the standard map is about 15x15km so getting around can take a while . 
  if you die , you will probably lose everything unless you can get to your body fast enough or have a friend that can carry your stuff for you . 
  it is possible to stockpile stuff in tents and vehicles so you have something to use after you die , but unless you actually have a camp full of stuff , you would end up back at square 1 ( though that 's part of the fun ) , so do n't get too attached to your gear.you 're also not able to chose where you spawn so regrouping after someone has died can take a while . 
  there are zombies in the game , but once you 've learned how to deal with them they 're usually not much of a threat . 
  the real threat are all the other players . 
  in the dayz namalsk mod they 've added bloodsuckers from stalker . 
  invisible 2m tall cthulhu monsters that will hunt you forever . 
  in eve terms , dayz would be like a huge 0.0 area without stations or poses or anywhere you can be safe . 
  then you have some useless rats messing around , though sometimes you could aggro too many of them and have to run . 
  then you 'd run into another player and it would usually end with one of you dying . 
  nowdays there are also many different types of dayz , like namalsk that i mentioned in my wall of text . 
  namalsk for example only have 2 places with food stores and 1 place with hospitals , so food and medical supplies are much harder to find than in normal dayz . 
  on the other hand , guns and vehicles are much more common . 
  so rather than being a well fed and poorly armed hobo you 'll end up as a starving , freezing commando , armed to the teeth , fighting other starving commandos while beign chased by invisible cthulhu monsters .
