  steins ; gate season 2, 
  edit : horrible story-brainstorming, 
  for some reason ( they have a good reason mkay ) they have to build a new d-mail machine . 
  daru has started doing water polo to get in better shape . 
  after being rejected by a girl , daru gets kinda drunk and decide to send a d-mail to `` fix '' stuff . 
  the mail has lots of unforseen consequences ( like kurisu becoming a lesbian ) and no one actually knows what he sent , to whom or when . 
  suzuha appears and inform them they are now in a new attractor field . 
  after confirming it wo n't result in the death of anyone important , ww3 , sern etc etc , okabe decides it 's not worth all the effort to fix stuff again . 
  the rest of the show is a slice of life series where they have to adapt to the mess that daru caused . 
  indeed . 
  besides , they got what they paid for . 
  it would be different if the store said it cost 50 and then took 200 . 
  iirc , they will be , but they have n't figured out with what yet . 
  they 've been replaced by the daily 55 bonus marks . 
  cryptic realized that having a second `` currency '' just as a daily reward was kinda stupid . 
  as dodye mentioned , the project is just so we can recycle any commendations we had left . 
  rock cruiser ( dunno which one ) with 2x breach missile , stun bomb and uhm ... some offline weapon i had to take out zoltan shields . 
  i also had the missile fabrication thingie so missile supply was n't really a problem . 
  most fights were basically just one missile to the weapons , one to the o2 system and then waiting . 
  pre ae it was probably the ship i got my first ( and only pre ae ) victory with . 
  engi a with 2x ion blast ii , 1x heavy ion , 2x combat drones , 1x beam drone and the drone recovery arm . 
  the shields of any enemy would just dissapear and then i would usually just target shields , weapons and o2 and once again , wait . 
  and the flagship did n't stand a chance against 3 angry drones blasting its unshielded hull . 
  the missile and laser weapon rooms become connected to the rest of the ship . 
   why would i play a flight deck cruiser such as the fleet corsair rather than a pure carrier ? 
  fdcs are basically just cruisers with a hangar bay , not smaller carriers . 
  same/similar role and abilities . 
  4/4 weapon loadout , engineering focus , cruiser commands etc etc. 
  if you have used a cruiser and something with a hangar you can probably imagine how a fdc works . 
  carriers are their own special class . 
  bigger , slower and usually have less firepower . 
  they make up for this with their 2 hangar bays . 
  sci/tac/eng focus may vary but usually they 're sci biased . 
   is engineering a suitable career for carriers or f-d-cruisers ? 
  engineer is imo the best class for carriers with sci as a close second . 
  you 'll kinda need those tanking abilities to stay alive while flying these spacewhales . 
  do like me and my friends and use swords . 
  `` the slow blade penetrates the shield '' - picard, 
  seriously , when you have 5 guys with swords the borg just ... die . 
  edit : some advice/tactics . 
  use swords . 
  not bat ` leths or lirpas . 
  swords have superior charge range . 
  you can even defy the laws of gravity to stab an enemy above you . 
  as an engineer , use mines . 
  run in , stab stuff and spawn mines . 
  fuse armor , support drone and some shield heal can be useful . 
  as a tac , use lunge and ambush . 
  swords can expose an enemy and lunge is a fairly-high-damage exploit , combined they become extremely powerful . 
  as a sci , use some healing abilities and the melee damage bonus hypospraythingie . 
  you 'll probably never ever die and you 'll be better at stabbing stuff than everyone else . 
  this is why the naval part of my decks are mostly anti-ship planes and helos . 
  maybe we 're getting two new pirate factions with 3 ships each . 
   ships are usually given to every race at once , so . 
  i wonder how the community would react if ccp did something like `` we 're adding 3 new battleships in the next expansion . 
  unfortunately we could n't come up with something for minmatar so they do n't get one ( for now ) '', 
  could actually be kinda interesting if the factions were less symetrical . 
  well it 's possible it would n't have better yeild but rather something like a cov ops cloak . 
  the ventures description says it 's made to be used in unsafe territories which also fits with the +2 warp core strength bonus . 
  well i 'm not sure exactly what would happen in your secnarion but i had something `` kinda '' similar happen to me once . 
  first of all , i had manually created the republic of gotland around 870 by starting as svitjod and then went back to the main menu and played as the grand mayor . 
  basically i just wanted to be a norse merchant republic without being surrounded by christians . 
  anyhow , a few generations later , one of my sons complained about being unmarried . 
  since i had a lot of cash at the time ( republic + viking raids < 3 < 3 ) i got him married with the youngest princess of norway . 
  a few years after that my character died and somehow one of the other families had gotten a higher reputation than me so i also lost the `` throne '' of gotland . 
  then , soething strange happened . 
  suddenly , we were the republic of norway . 
  apparently , all the siblings of my brothers wife had died , so she inherited the throne and my brother became king . 
  as a family member he was by default my vassal , and since i was a vassal of the grand mayor , norway became a vassal of gotland and then we somehow took control . 
  the grand mayor became prince mayor or whatever it 's called , my brother and his wife lost their power but for some reason kept their king and queen titles ( their children lost theirs though ) and i sat there and looked very confused . 
  i honestly just wanted him to marry a princess because i could afford it . 
  well the marder 1 is 43 years old and they 're replacing them with the more modern [ puma ifv ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/puma_%28ifv%29 ) . 
  what if ccp could somehow remove some of the faction industrials completely and replace them with some ore indies instead . 
  each faction get one big/fat hauler and one smallish/agile hauler and ore takes care of the specialized stuff . 
  probably in case one gets stolen . 
  without the cannon it 's basically just an unarmed apc which is n't that dangerous . 
  with the cannon you 'd more or less have to call in the army to stop the thief . 
  in a subreddit that was created a few minutes ago, 
  level the fuck up . 
  pretty much 90-99 % of stos content is endgame stuff . 
   there 's no paradropping in wargame because paratroopers are n't dropped onto a ` hot ' battlefield . 
  what about supply drops ? 
  i kinda wish airborne decks had a logistic plane with the ability to drop supply crates . 
  well afaik the ai is cheating . 
  apparently it knows exactly where all your units are all the time . 
  though in order to make it less suspecious it has to `` find '' them first with some unit . 
  from what i have heard , the fix was the whole `` must `` find '' '' thing . 
  ie , before they can call in artillery , airstrikes etc , they must `` accidentally stumble upon '' your units . 
  for example , in a skirmish game , a few enemy spaags and tanks just happened to find my recon squad hiding among some trees on a mountain . 
   the problem with mirror ships however is that they are only t4, 
  no they 're not, 
  all mirror ships are t5, 
  they might be in the crappy end of t5 but they 're still t5 . 
   albeit really squishy ... 
  the turn rate , battle cloak and dual cannons kinda make up for that . 
  i made a a2b science b'rel for shits and giggles and it was actually kinda effective . 
  worked really well with charged particle burst and photonic shockwave since it was so mobile . 
  they 're not swedish citizens so they 're ( more or less ) not covered by our social safety net . 
   but getting a full team of the same faction at the same time, 
  if it 's a private game you do n't have to be the same faction .
