  for example maybe a dagger throw attack for the dual daggers and the dagger + sword combo . 
  maybe some really powerful special melee attacks that require a lot of stamina to use . 
  * `` semi-special enemies '' . 
  more common than the normal specials but not that much of a threat . 
  sort of like the hazmat suit and riot cop zombies in l4d2 . 
  eg , clan eshin night runners ( rookie assassins ) that 's more like a faster , more agile and aggresive clanrat or maybe just a clanrat with some better armor like a breastplate ( not as durable as a stormvermin but enough to take a hit from a handgun ) . 
  * more objectives and hopefully some boss battles with some freaky skaven monstrosity/contraption from clan moulder or skryre , or maybe [ something from both ] ( http://www.nerdhammer.net/wp-content/uploads/2015/01/99120206017_skavenstormfiends04-e1422292230670.jpg ) . 
  * later on i would also like some expansion dlcs with a completely new campaign and heroes , like 5 chaos characters vs orcs . 
  an aggressive khorn hero , a tanky nurgle hero , some magic spamming tzeentch hero , a slaaneshi hero and a chaos undivided hero ( no idea which roles the last two should have ) . 
  it did seem like they fixed krubers 2h hammer at least . 
  honestly , you should probably see a doctor about that first . 
  the big 3 could be worth a shot but imo that does n't look like normal hair loss . 
  yeah a power bar like the bw is what i would like . 
  like every time he hits an enemy or blocks an attack he builds of some `` righteous fury '' ( rf ) that powers his ability item . 
  in terms of healing i 'm imagining some form of healing artifact with two abilities . 
  one is a pretty weak heal that 's mostly just useful for stopping the bleeding of a recently revived teammate but does n't use much rf . 
  the other could be some form of instant ranged revive that require something like 80 % rf . 
  not really anything super op but good for getting someone back on their feet . 
  i would also like some defense buff item , with the minor ability being something like a stamina bonus ( +2 shields and faster regen ? ), 
  and the other being a fairly strong damage reduction aura . 
  and lastly some form of offensive buff item . 
  the minor ability could be a knock back bonus and the major ability some form of damage/attack speed and armor penetration bonus . 
  since the wp should pretty much just use hammers i think something like a hammer + holy artifact item could be nice to give him more than 3 hammer choices ( 1h , 1h + shield and 2h ) . 
  maybe a blinding flash of holy light , stunning all skavens in a fairly large cone in front of the wp . 
  you would think so yeah , but apparently it 's not . 
  could be because he 's 86 years old and might not live long enough for the trilogy . 
  iirc , activity is basically just playing the game , so no joining and then going afk . 
  tbh , r2d2 was designed to work in space so rocket boosters makes perfect sense imo . 
  imo they should add some secondary objectives/challenges that reward some tome dice . 
  like completing the mission really fast or retrieving a hidden object . 
  maybe a bag of loot that you have to carry around like a barrel/sack throughout most of the mission . 
  for example , the gunpowder mission could have 2 bonus dice for completing it within x minutes , 1 bonus dice for completing it within y minutes and 1 bonus dice for retrieving the hidden treasure that 's in a random place under the bridge . 
  edit : maybe some secondary objectives could reward some tokens instead of tome dice ( amount and color depending on the objective and the mission difficulty ) , at least for missions that already have tomes and grims . 
  well secondary objectives/challenges would be optional and not really meant for shitty groups , sort of like running a mission with all tomes and grims . 
  also , not all missions should have time challenges , but for example gunpowder , smugglers run and maybe `` wheat and stormvermin '' could include some form of time bonus . 
  for some reason i read `` hairy mammoth people '' and got a bit too excited . 
  giant war elephants should be pretty nice though , until they starve to death . 
  well if you 're not gon na open them , either sell them on the exchange or get rid of them . 
  also , i suspect that you bought 120 boxes . 
  on the bright side it was only about 1000 dil you lost . 
  what if magic could be more like in the warhammer universe and have a risk of backfiring spectacularly , ie a fire-mage could explode or get sucked into hell or some other unpleasant dimension when using magic . 
  pretty much every sane character would stay the fuck away from that so no risk of the world turning into harry potter with dwarves but there could still be some less mentally stable characters throwing fireballs , healing the wounded or turning lead into gold . 
  i would be happy with just 3 z-levels , ground level , underground and one on the roof . 
  that way we could have basements , moats and generally more interesting bases . 
  oh god , 4 years already d :, 
  if i win i 'm giving all of you reddit silver ( maybe ) . 
  not really a character but i would like to see the [ emperor 's royal guard ] ( http://starwars.wikia.com/wiki/emperor%27s_royal_guard ) sometime . 
  they 're supposed to be some elite unit but so far i do n't remember them ever really doing anything in any of the movies or tv-series . 
  they 're just there and look cool . 
  imo they could make some interesting antagonists . 
  lets say palpatine send some of them to help out vader or the inquisitors . 
  they would also work pretty well as a form of very dangerous yet disposable ( `` faceless '' and anonymous ) foes . 
  maybe those who survived were guarding some other places far away from the main temple . 
  / u/user _ history_bot @davidshky, 
  i kinda want a new form of location for this , schools . 
  you could assign ~ ~ dwarves ~ ~ citizens as teachers and they would then teach people whichever skills they 're good at . 
  you should also be able to assign people as students so they spend more time there ( and not just when they feel like it ) . 
  children should probably be students by default so if they eventually grow up they 'll already have some useful skills . 
  maybe instruction books could be a new thing to go with schools . 
  someone skilled in both writing and some practical skill could write a book that others then could read to get some skill points in that skill . 
  imo this is what the manager should be for . 
  advanced production orders for stuff like steel , soap , quires etc etc. 
  then the manager would be useful even when using workflow . 
  someone else here had the same problem and apparently the solution is to save after you get the bug and then continue to save and load until it goes away . 
  personally i would be happy if they just gave it a different model . 
  like a blockly coalition cruiser hull with gaalsien hoverthingies underneath it . 
  maybe make the turret look and sound more like the aav turrets as well . 
  same here . 
  a campaign were you play as one of the gaalsien forces attacking the coalition . 
  then maybe a dlc campaign where you play as a different kiith defending against and eventually driving back the gaalsien invaders . 
   i am not interested in the gaalsien to be honest . 
  how come ? 
  imo they could be pretty interesting in their own campaign , especially with some fancy campaign-only upgrades and stuff . 
  ooooooh , mirror leeta hot pants . 
   1 ) bridge officers ... 
  does n't really matter , personally i chose most of my bridge officers based on how their race looks , except for romulans because they can get free bridge officers with the romulan operative trait . 
   are there ways to acquire these skill manuals without getting them from dismissed officers ? 
  buy them from the bridge officer trainer npc or from the exchange ,, 
   2 ) are there ships to be acquired in between `` free ship '' levels ? 
  except for one ship you get from a mission , nope . 
  also , every 10 levels is really really fast in this game . 
   3 ) does the game do an adequate enough job explaining the broader points of the game ? 
  sort of kinda . 
  do n't be afraid to ask questions alter on if you 're confused . 
   will i eventually get some and the game will explain it to me ... or is this something i should research somewhere ? 
  you 'll get duty officers for free when you level up and there are plenty of other ways to get them like the exchange , special npcs that have recruitment assignments etc etc. 
  which assignments are worth running is probably something you should research though . 
  yeah i had some similar ideas , either the ability to drop a sensor or some form of scanning ability for the br itself . 
  the mine from the campaign could also be kinda neat . 
  could be somewhat useful for defending your salvagers against lavs/skimmers, 
  the gaalsien baserunner need a buff in the form of some new abilities and the passive self repair that all the other gaalsien units have . 
  the coalition br can deploy two different kinds of turrets and launch a small uav while the gaalsien brs only ability is an aoe heal that costs resources and temporarily it . 
  maybe give it the sensor outposts and land mines we had in the campaign or some other form of sensor ability ( like the ping in hw2 ) . 
  or something completely new we have n't seen before like a buff ability/aura . 
  i also think the construction cruiser could use something extra . 
  like an anti-ground weapons upgrade so it can sort of fight back against lavs and skimmers . 
  would both make the cruiser itself a bit better and compensate for the gaalsiens lack of turrets . 
  edit : maybe the gaalsien assault ship could need some form of buff against strikecrafts since that 's what it 's supposed to be good against . 
  maybe something like a turn speed bonus so it can track them better . 
  either a passive bonus from an upgrade , a temporary bonus ability or a toggle on/off ability with something like a movement speed penalty .
