  russians/arabs/asians are getting pretty old . 
  could n't it be some other countrys turn to be evil ? 
  like maybe france , or denmark ? 
  well there 's only one [ empire faction ] ( http://wiki.eveonline.com/en/wiki/empire_factions ) left , the jove . 
  the cruiser will be a jove luxury yacht and the frigate a jove rookie frig , but since jove stuff is so advanced they will be as good as the other prize ships . 
  my rule is that until proven otherwise , everyone else is the same person . 
   here is a picture of me in front of five land mimic octopuses, 
  ftfy, 
  buy the bops , you know you want to . 
  with 4 frigates flying around you feel more like the commander of a smaller fleet than a carrier . 
  i would say the bops are the worst in terms of steady damage . 
  ( though i still love them ), 
  most of the time they will just fly around and use their single turret , doing really low dps . 
  their real strenght comes from their high damage attack runs , with their dual cannons and torps combined with crf1 and hyt1 they can do insane damage . 
  but for steady damage you 'd want the to ` duj fighters or orion slavers . 
  the former because they will do their high damage strafing runs more often than the bops and the latter because with their beam arrays and mines they can just fly around in circles and constantly do decent damage to their target . 
  i 'd love artillery , but i think it would be best as a sort of `` rear general support vehicle '' . 
  let 's say the sunderer got a more fragile brother made to be used in the rear , far away from any threat . 
  could look like a sunderer except the rear part is replaces with a flatbed ( for placing equipment ) and it 's a halftrack . 
  it could have access to stuff like long range howitzers , medium range rocket launchers ( think stalin organ ) , short range mortar ( for clearing out dug in infantry ) directional radar ( long range but only in a cone ) , landing pad ( both ammo and repair but only for aircraft ) etc etc. 
  also , one thing i think they should do if they added artillery is that it should eventually be automatically marked on the map . 
  let 's say each shell/rocket/grenade that 's fired is worth an amount of `` detection points '' . 
  once these points reach a certain level the hex/area will be marked with an artillery symbol . 
  this would mean that artillery would either have to move around to avoid detection or be well defended . 
  rebalanced ha launchers . 
  swords as secondary weapons . 
  shields as a max weapon ( give nc some other shield ability , like an omnidirectional shield , or a bubble that can protect friendlies ), 
  max melee weapons . 
  wait ... aux power reduces the recharge time of launching fighters/frigates ? 
   which i understand is useless now since the set powers were changed, 
  how are they useless now ? 
  the only change ( afaik ) is that the console is now part of another set , but you 'd still get your 2 part set bonus from the engine and deflector . 
   how do i obtain them ? 
  join a fleet , aquire fleet marks and dilithium , buy the stuff . 
   also , since they apparently took away all the borg proc weapons, 
  i do n't think they did . 
  you just ca n't get them anymore but you should still be able to use the old ones , at least i used my borg quantum torp until i got the reputation torps . 
  ftfy, 
  it 's as if [ feyd-rautha ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/c/c0/sting-feydrautha.jpg ) started turning into [ vladimir harkonnen ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/a/aa/mcmillan_as_harkonnen.jpg ) . 
  maybe it could be like in / r/funny . 
  if you try to [ submit ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/submit ) something there it tells you to read the rules in the sidebar . 
  it would n't have to be as agressive but still point them to the sidebar and maybe answer some common questions with stuff like `` yes , you should watch ds9 '' . 
  if you 're playing 2v2-4v4 , ask your team if they have any plans and then try to support them . 
  also , combined arms is ( imo ) very important so if you notice your team is lacking in one department , like infantry , see if you ca n't plug that hole . 
  also , if your enemies are using a lot of infantry , as russians tend to do , try to get a flame halftrack . 
  if properly managed its the bane of any russian infantry commander . 
  vanu weapons fire plasma , though iirc , they propell the plasma using lasers . 
  damn you for making me smile , i 'm supposed to be sad . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  the saron is awesome at killing vehicles ( though not as superawesome as it is at killing infantry ) , even mbts , you just have to abuse your speed and range , and have a good gunner . 
  get up close and start pew pewing , drive around in circles , if things start looking bad , boost away , repair , come back again , maybe finish it of from afar . 
  or just use your range and find some really good sniping spot where you can start shooting enemies that thought they were safe , maybe chase them down if they try to escape . 
  from my exerience , in a 1v1 , a harasser has the advantage , even over an mbt . 
  sunderers are just big fat targets with no ability to escape and no access to decent av weapons , though they might contain dangerous passengers . 
  lightnings are like mbts but have less health and no secondary gunners . 
  even though they are faster than mbts , they 're not as fast as you . 
  if they have the 75mm gun or skyguard , snipe them , if they have the 100mm gun , brawl . 
  mbts are a bit trickier , but as long as they do n't have a manned and decent secondary weapon ( like enforcer , vulcan or halberd ) you should be able to just outmaneuver and/or outrange them . 
  anchored prowlers can also be tricky once they 've spotted you since their high rof makes it easier for them to fight you at short range than for example a vanguard . 
  flashes are either free xp or a waste of ammo , but rarely a threat . 
  other harassers are the only ground vehicles that are really a problem , and that 's only if they also have a good weapon . 
  spread out your units , especially the support weapons . 
  have a halftrack or command post bunker nearby to reinforce casualties . 
  also , if you play as the soviets , try keeping an extra conscript squad behind your defensive line so that you can quickly reinforce a squad with the merge ability and then pull back the cons to a halftrack or your base . 
  another thing you can do is keep even more units behind your defensive line , possibly leaving just the bare minumum to hold the position . 
  this can minimize your casualties if the enemy spams artillery and it can counter enemy flanking maneuvers . 
  and if they make a full scale assault against your few defending units you can make a counter attack which can be very effective since attacking forces tend to lack at guns and mg teams . 
  q episodes, 
  gul dukar episodes, 
  garak episodes, 
  cardassian episodes in general , except those about seska . 
  there seems to be a bug when setting the destination to tier 5 . 
  i only get the message `` oops !, 
  the destination type field may only contain alphabetical characters . '', 
  when i select tier 5 . 
  new bug . 
  even if you choose tier 5 as destination , it will still only calculate the cost to the next tier . 
  one problem ( imo ) with the vehicle vs infantry balance in ps2 is that as soon as a group of infantry encounter a group of vehicles and gets blow up , they can all just respawn as ( or switch to ) ha , max or engineer and get revenge . 
  even if they were nerfed to the ground it still would n't help because people would just keep on respawning and keep spamming and the only change would be that those who play these roles as their main role would be fucked over . 
  i do it myself all the time . 
  if i start getting killed by esfs i ** will ** switch to ha with my aa launcher and get my revenge . 
  then i can just go back to what i was doing before while the esf pilots have to do something else while they wait for their vehicle timers . 
  while i do n't know how to prevent vehicle spam , i would like to see some mechanic for preventing people from changing class too often . 
  so if you play as a medic you ca n't just change class to deal with a single problem , like repairing a vehicle , shooting down a liberator or sniping a sniper and then change back to medic as soon as you 're done . 
  in ps1 you could only forget a cert every 6 hours , so changing your `` class '' could take a while . 
  hmmmm ... 
  i was thinking timers . 
  like if you switch from medic to ha you have to play as ha for x minutes to change class again , but i think i actually prefer your idea . 
  maybe also biolabs since they were the only facilities in ps1 ( except the sanctuary ) where you could change certs and implants . 
  it could possibly also make the galaxy more useful since there would probably be more people in the warpgates in need of transportation other than the people who just logged in or changed continent . 
  same here : <, 
  yeah , but i think bad ideas are better than none . 
  if we keep coming up with bad ideas to solve a problem the devs might at least acknowledge the problem and come up with a ( hopefully better ) solution of their own . 
  i wish we could upgrade scouts . 
  let 's say we could get a mid game unit called explorer , kinda like the land version of the caravel . 
  then late game we could get some sort of stealthy commando unit , to scout enemy territory and possibly pillage tiles . 
  that can be an advantage since a dedicated driver can focus on actually driving the vehicle , avoid obstacles , incoming fire and stuff like that and can look around for other enemies . 
  at the same time the gunner can just focus on murdering your current target . 
  when driving a lightning you have to do both at the same time . 
  biggest problem with this for me is that i ca n't see where i 'm driving unless my target is right in front of me and thus i will crash into stuff .
