  aoe reave goes through their shields so 1-2 reaves and they 're dead . 
  if you run into some clustered enemies , reave then and throw some cluster nades to cause some serious biotic explosions . 
  * defense matrix, 
  * overload or other anti-shield ability . 
  * incinerate or other anti-armor ability . 
  i know sentinel is supposed to be a biotic tech hybrid but for me a sentinel is a tanky class with offensive abilities and i think a geth sentinel would be nice . 
  drell infiltrator . 
  * pull, 
  similar to the other drell classes but with cloak as main ability since it 's an infiltrator . 
  an engineer or sentinel with the defense drone ability , do n't care about race or other abilities but i would like the defense drone in mp . 
  edit : ok , got * to work properly . 
  that 's a bit too similar to the turian soldier imo . 
  i also want it to be a power spammer class rather than a weapon based class . 
  i had pretty much the idea ( but no specific race ) but came to the conclusion it would be too op due to the extreme damage reduction you would get . 
  40-50 % from tech armor , up to 40 % from reave ( but only if you reave organics ) and then 40 % from energy drain if you chose that evolution . 
  so in other words , a class that could possibly become invulnerable when fighting organics and still be pretty much unkillable gainst geth due to getting shields when using energy drain . 
  but as i said , i want a non biotic sentinel . 
  the reason i concider it a sentinel is because it 's a tank style class that rely on powers for offense unlike the soldiers that are also fairly tanky but rely mostly on their guns . 
  some have argued it would be better to have a second geth engineer but i still think it would be better to just call it a sentinel . 
  no no no . 
  more like this . 
  * tactical cloak, 
  * tactical scan . 
  pick a target and go nuts with your favourite assault rifle . 
  90 % damage bonus from cloak and 25 % from scan . 
  70 % rof bonus from marksman and 55 % stability bonus from turian veteran . 
  slap a stability mod on your rifle for almost no recoil at all and enjoy murdering everything in sight until you run out of ammo . 
  i do n't think that would help much , a phalanx or carnifex are very light and hit pretty hard . 
  and since you most likely wo n't die from anything less that a 1hk you could probably just outlast the enemy by never dying while spamming reave/energy drain and popping heads with your pistol . 
  i know that , that 's why the geth sentinel wo n't have biotics . 
  who cares that sentinels `` must '' have biotics ? 
  a geth with defense matrix and 2 tech abilites would fit better in the whole tank + powers role of sentinels than the engineer or soldier role . 
  if we made a drell with cloak and biotics it would still be closer to an infiltrator than a sentinel even if it 's a tech ( cloak ) + biotic class . 
  it would be much more similar to a sentinel than a soldier with these abilites . 
  soldiers are tank classes that use guns while sentinels are tank classes that rely on tech/biotic abilites . 
  a geth sentinel without a biotic ability would still be a lot more similar to the sentinel class than the soldier class . 
  also , what the fuck does learning moves from teammates have to do with this ? 
  well i concider the classes being more like . 
  * soldier : tank + guns, 
  * adept : biotic explosions, 
  * engineer : `` summon '' + tech abilites ( male quarian being the exception ), 
  * infiltrator : anything with tactical cloak, 
  * vanguard : anything with biotic charge, 
  * sentinel : tank + power spamming, 
  so while a geth could n't be a true sentinel in terms of having biotic abilites this class would still be more similar to the sentinel class than the other classes . 
  it could be classified as an engineer since it only has tech abilites but would still play more like a sentinel . 
  well for a geth soldier i 'd rather see something like the me1 [ geth shock trooper ] ( http://masseffect.wikia.com/wiki/geth_shock_trooper ) with carnage , shield boost/defense matrix and geth barrier ( deployable cover ) . 
  and this argument is now pretty much just about me wanting to put a class with the sentinels rather than engineers because i think it would play more like a sentinel and you disagreeing because it lacks biotic abilites . 
  also , what category do the vorchas fall in ? 
  if we look at the vorcha sentinel the flamer is a tech ability but that would make the vorcha soldier an infiltrator due to tech + combat . 
  but if the vorcha soldier is a pure combat class then flamer is a combat ability which means that the vorcha sentinel is a vanguard since combat + biotics = vanguard . 
  they argue the tech armor is their tech ability though i consider it to simply be the sentinels class specific ability . 
  you have to have the pistol equipped to get the melee bonus . 
  well yes but the question was `` does the melee mod factor in when i 'm using the smg or do i have to currently equip the pistol while engaging the enemy for the melee buff ? '', 
  i already said that in my initial post . 
   but makes sense in gameplay . 
  that 's the same reason i want this geth class to be grouped with the sentinels . 
  also , if it had one tech ability and one `` neutral '' ability would you be willing to call it a non biotic sentinel ? 
  very well then . 
  how about the geth having developed some sort of biotic missile using the technology behind warp ammo , biotic grenades and carnage/concussive shot to create a biotic weapon that require no biotic abilities without being a grenade ability . 
  this could be the anti armor ability i mentioned this class should have since biotics are good against armor and barriers . 
  the common use of the word trolling has changed and thus the meaning of the word has changed as well . 
  and it works against barriers . 
  also it can both set up biotic explosions ( like pull ) and detonate them ( like throw ) . 
  it also seem to kill any trooper/cannibal in one hit even on gold . 
  it also seem to have a small chance ( risk ) to lash boss enemies . 
  it must be a bug but i still managed to lash a prime towards me once . 
  how about a phantom + nemesis hybrid as ex-cerberus infiltrator . 
  * some sort of glove-cannon ability . 
  * no idea for third ability . 
  * increased mobility, 
  * sword is melee , heavy melee does a lot of damage and will trigger a 1hk ( instead of normal heavy melee ) if the enemy would have less than x hp left after a heavy melee attack . 
  this class could work as a highly mobile sniper or stealthy melee chracter depending on how you spec it . 
  well it does n't kill them just from the damage it does but from when they smash into things . 
  try lashing them into nearby walls or into the roof for massive damage . 
  i 've even killed hunters and rocket troopers in one hit on fbw/g/g by lashing them into the roof . 
  i 've been using a different build for my reegar si . 
  i went with something like [ this ] ( http://narida.pytalhost.com/me3/classes/#41oappr[2@0 ) . 
  i rely heavily on energy drain both to stun enemies and keep myself alive long enough to get out after killing something . 
  also , rather than using the extended barrel i use the shredder mod in order to deal with armored enemies . 
  it already does enough damage to kill 1-2 normal enemies in one clip without a damage mod but without the shredder mod it 's useless against armor . 
  my tactic works best against geth due to energy drain but also works great against cerberus . 
  only real problem are the reapers due to their lack of shielded enemies to keep me alive . 
  it does . 
  without a shredder mod i could n't do shit against geth pyros but with one i can kill them in one mag ( with cloak bonus ) . 
  unless they get their sensors covered in sand , removing the visual aid from hunter mode and/or tactical scan and makes the screen kinda blurry . 
  i love the gun but i have to agree with them . 
  its low damage to armor is one of its few drawback , together with low spare ammo and very short range . 
  with a shredder mod and extra ammo mod you remove two of those giving you a way too powerful shotgun . 
  could 3 people donate over 1000 $ so i do n't have to see i 'm lonely on the list every time . 
  he 's making me sad . 
  i live in sweden and ca n't remember ever seeing a cart without this . 
  i now have all the weapons except for the n7 valiant and all the rares to lvl x except for the arc pistol , reegar carbine and the crocket launcher . 
  but for some reason i still havent gotten any more of the rebellion classes since i got the cerberus vanguard 6 times and male q engineer last week . 
  i want a fucking vorcha !, 
  any of them will do !, 
  just stop giving me guns i do n't like and characters i already have !, 
  might have been a team of 4 geth infiltrators with krysae rifles only getting kill objectives . 
  i would gladly trade away one level from my javelin for your vorchas . 
  could even give you a wraith level for no extra cost .
