   hull down is terrible , as ** a stationary tank is no threat . 
  what ? 
  as i said , a ** well placed * hull downed panther can be a huge pain in the ass . 
  you basically turn your tank into an extremely durable pak that cant be decrewed and can take an absurd amount of damage . 
  place them near something you want to defend , like a vp , a bridge etc etc and it will take the enemy a lot longer to get through you , and then you just withdraw and repair all your tanks . 
  that 's because it offers no protection from above , ie grenades , mortar and artillery . 
  but an mg42 shooting at a halftrack should be better at killing the passengers than it currently is . 
  imo , the scout car should be for transport troops to the fight , not for them to fight from . 
   hull down is incredibly dangerous as long as ram exists . 
  in coh1 you should almost never lock down your p4 unless you were baiting stickies and knew you could win 100 % . 
  unless you were baiting a ram ( big plays ) , of course . 
  that 's why i 'm saying that a well placed hull down is useful . 
  a hull downed panther is pretty much just an extremely durable pak and as long as you support it with pioneers and other troops it will take a lot of effort for the russians to get rid of it , and unless you 've been overrun you should be able to just retreat with your tanks . 
  one game i actually just put a panther on the middle vp on pripyat and managed to keep it alive for a looooong time with the help of some decent support from stuff like mortars , panzerwerfers and infantry . 
  and ofc quite a few brave ( dead ) pioneers . 
   soviets get replaced with conscripts , which are great all-around . 
  maybe they should change that to fresh conscripts . 
  they were in the sp campaign and they were pretty much just worse conscripts . 
  i know that , but personally i think that the m3 halftrack offer too much protection , not just realistically but also when it comes to balance . 
  an m3 can survive a lot of fire and when it finally blows up , the passengers just retreat back to hq . 
  if an m3 gets into a fight with lets say 2 gren squads or comes under fire from an mg42 some of the passengers should die even if the m3 is mostly unharmed , or maybe in the mgs case , become supressed , even in the halftrack . 
  there is a .50 cal mg ( hmg dshk38 team ) and a 45mm at gun ( at 53k crew ) listed among the soviet units on [ this site ] ( http://coh-moderncombat.com/coh2stats/infantry.html ) . 
  the .50 cal mg team seems reasonable as a doctrinal 360 manpower hmg . 
  i guess it would have higher damage and armor penetration than the maxim , but longer set up time ( like the mg42 ) . 
  the 53-k could also be a doctrinal unit . 
  imagine a 240 manpower at gun avaliable at the first commander level . 
  probably higher rof and turn rate but lower damage and possibly range than the normal zis . 
  there is a unit called fresh conscripts in the campaign . 
  they 're pretty much conscripts except worse . 
  they would make a pretty interesting doctrinal unit if you could call in groups of them ( like 5 squads at a time ) for a fairly low manpower cost ( like 600 , so 50 % cheaper than normal conscripts ) . 
  they should also probably have limited abilites , like no merge or taking over support weapons ( since then you could turn them into something better ) or grenade abilities . 
  maybe just oorah and building sandbags . 
  possibly also hit the dirt if that 's unlocked , but no ppshs . 
  basically , extremely worthless conscripts , but cheap and able to bog down enemy weapon teams . 
  edit : to make them a bit more useful ( evil ) , the enemy should n't be able to tell the difference between fresh and normal conscripts . 
  they should look the same and have the same unit symbol to the enemy but you and your allies would be able to tell the difference . 
  then the germans would n't know if they 're shooting at the cheap meatshields or the guys with molotovs and at nades . 
  people used to think i was a teacher when i was in 10-12th grade . 
  one time i took some classmates to a museum because they missed the class trip earlier that week and i knew the way there . 
  the museum staff thought i was a teacher and had me sign some papers since students and teachers on class trips can get in for free and i was given a bunch of stickers to hand out to my `` students '' . 
   flamethrower or grenade launcher . 
  but those were awful and not very helpful to any faction 's problems . 
  from what i have seen so far , those weapons will make any indoor battle a total nightmare for everyone involved and might be the final nail in the coffin for biolab fights . 
  it 's a nightmare for all vehicles ( though worst for the esfs ) . 
  tiny tiny sneaky heavies hiding behind shit constantly pounding your mbt with their swarms of missiles , only to run out of the nearest spawnroom after a few seconds if you manage to kill one . 
   the show would have been better served with her as a recurring character over 4-5 episodes . 
  i think it would have been better if she had been introduced in season 5 or 6 as a recurring character , as ezri tigan . 
  then we would have gotten more time to get to know her rather than her just showing up out of nowhere as ezri dax in s7 . 
  it would also have allowed us to see how the whole joining thing actually changes a trill . 
  though ofc this would have required planning ahead for a long time . 
  oh yeah , i pretty much avoid tr more when driving a harasser than if i 'm flying a scythe . 
  though that 's probably because i have flares on the scythe and no smoke on the harasser . 
  also , fractures and prowlers . 
  it would still fit . 
  fresh conscripts could be used to keep more important units alive . 
  a german shooting at the fresh conscripts would be one less german shooting at your real infantry , which would help you keeping those units alive and vetted . 
  kinda like how we ( or at least i ) often sacrifice engineers and pioneers to keep an important vehicle alive . 
  i thought there was also something about them sometimes doing 0 damage . 
   they can happily fight in biolabs , and break the nc 's domination . 
  that 's what the lashers and proper miniguns would be for . 
  the problem with the ha versions is that the ttk is pretty high compared to other weapons but since maxs have much higher health they should be able to outlive their opponent , unless it 's a dual shotty nc max at point blank range or something . 
  maybe after a decent live action tv show has made trek popular again . 
  once there is an active fanbase ( or whatever it 's called ) again an animated show could probably work . 
  another advantage would be that some of the old actors could come back as voice actors , at least for special episodes ( probably involving time travel ) since their current appearance would n't really matter . 
  john de lancie has been doing some voice acting work lately so he would probably be up for some animated q episodes . 
  i 've been playing since fairly short after the release of opposing fronts ( iirc ) . 
  and why do you assume i want it to be as weak as in coh1 ? 
  i just want the passengers to be somewhat vulnerable to bullets , at least at short range . 
  the m3 is like a supermobile bunker with built in mgs . 
  you pretty much need a lucky hit with a rifle grenade or mortar to kill the passengers unless the enemy is stupid enough to get within faust range or you have managed to get some t2 unit to counter it , like a pak , upgraded scout car or pz grens with schrecks . 
  and it 's not like i only play as the germans . 
  i 've spent more time as the russians ( at least i think so ) and i still think the m3 is too good . 
  a properly used m3 with some nice passengers is probably one of the most resource effecient things in the game . 
   but if it made them more vulnerable to be inside a vehicle than outside, 
  i never said that . 
  ofc infantry inside a vehicle should be harder to kill than if they 're outside , but atm the m3 feels more like a mobile bunker than a scout car . 
  put a flamer squad in it and you have a cheaper version of the flammpanzerwagen . 
  even if it 's not as good , it 's cheaper in fuel and munition , comes earlier , and the munition upgrade ( the units ) can survive the m3s destruction and be put in a new one . 
  put some guards in an m3 and you can defeat german scout cars that has the autocannon upgrade . 
  and even if the m3 is blown up , the passengers would survive and could retreat or more likely kill the german sc . 
  and oh yeah , no munition cost . 
  put some scout snipers in it and you can just completely destroy the germans until they get paks since the snipers will outrange anything the germans have except mortars , and those are n't really much of a threat to a moving m3 . 
   also , the ap ability on the browning, 
  the mg42 does have an ap ability that is useful vs light vehicles , but it requires the mg42 to reach vet 1 to use it , something that most likely havent happened by the time a clown car drives up to it and murders the entire mg crew . 
  and what does coh1 have to do with coh2 balance ? 
  if [ this post ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/planetside/comments/1apgor/account_wide_unlock_faq/c8zn0f7 ) by higby is true , this should come eventually and not just for bundles but for all weapons . 
  imo this pretty much has to happen asap . 
  i do n't want to feel `` stuck '' in a faction because that 's where i have all my weapons ( and i assume many others feel the same ) or have to rely on boring as fuck ns stuff . 
  edit : maybe we should start poking the devs about it . 
  it has after all been 3 months since that post and unless i 'm blind it 's not even on the roadmap . 
   having the fury mounted on the flash and cloak . 
  i think the wraith cloak and weapons should be mutually exclusive . 
  even the kobalt can be extremely effective with the cloak . 
  maybe they could change the cloak into something for the weapon slot ( like the esfs extra fuel tanks ) , freeing up that cert slot to compensate . 
  i think they should reduce the amount of protection the passengers recieve from bullets ( except from the front ) so that even if the m3 survives , a few of the passengers should be dead . 
  mgs and rifles should be fairly effective at penetrating the side armor , at least at short range . 
  this should at least force the m3 back to the hq more often and give the germans some time to breathe . 
  alternatively , they could give the germans some t1 counter . 
  maybe move their scout car down to t1 . 
  i actually think they are identical .
