  750 km/h is n't that slow . 
  and the better harriers have decent ecm, 
   lspzra sopel - upgraded mt-lb chassis ( opal ) , 2 x 23mm and twin grom launchers . 
   imo the su-25t is n't really worth it . 
  yes , 16 atgms are nice , but to actually fire them you will spend an ungodly amount of time circling above the enemy . 
  imo where the su-25t really shines is on the defense . 
  for murdering heavy tanks you want something like the mig-27k but against something like an assault with 10 ifvs , a bunch of 20 ish point spam tanks + other more fragile units a single su-25t is glorious . 
  well the su-25t have some advantages over helicopters . 
  it 's much much faster which can be very important . 
  like if i have to respond to a successful flanking maneuver or support an ally far away from the rest of my units . 
  it 's less vulnerable to spaags and ir-sams than helicopters and that 's most likely what an attacking enemy will bring . 
  free repair and resupply . 
  at least personally i 've found the su-25t much more useful than a helicopter dealing with a lot of weak targets . 
  well it does n't have wheels so i do n't think it will get 150 km/h roadspeed . 
  well we met some xindi diplomat in the latest episode so they did add something . 
  i 'm not really sure artillery was that accurate back then and you pretty much need a direct hit to take out a tank . 
  more like maybe 50 155 mm shells later ? 
  oh god , i had almost forgotten the way he talks . 
  sometimes it 's like he 's speaking with 1-3 word sentences and a lot of exclamation marks . 
  i do n't mind . 
  it 's just that sometimes sisko !, 
  can become !, 
  very very !, 
  man !, 
  one thing you could do as a compromise for the lack of manpad infantry is to take one card of the nk rifle infantry in the vtt-323 with strela missiles . 
  also , if imo you should use some better transports . 
  put the yuckjeondae in the btr-80a and the tanke shashou ( and zanshi if you do n't replace them with nk guys ) in the wz-551 . 
  yes they cost a bit more but they 're both fast and have some serious firepower . 
  the btr-80a even has 30 % stabilizers so it can win a lot of fights while moving . 
  personally i prefer the pon ` gae-2 over the hq-61 . 
  10 he means that if it does hit and the target does n't have armor ( which is only the a-10 for bluefor planes ) it will instakill it . 
  i also think you should replace the pgz-80 with a ir-sam like the hq-7 or pon ` gae-3 and the pgz-88 with the pgz-95 . 
  you also want fire artillery so remove the howitzer or mlrs and get one or both of the chinese napalm mlrs units . 
  i also do n't think you need that many tanks so remove the 50 or 65 pointer . 
  for recon you could use a faster ground recon vehicle like a jeep , or get the nk bathtub with a gmg and atgm because it 's hilarious . 
  for planes i would replace the f-7b with something a bit better . 
  2x ir missiles with 40 % accuracy wo n't really do much . 
  lastly , do n't upvet the q-5d , it 's a bomber so it does n't really benefit that much from upvetting and it 's better to have an extra just in case . 
  ussr , east germany ( or the east-block coalition ) and north korea ( or red dragons ) . 
  ussr basically has access to a ton of different interesting transports and vehicles . 
  especially the bmp-1d , bmp-3 and btr-t . 
  east germany have the mot . 
  schutzen shock infantry that have access to the bmp-2 . 
  by playing as mechanized and upvetting them it means that you can get up to 33 ( 11 per card ) elite veterancy shock infantry in decent ifvs for just 15 +15 points . 
  the eastern block coalition is pretty much the same as east germany but you will have access to more units like better manpads or atgm infantry and stuff like that to support your mot . 
  nk is fun just because you have access to an ifv with 4x strela anti-air missiles . 
  this means that if you spam a lot of rifle infantry you will quickly create a no-fly zone to protect your blob against napalm bombers and other nasty flying shit . 
  it also has some pretty nasty hmgs with high rof and 1 ap that will quickly kill those 10pt tin-cans that a lot of infantry tend to get transported in . 
  rd is again just the same but with access to other units to compensate for nks weaknesses . 
  personally i would keep the recon tank and remove some normal tanks . 
  it 's pretty good on its own since it has a pretty good gun and it 's useful for supporting your normal tanks on the offensive since it can spot things they ca n't and take more damage than most recon vehicles ( though less than similar tanks ) . 
  well ( iirc ) mot schutzen have better accuracy , rof , movement speed and starting veterancy level than the czech motostrelki . 
  and while the standard bmp-2 is n't the best ifv it 's really cost efficient . 
  first of all , why upvet the bm-24 and msta ? 
  at least personally i prefer quantity over veterancy for units like these , especially when they have low availability to begin with . 
  when it comes to planes i kinda have to agree . 
  the ussr have some really really nice planes ( and you can even get fucking shock infantry in ifvs while playing airborne which has kinda made it one of my favorite nation + specialization combo ) but all the other nations do kinda suck in the air . 
  there are some non-ussr gems though . 
  poland has the napalm bomber with the biggest payload ( 8 x 500kg ) and czechoslovakia are the masters of spamming cheap bombers with near-instant resupply time . 
  also , i would recommend against cluster bomb planes ( except the swedish one and the mig-29 ) . 
  they do zero damage to infantry and vehicles fragile enough to die to 5 ap would also die to he bombs of equal size . 
   in my experience , that vet bonus has not made a difference . 
  i can kind agree that it 's not that noticeable but the bonuses are still there . 
   shock and line infantry still get mowed down by sf . 
  depends on the sf . 
  yeah they might be better but mot schutzen cost fucking 15 points . 
  2 mot schutzen vs 1 30pt elite infantry would in my opinion be a pretty fair fight . 
   in that role , the cheaper polish and czech units are better . 
  i still disagree about this . 
  50 % better accuracy and rof with their main guns + 5km/h faster speed + higher veterancy for just 5pt extra cost is imo totally worth it . 
  also , their veterancy rubs off on their transport so i will also have elite bmp-2s . 
   bmp 2s with konkurs are very efficient imo , and taking them over the east german bmp 2 w/o the konkur is very good to compensate the range of the autocannon . 
  imo it is not worth 10 more points to get 3 ( somewhat-shitty ) atgms . 
  also , the mot schutzen does have access to it as well . 
  exactly . 
  you do n't really need the veterancy bonuses and they 're not that expensive so you can buy another one later on , and 2 unvetted howitzers    1 upvetted . 
  if your artillery units need reduced stun-time then you 're doing something wrong . 
  while i really love the bkan i have to disagree that it 's anything like the as-90 , caesar or msta . 
  those 3 have insane accuracy and really really quick aim-time which makes them extremely effective at quickly taking out priority targets before they can escape . 
  a group of 4-6 bkan on the other hand feels more like a rapid-reload mlrs , fucking up entire villages one salvo at a time . 
  yeah but it 's not a `` finger of doom '' like the as-90 , caesar and msta . 
  except the mig-29 , but that 's only because it 's basically a really good asf with cluster bombs instead of ir-missiles . 
  most of blufors clusterbombers are useless as well except the viggen with 10 ap bombs . 
   for every 175m below maximum range , the ap value is increased by 1 . 
  i heard it was every 350m, 
  that 's not the same thing though . 
  different truck and different missile . 
  [ this ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/57/rdn_mobile_misbat.jpg ) thing looks more like it . 
  apparently my sources were simply outdated . 
  for example the wiki says +1 ap every 350m but i guess that was in alb . 
  if they forgot to raise the missiles then i do n't think it would be the back blast that 's shattering the cab . 
  would .50 cal mgs really do much against a ship ? 
  sure it was n't a b-25 with a 75mm cannon ? 
  they made a few gunship versions that had a 75mm cannon, 
  source ? 
  thickest armor in the game afaik . 
   i 'd put the vdv '90 in the basic btr . 
  they 're cheaper and you get more of them . 
  imo it 's worth 15 points to get shitty atgm or aa unit instead of just a 10pt tin-can . 
  and it does n't affect the availability at all , he just upvetted them .
