  also , wikipedia mentions that there is a bigdog prototype with an arm that can lift 50 pound . 
  give the ls3 two of those with some decent hands and give it a gun , you now have a stupid robotic squadmember that can carry a quarter ton of stuff , fight and take a beating . 
  should require a repair specialist to `` heal '' . 
  then add some `` utility '' version with built in equipment like maybe a remote controlled hmg/gmg , communication equipment or maybe some sensors . 
  i totally agree , but you forgot upwards . 
  or maybe that should be a new cert whenever they add alternate faction specific abilities to the mbts , the magjumper . 
  while i did n't spend any money i still kinda wish i could get a refund . 
  i ca n't put my finger on it but after using the scim a few times it just felt wrong . 
  i 'm not saying it 's a bad ship , i just did n't enjoy flying it , at all . 
  i also dislike how similar they are ( yes i know that so are the odysseys , bortases and vestas , but the kumaris actually had different boff layouts ) cause i feel like the scimitar is gon na be the only one used since these ships are all about the dps and the scimitars 5 tac consoles makes it the king of dps . 
  for some reason the ai is much better at playing as the germans than as the soviets . 
  it 's also extremely agressive when it comes to taking points and will as you noticed attack all over the map . 
  my counter to that is to use some mobile units like clowncars or flammwagens to hunt down the lone squads . 
   hould n't they just automatically do it to avoid enemy fire or get to move destinations quicker ? 
  i think we have to do it manually to reward micromanaging your units movements rather than just saying `` go there '' . 
   if there was just an option to rotate the tank movement would be perfect . 
  oh yes !, 
  and for weapon teams as well . 
  i remember some rts ( could be men of war ) having a `` face direction '' order where you simply clicked somewhere and the unit would turn towards that position . 
  very useful for making sure tanks and heavy weapons were pointed in the right direction . 
  i think it might be to reward micromanagement . 
  i would like it if they vaulted when retreating though , and maybe when ooorahing and sprinting . 
  i think there should be many different types of flares that we can get through ammo certs . 
  * ** standard flare . 
  ** good old illumination flare . 
  a faction colored flare you fire into the sky to turn night into day . 
  has a parachute to make it slowly fall towards the ground . 
  only really useful for illumination and as a signal . 
  ** a flare that you fire towards a position to mark it . 
  longer burn duration but not as strong as the standard flare and does n't have the parachute . 
  will show up on the hud , at least for vehicles , as some sort of symbol . 
  ( inspired by algebrace ), 
  ** does n't really do anything for normal people but will disrupt ir/nv looking towards it . 
  fire one behind you and charge the enemy ( like in shattered horizon ) , if they try to look at you with nv all they will see is a thousand suns . 
  could possibly be used as a missile countermeasures . 
  ** if fired towards a vehicle it will somehow ( nanites ! ), 
  set of the lock-on alert and scare the target into thinking it 's under attack by has . 
  might not be that useful since vehicles are by default always under attack by has . 
  * ** flash flare . 
  ** an extremely bright flare with an equally short burn duration . 
  like a flashbang but without the bang . 
  some of these might need extra drawbacks to prevent them from being used too much and thus become too annoying . 
  they 've added a thing called the reputation system . 
  there is the omega , romulan and nukara reputation ( and the event one but it works differently ) . 
  each one uses its own marks . 
  marks are aquired through different missions , like stfs ( omega marks ) , crystaline entity ( nukara or fleet marks ) and many others . 
  once you reach lvl 50 you have the ability to use the reputation system . 
  it works by you running projects that gives you reputation . 
  each project costs marks , xp and some random stuff and takes 20 hours to complete . 
  there are two projects for each reputation , one that gives you 2000 reputation and one that gives you 800 . 
  running only the 2000 rep project is more cost effecient but running both will give you reputation faster . 
  every x reputation you will reach a tier , 5000 for tier 1 , 15000 for tier 2 etc etc. 
  tier 5 ( last one ) is 100k reputation , so it will take you between 35 and 50 project runs depending on if you do both or just the 2000 rep one . 
  the different tier will give you passive bonuses ( except tier 5 that gives you an ability ) , the ability to unlock stuff for the reputation store and the ability to run special equipment project that will give you equipment that can not be aquired any other way . 
  it 's a grind that you must grind to grind and takes about a month to complete . 
  enjoy . 
  huh , i never noticed that they were that much weaker . 
  i just figured they would be better than pioneers with their mp40s because they would be better trained in combat . 
  might also have had something to do with how i managed to equip two of the squads with nothing but at rifles in that mission , giving them quite a lot of dakka . 
  of course i know that , but at least for me it has a tendency to make the units also move which can be very annoying . 
  do n't forget that the regent would also give him the wide angle quantom torp and a 3 fsm discount for the fleet assault cruiser . 
   ir flares are more useful to designate friendlies or enemy targets which is very helpful for high altitude bombing . 
  well that would be the marker flare , except that it 's also visible to the naked eye . 
  the ir flare i mentioned would be more like an omnidirectional [ ir `` dazzler '' ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dazzler_%28weapon%29 ) in the form of a flare . 
   as for the missile flares they could reduce lock on time . 
  why ? 
  it 's not a lock-on . 
  no , in fact it does lower dps than a normal quantom torp . 
  the benefit of the wide angle torp is that it has a 180 degree firing arc compared to the 90 degrees most torp launchers have . 
  this enables it to be used when broadsiding , making it very useful for cruisers and other slow ships . 
  according to the prequel comics , the nerada was a mining vessel made by the romulan empire . 
  after the destruction of romulus it was retrofitted with borg technology and other stuff which allowed it to also adapt itself , eventually turning it into the giant tentaclemonster it was in the movie . 
  i 'm pretty sure they 've talked about adding guns that would require a dedicated gunner . 
  the prowlers quad gun and the vanguards enormous railgun iirc . 
  well the problem is that the temporal science vessel is worth 30 mil more than the adapted destroyer . 
  cheapest temporal science vessel right now costs 84.5 mil ec and the cheapest adapted destroyer , 55 mil ec . 
  so obviously you 're gon na have a hard time doing a trade unless you throw in something extra ( like a bunch of keys ) to cover the difference . 
  not if the guy could just sell his temporal science vessel on the exchange , buy an adapted destroyer and have 30 mil ec left to buy other stuff with . 
  soviet mine spam doctrine ( note : only useful for teamgames , might make your team hate you early game ) . 
  start by getting the support weapon building , because you want that built before you actually need it , then train a conscript squad . 
  next you will get an mg , an at gun , a second infantry squad , a second engineer squad an a bunch of munition caches . 
  the order is n't that important . 
  then you station your little force of combat unit near a vp that you want to hold and use your engineers to lay mines and build more munition caches . 
  you might get a 3rd engineer but it 's not always needed . 
  start by laying mines near the vp you 're defending since your force there will be pretty weak , then proceed to mine every chokepoint , capture point and shortcut you can find ( like corners ) . 
  then mine roads and building entrances . 
  after you 've done that it 's time to go commando and start sending your engineers behind enemy lines to mine stuff there . 
  highest priority in enemy territory is chokepoints and fireplaces ( if it 's a winter map ) and then just wherever you feel like . 
  mines are n't that effecient and wo n't really kill anything other than a german light vehicle , but any squad that steps on one or heavier vehicle that drives on one must be reinforced or repaired , costing the germans time and manpower , unless they 're willing to go into battle with half dead squads and damaged tanks . 
  continue doing this the entire game , maye build any of the vehicle production buildings , or do n't and just get doctrinal vehicles . 
  not the best tactic but it 's 100 % evil and no one uses mine detectors ever . 
  if your firiend is willing to spend zen ( and since he has a lockbox ship i guess he is ) he could buy stuff like fleet ship modules or keys and trade those + the adapted destroyer for the temp sci vessel . 
  that way the 10 mil ec cap would n't matter . 
  [ temporal science vessel ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ac_cobra ), 
  [ adapted destroyer ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ford_shelby_cobra_concept ), 
  ie , the sci vessel is the old rare car that 's not produced anymore while the adapted destroyer is this new shiny `` better '' car that in the end is worth less because it 's not old and rare . 
  the adapted destroyer is worth 55 mil ec , the temp sci vessel 85 mil ec . 
  the difference is thus 30 mil ec . 
  6 fleet ship modules or 20 keys is worth about 30 mil ec so those ** plus ** the adapted destroyer is worth about 85 mil ec and thus the same as the temp sci vessel . 
  i did n't say 30 keys , rnraintnoisepolution did .
