  first playthrough i obviously chose anderson cause i concidered udina to be a dick . 
  then during another laythrough i chose udina just to see what happened . 
  then he had his little `` drive them back into darkspace !!! '', 
  speech and i have never chosen anderson ever again . 
  [ i was pretty upset over what happened in me3 ] ( / spoiler `` me3 '' ), 
  i think it will be much better when more people have the lock-on launcher for ha , dual at weapons for max and the at weapon for engineer . 
  as a temporary fix they should reduce the cost of the lock-on launcher and/or buff the standard launcher so ha will be even more effective against tanks . 
  i would assume it buffs the turrets ammo pack since ace tool = turret . 
  maybe they should swap the standard gun with the armor piercing gun in the store , like they did with the 105mm and 30mm aa for the liberator . 
  that way people can buy the heat gun if they want a more allround tank gun but otherwise they would be stuck with the at gun . 
  i 'm not sure i would recommend this . 
  i once dropped on a liberator and i ended up being roadkilled by the libby . 
  on the other hand i have done it successfully but it 's still pretty risky . 
  i think tank spamming will be less effective as more people start getting the lock-on launcher for ha and second at weapon for max . 
  and engineers are supposed to get an anti-vehicle turret in the future so then 3/6 classes will be pretty good at killing tanks . 
  bring up the turret , press b. 
  you do n't even need to have the ammo pack in the utlility slot so you can carry something else in that . 
  i ca n't believe no one has said magma !, 
  nope , you do n't need a cert for it , i think the cert simply improves it . 
  i would love to see some sort of flying base similar to the bf 2142 titans . 
  really expensive , long sawntimer and a limit on how many per continent per team but it would be able to provide a spawnpoint and fire support for a large scale attack . 
  suddenly galaxies and las with c4 would be more important than ever . 
  edit : maybe it should cost auraxium and members of an outfit would be able to donate auraxium and other resources to buy/construct things such as titans . 
  give it several systems that can be destroyed individually , a bunch of different guns , a shield generator , an armor reair system and the engines . 
  all should be destroyable from both the inside and outside . 
  the outfit leader would be in control of the titan but should be able to give the cintrol rights to anyone he wishes in the outfit . 
  it should be controllable both manually and by using the map but you should have better control when doing it manually , like adjusting height , seeing the healthbar and status of systems and seeing who is in which gun . 
  it should also have a minimum spawn timer so even if the outfit can keep their titan alive for quite some time they would sill have to wait a week . 
  drugs , lots of drugs . 
  while it could be concidered `` cheating '' i 'd recommend you install mechjeb to help you out and then experiment by following the instructions already posted here . 
  mechjeb can put you in circular orbitall by itself and while it 's best to learn by doing it yourself it will at least help you by showing how to do it and you can take control any time you want . 
  there 's only one way to find out . 
  i like it since it 's pretty spammable , can provide some stun and crowd control and if you 're fighting reapers , can tie up a banshee or brute . 
  purple and fucking cyan !, 
  everyone i know has this problem . 
  it 's pretty annoying and the spawncampers really dont deserve all those points , but it is pretty fun to run over there and snipe them as they sit there with their machineguns . 
  well if you could , it would be really cool . 
  and if not , just make them underpowered . 
  well i thought it could have something like 4 guns on top and 4 guns beneath and the type of guns should be customizable . 
  for the bottom guns you could chose between the same guns as the liberator and for the top guns , same as the aa and at guns in bases . 
  also a specialized anti-titan gun , extremely high damage , and long range but low rof and almost no aoe . 
  my kroguard loves it . 
  was able to do fwb/g/p yesterday in 24 minutes . 
  and camping in the old room in gold is still viable , you just need 2 people guarding the left stair and 2 behind the desk taking out everything else . 
  also , tech classes arew the new biotic classes . 
  get n7 paladins , demolishers and shadows , salarians , human engineers , quarian engineers etc etc and you will nuke everything with fire explosions and tech bursts faster than you ever could with biotic explosions . 
  `` northern baltic sea coast artillery reconnaissance flight simulator facility equipment maintenance follow-up system discussion post preparation work ( s ) . '', 
  as a vs , [ wut ? 
  ] ( http://cache.ohinternet.com/images/d/d7/lol_wut_pear.jpg ), 
  i wonder if a male asari would reproduce in the `` opposite '' way of a female asari . 
  they can make anyone else pregnant , no matter what race or gender , the same way a normal asari would become pregnant . 
  [ are you sure your real name isnt sam ? 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c4ex2tt87fu ), 
  planetside 2 , now with skul-gun, 
  according to [ this ] ( http://wiki.planetsidesyndicate.com/index.php?title=continent ) wiki page , they all used to be on the planet auraxis but somehow ended up on different planets . 
  but because i havent heard anything about `` the bending '' in ps2 and the looks of the travel map the continents are probably on the same planet , so far . 
  how about this . 
  when a faction gets locked in their warpgate , `` high command '' sends over some resources they had stockpiled somewhere else . 
  or in other words , when a faction is stuck at their gate , they all get a one time boost of 750 alloys , polymer and catalysts and an increased resource income for x minutes . 
  possibly also a decrease in vehicle spawntime . 
  this should hopefully enable them to tankspam themselves out of the warpgate and capture some territory before they lose their bonus . 
  my guess is that it prevented you from getting killed by one hit while in health . 
  afaik i would always end up at half a healthbar even though the damage should have been enough to kill me . 
  if that was the case and they changed that it means you can survive one less hit which indeed could explain why people die so easy . 
  nc snipers are the only one who can kill with one headshot from a distance . 
  my `` wut '' had nothing to do with `` infil '' and more to do with the incomprehensible text full of gibberish and lies you posted . 
  vr room all the way . 
  not only would you be able to try new weapons and certs but you could practice things like flying and long range sniping in a safe enviroment . 
  a base like that would look nice in the volcanic crater on searhus . 
  maybe so , but a few cloaked `` npcs '' moving at different speeds at different distances might at least demonstrate how visible you are when you are cloaked . 
  i would actually love to play as udina in mp ( though in armor and with guns ) as long as he says things like `` drive them back into darkspace '' and `` this is an outrage ! '' . 
  he should also have an aoe dot attack called political shitstorm . 
  edit : when revived he would say `` i have more power than any human in history , but today you saw how little that is . '', 
  if i ever got this many people organized i would try to either get them all into lightnings or into esfs . 
  just imagine a platoon of reavers attacking a base . 
  [ deal with it ] ( http://i682.photobucket.com/albums/vv183/psn8214/deal_with_it_mass_effect_2.jpg ), 
  well since capturing a base gives you xp it will now give you auraxium thus rewarding players capturing bases . 
  but since nc wont just gain passive auraxium by afking in esamir they might actually go to indar to fight , making it easier for vs and tr to push back on esamir . 
  me and a friend have been discussion a mix between ftl , dwarf fortress and evil genius . 
  more of a ship management simulator , were you not only have to think about combat capabilites but also crew morale , long term supplies , general safety etc etc. 
  that 's essentially the idea . 
  there should probably be a few starting hulls that you then expand , and/or it should be more like df were you start with x resources that you then spend on equipment and resources , and in this case also building the ship . 
  there would also be more systems than ftl , like mining equipment , refineries , different production machines , food/farming , research etc etc but getting enough room and energy to power it all would be very hard so you 'd always be reliant on trading or pirating to get what you cant produce . 
  not much really , it 's just me ( a huge gamer ) and a friend who is studying game design who sometimes like to brainstorm game ideas for fun . 
  my idea for how to design the ship would be pretty similar to df , though with better ui and controls . 
  simply draw walls , floors and roofs will be put there by default . 
  outer walls will be 1 tile thick ( except where you put things like weapons , engines , airlocks etc. 
  ) , then you put things like doors , elevators , stairs and other means for crew to get around the ship . 
  putting systems in the ship would work similar to df or eg , they take x * y tiles of floor space , some require crew to access them from certain positions and some must be put at an outer wall or a bottom/top deck . 
  then you designate certain rooms as storage rooms for all the things you will need and that 's pretty much it . 
  in the end you should be able to pretty much design your ship anyway you want as long as you like square shapes . 
  liking the borg would be recommended . 
  well i meant blocky . 
  blocky tiles , blocky walls and blocky systems . 
  just like df , ftl and evil genius . 
  i allways assumed they traveled in tunnels below the sea . 
  spacex should get mechjeb , then maybe this wouldnt have happened . 
  quarian female engineer is pretty good if you have someone who can detonate for you , like an n7 shadow or anyone with chain overload/aoe energy drain/arc grenade, 
  just throw your flamethrower turret towards the enemies and then spam aoe incinerate at anyting you see . 
  i guess they could increase the speed and reduce something else on the esfs to make it feel more like flying an airplane and less like some strange helicopter .
