  this way i can get t-34s extremely early and can keep producing them at a very high rate . 
  this way i can usually get t-34s before the germans have any proper armor ( or even at ) themselves and can therefore dominate the battlefield for a while . 
  then i usually just station most of my tanks in range of the middle vp , have some unit providing vission for them and then i keep harrassing the enemy with t-34s and infantry in scout cars . 
  if both my teamates did this , then we would have at least 3 snipercars . 
  the amount of grief this would cause the enemy early on would be worth it . 
  cods martyrdom meets planetside 2s revive grenade . 
  medics become the most annoying class in ps2 . 
  yes , and it can be pretty easy if you and your team knows what it 's doing . 
  also , one time when i decided to pug it , i ended up with the most op guys ever . 
  tholian carriers with the ultra rare scorpion fighters , before they had fixed the bug that allowed you to deploy twice as many fighters as you should . 
  the first unimatrix thingie was at 50 % health after the cutscene had ended and it died about 10 seconds later . 
  in the end , we completed it in about the same time you complete ise with a good team . 
   why must vanu get a helmet that actually shows their face ? 
  because soe hates vanu . 
  yet we had diapers until the recent update . 
  aaaaah , one of my favorite bf : bc2 tactics , spam smoke and move in for some cqc . 
  * name : plasma/cluster/thermobaric bomb, 
  * faction : all, 
  * vehicle : esf, 
  * role : anti-ground precision bombing . 
  * description : unguided bombs for esfs to be used as a dedicated anti-ground weapon that 's more powerful but also harder to use than the point-and-click lolpods . 
  vs would get plasma bombs , tr cluster bombs and nc tiny thermobaric bombs . 
  difference would be mostly visual . 
  should come with built in stuka sirens . 
  * name : bunch-a-bombs, 
  * faction : ns, 
  * vehicle : liberator, 
  * role : anti-ground carpet bombing, 
  * description : each bomb would have similar damage and aoe as a zephyr shell but you would drop more of them and at a higher rate . 
  used to attack large groups of enemies . 
  should possibly make the lib more fragile , ie , less health . 
  * name : force/chain/mag sword, 
  * faction : all, 
  * role : melee secondary weapon, 
  * class : all normal infantry . 
  * description : like the knife , but with longer range , hitting stuff in an arc , and higher damage , though still not a ohk . 
  should be used mostly as a cqc last resort weapon for when you 've run out of ammo , do n't have time to reload or your primary is unsuited for short range . 
  would look like larger versions of the knives , though the tr sword should look like a larger version of their ps1 knife . 
  when ? 
  it 's over 4 hours long !, 
  found it . 
  capturable spawns . 
  squad/platoon only ams galaxies ( must remain ariborne ) . 
  spawn beacons . 
  i had [ a similar idea ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/planetside/comments/197s51/return_of_auraxium/ ) about 1 month ago except that there would be a 4th resource for stuff like this . 
  because as long as it 's airborne it 's exposed to aa , which this game has plenty of . 
  even a br1 player could bring out a 1 burster max and start pounding . 
  if it could land and still spawn people , it could be hidden behind buildings , rocks and other obstacles making it harder to find and destroy , it would also make ams sunderers mostly pointless . 
  ok , then . 
  what if the requirment was that it has to fly 50-100m above ground at a max speed of 100 km/h for the ams to work ? 
  it 's not my idea , just one i 've seen very often here and that from what i could tell , most people liked . 
  other solutions could be that it ca n't be repaired while deployed ( soe tried that in beta , did n't work well ) , that it wo n't function as a spawnpoint while taking fire , or as you suggest , that it only works for squadmembers . 
  i 'd still prefer it if it had to be flying since then we 'd have some neat paratrooper action but the galaxy would be very exposed . 
  it would also not enable people to get max armor or resupply , though that could apply to ams gal in general . 
  the reputation system not requiring commodities and consumables . 
  i 'd be much much happier if i only had to throw in some marks , xp and even possibly ec and just get it over with . 
  it 's already a chore grinding the marks and waitning for the projects to finish without having to aquire worthless crap items all the time . 
  i 'd rather see them replaced with unguided bombs . 
  the lolpods kinda turn a2g combat into a point and click adventure game . 
  point esf at target , klick/hold m1 , recieve xp . 
  at least bombs would ( hopefully ) require a bit more skill to use but as a benefit could be more powerful . 
  it 's still annoying to get them . 
  also , consumables have such small stacks that if you try to stockpile them you 'd end up filling up your inventory and/or bank . 
  since they changed the foundry mission system , it just havent been publicly known until quite recently . 
  trying to register on ps2s us website as a european will result in being redirected to the . eu website . 
  luckily there 's a very easy way around this . 
  simply , go to pretty much any soe website except ps2 and register an account there . 
  www.soe.com should work . 
  kv-8s work really well as a sort of anti-infantry support tank for russian assault guns and the is-2 . 
  the latter can focus on vehicles while the kv-8 makes sure that enemy infantry stay far away . 
  it 's also useful as a sort of counter attack vehicle , especially around vps since you can very quickly get rid of any infantry trying to cap the point and during snowstorms since you can then get pretty damn close before being seen . 
  yup, 
   also bursters and skyguards should have their effectiveness swapped . 
  yes please . 
  maxs and has already have an enormous benefit due to their ease of access , low/no cost and small size . 
  oh look , another indirect tank nerf . 
  one thing i noticed was that while in lockdown , your `` pivot/traverse '' range is still very high , 180 degrees . 
  i think they should reduce it to maybe 90 degrees and make it take longer to deploy and undeploy , that way it would be easier to flank the max and positioning it would be much more important . 
  indeed . 
  soe pretty much needs to both buff tanks and nerf some of the av/aa . 
  currently 4/6 classes are potentially dangerous to vehicles , only medics and infiltrators are ( mostly ) harmless . 
  bursters , mana av turrets and target specific lock-on launchers are the first things that comes to my mind . 
  burster maxs are simply too powerful for their price and size . 
  they 're avaliable almost anywhere , can hide in strange places and can do an absurd amount of damage . 
  the av mana turret enables engineers to enage tanks at long range . 
  high damage + infinite ammo + super accuracy is just too much . 
  imo , it should just be a dumbfire launcher with high accuracy and no drop . 
  my main issue with the target specific lock-on launchers is the damage they do . 
  1500 damage is only 11 % or 200 damage less than the default dumbfire launchers which is n't really much of a penalty in exchange for the target lock ability . 
  lock-on launchers in general kinda ruin vehicle gameplay for new players as they have more or less made flares a requirement and to some extent smoke as well . 
  sniper squad + scout car is also nice since you then have a sniper squad that 's faster than the german infantry and can fire on the move . 
  i honestly think we should be able to switch servers for free . 
  it should be more like a normal fps where you simply chose a server after you select your character . 
  and as long as people would n't be allowed to join a server where their faction is overpopulated , it should hopefully fix the balance problem . 
  it would also help to fill the servers and remove the need for future server merges since people could just go to a populated server by themselves . 
  i know soe needs to make money , but they wo n't do that if people stop playing the game . 
  one idea i really liked from a recent thread would be to give mbts a major hp increase but also add mobility and firepower kills . 
  that way mbts would be a lot harder to kill but it would be possible to disable or reduce their combat capabilites by damaging or destroying certain parts like the main gun , engine etc. 
  they could just add a warning sound when someone is pointing the guiding laser at your vehicle . 
  a different sound from the lock warning and it should say `` laser '' or something like that .
