  * shadow dancers was a melee dps hero with access to the lore of shadows but i think ca merged it with the branchwraith in tww . 
  on top of all this we 're also lacking the ability to choose their weapon types . 
  most combat oriented lords and heroes have at least some weapon options in tt , most commonly great weapons . 
  and then there are still some units missing . 
  oh yeah , forgot about missing mount options ( goblin great shaman can have an arachnarok as a mount in tt ) . 
   also i understand why they cut some content . 
  orcs & goblins army has a lot of slight variations of the same units . 
  basically every goblin has night/standard versions as well as many orcs having standard/savage/black options . 
  so their list would bloat up to like double its size by just including tons of variants . 
  i know , that 's why i for example did n't mention the other variants of the goblin big boss and shaman . 
  and when it comes to the orcs they do n't need all the variants but currently they have no orc great shaman or orc big boss variants at all . 
  and the savage orc warboss and big boss could be pretty different from the other variants statwise , low armor , physical resistance , frenzy etc etc. 
  and the wurrzag campaign could really benefit from either a savage orc warboss or great shaman with the brutal ladz and real savage boyz skills . 
  oh right , kinda forgot about the beastmen . 
  yeah the doombull would be really awesome so we can make entire armies of cattle-men . 
  i had been waiting for this chapter for months and yesterday i found it in an old thread on / u / so i figured i would share it with the rest of you . 
  i had been waiting for this chapter for months and yesterday i found it in an old thread on / u / so i figured i would share it with the rest of you . 
  this would have been a great time to use singular they, 
  dark elves probably use r-selection while high elves use k-selection / s, 
  i have a love/hate relationship with the skarsnik campaign . 
  i do like the whole thing about only using goblins and when they get +36 ma they really do become insanely strong . 
  but imo it 's a bit annoying that you basically have to rely on the goblin buff skills to really make them viable . 
  armies led by new lords feel way too weak imo and their garrisons are just awful if the enemies have anything armored ( some nasty skulkers would be nice ) . 
  i wish the crooked moons had more faction bonuses for goblins than the upkeep reduction and/or some new research in the tech tree for buffing goblins so their goblins really are better than those in any other army led by a night goblin warboss . 
  that would be nice but would also require too much work ( probably ) for something fairly minor . 
  i was thinking something more like reducing the two goblin buffing skills from +36 ma to +24 ma and then give the crooked moon +12 ma as a faction bonus . 
   missing units : 2 - daemon slayer ( lord ) , dragon slayer ( hero ), 
  we 're also missing giant slayers and since slayers carried both dual axes and 2h axes there could be a great weapon variant of slayers as well . 
  we also need the [ savage orcs with big stabba ] ( https://vignette2.wikia.nocookie.net/warhammerfb/images/1/1c/savage_orc_boyz_%2812%29_-_big_stabba.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20160806133314 ) as a unit . 
  edit : another unit i want is marksmen with hochland long rifles . 
  in tt you could have one of these in each group of handgunners . 
  imagine handgunners with 50 % longer range , better accuracy and slower rof and/or smaller unit size . 
  btw , giant slayers are n't heroes , they 're just a much better version of the troll slayers ( aka normal slayers ) . 
  yeah when it 's completely empty you just jam a 5 round clip into it . 
   the problem with dogs of war is , they 'd be difficult to do well . 
  i think they 'd have to be a horde faction who temporarily allies with another faction and gets paid by them . 
  imo the dow sounds like they would work better as mercenaries like we had in the older tw games . 
  or maybe some event that lets us recruit some of their units for a few turns . 
  my guess is that a lot of people are dying from the birthday sickness thing that kills people every 2000 years . 
  it 's been 5 hours . 
  yeah i 'm gon na have a small hope for middenland , mousillion , karak kadrin + another greenskin subfaction since they already have rors ( though maybe they could give the greenskins some more rors that are n't gobboz ), 
  personally i 've been hoping for a slayer update for the dwarfs that move ungrim to karak kadrin and adds daemon slayers ( lords ) , dragon slayers ( heroes ) , giant slayers ( possibly also with gw variant ) and slayers with great weapons . 
  auto resolving treating mages like melee units . 
  with their shitty combat stats they take stupid amounts of damage when using ar . 
  also , ar and the ai treating free company militia like ranged infantry ( imo they 're melee inf with pistols ) . 
  edit : more variety when it comes to skills . 
  i do n't like stuff like the +10 % range resist skill that everyone and their mother has access to . 
  yeah while it is kinda unlikely i 'm still hoping for both new sub-factions and some new units for the 4 main factions . 
  middenland with their special units from storm of chaos replacing some normal empire units would be awesome but i would also be ok if they save this for a paid dlc as long as they eventually add it . 
  averland could also work since marius leitdorf ( the ec of averland ) is an ll in tt . 
  he 's apparently a great swordsman and tactician ... and completely and utterly mad . 
  if they add averland or some other normal empire faction i 'm hoping for the celestial hurricanum , master engineers , battle wizard lords , maybe huntsmen with an anti-large bonus or something and lastly marksmen with hochland long rifles ( in tt you were limited one per group of handgunners but so were grenade launchers for outriders ) . 
  kraka-drak with ungrim and all the missing slayer units seem like a good choice for the dwarfs . 
  slayers with great weapons , giant slayers , dragon slayers and daemon slayers . 
  combine it with some fancy faction bonuses for slayers and more slayer bonuses in the red skill-tree for ungrim and the daemon slayers and we 're ready to go . 
  mousillion is the obvious choice for the vc but i do n't know if they could get any new units . 
  maybe give them some peasants instead of their normal infantry . 
  the greenskins already have wurrzag and skarsnik so they should only get new units imo . 
  like the big stabba , some squig and some of their many missing hero and lord options . 
  it was an upgrade option for them in tt though . 
  the greenskins have a ton of upgrade options that could be used as extra units in tw : w ( and show up in many mods ) like black orcs with shields or dual hand weapons , or normal orcs with spears . 
  yeah they can get +21 armor from skills but they still do n't really reach heavy armor levels which should be around 90 . 
  i did forget they can get the barded warhorse which gives them an additional +30 armor which i guess makes them fairly tanky but imo they should still have higher base armor and less bonuses from skills and their mount . 
  i wish they would replace the ump9 with the ump45 and add a different 9 mm smg instead ( like the mp5k ) . 
  maybe replace the nagant revolver with a .45 revolver as well . 
  the vector is n't really more powerful than the ump . 
  in fact it does less damage per shot ( one of the reasons i want the ump45 instead ) and has a much smaller magazine . 
  it does make up for it with its insane rof and thus higher dps but 90 % of the time the ump is better imo . 
  the reason i want a .45 revolver is so we can have two 9 mm sidearms and two .45 sidearms and because i want a revolver that 's not awful . 
  like give me a s&w or a colt revolver with a speed-loader and maybe the option to put a scope on it ( [ like this colt python ] ( http://media.liveauctiongroup.net/i/12142/12221821_1.jpg?v=8ced974fc585620 ) ) and i 'll be really happy . 
  there are two .45 smgs though . 
  the vector and the tommygun , but the latter is only from carepackages . 
  i would n't mind a .44 gun but then it would have its own special ammo that no other gun uses which is why i think a .45 revolver is better . 
  oh i 'm very well aware of that ( fucking 9x19 in a vss ... ) but i think that putting .45 ammo in a .44 gun is a line we should avoid crossing , especially when there are plenty of .45 revolvers they could add instead . 
  so i assume something like +12 ma and leadership from the icy wrath skill and physical resistance from frostbitten for all his trolls . 
  yeah but the awm is special . 
  if it did n't have its own special ammo it would be too op . 
  i just want a .45 revolver to replace the nagant revolver with similar ( ish ) stats and spawn rate . 
  the cure for mpb is using something like finasteride to get rid of your dht which is the main villain . 
  though it only works if you went bald recently or you 're just beginning to lose hair and even then you 'd also want something like minoxidil and some vitamins to help it grow . 
  or you can get rid of all your testosterone since that will also get rid of your dht but unless you 're planning on transitioning that 's a bit overkill . 
  aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhh !!!, 
  i need to know what the empire is getting . 
  not that i 'm not grateful for these neat rors but i was mainly sitting here waiting for the announcement to find out what the main 4 factions will get . 
  i hope i do n't have to wait too long , 
  yeah i mostly just want to know what the empire is getting . 
  we already kinda knew about the rors since they were seen in the livestream . 
  i guess i 'll just have to wait a few more days ... 
  oh graceful gracious grace , could you give us some minor hint ( like a pun ) about what the 4 main factions might get ? 
  i want a ror of extremely filthy and diseased peasants that cause a leadership penalty and damage over time to all nearby units , including your own . 
  normal peasants would look clean and smell like roses compared to these guys . 
  i know they 're adding something like this in tw : w2 but i really wish tw : w had armies similar to the one shown here just roaming the old world . 
  like an army made up of nothing but minotaurs ( give doombull pls ) with maybe 1-2 cygors , a goblin warboss with a ton of spider riders and some arachnaroks or a strigoi ghoul kings with crypt ghouls and crypt horrors . 
  not just the vanilla factions imo . 
  bretonnia and the beastmen could also need some love . 
  low born militia only give +6 leadership and md to infantry , chivalric code give a whole whooping +4 ma and +10 % cb to cav units and beastlods lash give +9 cb to ungors . 
  and there are many more skills they have that are just useless . 
  personally i think the we are almost a bit too powerful when it comes to their skill trees . 
  the buffs they give to their melee units when fully specced is just insane . 
   like , give the priest leaders for empire a red skill that adds like magic damage to flagellants in his army or something .
