  so the rommies seem to love dual cannons just as much as the klinks . 
  in the end they 'll just remove the factions and turn ps2 into an ns deathmatch . 
  would n't surprise me if he was actually one of ten to twenty snipers but he got all the credit for propaganda purposes . 
  and if the russians killed one of them simo could just show up somewhere else later and go `` no you did n't '' just to fuck with them . 
  one super sniper that just wo n't die would be a lot scarier than a bunch of normal snipers . 
  i never said he was n't actually out there fighting the soviets . 
  just that they might have inflated his kill count by giving him the credit for other peoples kills . 
  annual event that gives you a phoenix non-combat pet . 
  kdf has the day of honor on the same day that gives you a [ special bat ` leth ] ( http://sto.gamepedia.com/tritanium_rending_bat%27leth ) . 
  i guess i got lucky since i bought it on gmg for 14.4 gbp . 
  well you have to concider the cost of transporting all those ones and zeroes across the ocean . 
  and where exactly did i claim he was ? 
   and if the russians killed one of them simo could just show up somewhere else later and go `` no you did n't '' just to fuck with them . 
  nowhere in that sentence does it say that h\u00e4yh\u00e4 was russian . 
  well the idea was that if the russians killed one of the h\u00e4yh\u00e4 lookalikes in the team they might think they had managed to actually kill the white death . 
  when the actual h\u00e4yh\u00e4 then later appears somewhere else completely unharmed it would make it look like he 's nigh immortal , able to survive several encounters with russian snipers and artillery . 
  while in reality matti , pekka , tapio and juhani all lie dead somewhere in the snow , all pretending to be the white death . 
  indeed . 
  imo , soe seems to hate vanu . 
  i just looked at all the helmets in the vr and the only non-max vs `` helmet '' i do n't think is fucking ugly is the ifrit mask , the shemag . 
  on the other hand , ( not counting the horrible skull , maniac and spiky helmets ) most of the tr and nc helmets are pretty nice . 
  then they start releasing photos of helmets that with some minor modifications would be perfect for vanu . 
  they just scream `` technology '' and `` alien '' and then it turns out they 're actually ns . 
  maybe someone should visist soe and slap the art department into submission . 
  are you sure it 's vanu ? 
  i mean it could just as well be a new ns weapon . 
  the fuck are you talking about ? 
  do you know anything at all about the winter war ? 
  i 'm not denying that simo h\u00e4yh\u00e4 was shot in the face near the end of the war . 
  i 'm just saying it is possible that the reason he survived some other situations , like the russians bombarding him with artillery was that he was never there but one of his dopplegangers were and if that guy got killed , the real h\u00e4yh\u00e4 was still alive . 
  i just find the whole idea of one finnish soldier killing 700 enemies with a bolt action rifle and an smg in 100 days while surviving several counter snipers and artillery barrages ( that were called in just for him ) a bit absurd . 
  so my ( not very serous ) theory is simply that while simo h\u00e4yh\u00e4 was running around in the forest , killing russians , a whole bunch of lookalikes did the same thing . 
  but all their kills were credited to h\u00e4yh\u00e4 and their deaths were kept secret so the finns could claim it was h\u00e4yh\u00e4 who had been there and that once again he survived their futile attempts at stopping him . 
  then in the end someone actually did shoot the real h\u00e4yh\u00e4 in the face , but the war ended 6 days later so in the end it did n't matter . 
   there 's still an elite tier which requires a bit of strategy, 
  to sum up the strategy, 
  pay attention to if the ce is absorbing energy . 
  if it is , get at least 10km away from it . 
  when the bar is filled it releases a shockwave and everyone within 10km will most likely die . 
  kill/avoid the shards . 
  if a large shard hits you it does heavy damage and spawns a few small shards . 
  these will then try to return to the ce . 
  for each shard that returns , the ce will recieve a stacking `` re-crystallization '' buff , a 2 % damage bonus . 
  bring at least one of these powers with you ( or a carrier pet with the ability ) . 
  * energy siphon, 
  * charged particle burst, 
  these powers are capable of removing a few re-crystallization buffs . 
  if your team allow themsleves to get hit by the shards too often and the small ones to return while not using those powers enough , it can pretty much be game over . 
  i 've seen the ce reach 250 + stacks o the buff ( i spammed tyken 's rift as often as i could , it was n't enough ) , giving i over 500 % damage bonus . 
  the very second you got in range ( or decloaked in range ) of the ce you lost a shield facing and half your hull , then you died . 
  fyi , you can disable the visual effects of stuff like set items and the borg console . 
  just right click on it in your ship fitting screen and disable it . 
  same for armors , kits and weapons on the ground . 
  well if you like it that 's ok , but a lot of people do n't actually know they can disable it and you have to admit that some combos just do n't look good . 
  like the borg deflector on most smallcrafts or the breen shield on ... pretty much anything !!, 
  ( looks decent on a runabout though ), 
  my guess is on the nobel peace prize committee . 
  i mean , they 're in charge of giving out a prize to people who have `` done the most or the best work for fraternity between nations , for the abolition or reduction of standing armies and for the holding and promotion of peace congresses . '', 
  logically this should promote such behavior and thus the committee itself is in the end resplonsible for any positive behavior it might have caused . 
   the vandal destroyer , for instance , comes with the plasmonic leech console and is totally worth it . 
  you mean that the plasmonic leech console comes with a vandal destroyer . 
   a lot of fun comes from the random stuff that happens . 
  oh yes !, 
  i have one crazy story about one of my `` failed '' manned munlandings and my attempts to get my kerbonaut back home . 
  i had managed to succesfully land on the mun with little to no damage to the lander but i had used more fuel than expected . 
  after faffing about on the mun for a while i decided i was gon na attempt to get into a munar orbit and hopefully rendevouz with the other part of the ship . 
  the lander ran out of fuel before i was even able to put it in orbit . 
  in a desperate attempt to save the day i took my brave kerbal for some eva , pointed him in the right direction and just burned with his jetpack ( while taking a few peeks at the orbital map thing ) until eventually he was in a somewhat wonky orbit . 
  now i had a new goal !, 
  launch a rescue vehicle , rendevouz with the kerbonaut and bring him back to kerbin . 
  i quickly made new ship using the same basic design as the mun lander but replaced the lander part with another passenger compartment . 
  getting to the mun was fairly uneventful but getting there was the easy part ( mostly due to mechjeb ) but now i had to figure out a way to get to the poor kerbonaut . 
  his orbit had an apoapsis and perapsis differentiating by about 100km and it had an about 45-60 degrees angle . 
  after a few minutes of course changes and fast forwarding ( and a little help from mechjeb ) i had managed to create an almost identical orbit . 
  now the problem was that the ship and the kerbonaut were on the opposite sides of the min . 
  luckily that was nothing harder than changing the peri or apoapsis and just waiting . 
  eventually i managed to get the ship and kerbonaut within a few km of each other . 
  i took control of the kerbonaut and used the last 10 % fuel in his backpack to finally make it to the ship and crawl in to the passenger compartment . 
  now all i had to do was to make it back to kerbin , do a de-orbit burn and land with the umpteen parachutes attached to the ship . 
  first part was prety easy , got to kerbin without any complications . 
  deorbiting was even easier , just a short retrograde burn . 
  the passenger compartment fell down through the atmosphere ( very slowly ) until eventually it was time to active the parachutes . 
  at this point everything was going according to plan and the passengers were slowly getting closer to home . 
  then as it finally touched the ground at a whole 0.5 m/s everything exploded and everyone died . 
  yay physics bugs !, 
  i would love a new animated st series ( or any st series , q_q ) but first of all i think it should be a completely new series not just an animated `` sequel '' of a previous tv series . 
  it should still have characters from tng , ds9 and voy in it , but as guest stars or maybe even recurring characters ( q !!! ), 
  but not as main characters . 
  like admiral picard showing up in the first episode like mccoy did in tng . 
  new characters , new story , new ship and new technology but still enough old stuff to make sure it 's still star trek . 
  get a galaxy from the wg and ram them . 
  libs either explode mid-air or spin out of control from a propper ramming while the galaxy barely gives a fuck . 
  just try to stay on the correct side of their gun as zephs and daltons can be pretty nasty to a skywhale . 
  yeah , cryptic need to start using their damn ship costume section of the store for more than just the nx registry . 
  we spend a lot ( or most ) of our time in our spaceships yet we do n't really have the option to buy ship customization stuff except for buying a whole ship to get access to some parts and maybe the type 6 skin . 
  i think 500-1000 zen would be a fair prize to unlock a skin for all ships and characters on one faction . 
  like the romulan mirror skin , i want that on something that 's not a haakona/ha ` apax or their halves . 
  and i 'd pay for a klingon ship skin that 's just dark grey because it would look good with the aegis shield unlike the current green and brownish skins . 
   but who would watch it , apart from the old-school trekkies ? 
  the jj movies have created a lot of new fans who have started watching tng and the other shows .
