  you should simply have to be more careful when designating which trees to be cut in rough terrain . 
  is there some way to use dwarf therapist 25.0 with df 40.12 ? 
  even though it 's only supposed to be for df 40.10 the starter pack still made it work for df 40.11 so i assume it 's somehow possible to make it work with df 40.12 as well , but how ? 
  bkan : swedish howitzer with `` extreme rof '' and decent availability ( 3x2 ) . 
  stormer hmv/adat : anti-air/anti-vehicle hybrid vehicles . 
  useful as both non-radar aa and as longish range ( 2,8 km ) atgm vehicles . 
  centurion avre/something cev : big slow direct-fire howitzers with 2,6 km range that will do horrible things to infantry and light vehicles and will stun pretty much any tank . 
  light riflemen 90 : 10 man shock infantry unit with a 1,9 km range `` atgm '' . 
  not that useful vs tanks but pretty decent vs lighter vehicles and unlike normal atgm squads they can hold their own in a firefight . 
  vtt-323 something something : north korean apc with 4x shitty strela missiles . 
  not much of a threat by itself but they usually come in pretty great numbers that makes them lethal to pretty much any aircraft and can kinda let the nk player skip bringing any manpad infantry . 
  recce : canadian 2 man recon with a .50 cal sniper with 1,5 km range . 
  anything with a gmg : look through the armory for these since gmgs can murder infantry at an insane rate if they get in range . 
  some examples , bmp-1d , btr-t and lvpt-7a1 . 
  redfor transports with 14,5 mm hmgs : basically most of their wheeled transports . 
  do not underestimate the power of those hmgs . 
  1 ap and the [ ke ] tag means that they can do a lot of damage to lightly armored targets . 
  skilled growers          many growers . 
  while this is true for many labors it 's not that obvious when it comes to farming except when it comes to speed but there are many other benefits from high-skill growers . 
  * the skill of the grower affects how many plants will grow from each seed . 
  this means that a skilled grower will give you more food per farm tile , use your seeds more effectively and in the long run create more seeds . 
  * plants grow as `` stacks '' of multiple plants and each stack is kinda treated as one item . 
  for example a brewer will use one stack when making alcohol and the size of the stack does n't affect the time it takes to make alcohol so a bigger stack of plants = more alcohol for the same amount of time . 
  nope , i 'm really looking forward to putting an aegis shield on one of these ships for maximum tron . 
  why 6 male dogs and 1 female , should n't it be the other way around for breeding ? 
  personally i like them for auto-dumping . 
  mostly to quickly move ores , economic stones and coal down to my magma forges which are usually like 150 + levels below where i 'm mining stuff . 
  basically just dig a shaft down to your magma forges and set up some tracks and routes with a stop that dumps everything into the shaft . 
  i 'm also considering using something similar for refuse to keep the refuse stockpile nice and clean and ready for more crap . 
  psa : if you build a roof over a surface farm it will still count as outside . 
  just channel a hole and cover it with wooden floors or something . 
  there are some advantages of having infected dwarves if you can isolate them fast enough . 
  every time they transform all wounds are healed and thirst + hunger is reset . 
  assign the infected to a military squad and exile them into a cave system and let them explore it for you . 
  give them some sort of furniture that can be used as a barrack and just let them sit there and train between transformations . 
  dropping stuff like stones into magma will ( usually ) create a small cloud of magma mist which will do horrible things to most living ( and non-living ) things . 
  i had some success using this in a volcano embark where i was able to dump stone into my magma-moat from a room above it . 
  but would n't you then have to get rid of the obsidian before using the trap again ? 
   the created obsidian drops down the volcano, 
  well that explains it . 
  i 'm usually just using a normal magma moat that i 've channeled out around my entrance so dropping water on it would require me to channel/dig away the obsidian every time . 
  would mist really do much against an attacker ? 
  i somehow missed the part about using magma and thought you were for some reason suggesting a normal artificial waterfall for defense . 
   when the game updates from 40.12 to 40.13 do i have to manually install the game update ? 
  yes you have to download the new version manually . 
   if so does that that mean i need to uninstall the old version ? 
  not really unless you have extremely limited hard drive space . 
  you do n't actually install dwarf fortress at all , you just download it and run the game . 
  welp , somehow i 've never noticed those all these years . 
  what 's the best way to deal with a wave of miserable tantruming migrants from an older fort ? 
  it 's starting to become a serious problem as i 'm using the same world over and over again and at this point there are quite a lot of unhappy dwarves that can arrive as migrants . 
  iirc , werecreatures does n't count as a member of your fort when transformed so if the rest of your fortress falls to some sort of ! fun !, 
  and he 's the only one left , you 'll lose as soon as he transforms . 
  that could be a bit hard to pull off in time for the first or second migrant wave . 
  i 'm starting to consider just atom-smashing the non-legendary ones and hope the rest wo n't mind . 
  this reminds of of one of my more memorable cases of `` fun ! '' . 
  i had embarked on a volcano and had reached about 50 in population when a magma crab decided to get out of the magma and walk into my food stockpile . 
  since i really needed access to that stockpile i quickly drafted two squads to deal with the thing . 
  around 10 dead recruits later i drafted some more poor lye makers , fish dissectors , etc and threw them into the fray.soon enough the magma crab and all of my militia were dead . 
  then i decided to check the combat log to see how they killed it . 
  turns out one recruit managed to bite it in the head , bruising the brain . 
  polaron can be really effective in pve if you 're already kinda using an energy drain build . 
  no one is gon na say no to shieldless stationary targets . 
  with high flow cap the proc can become pretty powerful and when combined with some other source of energy drain like plasmionic leech the proc can be strong enough to more or less disable all 4 subsystems at once . 
  yeah but imo , completely disabling all four shield facings      doing some bonus damage to shields . 
  not to mention the fact that you 're messing with their weapon and engine power as well . 
  it kinda becomes an much better version of the phaser proc . 
   but my damage output is admittedly fairly embarrassing, 
  could you tell us what gear you 're currently using ? 
  a lot of the time when people ask for advice like this it 's not the quality of their gear that 's the problem but rather their build itself ( mixing damage types and stuff like that ) . 
  i just want to check so you do n't end up spending a ton of ec , dil , etc on a rainbow-build or something . 
  here 's my advice . 
  replace one of both of the torps with beam arrays . 
  replace the shield regen consoles with something that buffs your offensive sci abilities , like particle or graviton generator consoles . 
  shield regen is pretty useless while a buffed gravity well iii is not . 
  when it comes to tactical consoles , just get a bunch of phaser consoles from the exchange . 
  never ever use beam ( or cannon ) consoles and unless you 're using a torp build you probably should n't use any photon/torpedo damage consoles either . 
  6 phaser beam arrays with a bunch of phaser consoles should increase your damage output by ... a lot . 
   admittedly , i tend not to buy gear and just scrounge what i can find , i 'm assuming that 's part of the problem . 
  probably yes . 
  i mean , you 're using some mk viii stuff ffs . 
  blue and green mk xi stuff usually does n't cost much on the exchange so go buy some decent stuff . 
  if they cost 3000 zen each it would almost be worth it for you to buy the pack . 
   the only damage dealing sci ability i have right now is gravity well, 
  they do n't have to do damage as long as they do bad things to your targets . 
  power drain abilities can reduce their shield resistance and speed which can make them much easier to kill . 
  scramble sensors can cause your targets to shoot each other which kinda makes it a damage dealing ability . 
  edit : also , if you want a torp as a finisher i would recommend using quantum torps instead of photons . 
  they might have lower rof and dps but ( imo ) the higher damage makes them better for broadsiding ships since they wo n't be used that often anyway . 
  the ninja recon helicopter !, 
  how ? 
  i do n't care how !, 
  use duct tape or something !, 
  good stealth + exceptional optics + transport capabilities would make it the best stealth insertion helicopter ever . 
  no cv or howitzer would be safe . 
  pretty much all the wheeled recon vehicles with decent firepower would be awesome as transports , especially for blufor since they kinda lack `` wheels + pewpew '' transports . 
  nah , just select one table and make one big room . 
  the rest of the tables will increase the value of the room which is the important part . 
  iirc the normal olm is a vermin while the giant olm is a creature . 
  full frontal assault on a small town as canadian motorized .
