  the boats category would be all the smaller vessels that are capable of using rivers , like the monitor , cb90 , shanghai etc etc. 
  could also have some new units like recon/elite infantry in rhibs . 
  that way we can have some naval action without the big ships and hopefully the boats could be avaliable on some of the maps that are n't actually naval maps but are like 25 % rivers . 
  a t1 exploration frig can wash your neighbours car in lowsec ? 
   and utilize combined arms more than your actual tanks . 
  this makes armored decks kinda useless though . 
  better to just use a normal deck with a decent amount of tanks . 
   for spam units , like t-34s and reservist , is it better to leave them on rookie for availability or up-vet them to trained ? 
  imo , keep them at low vet . 
  the whole point about units like that is quantity over quality . 
   which units specifically should you up-vet more ? 
  usually expensive units that still has a decent avaliability when upgraded . 
  like getting 6 elite sf infantry instead of 8 veterans but not 1 elite fighter instead of 2 veteran . 
  my advice is to play a few games with a deck and try to keep track of how many of each units you tend to use compared to how many you can buy . 
  upgrade the units you tend to have a high surplus of . 
  wait ... 
  the accuracy bonus is additive ? 
  the 200 page guide says it 's multiplicative ... 
   danish haer hjemmevaernet number of cards fixed from 2 to 1 like the other reserve units . 
  noooooooooooooooooooooooo !!!!!!!!!!!!!, 
  not my meatwall !, 
   swedish tgb m/42 price increased from 5 $ to 10 $ . 
   danish m6 mosegris price increased from 5 $ to 10 $ . 
  why !?!?!, 
  now i might have to use good units ... 
  since radar aa usually has low avaliability to begin with i would n't upgrade them . 
  i rarely use even half of the aa i have in my decks but they 're too important to take the risk of running out . 
  well they nerfed the scandinavian p\u00f8lsetroll-spam so i guess that 's good for redfor . 
  yeah , but the reason we bought and produced the strv 122 is because of that original deal . 
  in the wargame universe there would n't really be any suprlus leopard 2a4s so no strv 121 deal and thus probably no strv 122 . 
  they have the [ nplm ] tag in the game even though they 're not actually napalm weapons . 
  for example the spetsnaz rockets are thermobaric weapons . 
  i really hope so . 
  pesonally i really dislike limited edition stuff in eve since imo it goes against what eve is about . 
  the scandinavian and nswp faction will be updated with some free dlcs in the future . 
   we will however bring them to 1991 's standards latter , in free dlc ( s ) . 
  to me that makes the gripen extremely likely . 
   i would say no because introduction 1 november 1997, 
  well the first flight was in 1988 and the upcoming dlc will update scandinavia and the nswp to 1991 so it would make sense as a prototype unit . 
  also, 
   [ the swedish air force placed a total order for 204 gripens in three batches . 
  the first delivery occurred on 8 june 1993 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/saab_jas_39_gripen#sweden ), 
  so even though it did n't enter service until 1997 , it had been around for a while . 
  indeed . 
  with some decent cover ( like a small hill ) and protection gear the risk would probably be pretty small . 
   modeling units for 17 nations at once is just out of our grasp, 
  e.germany , poland and czechoslovakia . 
   personally , i go with highest vet possible for infantry, 
  for all your infantry or just your line/shock infantry ? 
  it 's actually an anti-air truck, 
  quick question , how do you see the names of other peoples decks ? 
  for me it just says '' ??? '', 
   ka-52 price buff, 
  ftfy, 
  nerf = bad, 
  buff = good, 
  well first of all i would say you need some higher quality units in your scandinavian deck . 
  also , i 'm not sure i would recommend playing as support . 
  anyhow , here 's my 5 \u00f6re, 
  replace one card of dragoner with kustj\u00e4gare or something similar . 
  possibly replace the rbs 70 with the rbs 90, 
  replace at least one of the lvkvs with something better . 
  also , i do n't see any bkan in the support category ... 
  replace one of your tanks with the strv 103c . 
  replace one infantry recon with a heli recon . 
  do you really need that many recoiless rifle vehicles ? 
  check the older patchnotes, 
  the price was reduced from 150 to 130 and the radar detection was buffed in an update 1-2 weeks ago . 
   do n't want to leave my alliance though, 
  why would you have to do that ? 
  unless they 're really strict about fleet participation and stuff like that i do n't see why you can dissapear into wh space for a while and still be a member . 
  see if anyone if the alliance would want to join you and create a small group of wh-dwellers inside your current alliance . 
  it would be kinda like a wh-corp . 
   the atgm vhc are there to defend against armored rushes, 
  the only atgm vehicle you have is the m/113a1 tow, 
  the pvtgb and nm113 rfk have recoilless rifles, 
  get the nm113 rakpv or laro tow or basically anything with a 2,6 km atgm . 
  you want your at units to outrange the tanks , not the other way around . 
  indeed, 
  kdf does n't even have a c-store raptor . 
  personally i want a new t5 bop , a raptor 3-pack , a carrier 3-pack and some new smallcrafts ( eg , orion interceptor ) . 
  tbh , it 's hard to make a non-viable build/team . 
  personally i would n't really recommend it . 
  not because it 's bad ( cause it is n't ) but because it 's so fucking slow . 
  out of all the things i tried when experimenting with away teams , a full fabrication team was the least fun . 
  ( most fun was having 4 tac boffs with lunge , sweeping strikes and grenades ), 
  i 've used bounties as a sort of `` death notification service '' . 
  that way i wo n't have to check the kbs to know that my friend got popped . 
  makes it easier to mock them . 
   do you guys think naval units from both sides should be overhauled ? 
  here are some of my ideas . 
  first of all i think they should split the naval category into two . 
  one for the big ships + anti-ship planes/helos + heavier ground units in lcus and one for the smaller ships + boats . 
  the latter should contain units like the monitor , strb 90 , shanghai and basically most naval vessels that can enter rivers . 
  it should also contain recon/elite infantry transported by stuff like rhibs and other transport boats ( some infantry units should also be amphibious imo ) . 
  this way we should get a bit more diversity in the sea . 
  the boat category should also be avaliable in more maps . 
  some of the `` land '' maps are like 25 % rivers but has no naval areas . 
  when it comes to the units , one thing that bothers me is the strb 90 h. 
  irl the thing has 3x .50 cal mgs ( 1x dual + 1x single ) but in wargame it has 4x dual .50 cal , 1x grenade launcher and a hellfire missile launcher .
