  and if you for some reason need to enter 0.0 the bubble immunity could be very useful . 
  this would be pretty awesome . 
  imagine making a new city and using the population from several other cites to work the tiles until it has grown a bit . 
  an ability to promote your population to move from/to different cities , giving modifiers to population growth would also be nice . 
  or it could be automatic as people might move to where they could get the best job . 
  something like this . 
  lets make a unit called `` job '' . 
  the amount of jobs a city has depends on how many and what kind of free slots it has . 
  different slots are worth different amount of jobs, 
  * great improvement = many jobs, 
  * specialist slot = 4 jobs, 
  * improved tile = 2 jobs, 
  * unimproved tile = 1 job, 
  your civilization would then have an average jobs value , ie , the total amount of job units you have divided by how many cities you have . 
  cities would then get a bonus or penalty to growth depending on how much above or below they are from the average . 
  well it is a pretty good system . 
  people with money but no time to grind can get ingame money . 
  people with time to grind but little money can play for free . 
  and since the ingame 30 day gtcs cost more money than 30 days of subscription the devs actually make more money this way . 
  it also reduces rmt since people can just do this without the risk of getting banned . 
   seeing as how armed drones hover at a distance, 
  i 'm like 99 % sure that armed drones do n't hover , at least the mq-1 and mq-9 does n't . 
  i 'm pretty sure drones are designed as cheaper alternatives to manned aircraft . 
  lower cost to produce and maintain , probably easier to train pilots . 
  you also do n't have to put any pilots at risk which could be extremely useful in a war . 
   why not give me the decimalised number on the cargo window, 
  i guess they did n't think a second decimal would be necessary . 
  imo , there should be some sort of settings for how stats are displayed , how many decimals we want and so on . 
  yeah , but how much ? 
  for example , this taranis fit i just made does 262 dps with my skills, 
  [ taranis , new setup 1 ], 
  magnetic field stabilizer ii, 
  small armor repairer ii, 
  energized adaptive nano membrane ii, 
  1mn afterburner ii, 
  cap recharger ii, 
  light ion blaster ii , void s, 
  light ion blaster ii , void s, 
  light ion blaster ii , void s, 
  [ empty high slot ], 
  small hybrid burst aerator i, 
  small capacitor control circuit i, 
  sure that 's 83 ( 25 % ) less dps than i would get with his enyo fit but should n't it be enough for this ? 
  well they still get money since someone is paying, 
  the thing is that some people have and are willing to spend money to not just pay for a subscription but also for ingame money . 
  then there 's people like me who really really really do not want to pay for a subscription . 
  even when 90 % of my friends played wow i refused . 
  then we have people who work full time grinding mmos to sell ingame money to the first group . 
  from wikipedia, 
   in 2005 the new york times stated that there were over 100,000 full-time gold farmers in china alone . 
  and in 2006 sales of such virtual goods were thought to amount to somewhere between 200 and 900 million usd, 
  with the eve model , gold farmers are replaced with legit players that have more time than money and the money goes to the developers instead of china . 
  the only losers are the gold farmers . 
   but if you fit an ab , you might as well go with the af instead of an intie . 
  well the idea was that since you 'll need to travel from system to system and from belt to belt a lot , the faster warp and align speed could be worth it in the long run . 
  ok , yes , it is rmt . 
  but the options are, 
  a ) rmt is 100 % banned . 
  people still rmt . 
  hordes of gold farmers do their non-stop grinding . 
  boss of gold farmer counts his money . 
  developers spend time and money fighting it . 
  b ) rmt is sanctioned . 
  people still rmt . 
  players with no money grind enough to get their subscription . 
  some gold farmers still farm . 
  the devs get more money , the chinese get less money . 
  less illegal rmt to fight . 
  also , you do n't buy the ingame stuff from the devs , you buy it from other players in exchange for paying for their subscription , which imo is better than paying the gold farmers . 
  since the account is just a few hours old i guess he does n't and simply creates new accounts . 
  psa : you should use parentheses around the url , not square brackets . 
  bring a cargo scanner and quickly scan all 4 of them , burn toward the one with the best loot , hack it , take the loot and warp out before the rats appear . 
  i hope for 7 , 1 driver , 1 main gunner , 5 secondary gunners . 
  so the driver wont get too bored he could have a small frontal gun , similar to those on a flash . 
  well i just figured that the colossus will probably be the biggest and slowest vehicle in the game and thus not so fun to drive . 
  well i 'm just assuming that those round thingies on top of the turret and on the corners will have guns mounted on them and that there 's one on the front left side as well . 
  and the reason i think it will have a desginated driver is because a large portion of the community has been crying for that since the beta . 
  a lot of people think that even the mbts should have a designated driver and that lightnings should be the solo tanks . 
  they actually had some concepts for some special mbt weapons that would require a designated gunner , turning mbts into 3 man tanks . 
  imo , that 's what the lightning should ( more or less ) be able to do . 
  well in a libby you do n't really need a 3rd person since the gunner can easily just change position . 
  also , i kinda think that `` lots of guns '' is gon na be the main role of the colossus and that if you ca n't man most of them you should get something else . 
  think of it like a tank made for groups of players that actually work together ( like outfits and good squads/platoons ) while the hurf-durf randoms can keep their little baby-tanks . 
  maybe it 's an 8 man tank . 
  4 guys controlling one track each , one guy turning the turret , 1 guy controlling the gun elevation , 1 guy firing the gun and 1 commander who 's the only one that can actually see anything . 
  i hope for some faction specific science vessels . 
  the romulans and kdf are kinda lacking in that department so they could use some more sci ships . 
  also , they 've been talking about giving science vessels a second deflector so maybe they could test it with these ships . 
  have you tried playing as a non-reformed pagan empire ? 
  gavelking + empire = extreme clusterfuck . 
  pretty much any of the somewhat powerful norse factions , like bj\u00f6rn ironside , snake-in-the-eye or their other brothers . 
  you start out relatively powerful and have some nice stuff like planned invasions , the ability to travel down rivers to raid the byzantine empire and the ability to conquer any coastal region . 
  you also get to experience the super-duper-fun gavelkind succession that will result in a civil war every generation until you become an empire and get to experience constant civil war all the time everywhere against everyone !, 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ unless ^ ^ ^ ^ ofc ^ ^ ^ ^ you ^ ^ ^ ^ reform ^ ^ ^ ^ your ^ ^ ^ ^ religion . 
  i really wish there was some way to do it legally and automatically , like with a law or a plot . 
  it would piss of a lot of vassals , probably result in a civil war , but the end result should be a neat and tidy empire where gotland is actually gotland and not lappland + some random finnish county ( my scandinavian empire was a huge clusterfuck ) . 
  it does n't just increase the payout but enables people to steal a part of it . 
  anyone is the system can see it , how much payout it has , if anyone warps to it and it has a warp bubble . 
  so it 's like a big fat deployable bait thingy . 
  how about some sort of disposable repair bot .
