  5 points is imo worth it to upgrade the standard pea-shooter mg into a `` quasi-autocannon '' hmg . 
  lastly i would replace the dana with the east german msta . 
  the msta has the `` advanced fire-control system '' which means that it has 10 second aim time while those howitzers without have 30 second aim time . 
  at least personally i think it 's worth it to have less total firepower in exchange for not having to wait a small eternity for every barrage . 
  so you played denmark to compensate for using teamspeak or something like that ? 
  i really wish some world wonders would give you a normal building if you 've completed say 50-75 % of it , especially those that would give you a free building when finished . 
  the only things i could really think of would be using some other cv like a normal jeep for higher availability ( 4 is a bit low ) or at least putting the cv inf in a ground transport . 
  imo helicopters are a bit too vulnerable and unless you also have some other cv unit ( or you 're making an airborne deck ) i would n't recommend putting cv inf in a helo . 
  and maybe put the javelins in a fast ground transport . 
  25pt is a bit expensive for a basic unit like that and personally i 've found the ability to unload a manpad squad in half a second very very useful . 
  also , atgms are currently bugged so the milan 2 , striker etc might not work very well but since that will ( afaik ) be patched soon it 's not that important . 
  if possible i really like getting 1-2 recon vehicles with wheels and a decent weapon and just rush some point with them as soon as the game starts . 
  it 's a bit of a gamble and often all i will get is a quick look at the enemy forces but once in a while it does pay off . 
  a bdrm-3 can do a lot of damage to a caravan of hmvs or other similar transports . 
  helicopters that are about to land are also great targets . 
  edit : [ example of when it pays off ] ( http://i.imgur.com/iac3xkm.png ), 
   it 's a bit of a gamble, 
  45 points is n't that much . 
  from the patchnotes . 
   howitzer aiming time unified : arty takes 30sec to aim except for units with advanced fire-control system which aim for only 10sec ( caesar , as-90 , paladin , msta-s ), 
  this also includes the east german msta-s whatever it 's called again . 
   four buk-m1 's with 15km range , for maybe 100-110 points, 
  congrats for coming up with the most op idea ever . 
  unless we have to buy all 4 components of the buk system , each one costing 100-110 points and coming as separate cards . 
  i understood that you meant that everyone would get them . 
  what i 'm saying is that it would be op and no one would use planes ever again . 
  and if people manage to bomb your buks with planes then you 're doing something wrong . 
   they also have 15km range . 
   one plane card gets you 6 sead planes . 
  this is even more op than the previous idea . 
  now radar-spaags are completely useless ( unless they also get 15km range ) and people would simply turn off their radar-aa until they need them ( as many already do ) . 
   does this mean you have switched your position that now aircraft are op due to extra availability ? 
  or are you sticking to your position that 15km buks are op ? 
  heavy radar-sams would still be op and most radar-spaags would be 100 % useless . 
  and extra plane availability would n't really do much unless you reduced the cost of planes by 50-75 % . 
  tbh , with 15km range aa i would never use planes again . 
  i would n't bring sead because i would n't need sead since i would n't have any planes because of how op aa would be . 
  or turn most of them back into he rocket arty again . 
  the game does n't need this many napalm units ( and i need my old bm-21 grad back for my ussr airborne deck ) . 
  imo poland could keep their napalm bm-24 since they seem to like fire but all the other should go back to he . 
  the ussr would have the tos-1 , rd the chinese things and nswp the polish bm-24 . 
  no coalition left behind but hopefully less spam . 
   the ondava aims reasonably quickly, 
  i just made a test and the ondava aims just as slow as the other artillery units . 
  well i made a nswp support deck with one card of each unique howitzer and then tested them in skirmish . 
  bought one of each unit , switched to bullet-time and gave each one a fire position order and then changed back to normal . 
  except the german msta they all fired at the same time . 
  maybe some [ high explosive incendiary ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/high_explosive_incendiary ) artillery . 
  though tbh i do n't think fighting fire with fire would be such a good idea . 
  a bit late but here 's an example of what i mean, 
  * logistitcs, 
  you most likely do n't need 12 hemtts so remove one of them . 
  * infantry, 
  why so many helicopter transports ? 
  replace one stinger with some marines 90 in a lvtp-7a1 and then put the other stingers and the two lr 90 in hmvs . 
  mmmmaybe replace one lr 90 with a smaaw . 
  * support, 
  replace one chaparall with an avenger and the m109a2 with the paladin . 
  the paladin is one of the few howitzers with 10 second aim time while most of them take 30 seconds to aim . 
  * tanks, 
  it 's a really awesome glass cannon with a good gun , high rof and shitty armor . 
  possibly get a starfish ( or similar ) as well . 
  it has an 20mm autocannon instead of a .50 cal mg and the gun has ( iirc ) fairly high he so it 's really effective vs infantry and other softer targets . 
  i think there are two other similar tanks any one of them should work . 
  * recon, 
  put one of your recon infantry in a fast ground transport . 
  * vehicles, 
  replace one itv with a comvat , cev or some other nice fire support vehicle . 
  replace one cobra with something else . 
  you need more diversity . 
   konkurs, 
  you mean ags-17 gmg, 
  swedish units i want for dlc 2, 
  * strf 9040/56 : a cv90 with the rbs 56 atgm, 
  * strf 90/105 : light tank/fire support vehicle version of the cv90 with a 105mm gun . 
  * multirole gripen with 4x 500kg bombs, 
  * possibly a sead gripen . 
  * re-roled sk-60b with 135mm rockets and/or autocannons . 
  * strv 103d : simply a better strv 103, 
  tried googling `` jylkat '' since \u00fc is kinda the same as y and found this, 
  jylkat is apparently bornholm dialect for hedgehog . 
  i guess it 's some sort of danish bastardization of igelkott . 
  probably an mg-3, 
   sk 60b missile fixed and hit top armor like laser guided bombs which increase it 's damage against vehicles . 
  how about just re-roling it as a rocket plane . 
  afaik the real version used 135mm rockets and/or autocannons which imo would be much more useful than these shitty he missiles . 
   all mlrs with incendiary rounds availability reduced to 1 card . 
  hopefully only 1/4th of the map will be on fire now . 
   soviet bm-21 now uses standard he rockets instead of incendiary, 
  yes !, 
  my ussr airborne decks needed this . 
  i know the ags-17 did and i think the seals and formoza also did . 
  i 'm not sure if this was the exploit but i used to experienced some really odd missile behavior ( before the recent atgm bug ) were units in certain positions seemed to be unkillable with missiles . 
  ie , 4 tanks in a line , 3 of them would get killed by 1-3 missiles each but the 4th would constantly get missed over and over again by several units until they ran out of ammo . 
  because many spaags were buffed a bit too much in the dlc 1 update . 
  i mean they used the be kinda crap and then they became op so hopefully they might be balanced now . 
  first of all , you 've given us the wrong code . 
  you want faster transports . 
  skip all the fv432s and get something with wheels . 
  a logistic helicopter is recommended .
