   krenim chroniton torpedo launcher, 
  is that gon na come with the anniversary ship perhaps ? 
  you do the daily mission from q, 
  only once, 
  ever, 
  also there 's a setting somewhere to disable this though i ca n't remember how . 
  fyi you can disable those popups in the chats notification settings . 
  i got the ship on the test server yesterday and think it had a 25 % proc chance to slow and really high shield penetration . 
  i 'll check again and take some pictures when i get back from work . 
  is there a homophobic trait that can cause some fun little social fights and stuff ? 
  i had a ton of lobis saved up so i copied a character over to the tribble server and got the krenim science vessel there so i could check the item and trait stats . 
  the 100 % shield penetration for the torpedo is kinda interesting and the ship traits crit bonus looks pretty nice . 
  the consoles passive bonus should also be interesting when combined with other cd reduction stuff . 
  no it 's the new set from time and tide . 
   i ca n't tell from the tool tip . 
  neither can i, 
  does n't apdp cost a small fortune though ? 
  so / u/emzi0767 requested the stats of the krenim science vessel admiralty card and since i was already on tribble i got the paradox to check out the card , console and trait since i do n't think i 've seen anyone else post it here . 
  edit : also , the console pic was taken while i was on the ground so as usual the damage ended up a bit off . 
  maybe get the new cheapish space trait that adds a subsystem disable bonus ( max once every 30s ) to control abilities including gravity well to make it even more fun . 
  i think the 2p bonus buffed one of the console and the 3p bonus was -10 % cd for all boff abilities and -50 % cd for the set consoles . 
   it 's probably a plan of hers to make ~ ~ koro-sensei ~ ~ nagisa angry , but still very excited to see what 'll happen, 
  ftfy , the bad guys are fucked, 
  probably has to do with [ romantic orientation ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/romantic_orientation ), 
  it also makes sense for asexual people who do n't feel any sexual attraction but still have romantic feelings and also tend to have a `` gender preference '' . 
  yeah i have all the dlcs , even `` reinstalled '' the one the m-7 belongs to just in case . 
  probably any of the kdf bops if you get a bit creative with your build and do n't just treat them like stealthy escorts . 
  yeah i kinda agree that this lockbox was kinda meh . 
  the terran weapons do n't seem very interesting , the special kit frames are also kinda shitty and there are no new kit modules or ship traits . 
  but then you ca n't buy the 9-pack iirc . 
  that could be pretty neat . 
  maybe they could get new abilities from research ( autopsy/breakdown ) and stuff , like micro missiles from the advent mech , the shield ability from shieldbearers etc etc. 
  and as op said , a tanking role could work pretty well or maybe crowd control . 
  some form of taunt ability to draw fire , armor bonuses ( both as passives and temporary abilities ) , some different shield abilities ( like giving everyone 3 shield hp or deploying some heavy cover ) . 
  some other abilities that could work is the ability to crush walls and cover , stunning enemies , maybe a rocket jump ability that can damage/stun the enemies near the landing spot . 
  they would also be immune to poison , mindfucking , panic and possibly fire which could be very useful when combined with certain grenades and heavy weapons . 
  [ prism ] ( http://dynasty-scans.com/series/prism ) and ( sort of ) [ stretch ] ( http://dynasty-scans.com/series/stretch ) by higashiyama shou . 
  i need more of their relationships dammit !, 
  you 're correct, 
  the guy is apparently 7 ' 6, 
  well according to / r/european , sweden looks something like [ this ] ( https://vimeo.com/92383943 ) . 
  personally the only thing i 've noticed myself was when i visited some relatives in a small town where they had opened a refugee center recently and this time there were a bunch of immigrants walking around . 
  the reason this was actually noticeable was because before that , the only non-white people i ever saw in that area were pretty much the people working in the pizzerias . 
  imo dodge should only reduce ciritcal hit chance ( though ofc a target with a high dodge should probably also have a high defense stat but that should be a separate stat and not tied to the dodge chance . ), 
  since if they dodge it 's kinda like the opposite of a critical hit . 
  a crit is a really good hit on something vital while a dodge is a shitty hit that did n't hit anything important . 
  so if you have ranger up close with a 50 % crit chance and the target has 20 % dodge you should get a 30 % crit chance and no dodging . 
  but if you for example are using a sniper who 's far away and only has 10 % crit chance the result would be 0 % crit chance and 10 % dodge chance . 
  pretty simple to understand and display in game . 
   like the speaker ; how did he survive the angry mob ? 
  well he appears to be a thin man so maybe he just jumped 20m up on a roof and killed the mob by spitting poison and sniping them . 
  what the hell happened to gotland ? 
  this list has most of them . 
  probably every time i get my own ships caught in one of my own stasis bombs . 
  well the khorne +10 crew upgrade also give the normal boarding pods a buff but the nurlge +20 crew is just defensive . 
  well i think the tooltip mentions that it gives +1 boarding action for the normal boarding pods or something like that . 
  afaik troop value is basically just your defense against boarding actions in % . 
  something like 60 troop value = 60 % chance that the enemy boarding attempt will fail . 
  clearly none of those guys had watched girls und panzer . 
  i hope they at least let us play as the orks and eldar soon , then we could kinda pretend it was released on time , but with bugs instead of the campaign . 
  should ' f, 
  have you ever played against someone with like 3-4 ships with nova cannons ? 
   and can not change it later . 
  that 's not completely true , you can replace the ship and choose different weapons but then ofc you 'll lose your upgrades and skills . 
  well you keep the levels and favor , just not the upgrades and skills . 
  so early on it wo n't cost that much renown to change stuff . 
  waaaaaaaaaagh !, 
  da orkz ` av hit da beta , redi to smash in sum ` eads !, 
  unleash da boyz best techy-ology on dose imperial and chaos gitz , n ' smash der little toy ships !, 
  ` ere 's da patch notes :, 
  da orkz ( only fakshun wot matterz ) iz now playable in da skirmishes and online multiplaya . 
  fixed a crash when finding a match . 
  fixed a bug causing the void-locust cloudswarm to kill ghost ships . 
  correction of a bug causing certain ships to lose their skill and upgrades tooltip in the pregame screen . 
  correction of a couple mistakes in the name generator of imperial ships . 
  suppression of a bug causing the chaos space station weaponry to not have any tooltip . 
  correction of a bug affecting the given value for the detection range of ships . 
  correction of a bug causing the macro-weapons ' projectiles to explode prematurely . 
  correction of a bug affecting the camera when it was moved while moving onto a focused ship . 
  suppression of a bug affecting tzeentch special effects in the cutscene at the start of a mission and deploy phase . 
  suppression of a bug affecting nurgle special effects in the cutscene at the start of a mission , the chaos dock and the deploy phase . 
  correction of a bug affecting the `` advanced cogitator linkages '' upgrade . 
  correction of a bug that made the combination of the upgrade camo and the wind of change favour skill ineffective . 
  correction of a bug affecting the light cruisers chaos . 
  suppression of a crash occasionally occurring on missions containing defence platforms or space stations . 
  suppression of a crash occurring sometimes while in-game . 
  correction of a bug affecting the bulletpoints of the windows explaining planetary assault , recovery and space station assault missions, 
  correction of a crash occurring sometimes when the player clicked on ready . 
  correction of a bug that affected the bomb special fx . 
  correction of a bug that prevented the augur disruptor fx from disappearing in the guest 's screen in multiplayer . 
  correction of a bug that allowed guests to repeatedly use skills in multiplayer . 
  correction of a bug affecting the cooldown of the nova cannon . 
  fixed a crash that occurred sometimes on the score screen . 
  correction of a bug that prevented a ship having no weapons and systems available from suffering fire onboard and hull breach critical damage . 
  correction of a bug that caused the taunt to not cancel the move order if it was queued . 
  fixed a bug that affected the burn retros manoeuvre that worked half the time it was used . 
  fixed a bug that occasionally allowed some ships to start at the center of the map . 
  fixed multiple crashes occurring during space station assault missions . 
  fixed a crash when a warp should end the game . 
  screen stuffz,
