  infinite ammo + the ability to charge a shot + stalker cloak, 
  a vs la weapon with a heat mechanism would also be nice . 
  soe have talked about an ammo scavenge ability for las but an infinite ammo gun would still be nice . 
   although certainly not balanced or viable in any way , shape , or form , it seemed like a fun idea . 
  indeed . 
  an lmg with an ammo belt ( mag = ammo pool ) and an overheat mechanism could work as a tr es-lmg . 
  though when it comes to overhauling the factions guns i think they should focus more on the stats . 
  more damage , less rof and smaller mags for nc , the opposite for tr . 
  make the faction traits extrmely noticable . 
  like ncs carbines and ars doing 167-200 damage and trs 125-143 damage and then adjust rof , mag sizes , accuracy etc for balance . 
  trs high-rof carbines could be kinda like smgs while ncs high-damage ars could be kinda like battle-rifles . 
  then put vs in the middle or something with some other changes for faction flavor . 
  well i think all vehicles could get a little more traction . 
  the way you can slide around when trying to get upp a hill is kinda silly . 
  when it comes to the lightning , i think it needs something like [ this ] ( http://i45.tinypic.com/2ezns0p.jpg ) . 
  while it is pretty mobile , it can get stuck in really stupid places due to the position of the tracks . 
  the harasser could use more of everything except speed when it comes to mobility . 
  it 's already really fast but it really suffers from the games wonky vehicle physics . 
  same for the flash but it could also use some more speed . 
  imo , since it 's the smallest vehicle it should be the fastest vehicle . 
  someone mentioned in some other thread that they have their guns unloaded to appear less threatening . 
  i need that song they play near the end in ep 20, 
  i need it now, 
  no , they 're just saying they 're not working on a third game right now . 
  [ according to chribba you need to be subbed . 
  ] ( https://forums.eveonline.com/default.aspx?g=posts&amp;m=4296329#post4296329 ), 
  they should have posted more about it . 
  i mean , that article was posted 3.5 weeks ago . 
  i expected them to post some reminders later on and i was really surprised when i checked / r/eve today and did n't see anything . 
  the way i found out was when i was checking my skill queue a week ago and a friend told me . 
  i really really hope we 'll get swords as a secondary weapon . 
  i 've had this flair for a long time and i would be really annoyed if soe fucks this up . 
  i even made [ a thread about it ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/planetside/comments/12ra47/melee_weapons_and_bayonets/ ) over 1 year ago . 
   god , i fucking love umlauts . 
  ftfy, 
  swedish does n't even have [ the letter \u00eb ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%c3%8b ), 
  the zephyr px is the gun you got with the nvidia promo . 
  it 's the same as the normal zephyr but with a shorter barrel . 
  not really surprising . 
  and it 's always the same `` imagine if the victim ( s ) had guns '' , `` imagine if the attacker ( s ) had guns '' and `` imagine if both had guns '' stuff every single time . 
  i even remember gun policy discussions in threads about the ut\u00f8ya massacre . 
  how about some better counters instead ? 
  like armor-piercing ammo or something, 
  i would be happy if we just got pre-made skins . 
  * sold in lp stores . 
  roden paintjob in the roden lp store , etc etc. 
  * can be used on any ship of approrpiate size . 
  amarr navy hurricane ? 
  sure , why not . 
  * 3-4 different sizes , small , medium , large and possibly xl . 
  * ca n't be removed , only destroyed ( like rigs ) . 
  * isk cost = new isk sink . 
  instead ccp is making limited edition ships that just end up as collectors items . 
  is that you scatter ? 
  personally , i want amarr navy , gallente navy , khanid and thukker mix skins for everything . 
  and i mean the orange/silver gallente navy , not the ugly as shit vomit camo . 
  well ofc custom paintjobs would be awesome but i 'm just trying to be realistic here . 
  yeah , the ttp would be very short . 
  am i the only one who like the beamer ? 
  after i started using the stalker cloak i messed around a bit with my crossbow and commisioner and had some fun . 
  then i decided to try out the beamer and found that i loved the damn thing . 
  i remember that it used to be pretty horrible but now it 's awesome . 
  it 's accurate , have low recoil , decent damage and decent rof . 
  i wish it had thicker frontal armor . 
  considering its design , it should have thicker armor to the front but weaker armor to the sides . 
  it would be more vulnerable to flanking but stronger in 1v1 brawls and larger fights . 
  indeed . 
  the only reason i even know about pro7 is because of all the complaining in the community . 
  most people will just go through the registration process and start playing . 
  it 's not until later they 'll realize that their pro7 account is inferior to a normal soe account . 
  imo they should stop redirecting people to the . eu site and just let europeans make soe accounts at the . com website . 
  indeed . 
  free faction/server transfers should be a thing as long as it 's to an underpopulated faction or away from an overpopulated faction . 
  i also think we should get account wide unlocks of equivalent es weapons . 
  higby talked about it a year ago but i havent heard anything about it since . 
  i would gladly play as another faction if i had access to that factions equivalent of all my very very expensive weapons i 've bought with sc . 
  spawning a harasser with a basilisk is just depressing when you 're used to having a saron on it . 
  i would also spend more money if that happened ( hint hint ) . 
  watch klk again and read all the old comment threads . 
  i 've been doing that lately and reading the old theories is pretty damn hilarious . 
  it 's more likely they 'll just hit it with a sledgehammer again but in the opposite direction . 
  all hail terranside , land of harassers , strikers and mcgs . 
  my suggestion for a `` citadel '' would be that when they add the continental lattice they should turn the capturable wgs into giant fortresses . 
  like some sort of boss battle at the end of the map . 
  walls , turrets , bunkers , trenches and so on . 
  just defenses everywhere . 
  yes , and then they used their sledgehammer and we ended up with ncside , land or vanguards , shotgun gorillas and screaming missiles . 
  one thing they could do to improve the lasher is to make it lash . 
  ie , the projectiles should do some damage just by passing close to an enemy . 
  possibly , make it some sort of `` air-burst '' weapon or give it an air-burst firemode . 
  ie , the projectiles would explode when they come near an enemy . 
  iirc , in ps1 friendlies were immune to the lashers aoe so yeah , there should only be friendly fire from direct hits . 
  our spandex has built in lash-protection or something . 
  i 'm vs on ceres and there we 're the underdogs . 
  somehow we still tend to do better than tr in alerts though . 
  i guess we have better outfits or something . 
  turns out this entire invasion is just a marketing scheme to sell more russian military equipment . 
  they just want to show off their new toys in action , make a `` car commercial '' with a tank driving around some pretty ukraine landscape . 
  the default gun on the flash need a pretty big buff . 
  the flash itself could use a bit more speed .
