  at best they 're just mostly useless , making the rest of us work harder but sometimes you have these clueless bastards that fuck up everything . 
  except that a max has a lot more health than a ha and thus should be able to survive long enough to kill its targets . 
  i 'd love bombs for esfs if they change rocket pods into a more multi-purpose weapon , that 's less effective at a2g than they currently are but a lot better in a2a combat . 
  something like lower aoe but higher velocity . 
  kinda like making them the big brother of the default esf cannons . 
  while i do look forward to av mana turrets , i 'm afraid tanks will become even more useless now . 
  with all the lock-on launcher has hiding behind every tree , rock and building , trying to use vehicles is already suicidal , and with one more source of hurt , even more so . 
  one thing they could do with lock-on launchers is that the ha has to continue aiming at the target for the missile to hit and if the target manages to get behind somethin to break the has line of sight the missile would just contine un the same direction it was when it lost the lock , maybe with a few degrees deviation . 
  i 'd be ok with this if they could use giant swords . 
  and if maxs and infantry could have swords as well . 
  edit : and if the vs mech had some sort of jetboosters so it can fly , like an mwo jenner . 
  when released they were apparently extremely overpowered and only required one player unlike the two man mbts . 
  from what i 've heard they were later balanced but by then a lot of people had stopped playing and because of that everyone is still butthurt about the bfrs ever existing in the first place . 
  but if soe think they can make bfrs balanced in ps2 then they should just ignore all the naysayers and go for it . 
  they could even start by making them underpowered on purpose and then continue buffing them until they 're ok . 
  any plans/ideas on how a vs leader hat should look like ? 
  only thing i can think of is giving them hoods , but i 'd rather see that as the leader `` hats '' of all infiltrators , with a cape/cloak/coat to go with it . 
  kinda like [ this ] ( http://www.thecompanyofstrangers.com/gallery/albums/userpics/eldarranger1.jpg ) . 
  actually unless you 've just fired , it would only take 18 seconds to kill a sundy at rank 1 since then there would be no cooldown on the first rocket . 
  it 's shepards reaction to the ending after finishing me3 . 
  one role i could think of for mechs is rough-terrain firesupport . 
  they could be able to get where other tanks could only dream of and provide some heavy firepower to the otherwise vehicle-deprived infantry . 
  i remember reading about the war in the pacific and japanese tanks , and how while usually being inferior to us tanks in terms of armor , firepower etc etc , some of them were quite good at getting through terrain us tanks could n't , resulting in japan winning some fights simply because crappy tanks  no tanks at all . 
  i 'm talking terrain so rough magriders would n't be able to go there , or if they did , so rough that you would be pointing upwards or downards all the time and unable to fire . 
  what if they were kinda like the flight-bfrs from ps1 ( but actually balanced ) and had jumpjets , enabling it to get over steep cliffs and other obstacles not even magriders can get over , plus not being slowed down as much by slopes . 
  and unlike tanks , it would be able to keep its cockpit and guns level even while on a slope so it wont suddenly be aiming downwards just because it 's going down a hill . 
  disadvantages would be like op said `` being fairly easy to take down themselves . 
  '' , lets say half the health of an mbt , or even lower if necessary . 
  same speed as a magrider or possibly even lower , plus a high profile making them a lot less useful in the open . 
  should make them easy to kill unless they use the terrain for their advantage . 
  zero gravitas becaue i 'm a huge culture series fanboy . 
   very specific terrain, 
  you mean large parts of indar and amerish ? 
   if you need firepower on a hill you either drive up there, 
  i 'm talking about the places where it 's nigh impossible to get a tank . 
  or it 's so steep a tank would have a very hard time aiming where it wants to . 
   gal-drop a squad with guided launchers . 
  yeeaaah , that 's not really the same thing . 
   and why not give max suits jump jets ? 
  because maxs are infantry and not vehicles . 
  we already have infantry with jumpjets , they 're called light assaults . 
  and iirc , soe have said that not even the vs max will get jumpjets . 
  do n't steal my sovereign bro . 
  too bad the character limit on shipnames is so short . 
  i 'd love to name a ship `` falling outside the normal moral constraints '' or `` mistake not my current state of joshing gentle peevishness for the awesome and terrible majesty of the towering seas of ire that are themselves the milquetoast shallows fringing my vast oceans of wrath '', 
  while the fleet excelsior is awesome ( and goodlooking ) you shouldnt spend zen to get it . 
  the fleet ship modules needed are avaliable on the exchange for about 5 mil ec each . 
  that way he could get both a zen store ship and the excelsior . 
   or would you mind if i did ? 
  nope . 
  maybe your thread would be more popular than mine so i could hijack it . 
  i made something similar in some old fort . 
  i had an 11x11 room with a 5x5 platform in the middle and magma around it . 
  in the room aboive it i had my prisoner stockpile and a few levels above that i had a room with a stone stockpile and a refuse . 
  i pitted the goblins down on the platform , mae sure that every dwarf left the room and locked the door . 
  then i told the dwarf to dump all the stones and refuse through the holes that went all the way down to the magma . 
  after the goblins had turned into ash i lowered a bridge to the platform so i could get all the loot . 
  rince and repeat . 
  nope , but vs can use a tactic my old outfit used several times to capture the crown . 
  ie , the magrider charge . 
  assemble a platoon of magriders and ams sunderers . 
  hide behind the hill at crossroads watctower , do n't sit on it and camp since that would ruin the surprise . 
  then you all charge at the same time with the strict orders that you 're absolutely not allowed to stop for any reason whatsoever . 
  just keep on moving , try to shoot everything you see and do your best not to crash into people . 
  if your vehicle blows up , get out on foot and keep on charging . 
  about 2/3rds of you will probably die during this clusterfuck but since you should now have an ams sunderer ( plus a few backups ) and a few angry magriders right next to/in the tower it doesnt really matter . 
  during this charge you will also distract the defenders enough to enable all friendly infantry hiding around the rocks , cliffs and bridges to move in without being gunned down . 
  i guess this works for all factions but it 's best for the vs since the magrider is much better suited for getting over rough the terrain . 
  the reputation system , grind + grind + grind + waiting . 
  the kdf hud color, 
  one thing i want would be the ability to `` target '' an enemy vehicle like you can in most combat flight-sims . 
  what this would do is put a circle or something around it , to help keep track of that specific vehicle and if the target is outsidce your fov , an arrow would appear at the edge of your screen , pointing you in the right direction . 
  this should n't only be avaliable for aircrafts but all vehicles and infantry as well , to help keep track of a specific enemy vehicle . 
  as another benefit , the target of squad and platoon leaders would be visible to everyone under his/her command , to for example coordinate fire . 
  could possibly be a leadership cert . 
  i 'm starting to suspect that someone has a bunch of bots that he will use to upvote crap like this just to annoy people . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hzyltbqqezq ) is one of my favorite endings . 
  imagine if valve made a tf2 rpg with the tf2 classes as party members . 
  no idea what it would be about but with all the backstory tf2 have gotten they could probably come up with something . 
  too bad about remmick though . 
  for some reason i read the title as melee volus engineer . 
  let 's just say i was pretty damn confused . 
  [ father of 7 children ? 
  yes please !, 
  after all the hours i 've spent playing dayz , not being able to turn my head is really annoying . 
  i just want to look around without it affecting where i point my weapon or the direction i run . 
  pretty much any shotgun works for salarian infiltrator . 
  just go full defense with energy drain and play against geth or possibly cerberus . 
  flarmitage ? 
  i only use forts when i 'm going tall and will have more territory than my cities can use . 
  then i build forts on the unusable tiles and station my forces there . 
  maybe he 's about to get a fleet armitage, 
  all aircrafts lose their ability to fly , instead this ability is given to the mbts . 
  i think it should be avaliable to everyone who 's playing as squad and platoon leaders even if they 're just br1 . 
  instead , high br players should get more `` bling '' on their uniform , like maybe displaying their medals , some extra gold trim on the hat , a nice golden tr symbol on the shoulder etc etc. 
  my old outfit used to simply zerg it with a platoon of magriders and ams sunderers . 
  let 's say we had 40 magriders and 8 sundys . 
  we would all meet at crossroads watchtower and stay behind the hill so the defenders do n't see us . 
  then as the platoon leader gives the order , everyone just charges the crown . 
  stopping is completely forbidden , you keep on moving forward until you reach the top or die .
