  i want people to get weird units , like a grudge thrower with poison , a steam tank with stalk or some unbreakable arrer boyz . 
  edit : got some better ideas below . 
  exactly , and if their trait is good enough you might keep them even when you would normally replace them with greatswords or some other superior unit . 
  rors are pretty nice but since you can always just recruit them again after a few turns i do n't really hesitate to replace them with something better . 
  in fact most of the time i use them as emergency reinforcements when some nasty doomstack is approaching a settlement . 
  like if i can recruit the normal version i will usually use that in my army so i still have the ror available when i really need it . 
  pretty much anything big with stalk would be both hilarious and terrifying . 
  mammoths with stalk , giants with stalk , arachnaroks with stalk . 
  and what if more units could get the snipe trait ( this unit remains hidden while firing ) that waystalkers have . 
  like artillery with snipe and stalk . 
  that would also be pretty cool . 
  or the game could give you a popup that you should give your veterans a fancy name . 
  i 'm not saying it should be completely random but if for example killing x units in a battle is guaranteed to give the unit frenzy then people would do it on purpose . 
  like letting one of your cav units kill all the enemy archers each battle until you have a whole bunch of frenzied reiksguard . 
  edit : maybe there could be multiple traits with the same unlock requirements . 
  like killing lots of unit might give you frenzy but it could also give you more damage , more ma , more charge bonus etc etc. 
  basically , do offensive stuff , get offensive traits , but not just one specific trait . 
  maybe after a unit has already earned one trait based on its actions , the second one could be a bit more random so you still end up with some odd trait combinations . 
   would you have merged units merge their traits too ? 
  to create a super traited up unit ? 
  that does sound kinda fun but it would probably result in some very broken units . 
  i 'm honestly not sure how merging would work with these units . 
  like should it even be possible to merge them with a normal traitless unit ? 
   also , would it not be cool if you had a system where you could embed a unit into a province so that all recruited units from their inherited traits from scratch ? 
  or would that be something agents could do ? 
  nah , the idea was that traits should be something you earn through battles to make veterans different from new units, 
  personally i 've never been fond of terrain bonuses but bonuses vs special factions would work as a trait . 
  tt had the hatred rule so `` hatred vs x '' should work as a trait that a unit can earn . 
  like a ma and damage bonus when fighting x. 
  on the other hand , i also think there should be a limit to how many traits a unit could earn so traits that are too situational like those could also be kinda disappointing . 
  like i would prefer always having +10 ma instead of +15 ma vs greenskins . 
   it 'd be nice if you could `` trade-in '' veteran low-tier units to higher-tier units ( if it makes sense ) . 
  so those swordsmen who you 've had since the beginning to are frenzied and unbreakable and cause fear can be upgraded with a gold cost to be greatswords . 
  they 're great soldiers !, 
  train them up !, 
  part of the idea was that if you have some really awesome low tier unit you might want to keep it even if you can recruit higher tier units . 
  and a lot of units might not really have any higher tier equivalent so it would be somewhat limited . 
  be still my beating heart !, 
   if you 're going with random traits i 'd probably suggest every three ranks you get a few random traits to pick from . 
  while the pure randomness could be fun , you 'd probably also get people dumping units that have poor traits for the chance of better ones . 
  if you give them the option to pick the best of three that 's a bit less likely to happen . 
  maybe , but i still want some randomness . 
  and as i 've mentioned , at least the first trait earned should be based on something the unit did , so you have some influence on their first trait . 
  and even if the second trait might be kinda weird you should n't throw away a veteran unit with two traits just because one is n't that good . 
  for example i mentioned pistoliers with melee bonuses but that would most likely mean you used your pistoliers in melee in the first place . 
   maybe put it so they can only get it after a battle . 
  so the unit fresh out of training at rank 5 does n't start with a trait , they have to earn it in combat . 
  the whole point of this idea is that traits should only be earned through combat and nothing else . 
  you 're gon na carry that weight, 
  yeah , but as i 've mentioned , it should be a sort of mix between being based their actions and rng . 
  basically , each normal trait could have several different requirements to earn it and each requirement could reward several different traits . 
  so you ca n't farm for specific traits but you should still usually get something that fits whatever you use the unit for . 
  kill stuff and get offensive bonuses , hold the line and get defensive bonuses , etc etc. 
  but then after earning 1-2 `` mundane traits '' like stat bonuses or fairly normal traits like frenzy or immune to psychology i want them to have a chance to get some of the more rare but also more powerful traits like unbreakable or snipe ( though snipe artillery should probably not exist ) . 
  and getting a full army of unbreakable units should basically be impossible the way i imagined this system to work . 
  getting traits in the first place should be somewhat rare so just all of your units having 1-2 low tier traits would be an achievement . 
  getting specific traits should be really hard and getting specific high tier traits for your entire army would basically mean you already completed the campaign 200 turns ago and are now just playing to farm traits for some strange reason . 
  that is one possibility but then you could also end up with a fuckton of poisonous dwarfs ( which would be kinda useful but not that fun ) and kislev would be fucking scary if they survive long enough . 
   so a unit of swords men get wiped out to five unit models , they could get the trait the black coach gets for staying in combat, 
  the norscans rage or berserk trait could work for this . 
   if a unit take fire damage , there 's a chance they get fire damaged, 
  specific damage types was one of the things i was thought could be random traits you get after some `` mundane traits '' because i ca n't really come up with any `` unlock requirements '' that are n't too specific and thus something you can get on purpose . 
  personally i 'm not too fond of traits that are too situational like a bonus vs a specific race or in a certain type of terrain . 
  but , maybe such traits could be separate from the other traits . 
  so a unit could both earn 1-3 normal traits plus a geographic trait and an enemy type trait . 
  so you could have this swordsmen unit with bonus armor , frenzy and fire damage that has `` hatred vs undead '' so they get a ma and damage bonus vs vampire counts . 
   there 'd have to be a cap for the traits , maybe one type of trait per unit . 
  that way you 're not getting a unit that has berserk , frenzy , unbreakable , then also deals fire , magic , and poison damage . 
  whoops , i kinda forgot to include that i was thinking of a limit of around 3 traits/bonuses per unit . 
  basically they usually should n't be able to surpass the normal rors unless you get lucky . 
  and getting a combo like berserk , frenzy and unbreakable would be like winning the lottery so even if it is theoretically possible to get , it would be really really unlikely . 
  so if you do actually get it , enjoy your stupidly op unit while it lasts . 
  well the campaign does n't , and from my experience units with unbreakable does have a nasty tendency of getting themselves killed . 
  personally i think the immortulz should be changed to a grimgor specific ror ( or at least only available if you have unlocked grimgor ) that could have the guardian trait like several other of the new bodyguard rors got . 
  well if you keep a unit of peasants around long enough for them to earn a high tier trait like that you deserve it . 
  besides , they would still just be peasants and lose to most melee units . 
  yeah and it a lot of cases it does make sense , like upgrading a unit to its shielded variant , or upgrading some archers to a version with special ammo , but imo something like that should be in the game regardless of this trait system . 
  i wonder if we will have the same victory objectives in the combined campaign . 
  maybe instead of having to completely defeat every chaos army we could eventually get a final quest battle ( like bretonnia , norsca and the beastmen ) that ends the chaos invasion . 
  they could more or less use the same quest battle for each faction that has to defeat archaon & co ( even if that might be a bit boring ) . 
   while it can be a bit repetitive to play through the same scripted battle for a multitude of campaigns, 
  yeah ... at this point i think most of us are used to playing the same battles every campaign . 
  i 've lost count how many times i 've ambushed those fucking empire traitors . 
  all i know is that i have become exceedingly efficient at it . 
   the battle would just have to trigger somewhat more `` dynamically '' so it would n't be as simple to game as it is in the wood elf and norscan campaigns . 
  yeah i was thinking that it could be triggered by you personally kicking enough chaos ass or something like that . 
  like you have to defeat all 4 chaos lls in battle at some point ( even if all you did was finish off the tattered remains of their forces ) before you get the final showdown quest . 
  and maybe something negative should happen if you fail the quest battle , like even more chaos armies spawning up north , or just a lot more global chaos corruption . 
  yeah mosnter hunts require much better units than marauders and usually you 'll want at least 4-6 hunters with javelins ( except the mammoth hunt ) . 
  i 'm honestly surprised op won at all . 
  i wish bright wizards in tw : w were more like sienna . 
  terrifying in melee and with the ability to fire a death ray to immolate the rat filth . 
  yeah but if that never happens i would personally settle for reskins but only if they 're free . 
  except kislev does need to become a playable faction so i can get my elite handgunner/halberdier hybrid infantry . 
  we need a woc subfaction that got lost . 
   this is n't norsca ... 
  i think averland is also a very likely subfaction for the empire . 
  marius leitdorf , the mad count of averland is an ll in tt with a [ special rule ] ( http://i.imgur.com/dgzrcdc.jpg ) that could be pretty interesting in tw : w . he could also have some interesting campaign events based around his madness . 
  bear cavalry might look cool but in terms of gameplay i do n't see how it would be that different from other cavalry units . 
  but elite infantry armed with both handguns and halberds would like free company militia on steroids and fcm are already one of my favorite units .
