  even veterans of conflict with the clacking hordes of sylvania are unprepared for the poisonous onslaught of the konigstein stalkers . 
  i lost my most successful a15 colony ( so far ) to a pack of maneating boomrats . 
  new dwarf unit for the dwarf + greenskin ll pack . 
  * mountain-goat cavalry . 
  * steam chariots, 
  * longbeards sensible enough to use polearms or some other weapon good vs large units . 
  i wish there were some alternate end game events , like archaon getting held up by something in the chaos wastes but instead we get a massive waaagh from the badlands or something like that . 
  just a few options so that it 's not guaranteed that archy and co are gon na show up in the northeast and fuck things up . 
  edit : another thing i think they should do is give the bjorling invasion a few alternate spawn points so that they do n't always who up at the southwest parts of the badlands . 
  bretonia , estalia and tilea could certainly use a bit more chaos in their lives . 
  praise sigmar !, 
  the tattersouls do appear to get the bonus from the `` blessed holy war '' skill ( + weapon strength and speed ) in volkmars skill tree so it 's probably a bug for the other rors . 
  the poison bonus your units get from ghorst is something like -36 % speed and -18 % vigor iirc . 
  it 's even called ghorst something, 
  yeah this is something i really hope we get more of , especially if ca are allowed to be a little bit creative ( as in not being too constricted by the tt as long as they follow some official book ) . 
  for example some special long rifle handgunner units from hochland . 
  ghorsts poison is different from the normal poison , it does n't reduce the enemies damage output but the slow effect is greater . 
   sorry but cutting your dick off seems like the hard way out and is n't simple . 
  do n't worry , [ they just turn it inside out . 
  ] ( https://gfycat.com/lightshinybufeo ) ( iirc that gif is an older technique though ) . 
  i would have preferred if their base stats were reduced but they started at max level ( so the end result is the same ) to make it clearer that these are elite units that ca n't level any further . 
  or maybe some form of special symbol where the chevrons usually are . 
  i wish the orcs had some form of throwing weapon ( spears and/or axes ) infantry for this role and sort of ranged ap units , but unfortunately i have n't been able to really find any references in the lore to support the creation of such a unit . 
  i mean imo throwing weapons are way more orcier than bows and should especially have fitted the savage orcs ( more primitive ) but apparently games workshop did n't agree . 
  yeah but throwing weapons would fit pretty well with the charging ahead part . 
  i mean something more like orc boyz with precursor weapons ( like legionaries in rome 2 ) rather than a ranged units . 
  they would have like 2-3 spears to throw before or during their charge and then they would just be basic melee infantry . 
  well since a lot of people here ( me included ) first thought it was a bug that the ror did n't level up some additional symbol would have been nice . 
  i prefer [ this one ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e8igiew-wzs ), 
  basically it is a sam version of the [ iris-t ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/iris-t ) mounted on a [ bandvagn 410/bvs 10 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bvs_10 ) . 
  [ source in swedish ] ( https://www.forsvarsmakten.se/sv/aktuellt/2016/09/nytt-robotsystem-premiarvisades ), 
  weather station, 
  one thing i want when it comes to `` breaking the lore '' is random alternate events and stuff that did n't happened in the canon lore . 
  like a large savage orc waaagh from the south ( almost rivaling the chaos invasion ) or the bjorling invasion landing somewhere in estalia or bretonnia . 
  yeah as the empire you pretty much never get to fight the greenskins or the dwarfs , and the beastmen are also fairly rare . 
  and as the dwarfs you pretty much only fight greenskins until chaos shows up . 
  so more events spawning enemies would be nice and maybe the dwarfs could get some grudges against other factions , like `` faction x owes us money from 300 years ago so sack one of their cities '' so you 'll have to venture into the empire or bretonnia . 
  maybe the beastmen factions could get a rare random event where they unite into a big faction and start spawning more armies than usual . 
  the different dwarf factions could get random grudges vs other factions causing them to become slightly more aggressive . 
  yes !, 
  we can finally upgrade our scouts into something !, 
  i wonder what monster betelgeuse looked like to anyone else . 
  some mangled floating body shouting satella !, 
  imo some/most of the `` incapable of x '' stuff should be replaced by `` dislike doing x '' that gives a mood penalty . 
  so rather than being unable to haul stuff they just get really sad if you force them to , sort of like nudists , brawlers and prostophobes with their dislikes . 
  then they reveal greece again . 
  a lot/most of the `` incapable of '' stuff should be replaced `` dislikes/hate doing x '' that give stacking mood penalties if you force them to do something they dislike . 
  as a result we 'd end up with fewer useless colonists but potentially more tantrums and stuff . 
  and for example a chef that hates cooking ( rather than being incapable of cooking ) could just be someone who hates their job which is n't that rare . 
  i got a few ideas though i do n't really have a specific leader in mind for some of them . 
  * 1 : cargo ships can travel along rivers and rivers can be used to establish trade routes . 
  * 2 : can bribe the barbarians into not attacking you for a while . 
  * 3 : your units ignore the terrain cost of forests , hill , etc in your own territory . 
  * 4 : the ability to turn your own units into barbarian units ( ie you lose control of them but they can now wreak havoc without you having to declare war ) . 
  * 5 : when defeating an artillery unit , x % chance to capture it . 
  interesting . 
  my inspiration was gustavus adolphus . 
  from wikipedia . 
   in gustavus ' army the units were extensively cross trained . 
  both cavalry and infantry could service the artillery , as his heavy cavalry did when turning captured artillery on the opposing catholic tercios at first breitenfeld . 
  maybe, 
  1 : would imo fit some form of viking or russian leader/civ , though maybe it could be a base feature but some leader/civ has some form of bonus for it , like a swedish viking leader with a major range bonus for cargo ships traveling through rivers . 
  when it comes to no 2 , personally i wish the barbarians were more or less replaced with tribal factions that you could actually talk with and stuff , kinda like some strange hybrid between barbs and city states . 
  and i guess no 5 could be a unit promotion or something . 
  maybe next year when you 've actually existed for a century . 
  it could have a small upkeep cost in production and/or gold from the constant construction . 
  here 's the stuff about the bretonnians stakes from the 8th edition, 
   defensive stakes : set up the stakes at the start of the, 
  game when the unit is deployed . 
  every model in the, 
  front rank has a stake base placed in front of it ( these, 
  stakes must also be set up within the army 's, 
  deployment zone ) . 
  characters may join the unit or, 
  leave it freely -- add or remove a stake base as, 
  necessary . 
   defensive stakes are treated as defended obstacles ,, 
  and remain on the table during the game . 
  all troop, 
  types apart from infantry and swarms suffer d6, 
  strength 4 hits on the turn that they charge a unit, 
  behind defensive stakes . 
  in addition , enemy models in, 
  base contact with the defensive stakes suffer -1 to hit, 
  in the first round of close combat . 
  these rules only, 
  apply when fighting the unit 's front . 
  so basically , the stakes would be placed in front of the archers during deployment and any large enemy trying to charge them from the front would take damage . 
  imo it would be kinda strange if ca did n't add this feature when they make bretonnia a playable faction in the campaign , especially since this feature was in many previous tw games . 
  and if they end up adding stakes then i figured they could add a few more deployables for some other factions/units . 
  yeah i remembered people here mentioning something about vc siege weapons but could n't find it but the wiki does mentioned that he built catapults to attack marienburg at some point . 
  i was kinda thinking that the vcs should get some form of anti-wall siege engine but could n't find any good source to back me up . 
  i assume [ this ] ( https://www.scribd.com/document/100197148/warhammer-siege ) is what you 're referring to . 
  the log ram could be pretty neat for some factions and the vcs could really use something like the pick or drill to make holes in the walls . 
  and mining is also in the rule book so that could also be added , at least for the dwarfs . 
  well if they turn the immortulz into a ror then imo it should be in a patch and not a paid dlc ( especially one that has nothing to do with grimgor ) so it 's possible they 'll end up as an ror . 
  i really wish that the orcs had something like the rangers with great weapons . 
  bows just feel so damn unorcy and it would be nice if the greenskins had some ranged infantry not armed with bows . 
  like some sneaky savage orcs with precursor weapons . 
  but apparently gw did n't think so .
