  it 's not much but it would still be cheaper than $ 90, 
  edit : what about this store ? 
  i 've never used it so i do n't know how legit it is but people linked it in the / r/gaming thread . 
  [ spoiler ] ( / s `` i 've heard that was just a `` what if '' scenario '' ), 
  tbh , it should n't be very expensive getting a decent newbie fit for you . 
  the main problem with your ship is n't the quality of the stuff you have but rather the mixing of damage types , weapon types , tactical consoles and how many torpedoes you have . 
  go to the exchange , buy 6-7 beam arrays ( keep 1-2 of your current torpedoes ) and 3 tactical consoles of the same damage type , then retrain your boffs with fire at will instead of high yield torpedo . 
  should n't cost more than 200000-300000 and it should be a huge upgrade compared to what you have . 
  now you can grind ec and marks to buy all the really good stuff that / r/stobuilds tell you to get . 
   and the same torp/mine types ( all photon for example ) . 
  that 's not really necessary unless you 're also using tac consoles that increase photon/quantum/etc damage or have some set bonuses . 
  afaik most build just use damage consoles for their energy weapons since those will be doing most of the damage . 
   it makes you wonder how they came to that conclusion ? 
  people not in/near the harbor who were suddenly hit by stuff falling from the sky ? 
  just get some green/blue mk xi arrays as a start . 
  imo you should start with getting a good cheap ( ish ) basic build before even thinking about shiny mk xii bling bling modules . 
  the quality of the gear means nothing if the build itself is bad . 
  i would save the ec for when you 're ( eventually ) getting your real end-game gear . 
  you 're most likely gon na replace them with fleet/reputation stuff later on and soon we 'll be getting mk xiii and mk xiv stuff which would kinda make your mk xii stuff obsolete . 
  afaik that menu will only show civs you 've encountered . 
   so now we have .40 . x.x and it seems like updates are just coming out left and right . 
  was it like this when .34 . x.x came out ? 
  iirc , yes . 
   there will be a point in time when the updates die off and we have a certain version for a long while before .45 or .50 comes out and the updates start rolling out once again . 
  most likely . 
  my guess is that toady will fix most of the issues with .40 . xx until he feels satisfied and then start working on the next huge update like open world fortress mode , oculus rift support or mmmmaybe even a nice ui . 
  the warm/wet stone and dwarves giving birth announcements are also nice to disable pause and recenter for . 
  same for claiming workshops and beginning construction for strange moods as long as you pay attention to the moody dorf . 
  a few questions, 
  * 1 : what 's the best way ( excluding danger rooms ) to train your military ? 
  i can get them to train but it 's always just individual combat drills and demonstrations and it 's soooo slow . 
  i 've read that sparring is much better but i 've never ever seen my dwarves do any sparring . 
  * 2 : would it be a good idea to bring a dwarf with a high teacher skill and some combat skill when i embark . 
  would he then be able to teach my militia much faster when i eventually make one ? 
  * 3 : what 's the highest fall a dwarf is willing to make to go somewhere ? 
  i 've had dwarves jump off my 2-3 z-level high walls to run to/away from an enemy . 
  * 4 : is there an easy way to move a lot of stuff down a lot of z-levels automatically and quickly . 
  i 've reclaimed a few ruins and having my forges 100 levels down can make hauling kinda annoying . 
  could i use minecarts to automatically dump stuff from a stockpile down a shaft or something ? 
  edit : one more question, 
  * 5 : is there some rule of thumb how strong my militia should be in terms of skill , equipment and numbers to deal with different threats . 
  that 's a us cb90 . 
  apparently the standard armament was n't enough . 
  unfortunately it 's been canceled since we 're not gon na get the amos after all . 
  though iirc , there is a [ new single-barrel version of the amos ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/patria_nemo ) that i think we 're gon na put on some normal cb90s . 
  any advice on how to do that ? 
  ehm ... the project was finished and iirc finland is already using the amos . 
  also , the archer and amos are very different and fill different roles . 
  iirc block walls are climbable but much harder to climb than most constructed walls . 
  try playing as a vorcha . 
  few things are as frustrating as constantly dying because your teammates keep stealing your kills and preventing you from going super-saiyan . 
  well you could put the universal console in the 6th tac console slot . 
  that 's why they 're called universal consoles :p, 
  mirror ? 
  that site is blocked at work . 
  maybe, 
   this was originally a dlc for scandies, 
  fyi , the scandinavian dlc is ( afaik ) not actually delayed or anything . 
  they simply finished the campaign and some other stuff early and decided to release it now rather than wait until the basically unrelated scandinavian stuff was complete . 
  kinda like that yes . 
  i would imagine something like [ this list ] ( http://sto.gamepedia.com/playable_starship#types ) of playable starships ( maybe not that organized ) with each link leading to an imgur album . 
  canadian rifles can also use it . 
  afaik the teacher and student skills are only used for teaching/learning combat skills when a squad is training . 
  if you want your dwarves to increase their normal social skills , let them hang out together in some fancy dining hall or statue garden . 
  if i reclaim a ruin that was destroyed by a dragon/roc/titan / etc , is it guaranteed that that megabeast will be somewhere in the fortress ? 
  i reclaimed a ruin that contained several rocs once ( by accident ) and managed to both tame and breed them but more or less lost the fortress due to a wave of unhappy/miserable/tantruming migrants . 
  now i want to try again so i just want to know if it 's that simple to find a roc inhabited ruin . 
  have you made sure your dwarves are n't taking the eggs ? 
  lock the doors to the hatchery and/or make sure the eggs are disables for all your stockpiles . 
  also , do you have any males ? 
   redfor kpvt range vs ground increased from 1225m to 1400m, 
  o ___ o, 
  redfor motorized master race !, 
   czech . 
  ondava aim time reduced from 30sec to 10sec to represent it 's modern fcs, 
   czech . 
  ondava availability per card reduced from 3 to 2, 
  now there 's a reason to use it instead of the german msta as nswp . 
   british fv510 warrior '90 frontal armor increased from 4.4.2.1 to 6.5.2.2 to better represent the amount of additional armor ( chobham ) . 
  well shit . 
  uk/cw mechanized just became a lot scarier , especially with the new warrior milan . 
   n-korean su-25 loadout changed from 8x fab-500 to 4x kh-23m and price reduced from 140 $ to 110 $, 
  those are atgms right ? 
  saclos or f&f ? 
   the only worthwhile change for the redfor side is the decreased aim time for ondava . 
  you forgot this, 
   redfor kpvt range vs ground increased from 1225m to 1400m, 
   they should add inbetween base outposts or generators or some shit that 's worth fighting for or something that can stall a push to the next base . 
  this . 
  [ i made a thread ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/planetside/comments/1zpokc/some_thoughts_and_ideas_about_basedesign_outposts/ ) about something like that ... 6 months ago . 
  i would like some small spawnless `` bases '' that provide some sort of benefit for the holder . 
  like a control point and some buildings . 
  mobility : capturable bridges , tunnels , teleporters and jump-pads . 
  enable or disable some shortcuts between bases . 
  defense : phalanx turrets , walls , bunkers and other defensive constructions in the middle of nowhere . 
  like a few av phalanx turrets on top of some cliffs in indar or some pillboxes and trenches on some plain on esamir . 
  support : a radar station revealing enemy vehicles in a large radius , an ammo tower , a small vehicle spawner etc etc. 
  try saving the ship loadout and locking the tray . 
  not completely sure but i think it should help . 
  maybe a gunship version .
