  i think it 's to prevent naval invasions from becoming too easy now that armies can provide their own transport ships . 
  not really a feature but a type of unit . 
  i want some sort of supply/logistic unit that i can bring into battle to resupply troops with a finite amount of ammunition . 
  a couple of wagon pulled by some oxen and guarded by some infantry . 
  it would have to deploy similar to horse-pulled artillery in e : tw and fots . 
  this way i could allow range unis to fire for a longer duration but their rof would n't be increased and i would have to bring a slow non-combat unit with me , slowing me down on the camaign map and in the battle . 
  the unit sizes kinda suggest that he 's using mods . 
  i kinda doubt that siege units will be avaliable as a bodyguard option . 
  iirc , you wo n't assign your general to an existing unit , instead you will have a choice betwen several different bodyguards ( like light cav , spearmen , etc ) when you get a new general . 
  cities and forts could have some sort of ammo stockpile that you can use to resupply units . 
  maybe it could be something you place during the deployment phase , similar to the traps and defenses we 've seen so far . 
  i hope so , manipulating the ai is one of my favorite things to do in games like tw and civiliation . 
  [ apparently not ] ( http://forums.totalwar.com/showthread.php/73719-jack-s-macedon-campaign-playthrough-discussion-thread?s=52bb97db307c06a068fa37fe6488f762&amp;p=616611&amp;viewfull=1#post616611 ), 
  check green man gaming ( at work so it 's blocked ) . 
  was still 35 % off last i checked . 
  i think they 've mentioned that re-training for upgrades will return in rome 2 . 
  if that is true then you should be able to upgrade your old troops later on . 
  edit : [ found it ] ( http://forums.totalwar.com/showthread.php/72354-jack-answers-updated-with-part-3 !, 
  ? s = e70a8db02d7c8e07c5a7239e7aa248cc & p = 572141 & viewfull = 1 #post 572141 ), 
   can you retrain units to get new bonuses from better buildings ? 
   yes !, 
  it was still 35 % for me yesterday . 
  i think it might depend on your region . 
   in my first campaign i lost because of food shortages . 
  do n't upgrade your markets and forts too much . 
  afaik it 's pretty accurate except maybe for the merry adventures of lucius vorenus and titus pullo . 
  edit the files so you can play as the papal states . 
  having an endless stream of free `` assassins '' to throw at every general you can find can be pretty hilarious . 
  well it will still hopefully prevent the `` spamming of tiny `` armies '' to run around and pillage stuff '' strategy that the ai loved so much in empire and s2 . 
  i would suggest you contact steam support and tell them of your problem . 
  they might be able to change the region or maybe let you cancel your pre-order so you can get a refund and buy the game in the correct region . 
  play as rome , march north and exterminate/enslave `` denmark '' , the dream of any true swede . 
  i thought that m2 had 1.5 year turns ( and that characters ages 0.5 years per turn ) . 
  in the name of the king : a dungeon siege tale, 
  and now i see that he 's made a sequel and that a third movie is coming soon . 
  why ? 
  the preload is compressed and should lack certain important ( though fairly small ) files . 
  before the reforms there were fairly strict rules on who could join the military . 
  from wikipedia, 
   up until the last decade of the 2nd century bc , the eligibility requirements to become a roman soldier in the service of the republic were very strict . 
   * he had to be a member of the fifth census class or higher . 
   * he had to own property worth 3,500 sesterces in value . 
   * he had to supply his own armaments . 
  so basically only rich upper-class/noble people could join and they had to provide their own equipment . 
  then later on a guy named marius was given the task of finishing some war , but found that most of the people he could recruit were either dead or already in some other army . 
  to fix his roblem he made a bunch of reforms so that anyone could join and that the state bought their equipment . 
  he now got a big nice army of plebs . 
  in the end this resulted in rome getting a real army and not just an upper class volunteer force . 
  looks like your units will be upgraded into other units . 
  should we stopd using the names for the months and the days of the week as well ? 
  i mean , i do n't believe in the norse gods thor , odin , tyr or frey nor the roman gods saturn , mars , juno or maia and even though i believe that augustus julius ceacar did exist i do n't think he was a god . 
  iirc , you will get attrition from certain terrain , like the alps . 
  yeah , let 's hope stuff like that ( and the trails behind projectiles ) will have some sort of graphic/gameplay settings so we can turn it off/tone it down . 
  it will be released at the same time world wide . 
  maybe they do n't want to spend the night making hotfixes and decided to release the game 8am ( their local time ) so they 've had a good nights sleep before . 
  would n't surprise me if we could get pullo and vorenus ( or at least characters with their names ) as generals . 
  the irl versions of them were both centurions and were competing for the promotion to the rank of primus pilus ( the top centurion in the legion ) so i could imagine them as `` man of the hour '' options . 
   medieval 3 : total war , with a hugely expanded map . 
  that would be awesome . 
  that could also mean that we could play as the mongols and timurids ( artillery elephants !! ), 
  and not just have them as a surprise buttsex faction . 
  it would also be cool if the knowledge about the east/west will differ depending on the faction you play as . 
  for example for england most of asia would just be a big white spot with `` here be dragons '' ( and vice versa ) while turkey would know a bit more , like the position of some cities , rivers and mountains due to trade and stuff . 
  armstrong guns in fots . 
  once i get a few of these i can just steamroll the ai ( as long as i play the battle myself ) as i can kill about half their forces before they even reach my line infantry and by then most of the survivors are already wavering so it 's more of a mop up than a real fight . 
  as someone stuck at work , i hate every single one of you . 
  greek states dlc is a separate key . 
  you should have gotten it on another piece of paper or possible on your receipt . 
  just pretend the mk i-ivs were the older models that have been replaced by the mk v. 
  are you sure the dlc did n't come as a separate key ? 
  i know it did for me with my digital copy . 
  i 've heard that some retailers put the dlc key on the receipt, 
  i noticed this as well . 
  it 's kinda nice since it means you wo n't have rebel forces just standing/roaming around but instead a very angry and desperate enemy who wants their cities back . 
  i pretty much just wanted something like shogun 2 but with faction/unit variety . 
   what the hell do the fire pot assault triremes do ? 
  they have fire pots hanging in front of them . 
  if the pot collides with an enemy ship ( ie , ramming ) it 's very likely it 'll catch fire . 
  how about something like this ? 
  if less than 50 % of the enemy units are visible , send 1-3 cheap and/or fast units ahead of the rest of the force . 
  they would pretty much, 
  `` if we 're gon na take on these roman bastards we shall need to be at our best for they 're always at their bloody best !, 
  they 're so bloody good , it 's boring '', 
  i wonder if `` siege battle path-finding '' will fix the ai not giving a damn that you 're capturing the point or is that a different issue ? 
   roman antigravitas architecture, 
  ftfy, 
   hire an amazing actor who happens to be white, 
  since both ricardo montalb\u00e1ns parents were from spain , was n't he also `` white '' ? 
   armies composed mostly of low-tier units ( spears and slingers ) being fielded right through the game , even into late-game . 
  i think one reason for this could be the cai not prioritizing military buildings high enough . 
  from my own experience , factions with only one or two settlements do n't seem to build military buildings ( or at least not very often ) and my theory is that the ai gives farms , temples and other civilian buildings much higher priority . 
  as a result it might run out of slots before it decides it 's time to build a barrack . 
  factions with more territory on the other hand seem to use better units quite frequently and i guess it might be because they had enough slots to squeeze in a military building or two somewhere . 
  another theory is that the cai concider some of the cheaper crap-units more cost effecient and will prefer to spam them instead of getting a real army . 
  until you 're finished and realize he wo n't be making any more culture novels . 
   it should n't be possible to ram without a proper run up, 
  i agree 90 % . 
  ramming should still be possible without a `` proper run up '' but should do almost no damage and should rather just be used to bump enemies around . 
  ramming damage should be something like speed x weight x bonuses ( from research , the ship itself etc ) . 
  just repeatedly ramming a ship over and over again at close range should n't do much while a big fat octamere with row hard should be able to ram through several transport ships at the same time or something .
