  managed to destroy 3 panzerwerfers and a vet 3 mortar halftrack and everything became so much easier when the world did n't explode every few minutes . 
  still an ammo count not evenly divisible by 4 . 
  i agree . 
  i even made a [ thread ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/planetside/comments/1dcnud/idea_phantasm_gunship/ ) about 1.5 months ago about an idea for a phantasm gunship . 
  kinda like a blackhawk/mi -24 type aircraft made for transporting small groups of people and providing some fire support afterwards . 
  main weapons and cloak would be mutually exclusive so a standard cloaky phantasm would have very limited firepower ( 1 turret + passengers ) but it wuld be possible to sacrifice the cloak and turn it into something more like a normal helicopter . 
  i do n't know why they simply did n't make the cloak and weapons mutually exclusive . 
  that 's pretty much like what i suggested in [ this ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/planetside/comments/1dcnud/idea_phantasm_gunship/ ) thread . 
  1 pilot , 1 gunner , 4 passengers . 
  the pilot would have access to some weapons , but nothing close to the firepower of a liberator or an esf . 
  the weapons could have really large magazines giving them decent sustained dps . 
  cloak and main weapons would be mutually exclusive so it would either be a stealthy transport or a cas gunship . 
  the gunner would have access to weapons like the kobalt , basilisk and fury . 
  mmmmmaybe the bulldog and/or halberd as well , but probably not . 
  the passengers would be able to fire out of the phantasm when it 's uncloaked ( doors close when cloaked ) but only with main and secondary weapons . 
  possibly also tools but under no circumstances would has be allowed to use their launchers from the phantasm . 
  this way we would get something like the ps1 phantasm but it would also be able to sacrifce the cloak to become something more like a blackhawk or mi-24 . 
  noooooo, 
  `` i 'm a dinner jacket '' had such an easy name to remember . 
  rouhani , not so much . 
  you forgot the panzerwerfer . 
  works for ground combat as well . 
  also , go into the control options and chose the type of autofire that you prefer , like `` non-combat cancels '' or `` switching target cancels '', 
  i think the autofire option for ground combat might be put on `` disabled '' by default . 
  afaik , the thing that makes a2b builds so popular is the [ technician ] ( http://sto.gamepedia.com/specialization:_technician ) doff . 
  get a few good technicians and a2b should enable you to use all your other powers more often . 
  from memory alpha, 
   khan 's background was suspected to be sikh , from the northern region of india . 
  and yet he was played by a mexican . 
  personally i think khans etnicity is n't important at all . 
  who knows , maybe he had some plastic surgery in one of the timelines , or maybe the original khan was just tanned . 
   and the intro is like nails on a chalkboard compared to the others . 
  but do you know what 's really frightening ? 
  if you listen to enough of it , you begin to like it . 
  just like the federation . 
  and they 're not gon na hold me down no more , no they 're not gon na change my mind !, 
  cause i 've got faaaiith of the haaaah !!!!, 
  even if the ships could be categorized as tank , dps and spacewizardry it does n't necessarily mean that a specific captain is best for a specific ship type and absolutely not that the tank captain is best for the tank ship . 
  for example , an engineer in an escort can make an otherwise very fragile build pretty durable . 
  a sci captain in a cruiser can create a tanky support ship and can use the evil board party + subnucleonic beam combo better . 
  a tactical captain in a cruiser can use its abilities to buff the cruisers dps ( a lot ) while the engineering boffs take care of the tanking . 
  so i take it you 'll use 2x a2bs and then just one all the other skills ? 
  i wish fighters worked differently . 
  it should be a toggle on/off ability . 
  when toggled on , 1 wing/pair should be launched . 
  then every x seconds a single ship would be launched until you reach the maximum amount . 
  losses would then automatically be replaced this way . 
  it 's a cruiser with more tac stuff than sci stuff . 
  it 's kinda like a romulan assault cruiser with multi vector mode . 
  ehm ... could you point out what we 're supposed to look at ? 
  or a second firing mode . 
  press b to switch to slow lashing balls that costs 5 ammo each . 
  there 's not much difference between the melee weapons . 
  afaik , the swords have a longer charge range ( ie defying the laws of gravity like a mass effect 2-3 vanguard ) while the 2h weapons have more powerful combos . 
  they list the different combos there . 
  the nausicaan sword and bat ` leth are indentical to the falchion and lipra . 
  personally i prefer using swords because i find them easier to use . 
  the longer charge range means that i will have to walk around less since i simply fly towards my targets . 
   what 's something i can do ( that is n't paying money for it ) to prepare for its release ? 
  like a lot !, 
  it looks like they 'll come in a 3 pack so you will probably be able to pay 5000 zen for all 3 or 2500 each . 
  zen was at 114 dil each last time i checked so that would be 285k dil to buy one of them . 
  you can refine a maximum of 8k dil per character per day . 
  assuming that you have 3 characters it would take about 12 days of maximum grind to get that much dil . 
  luckily your romulan is a kdf rommie so you can do the pi canis missions ( 4400 dil daily ) and marauding with it . 
  and the one with the least votes turned out to be a pretty good idea . 
  they changed the name and etnicity of khan just because of the actor they found . 
  they wanted a good actor . 
  they then found a good actor . 
  they then changed the character so they could use the good actor . 
  then when casting into darkness they wanted a good actor . 
  they then found a good actor . 
  unfortunately they could n't really change the name of khan , so as a result we got a white khan , played by a good actor . 
  i would n't have minded if khan was played by someone black/latino/hindu / samoan as long as the actor was good and could pull it off . 
  enjoy being a whiny elitist asshole . 
  while i 'm not attracted to men , the answer is obviously riker ( with beard ) and picard . 
   nero and spock only traveled back in time . 
  and by doing so they created an alternate timeline/universe . 
  i think each faction should have two types of anti infantry max weapons , like with the av weapons . 
  group 1 should be pretty similar to the current tr and vs weapons . 
  all factions would get some mgs that are pretty similar to each other . 
  group 2 would then be the special weapons . 
  nc would have their shotguns , vs should get some lasher/ppa guns and tr would get ... gatling guns ? 
  maybe their es weapons could have a veeeery high rof but also a short spin up time . 
  a max should have enough health survive that long . 
  that 's how it was in ps2 before people had bursters ( not even the default one ) and the few people who had them were outnumbered 10:1 by the esfs . 
  i remember defending some base against attacking nc forces and there were reavers absolutely everywhere . 
  our only aa was one lonely burster max and a bunch of has and engineers shooting with their mgs . 
  no , you 're elitist for whining about people enjoying into darkness . 
  disliking a movie is fine . 
  [ complaining that other people like the movie is not . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/startrek/comments/1ge2qy/levar_burton_takes_the_words_right_out_of_my/cajhdx4 ), 
  there are plently of useful ostheer abilities . 
  * hull down for example . 
  a well placed hull downed panther can be a huge pain in the ass for the soviets . 
  * the vehicle smoke ability can often be the difference between life and death for a vehicle . 
  a damaged tank is so much better than a blown up or captured tank . 
  * while the pak 43 does have some problems ( like being stationary ) it is very powerful and if you can keep it alive it can slaughter soviet armor from extreme range . 
  * while i havent found the comand tank that useful , an instant panzer 4 could be useful in a pinch . 
  * the railway artillery is very powerful for getting rid of entrenched russians .
