   both the voth and borg torpedoes in stfs are bugged currently and do a lot more damage than normal . 
  i 'm pretty sure this bug applies to most npcs ( except in missions ) . 
  the damn terran flagship could kill several players with one torpedo spread . 
  i 've been ohk by undine torps even though i had full shields and plenty of hull . 
  i 'm pretty sure cryptic gave all the npcs mk xxxii torps and lvl 10 torp abilities . 
  how fast would the leopard warp with a full set of implants after this ? 
  on the other hand , having some mining skills could be useful for some low-effort income . 
  i personally do n't really like mining that much but i can do it while doing other stuff , like browsing reddit , watching a movie etc etc. 
  the isk/time is kinda crappy but the isk/effort is fairly decent . 
  that 's because it 's not finished . 
  when the amarr made their first prototype carrier , they reached the maximum amount of `` power '' they were allowed to have ( some interstellar treaty or something ) after constructing just 60 % of the ship . 
  rather than starting over the whole research and design process , they decided to simply produce their `` non-finished '' design since it was apparently good enough . 
   the klingon faction is fully fleshed out . 
  they still need more ships though . 
  for example , there 's no c-store t5 raptor . 
  they could also use some more smallcrafts . 
  it 's not that important but they have several carrier pets that could work as playable ships . 
  well ( imo ) it 's a lot better than type 87 . 
  when something is named type xx it could be pretty much anything in the armed forces of basically any asian country . 
  i wish we had access to ground based anti-ship missiles in the naval category . 
  something like [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rbs-15 ), 
  that [ croatian mol ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/9e/mol_-_mobilni_obalni_lanser.jpg ) could be really really useful . 
  should also be possible to call them in from a ground spawn since it can be pretty easy to camp the naval spawn . 
  edit : maybe blufor could get [ this thing ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/seal_delivery_vehicle ) as a super sneaky `` landing craft '' . 
  well yeah , but when the naval spawn is captured or camped , your only real counter is using anti-ship planes and helos and since ships have a lot of aa stuff , those tend to die . 
  and compared to ships with equivalent anti-ship firepower , they should probably be more cost effecient and have higher avaliability . 
  resupplying them would also be easier since you could use normal logistic units . 
  they kinda work . 
  i did sink a ship with a rbs 56 once . 
  the problems are that ships outrange atgms and that once they 've been spotted , your atgm units cease to exists . 
  while the tanke shaoshou are pretty great , they do n't really make up for chinas lack of atgm infantry . 
  i also think they could use some more ammo for their recoilless gun . 
  one thing that has been annoying me when playing china is the spawn system . 
  this is n't really a problem with china as a faction , it 's just that i 've noticed it more when playing as them . 
  yes the unit is amphibious . 
  yes the naval spawn is closer to where i wanted it . 
  that does n't mean i want my fucking yw-something something mortar to spawn 5km from the shore . 
  yeah i 've had mortars , tanks and apcs spawn in the sea . 
  all of them were amphibious units so i assumed it was working as intended and simply my fault for not checking which spawn they would come from ( i 've lost too many units because of this ) . 
  the amphibious thing can be useful , especially for sneaking in recon or commando units . 
  bridges are easy to defend and helicopters are n't very sneaky . 
  but when the units i called in several minutes ago havent reached their destination yet because of this , i can get kinda annoyed . 
  i think it 's a good thing that we can spawn amphibious units like this , but the game should use the `` move fast logic '' when deciding where to spawn units and not just use the closest one . 
  usa : m270 atacms, 
  w.germany : mars, 
  soviet : bm-30 smerch, 
  they 're still called m270 in the armory for me . 
  i see ... 
  i guess this is what i get for playing redfor . 
   tactical 's big thing is all the damage and works with anything . 
  except carriers to some extent . 
  yeah , complaining about at ships is kinda pointless . 
  they could give the winners 50 titans that can dock and be used in highsec and have the old aoe dd and it still would n't have any significant impact on the game beacuse they would be bought by a bunch of collectors and be used only for ship spinning and mining veldspar . 
  yeah i guess i can do that . 
  it 's still a stupid way to determine who should get the troops though . 
  just because i do n't mind playing redfor does n't mean i want to play as the entire redfor . 
  i had the same problem though only for maybe 30 seconds to 1 minute . 
  unfortunately i do n't know what solved it because i did several thing at the same time . 
  * a : got a new harddrive . 
  the problem could have been related to my old cranky hdd . 
  * b : reformated the old hdd and installed windows on the new one . 
  could have been an os or driver problem that was fixed by this . 
  * c : got a new router . 
  i had been having some problems that i suspected had something to do with the free `` router '' i got from my isp . 
  this solved several internet related problems on my laptop as well so it must have been the cause of those . 
  so it could be hardware problem , software/driver/os problems or router problems ... 
  i guess you could narrow it down a bit if you have issues with other games/programs since it 's likely they could have the same cause . 
  that tray ... 
  probably because it would be too easy . 
  maybe it could work if there 's a decent delay before the automation kicks in . 
  instant automatic counter artillery would be op as fuck . 
  and when it comes to recce units , there 's already an accuracy bonus if you have a visual on the target area . 
  maybe some recce and command units could provide a better bonus than normal units ? 
  some sort of special `` spotter '' trait . 
  one automated function i want is a togglable `` return to fob '' command for logistic units so once they 're out of supplies they 'll return to my fob . 
   the only real downsides are ground based aa, 
  rbs 90 and veak !, 
   and the lack of a superheavy mbt . 
  hopefully sweden will either get the strv 121/122 ( leopard 2 ) or the [ strv 2000 ] ( http://www.ointres.se/strv2000_attrapp-web.jpg ) ( 1980s prototype tank with 140mm gun and 40mm coaxial ) in the free dlc . 
   and you 'd need to be resupplying a fairly static front but it 'd be a nice option . 
  well i 'm not sure if they should also return to the front by themselves . 
  i just want them to return to the fob and await new orders instead of staying around doing nothing at all . 
  though a supply line command would also be nice . 
  especially for ammo hungry units like radar-sams and short range artillery . 
  redfor might have less variety than blufor but the nswp have twice as many units as scandinavia . 
  [ pic from the 200 page guide ] ( http://cloud-3.steampowered.com/ugc/598158853757999966/c8a1d6a5642cbe0ed2246645d423d7309937ed2f/ ), 
  indeed , especially with disruptors . 
  i think they could have some jem ` hadar rebels or something . 
  ( ds9 spoilers ), 
  not alpha jhs but proper gamma jhs that to some extent share the cardassians feelings towards the dominion . 
  there were some in ds9 after all . 
  i would imagine there being a lot more scattered around the gamma quadrant that we never got to see and maybe they 've increased in numbers during the years . 
  and lets say bashir developed a cure for their ketracel-white addiction but had it locked away by section 31 ( no more helping the enemy mkay ) but that garak `` somehow '' got his hand on it . 
  combine it with a new dominion invasion , a dominion reputation grind and we 're all set to go . 
  one problem that some people have pointed out to me before is that the strv 2000 project was dropped in favor of simply buying some tanks . 
  the reason we got the leo 2 is that germany had been reunited and did n't need that many tanks anymore so we got a pretty good deal . 
  since the latter did n't happen in the wg universe the leo 2 would n't really make sense unless it 's some sort of lend-lease program and if we get the leo 2 or something similar then the strv 2000 does n't really make any sense . 
  unless we first develop and produce the strv 2000 and then for some reason decide to also buy something slightly less insane . 
  i would like some sort of naval invasion gamemode/maps where one team starts out in the sea and has to use its naval units to capture a land spawn . 
  another thing i want in the future is to have the naval category split into naval and `` boats '' .
