  another thing that also bothers me ( and a lot of other people here ) is how effective transport ships are in naval combat . 
  imo , the ships themselves need a mobility and hp nerf ( they were built for free in 3 months , they should be pretty crappy ) . 
  the soldiers onboard should suffer heavy penalties in attack , defense , accuracy , range and morale since they should pretty much be sea-sick landcrabs fighting on wet rocking shipdecks while the soldiers on real ships are used to it . 
  then there should be traditions that reduce these penalties if you really want to use a army as a navy but then you would lose out on other bonuses . 
  also , i think it should be possible for people close to the edges to fall overboard if the ship is rammed hard enhough . 
  the fish symbol means that the settlement `` produces '' fish . 
  afaik fish is n't something you trade but a settlement with fish ( or wheat or olives etc ) will produce food instead of consume it . 
  imo , this makes them great for upgrading to higher tiers ( or well , at least tier 3 ) since then you 'll only have to worry about public order . 
  that 's not even necessary . 
  the jj-verse is a paralell universe/timeline/technobabble and the prime-universe where tos , tng etc took place most of the time is still there ( minus romulus and spock ) . 
  one memorable battle was when i was playing the americas campaign in m2 : kingoms . 
  my army was led by cortez and had some decent spanish units but was still mostly made up by crappy mercenaries , mostly due to attrition from previous battles . 
  i had just been east and captured a few cities but was now moving back to my more important and upgraded cities since the aztecs and/or incas just declared war on me and had some decent stacks coming towards me . 
  then i was attacked by a force that was superior both in quantity and quality ( mercenaries fucking suck and spanish units have like 60 guys ) and was unable to retreat . 
  i made a nuice little defensive lines with my melee and archer mercs with my spanish infantry in the rear and cavalry on the flank . 
  just by looking at the the enemy army i could tell i was fucked ( it was like 75 % elite-pyjamas-men with a couple of archers ) and i had no terrain advantage at all . 
  in the end i decided to go all in . 
  when the enemy got within range of my archers i just charged all my mercs straight into the enemy forces . 
  my hope was that by focusing my attention on a few units i would be able to win those individual fights , make the target rout and lower the enemies morale . 
  as the native moshpit went on i moved my general and 2 cav units around to use as a hammer ( a very small hammer vs a big lump of steel on a crappy anvil ) and my two musket groups to the other flank to get a clear line of fire . 
  my spanish swordsmen were sent into the moshpit withe the goal to kill the enemy general . 
  the fight went on , the moshpit kept on moshing my archers kept on spamming fire-arrows and my cav kept on charging . 
  then my units started to rout and i could n't do much but watch as my forces ran away . 
  the the enemies started to rout . 
  all of the sudden it was just cortez , a few loyal bodyguards and some native archers ( that somehow found a pair while they ran through the jungle ) vs the enemy general and a few exhausted survivors . 
  i used the archers as bait for the enemy melee units , allowing me to take out their archers . 
  when it was just the enemies melee units left , i threw my archers at them to keep them busy just long enough for a cav charge in the rear . 
  then my archers fled and it was just my general left . 
  the rest of the battle was just me repeatedly charging into the enemy units over and over again , taking out a few men each time until eventually , somehow , the enemy general died and the remainign enemies ( like 100 ) fled . 
  all that was left of my full stack was cortez and 10 bodyguards , standing in a field of corpses . 
  well the best one i can remember was a periokli ( spelling ? ), 
  pikemen that got 1184 kills in a battle about 30 minutes ago . 
  i had gone into fortification stance and that unit was the front row in the opening the enemies decided to attack through . 
  edit : another one would be a battle where two groups of sherwood archers fought against a full stack of frenchmen . 
  since one of the archers came as reinforcements ( and ended up killed by cav in the end ) it did n't do much but the one i started with killed about 1100-1200 french crossbowmen before dying . 
   crap for romulans since it 's not a warbird . 
  could you exlain why ? 
   urnished with expert cavalry , including cataphracts , horse skirmishers and war elephants , seleucid armies also sport a solid core of excellent spear and pike infantry provided by a growing number of greek-speaking colonists . 
  i need this , i need it now . 
  each province is made up of 2-4 settlements but the culture ( hellenic , latin etc ) is the same for the entire province so if 2 + factions with different cultures share a province one culture will eventually become dominant ( through temples , technologies and stuff ) and the other factions will get some huuuuge public order penalties . 
  i 've currenty playing a pontus campaign and one thing i find interesting is that they do n't really have any super-units like other factions ( like berzerkers and roman late-game infantry ) but rather a huge variety of low/mid-tier units . 
  your basic hoplites you get early on is pretty much gon na be your standard unit forver but you get access to sword , axe , pike , bow , javelin and slinger infantry + some pretty decent cavalry . 
  also , the diplo bonus to hellenic factions makes the seleucids much less threatening since they will pretty much always like you unless you do something stupid . 
  strange , i 've been able to hold back thousands of enemies while in fortification mode with just some hoplites and pikemen in each gap ( only 2 hoplites and 1 pikemen in each hole once , the pikes in the hole they came through got 1184 kills ) . 
  just make sure they 're in group formation ( ctrl + g ) so they 'll try to stay in formation and keep some units begind them to deal with any leaks . 
  the ai absolutely loves using agents all the time . 
  when i was conqering france as rome i ended up being at war with 5-6 barbarian factions at the same time . 
  their armies were n't a problem ( praetorians + dogs = < 3 ) but for about 50 turns the average life expectancy of my generals dropped to about 2 turns . 
  i think i 'm gon na use this when i play a vs campaign with my friend . 
  confederacy is a diplomatic option towards any faction with `` the same blood '' which is represented by some symbol in the diplomatic ui . 
  other factions are usually willing to join if you 're powerful and friendly towards them or if it 's their last hope ( last city besieged and blockaded ? 
  let 's join the suebi ! ) . 
  when a faction joins with you , you get their cities and if you have enough free slots , their armies , fleets and ( probably ) agents . 
   do we have to opt out of the beta ? 
  i do n't think we had to opt out of the previous beta patches so i would say no . 
   if we installed the beta , do we need to dl the patch too , or is it already in ? 
  well if there are any additional changed we 'd at least have to download those . 
  maybe they should change the cai so that if you decline an offer that faction wo n't make it again for at least 10 turns . 
  at one point during my pontus campaign i had saved up about 50k and every turn 5-10 factions would offer trade agreements in exchange for +5 -10 k. 
  every turn was just a long series of no , no !, 
  hell no !, 
  go away !, 
  let 's say you have 8 praetorians that are both at less than 50 % strength . 
  instead of waiting for them to replendish , you merge them into 4 almost full groups and then recruit 3-4 new ones . 
  in just one turn you 'll have 7-8 praetorians at full strength and ready for battle . 
  even if you lose some experienced units , upgrades etc it could still be worth it , especially if you 're in a hurry . 
  yeah but it looked like they had removed this feature from rome 2 . 
  no they do n't . 
  most factions have a melee and a range barrack , the melee one giving you legionaires , hoplites , pikemen etc while he range one gives you archers , slingers , peltasts etc. 
  the roman range barrack ( the aux one ) is a bit special and will not only give you your javelin guys ( and dogs ) but also special aux units that depend on the region . 
  if you build your range barrack as let 's say egypt in africa , britain or germany you 'll always get the same units but if you do it as rome you can get african elephants , briton slingers or spear brothers as auxiliary units . 
  i tend to rush the tier 3 melee barrack with a possible detour to unlock the dignitaries . 
  after that i tend to mostly go for civilian tech until i need/want something military ( ships , siege weapons , equipment upgrades etc ) . 
  i wish other factions had some limited access to auxiliaries . 
  like maybe limited to only some of the regions around their `` native area '' ( like africa , the middle east and turkey for egypt . 
  britan , france , spain and russia for the suebi . 
  ) , only access to the crappier units or something like that . 
  extremely unimportant but i 'd like some more variety when it comes to siege weapons , both statwise and visually . 
   paying for a bigger garrison , you should be able to designate a garrison commander who does n't count towards army cap but ca n't leave the settlement or have bonuses . 
  i think we should be able to assign statesmen to settlements where they would do ... stuff ... and if the city is attacked they 'll join the fight as the garrisons general . 
  tech for eastern cataphracts , get building for eastern cataphracts , train eastern cataphracts , use eastern cataphracts . 
  also , auto-cast + trample is awesome since they 'll use it just before charging . 
  i walk up to them , go into fortification stance and then declare war . 
  the ai will then think it has the advantage ( and auto-resolve will agree ) but during the battle the ai will most likely get absolutely massacred . 
  after i 've killed off most of their forces in my fort battle i will either go straight for the settlement or take out the remaining soldiers depending on how many they are and which direction they fled . 
  the only interesting naval battles i 've had so far was, 
  1 ) me attacking a coastal settlement with an enemy fleet reinforcing the defenders and a friendly/neutral transport fleet reinforcing me . 
  it was pretty fun watching two ai fleets fight each other while trying to land troops at the same time . 
  2 ) had a civil war as egypt and since my only fleet was something like 1x admiral , 3x ballista ships 1x javelin ships the rebel fleets got about 14 ballista ships each . 
  then i got into a fight with one of those fleets with a cyprus transport fleet as reinforcements . 
  it did n't go well but it was fun to watch the obscene firepower those ships could put out . 
  of my 6 ( newly built ) fire-pot boats only one reached the enemy . 
  my ally got stuck in a ramming/boarding clusterfuck and was bombarded to death . 
  yeah , but two of those fighting each other while being bombarded by rocks . 
  wooden fort and 10 % extra melee defense skill                  raiding stance . 
  the whole point of fortification stance is that you get a wooden fort with 3 entrances that you can turn into 3 killzones . 
  one time as carthage i was defending a fort against some african desert kingdom . 
  i put two hoplites and one pikemen in each opening with some reserve troops in the middle . 
  the pikemen in the opening the enemy came through got 1184 kills . 
  first of all , if ca fixed the ais poor management of public order and food ( just destroy the buildings ffs ) the game would probably be a lot harder .
