  garak : it 's vile !, 
  quark : i know . 
  it 's so bubbly and cloying and happy . 
  garak : just like the federation . 
  quark : and you know what 's really frightening ? 
  if you listen to enough of it , you begin to like it . 
  garak : [ it 's insidious . 
  ] ( http://31.media.tumblr.com/a2f3b2122488833281cca96aff3a6165/tumblr_mmeyha3o9w1s123tlo2_1280.png ), 
  quark : just like the federation . 
  i actually started to like it after a season or so ( and so did others at r/startrek which is why i wrote that quark/garak thing ) . 
  there 's no incest though . 
  his netflix is in swedish so i 'm gon na guess sweden . 
   more likely to have 2 sinks , one for washing and one for rinsing . 
  you do n't have 2 sinks ? 
  imo if you lose or disband a ror it should take much longer before you can recruit them again and they should also take one turn to recruit ( too easy to pull an army out of your ass otherwise ) . 
  the community seems to be expecting some form of necromancer/aether damage type mastery as the 8th mastery which i would be pretty happy about . 
  apparently the 8th mastery will be something already in the game and the order of deaths vigil are a bunch of necromancers so it would fit . 
  i really hope it will be able to have large groups of weaker summons like the necromancer in d2 that does n't disappear after a few seconds . 
  and in the future ( but maybe not this expansion ) i wish we could hire some form of companions/mercenaries from friendly factions . 
  alien vs predator, 
  an illegal immigrant has to stop a sexual predator but if he goes to the police he 'll get deported . 
  when autoresolving the game should treat mages ( and other support heroes ) more like some form of range unit and not a super squishy melee unit . 
  it 's pretty frustrating to autoresolve a fairly easy battle and have your bright wizard lose 80 % of his health because the game thinks he would rush into melee like he 's fucking sienna feugonasus or something . 
  but it was such a great way to get experience for lords . 
  he actually want to compete against other men but was n't allowed to because they still considered him to be a girl . 
  afaik it should be even better for greatswords because of the way armor works in tw : w. 
   i 'm really interested in seeing how chameleon skinks are implemented , if they are put in the game at all . 
  i guess they could just take flat decreased missile damage or something and vanguard deployment . 
  if i understand the tt rules correctly ( have n't played tt ) they 'll get vanguard deployment , ranged damage resist and mmmmmaybe the ability to fire on the move ( not sure about this one ) . 
  imo stalk would also fit them but i 'm not sure if it would be lore-friendly . 
  [ the boogermancer ] ( http://grimdawn.com/forums/showthread.php?t=36223 ), 
  tl ; dr : green items with the `` blight '' affix gives you a 5 % chance on attack to launch an acid/poison `` booger '' . 
  each item has its own proc chance and cd so you can end up launching like 10 boogers per second if you have enough blighted gear . 
  no isabella was the new lord just before the old friend . 
  the empire is still missing some units and characters so i 'm pretty sure we 'll get a dlc for them . 
  my guess would be kurt helborg the reiksmarshal , grand masters ( knight lords ) , battle wizard lords , master engineers , huntsmen ( sneaky archers ) and the celestial hurricanum ( magic aoe artillery ) . 
  i also hope we 'll get some unit with the hochland long rifle . 
  in tt you could upgrade one guy in your handgunner unit to a marksman and he could be equipped with some other weapons , including the long rifle which had 50 % longer range than the normal handgun , so about 210 range in tw : w. 
  i kinda wish ca could add some non-combat heroes ( like agents in the older tw games ) for stuff like this , like a filthy unchivalrous assassin `` peasant '' for the brets . 
  as long as we ca n't use them in battle it should n't matter if they were n't in the tt right ? 
  same thing for chaos , give me some chaos cultist agents that can run around and assassinate people and spread chaos corruption . 
  would also make more sense than the army of exalted heroes and sorcerers that spawn everywhere when chaos invades . 
  it would be kinda annoying though to have orion die every damn winter . 
  i was kinda aware that the press generally wo n't touch the presidents kids . 
  it 's just that when i think back to my teenage years , even a single person knowing about my browsing history or the other stuff i did in private would have made me die from embarrassment . 
  how exactly do you get that traits ( and its lesser variants ) ? 
  giant slayers , dragon slayers and daemon slayers . 
  also great weapon variants for the normal slayers and the giant slayers since in the tt they had a special rule that allowed them to pick between 2 axes or a great axe at the start of combat . 
   giant and troll slayers are just declared variants of the normal slayers units . 
  so you declare that they are that type of slayer to get the bonus vs that type of enemy unit . 
  nope , giant slayers are an upgrade of normal slayers ( aka troll slayers ) that cost twice as much and have higher weapon skill , strength , initiative and attack . 
  so basically they should have higher melee attack and weapon strength and if i understand the attack stat correctly they should attack twice as often . 
   great weapon variants declared in combat would need to be some toggleable effect not a whole new unit . 
  maybe , but imo it would probably be easier to simply make a gw slayer variant \u00b4 . 
   i guess the ror slayer unit would be the giant slayers variant . 
  maybe , but i 'm still gon na hope they add giant slayers together with the rest of the slayers in some form of free slayer dlc ( giving ungrim his own faction karak kadrin and early access to slayer units ) in the future . 
   doom seekers, 
  i had to look these guys up but if ca make a slayer dlc i really hope these guys get added somehow . 
  insane ( er ) dwarf slayers with axes on chains that does aoe damage ( if i understood the forum posts correctly ) could be pretty fun to have . 
  yeah i read that as well but i did n't find their rules or anything , just some forum discussions about them . 
  edit : nvm , found the pdf . 
  there are plenty of unit mods on the workshop so it should be possible ( and probably relatively easy ) to do . 
  i looked up alchemists and they appear to only be available in the rpg while the master engineer is in the empires 8th edition army book . 
  regarding gelt , one thing they could do is give him `` enchanted blades of aiban '' as his own unique spell . 
  it 's the only lore of metal spell missing and it gives the target a bonus to melee attack/accuracy , armor piercing and gives them magical attacks . 
  unfortunately he appears to only have his horse krieglust available as a mount . 
  if gelt ca n't even get a normal horse i doubt kurt can get something as fancy as a demigryph . 
   but gelt gets a pegasus ... 
  yeah but until he unlocks it i kinda wish he had access to a normal horse like a normal person . 
  but, 
   where the hell is kurt ?!?!?!?!, 
  chilling with krell . 
  i never said that , / u/alliancedeath did . 
   grand masters would be somewhat redundant , though . 
  maybe , but i was thinking that they and kurt could get a far more cavalry focused skill tree . 
  speed of horse and the emperors finest are ( imo ) kinda meh . 
  for example instead of pistolkorps they could get a cavalry equivalent and maybe something like the [ riderz ] ( http://whenc.totalwar.com/#/skill/wh_main_skill_node_grn_grimgor_battle_10 ) skill the greenskins have . 
  mmmmmaybe , but i still think that bretonnia should use something a bit better than bottom-tier infantry for defending their big fancy cities . 
  alternatively , add garrison units to most of their buildings . 
  like some battle pilgrims from the shrine , some peasant mobs from the farm etc etc. 
  one thing i wish they could add from the warhammer siege book are picks/drills and mining . 
  picks/drills were siege engines that could break down walls and mining is when you destroy the walls by mining beneath them . 
  the first would be pretty nice for factions like the vc who do n't have artillery and the latter could be an option for some factions ( like dwafs and skaven ) when besieging a settlement , together with constructing siege towers and battering rams . 
  also , maybe each faction could have some slightly more unique defense towers , with varying rof , accuracy , aoe , damage etc etc. 
   ungrim with a karak kadrin start, 
   slayers with great weapons, 
  i 'm kinda hoping for a dedicated slayer-flc that also come with giant slayers , dragon slayers and maybe daemon slayers ( i have been told they could n't lead armies in tt but i think ca could bend the rules a bit ) . 
  ungrim should also get a unique building that give him earlier access to slayers , like belegar and the rangers . 
  that could be an interesting solution . 
  some way of temporarily summoning a daemon slayer when you really need one . 
  ( the greenskins would hear `` oblivion has come , my lord !, 
  gotrek gurnisson , lord of the end times , has re-entered the world . '' ), 
  though i would n't mind if they simply became a lord option with a slightly more slayer focused skill tree ( like arch lectors with flagellants ) . 
  yeah it 's a bit odd they have n't added any of the three orc big boss heroes . 
  i also hope they 'll add the savage orc warboss with the same red skills as wurrzag so you can have more proper savage orc armies . 
   dragon slayers are the hero equivalent . 
  use those . 
  i think / u/misterduch 's suggestion was that both dragon and daemon slayers should be heroes , the former being recruited like a normal hero and the latter available through some quest/event/etc . 
  all slayer characters except ungrim have the slayer cult rule which says that they ca n't be the army general . 
  though personally i think ca should be allowed to ignore this .
