it 's been said that that 's exactly what is happening . 
  ww3 is here , we just ca n't recognize it because it 's very different . 
  if we have another world war can we * please * have it somewhere else instead of europe ? 
  we in romania like being good hosts but i do n't think it 's fair . 
  he probably has ac in trump tower . 
  he wo n't care . 
  implying you ca n't . 
  can confirm , am romanian and i got my wings at 18 like everybody else . 
  flying is awesome , everyone else should try it too . 
  there 's plenty of them in sweden to make them wonder wtf is going on . 
  well the speed in romania is 20 times higher edit : 50mbs is decent though , you can live with that, 
  when i installed wow ( 20gb ) it downloaded with 100mbs . 
  took a few minutes . 
  sure , it would have taken half an hour on 100mbs but why not have it in a few minutes if i can . 
  are average people pissed off about the blocks ? 
  obviously not github but i would imagine not being able to use dropbox and other cloud services would irk even the least technologically minded person . 
  i think it 's part of the romanian way of life . 
  tell a romanian they ca n't do x and they 'll make sure to do x as hard as they can ( in this case x = religion ) . 
  the best part is that it has two churches below it that will function alongside the main one . 
  it 's churches all the way down . 
  it fell to 10 % at some point but recovered to 6 % . 
  mm , yes , i a word there . 
  you do n't have to compare it to hitler . 
  compare it with romania which had a `` revolution '' only to elect the same people that ruled us before the revolution for another 25 years . 
  and now that we finally have a government that actually works for the people , there 's so much propaganda and so many idiots spewing bullshit that i fear we 'll go back to the same assholes again . 
  edit : not to mention that part of that propaganda is antigay , antiabortion , christian fud meant to fuel the rage of the masses and pit them against the very people that are working for their ( the masses ' ) better future . 
  sometimes i feel like there 's no chance for the world to ever get better . 
  we keep talking about getting a critical mass of educated tolerant responsible people but i 'm afraid that the already existing critical mass of uneducated , intolerant ignorants ca n't be budged in the first place . 
  all i can is awesome !, 
  and that i hope that we do it right . 
  instructions unclear , reported the post as spam . 
  apparently you just wait . 
  or get a cat and tell people not to sign you up . 
  if you have a tank , you can have a lot of things . 
  man , i do n't think i remember seeing any talks about ttip in here . 
  our government 's head is so far up its ass that it 's not even funny . 
  do you have a source for that ? 
  not that i do n't believe but it seems counter intuitive that the waiting lists would be * that * long . 
  well ok , i guess that could send mixed messages . 
  i still think booing a singer is not ok though . 
   having a song about world peace while fighting a war against ukraine seemed tacky to me it might be exactly the best way to send a message that maybe not everyone in russia wants war . 
  well back then you 'd get assigned a husband by the communist party , you would n't have to do anything to find one . 
  well to be honest , i trust france and germany to be the most sane in the current times , especially with the brexit looming . 
  i 'm not talking just about what the officials are saying , i 'm more referring to the vibe in the population . 
  sweden for instance was always a good example on how to deal with controversial stuff but now they 're kinda divided ( both in government and population ) . 
  so if germany and france fuck it up somehow we really are doomed but it does n't seem likely . 
  ( speaking as kind of an outsider from here in romania ) . 
   he cycled through a huge chunk of germany  he still lives in copenhagen today he was looking for his people and he found them, 
  because i wanted cola ? 
  i do n't remember the price but i doubt the water was not overly priced as well . 
  dude , i paid 11 euros for a 0.5 l bottle of coke in dubrovnik . 
  and it was n't even from a restaurant or fast food place , it was from a shop . 
  it was warm too , they were too cheap to keep the fridge on ... 
  do n't be rude , maybe they 're a bit old . 
  that 's why i go prepay . 
  they ca n't bill me on money i did n't spend beforehand . 
  while that is certainly an issue i do n't see the relevance to the story in the op 's paper . 
  i mean , just because something made sense and was considered a good thing back in '73 it does n't mean that it has to be like that now . 
  by all means , if the eu is strangling the uk , they are within their rights to choose what 's best for them . 
  having said that , it 's sad to see such blatant disregard for neutrality and journalistic integrity from a newspaper in the uk . 
  even if brexit would be the second coming of jesus that they 're making it up to be , the paper should at least try to be neutral . 
   the huge masses of unemployed youth in southern europe are you saying that that is the eu 's fault ? 
  if so , why ? 
  just 2 examples :  and the eu is the greatest beneficiary of polish membership !, 
  we are a market of almost 40 million people . 
  you 've earned an enormous amount of money from us ; the germans alone have sold 55 billion euros worth of goods in poland . 
  we see the money from the structural funds as compensation for opening our market . 
  that is a very dishonest argument . 
  just because polish people buy foreign ( german ) products does n't mean they 're exploiting the polish . 
  without the eu , they would probably have bought those products anyway but fewer of them , since being a member of the eu is probably increasing purchasing power . 
   of course the money is beneficial to us . 
  but who is building those roads ? 
  western european companies . 
  eighty cents of each euro that comes from brussels flows back to the west . 
  like the previous reply , this is creating an issue out of a good thing . 
  even if ** all ** the money went back to western companies , it still means you get free infrastructure . 
  and infrastructure is the number 1 thing you want to improve on if you want to grow your economy . 
  believe me , as a romanian i know how much that is required . 
  even though during most of the interview he 's idiotic and basically against germany because `` nyeeeeh '' , the last two replies seem to show some sanity . 
  at least he 's not with putin and not part of the current fascist trend . 
  ( or so he says ), 
  just because he 's a dick , the message does n't have to be a bad message . 
  i agree with what he said but from what i 've seen from this thread , i ca n't say i like him that much . 
  and he 's touching on a very important subject . 
  how do you explain that to each country 's citizens ? 
  the ones blinded by their local problems and maybe russian backed propaganda . 
  the people buying at systembolaget pay for their booze you know . 
  from my experience , most scandivanians hoard booze for this exact reason - they have to be ready for any drinking opportunity . 
  when the weekend comes everybody gets batshit drunk even though the booze stores are closed . 
  the united kingdom of ireland and northern ireland . 
  i saw that as a `` warning '' that europe is too welcoming to immigrants and/or refugees which will make it unsafe because of terrorism , not that turkey will attack europe in any way . 
  dunno if it 's that easy . 
  if you 're in nato you abide by the rules . 
  and honestly , with the looming threat of russia coming from ukraine and moldova , i kinda like having nato bases here in romania . 
  especially since our current government is insane - they crippled the defense budget and most of our defense improvements . 
  i do n't see how that shows double standards in any way . 
  i think it 's the same issue basically . 
  i do n't like that romanians are stereotyped as thieves and beggars in the west and i 'm sure many ( most ? ), 
  brittish people ( or westerners in general ) do n't like that they 're viewed as xenophobic against romanians and other common immigrants . 
  but it 's not idiocy .
