  if anything , erdogan wants exactly that . 
  stopping foreign investments that raise the standard of living and create networks between turkey and western countries is indirectly useful to him . 
  poor , uneducated and isolated people are so much easier and cheaper to control . 
  do n't be so rush to dismiss the people of turkey because of an idiot , even if that idiot is ( for now ) the leader of turkey . 
  i know full well how different the people of a country can be from how that country looks like to outsiders `` thanks '' to its leaders . 
  that is not to say that such a country does n't have idiots among its population . 
  i can see that in my country - there 's many islamophobes , homophobes , and otherwise shitty , corrupt everyday people . 
  still , i like to think that overall the population does n't want corruption and wants a productive and progressive government . 
   100/9 = 11 %  9 = 11  9 11 illuminati confirmed, 
  but to me that makes sense . 
  cost of living in general is very high in the uk and the us . 
  a person making $ 1mil / year in the us lives about as well as a person making $ 100k or less in romania . 
  that 's because most men spend their retirement drinking 24/7 basically . 
  ( among other reasons ), 
  yeah but too bad there 's so few of them . 
  maybe it was a mistake ? 
  they thought it was number 8 and only later realised it 's 9 or they rushed and by the time they made the `` v '' it was too late . 
  edit : telling that the romanian is instantly thinking of incompetence , no ? 
  i feel like getting on the conspiracy theory train honestly . 
   no one wants russia on the american continent * cough * trump * cough *, 
  that 's true . 
  we should protest for them being treated better . 
  for example , i saw an article that bor is organising a march for the `` traditional family '' on the 25th of march . 
  that might be a perfect time to go out and show our support , show lgbt people that not everyone is against them . 
  let 's organise some protests and see what comes out of it . 
  going back to usr , i do not like that certain members are obviously pro-church and everything the church stands for . 
  i 'm kind of ok with it because i see it as allying yourself with a lesser enemy to defeat a stronger common enemy . 
  and at least it feels like usr members might be more open to discussion regarding something they do n't agree with than the current politicians . 
  especially since the current politicians probably do n't even care that much about lgbt or the church , they just use them as tools to get votes or divide the population and make them fight against themselves . 
  i 'm sure that dragnea , tariceanu and probably even bor would fight ** for ** lgbt rights if that were the current populist trend that will yield them power . 
  i agree completely . 
  i ca n't imagine how shitty it must be for them here . 
  maybe bucharest is okish for them but probably mostly because the large amount of people lets them be more anonymous . 
  still , my point was that trying to find a stand for the party regarding issues such as these might divide them and i think that being united against a clear common enemy ( corruption ) is more important now . 
  now , i 'm not saying we should n't fight for lgbt rights . 
  certainly we should . 
  i just think that it 's ok for usr 's main purpose to be fighting corruption , working for more responsibility in politics , and more transparency and i think that it 's ok for them not to have a stance on possibly dividing issues . 
  i would say the best thing would be not to involve usr in anything controversial like gay rights , church separation , etc. 
  i would personally like to see romania being a modern and progressive country that 's accepting of everyone but i think we first need to fight off corruption which threatens to destroy us all . 
  once corruption is held at bay we can have proper discussions on other topics . 
  a change of scenery once in a while is nice . 
  i just hope that they 're that stupid . 
   anti-putin protests you guys need those . 
  keep at it , do n't let them sell your country to the russians . 
  the best case scenario would be the police and gendarms disobeying that order but that might be too utopic . 
  it 's possible . 
  if that 's the case , there 's not much you can do about it , that 's true . 
  but i 'm wondering , if the sri did have information about the attacks , it could n't have been just an impulsive move . 
  there are rumors that the football hooligans were paid to break up the protest or instigate people to violence . 
  the romanian information services ( sri ) said they told the ministry of internal affairs ( i.e. 
  the police ) what the hooligans are planning . 
  the minister denies everything and she said had not enough information and that it was n't in time . 
  as you can see the corruption in the government is rampant and we really ca n't know for sure what 's going on in these matters . 
  you laugh but it 's always a good idea to be mindful of your valuables in big crowds , whatever the reason for the crowd . 
  even if it 's just an accident , like dropping your phone , it might be difficult to get it back if the crowd moves fast . 
  yep . 
  they passed a law that breaches the separation of powers in the state on a tuesday at 10pm . 
  if that does n't prove how rotten these people are i do n't know what will . 
  look , i am still going to defend muslims and will always say that we should n't consider them all bad because of the current events . 
  however if somebody harrasses or even attacks a regular person for wearing `` revealing '' clothing or anything of the sort i think we need to punish them and try to make them accept that the country they live in has views they might not agree with . 
  if they ca n't do that , i honestly think they need to be gently told to go somewhere else . 
  still , i do n't think we should hate muslims or islam because they have those idiots and closed minded people among them . 
  i just ca n't see how hating them is different in any way from any other hate people had against different cultures over history . 
  hate which we finally got over ( supposedly ) and admitted to being wrong . 
  edit : and i 'm not sure that banning the full-face veil is going to help that much . 
  instead we need to work on educating people , especially muslim women ( from as young as possible ) that eu citizens have the right to be self sufficient people . 
  they need to know that their parents and their family can not force them to wear something they do n't want to wear and also that they can renounce their faith if it does n't resonate with them . 
  this . 
  i wish we 'd be more open and free to wear whatever we choose/like . 
  as a man , if you wear a dress or skirt you 're at least gon na attract funny looks . 
  as a woman , you can get harrassed just for having big boobs or looking too good in a skirt . 
  what if i want to wear a turban as a white male ? 
  or a cape ? 
  or a toga ? 
  all those things would make people look at me funny or even attack me verbally or physically . 
  i 'd like to live in a world where everyone can do whatever the hell they want as long they do n't interact negatively with somebody else . 
  yeah , rtv and a3 are an insult to journalism and the press . 
  i would say 3000-5000 in cluj . 
  and annexes moldova because they 're all russian in there anyway . 
  you could argue though that maybe people do n't know the full extent of the damage smoking can do but i guess people * are * more aware of the danger of smoking than of advertising and tracking on the internet . 
  women were literally second class citizens . 
  they were not allowed proper education ( unless they were wealthy and , even then , it was limited ) which limited them in many other aspects . 
  one of these is being allowed to vote . 
   then why is having only men do military service not discriminatory and `` the right thing to do ? '', 
  it 's not . 
  just because something sucks for men , does n't make it ok for something else to suck for women . 
  being conservative should n't be an excuse for discrimination . 
  also , the fact that women are also conservative , even if they are `` ok '' with it , it 's still not the right thing to do . 
  i 'm sure many slaves throughout history were ok with their lives , that does n't make it cool . 
  now , i 'm not attacking switzerland , my country is still behind on many things that other european countries do ok . 
  i 'm just saying you should n't defend the shitty things a society does just because that 's how it 's always been or because there 's a ` reason ' for it . 
  i know how much that way of thinking will hold everyone back . 
  that 's how it is here , `` shit sucks but so what , it 's always been like that , it 's not like you lost something '' . 
  thank you for saying what i was thinking in a much more eloquent way than i could have done . 
  which provider has unlimited data ? 
  if you 're talking about rds , they throttle you after 10gb . 
  the unlimited ones in the chart are truly unlimited because they have no throttling . 
  greece looks like an uninhabitable rocky wasteland . 
  see , this is the kind of work that makes me feel hopeful about the future and the direction in which technology is going . 
  we need more investments like these .
