  bernie sanders only really talks about a few things - that 's one reason people love him is because he 's so consistent . 
  he talks about instituting public healthcare , lowering our military involvement , tuition paid with taxes , taxing wall street ... his big focus is helping poor people , not proselytizing . 
  he 's awesome . 
  excuse me if i do n't feel pity for people who served a monstrous regime that slaughtered gypsies , homosexuals , and jews en masse and invaded much of europe . 
  you have free well and a pair of balls , you can desert , or you can keep slaughtering . 
  either way you 're responsible for what you do . 
  sure , pogroms . 
  they kicked half my family out of russia , the other was killed by germans . 
  i feel to see how invading other countries , murdering whole swaths of soldiers defending their land , and raping one 's way across europe does n't fall under ` heinous crimes ' and ` unable to be done with just einzatsgruppen ' . 
  they were cogs in a genocidal state , they let themselves be cogs by following heinous orders from heinous people . 
  as has been established , saying ' i was just following orders ' does n't excuse you . 
  did n't work then , does n't work now . 
  they were invaders who died for invading . 
  i repeat - they deserve no rest and their bodies should be eaten by dogs . 
  typical reddit , thinks it 's edgy to defend the nazis , spit on the holocaust . 
  seems to have a lot to do with ` kill all of skullblasta 's family members in europe ' . 
  lol fuckin reddit - cries over dead nazi soldiers and defends them like they were just noble innocents off fighting a war they had no choice in . 
  is the us government wholeheartedly dedicated to torturing and slaughtering a specific group ? 
  they killed my russian ancestors . 
  they gassed and burn the jewish ones . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/desertion also `` following orders '' was n't a valid defense for the nazis then , it 's not now . 
  were they part of the holocaust ? 
  yeah seriously , ` oh those poor nazi soldiers having their graves desecrated ' . 
  edit : for folks downvoting me , let me just say this : my family members were never recovered . 
  they were probably gassed , shot , and their corpses burned . 
  if they wee russian they either starved to death or were slain . 
  these dead bastards are right where they belong , with their souls burning in hell and their bodies rotten , gnawed on by animals , and unidentifiable . 
  better to just take a shit in those empty graves than poison the dirt with fucking nazi-corpse . 
  no problem yo . 
  he does n't really make a big deal about it , kinda keeps it on the downlow , which i really love about him . 
  not like hillary whose only solid campaign platform is ` i 'm a woman ! ', 
  not the ` soldiers of ukko ' ? 
  * someone * has played crusader kings 2  i think the finnish perkunas equivalent was ukko . 
  american here - when i think of austria i think of people speaking german very slowly . 
  i think of vienna , which leads me immediately to thinking about mozart , strauss , beethoven , basically classical music and classical culture . 
  probably much like the other folks . 
  and obviously i think of the governor of california , arnold schwarzzetoohardtospell . 
  that is true :(, 
  i mean that we 're better off than ever even if our numbers are lower . 
  we 've been through such shit man . 
  i have a list of crimes committed by governments against jews from like , 55 ad that takes up two reddit posts . 
  we 've ** never ** had it this good , especially considering 70 years ago our numbers were reduced by a third . 
  israel is under `` threat '' by stateless arabs with knives , since their rockets get shot down . 
  in the usa antisemitism is something that you ca n't express in public . 
  well , it 's sad that they died , but it 's awesome that we went to america and israel . 
  hell , we americans might get our first jewish president . 
  lol what about america he cried as predictably as the sun rises, 
  yeah but do n't you know that anytime there is a conversation about international anything that becomes critical one side just * has * to say `` what about america ?!???! '', 
  to us perhaps . 
  yeah , from what i 've heard , modern greek is hard . 
  soon master arab you shall enjoy the fabled hospitality of the greeks . 
  congratulations europe !, 
  hockey is actually a sport i care about and the europeans are always a pleasure to watch . 
  the eye patch the horse is wearing makes it look really sad . 
  we should have been more protectionist ourselves , maybe then we would n't have shipped our jobs off to countries where manufacturers can basically use slaves . 
  as is anti-semitism but that 's the joke that just seems to keep being told in europe . 
  polish death camps . 
  but why jews ? 
  we 've most left poland , hell my ancestors did , we get it you do n't like us , but why this time ?? 
  * sigh , grabs pitchfork *, 
  american here , just wanted to say `` go europe !, 
  make em pay ! '', 
  yes we are . 
  we definitely are . 
  and we should go . 
  damn , that 's a pretty honest introspection there . 
  i learned . 
  simplifying the issue so that americans look dumb is avoiding what i 'm saying , which is that no matter the reason europe is benefiting from our waste of tax dollars interfering with the world 's affairs . 
  it 's simply true , our military provides defense to europe , and no it 's not because we are your friends it 's power projection to benefit oligarchs in our countries and it 's a waste . 
  we should leave . 
  it 's a waste of our resources to be fucking around with the world like this . 
  since you 're one of the few here to actually engage me , let me ask : if all the american military apparatus left europe , would germany increase its military spending and size ? 
  or would it remain the same ? 
  it 's like you know how to read and speak english but somehow you have n't figured out what i 've been writing , which is direct opposition to our military industrial complex . 
  this is all stuff that i know , and you 're just being defensive and spitting the first things you can think of to be insulting while appearing informed . 
  again : i know this stuff . 
  i 'm opposed to our military being out there in the world messing with world affairs . 
  i 've reiterated myself a few times here - this is n't that hard to understand guys , that i 'd be opposed to wasting my money on the military industrial complex taking advantage of your `` open market '' for defenders . 
  the world can save itself and so can you . 
  discouraging russia from attacking . 
  that does n't mean that we should be there and that does n't mean that germany is n't taking advantage of the american security blanket . 
  your nation 's military is a mess despite historically being very powerful - i doubt it 's just a coincidence having to do with the most powerful military nation in the world wasting tax dollars having bases in your country to screw with the middle east . 
  something that people often plug their ears to . 
  it 's a waste of money . 
  i would too . 
  we do n't belong in europe and we should n't be fucking around in other countries . 
  it does n't benefit normal people except the host countries who , again , are basically defended by america . 
  look at [ this ] ( https://news.vice.com/article/german-official-sounds-alarm-over-the-dilapidated-state-of-the-countrys-military ) - the economic heart of europe , known before for having a terrifying military force , has a crap army . 
  definitely using the american security blanket . 
  nobody likes to hear america is defending them - the defense ` it 's not because they 're altrustic ! ', 
  does n't change the fact that they 're definitely benefiting . 
  i 'm all for america leaving . 
  it 's ridiculous for america to spend so much money protecting nations that are clearly rich enough to afford socialist policies and invite the world 's poorest war victims inside their house . 
  this waste of my tax money does n't benefit me at all , or any of my fellow working class americans . 
  germany and poland dont need american tanks and military bases , they very clearly know how to fight very , very well as we 've seen in the past few centuries . 
  no nato without single payer healthcare and state sponsored , fair college tuition . 
  edit : just because america uses your countries as airbases to invade the middle east and fuck around in ways that , again , do n't benefit me or other normal people , does n't change the fact that it 's incentive * not * to have an effective military , and does n't mean that european nations * are n't * taking advantage of the situation . 
  [ this guy ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.com/doug-bandow/us-to-spend-more-on-europ_b_9219754.html ) agrees with me that we 're wasting our nation 's productivity and money fucking around in the middle east and in europe . 
   tanned as a badger that 's amusing . 
  i 'm from the us state of wisconsin , and our state animal is the badger .
