  his username just makes it ironic . 
  the genetic and ethnic traits are less interesting to me than the details you just gave , much of which i suspected - i have been reading norman cantor 's medieval civilization , but he does n't go into much detail about iberia at this point . 
  portugal was settled by the suebi at some point after west rome 's fall . 
  did they leave any identifiable marks on portugal 's culture ? 
  well said . 
  free healthcare , yes , i know , i mean paid for by taxes . 
  i mean i want to go to a clinic and not pay them directly , instead have it taken from public funds that i pay into of course . 
   lol pay $ 20k for that broken leg this made me laugh , thanks . 
  200 euros a month is n't anything to laugh at , that 's for sure , but it certainly is better than what we have here . 
  i have n't seen a doctor in years , i 'm scared to see what 's going on and see the bill . 
  did n't mean to sound harsh , cranky early morning guy . 
  the euro-american relationship is indispensable but we need to get out military out of countries where it does n't belong . 
  besides i want ~ ~ free ~ ~ tax-funded healthcare and welfare and shared wealth , europe has great ideas that we should emulate ... we just need the money for it allocated right . 
  trump is a stupid clown who discusses his penis on debates . 
  he 's right in this case though , europe does n't need us to protect them . 
  we want socialized healthcare too . 
   of europe , he has written that `` their conflicts are not worth american lives . 
  pulling back from europe would save this country millions of dollars annually . '' he 's not wrong . 
  no reason for us to protect a bunch of first world welfare states that spend almost nothing on their own defense . 
  does it get 78 ( + / - ) virgins in heaven ? 
  why does everyone want to poop all over greece ? 
  it 's like they want to just seal the country off and say ` immigrants are your problem , go fuck yourself ' . 
  okay , thank you . 
  it does . 
  i do n't blame chinese for trying to get out of china and get a good education , it 's infuriating that our government , composed of these baby boomers who got to enjoy cheap/free education , decide to bury us in this burden . 
  so he 's not wrong , it is considered a mental disorder . 
  i do n't particularly care about trans people one way or the other , that 's their business . 
  just wait for climate change to overtake the islands , and you 'll see . 
  the philippines has a huge population . 
  same with indonesia . 
  they 're coming europe . 
  they want your welfare , and they want your houses and tax money . 
  they do n't give a damn about your laws , and there are enough of them to form enclaves . 
  i never thought i 'd say this kind of thing about migrants , since i 've generally been in favor of them and firmly left wing , but this wave of the world 's starving and war-traumatized is probably only the prelude to a much bigger climate disaster , helped in part by their burgeoning , heaving populations . 
  break away !, 
  join the usa !, 
  it 'll be like the good old ' days britain !, 
  you can help us with our ** wars ** !, 
  okay , thanks , much appreciated . 
  i 'll read it over lunch . 
  oooooohhhhhhh !, 
  okay , there 's something that i do n't understand here then . 
  is there something i can read about that on wikipedia ? 
  okay , we have literally all of those . 
  like i said , extremely influential media culture , excellent universities , world renowned authors , unique linguistic achievements , unique religious movements that unfortunately get tangled in our politics ... 
  so where are we moving the goal posts next ? 
  i 'm sorry , you 're saying our nationalism is hollow because the history of our nation is short compared to european history ? 
  there 's nothing for our nationalism to stand on ? 
  what about the fact that we went to the moon ? 
  or kick ass in the olympics ? 
  or have such great universities ( overpriced of course ) that people all over the world want to attend ? 
  or have extremely influential media culture and music ? 
  or that half the world 's jews live in the usa because its safe for us ? 
  or that we have the biggest fattest evil capitalist economy on earth ? 
  or that our military guarantees stability for much of the western world ( frankly i 'd prefer we pull our military our of europe ) . 
  it 's fine if you think our nationalism is hollow , it 's our business anyway , but i just do n't understand the rationale . 
  pronounced basically the same . 
  for those curious , the georgians call it `` sakartvelo '' and themselves `` kartvlebi '' . 
  certainly more than a giant wasteful military  : t, 
  we do n't want it !, 
  we want your healthcare !, 
  i do n't agree but i 'm all for europe defending itself . 
  america should take its soldiers home and close its masses its bases , we want single payer healthcare dammit !, 
  i would really rather we americans just pulled our military out of europe . 
  europe is first world , it can totally defend itself and does n't need the usa 's soldiers . 
  i wish we had a viable candidate for president who agreed - . -, 
  maybe they should establish a nation with delineated , real borders instead of this stateless nonsense . 
  perhaps they should quit with the knife attacks . 
  they do n't really have much of a choice in this regard because their governments have lost their wars of aggression and violent uprisings every single time since murdering olympic athletes . 
   the holocaust ( from the greek \u1f41\u03bb\u03cc\u03ba\u03b1\u03c5\u03c3\u03c4\u03bf\u03c2 hol\u00f3kaustos : h\u00f3los , `` whole '' and kaust\u00f3s , `` burnt '' ) , [ 2 ] also known as the shoah ( hebrew : \u05d4\u05e9\u05d5\u05d0\u05d4 , hashoah , `` the catastrophe '' ) , was a genocide in which approximately six million jews were killed by adolf hitler 's nazi regime and its collaborators . 
  yeah how dare they defend their country against terrorists and people who vow to throw the israelis into the sea , absolutely insane , just like western europeans demanding protection from migrant criminals , ca n't understand it at all . 
  the iconoclast period is pretty interesting . 
  i think at that time you had an armenian ( leo maybe ) become emperor - i 'm curious if that had any effect on the proceedings of the iconoclast heresy . 
  it 's one of the few times that orthodox christianity in the byzantine empire actively rebelled against the state , since the church was basically obedient to the emperor . 
  wow . 
  that sounds genuinely terrifying . 
  what do you mean by sick culture ? 
  is there bad alcoholism in poland ? 
  we have serious drink driving issues in my state , wisconsin . 
  i just imagined that long , drawn out ` no ' with a scottish accent and smiled . 
  thank you . 
  tell me how else it is . 
  i 'm very curious how you can say one position on one topic equates to an entire ideology - unless you ca n't , because you 're just calling it nazi because you do n't like the idea . 
  like how people use the word terrorist . 
  are the chinese nazis ? 
  that 's what would happen to me here if i was illegally here . 
  besides dude . 
  i had family that died in the holocaust . 
  there was definitely more to it than deportation . 
  ... i 'm pretty sure the nazi platform has some other aspects to it besides `` remove immigrants '' . 
  not everything you dislike is `` nazi '' . 
  yeah , they should return to where they came from . 
  give them a choice at the docks : the country you came from , or the boat to libya . 
  that 's a good , totally using that . 
  what ??? 
  what is the basis for this craziness ? 
  why would jews do that ? 
  that 's part of it ; having israel and america certainly help . 
  seconded . 
  i actually do n't recall him ever discussing it .
