the current conflict in the chinese government is between the president 's group , jiang 's old group , and basically other status-quo folks . 
  xi wants to centralize authority , make it hard to question the communists , be a military strongman , and make politics way more conservative . 
  his opponents dislike this approach because it curbs their power , and his anti-corruption campaign has aggravated them . 
  i do n't think that china will be able to fulfill the reforms it promised to its citizens because of incompetence in getting them done and political infighting . 
  i suspect this will lead to increased tension between people and government , which will mean more authoritarian power-displays ( like the military parade or the islands in the scs ) to try and keep the people in line . 
  i doubt that much will change , aside from the administration becoming increasingly paranoid and expending its political capital doing stupid things like angering their neighbors , trying to press claims in the south china sea , etc. 
  it will probably experience economic and political decline , whose character i ca n't define overly clearly - i just sense that it 's gon na happen , probably gradually . 
  china 's likely to fall into the middle-income trap , and inequality will just increase as corporations move to find cheaper labor elsewhere and pull their investments out of china over a long , painful period . 
  it is unlikely to result in real governmental alteration - for one thing people are just scared of the ccp , as they should be because they still use gang tactics to repress people . 
  for another thing , obedience to authority is hardcore drilled into people 's heads there . 
  all the pillars of society are in place to make sure that the whole machine keeps working despite the ccp and their associated wealthy bastards extracting vast amounts of wealth from their own people and either fleeing the coup or rubbing their hands anxiously together . 
  so yeah . 
  steady decline , little reform , likely to take steps backwards , the people do n't have enough free-thought/courage to stand up to the government that is poisoning their food/air/water , and things are n't as bad as they once were . 
  illegal immigrants in china do n't want to live there . 
  they work there and then they go back home . 
  i know , i 've met plenty . 
  i guess some from places like eritrea or nigeria end up living there ? 
  but as you can see the vast majority of the world 's potential migrants are trying to get into the west for a reason . 
  taiwan is most definitely not interested in being friends with china , they just elected a lady who represents the pro-independence party of taiwan as president and changed their passports . 
  you wanted to know what 's wrong with china , i explained what 's wrong with china , for some reason you think that means america is somehow relevant to this conversation , maybe because i 'm american . 
  why did you alter your goalposts to want problems unique to china ? 
  problems unique to china include the fact that they rank at the bottom of the world for press freedom . 
  problems unique to china include the fact that their milk powder is distrusted , so chinese people will go to more developed ( read : properly governed/civilized ) nations and buy up enormous amounts of milk powder , screwing up the local market . 
  problems unique to china include the phenomenon of * shengnu * , or leftover women who ca n't / wo n't get married while there are too many men in the country . 
  problems unique to china include the fact that they are isolating themselves behind a wall of east asian and southeast asian allies of the usa and reacting by becoming increasingly nationalistic , blocking outside materials , and censoring what they deem to be ` western ideology ' ( nevermind the whole karl marx thing ) . 
  you should probably actually go there if you want to really understand what 's wrong with the place , or ask people in / r/china , or even try to think about china absent the usa - i know , shocking to think of * anything * without immediately thinking ` the usa ' in response , but try it . 
  why are you `` what about america `` ing ? 
  what does this contribute ? 
  do you automatically assume that i think america is perfect because i 'm criticizing an autocratic dictatorship that is leading the world into financial distress ? 
  what does america have to do with this even ? 
  if you truly think america is even comparable to china in terms of corruption or misrule , you are displaying forgivable ignorance because it is hard to find a truthful narrative about how china actually is . 
  it 's much , much worse - at least we know about the flint crisis , in china complaining about such an event gets you in trouble with cops . 
  everything you said about the usa 's problems are true ( irrelevant they may be ) but you do n't see people desperate to immigrate to china , or hong kong or taiwan wanting reunification . 
  you see chinese desperate to escape because living there sucks . 
  flint has poisoned water ? 
  70 % of china 's groundwater is dangerous . 
  i got food poisoning seven times in four years and i am very careful with my food . 
  china bad . 
  america bad , china much worse by most metrics . 
  i lived in china for four years and my job was analyzing government policy . 
  my conclusion was that china 's government is bad . 
  stalin level bad . 
  if you could see the lies , the cheating , the corruption , the incompetence and the extremely public , clumsy doubletalk , you might come to my conclusion . 
  they 're a pack of thieves . 
  china rose in spite of the ccp . 
  it 's people were pulled out of grinding poverty to middling poverty because the ccp allowed foreign corporations to use chinese folks as near slave labor and their land as a garbage dump , all while the officials were taking big fat cutbacks . 
  the crazy thing : in beijing , a single choice from the central government could clear the air pollution , and that was if they shut down the factories in hebei ... but this only happens when foreign dignitaries come and they want to save face . 
  the rest of the time , the smog is there for the taxpayers to breathe and get cancer from . 
  the ccp is choosing production of cheap plastic , coal , and bad steel over the health of their people ** unless an important foreigner visits . 
  ** fuck the ccp . 
  they 're idiots who ruined an ancient civilization . 
  i agree , the nordic countries should do that . 
  we should withdraw all our military forces from europe and use the money saved to start programs that would lower the costs of health care and college in the usa . 
   `` imagine if israel were to come and build in hyde park , '' said ari briggs , a spokesman for regavim , a right-wing organisation that has been fighting the eu construction . 
  `` for a foreign government to come and build without permission it should be clear that it 's a blatant violation of an agreement that they witnessed . '' the eu takes such a strong stance against israel because : 1 . 
  it reinforces the victim status of the palestinians without addressing the violence on their end 2 . 
  israel does n't have a strong economic effect on the eu . 
  if europe was so deeply concerned about international boundary-keeping and respecting human dignity it would n't be all buddy buddy with the usa and china , both of whom do far worse things than israel ever could but are economically powerful . 
  yeah but we 're not a feudal confucian monarchy , we 're the 3rd most populous country on earth with a big heaving economy , it just sucks right now and the money needs redistribution . 
  the world will carry on . 
  you do n't see me arguing with you . 
  rich people have too much money in the usa , we 're subject to intense coercion here in the states , they should be coerced into paying their fair share . 
  or more . 
  so that means we should n't go back ? 
  no i refuse , i want america to be a crazy rich hermit living in the woods !, 
  that 's why i 'm voting for bernie . 
  he 's won 7/8 of the last primaries , and wiped the floor with her in my state wisconsin . 
  that 's great !, 
  it 's awesome to hear that because we probably have a lot of the same feelings about it . 
  you 're right , our military-industrial complex is completely nuts and should be diminished , although i do n't know where the workers would go in our job-starved , crappy economy . 
  if you guys do n't need to boost military spending to remain stable then more power to you , we should leave all the same . 
  young people know the usa should n't be the world police and guardian of the west , especially since so many eurostates spend so little on their military and just happen to have money for public healthcare and cheap university . 
  we want that . 
  noooo !, 
  take our troops home !, 
  we are out of money and our economy sucks !, 
  make the first world nations defend themselves from big scary clunkity russia , close the bases down in europe , no more interventionism . 
  that 's if you believe government numbers . 
  growth may be 6 % , it may be 2 % , we 'll never know because they lie and admit they lie . 
  human rights , civil freedoms , internet freedom , these are all declining in the face of a worsening economy ( the only thing keeping the ccp `` legitimate '' ) , not to mention how soes are shedding jobs without paying workers . 
  it 's a serious shitshow , i 'm glad i got out . 
  either way we should n't be there . 
  why would europe care about the jews ? 
  lots of europeans have always hated us . 
  yeah there was a lot of face lost and public shaming after the holocaust but ever since europe 's white guilt started to focus on skin-color and sympathy for jews became untrendy , it 's going back to being scary . 
  getting out of france seems like the smart thing to do since there will always be a threat to jews there . 
  even if the european people themselves are way less antisemitic than before , they 're importing violent , war-traumatized third world antisemites by the hundred thousand . 
   you 're american . 
  have you ever even talked to a european muslim ? 
  `` how could you know anything ? 
  you 're american . '', 
  that 's how i interpreted it . 
  that 's not questioning expertise . 
  it 's obvious enough that this conversation does n't have much further to develop . 
  so you wan na just come out and say directly ` americans are clueless ' ? 
  well china is spiraling into some pretty dramatic decline too ... 
  i 'm american , and honestly have no idea why we have all those military bases over there in europe . 
  our budget is overdrawn , illinois just stopped funding chicago u , the baby boomers of my country devoured everything and then made laws to pull the ladders up behind them ... we need that money . 
  a bunch of first world countries can defend themselves . 
  i like how he assumes that because you 're american you 're therefore clueless .
