  ireland more progressive than my country . 
  i watched the video now and i understand . 
  so overcrowded, 
  anti discrimination laws . 
  no idea , i do n't go partying . 
  the eu pushed this . 
  while illegal , gender discrimination is pretty rampant . 
  some jobs only hire women and some just men . 
  and that 's not considering discrimination of trans people . 
  it depends , usually they only check for alcohol/tobacco sales . 
  religion should be removed from publicly funded schools . 
  what exactly is it ? 
  other teen people ? 
  13-14 is common age to start partying and doing drugs here . 
  nukes would be effective , but risky considering russia is also fighting there . 
  we have anti discrimination laws here , but gender discrimination is still rampant from the private sector . 
  yeah , we are lacking workers in some parts of the country , because people do n't want to do the jobs or lack skills . 
  i have the money right now to afford it , but might not if things get worse , like getting kicked out or losing my pension . 
  i ca n't make friends , because i suffer from mental illnesses ( on disability pension due to it ) and being transgender . 
  a lot of people wanted to go out with me , but they backed off and even blocked me on facebook due to being trans . 
  i guess it applies a bit to me . 
  society paints women as defenseless victims and men as attackers . 
  what is social exclusion ? 
  low income , even slightly below welfare might motivate people to work part time . 
  for czech people your salaries are really big . 
  ireland seems progressive lately . 
  it might about one of your minorities . 
  you might feel like that , because of the society . 
  or you just might not like the image of cross-dressers/gay sexual activities . 
  i struggled with it for some time , despite being transgender myself . 
  i am a disabled czech , but not physically . 
  smaller parties criticise the 5 % here as well . 
  cz has lower rate due to early retirement ? 
   either both are okay or both are not okay both are violent ideologies that have no place in current world . 
  prague is much more friendly , while moravia is the worst . 
  i thought it would be 45 or so . 
  i guess my country is n't that anti-homo anymore , but is very anti-trans . 
  while i am against illegal immigration , i hate the sub . 
  it is hateful , far-right , promoting violence . 
  i am strongly against islam , but also violence . 
  / r/european is rather hateful and extremist subreddit calling for violence . 
  the persons who i am going to call already saw me , since i have been treated at the clinic . 
  i wll just try it . 
  the worse is when i finally make it and get no reply . 
  it is in a hospital , so it should have experience doctors . 
  i want to join group therapy , but i have n't been able to make the call yet . 
  the meds do n't help much . 
  my disabilty is only due to mental reasons . 
  there is lack of free therapists . 
  i know some programming , i have tried to develop my own video games , but i tried greenlight and the reaction was very negative due to graphics . 
   hope you 're getting therapy and counseling not really . 
  i go to a psychiatrist , she prescribes meds and that 's about it . 
  i am trying to get into therapy , but have n't been able to make the call yet . 
   anyway , hope things will turn around for you . 
  i have heard this so many times . 
  internet helps me a lot . 
  i can actually talk to other people , while i do n't irl , due to severe anxiety . 
  i stay at home , i am on disability and i have never worked and often i am miserable . 
  it is not always good . 
   you ca n't possibly know his contribution to society . 
  he might have went thru my history and i find out i am parasite and contribute nothing . 
  it still wastes time and money . 
  paying the priests , utilities for churches , going to church , praying . 
  way too many lgbt people suffer due to religious parents . 
  i am anti theist . 
  religion still causes way too much harm and wastes money/time . 
   uneducated xenophobic individuals majority of czech people ? 
  i heard about them , thanks to reddit . 
  frontex just helps more people get here . 
  only bus i ever took that has them is from a company that tries to offer good service . 
   air-conditioning and free wi-fi they have this for public transport ? 
  i am not happy with it . 
  a lot of schools are too easy and children do n't learn anything . 
  it is way too focused on memorizing things . 
  teachers are paid poorly and people who choose to study to become a teacher often choose it , because they would n't succeed at other fields . 
  i was there when ron was popular , he did n't do that well . 
  we have migrants who only speak russian as their second language . 
  we have plenty of jobs , low wages and few part time jobs , so it makes sense . 
  their parents are . 
  i am transgender . 
  i can hear what people say . 
  czechs are also strongly against lgbt people . 
  i can tell the 5 colors in the linked wiki clearly from each other . 
  i have most issues with blue/purple colors and green/yellowish . 
  ever heard of being screwed by us insurance ? 
  people who are denied or ca n't afford it ? 
  as trans czech person it is so painful . 
  suddently you get cancer and go homeless , because you ca n't pay . 
  public healthcare saves money and improves life . 
  how about they reduce farming subsidizes and use them for this ? 
  we already have demonstrations with less than 1 % . 
  lower pensions , higher taxes for rich . 
  i think it is good for the population to drop . 
  it is going below 0 already here next week . 
  they are mostly supportive of hungary with occasional pro migration article . 
  a lot of them are reasonable . 
  i agree with punishment . 
  they should check ids if they drive people over border . 
  i agree with punishment of hate speech . 
  people do n't realise how much harm can words cause .
