   violent ideology why do you say so ? 
  islam is an ideology and koran is full of violence and promotes violence . 
  why can we ban nazism then ? 
  what makes an ideology okay to be banned ? 
  i think violent ideologies should be banned . 
  raining all day . 
  why would they give them the clothes if they did n't pay ? 
  girls are not interested in politics . 
  one of the reasons is that girls seem to despite math very often . 
   and women are cashiers , in cleaning jobs i mentioned it as discrimination of men multiple times , since a lot of people only hire women for these jobs . 
  it is maybe 15 % and there are plenty of jobs in my country . 
  vast majority of the unemployed young people has low education . 
  for degree holders it is 1-5 % depending on the type . 
  yeah , people do n't like men doing this job . 
  discrimination against men in some jobs is really common here . 
  there is not that much interest in teaching pre school and pretty much none from men . 
  yes , they are , that 's why they keep on speaking slovak . 
  i hate slovaks , because they do n't learn out language and just speak slovakian . 
  meanwhile in cz , they often work for free as part of the education . 
  me too . 
  a lot of it is waste , low quality , overpriced projects , agriculture subsidizes . 
  i agree . 
  i hate halal/kosher has exception . 
  religion should not give you exceptions from the law . 
  why is it so high ? 
  minimum wage too high ? 
  i hate how religion is protected , especially exceptions . 
  here you need to stun animal before killing it , unless you are jew or muslim . 
  most unemployed people in cz ca n't or dont want to work . 
  is it ? 
  i thought you needed a permit . 
  i wish you could pay for private room in my country . 
  how do we defend the islands ? 
  same in czech republic . 
  a lot of the workers are illegal/immigrants . 
  no one . 
  i think people choose such job , because they ca n't find a better one , it allows them to work during the day and can be close to their home . 
  their mail is really horrible with the spam filter . 
  i wonder if i will become part of the statistic . 
  they might be recorded less often in the 3rd world countries . 
  hanging seems to best popular for both sexes in cz . 
  60 % for m , 40 % for f. 
  i think that lower population has its benefits . 
  having kid is a choice these days , yet most people still choose to do so . 
  in czechia , both islam and judaism get special treatment . 
  why is that so ? 
  seemed easy to me , unlike c or python . 
  yeah . 
  that 's why you work without contract , to avoid taxes . 
  a lot of people have disability pension and are not registered as unemployed , i am one of them . 
  63 , earlier for women with children . 
  it is earlier than in most of western europe . 
  low wages cause people to move somewhere else or just stay on benefits ,, 
  czech republic has low employment rate , it is because of early retirement age and long parental leave ? 
   99 % of them never committed a crime or will ever commit a crime here , we ca n't watch them 24/7 . 
  we do n't have police states . 
  that does n't seem right . 
  many people commit crimes , but most do n't go to prison . 
  we need skilled migrants and unskilled ones that are willing to work bad jobs for low pay . 
  population reduction would help with lowering house prices . 
  catching up to germany is also big in czechia . 
  people now say that we wo n't catch up to them , but they will drop due to the immigrants . 
  people are very family oriented here , they want children and stay in touch with grandparents . 
  czech koruna has been kept at 27 per euro for some time now . 
  i live in czech republic and would like to watch stuff in english with english subtitles . 
  cinemas do n't allow that . 
  i sure could n't fight . 
  i would just run or commit suicide . 
  i think i am no longer included in it , since i got kicked out from the employment bureau, 
  i know english well , but no other language . 
  i learned french at school and tried to learn german and norwegian on my own , but gave up . 
  i am not sure , ireland would be easier due to language , but germany is close and has many jobs . 
  i wish i could , but my mental health is too bad . 
  family/friends are not the issue . 
  the wages are still not growing quickly enough . 
   piercing the ears of babies where is that banned ? 
  religion still allows people to get away with bullshit . 
  give them free sterilization . 
  i wish my country managed to reduce its population , housing is already an issue . 
  minimal sex education is the case in czech republic , it was just one time instead of regular biology class . 
  my stance on it is that abortion prevents suffering . 
  we call it kebab here as well . 
  i like d\u00fcr\u00fcm, 
  discrimination is widespread in czech republic gender , age , race ( especially against roma ) , disability . 
  beating children is still legal in many eu countries :(, 
  we had it for a long time . 
  i wonder when it was added . 
  they should move to my city , 1 gbit fiber for 11 $ / month . 
  or at least cable , 18 $ for 200 mbit . 
  1997 cars are cheap these days . 
  it is correct , it just feels weird for me due to being czech . 
   referenda it feels so weird to see it used . 
  i wonder what their reasons are . 
  not much opposition in czechia , communists are the only big party that oppose it . 
  i 'm a slacker and i want to get to back to university . 
  czech crown is at 27 per euro due to central bank devaluating it . 
  i have earned some money from money , it has had lasting negative impact on my mental health . 
  it 's very easy to get a job here now , if you can work full time . 
  but finding a part time job as a person on disability is difficult . 
  communists .
