  the rest of v4 seems very supportive . 
  too long , did n't watch . 
  some say swedes has been sending them . 
  large part of eu funding are farming subsidizes . 
  roma has been here for 600 +, 
  like 3 % of my budget of my country is eu farming subsidize . 
  brussels subsidize farming so heavily . 
  here a lot of people are anti-migrant . 
  you can see it on facebook , local news site , even in public . 
   indians roma has n't integrated well . 
  we doport them , they just come back . 
  it is just 2 km from turkey to greece . 
  the 2 big ones on japan did . 
   stone age middle ages . 
  or just use the welfare . 
  minimum wage here is low and with free healthcare , being without a job is not that terrible . 
  people also have family/housing that they do n't want to lose . 
  i meant inside the country . 
  you would have to move . 
  there is a lot of empty jobs in my country , but even moving a bit is too much for people here . 
  how can i get on german welfare ? 
  iranians or afgani are not arabs . 
   bombing the oktoberfest i had thoughts about this just today . 
  since muslims are against alcohol , seems like a possible target . 
  illegals are big issue . 
  in reality it less , due to threshold and other ways the ruling parties rig the system . 
  slavic c is pronounced ts, 
  the sound starts with t, 
  mostly people who waste their welfare on drugs and people without welfare . 
  i am far left social , but i do n't support illegal immigration . 
  we already produce way more than we need to eat . 
  how do you deal with illegals that have no id ? 
  where do you deport them ? 
  do you just dump them in the channel ? 
  people with rough life look older . 
  i see no change here . 
  it rains more here than in london . 
  dae nazis are bad ? 
  europeans are very racist , but it is reasonable to be be afraid of crime , pollution , climate change . 
  and i thought czech hospitals were bad . 
  yet poles have lower uneployment than natives in some countries . 
  there is demand in my country , but our wages are so much lower than in the nordics . 
  2 $ / hour . 
  how come ? 
  it people do n't seem to have trouble finding job in my country . 
  no one seems . 
  the wage are low , but for it usually starts at 700 $ / month , even for people without a degree . 
  it seems letting dictators live is often better than starting a war . 
  are left people not anti immigrant ? 
  meanwhile i get no welfare , got ta love the system . 
  my country seems to be quite high . 
   and get arrested and deported on sight . 
  why ca n't we do it ? 
  because we do n't know where they came from ? 
  on local news sites/facebook people has been very vocal against immigrants . 
  that 's common knowledge , we were even thought that in school . 
  it is easy to spent someone else 's money . 
  high school is pretty much good as none these days . 
  pretty much every country violates human rights already . 
   despite being vilified in europe most europeans support it, 
  it only takes 48 hours in some countries if you come from what they consider a safe country ,, 
  they could have applied in greece/bulgary . 
  because killing people is bad and should be punish by death . 
  i wanted to confirm it for my country , then i saw your flair . 
  that 's not true . 
  large amount of people ca n't understand a language enough . 
  that 's not true . 
  large amount of people ca n't understand a language enough . 
   religious i hate how religion is used as excuse . 
  not accepting muslims is same as not accepting nazis . 
  many countries do . 
  9 time is not true , because about 25 % already get pension and about 15 % are children . 
  people with lower wages would have more money and you would n't lose the income by getting a job . 
  that seems a lot , minimal welfare is 83 $ here . 
  you have never tried circlejerk ? 
  maybe start by not letting them in ? 
  yes , it is . 
  we are really shitty people . 
  i get death threats/get told to commit suicide all the time . 
  most eu countries break human rights already . 
  is there no way to unsign or just ignore it ? 
  just build a wall and do n't let any illegals in . 
  i hate smoking so much , it needs to more expensive . 
  low unemployment , low poverty limit ( 330 $ ) . 
  eu immigrants work more than norwegians . 
  you are getting paid too much ? 
  ca n't people just cash out and convert their money to dollars ? 
  i agree , slightly reducing population would be good . 
  iceland is a rich country thanks to low population and big natural resources . 
  i like it a lot . 
  easy to move across eu , human rights/equality thanks to new laws we had to pass . 
  my operator just added extra charges for it . 
  you need to pay taxes first, 
  a lot of them have bigotry in their platforms . 
  just look at the parties that got into the parliament , so much bigotry . 
  czech republic is friendly , as long as you are cis , straight and white . 
  piracy offers more stuff , for free and allows download . 
  trump is very popular in czech republic due to being anti-islam . 
  with high scores for my country , i am really worried about other eastern bloc countries . 
  people complain about speed here , but i have n't experience that big ones .
