you really seem to hate immigrants , while you seem to be a canadian and therefore probably an immigrant family . 
  uk seems to want limit eu immigration , while the real problem are africans/asians . 
  62 % have a degree and some more are working on it . 
  this shows that immigrants are usually educated . 
  yes , that is probably true . 
  women are bigger liability due to children . 
  do women actually earn less for the same job ? 
  i have seen studies saying otherwise . 
  they usually work less time and as result earn less per year . 
  well in http://www.reddit.com/r/mensrights some people are socially progressive , calling for getting rid of marriage and such . 
  but still what makes them right-wing ? 
  because they are anti-women ? 
  my party ( pirates ) use a classical forum - phpbb , there are thanks and you can filter the boards . 
   / r/mensrights why do you consider / r/mensrights ? 
  right-wing ? 
  people polish products , there have been some cases with your food . 
  czech people are quite racist and hateful . 
  i was trying to compile list of people that people here hate , but it would just never end . 
  mostly gypsies , though . 
  maybe that in the usa less people pretend to find a job , because of lower benefits ? 
  do you get health insurance for pretending to find a job in the usa ? 
  norway has no quotes and shitload of money saved up . 
  very common scam in prague . 
  usually foreigners get scammed . 
  these days it is rather choose to or just lack of knowledge . 
  i think this data might be skewed by lower retirement ages . 
  low wages are often reason for low unemployment . 
  here everyone has a job , but they make 2 $ / hour . 
  zeman is the president , sobotka is the prime minister . 
  tell that to germans . 
  maybe it is because in europe being unemployed does n't mean using health insurance . 
  slovakia has always had higher unemployement than czech republic . 
  it is free , but not easy . 
  well , they are slighty lower , but not that much . 
  i ca n't even get job in my country , not a chance abroad . 
  is is not that low . 
  my living costs are about $ 500/month . 
  meanwhile $ 3/hour and no tips in europe . 
  i once did , on a trip to a jewish town . 
  in czech it is orange apple , taken from german , that took it from french . 
  i got sweden . 
  same happened here , in 2006 , 2010 elections . 
  great thing . 
  6000 for 1 bedroom apartment , 2500 for food , 1500 left for the rest . 
  easily doable in czech republic , except for prague . 
  or you just eat something else . 
  but in the 30s ... 
  why ca n't we do the same with recidivists ? 
  the cause more hard than stray dogs -, 
  they are already annoyed by the czech short name ( \u010cesko ) . 
  so immigrants can you just come there and get welfare ? 
  i thought you needed to work for some time . 
  i live in plzen and you can get 1 bedroom apartment for 270 $ with energy , internet included . 
  not really , most homeless people are ethnic natives , gypsies usually have big families and stick together . 
  but you often need to pay upfront for shelters . 
  400 $ in czech republic if you want the place for you alone . 
  the main cause seems to be drug addiction . 
  instead of using welfare for shelter , they buy drugs . 
  in czech republic there is so many homeless people . 
  every time i go shopping i see them sitting on bench , drinking cheap wine . 
  you mean czech republic . 
  would n't you like to reduce the 5 % threshold , so smaller parties have bigger chance ? 
  i wish my language died , i wish we were speaking german . 
  i wish marriage was abolished already . 
  as czech who become overweight this year , this checks out . 
  maybe that it is caused by some kids starting later ? 
  i started at grade 4 , which i skipped . 
  about 130 $ / m if you cooperate , 80 if you do n't . 
  babi\u0161 does n't want to lose his subsidizes . 
  we are being forced to do so . 
  i heard germans say , we will just overvote you . 
  some people use the phrase `` about us , without us '' , which is usually used for for the m\u00fcnich agreement 1938 . 
  we fail to integrate minorities , be it roma or disabled people . 
  our social system has a lot of issues . 
  i hate this a lot as liberal far-left person . 
  pirates . 
  svobodni made it . 
  i voted , my party did n't make it , but at least we got some cash for it . 
  i hope more people vote next time . 
  not really , many things are more expensive here than in richer countries . 
  drinking often makes depression worse . 
  there are much better drugs that help with it . 
  i am so tired of people assuming left do this , right do that . 
  also discrimination of homosexuals . 
  you free to think what you want , you just should n't get perks due to it being religion . 
  we should stop letting people pass just because of religion . 
  we need to treat religion just as another ideology . 
  or you know , europeans actually dislike illegal immigrants . 
  build a camp in moldova or turkey and stash them in there . 
  i do n't think they can give them citizenship , just schengen visa . 
  what about human rights of people already living there ? 
  not an issue here . 
  in last election the top party got 20.45 % and formed majority government with 2 other parties . 
  they got 47 % of votes , but 55.5 % of mps . 
  they could apply for asylum in bulgaria or greece . 
  yeah , i know it is a problem here as well . 
  we got about 3 $ per vote in the last election . 
  winning party wins 50 extra seats ruling parties rigging the system ? 
  some people might just read the title and downvote as result . 
  human rights are already violated in the eu anyways .
