  i got an elective surgery in about 50 days , so that 's fine . 
  also basic income , equality , direct democracy and other stuff . 
  pirates are also fighting it . 
  hostile ? 
  the government support is big , too big . 
  just try telling people that you do n't want children at all . 
  we need more factory drones ? 
  instead of increasing population , we should increase wages and split money better . 
  england does n't have free education . 
  right wing parties in czech republic made healthcare less free and wanted to introduce tution . 
  free education , healthcare and basic income seem left . 
  they might have double the unemployment , but people there earn more and work less . 
  there was a gypsy who presumably killed 26 people in my country by starting a fire . 
  the quality of food in czech republic is lower than in the west europe . 
  cost of living varies for people . 
  some things cost almost the same . 
  what is gdp growth good for , when the wages are still very low ? 
  let 's see what shit parties , we get next year . 
  so far no new ones seem viable . 
  i do n't think it is a case here , pensioners often struggle to get by , but if you do n't have children , you should be doing fine if you have a job . 
  it is more of a state , where body/society cause distress to us . 
  there are also people like me , who do n't identify as one binary gender . 
  i live in plzen and i am trans and a lot of people just block or ignore me once i tell them i am trans . 
  leftists party won the election , but one the parties in the coalition are christians . 
  it gets worse outside prague . 
  people say that the reason against gay adoption is the children would get would be bullied . 
  maybe that parents should teach acceptance . 
  i have heard racism , homophobia from my family , not that we should respect/accept people . 
  80 % is more than i would expect , gay marriage support is only about 50 %, 
  they average is n't that high , but the welfare is pretty high , so is the minimum . 
  we need to tax companies better . 
  why do you have a weak phone ? 
  electronics still cost the same, 
  you can , my mother is on it as well . 
  i would recommend trying to get it . 
  some workplaces here are still gender segregated , it is sad . 
  yeah , why bother ? 
  i am just really worried i will be taken off the disability pension, 
  eu has also helped with reducing discrimination . 
  i think increasing minimum wage is only way to solve this . 
  if wages were higher , more people would want to work . 
  abortion is cheaper than a baby . 
  doctors get about 15 $ per visit in czech republic . 
  i am one of them , i dropped out from school , because i was depressed . 
  how am i supposed to get a job , when i ca n't work full time and the few part time jobs are likely to make me even more depressed ? 
  looks like a donut in czech republic . 
  low minimum wage , corruption, 
  then you find out people ca n't afford medical attention or go to university . 
  some people stay to protect themselves , people get killed for leaving islam . 
  here the ruling parties at least pretend to try to deal with it . 
  that 's why you need to tax companies, 
  check my comment history , watch hot fuzz, 
   policemen / - women . 
  you are supposed to use police officer . 
  sexism against males is more accepted than blaming religion . 
  in reality there are job offers that literally say `` we are hiring women '' or `` we are looking for men to work in a warehouse '', 
  while eu laws ban it , it is still common here . 
  some jobs only hire one gender . 
  because it is okay to discriminate against males . 
  they pay about 70 % more than minimum wage in my country . 
  it has been becoming more popular here , especially among educated women to have both surnames , but still very rare . 
  we should promote healthy weight . 
  being too thin will usually kill you earlier than being overweight . 
  it is quite common . 
  i can see `` we are hiring women '' every day . 
  gender should n't matter . 
  less people is not the problem , inequality is . 
  if we distributed the wealth better , it would be okay . 
  they are expensive if you want to have good living standard . 
  on the other hand some companies only hire women, 
  i heard of similar thing 30 years ago in my country . 
  there should be about 2 more czech redditors from my city ( pilsen ) . 
  i am in multiple online chat groups on kik and skype . 
  it does n't . 
  lack of social interaction is one of the main reasons for my depression . 
  maybe that they should get some form of entertainment . 
  some politicians just put helping migrants over human rights of natives . 
  what problem is there with gender ? 
  discrimination based on it ? 
  having gender markers matter ? 
  only slightly higher unemployment . 
  lower wages due to lower work hours and less work experience and gender discrimination might also be a cause , since the jobs only offered to women often have low wages . 
  i do n't drink alcohol . 
  same in plzen . 
  i am one of the few unemployed czechs , because i ca n't really work due to my mental issues . 
  while your post refers to porn , the reality is that many regular jobs only hire women . 
  so much of it are agriculture subsidizes . 
  same problem . 
  same in czech republic , tax dodging is so common . 
  pay an employee minimum wage to avoid income tax and reduce insurances . 
  make your job only 300h/year officially , but work much more , while having another contact signed by a relative who does n't work for more money . 
  seatbelts reduce chance of dying in a crash tenfold . 
  it makes a bit of sense , being stressed can make people do crazy thins . 
  how about we replace workforce with robots ? 
  catholics . 
  not really , but there are benefits to get married . 
  that might make the christians unhappy . 
  they came 7th in the election . 
  not very christian country , but a lot of people are still mild believers , but do n't go to church . 
  christian party being part of the government .
