   the concept of property ownership is n't `` natural '' . 
  it 's an artificial legal construct . 
  try to take from the tiger his freshly killed prey and i 'm sure you can explain to him how property `` is an artificial legal construct . '', 
  ... and very often the `` severe violent outcome '' is what 's desired ... 
  only because they form a government ... 
  sure , and he gets his share of coverage here as well . 
  for some reason he seems to be a little bit less effective in getting libertarian-themed issues into public awareness than paul . 
  you mean that particular government did n't hinder people 's pursuit of their own interest as much as did the other ones ? 
   nobody really trusts politicians any more -- is also unfortunately true, 
  why unfortunately ? 
  that 's a great first step to emancipation . 
  subjects petition , free people do n't . 
  how is it any different than `` lol . 
  poor girls ca n't go barefaced ? '', 
  oh , i forgot , the customs of your tribe are the laws of nature ... 
  guess some people prefer painful self-help than even more painful embarrassment ... 
  a badger would n't have to be rabid or even really pissed ... they will tear your balls off just for the fun of it . 
  so , what do you call a good vigilante from samara ? 
  if you are only interested in no-strings-attached sex , it might help to avoid any misunderstanding ... 
   regulations did n't come fully formed from the ether . 
  we had problems , that the free market did n't fix . 
  no , actually most regulations are initiated by lobbyists for some special interest groups seeking rent . 
   you cant get a job somewhere else ( they are working with the competition ), 
  uhmm ... you can open a business and hire all the disgruntled highly competent labor they are underpaying ... 
  do n't need one . 
  some people have gaydar , i have psychodar ... 
  what is even more curious , while linguistically and culturally arab , [ palestinians ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/palestinian_people ) are mostly descendants of jews who got converted to islam ( and in smaller numbers to christianity ) ... 
  also : he won . 
  terrorist who win are becoming statesmen ... 
  or , as [ franz oppenheimer ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/franz_oppenheimer ) put it : there are two ways one can make a living , either through `` economical means '' ( labor and voluntary exchange ) or through `` political means '' ( taking by stealth or force from others . ), 
  so , there are indeed two classes : economical and political ( the second one encompassing government workers and common thieves/bandits . ), 
  he was a leader of the organization which routinely used necklacing as a mode of execution . 
  he did not dissociate himself from that practice until much later in life . 
  ... but it would be a good case to start billing ... 
   am imissing out on a joke ? 
  yes . 
   it implies that merely having a gun will always be enough to stop an attack . 
  well , obviously not always but very often it seems to be enough ... 
  [ _ citation needed _ ], 
   people who are older than yourself, 
  most of them are dead ... 
  10 billion here , 10 billion there - pretty soon we start talking real money ... , 
  i 'd rather see him in supreme court ... 
   or they all would be arrested . 
  what works in russia would n't necessary work in us ... 
  it 's kinda funny ( or really sad , depends on your level of cynicism ) how gmos generate so much noise , mostly from people who have absolutely no idea what they are talking about . 
  there seem to be only two extreme points of view :, 
  `` th gmos are killing the world and are an abomination ! '', 
  vs. `` the gmos are absolutely safe and are the greatest miracle that benefits all creatures big and small ! '', 
  both are a load of cattle manure . 
  there 's nothing inherently dangerous about gmos and also there 's nothing inherently safe about them . 
  it 's always a function of what genes are spliced into what organism . 
  so , when the dude says `` when using gm feed ... '' you should really ask yourself `` what gm feed ? 
  what genes have been spliced into what ? 
  how the chemistry of the feed itself changed ? '', 
  for example , if there are two varieties of the grain crop - one producing a lot of low quality grain and another producing high quality but a low volume , splicing ( only ) the gene responsible for the high volume into the high quality one will not make a difference for the grain itself . 
  if , otoh , you splice into soy the castor been gene responsible for producing ricin , well , do n't be surprised the soy becomes poisonous ... 
  develop a good marksmanship and shoot his lights ... , 
  well , do other parties get reimbursement ? 
  he was not prosecuted simply for protesting ... 
  no , i do n't think he did anything wrong , but he knew what he did was against the law and what consequences he would face . 
  hmm ... are the plants the pesticide gene is from safe ? 
  you might be right but that 's a different argument . 
  has nothing to do with the original question `` is it safe ? '', 
  ( for the people or swine in this instance , not the environment . ), 
  how is what you say relevant ? 
  ( except , perhaps , not being able directly asses the danger of the pesticide produced by the bacteria , not having a record of people eating it . 
  in case of pigs , we can pretty much assume the safety - pigs having lots of contact with the soil and the bacteria in question being quite common in the soil . ), 
  just because `` we have never done it before '' does n't make it inherently dangerous ... 
  you are missing the point . 
  there 's ( yet ) no mass arrests of dissenters in us . 
  i still think the americans would not stand for that . 
  i do n't doubt the powers that be would like to have the option , they will lash out when they have a modicum of plausible justification , but to achieve soviet-style obedience of the masses - it will take a few more generations of conditioning/indoctrination for the americans to get used to it . 
  because they could . 
  what do you mean by `` allowed ? '', 
  there would n't be anybody to `` allow '' it . 
  if they did , they would be facing massive wrongful death lawsuits . 
   `` 416d65726963612043616e20436f646520 '' is the hexadecimal code translation of `` america can code . '', 
  i 'm sorry , when you want to get cute with technical terms , at least get it right . 
  that 's the hex for `` america can code '' in ascii which , although arguably used to be the most common , is not the only encoding ... 
   well it 's also valid utf-8, 
  that 's true . 
   ( which as far as i 'm concerned should be the only encoding ) . 
  seems like you have an euro-centric view , 
  you said utf-8 . 
  which takes more space to encode east asian scripts than utf16 ... also , seems you missed the smiley . 
  dunno ... have 3d printer ? 
  well , the question is was he taking pictures of the kids ... 
  surely , you can see the difference between arresting protesters and letting them go after a few hours and sending them to gulag ... 
   it 's not up for debate until you figure out who shot jfk . 
  hehe ... that 's easy - i did . 
  i do . 
  are you calling me nobody !? 
   i know in hamilton people drive 30 minutes to the rez for gas that is 15c cheaper . 
  it costs more but they think they are saving . 
  you sure you have your math right ? 
  if they burn 2 liters for the trip and save 15c on 50 liter fill-up they save $ 7.50 - 2 * $ 1.30 = $ 4.90 . 
  not much but still saving ... 
  how do you know ? 
  were you there ?
