  you mean : they fucked up so now they have to keep fucking up becase the fuck-up would be even worse otherwise ? 
  because `` asking questions '' = = `` hating america . '', 
  why do you say my so is vain ? 
  is it ? 
  how come i do n't have to bribe anybody to get a permission to buy tv ? 
   what an elegant system you 've proposed, 
  uhh ... the system that used to work pretty good for several millenia ? 
  so how come your divine fda angels do n't hurry to the rescue ? 
  either you did n't get it or i do n't , 
   becuase it 's a free market , if you the currency to buy a tv , you can do so . 
  whereas , in the case of the fda , you have to prove worthiness ( or buy influence ) to get a product to market, 
  that was exactly my point . 
  as opposed to millstone 's assertion `` bribery is a concern for both public and private organizations . '', 
  `` the nation '' are children ? 
  did n't know that - sure the quality of editorials should be a clue ... 
  oh , now i know why i had to pay so much ... 
  i tell you something , i take my chances sony would rather have my repeating business than poison me , over the jackbooted thugs taking my money at gunpoint to feed bunch of fat-assed parasites in all the alphabet soup `` organisations . '', 
  they are no fucking different than ole don giovanni demanding my money for `` protection . '', 
  sure , the difference being : in case of let 's say consumer report or underwriters lab , their reputation is their business if they allow bribery they go under faster than bush 's ratings . 
  in case of the mighty gvt they do n't give a fuck about reputation , they get their money anyway . 
   anyone else find those numbers ridiculously hard to believe ? 
  why ? 
  good bot , right on time ... have a 0.5 kwh ... 
   so you think that being able to beat any arbitrary opponent in checkers does n't qualify as `` intelligent behavior '' ? 
  does ability to beat any arbitrary oponent at multiplying numbers qualify as ai ? 
   you 're wrong . 
  there have been food safety programs in many places throughout history, 
  you mean `` at some times in history , in some places on earth , some asshole or another , pulled similar racket . . '' sure , but the _ majority _ of humanity up to modrn times did pretty well without such `` protection . '', 
  i do n't give a fuck if they go to prison or not . 
  what i care is they steal my money and , to add insult to injury they have the power to prevent me from using something they decide is `` not good for me . '', 
  or worse yet they can put _ me _ in prison if i disregard their `` advice . '', 
   for some definition of ai , yes . 
  for some definition of food shit is food . 
  bon apetit . 
  oh , no , we know better what ( should ) make you happy and we gon na shove it down your throat , wether you like it or not ... , 
  would you venture a guess at a number of people killed by electricity ? 
  it looked like fairly balanced article till, 
   ron paul will not be the next president of the united states . 
  but his candidacy gives us a good hint about the country the next president is going to have to knit back together . 
  sure , his chances are slim but this is a cheap shot . 
  edit : spelling, 
  oh , come on , you know what i meant , do n't you . 
  ( did too much c++ programming to use = , 
  yeah , still the overall tone of the article was n't too bad ... 
  well , if enough people buy it ( who would n't otherwise ) they ( and the rest of the media ) will notice . 
  which could make them publish more rp articles ... 
  edit to clarify : just to increase circulation , not from a sense of civic duty , of course ... , 
   the fda does not prevent you from using anything . 
  the fda prevents you from selling food and drugs that do n't work or make people sick . 
  so if i want to grow some * cannabis sativa * to alleviate my chemo side effects , i am perfectly free to do it ? 
   you 've asserted over and over that the us goverment is a bunch of thieves , stealing from you . 
  why on earth do you still maintain your us citizenship ? 
  first : you are assuming things you know nothing about . 
  second : leave and go where ? 
  you know of any place that does n't have a bunch of thugs extracting `` protection '' payments ? 
  i guess ( letting some smart ass invoke godwin ) all those jews should just leave nazi germany , should n't they . 
   the fda does n't care . 
  ( the dea might have some issues , though . ), 
  the same bunch of parasites , different acronym . 
   sure . 
  ( link to countries without income tax ), 
  you telling me if i show up in any of these counries i can just stay and earn a living ? 
   the jews were forbidden by german law to leave the country . 
  were they ? 
  that 's news to me . 
  anyway , are you saying that if they could leave nazis would be kosher ( pun intended ) ? 
   arguably the best course of action, 
  for who ? 
  excellent source to pick candidates for short selling ... 
   if a bunch of thugs actually pointed a gun at me and demanded tens of thousands of dollars, 
  you telling me they do n't ? 
  you on welfare or something ? 
  or perhaps , you are the _ really _ rich - like you do n't have income , you have money , so you do n't really care about income tax ? 
   my hope with this line of argument is that you 'll reconsider your idea of the government as gun toting jack booted thugs . 
  well , i 'm sad to tell you that you are n't doing too well ... 
  it really hurts me to break the news to you : there are jackbooted fellows that make sure you `` contribute '' your `` fair share . '', 
  if you try to avoid your `` contribution '' they 're gonn show up at your place and either convince you to reconsider , or kidnapp you and lock you in a nice place with guaranteed job security and free sexual experiences . 
  should you demur , they gon na shoot you dead . 
  some other nice fellows are making sure you do n't ingest anything that they do n't allow - also with the ultimate threat of deadly violence . 
  some others make sure you do n't improve your house without obtaining their permision first ... guess what , their ultimate argument ? 
  yess , sir - deadly violence . 
  so nope , you are n't doin ' too well convincin ' ... 
  btw if jews were not allowed to leave germany how come we did have a pleasure to turn the whole steamshipfull of them back ? 
  no , seriously , think abot it - it 's perfectly safe and _ moral _ way of making money . 
  first : the stocks of the companies whose goal is making earth green ( whatever that means ) instead of making money is practically guaranteed to tank . 
  the people who invest in such companies are rich spoiled green brats , who feel tremendous guilt about their money . 
  by shorting them you will make money and alleviate guilt of the investors . 
  everybody 's better off !, 
  everybody 's happy !, 
  ok , good luck . 
   scary bearded guy, 
  scary ? 
  i do n't know , he kinda looks ( looked ? ), 
  like jesus , did n't he . 
  more likely - story was true , reporter arrested to make an example . 
  the next one with story like this will think twice ... 
  edit : spelling, 
   maybe that should tell you something . 
  maybe you are wrong and everybody else in the world is right . 
  oh , `` everybody does it '' argument !,
