  in general , he would probably have to demolish wtc himself and it would cost him a bunch . 
  so , yeah , larry 's a winner . 
  not so the insurance companies that had to pay out , not so the people who died . 
  but i guess , from the collectivist point of view , it could be seen as a `` positive '' - what 's mere 3000 dead compared to new shiny wtc ... / s, 
   a rake in it 's mouth, 
  ehm ... the rake is supposed to go into the other end ( according to rb23 ) ... , 
   so i take it you have refused to read your own link . 
  / facepalm, 
  no , grasshopper . 
  i did read it . 
  actually i was well aware of this kind of `` argument '' before . 
  i admit i was assuming a fact not in evidence though : namely , certain level of intelligence of the reader and his ability to follow mental shortcuts . 
  so i will try to explain to you slowly and in complete sentences :, 
  first paragraph was a sarcastic response to krugman 's `` could even do some economic good '' with a hint that in macroeconomic sense it was a loss ... 
  the second one was addressing the fallacy and malevolence of the concepts you voice ( and voiced in the `` limitations '' part of the wiki . ), 
  notice that the only `` macroeconomic benefit '' is a new shiny wtc - `` benefit '' for the `` collective '' at the expense of 3000 dead and insurance companies ... 
  if the wtc was economically unsound , the owner ( s ) would have to eventually demolish it . 
  when and how should be left to them to decide , not to mr. krugman or anybody else . 
  i do n't really think it deserves much more comment - the concept is vile and only hard core collectivists can seriously consider it . 
   fern\u00e1ndez was responsible for the eta 's latest efforts to encrypt its communications, 
  encrypting communication is terrorism ? 
  sheriff dupnik is an asshole who tries to avert attention from his handling ( or lack thereof ) of laughner 's death threats ... 
  if he handled them correctly the nutbag would be either in prison or in a mental institution , and definitely would n't be able to pass background check to buy a gun . 
  is that your experience ? 
  from abstract :, 
   based on consistent evidence from human studies , replacing sfa with polyunsaturated fat modestly lowers coronary heart disease risk , with ~ 10 % risk reduction for a 5 % energy substitution ; whereas replacing sfa with carbohydrate has no benefit and replacing sfa with monounsaturated fat has uncertain effects . 
  evidence for the effects of sfa consumption on vascular function , insulin resistance , diabetes , and stroke is mixed , with many studies showing no clear effects , highlighting a need for further investigation of these endpoints . 
  public health emphasis on reducing sfa consumption without considering the replacement nutrient or , more importantly , the many other food-based risk factors for cardiometabolic disease is unlikely to produce substantial intended benefits . 
  does n't really look like contradictory to the op ... 
   [ ... ] using muslims and germans as the out-groups for his subjects , dutch college students . 
  these nationalities were chosen [ ... ], 
  muslim is a nationality now ? 
   fascism is the extreme right . 
  by what definition ? 
  economically , fascism is state control of the economy with nominal private ownership . 
  not unlike most of today 's socialists . 
  it is pro-unions , anti-individualist , it promotes society `` interests '' above the individual ... 
  so what 's your definition of `` right '' and how fascism fits into it ? 
  is it ? 
  if i have a 1 % chance of dying from heart attack , changing my diet would reduce my risk to .9 % ... 
  so , if your goal is to improve statistics , it 's big . 
  but if your goal is to avoid heart attack , it 's not . 
  you have to somehow prove it 's bad ... hey , remember `` greenland '' is called just that because in the middle ages vikings fund it green and settled there ... were they burning to much oil back then ? 
  `` no '' as `` vikings did n't settle there '' or `` no '' as `` it 's against my religious beliefs , so i 'm just going to ignore it ? '', 
  quick google would let the lady know that , other than auto accidents , the most common causes of accidental death among children are drowning , fire , falls , and poisoning . 
  i hope she inquires about and verifies safety of swimming pools/koi ponds , all flammable materials , steepness and height of stairs , and household chemicals or prescription drugs in all those houses her child is about to visit ... 
  ok , so it 's against your religious beliefs . 
  it 's amusing to watch how `` warmmongers '' make a leap from `` it 's warmer '', 
  unless we allow politicians to tax us more . '', 
   before tha downvoting comes calling me a climate change denier or whatnot, 
  you have to admit , there 's something fishy about the whole `` science '' behind it if even the believers making a valid point have to guard their post with a disclaimer , lest they be accused of heresy ... , 
   generalizations generally are wrong, 
  unless they are made against `` denialists '' , eh ... 
   you are quite possibly a moron, 
  are n't you warmmongers supposed to be politically correct ? 
  it would be `` cognitively challenged '' for you ... 
  i , otoh , being a troglodyte , could easily dispose of all the niceties ... but , instead , i will simply assume you being `` tired and busy '' explains the slip ... , 
  btw , if your religious beliefs did n't slightly dull your senses , you would noticed that powercow 's comment can be only explained if he ( and the rest of warmmongers ) makes exactly the kind of the leap i was talking about . 
  tfa , even if taken at face value , only suggests that greenland warmed over recent years . 
  nothing more , nothing less . 
  it has absolutely no bearing on the question of we evil humans being responsible for gaia 's demise ... 
  me troglodyte , me like warm . 
  and like burning oil . 
  and me buy huge swaths of land in canada and russia . 
  me will be rich !, 
  hmm ... is macwithoutfries similar to bannana ... ? 
   we are really talking about is climate change . 
  not global warming, 
  iow , you 've got your ass covered no matter what happens ? 
  to be fair , anytime is getting unseasonably warm somewhere , you have reddit swarmed with wormmongers saying : `` see , it 's warm . 
  we are right !, 
   in fact , it 's in the best interest of science that this concept not be just accepted , but instead scrutinized . 
  judging by your comment score , warmmongers do n't want no scrutinizing . 
  you have to remember , it 's not science that guides them , it 's religion . 
  prophet algor ( gaia bless him ) sayeth so , heretics have to be buried !, 
  ohmnygod !, 
  and how are we going to prevent killer tomato attacks without moar taxes !, 
   made up word , however the suffex `` monger '' is being used ( as it often is ) incorrectly, 
  it 's suffix . 
  and when i make up a word i decide what its meaning is ...  it has a nice sound to it ( imo ) ... 
   it is quite hypocritical to lamented about being `` generalized '' while attempting to do the same to the other person you are talking to, 
  actually , i was not `` lamenting '' but pointing out ... 
  btw : thanks for psychoanalyzing me , i hope you 're not gon na try and bill me for that ... 
  and i 'm perfectly aware there 's no arguing with wormmongers , as there 's no arguing with any fundamentalist religion . 
  you have made up your mind mostly based on the prophet algor 's preaching and no argument is gon na change it . 
  if you ( and i mean you as the group , not necessary you personally ) really wanted to understand the issue and its possible repercussions , you would examine a historical record of the earth climate fluctuations and ask yourself if the ( much ) warmer periods in the earth history caused any catastrophes similar to what warmmongers prophesize ... 
  that would be a good start ... 
  you might also ask yourself why the `` scientists '' pushing this scare are so happy to resort to fraud ( remember the `` hockey stick '' ? 
  the whole brouhaha is based on long chain of assumption ( and anybody who questions even one link is called `` denialist '' ) :, 
  it 's getting warmer and the trend will continue . 
  it 's going to be bad for us . 
  that means the aggregate harm outweighs aggregate benefit . 
  politicians can do something about it given enough power and money . 
  politicians will do something about it if given more power and money . 
  aggregate benefit realized by politicians doing this something is going to outweigh the aggregate harm of doing it . 
  and you might 've noticed i did n't even go into the question if the puny amount of co2 we generate has anything to do with anything . 
  which is another can of worms altogether ... 
  clumsy jesus ... ? 
  there 's no reason for guns not to work in outer space ... 
  `` we hold these truths to be self-evident , that all men are created slaves , that they are endowed by their masters with certain alienable privileges , that among these are life , liberty and the pursuit of happiness , but they can be taken away anytime for any cause ... '',
