  says church that paid for it . 
   anarchism is defined as `` a political theory favouring the abolition of governments '' while socialism is `` a political theory advocating state ownership of industry '' or `` an economic system based on state ownership of capital . '', 
  [ 2 ] which means that an anarchist could not be a socialist, 
  hmm ... nevermind ... , 
  they do n't like their cops much either ... ? 
  i somehow doubt the only motivation the authors of audi/bmw ads had was money ... 
  no argument here ... , 
  well , davinci was designing/drawing quite secular things while sitting at home and not being paid by the church ... 
  poor guy !, 
  it suck when your own daughter has no sense of humor ... , 
  why would they ? 
  they introduced this bill in the first place . 
   if you think anything can be effective with these people, 
  stop reinforcing stereotypes . 
  you really do sound like elitist asshole ... 
  why ? 
  citizens ? 
  maybe . 
  people ? 
  not so much ... , 
  so , this is an indictment of the dudes who run this particular mine , not the mountaintop removal mining in general . 
  you could have neighbor watering his lawn with added sodium cyanide to kill the bugs . 
  would n't mean the lawn watering is bad , would it . 
  similar things could be said about building a new highway . 
  ok , you have to decide what you are protesting about ... op 's beef was with mountaintop removal type of mining - does n't have to be coal ... 
  because it 's hard to find auditors you have 100 % certainty will stay bought ... 
  well , it was not much over $ 10/gb about half a year ago ... 
   try easter europe, 
  as opposed to christmas europe ? 
  nah , does n't work ... tried that on my wife , still she would not shut up ... 
  so , how much did mikemongo give ? 
  i thought you fascist pretended income tax was voluntary ... 
   was charged with carrying a pistol without a license outside a home or business, 
  was n't the place a business ? 
  are you ? 
  ok , sold . 
  make check payable to jacekplacek . 
  voice of america says so therefore it must be true ... < snicker / , 
   however , it does n't change the fact that ahmadinejad denies it happened, 
  [ _ citation needed _ ] ( other than jerusalem post or voice of america , fox does n't qualify either ... ), 
  who knows . 
  but if you pay i guarantee you wo n't . 
  or your money back . 
  ... and in all these quotes it 's the quoted that say he denied holocaust . 
  very often second hand ones , like reuters quoting netanyahu ... 
  if you read his actual words , instead , it looks like he questions the extend of the holocaust and israelis ' reliance on it to play the eternal victims . 
  not the holocaust itself ... 
   tungsten is surprisingly close at 19.25 g/cm ^ 3 , only 0.3 % less dense than gold . 
  but that should still be detectable using archimedes 's method . 
  just add a touch of osmium ... 
  bunk . 
  everybody knows the laser was invented by a soviet committee lead by tovarischtsch lasernikov ... , 
  no , it 's `` wunderbra '' . 
  anybody still uses land lines ? 
   it 'll just keep the poor from drinking as much , or drive alcoholics into debt, 
  ... or provide an incentive for the young entrepreneurs ... 
  sooner or later people are gon na start shooting pigs on sight ... 
   yeah , just like the ussr buried us , right ? 
  they did n't physically , but they sure did ideologically ... we now embrace their doctrines . 
   under a government which imprisons any unjustly , the true place for a just man is also a prison . 
  _ henry david thoreau _, 
   less so than every other country in the world . 
  if america is a ` communist ' country , the rest of the planet are all super duper communists . 
  yeah ... so ? 
  i would n't necessary call it communist , statist is a better term . 
  or even fascist . 
   by this logic communist ideology is hugely popular all over the world , so maybe it 's a lot better that we had earlier thought . 
  you call that `` logic '' ? 
  up till a few centuries back , theocratic monarchies were hugely popular all over the world ... perhaps they were a lot better than we thought ? 
   i dont see why college costs anything . 
  the educated add value to all of society . 
  i do n't see why homes cost anything . 
  the home ownership adds value to all of society . 
  i do n't see why computers cost anything ... 
  i do n't see why books cost anything ... 
  i do n't see why clothes cost anything ... although , depending on climate , they could be seen as detrimental to society ... , 
  dunno , i 'd take pillaging warlord over spanish inquisitor every time ... 
  apparently you do n't know what `` strawman '' means ... and yes i disagree with taxpayer funded compulsory indoctrination by the state . 
  you do n't think computer ownership contributes to society ? 
  or books ? 
   clearly , citizens are not why law enforcement exists . 
  of course they are . 
  so called `` law enforcement '' is just a praetorian guard for the political class ... their main purpose is to keep the rest of us in check . 
  lol , he must be one of those who think anything that does n't sound english must be in russian  ( unless it starts with ` al ' , in which case it is terrorist ), 
  that would be waste of time . 
  there 's enough arguments on the net already , if you really want to know it ( which i doubt ) just use google ... 
  that 's why , if you find yourself shooting the pig , you should follow up with remaining s-es : shovel and shut up ... , 
  < shrug /  suit yourself . 
  i have no time to try to explain to you the concept of liberty . 
  you would not understand anyway . 
  do n't assume i give a rat ass about winning an argument . 
   so what is your libertarian argument as to why wal-mart could n't happen in a libertarian shangri-la ? 
  why would we want to argue wal-mart could n't happen ? 
   `` sturmgewehr '' ( meaning storm rifle ), 
  minor nitpick : `` sturm '' means `` storm '' but also `` charge '' ( as in `` charge of the light brigade '' ) . 
  the second meaning is the correct one in this case . 
  so , you saying military does n't know what they 're doing ... , 
  oh , it it were n't for the bible quote , the jihadists would think us soldiers are their friends ... 
   `` charge rifle '' is a bit stilted , and also causes confusion with the technical firearm term `` charge '' as in powder load, 
  hence the `` assault rifle '' ...
