  and guaranteed to stay filthy rich for life !, 
  and i 'm picking you for the vice !, 
  jacekplacek - stilloriginal 2012 !, 
  int main ( ), 
  return \u2135 \u2080 ;, 
  edit : lol - the \u2080 should go after alef but since alef is hebrew it reverses the order ... 
  edit2 : ok , this looks better ... , 
  you fail ... it 's no longer integer ... 
  so , how did the move go ? 
   which is smaller than 360 . 
  which is how many degrees are in a circle, 
  uhmm ... 
  i do n't see the reason why aliens would divide a circle into 360 degrees ... 
   amber true and michael gutierrez preyed on the most vulnerable of victims, 
  not to make light of the story but wtf ? 
  in this case the estate of the deceased family was the victim . 
  are the estates `` most vulnerable of victims ? '', 
   360 at the very least has the property of being divisible by many factors . 
  so has infinite number of other numbers ... 
   how about something like a reddit bbq at my place ? 
  great idea !, 
  let 's hope we can interest a few more local redditors ... 
  i have to warn you , though , i 'm an old prick by reddit standards ( 54 ) ... , 
  so , how does lancaster compare to chicago ? 
  never really been there ( chicago ) myself , just drove through once . 
  meant to stop and check out polish hood ( being a pole myself ) but did n't have enough time . 
  back in the 1920s culmor28 wrote :, 
  `` this morning , after the night spent at the casino owned by the gambinos , i woke up beside the pretty , young girl provided by the colombos . 
  i went to work in the law firm owned by the consigliere to the luccheses . 
  after work , i decided to relax with my friends in a speakeasy run by the bonnanos . 
  this night frank sinatra was singing there . 
  on my way back home i stopped at the grocery store `` protected '' by the genoveses and got some bread freshly baked in the bakery `` protected '' by cammora . 
  before going to bed i helped myself to some canadian whiskey , smuggled in by kennedys ... 
  hmm ... antarctica seems to have `` consistent year-round temperatures '' too ... 
  l. von mises `` human action '' , m. rothbard `` man economy & state '', 
  warning : they might cause you to `` get it '' and be shunned by `` mainstream '' ... , 
  it 's not cat and it 's not poop ... 
  what a nice field full of strawmen ... 
  it was kinda ok ... but the dude has too much trust in the government and not much understanding of economics ... 
  dude , you need to start associating with more hygiene conscious gals ... 
  no shit ... 
   food poisoning ** rate **, 
  look it up . 
   even the uk can successfully provide universal health care, 
  it depends on your definition of `` success '' ... 
  btw i used to know a guy who `` successfully '' lived the high life off his inheritance ... until it run out . 
  the internet as a global network or the internet as set of protocols ? 
  if the later , you are right but so what - it would be some different set of protocols . 
  if the former , i guess you have n't heard of compuserve ... 
  you guys seem to be enamored in what the `` progressive '' celebrities have to say ... 
   you know teflon coating does nothing to increase penetration , right ? 
  well , not entirely true ... teflon coating minimizes friction inside the barrel , allowing bullet to gain higher speed , therefore increasing penetration ... 
  hmm ... 
  i would guess , for the same reason republicans started protesting `` fiscal irresponsibility '' ... 
   spending your free time painting, 
  your assumption there 's gon na be any `` free time '' might not be entirely correct ... 
   range owners, 
  it 's a pa gaming commission range - theoretically , people of pa are the owners ... 
  you mean the `` lady is like a dude '' factor ... ? 
  well , actually , i meant the other lady ... , 
  iow obama is a better fascist than bush ... 
   if the president were picked by national popular vote , he argued , candidates would spread their attention out more evenly . 
  methinks , they would concentrate on big cities ... 
  attn reddit liberals : why do you hate sarah palin so much . 
  just wondering ? 
  i see so much hate on her and wondered what started it all . 
  that was n't a thought , and i 'm not a conservative ... 
  giant ? 
  [ this one ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/egyptian_mongoose ) is bigger ... , 
  so , when are you graduating from kindergarten again ... ? 
  imf is in a water business ... ? 
  why do n't they declare bacon a ` fundamental human right ? ', 
  does your `` logic '' apply only to arizona or did you see such dire effects in alaska and vermont ? 
  well , if they are planning to commit a crime they are still criminals . 
  if they have no intention to commit a crime ... yes , they are law abiding citizens ... 
  yup . 
  well , `` if they have nothing to hide , what they are afraid of ? '' ... 
  you do understand you sound like an asshole ? 
  yeah ... but that 's a completely different topic ... 
  ... but only when the `` wrong '' side does it ... 
   the wtc was not a valid military target, 
  so , when clinton bombed serbian tv building he was being a terrorist ... ? 
  what about truman nuking hiroshima/nagasaki ? 
   using an airplane to do it make it inherently terrorism no matter the other target . 
  why ? 
  so , what does it have to do with water ? 
  i know , and blacks are known as lazy and stupid , and jews are known as cheating ... amirite ? 
  i guess grey was referring to his total lifespan not life to date ... 
  hmm ... 
  so , you 'd rather have people with networth < = 0 to be released from all liabilities ... ? 
   it is a pun , i think . 
  no shit ... 
   1 . the use of irony , sarcasm , ridicule , or the like , in exposing , denouncing , or deriding vice , folly , etc. 
   2 . a literary composition , in verse or prose , in which human folly and vice are held up to scorn , derision , or ridicule . 
   3 . a literary genre comprising such compositions . 
  hth, 
  it 's the other way around : us is a strategic asset of israel ... , 
  actually , one of the defining attributes of fascism is nominally private ownership of the means of production ... 
  how about get rid of `` public sector '' altogether ... ? 
   basically you would expect to be robbed if you left them your keys,
