  was the shooter bulletproof ? 
  hmm ... so , if the cops were somewhere close by they should just wait ( as they did in columbine ) ... ? 
   the govt spends its ( our ) money wisely in thousands of ways, 
  sure . 
  like bombing brown people in faraway lands ... 
  why it was ok for the government to actually give the money to the banksters but it 's horrible if they just keep their money ? 
  ever heard of head shots ? 
  i guess that 's why they never send armed dudes in when there 's trouble ... / s, 
  so , you are making absolute assertions about the hypothetical situation , without considering possible skills , position , marksmanship and training of the hypothetical ccw dude and i am foolish ? 
  tell you what , you should try to convince pentagon to send only unarmed dudes into combat - after all it 's hard to hit a moving target and having armed combatants will make it only worse ... , 
  is n't that what i just have said ? 
  listen , we get it . 
  you like it the way it is and do n't have a problem with the way you are treated by the state , paying taxes , being jailed for ingesting `` wrong '' substances , etc. 
  fine . 
  we do n't insist on you giving up the `` benefits '' of the state . 
  what we want is to be left the fuck alone . 
  we do n't want those `` benefits '' and we do n't want to have to pay for them . 
  it 's quite simple : you can refuse our calls to 911 , do n't admit us to the hospitals if we do n't have the insurance , if there 's something you have to do ( let 's say send the firefighters so the neighbors ' houses do n't burn down ) charge us for it . 
  we will most likely carry insurance for that anyways . 
  the roads ? 
  the gas taxes are supposed to pay for that . 
  if they do n't - raise them to the level they do . 
  we will treat those taxes as user fees . 
  i already hear you crying `` but the defense ! '', 
  now you have just told us to move away . 
  if we do we will not contribute to your defense , how is it any different if we stay here and do n't contribute ? 
  if the state is such a good deal , why can not you make it voluntary ? 
   and a doctor slew a burglar in his suburban home . 
  and that is supposed to be a bad thing ? 
  oh , c'mon ... you can make the emancipation permanent . 
  iow once you leave the state there 's no coming back . 
  and stabbing the neighbor it 's not something ancaps would leave unattended ... besides , real crimes ( ie these with the clear victim ) if perpetrated on the `` citizen '' could still fall under the state jurisdiction . 
  kinda like you go to monaco and stab someone , you gon na be dealt with by the monaco 's system . 
  because you know you can not believe everything the politician promises ... 
   it 's the justification for why you need it ,, 
  yes . 
   and the limitation on how it should operate . 
  there 's a logical fallacy in your thinking . 
  a =  b does n't mean ~ a =  ~ b. . . or b iff a. 
  unfortunately , renouncing your citizenship does pretty much nothing towards emancipation ... you are still subject to taxes , jailing for pot smoking etc. . . 
  oh ... so you really meant `` love it or leave it '' did n't you . 
  i ask you again , if it 's such a good deal why do you have to force people into it ? 
  oh , so `` ein volk , ein reich , ein f\u00fchrer '' is your preferred model ? 
  we are such a small minority , how come you can not just ignore us ? 
  in an ancap society you would be perfectly free to set up any statist community , as long as it were voluntary . 
  so , why are you just weaseling out of answering my question ? 
  why ca n't you give one good reason you can not leave us alone ? 
  i have already shown you how it can be done without your beloved state having any extra expenses ... 
  i tell you why . 
  because if you allowed people to emancipate , pretty soon more and more of your state 's subjects would figure out the presumed `` benefits '' are not even close to being worth the price . 
  they will be able to see it clearly . 
  and they will want to emancipate themselves . 
  and then your state will be exposed for what it really is : the biggest , most brazen racket ever established ... 
  assuming you are not a jew or a gypsy , you would be very happy with hitler 's regime - he was very pro health care . 
  and he did marvels for the health science , with all those medical experiments ... / s, 
   you brought up nazis !, 
  if it quacks like a duck ... 
   well is n't allowing you to go leaving you alone ? 
  as i explained it to you , if we were the majority you would n't have to leave . 
  we would gladly let you set up any statist racket an let the gullible to subscribe to it , if they wanted to . 
   or did you want to stay and use all our stuff but still have us leave you alone , because that seems kinda unfair . 
  what your stuff ? 
  is your attention span so short you can not even remember what was said a few comments above ? 
  again , it would be pretty easy to set it up so we would have to pay for any of `` your stuff '' we wanted to use . 
  so what are you afraid of ? 
  i do n't get it . 
  from the perspective of agriculture ( if global warming and the growth of co2 levels continues ) the climate will be rapidly bettering not worsening ... 
  if the crooks fight among themselves they will not be so focused on screwing the public ... 
  ... and he is the least likely one to let it pass ... 
   i would be happy with his regime because of a single issue ? 
  no , not likely . 
  well , your previous post suggested otherwise ... , 
   that said , the nazi party itself was a socialist party, 
  be , careful ... whenever i suggested they were socialists , the left wingers were ready to go for my jugular ... , 
   hitler had some wonderful ideas, 
  i can see your point , but i do n't agree with it ... imo socialism itself is a horrid idea . 
   who do you think purchased the rights to those and what surgical procedures and medications are the result of them ? 
  i 'm well aware of that ... 
   but not on your communities land . 
  you would n't let us live within your community if we tried to establish a state there . 
  you 'd say , go someplace else and have your state there . 
  you are just showing total and complete misunderstanding of ancaps . 
  there would be no `` our communities land . '', 
  and you could live where the hell you wanted to , assuming you were the owner or the owner allowed you to . 
  and what you did in your spare time or what racket you would like to subscribe to would n't be anybody 's business ... 
   why would we give up our resources and land and carve out little exemptions for every one who asked . 
  why would you , indeed . 
  nobody is asking you to . 
   that would soon result in such a complicated system that it would be unmanageable . 
  `` if you 're standing here you 're in this state , but if you go over to that guys house you 're not . '', 
  if you live close to the canadian border , the house just `` over there '' might be not in your state . 
  why would it be `` unmanageable ? '', 
  your state already has all the land records ... 
   what if we want to build a road through some land where every other person has emancipated themselves and stayed here . 
  do we have to twist the road around all of their lands if they wo n't allow us to pave ? 
  same for sewer lines ? 
  same for every other government service ? 
  who says you have to be able to build the road wherever you want to ? 
  if you really , really have to , you could just buy the land . 
  we ancaps are mostly reasonable guys .
