   i 'm sure former slaves and holocaust survivors would love agree that income tax is a perfectly reasonable thing to compare with what they went through . 
  probably . 
  if somebody kicks my ass , somebody who had his eyes gouged out will think ass kicking preferable . 
  does n't mean i have to be glad my ass got kicked . 
   stupid and irrelevant analogies to janitors aside, 
  why do you hate janitors ... sorry , could n't resist ... , 
   you ca n't have legal recourse if there is n't a legally established standard for what is proper practice, 
  sorry , pal , you are not making any sense here . 
  how come you can have legal recourse if you are harmed by unregulated practitioners ( like , yes , janitors , or software developers , or whatever ) but you would , misteriously , lose the recourse if dentist were n't regulated ? 
  either you are harmed or not . 
  either the dentist is to blame or not ( or he is to a some degree . ), 
  how is his `` following the rules '' when harming you going to alleviate the harm ? 
  why do you expect the same `` consistent standard of practice ? '', 
  is n't the competition what 's driving the innovation and progress ? 
  how do you know your regulatin ' did n't stiffle progress in dentistry ? 
  i venture an oppinion that it did - it does in every other segment of the market . 
  can you imagine how would software industry look like today if the parasites caught on back in the 80ies and regulated it ? 
  we would n't be having this conversation and i would be sentenced to code in cobol < shudder / , 
  i do n't get you , guys !, 
  what makes you believe , contrary to all available evidence and simple logic , that the bunch of psychopatic , power hungry maniacs in congress and the white house , aided by another bunch of career bureocrats ( the blokes to lazy/stupid to get real jobs ) now better than your dentist how to fix your teeth . 
  without even looking at you ? 
   yeah , and i can tell you without even hearing them that probably 99 % of them are worthless and unrealistic arguments from anarchist libertarian idealists who have no concept of reality . 
  lol , i did have a feeling you would . 
  just in case you want to reconsider : learning some history of law would be a decent start ... 
   the cost of having repeated medical procedures until someone does n't commit malpractice seems impractical, 
  now , just think about what you said !, 
  all the regulatin ' is pretty recent development - there werent much of it before the 20th century and even then it startet pretty slowly . 
  yet , somehow , the people did n't run too often into such scenarios . 
  furthermore , health care was pretty affordable , doctors used to make house calls ( remember those ? ), 
  and there seemed to be reason whatsoever to talk about `` health care crisis . '', 
  seems like the exact opposite what our `` highly regulates '' system 's brought us now . 
  does n't it make you wonder ? 
  just a little bit ? 
  i was trying to come up with some smart alec retort , citing some unregulated industry that shold be prone to similar conundrum ... sadly can not think of any ( other than janitors ) everybody seems to be `` highly regulated . '', 
   and the anti-tax groups are completely objective and impartial ? 
  no , but at least their hearts are in the right places . 
  i hope you do n't accuse irs guys of having hearts , they could take offense and audit you ... , 
   if it is legal , then you do n't have an excuse not to pay your taxes . 
  your only choices are to pay or go to jail . 
  well , if it was to be shown not legal , congress would rectify the matter immediately . 
  that 's why i do n't pay much attention to this question . 
  and i know i have to pay up . 
  the same with guido . 
  only he charges less and does n't try to convince me it 's `` for my own good '' too hard . 
  also he does n't get all sanctimonious with me , just breaks my legs . 
  are you really convinced the `` mighty regulators '' regulated the progress in medicine into being ? 
  let 's see , at about the same time my daughter graduated from high school she acquired the nasty intestinal parasite . 
  should i be convinced the parasite caused her graduation ? 
  should the effort to get rid of the parasite be called `` returning to her grade school times ? '', 
  you mean the guy who refuses to pay up don ignazio `` think he can exclude himself from the obligations of living in a society , as opposed to everyone else ? '', 
  what a scumbag !, 
   it is necessary , economically rational , and utterly sane that this be a government function . 
  sorry , it just your assertion based only on your feelings . 
  it 's kinda like the soviet fellow unable to believe he could buy bread if his government did n't bake it ... 
  somehow the high tech industries can have tremendous progress , often _ despite _ government regulations . 
  you do n't notice this because government meddling there is not as intrusive as in medicine . 
  also it 's easier for them to avoid it by simply moving overseas . 
  medical patients are captive victims of the political class - so you can not see examples of the market functioning here without gvt meddling and therefore believe it 's not possible ... 
   to wit : chiropractic , alternative medicine , and , of course , oprah 's ` the secret ' . 
  there are people who pay good money for these services , who are you to say what they should or should n't do ? 
  why do you feel entitled to decide for others what is good for them ? 
  once in a while you hear about a new research contradicting some long held ( and often fda pushed ) beliefs . 
  now the fellow who followed advices of some native medicine man might laugh at you how you were fooled by your doctors . 
  my philosophy is quite simple : `` live me the fuck alone '' if some ( or even most ) people need some bunch of parazites deciding what 's good for them , let them have it . 
  just why do you feel you have to shove it down my throat ? 
  certainly , if your government provides such a wonderfull service , people should be more than happy to pay for it themselves . 
  _ without _ forcing those who do n't like it to pay up . 
  right now it 's no different than mafia forcing you to pay for `` protection . '', 
   you might say you do n't like regulation , but i doubt you 'll back it up by going to a disbarred attorney or a surgeon who has lost his license . 
  you might get surprised ... 
  actually , ignorance is something that you just displayed . 
  i know plenty of people who could run circles around many of your `` highly and officially regulated , licensed , and certified '' doctors/dentists/professors who are not licensed here . 
  and i leave it as an exercise for you to ponder this puzzle and , perhaps , guess the reason . 
   what makes you think the influences which corrupt our government would n't simply set their sights on whatever free-market entity you believe would arise to regulate these industries ( if they are not one and the same ) ? 
  ever heard of competition ? 
  government does n't care - they do n't have to provide good service ... 
   what would that gain you, 
  the ability to decide if i want the service , perhaps ? 
  but you are still missing the point : it does n't really matter if the `` services '' government provides are desired or not , and whether it provides these services efficiently ( hadly ever ) . 
  as long as your scheme requires to kill somebody who does n't want to subscribe , it 's immoral and deos n't differ from mob 's racket . 
  and quite frankly , if we have simple psychopaths in charge it 's much preferable ( even though evil anyway ) than some well meaning do-gooder . 
  psychopath might not hesitate to kill you if you oppose him , or just for simple pleasure of killing , do gooder is going to commit any attrocity possible that 's going to ( in his mind ) help him achieve his goal of re-making mankind into his ideal . 
  look up pol-pot ( do n't cofuse him with paul potts  - he was a freaking well-meanning do-gooder , he realy believed in his `` vision '' of agrarian communist utopia . 
  the inteligentsia was hindering his vision so he had them exterminated . 
  the same - in his mind the jews ( or gypsies , or slavs ) were the mortal danger to the arian ratial purity . 
  consider that the `` final solution '' was started to be immplemented only when there was , basically , no doubt the war was lost . 
  before that he was quite willing to be `` humane '' and achieve `` purity '' mainly through attrition . 
  ( sure , people were dying in camps , but this was n't , at first , the main goal of camps - camps were the source of forced labour with no tears lost if the inmates were dying prematurly there were moro of them coming anyway . 
  but when the going got tough , he realised he 's done for and for him the `` purification '' become the main goal before his death . 
  look he was a hero in his mind - he sacrificed himself and his regime for the arian race !, 
  i am not excusim him , quite the contrary - the fucking do-gooders are the worst curse of the mankind . 
  in cases like hitler , pol-pot , lenin ( i think stalin was just a regular psychopath , they obviously can sometimes match the worst ) it 's easy to see how evil this kind of thinking is . 
  in case of `` bleeding heart liberals '' it 's not _ that _ easy because their victims are not numerous enough ( so far . ), 
  but morally they are no better than hitler - thay are still willing and ready to kill . 
  do n't believe me ? 
  look at some comments in this thread and tell me how many will shed a tear if browns are killed ? 
  and they have to be either broken , or killed . 
  sure , the mantra `` everybody has to pay their fair share '' does n't sound as evil as `` jews have to be exterminated . '', 
  but the difference is in a degree , not in principle . 
  everybody who is willing to kill to achieve his goal is evil .
