  the irs is the different story - i never got anything from them and never expect to . 
  but they are getting a large chunk of my paycheck nevertheless . 
  if i defaulted with the banks i would get my credit rating screwd up - if i default with irs i 'll get my ass hauled to jail or , if i do n't go there meekly , shot down . 
  so , do n't blame me for being a little pissed , ok ? 
  peace . 
  oh , and clinton was sooo coool he even decriminalised ... what ? 
  uhh ... nevermind, 
  how do you know he stopped ? 
  how about [ beijing baozi ] ( http://www.cnn.com/2007/world/asiapcf/07/12/cardboard.food.ap/index.html?imw=y ) burger ? 
  yeah !, 
  we still have the invoices !, 
   those soldiers are risking their lives on a daily basis for this country . 
  they do that for the generallissimo , herr fuehrer commander in chief and his bunch , nothing to do with the country . 
  ok , i 'll bite : in what circumstances is killing hundreds of thousands of innocent civilians not an act of a psychopatic monster ? 
  it 's `` equal '' in rights , not in abilities/dick size/brain capacity/etc ... 
  yet all this might can not control bunch of nomads ... does n't it make you think ? 
  well , what they say before ( or right after ) they get elected is one thing , what they do is another ... 
  can you think of _ one _ president who kept his promises ? 
  ok , maybe coolidge but he was very unlikely president - did n't really have the `` will to power . '', 
  ok , so japanese army was full of psychopatic monsters . 
  how does it justify mass murder of civillians ? 
  if ( heaven forbid ) some psycho killed your children would you feel justified to kill his ? 
  well , you could use some logic classes , i see ... 
  ok , so what part of my understanding of history do you question ? 
  i 've already acknowledged the japanese atrocities . 
  are you saying the hiroshima and nagasaki never happened ? 
  or that they were n't populated by civilians ? 
  or what ? 
  it 's kinda hard to make sense of what you 're saying ... 
  why do n't you start a trend ... , 
   the drugs have not been clinically proven to prolong survival , compared with other therapies . 
  so , maybe , perhaps , by a sheer coincidence this coud be the reason ... ? 
  nah , it must be bad capitalism ... 
  yes , i did read the whole article . 
  and i still think that the more likely cause of the drug ( s ) not being used more often is uncertainity/lack of data - at least in most cases . 
  somehow it bothers me people are ready to believe , doctors will knowingly and willingly withhold medication , for the monetary gain . 
  if the doctors are really so bad , what makes you trust them not to poison you , so they can then earn more money treating the poisoning ? 
  this is a price we pay for civilisation . 
  `` george who ? '', 
  was the best comment ... 
  let 's see : nader is an expert on automobile design , environment , old age , aviation , phrmacology and medicine , among others . 
  what an amazing fellow !, 
  oh , you believe ron paul is gon na win ... ? 
  nothing surprising here , politics is a favorite carrier choice for psychopatic killers ... 
  it 's called `` division of labour , '' baby . 
  it 's called `` division of labour , '' baby . 
  so , demonstrate your self-discipline and move somewhere you can grow your own turnips ( and let darwin do his work . ), 
  just leave us the fuck alone . 
  god , how i hate these sanctimonious little pricks who want to fucking force their half-assed little dim-witted schemes on the rest of us . 
  can not say it 's my fault your post sounded pretty much like you can not just wait to tax me into agrarian poverty ... , 
  oh fuck , somebody call homeland security . 
  how are they gon na keep sheep in check if sheep gets cured of fear ? 
  so fucking what ? 
  largest number of foreign communist fighters in spanish civil war were from america . 
  so fucking what ? 
  wait !, 
  but what if it works for sheep too ? 
  yeah , but all these things are n't gon na work if there 's nobody to _ fear _ it ... 
  is she hot ? 
  give back ? 
  you mean ahnold gave them the money and now he wants some of it back ? 
  no , berlinbrown is insinuating that the war on drugs is a fault of the current administration . 
  but dubya and company do n't hold a copyright on it , quite the contrary - other than couple of little known ( outside internet ) politicians , the whole caste of repugnicrats are firmly behind it . 
  pinning it on the right side of the boot on your neck party only is n't going to do any good . 
  iow dubya and company ( including rudy mcromney ) is a bunch of power hungry , fascistic nut-jobs and so are clinton , obama and the rest of political elite . 
  they do n't even try to hide it ... 
  ` your child belongs to us already ... ', 
  * adolf hitler *, 
  `` request invitation ? '', 
  no , thanks , i 'll pass ... 
   as an american i 'm accustomed to being manipulated and lied to by my government . 
  just not this badly, 
  agreed . 
  democraps seem to be a little bit better liers than repugnicans . 
  nah , everybody knows that the bunch of half-literate aye-rabs in tora-bora mountains of afganistan one day found the declaratin of independence and the constitution of the us and were _ shocked _ how much freedom the americuns have ... 
  edit : formatting, 
  socialism in action , baby !, 
  hurrah for the great leader mugabe !, 
  what ? 
  economy is going to colapse ... - it has to be fault of the imperialists !, 
  it 's a sacred duty of every good citizen to report the enemies of the people to the stasi ... sorry , i mean kgb ... sorry , i mean dhs ... well , whoever is in charge now . 
  yeah , that 's it . 
  btw : of course dubya is evil but when hillary takes over you just go and report !, 
  or else ... 
  now , was it supposed to be funny . . or maybe insightfull ... profound ? 
  beats me . 
  does it mean that the globularwarming is going to elevate the nyc ? 
  so , how come you did n't shoot the motherfucker ? 
  oh , rosie tald ya the guns are evil ... 
  the first beneficiary of the globularwarming ... ? 
  they want keep this power when their party is in charge ... duh !, 
  oh , the first fusion of communism and environtalism ... how cute ... , 
  you see , green nerds - if your heart is pure enough gaia will get you laid ... lol, 
  the honest politician ? 
  obviously fake !, 
  our benevolent rulers already told us nobody could predict evildoers flying the airplanes into wtc ... 
  it 's just a tin-foil hat conspiracy theorist who hate america !, 
   for tech writers , the larger lesson is that in a world awash in `` information '' , the ability to shape and present the information so that its import is clear can , in some extreme examples , save lives . 
  as opposed to cya ... which in the real world will always take precedence ... 
  sorry , pal but in this insane world if we can not laugh we are all gon na go insane ... ( or just completely indifferent , i 'm not sure which is worse ... ),
