   i would n't move to a foreign country and not expect to have to learn the local language , so why should it be any different for the immigrants coming to canada ? 
  so , you speak iroquoian , eskimo-aleut or algic ... ? 
  we are racist and proud of it !, 
   the racist stuff gets downvoted anyway, 
  that 's not entirely correct . 
  well , i 'm not a big fan of censorship and xlii is probably overreacting . 
  otoh it 's really painful sometimes to see bigots being cheerfully upvoted ... r/canada is not the only of even most striking example - try to read comments on yahoo.ca whenever race-related article is published ... 
  oh , i 'm not in favour of xliis hatchet - just an observation not ** all ** canadians are nice , polite and bigotry-free . 
   if legal alcohol is cheaper and/or higher quality than illegal alcohol , then people will buy it legally . 
  this will include taxes , which will profit the government . 
   if consumers do n't see a point in buying legal alcohol - if it is more expensive with taxes , or lower quality than the stuff they 're used to - they will continue to buy alcohol illegally . 
  doing so will mean no tax income for the government . 
   hence , in order for the government to profit from the alcohol industry , they have to ensure that costs go down and quality goes up . 
  ftfy, 
  excellent way to weed out the idiot retailers ... 
   all vegetarians are nazis, 
  do n't know about all but i 've met plenty that are ... , 
  til dilettante thinks alcohol is produced by the government ... 
   hence , in order for the government to profit from the marijuana industry , they have to ensure that costs go down and quality goes up . 
  any self-respecting geek should be familiar with that reference ... , 
  will you volunteer to be a first carrier ... ? 
  not such a good example . 
  he is just reacting . 
   contrary to popular belief on reddit , they 're not all bad . 
  not all . 
  but the 95 % of the rotten ones give the decent 5 % the bad name ... 
  hmm ... what about threesomes ? 
  actually , it 's mr. emanuel voting with pensioners ' wallets ... 
   im sure that the two sheriff deputies that he killed/critically wounded really had a major role in the corruption that got you fired ... 
  them trying to kill him is not reason enough for ya ... ? 
   this is such a poor out look . 
  there are tens of thousands of gangstas in the united states . 
  to call them all violent lunatics if ridiculous . 
  you have met less then half a percent of them , and have heard of maybe half a percent . 
  and the only ones the media reports on are the bottom of the barrel . 
  sure there are gangs where the bad ones congregrate and even are bred , but there are also very good gangs and very good gangstas . 
  ftfy, 
   trust me , not every cop uses force or threat . 
  you sayin ' next time your dad stops me for whatever reason , i can simply walk away ... ? 
  `` accordingly all experience hath shewn , that mankind are more disposed to suffer , while evils are sufferable , than to right themselves by abolishing the forms to which they are accustomed '', 
  `` but when a long train of abuses and usurpations , pursuing invariably the same object evinces a design to reduce them under absolute despotism , it is their right , it is their duty , to throw off such government '', 
  claire wolfe said it best : `` america is at that awkward stage . 
  it 's too late to work within the system , but too early to shoot the bastards . '', 
  well , you can start shooting now if you want . 
  perhaps others will join ... 
  what makes you think the government would follow the new one ? 
  they have no problem disregarding the old one , do n't they . 
  what ? 
  do n't you know some animals are more equal ... ? 
  but obamaniacks do n't plan to ban `` all firearm types '' ( yet ) just scary looking rifles ... 
  one asteroid can not , two or more of them , though ... , 
  candidate for the list ... ? 
   i am a libertarian, 
  and i am a chinese emperor ... 
  `` i would remind you that extremism in the defense of liberty is no vice ! '', 
  _ barry goldwater _, 
   oh yes , you mean the one that was heavily subsidized by the united states government ? 
  some railroads were , some were not . 
  one of the most successful ones , great northern , was n't . 
  just because mafia built casinos does n't mean there can not be casinos without mafia ... 
  why would it surprise you ? 
  they are in the same gang ... 
  he is just pissed hannity is not shilling for the dem party ... 
  this can actually end up being a good thing . 
  it might wake up all the elmer fudds ... 
   what do you do for a living that 's so great for humanity ? 
  not killing any babies ? 
  or is it a trick question ? 
  why do you believe serving as a mercenary pawn for a bunch of psychos is `` great for humanity ? '', 
  you were nothing more than the mafia leg breaker - only much more delusional . 
  iow , deep down in your mind you recognize what you were , just not man enough to admit it even to yourself . 
  what 's your point ? 
  99 % of politicians/high ranking bureaucrats of either party are either psychopaths or crooks . 
  why single out this particular one ? 
  why would i be upset ? 
  i 'm not the one who displays severe cognitive dissonance symptoms ... 
  the happiest dude i 've ever known was a retard . 
  `` babble , babble , social contract , babble , babble ... '', 
  let 's give our valiant defenders something to do . 
  here is the list :, 
  dhs & other agencies, 
  department of homeland security ( dhs ), 
  federal emergency management agency ( fema ), 
  coast guard ( uscg ), 
  customs and border protection ( cbp ), 
  secret service ( usss ), 
  national operations center ( noc ), 
  homeland defense, 
  immigration customs enforcement ( ice ), 
  agent, 
  task force, 
  central intelligence agency ( cia ), 
  fusion center, 
  drug enforcement agency ( dea ), 
  secure border initiative ( sbi ), 
  federal bureau of investigation ( fbi ), 
  alcohol tobacco and firearms ( atf ), 
  citizenship and immigration services ( cis ), 
  federal air marshal service ( fams ), 
  transportation security administration ( tsa ),
