  miller ? 
  you call it beer ... ? 
  you mean the cellulite ... ? 
  if i wanted something that tastes like horse piss , i 'd just get horse piss ... , 
  oh sure , it 's all reagan 's fault ... barak the great and his bailouts could n't possibly have anything to do with it . 
  neither could dubya the articulategic and his wars ... 
  what about [ this ] ( http://www.epigee.org/fetal3.html ) ? 
  is this a person ? 
  it 's there to sift out the outright morons , i guess ... 
  quite frankly , i could n't figure out what your software is supposed to do ... 
  ok , it 's much clearer now  i may take a closer look after i 'm back from vacation . 
  if i do , will post my impressions . 
  he could try some variety ... 
  ok , i 've read it and still do n't know why ... all i 've learned is that one misogynist asshole happened to be a fibbie snitch ... 
   racist fuckwit or bibi netanyahu, 
  yes . 
   yes because a well armed force has never been provoked to fire by an angry civilian mob and then used for propaganda . 
  sure they [ have ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/warsaw_ghetto_uprising ) ... 
   because a preponderance of scientific evidence indicates that it does not work, 
  hmmm ... well ... the article ... 
   video showing armed `` peace activists '' attacking soldiers, 
  you mean the peace activists boarded the israeli naval vessel and attacked poor sailors ... ? 
   nothing about any of that suggests that he 's a great father . 
  but everything suggests she is a fucking bitch of a mother ... look at it this way - she have just destroyed the lives of her children , for fuck 's sake ... and she did it just out of spite , you do n't think she will ever gain her children love/respect by sending their father to jail ? 
  really ? 
  if , back when you were a teenager ( or is it still the case ? 
  ) , some woman you never knew managed to throw your folks into prison and gain the custody over you , how do you think your relationship with her would develop ... ? 
  she has a snowball in hell chance of `` reuniting '' with the children ... 
  there 's a method to that particular madness ... one knows for sure who the mother is , not always so with the father ... 
   neither of us knows how the kids are going to take to her , but that 's not the point . 
  < shrug /  do you start your relationships by sending people 's parents to jail ? 
  really ? 
  you do n't have an idea how the kids are going to react to it ... ? 
  do n't worry , you will move to the management fast ... , 
   so if squatters break into your house , start strangling you , and when you shoot them in self-defense, 
  uhmm ... , actually , the commandos were the attackers . 
  on international waters . 
  which makes them pirates . 
  and no , when the burglar breaks into your house and you fight back with a baseball bat , he is ** not ** justified in shooting you . 
  and his claims of `` self defense '' will not stand ... 
  $ 104 is not going to make a difference in my life , unlikely event of winning the jackpot , though ... 
  if the dudes were from a different street gang , would you feel the same ? 
  and your point is as lame as hu jintao arguing that companies doing business in china should follow chinese censorship laws ... iow you are a tool . 
  dear leader certainly does ... 
   hitler references, 
  my eyesight must be going , i do n't seem to see any hitler references there ... 
  oh , you mean now quotes from anybody from that era are verboten ? 
   he 's a disgrace to his uniform . 
  what does it mean ? 
  he is a disgrace to his gangsta colors ? 
  we could start with rosie 's assets ... how about that ? 
   we know the universe is expanding, 
  we do n't `` know '' that , it 's just a ( for what we know ) most fitting hypothesis ... 
  it 's not entirely impossible that what we can see now is just a tiny part of the universe which goes through some kind of weird perturbation , fooling us in the process ... 
  hey , they need money so you just got mugged ... 
  why is it horrible to suggest to ( ashkenazim ) jews to leave palestine , but it 's perfectly ok to demand mexican born chicanos to leave us ... ? 
  there 's many ( most ? ), 
  chicanos in us who were born here ... and there are those who would deny them a citizenship ... 
  it depends on how far back in time you want to go ... for many palestinians it 's still their country they were chased out of ... there 's not to many mexicans who remember california being part of their land ... 
   hucksters of flimsy bullshit that people lap up, 
  kinda like marks , heidegger , dewey , rawls , etc. . . 
  iow : you no likee - flimsy bullshit , you likee - doing philosophy well ... 
  i did n't place rand and beck in the same category , otoh you seem to do so just because you do n't like them both ... 
  and why pray tell do you believe rawls is less flimsy than rand ( other than where your sympathies lie ? ), 
  his conclusions are even more ridiculous , so how did he get to them other than being flimsy ? 
  i do n't particularly like or agree with rand , yet she seems to be much more in touch with reality than pretty much all of the dudes on my list . 
  what if i call them `` blacks , chicanos , asians and indians ? '', 
  so , basically , you are saying they have to keep ethnic-cleansing palestine because it 's politically expedient ? 
  yup , if i were to rape and murder your children , i would certainly have a legit fear of you going after my ass if you were to learn the truth ... 
  bad logic ? 
  how good a logic is `` our troops did some bad things , we need to keep this secret because if the brown people learn what we did they would retaliate ? '', 
  actually , most cubans came here through the same channels the others do - it 's just the system treating them differently ... btw : i have nothing against cubans coming here , it should just be as easy for anybody else . 
   cept like most old rules , times are different now, 
  sure they are - america become a fascist country full of nazi assholes like yourself ... 
   it 's still more classically liberal than socialist, 
  you sure we 're talking about the same country ... ? 
  i think [ ventura ] ( http://www.independentpoliticalreport.com/2010/03/jesse-ventura-i-despise-these-two-parties-theyre-ruining-our-country/ ) has it figured out ... 
   the democrats & republicans are just like hulk hogan and macho man savage , roaring and blustering and talking trash and throwing each other around the arena , all according to script , taking turns winning according to the script . 
  after the big tussle they go backstage and pat each other on the butt or whatever , then they each take their cut of our money and pass the major part on to the man . 
  we as the audience or as voters are left excited , entertained , and a little more stupid than before . 
  dunno , ask erin brockovich ... 
   libertarians have a higher concentration of climate deniers than any group, 
  ... because they are much less gullible and much smarter than any other group ... 
  iow you just said the market will solve the problem all by itself ... , 
  nope , but he stayed in holiday inn express last night ... , 
   scientists are overwhelmingly impartial and have no reason to lie or create myths . 
  scientist who are depending on the governmental grants ? 
  impartial ? 
  let me explain to you how it works , grasshopper . 
  politicians like a good scare to easier fleece the public . 
  they give grants to scientists . 
  the clever ones quickly figure out if their research shows there 's no doom and gloom coming , the grants are not renewed . 
  so their research will always show the sky is falling . 
  notice how the scientists who have already retired are much more likely to `` deny '' the world is about to end ... they no longer get grants . 
  omfg !, 
  they say so therefore it 's a gospel !, 
  you call that research ? 
  well , not physics - the market . 
  you could make a gasoline from almost any organic material . 
  we do n't do it because it 's not cost effective .
