  heck , you 're assuming the da has anything resembling conscience ... those who do at first , are very fast `` cured '' or they get fired . 
  the da 's job is to get conviction , nothing more , nothing less - the doctor dude is already dead at this point , absolutely no use for advancing da 's carrier . 
  same goes for the detective . 
  if he pinned it on the doctor his record would be ok ( case solved ) but his relationship with the da would suffer . 
  he just knows which side his bread is buttered on ... 
   if you think you are being a good neighbor by letting someone go in front of you , you are mucking up the whole system . 
  stop it . 
  these `` do-gooders '' are just asking for an accident , waving their hand and smiling . 
  your job is to sit and wait for them to comply with the rules of the four way stop . 
  soon , they will begin to frown and wave their hand frantically . 
  finally , in disgust , they will peel out and shake their fist as they go by . 
  i hate do-gooders . 
  do n't get me started on this ... , 
  yeah , bush farted causing the hike in gas ( pun intended ) price ... 
   earthquake in japan sets fire to nuclear powerstation . 
  gas prices go up !, 
   pizza hut waitress get $ 10,000 tip, 
  gas prices go up !, 
   duchovny : second `` x-files '' pic moving toward production, 
  causing the hike in gas prices !, 
   nevada couple blame internet for child neglect, 
  all together now : causing the hike in gas prices !, 
   congress is working on impeachment, 
  causing the hike in gas prices , obviously !, 
  ok i got ta stop now ... , 
   cheney pushes bush to act on iran : military solution back in favour as rice loses out, 
  causing a hike in gas prices ... sorry , could n't resist ... 
   can you tell i like living here ? 
  yup . 
  i did pigeonhole you for one that would ... < g , d & r / , 
  yeah !, 
  he even looked like dennis the menace ... 
   all prosecutors take an oath as court officers to seek justice ( not prosecutions ) and most do try to live up to that, 
  you will believe what you want to believe ... 
  i do n't see any evidence whatsoever that your bliefs are based in reality - sorry , maybe i am just the old cynical dude who 's seen too much for his good ... , 
  ot : ( perhaps ? ), 
  the happiest dude i 've ever met in my life was a fellow with iq roughly around 70 . 
  he used to work as a `` bring this here , mop up there '' in the office i worked between high school and university . 
  nothig ever seemed to bother this guy . 
  even some mean co-workers who used to make fun of him . 
  no matter what , he was alwas radiating sheer happiness ... 
  well , i could try to explain but you would n't understand anyway ... 
  why i did n't want to go into it ? 
  simple - i have yet to get the coherent ( and stable ) definition of socialism from any socialist . 
  since you seem to have taken offence at my remarks , i assume you are one . 
  my eperience with socialists so far lends me to believe the 're immune to logical arguments , they change their definitions on the fly and are really impossible to reason with . 
  but , i have to admit , you might be an exception . 
  so i 'll try : mugabe 's party zanu is maoist . 
  the latest shenigans , namely price control is an anathema to any sane free market advocate or somebody even remotely familiar with economics ( which proves nixon either was n't free market or sane . ), 
  but the price/wages control was very often policy of the socialist regimes/wannbe regimes . 
  in light of this i consider myself perfectly entitled to call it `` socialism in action . '', 
  now , as to your assertion that you could explain `` how the current problems in the us are a symptom of unbridled laissez faire capitalism and a free market : '' i would like to see that . 
  considering that american system does n't have anything to do with `` unbridled ( or otherwise ) laissez faire capitalism and a free market '' that would be an enormous feat , indeed . 
  yeah , dude !, 
  like , totally . 
  how am i ever going to recover < sob / , 
  let 's face it - we allowed women in sports only because we like to look at half naked young chicks . 
  when the start jumping half-naked we will allow it too ... , 
  i guess you have an example of free market country faring as badly as zimbabwe ? 
  why poorly ? 
  yo can clearly see that godzilla is coming from the shaking of the building ... 
   are n't you guilty of ascribing a kind of infallibility and capacity for precognition to the framers of your constitution ? 
  that 's what the process of _ amending _ the constitution is for . 
  you thinks cops are above tha law ? 
  so install cygwin , or powershell or whatever strikes your fancy ... duh !, 
  and they 're supposed to use `` disco '' when they do that ... 
  [ here ] ( http://www.informationclearinghouse.info/article6308.htm ) you can find plenty of examples when we said to bin laden `` bring it on ! '', 
  you are no doubt of the oppinion he was justified in bringing it on on 911 ? 
  or it 's moral when we do it but immoral when it 's done to us ? 
   or are you just confused ?!, 
  [ projection ? 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/psychological_projection ), 
  another projection ? 
  re : deleted posts - finally , realised you 're making ass of yourself ? 
  but shrub is on the record publicly saying ( twice ) that he 's seen the first plane hit the tower on tv * before he entered the school * try to rationalise that . 
  so far i had n't heard any remotely plausible explanation ... 
  ok , i do n't get something . 
  this was an event of some significance , i 'd say . 
  most people who 've seen first reports on tv would n't think they 've seen the plane hitting the tower . 
  they are pretty sure it was the tower alredy burning . 
  event like that tends to burn itself into your memory . 
  so it 's either bush is making things up out of the whole cloth ( for what pupose ? ), 
  or he is simply delusional . 
  or he , indeed has seen it on ( closed circuit ) tv . 
  whatever option you pick it des n't look like something that 's of no significance for the us . 
  i just find the total lack of curiosity in this case pretty curious in itself . 
  sorry , i 've displaced my reply . 
  see below, 
   i suspect there are problems in the groin area with mechanical counter-pressure . 
  there 's no reason it coud n't be fit around male genitalia . 
  the question is do we do it in the erect state or not ? 
  and what are reprcusions of either choice ... , 
  giving up water supply to one company does n't create a free market . 
  you can not seriously argue bolivia is an example of laissez faire economy ... 
  mr. buffet is without a doubt very skilled individual in picking winning stocks . 
  he would be well advised to stick to his day job . 
  what 's next ? 
  are we gon na ask mike tyson who he thinks should be the next president ? 
  i guess that depends on how you define capitalism . 
  there 's a reason i used `` free market country '' instead of `` capitalist country . '',
