  as soon as you invent the mind reader you can point it at shrub and read by yourself ... , 
  you have a proof it 's not ... ? 
   defund npr, 
  this always baffled me - you guys love npr but are unwilling to cough up a few pennies to keep it running as an independent entity ? 
  why do you want the government funding ? 
  when there 's man 's money at stake there are ** always ** strings attached ... 
  why not go the whole nine yards and just nationalize everything ... ? 
  i always wondered , if the minimum wage is such a swell idea and is `` helping the poor \u2122 '' , why do n't we set it at something like $ 50.00 an hour - this would , certainly , move all poor people straight into higher middle class !, 
   mutually exclusive . 
  why ? 
  expand does not mean grow . 
  consider this : suppose the universe is infinite , also suppose the `` expansion '' as we observe it extends into infinity as well . 
  that means that the distance between astronomical objects grows with time . 
  how would infiniteness of the universe be affected by it ? 
  why would it be impossible ? 
  there 's nothing that would contain the expansion , after all ... 
  i do n't get it , so it 's more important for the poor to get the mail than the water ? 
  is that so ? 
  let 's say you have a set ( in a set theory sense ) containing all the natural numbers . 
  it 's obviously infinite . 
  now you start adding the negative numbers one by one . 
  still infinite , yet getting `` more of itself '' ... 
  well , considering that vicodin is a mix of an opiate and the known liver poison ... 
  hmmm ... let 's see ... if chinese bought 80 % of the land in delaware and then `` settled '' the remaining 20 % and said it now belongs to china , you would have no problemo with it either , i suppose ... / s, 
  i was n't talking about adding a number to infinity . 
  i was adding the elements to a ( already infinite ) set ... look at it as a ( infinite ) `` bag '' with an infinite number of pebbles in it . 
  you can throw in more pebbles and it 's still gon na contain an infinite number of pebbles ... 
   how can disagreements with ron paul on his pro-life stance not conflict with your views about freedom and liberty ? 
  how come the so called `` progressives '' can absolve all the other candidates of a desire to kill large numbers of brown people and jail large number of americans for using/cultivating unapproved plants , yet the topic of abortion ( which presidents can do pretty much nothing about anyways ) is the reason enough to oppose the only candidate who wants ( and whose track record gives reasonable guarantee he would ) end those atrocities ... 
  guess , killing brown people and jailing potheads is very low on progressives ' list of concerns ... 
  darwin in action ? 
  nope , he is just an asshole ... 
  coolidge was n't too bad ... 
  they might if the repub in question is ron paul ... 
  no surprise here . 
  [ it takes a lot of money to run a police state . 
  to avoid arguments over it i just write myclass & x ( or myclass * x ) ... 
  hmmm ... how do you explain cnn , then ... ? 
  well , i 'm kinda assuming anybody reading the code knows c++ syntax to a certain degree . 
   and no , just my personal preference . 
  one rule of the safe gun handling spells : `` all guns are always loaded . '', 
  obviously , it does n't say that all guns are always literally loaded , it means it pays to always treat them as if they were loaded ... 
  or the other example `` all honey badgers are aggressive , dangerous , wild animals . '', 
  you may object to it on the same grounds , bet you would n't try to pet a random honey badger ... 
  what good is loaded weapon when you clean it ? 
   how about you explain to me why the ussr monitored those missions and yet did nothing to expose the `` hoax '' ? 
  i suspect i 'll get no answer to that one , i never do . 
  frankly , that 's not necessary a good argument . 
  if we knew how many cosmonauts there were before gagarin , we could make it into `` mutually assured embarrassment '' scenario ... , 
   pot can potentially be a very dangerous substance, 
  so can water ... not to mention gin . 
  he is a lizard , for goodness sake ... , 
  how many innocent people is it ok to lock in a cage for their life ? 
  the system needs to change to avoid innocents being convicted . 
  death penalty has a benefit of having much more likelihood of overturning wrongful convictions , with mandatory appeals and much more public scrutiny . 
  if there were cars blocking traffic , the owners of the cars should be given parking tickets , not the homeowners ... 
  they were n't blocking any traffic - their guests were . 
  and the ones doing the actual blocking should be given tickets . 
  seems you did n't really read my comment , did you . 
  anyways , is it ok to lock the innocent dude up for life if we can save some money ? 
  is that what you are saying ? 
   they are basically neutral electrons . 
  uhmm ... nope . 
  perhaps they have a troll filter ... 
  sorry , it 's not possible to explain it in a short reddit post . 
  you could just google it , though . 
  they are both leptons but that 's where the similarities end ... 
  indeed . 
  they are not the only offender , though . 
  were all the democrats publicly disowning [ this guy ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/piss_christ ) ? 
  democrats are hateful bastards !, 
  well , in this case it seems republicans were really vocal condemning the dude but democrats mostly defended him ... des it mean republicans are anti-muslim hateful bastards and democrats anti-christian ones ? 
  you really have nothing else to bitch ( pun intended ) about than republican bitch name ? 
  how about asking all religions to stop fucking whine if someone `` offends '' them ? 
  if your religion is so vulnerable to the insults , maybe you should change religion to more resilient one ... 
  hmmm ... 
  seems all the worry about mortgage backed securities being unsound was just a bullshit . 
  they are all as sound as ss !, 
   how is relating the government to a mob anything but scare tactics, 
  how is government fundamentally different from mob ? 
  herp-derp vote ... ? 
  will you accept the mob 's legitimacy if they give you a vote ( here , not-steve , you can pick between don gotti and don gambino , happy now ? ), 
  hmm ... 40 years vs 4 millennia ... hard to decide ... 
   it 'll completely expose us government hypocrisy on this issue, 
  you mean it was hidden ... ? 
  say it a few more times , ignore all responses , and bitch even more about getting downvoted ... 
  i got to this point :, 
   before the knee jerk brigade gets all clicky ,, 
  and then i got all clicky ... 
  it is extremely rude to post and then , after people respond , delete the post/account . 
  especially if the responses are all informative and friendly ... 
   a community will build a factory that everyone will own, 
  `` a community '' is an abstraction , it can not build anything . 
  it takes the actual persons to do the building . 
  `` everyone will own '' is a meaningless concept . 
  if i own my thing i can do with it as i please . 
  i can destroy it , paint it over , nail a doohickey to it , you name it . 
  if `` everyone '' owns the thing do you mean everybody is allowed to do those things to it ? 
   in hijackings pre-9 / 11 it was sop for a pilot to accede to the demands of a hijacker . 
  to the demands as `` fly to acapulco '' , yes .
