  besides , do n't you believe we are greedy bastards ? 
  just throw enough money at us and we will sell what you need ... , 
   obama claims to be a liberal . 
  he 's actually a crony-capitalist . 
  and romney claims to be a conservative . 
  he 's actually a crony-capitalist . 
  from the comments :, 
   once again , i must say that i do not fly or even set foot in an airport . 
  how people keep from beating the crap out of tsa agents that do this sort of thing is a mystery to me . 
   you have either business travelers who do n't really have much of a choice unless they want to quit their jobs during a recession . 
  or you have people using their vacation or holidays and savings to get away or see family and they do n't want to miss that rare opportunity or lose their money . 
  ** you want to see change , raise a million dollars , go to a poor black neighborhood and give away a free flight , hotel , and meals to a thousand people on a weekend with the caveat that they ca n't sell them . 
  by the following monday morning the tsa rules will be changed . 
  ** [ _ emphasis mine _ ], 
   if we ever get anarchy , watch out for those fucking statists, 
  ftfy, 
  quite frankly , i have mixed feelings about this . 
  on one side it 's , obviously , example of cops believing `` some animals are more equal , '' on the other i do n't see how doing 100mph on an expressway is really a big deal , esp considering what kind of cars were involved . 
  `` death race ? '', 
  really . 
   we 'll set up border checkpoints at 1000 borders within our country . 
  why do you insist on doing that ? 
  what are you afraid of ? 
   you 'd sell stuff to raping slave owners ? 
  well , as soon as there is a way for emancipation , the remaining `` citizens '' are there voluntarily . 
  it 's no longer a rape if it 's consensual, 
   people trafficing in things we 've decided are illegal ... drugs , guns , sex slaves ... etc. 
  and how is an ancap dude any more `` danger '' than redneck cooking meth ? 
  you do n't keep border patrols around redneck trailers , do you ? 
   according to the lot of them we 're only here voluntarily in that we 've been brainwashed by the education system, 
  sure . 
  still it is voluntary ( for the brainwashed out there . ), 
  all we would do is try to educate ... 
  hey , you have this kind of system already - all foreign diplomats are pretty much treated by your state like emancipated ancaps . 
  somehow your poor state seems to be able to survive this atrocity  and we do n't even want the total diplomatic immunity - you still would be able to prosecute if there 's a victim ... 
  you do n't really keep police on the redneck land , do you . 
  you only send police when you suspect rednecks behaving badly . 
  so if ancap is selling meth , you can still intercept the buyers ( if they are yours ) and do whatever you want with them . 
  if the ancap is selling meth to other ancaps it 's not any of your business ... 
   do you honestly believe that possession of an assault rifle ( or any heavier weaponry ) is going to be a legitimate check on the power of the government ? 
  depends . 
  it might , to a degree in certain circumstances ... 
   do you think you can take down an unmanned drone you never see coming with an ar-15 ? 
  but i can take down the dude who 's controlling it . 
  and i 'd rather use model 700 in .308 ... 
   do you think you could win against government ? 
  happens from time to time ... ask gaddafi ... 
   if it 's a check on government power , when does one actively use their weapons to fight back against the tyranny ? 
  that 's something you have to decide for yourself ... or go with the crowd . 
   also gaddafi does n't have the weaponry the us military does . 
  you mean is shtf , the president is gon na nuke dc ? 
  it 's not hostile to `` super rich . '', 
  it 's hostile to the `` not so rich '' who are making money and getting rich ... 
  well , it 's chack schumer being chuck schumer ... what 's new ? 
  give me one good reason why do you believe the state ( that means elected politicians + unelected bureaucrats ) has any incentive to do something that 's `` good for the people ? '', 
  not to mention how can they know what that would be ... 
   i would call my self probably 85 % republican , 5 % independent , and 15 % libertarian . 
  wow . 
  so , you are 105 % ... , 
  he is not attacking you , just observing you had to chose some answers that put you in the mittens ' corner ... perhaps he guessed wrong which answers they were . 
  but in general , to answer your question about libertarians , we tend to simply be `` live and let live '' types . 
  i do n't think they really failed . 
  perhaps did n't have enough time to prove the concept . 
   probably not voting for him, 
  so , who will you be voting for ? 
  ( assuming rp does n't make it ), 
   because the state is the people . 
  obviously not true , common propaganda notwithstanding . 
   the state is needed to facilitate the actions of the people and to protect them ; not only from criminals and other nations but also from the adverse effects of the free market . 
  let 's see : the `` free market '' is simply people voluntarily exchanging goods and services . 
  so , the only way to `` protect '' them from `` adverse effects '' is to prohibit some of the exchange , tax it or mandate it . 
  when dude a trades with dude b it 's because they both see the gain from the trade . 
  how is dude c ( government ) messing with the exchange going to improve the outcome ? 
  and why would he ( dude c ) act to benefit `` the people '' instead of himself ? 
  ok , so if their reporting is incorrect , you should have no problem to find some citations to the contrary ... 
   i 'm confused as to how more strict gun control works in other countries, 
  and how do you know that ? 
   americans would rather live with huge numbers of gun deaths each year, 
  as opposed to `` knife deaths '' or `` hatchet deaths '' or any other deaths ... ? 
  why the hoplophobes dread `` gun deaths '' over any other kind ? 
  do you believe being strangled or beaten to death is preferable to being shot ? 
  first : you have n't addressed the issue walden42 raised , are guns used to prevent crime more ( 24 times ) than to commit crime . 
  second : how come victim disarmament advocates use the absolutely meaningless `` gun homicide '' or `` gun violence '' statistics . 
  is death by means other than guns preferable ? 
  would you be ok with 50 stabbings if you could eliminate 49 shootings ? 
   i should of spell checked my post . 
  should have *, 
   anyone who does n't think the way you do is either stupid or wrong . 
  well ... how do i break it to you ... 
  in matters of logic there 's no `` different opinion , '' either you are correct or you are wrong . 
  that could be because you are `` stupid . '', 
  or perhaps just misinformed . 
   i do recognize the good police departments do . 
  like ? 
  ... which could be done by bounty hunters as well , only cheaper ... besides that 's very tiny part of what they are doing . 
  do bounty hunters make laws ? 
  that 's the first i heard . 
  the obvious advantage of bounty hunters ( besides being cheaper ) is that they are held accountable for any `` mistakes '' they make . 
  unlike cops . 
   libertarianism is a movement of limited government , not a movement for the complete removal of government .
