  the pigs did n't even bother to investigate , so how can they say shots were _ not _ fired ? 
  or just refrain from buying stuff made in chima - seems like that 's what people are doing ... 
  i do n't know , he said the black guys in the ad are sprinters , they 're supposed to signify speed ... look at the world fastes sprinters - they happen to be black ... perhaps reality is racist . . ? 
   how is that possible ? 
  jane $ 0, 
  john $ 0, 
  jill $ 100, 
  jim $ 100, 
  jazz $ 150, 
  joe $ 150, 
  june $ 200, 
  jack $ 400, 
  average $ 600, 
  so what . 
  you are thinking in outdated `` what 's not explicitely forbidden is allowed '' paradigm . 
  we are moving fast into `` what 's not explicitely allowed is verboten '' one ... 
  they learned from 1984 - the sooner you start loving big brother the easier live 's gon na be for you ... 
  what do you mean `` good joke ? '', 
  i do n't buy any food from china , until i 'm convinced it 's safe ... and no , fda label is n't enough ... , 
   most computers are made in china , and i 'm sure they have all sorts of toxic chemicals inside them ... 
  i do n't eat them ... besides no matter where they are from they contain pretty much the same stuff ... 
  of course getting rid of public `` education '' would be beneficial for americans . 
  as with any service , those who value it would gladly pay for it , and also help to pay for those who can not afford it . 
  those who do n't value it would n't have to be herded in classrooms , disrupting learning of others . 
  because not everybody is a selfish bastard , perhaps ... ? 
  contrary to popular beliefs , public education was n't always part of life in america . 
  and , as de tocqueville observed to his amasement , americans were much better educated than europeans back then ... 
  that 's quite consistent ... everytime the government moves to fix a `` problem , '' the outcome is ... < drum rolls /  ... worse problem !, 
   this abc news/washington post poll was conducted by telephone, 
  that explains it ... only people with dementia still have land phone lines ... , 
   land phone lines are cheaper than most mobile phone plans . 
  but more expensive than some ... 
   and many people do n't want to be bothered by phone calls when they leave the house to go somewhere . 
  uhm ... every cell phone has a little button to switch it off ... 
  but you 're right , you can not possibly need cell phone in a nursing home ... < g , d & r / , 
  i hate o'reilly ... but i hate gutless wusses even more . 
  no more shopping home depot for me ... 
  that 's why you need a shotgun in your house ... 
  it was n't a troop it was a pig ... 
  hey , they made their decision , i made mine ... 
  and yes , gutless wusses : they advertised there because there 's a large segment of viewers who watch it ( businnes decision . ), 
  now , that bunch of vocal wacko lefties made stink about it , they pulled the ads ( knee-jerk , gutless , wussy decision . ), 
  it is going to hurt them , because they just alienated rednecks ... now guess who buys more home depot type stuff - pencilnecks or rednecks ? 
  you do n't understand - wise leader mugabe is converting zimbabwe 's poor into multi-millionaires . 
  that 's much more than marks promised ... 
  i did n't get scared , i got pissed ... 
  did they pull ad from somewhere because of whining of bunch of bigmouths ... ? 
  i do n't fly , anyways , do n't enjoy attention of amateur proctologists ... 
  they do n't have to watch , all they need is to hear home depot ( and lowes ) got scared by bunch of whining commies ... and anything hd/lowes sells can be bought elsewere , if with a little more trouble ... 
  everything in a due time ... 
  emotional ? 
  sure . 
  how ? 
  i do n't object to their ad policies - does n't bother me where they do or do n't advertise . 
  what bothers me is their spineless giving up to whining of bunch of assholes . 
  even if it was ... let 's see ... rosie show and the whining assholes they surrendered to were libertarians , it would still piss me off ... ( yes , i consider myself libertarian , and i consider rosie one of the most repugnant non-politicians alive . ), 
  just because you do n't mind snivelling little spineless corporate whores does n't mean i am the only one that does . 
   you seem to view the business and the public as adversaries . 
  that 's an unusual point of view . 
  you want home depot to stick to business as usual in spite of how people outside the business feel about that, 
  you 've got it all wrong , it 's not `` business vs public , '' it 's `` business vs small bunch of vocal assholes . '', 
  what is a biggest puzzle to me is reddit 's fucking reaction . 
  you guys are fucking first to whine that msm are feeding us pabulum instead of some real discussion about real issues ... 
  but you do n't undersand what discussion is ( no , it 's not michael moore and al gore kissing each other butts . ), 
  funny thing , anytime there 's some voice that generates some controversy , one side or the other is gon na screem to silence it . 
  be it chomski or o'reilly ( although i do n't see how anybody can take this guy seriously ) or ward churchill , bunch of assholes are starting a drive to shut them up ( again , why * any fucking body * would feel so insecure as to be afraid of the fucking oppinion of the fucker like o'reilly , is beyond my comprehension . ), 
  then you have a spineless businesses executives who pulls an ad at the first sight of controversy , and the dimwits applaud ... 
  the effect : fucking media avoids any topics that can rub some group or another the wrong way . 
  paris hilton ftw !, 
   yet you 're planning to change your own habits because of the feelings of people who are not you . 
  no , i am changing my actions ( not habits ) because of _ action _ of the business in question ... 
  conflict of interest , perhaps ? 
  nancy pelosi for president 2007 !, 
  a dark day for journalism , my ass ... there 's no real journalism in msm anymore anyways ... 
  of course it 's gon na help enemies ... cheney 's enemies ... , 
  is that a threat ? 
   i was under the impression that protectionism and corporate subsidy have been cornerstones of capitalism since its genesis . 
  that 's fascism , capitalism ( at least originally ) is supposed to be a free market economic system ... sadly , never really had a chance . 
   bastiat is way off : he seems to imply that socialists are anti-atheist and anti-education . 
  both laughably false . 
  nope . 
  you are the one that 's way off . 
  re-read the quote , apply the context ( mid xixth century france ) and you might get the meaning ... 
   government 's bullying task force, 
  is n't that redundant ... ? 
  so they are gutless wusses as well . 
  and deserve to be boycotted ... 
  like ? 
  what do you mean by `` myth of [ ... ] free market ? '', 
  is philosophy of non-violence also a myth ? 
  there are no non-violent countries after all ... 
  and corporatism is `` protectionism and corporate subsidy '' ... so how is it `` completely different '' again ? 
  between santa and [ ded moroz ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ded_moroz ) ... 
   you clearly do n't understand what marxism is . 
  or , maybe , `` armchair marxists '' like you do n't ... tell us , how come this scenario plays ( ed ) itself all the time :, 
  marxists seizes power in a country . 
  armchair marxists applaud . 
  the country goes to dogs . 
  armchair marxists say it was n't _ real _ marxism ... 
  well , i was n't thinking in a `` bloody '' terms ... more like in the `` economy vanishes '' terms ... and there 's not to many examples of * laissez-faire * proponents getting into power , vaclav havel being the only one i can think of ...
