  and what could tell you if doctor is competent in a free market ? 
  what about oppinion of other patients , perhaps also his diploma or lack thereof , perhaps some kind of rating of `` madical customer report ? '', 
   this is an example of the freemarket . 
  you kidding , right ? 
  i mean it 's * exactly * the problem with licensing - the `` licensor '' can be fucking corrupt ... 
  in a free market there would be no way to * license * somebody to pollute - they pollute , you suffer , you sue . 
  here the stupid mayor can threaten to sue but he is going to lose - they 've got the license ... 
   i 'm talking about an easy test to get general readings to figure out which batches . 
  also , not everybody has $ 210/day just to go around testing things ... do you ? 
  210 is the rental fee . 
  i could not find out how much they were . 
  that was the first google hit ... try it and i can guarantee you 're gon na find more/cheaper ones . 
  but it 's much deeper issue - you are afraid of something and instead of paying for tests to alleviate your paranoia , you are willing to send armed guys to steal my money to pay for your `` peace of mind . '', 
  not very nice !, 
  well , let 's suppose you are right . 
  if all those agencies are making you safer and there 's real demand for them , why ca n't you make it voluntary ? 
  you know , you buy only stuff `` inspected and regulated '' ( obviously , paying premium for it ) from businesses that pay these agencies for certification . 
  if it 's such a valuable service there will be lot of demand for it . 
  why do you insist to make some thugs steal money from me , and kill me if i do n't roll over ? 
  i do n't want these services , i can make my choices for myself , thank you very much . 
  what would you say if i told you don giovanni provides valuable `` protection , '' and you have to pay for it wether you like it or not . 
  guido is gon na show up for the first instalment tommorow . 
  and you think the good daddy government is gon na protect you from big bad corporate wolf ? 
  i 'd rather look into voluntary solutions ... 
  ever looked on the underside of any appliance ? 
  chances are you 'll see small sticker with ul in it . 
  know what it means ? 
  there are also some others , usually starting with f. guess what the `` underwriters labs '' one is the one that really counts - the other ones just tell you manufacturer filled couple of forms and paid some fees and perhaps designed to comply with some outdated , irrelevant regulations ... 
  btw nothing , * absolutely nothing * about corporate abuses is going to beat government ... the most evil corporation you can name might be responsible for at most thousands of deaths ... at least half of the existing governments can easily trump it ... 
  if you promise not to come back i 'll gladly pay for the one way ticket for you ... 
  you are even dumber than your handle , richard ... you see that little thingie at the end of my post ? 
  it 's a winkie ... now go back to your sandbox ... 
  so , you have n't learned about the birds and the bees yet ... , 
   the democrats ' good fortune is much more the result of a republican collapse than a democratic revival . 
  the march pew poll shows that the proportion of people who express a positive view of the democratic party has actually declined by six points since january 2001 . 
  it 's just that the proportion of people who express a positive view of the republican party has declined by 15 points . 
  the democratic-controlled congress is even more unpopular than the bush white house , with the lowest approval rating in 35 years . 
  probably the most important paragraph ... democraps are perceived as a lesser of two greater evils ... maybe we should revive the ole american custom of tarring-and-feathering ... ? 
   the point of reducing co2 emissions is not to stop temperature from changing , it 's to stop us from changing it so drastically that we have a humanitarian and environmental disaster, 
  but we do n't know how it would change without our emissions ... to tell the truth we hardly know anything about the way climate works . 
  historically , earth was much more often pretty cold , much colder we want it to be ... we do n't really know what causes cyclical ice ages ( we have some hypotheses , but do n't _ really _ know . ), 
  we can not even precisely predict coming of the next one , for all we know it might be pretty soon . 
  our climate right now is not at the extreme -- even mid-holocene ( the current interglacial ) was much warmer than now . 
  there were even warmer interglacials before ... yet , somehow , the earth did n't get `` destroyed . '' quite the contrary , the biosphere seemed to flourish in the warmest periods , while the cold ones were often disastrous . 
  so , as we are likely due to enter the next ice age , i 'd say if co2 we contribute to the atmosphere is really having warming effect , it might as well ameliorate to a certain degree the catastrophe . 
  quite frankly , i 'd rather have orange groves in upstate ny than half a mile of ice over the head ... 
  you sure seem to be obsessed with the guy ... 
   it was n't clear whether the bill was a mistake , or if yahaya 's father 's phone line was used illegally after after his death, 
  even assuming somebody talked non stop on this phone the whole time , using the most expensive sex phone service , it 's some 200 days * 24 hours * 60 min = 288000 minutes . 
  that would make it over $ 750 million a minute ... fuck , the phone service ai n't cheap over there ... 
  and i 'm pure ... , 
   free-market economics does n't work this is just another example of why you need govt . 
  regulations, 
  so , let me get it right : government gives time warner a monopoly on service in certain area . 
  government regulates this service . 
  time warner charges you extra $ 0.23 for something you do n't need . 
  and this is an example how free market does n't work and how government is helping you with your class struggle ... ? 
   climate change is a strictly short-time ( in the order of decades , maybe centuries ) human problem, 
  but we do n't know when the holocene will end ... it could be a matter of `` decades , maybe centuries . '', 
  geological records suggest previous interglacials ended quite rapidly ... 
   but what if the sea levels rise and destroy nyc ? 
  then the newyorkers will have to move , i guess ... they will have to move if it gets covered with the tons of ice too . 
  the difference being in case of the warming there will be lots of newly habitable land they can move to ... in case of ice age they will have to compete with current occupants of the shrinking habitat and the hordes of dispossesed from all over the world ... 
   if climate change can raise some awareness about the general unsustainability of human lifestyle , then why not use it that way, 
  now you are preaching ... what `` unsustainability ? '', 
  this gospell is almost as old as the human race , with different bugaboos . 
  but , quite consistently , all the past doomsayers were proven wrong . 
  what makes the current bunch any more credible ? 
   funny how you called it a free market . 
  i did ? 
  perhaps you should reread ... 
  judging by some republians in the news lately and clinton 's known `` hobbies , '' they might want to perform `` something '' on clinton - to the mutual satisfaction ...  some might even pay $ 20 ... 
  ehm ... the popularity of the other comic is not because it uses stick figures , it 's because it is actually funny ... 
  some people just do n't get volunteering , they think if something is good it should be either compulsory or paid by government ... 
   obviously not in the us, 
  pigs are the same all over the world ... 
   he used it right, 
  only if he was screwing a principal and has just pulle out ... 
  i take the word of the drug dealing pimp over a pig any time ... 
  ca n't be true , michael moore tells us cubans have it better than americans . 
  who do you believe - moore or your lying eyes ? 
  would you also complain if somebody cited lincoln ? 
  hmm ... talking lolkatzease , alluding to the past terrorist activities ... definitely more threatening than flour ... how are our gloriuos defenders from unified three letter agencies to know you are not a terrorist ? 
   what determines when an animal is a pet and when it is n't ? 
  the correct question is not `` what , '' it 's `` who . '', 
  answer : some self-important asshole working for some self-important government agency , basing his decision on a whim ( his or some other asshole 's above him in pecking order . ), 
  i 'm 51 and i feel insulted ... , 
   the caller did what they are supposed to do , report something out of the ordinary to officials, 
  you were growing up in east germany ? 
  911 changed everything !, 
  mere law does n't apply anymore . 
   in other words , your source is a liar . 
  a huge fucking liar who made things up that she could n't possibly have actually seen in her place of work in the three days she worked there . 
  ok she might be just that . 
  but do you contest her description of the procedure ? 
  how would _ you _ describe what usually happens during this kind of procedure ? 
  that 's the most inane argument on the `` believers '' side . 
  so , how did allies get away with the much greater [ conspiracy ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_bodyguard ) ? 
  squeamish much ? 
  never happened to the down syndrome fetuses ?
