  no magic involved at all . 
  create the stored proc to calculate the date , rename the original table , create view from the original table but getting the date from the proc ... voila , that will be $ 100 . 
  he started early ... , 
  i would venture a guess that the medieval serfs did n't think their position in life had anything wrong with it either . 
  basically , you assume you have no right to self-defense ( since you do n't see anything `` dystopian '' in your government denying you proper tools ) and that the government 's agents ( nobles ? ), 
  are `` more equal '' than you . 
  my guess : it has liens on it way exceeding it 's market value . 
  you buy it , you assume the debt ... 
  is n't west virginia completely unconstitutional either ... ? 
  re-read your post , ponder on it and , perhaps you might understand what i mean ... 
  is n't a dick just an overgrown clit ... ? 
  hmm ... question akin to `` which do you prefer : bullet through your knee or sharp stick through your eye . '', 
   i still think you 're an idiot, 
  i know , i talk like a fag and my shit is all retarded ... 
  if it 's in oil , it 's `` fried '' not `` boiled '' ... and they do taste pretty good ... , 
  that thingie that 's almost obstructing the view ... , 
  you do n't get it . 
  there 's a maser beam fence above it ... , 
   apparently some people really think the second amendment is correct because the second amendment is an amendment to the constitution though . 
  not sure what you mean by `` correct '' but , incidentally , it is the law of the land . 
  not a big fan of logic either ... 
  that 's kinda the point of the first amendment ... popular views do n't need protecting . 
  how is it circular again ? 
  do n't feed the troll ... 
   who cares about the environmentalists ? 
  ftfy, 
  but it does n't make ford less of an asshole ... if for different reasons . 
  failed false flag ? 
   the beer is budweiser select, 
  sorry , it 's either beer xor budweiser ... can not be both , 
   in a finite world, 
  technically , correct . 
  practically - the mass of the observable universe is ( according to wolfram alpha ) 3 * 10 ^ 55g . 
  that 's a lot of resources ... 
   system that relies upon exponential economic growth, 
  says who ? 
  the common mistake is extrapolating existing short ( relatively ) trends ... 
   where is the continued increase in demand for energy and non-renewable resources going to come from ? 
   it allows for the allocation of resources that is perceived to be the most `` efficient '', 
  it 's amazing how people ( even economists ) have absolutely no understanding of `` market '' . 
  objectively , there 's no such thing as `` efficient allocations of resources . '', 
  to decide if something was `` allocated efficiently '' you have to know what were the ( subjective , sometimes even unconscious ) goals/desires of the actors . 
  no one but the actors themselves can know that . 
  so , any other ( then by market ) mode of `` allocation of resources '' have to , necessarily , satisfy goals of `` deciders '' ... iow the `` masters '' get to satisfy their desires and we peasants have to pay for it all ( and be happy we get the crumbs from the table , if we are lucky ) ... 
   just kidding ... 
   not to mention the difficulty any company will have getting fda approval . 
  well , they just need to relocate to a more friendly environment . 
  i bet there would be enough patients willing to go to , say , hong-kong for a new heart ... 
   hitler was never elected . 
  the office of the chancellor was not elected office . 
  hitler 's party had a highest minority in the parliament , it was quite natural he got the office ... 
   hitler then did everything in his power to prevent majority rule while consolidating power in his office, 
  incidentally , always according to law ... 
  is ` one people , one leader ' to follow ... ? 
   every deluded one of us ... 
  ftfy, 
  deficits are the result of spending more than getting in revenue : nothing less , nothing more ... 
  it 's been bipartisan effort for years now ... 
  spending more on everything than we can get in revenue ... 
  it was a sheriff , not a cop ... 
  did you try to read tfa/tfcs ... ? 
  bacteria ca n't think , we can ( or at least enough of us can ) ... 
   exponential growth, 
  hmm ... there seem to be no exponential nor even linear growth in europe ... perhaps you are not entirely correct in your assumptions . 
   exhaustion of resources can not be avoided by only a small percentage of the population `` thinking '', 
  actually , yes it can . 
  let 's put it in simpler terms : statism does n't work , it 's time for getting rid of states ... 
  i see you did n't mind lenin much ... , 
  sure , there 's no crime in canada ... < snicker / , 
  sure you can . 
  we are just doing it wrong . 
  ferinstance if some dude a in faraway country sends a bomber to obliterate your family , you do n't go after dude b , c or d just because they happen to share the country of birth with dude a. 
  you also do n't go bombing civilian targets in dude a 's country . 
  you go after dude a. i know it 's not always easy ... but where 's a will there 's a way . 
  if you can not do it yourself , there 's probably lot of other dudes like yourself - you could just chip-in together to hire a professional to do the deed ... 
  first , it never works that way . 
  second , at that point you 're becoming a murderous asshole yourself ... 
   not many fucking people here drive/walk around with fucking armed weapons, 
  iow they are used to the mindset of being potential victims ... 
   that is a sad god damn way to live, 
  why ? 
  if you have a fire extinguisher in your house/car is it a `` sad god damn way to live ? '', 
  if you buy a home insurance is it `` a sad god damn way to live ? '', 
   if they had the mindset of being a victim they would protect themselves, 
  they would if they could . 
  but your government is not allowing them the option . 
  if what you said was true there would be no need to ban handguns , would there . 
   they are not doing , because they are not being victimized, 
  so , make up your mind . 
  either there is no crime and people are not being victimized , or there is crime and they are being victimized but resigned themselves to the role of a potential victim . 
   so imo it is a sad way to live to have the need to always carry a tool with you with which to kill people, 
  no matter how rare there , are situations where a tool to `` kill people '' might be handy . 
  not necessary always to actually `` kill people '' but more often as a deterrent . 
  but i guess you are one of those who would rather see a girl raped and strangled in an alley than allow her means of self defense ... 
   i mean , if i was worried that that was even a possibility in my country , i 'd move . 
  very likely that 's what germans in weimar republic were thinking ... 
  remember the old saying `` the pen is mightier than the sword ? '', 
  look at it this way : a nutcase with a gun can kill some 30-40 people max ( and that only if he picks one of the `` victim disarmament zones '' ) an asshole with a bullhorn can start a riot and kill hundreds . 
  an asshole with a pen and bullhorn can write a book/manifesto and start a movement to kill millions . 
  so , after you institute the registration for all means of communication , then come back and talk about registering guns .
