  do n't forget the nukes !, 
   also ... he was fucking little children . 
  the little children had to be burned because of that ... !, 
  are you iranian mullah ? 
   david koresh would be deemed crazy by the overwhelming majority of the planet, 
  did n't know we still burn the crazies ( and all associates of them , including children . ), 
  not to mention , that kind of allegations are in the local/state jurisdiction , not federal . 
  also neither of those alleged crimes has burning to death with the whole family/friends as a punishment ... 
  not really - most of the `` outrage '' as you call it , was directed at `` evil '' koresh . 
  all the actual perps got promoted to the bipartizan applause of rush limbaughs and dan rathers ... 
  methinks op talks about `` official , media outrage . '', 
  there were none . 
  other than directed at `` evil cult leader . '', 
   neither the waffen ss nor the wehrmacht rigged the place to explode . 
  the fault lies entirely with the religious fanatics inside the ghetto . 
  they performed human scarifices , of their own free will . 
  ftfy, 
  you mean they should have known ( despite cavanaugh 's assurance the government wants to end this thing peacefully ) fbi/atf is going to burn them all to death ? 
   waco incident is nothing like sandy hook, 
  ... other than deranged psychopath ( s ) killing bunch of innocent children ... 
   the atf did n't douse the entire place in gasoline and strike the match !, 
  nope . 
  they just pumped the place full of poisonous flammable gas and fired some incendiary rounds into it ... 
   how can anyone compare waco to some nut job shooting up a school ? 
  dunno ... some nut job shooting up a school vs. bunch of psychopathic nazis burning down the church ... nope , no comparison at all ... 
  you 've been there and seen them doing it ? 
  ( slightly ) ot : anybody in the know if firing the regular pistol/revolver under water is possible ? 
  i have seen some people saying they did that but it was always my understanding it would just damage the firearm ... 
  were they going to name the street `` mandela necklace ? '', 
  meh , after bill clinton called himself a libertarian nothing 's gon na surprise me ... hell , there 's plenty of folks here , calling themselves libertarians , who are not any closer to being ones than juan ... 
   the use of `` honey traps '' , luring targets into compromising positions using sex . 
  never did that to me . 
  bastards !, 
  just to rub it in : i have a tablet with t-mobile , plan is $ 30 for 2g ( throttling afterwards ) and it 's working in canada ( and some other 100 countries ) without any extra charges ... 
  you mean dyxlesci ? 
  you mean you have already read one ... < g , d & r / , 
  `` jew '' has a dual meaning - it 's a religious affiliation but also an ethnicity . 
  what materhern probably means is the ethnic ( ashkenazim ) jews of today are not quite the same people as the ethnic jews of the bible ( that distinction belongs more to today 's palestinians and sephardim jews . ), 
   made worse by the fuel etc needed to move the ship, 
  that 's because you are still thinking in terms of chemical fuel ... think fusion , or even antimatter . 
  have you considered getting an apu ? 
  well , that 's not news - they 've been doing it for a long time ... < s / , 
  is there anything that 's not illegal in california ? 
  because you have to factor in the cost of hiring expensive consultants to fix the mess the kids out of college screwed up ... , 
  just do n't relay on `` the system '' to prepare you for anything - you have to take your education into your own hand . 
  the best programmers i worked with were more often than not without degrees ... 
  dunno ... do you consider developing computer vision software in c++ `` low tech ? '', 
  that 's what i 'm currently doing , and no , i do n't have a degree ... 
   their method of generating fusion wont ever be used in real reactors ,, 
  there 's no reason why it would n't be used in a fusion drives , though ... 
  i do n't believe it really requires that many people - frozen sperm/eggs would take care of the genetic diversity , having constant acceleration through the trip would shorten it to a quite reasonable timeframe ( from the colonist 's perspective , ) taking care of the free-fall problems at the same time . 
   but rocket based interstellar travel ? 
  i do n't expect that to happen . 
  oh , it will happen . 
  the question is when . 
   so , tell me all about why you love you 're little pistol . 
  so , tell me why are you afraid of inanimate objects ? 
  depends what you mean by `` rocket . '', 
  is fusion drive a `` rocket '' in your books ? 
  so why do n't you think it 's feasible to travel to the nearby stars using a fusion drive ? 
  well , seems like you have answered your own question ... so , what else do you want to know ? 
   the fusion reactor simply provides electricity . 
  who is talking about fusion reactor ? 
  i 'm talking about fusion drive . 
  the main problem we have with fusion reactor is the containment - fusion drive does n't need containment , quite the opposite . 
  you do n't seem to appreciate the amount of energy released by fusion : burning 1 mole of deuterium with 1 mole of tritium ( about 10g total ) yields almost 1gwh of energy !, 
  ( if i had my math right , 
  sure , we will never get 100 % efficiency , so make it 10 % , heck , make it 1 % !, 
  still plenty of power ... 
   accelerating to 10 % light speed at 2g thrust would take over two weeks . 
  i 'm not sure humans would be particularly happy about being subjected for 2g for a month ,, 
  well , just accelerate at 1g - everybody will be perfectly happy with that . 
  and do n't stop at 10 % c , just keep accelerating till you get to half point and then start decelerating at 1g again . 
   at border points, 
  100 miles from border does not a `` border point '' make ... 
   willingness to fight society, 
  til government = = society . 
   vote to change them, 
  and where do i vote to do that ? 
  last elections i have only seen the establishment candidate a vs establishment candidate b. . . 
   right , they hate cows . 
  nope . 
  they just want us peasants in manageable numbers and not fed too well ... 
   a guy who threatens people with guns, 
  let me get that straight : the government people threaten him with guns , he says he will defend himself with his shotgun and you think he is the one doing the threatening ? 
   according to the us constitution, 
  how quaint ... < / s , 
   and how do you propose to convert the output of the fusion reaction to momentum ? 
  how do you convert the output of the chemical reaction to momentum ? 
   magical fusion drive, 
  what 's magical about it ? 
  the energy does n't just disappear ... the output of the reaction is bunch of neutrons , helium ions and photons - moving at c or pretty close to it . 
  you put a parabolic mirror on one side and , thanks to newton , momentum `` miraculously '' appears pushing to the other side ... duh !, 
  should n't that be `` his ... 
  flight ? '', 
  or do you believe he was not human ? 
   there has been ** little scientific study done on the condition ** , yet most wildlife and waterfowl experts agree the overwhelming cause of angel wing is an unhealthily-high protein and/or carbohydrate-based diet . 
  _ [ emphasis mine ] _, 
  but not let that stop us in our outrage ... , 
   do n't know why this is getting downvoted .
