  what for ? 
  edit : oh , i guess the state still prohibits people from defending themselves ? 
  how is the action of mr abdulazeez an instance of `` clever deception of a semite ? '', 
  you need to allocate memory for keyframes . 
  the way you wrote it ledstateframes is created on the stack and its address passed to keyframes . 
  right after that the ( implicit ) constructor returns , and the address becomes invalid . 
  afraid justin is right on the money ... :(, 
   this person is n't evil . 
  [ displaying neither guilt nor hatred , claiming he bore no responsibility because he was simply `` doing his job '' ( `` he did his duty ... ; he not only obeyed orders , he also obeyed the law . '', 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eichmann_in_jerusalem#overview ), 
  you are getting downvoted because you do n't bring any value to the discussion ... looks like you need to find a room . 
   71 % of hispanics voted for barack obama in 2012 , while 59 % of non-hispanic whites voted for mitt romney, 
  ( non-cuban ) hispanics and most of the other non-anglo ethnic groups vote democrats because the republicans are widely perceived as hostile to all immigrants in general and hispanics in particular . 
  they do n't vote for the big government , they vote against the hostile one . 
   the only real long-term approach to liberty is to get the masses to understand on a basic level that liberty is best for them . 
  never gon na happen . 
  humans are pack animals , the instincts will never yield to reason . 
   but , in doing so , you would be taking from other taxpayers/future generations , would n't you ? 
  not really . 
  the massah grabs whatever he can get away with . 
  if you do n't get your welfare check , it 's not going back to `` the taxpayer , '' massah will spend it on something else , like a new mahogany desk for his office or the hooker ... 
   why do ancaps demand open borders for the west but not for moldova ? 
   if you want him to be president , he first has to win a primary , which means tacking right to pick up the republican base . 
  he will never win the what you call `` base . '', 
  all he is doing so far is not winning him any support from the `` base '' but it is alienating a lot of libertarian leaning republicans . 
  afraid he is done for . 
   anything that improves his chance at winning, 
  so far it does seem to do quite the opposite ... 
  at least , for the most parts , they are trying to be civil . 
  you two , otoh , are just engaging in mutual masturbation . 
  as i said , go and find a room ... 
  cubans came from a more totalitarian country than mexico , yet they do n't vote for big governments . 
   few people will understand . 
  why do n't you explain then ? 
  please . 
  he would n't know , lacking one ... , 
   there are plenty of real world examples of societies without traditional western proprietarian values outside of china , russia , and north korea . 
  successful ones ? 
   without a vibrant sex industry , there would be no sex trafficking . 
  `` without a vibrant alcohol industry , there will be no alcoholism . '', 
  [ _ woman 's christian temperance union _ ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/prohibition_in_the_united_states ) ... 
  / u/isreactionarybot jacekplacek, 
  one way open border ... , 
   if you abolished police , which i have no real opposition to , you still have to replace them with some type of security . 
  why ? 
  you mean they vote against the parties they perceive as hostile to them ? 
   if you imported a large number of socialists who were allowed to engage in the political process , you could expect far less libertarian policy . 
  what do you mean by `` if you imported ? '', 
  the immigrants tend to go where they think they can make a better living , or where they think they would n't be oppressed . 
  do you really believe socialists would abandon their socialist countries and move to the `` oppressive '' capitalist ones ? 
  contrary to what nrx 's believe , majority of immigrants do n't come here to vote for socialist policies - they are coming to make a better living for themselves and their families . 
  when they vote , they vote for the party they perceive as friendly to them ( or at lest less hostile . ), 
  the best example is mexicans vs cubans . 
  ( the later changing their voting patterns recently , mainly because the republicans seem to change their attitudes towards them . ), 
  there 's no profit in that . 
  granted , some people might be sympathetic to the idea on religious/ideological grounds , yet they will be in minority . 
  ( if they become majority we are screwed either way , might just have to `` run to the hills '' ), 
   republicans in more liberal states already pander to hispanics , and they still lose . 
  because for all those `` pandering '' ones there 's plenty of trumps to scare them off ... 
  you sound like you believe republicans are any better than democrats . 
  the facts tend to contradict you . 
  the last republican president got us a brand spanking new entitlement and spent insane amounts on the insane wars and the bailouts of the banksters . 
  the last republican candidate was pretty much indistinguishable from obama ( other than the skin color . ), 
   your leftist sensitivities, 
  lol , my leftist sensitivities !, 
  if you were as smart as you portray yourself to be , you 'd already have figured out from my perspective ** you ** are a stinking commie bastard ... , 
  `` some people will want '' is quite different than `` you still have to replace them . '', 
   so pardon me if i choose less damage over more damage . 
  myself , i prefer no damage at all ... , 
  ... which requires more effort than building from scratch ... 
   production is for need, 
  so , no porshes or xboxes ? 
  welcome to ~ ~ german ~ ~ californian democratic republic !, 
  please report all enemies of the people to your local stasi office . 
  when i look around the house , about 80 % of things are things i do n't really need ( there 's really not that much a human `` needs '' ) but i still like to have them . 
  who and how decides what to produce ? 
  you say it 's `` democratically coordinated , '' does it mean that when my tastes are different than majority 's i 'm screwed ? 
  you see , the problem is when the greedy capitalist decides what to produce he is bearing all the consequences for the decision . 
  if he misjudges the demand he will have to adjust . 
  when the committee decides they have no way of learning if the decision was right or wrong . 
  so , ferinstance , if the car manufacturer makes a shitty car , he will not be able to sell it . 
  when the committee makes a shitty car i have no choice - either i drive one or go walking ... 
   afaik , bernie , chafee , and jim webb are all pretty anti-war too . 
  he is running for the republican nomination - he is talking about other republican candidates ... 
  do n't display as fast as you get the readings . 
  set the refresh at something reasonable ( 4/s ? ), 
  and possibly average the readings in the time between . 
   i 'm relatively deeply invested in the avr world, 
  you might want to take a look into atxmega chips . 
  unless you are a pure-blood amerindian , you are an invader , you are here illegally and you own nothing ... 
   why should the individualist consider `` the others '' at all ? 
  because `` the others '' might do nasty thing to the individualist if he does nasty things to them ... ? 
   a nationwide movement attacking police brutality, 
  ... only towards certain groups . . 
   forensics does n't exist to you ? 
  you trust forensics ? 
  in cases when the culprit is a cop ? 
  you think attiny powered by 3v will see 3v as low ? 
  btw make sure you label/catalog them from the very beginning . 
  i have neglected that and they have multiplied to a degree i have a hard time finding anything ,
