   the democratic state that binds us, 
  you seem to like bondage . 
  i 'm a simpleton and such kinky stuff does n't appeal to me ... , 
  back in 16th century 99 % of scientists believed in the geocentric system . 
  stupid copernicus . 
  they prefer to just pay the politicians off ... 
  if he applied for fishing license , he might have been approved too !, 
   let the downvoting commence . 
  glad to oblige ... 
  false ? 
  how ? 
  he did n't shoot them with the gun , he did n't string them up on a fishing line either ... 
  hmm ... you probably associate with lots of people and are a member of several voluntary associations , either formal or informal . 
  did you ever bring up the idea of making your bridge club mandatory ? 
  with kidnapping at the gunpoint of those who do n't contribute ? 
   and the way i look at it taxes just got lower for the rich ( and everyone under bush ) and then shit fell apart . 
  hmm ... and you assume that 's the cause and effect . 
  so , going with your doctor analogy , you go to the doctor with the pain in the ass , he gives you an aspirin and a solid kick . 
  your ass hurts more so you assume the aspirin not only did n't help , it made it worse ... 
   can you show me an instance of the economy getting better after large tax cuts ? 
  reagan tax cuts ? 
  was akin supposed to be elected to the us congress or to the faculty of biology at some college ? 
   i do n't want people in office who wildly make stuff up to fit their moral views . 
  iow , you do n't want 99 % of the people in office now ... ? 
  good sentiment , not attainable , though . 
  oh , so you have an `` actual evidence '' the rape has the same chance of pregnancy as the consensual sex ... ? 
  can you show it ? 
  afaik , atkin did n't claim `` the reproductive system shuts down '' what he said was it was `` less likely . '', 
  have any studies to the contrary ? 
  that would be an `` actual evidence . '', 
  not just your opinion . 
  heck , you have n't even provided a `` math model . '', 
  oh , so it 's `` try . '', 
  have any evidence ( or at least `` the math model '' ) it does n't try ? 
  but we end up sounding exactly like socialists/communists do : `` this is not what the `` real '' [ ism ] is ! '', 
  but we end up like a dude on the rack : we want off , there 's a guy who want 's to stretch from the head and the other one who wants to stretch from the feet ... there comes the guy who says he will slowly ease off . 
  but we scream `` no , go away !, 
  we want to be released at once ! '', 
  well , the some way communism/socialism means `` collective ownership . '', 
  yet not too many people will buy the leftists ' excuse `` ussr , china , cuba , etc was not really socialist/communist ! '', 
  let 's face it , the dictionary definitions and public perceptions are not always in sync ... 
   calling health care a right means someone has to provide it . 
  not necessary . 
  you have the right to keep and bear arms , does n't mean someone has to provide them ... 
  is there something not wrong with it ? 
   we have a duty to a certain level of care, 
  you feel you have a duty ? 
  may i send you my next doctor 's bill ? 
   kony 2012 is the answer ? 
  that 's who you would like to donate your money to ? 
  because , somehow , all you `` humanitarians '' tend to urge the us government to bomb only the people that are not white ... coincidence ? 
  exactly . 
  back in the spanish civil war times , lots of people who were concerned went there to help . 
  not to mention , us gvt tends to kill the foot soldiers/civilians , not the actual motherfuckers ... 
   the same thing libertarianism recommends for the holocaust - nothing . 
  you mean , exactly the same thing us gvt did ? 
  yup . 
  they have to destroy the village to save it !, 
  you see , government needs the drones to protect us against the government killing us ... , 
  does it mean the answer to my question is `` yes ? '', 
  pm me your address , i will send my next bill . 
   why it is appropriate to equate state ownership with collective ownership, 
  i 'm not saying it 's appropriate , i 'm saying that 's the prevailing ( mis ? 
  you can gauge it by referencing the earth one ... 
  because they assume attention span sufficient to hold it in mind for the duration ? 
   there 's use and exchange value . 
  the former is subjective , based on wants/needs , and the latter is based on the labor input on a product . 
  are you saying the `` exchange value '' of a porsche and a jetta are roughly the same ? 
  the labor to produce each is . 
  now , we are very likely in the future to get to the completely automated production - no labor . 
  does it mean the future stuff will have no value ? 
  there 's no wasted food - millions of critters feed on it ... , 
  cute . 
  in reality you guys fight wars because some small-dicked prince , king , president or some such _ \u0438\u0437\u043c\u0435\u0442 _ decides he would like to have more peasants to rule over . 
  and the _ \u0438\u0437\u043c\u0435\u0442 _ on the other side of the meadow does n't fancy having less peasants to rule over . 
  so he brainwashes his peasants into believing all that nationalistic bullshit ... 
  pot smoking ? ... 
   this is most definitely not the case, 
  how would you know ? 
  not that they tend to advertise ... , 
   countless prostitutes [ ... ] add to image of the city being unsafe, 
  why would prostitutes make you feel unsafe ? 
   we do n't really have those, 
  jane/finch ? 
  so , your friends do n't grow/cook ... and your neighbor could still have a lab in a basement without you knowing . 
  we would be better off with him in the scotus ... 
  nope . 
  what that has to do with anything ? 
   truman is n't responsible for all the babies killed in hiroshima . 
  yes , he is . 
  he was a psychopathic mass murderer . 
  so is bush ( actually , both of them ) , clinton and obama . 
  you did n't bother to read tfa , did you . 
  and that 's supposed to excuse him ? 
   in the nineties clinton was bombing white people, 
  well , they were not quite as white as clinton ... 
  personally ? 
  i want it to go to hell and never come back . 
  failing that , yes , i want them inefficient , preferably to such degree they can not find their ways to their offices . 
  what does it have to do with the color of the people clinton bombed ?
