libertarianism is a extreme right-wing philsophy which believes that private property and the free market has a greater value than human life and society . 
  and they eat babies alive !, 
  booo , run for your life ... , 
  if people are essentially good you do n't need a government , if they are evil you do n't dare to have one . 
  pearls before swine ... 
  why ? 
  it worked for the israelis , did n't it . 
  if voting could change anything it would be illegal ... , 
  in other words : zieg heil !, 
   i 'm not saying all germans were like that , but a man does n't come to power and lead armies of millions of men without having a majority of support in society . 
  hitler did n't have a majority , majority was to apathetic/afraid/complacent to do anything about him , though . 
  to paraphrase : `` all it took was for a good men to do nothing ... '', 
  they elected bush ? 
  it 's a conspiracy !, 
  no , it would be the death of tobacco companies . 
  and the same entrepreneurs who supply us with pot etc. 
  would add cigarettes to their menu . 
  heck , the smokers would be better off ( no taxes . ), 
  so , how much would it take for you to agree on spending 20 years in jail ? 
  you 're not paying attention ... 
  you said `` require tobacco companies to remove nicotine from cigarettes '' - ergo make nicotine illegal, 
  i call it bs ... , 
  there 's no evidence race has anything to do with it , mr. wood 's brother-in-law being a congrescritter though ... 
  he plead guilty hence no grounds for appeal ... 
  baaaaa ... 
  two words : asset forfeiture, 
  it 's worth much more than an oppinion of some anonymous shmuck on the internet ... , 
  you are being sarcastic ? ... 
  i hope . 
  rtfa - he is in the same boat , he just did not appeal ... 
  so , the guy who cut corner gets the ticket , a guy who let his car roll into the traffic gets to write the ticket ... 
  well , maybe the power has n't corrupted him ... yet . 
  they all eat from the same hand ... 
  what 's wrong with being naked ? 
  ok , so what are the dangers ? 
  neither does the author ... 
  who gives a f ** k, 
  why stop there ? 
  would n't it be much better to set it at $ 50/h ? 
  this way everybody would be wealthy ... do n't you think `` those people '' deserve it ? 
  no , it 's more like : i know that .5 mg of ricin will kill me , you telling me that .01 is good for me - you better have a solid proof of that claim ... esp . 
  since your `` good '' happens to be only for constipation ...  i still prefer metamucil though < lol / , 
  quite frankly i do n't get why people are so afraid of global warming . 
  the earth was much warmer before , without the catastrophic events . 
  myself - i love warm ... 
   yet berner says even such a vast cloud of methane would not be enough to produce a killing greenhouse heat wave or to poison the atmosphere , because atmospheric oxygen quickly converts methane to carbon dioxide . 
  so it appears to be mere speculation without real mening ... 
  and yes , siberia is getting warmer - what 's wrong with that ? 
  more land suitable for human habitation , i 'd say praise the global warming !, 
   if we could only figure out what it is about electrocuting criminals and measuring distances in furlongs that leads to nobel laureates . 
  oh , that 's easy : killing off dumb criminals improves the gene pool and measuring in incomprehensible system excersizes brain from the early childhood ... , 
  well , the us-produced stingers were blowing up soviet men and vehicles in afganistan not so long ago ... would soviets be justified to nuke dc ? 
  latest . 
  hmm , what about the old-fashioned buying ... ? 
  how come when _ i _ get wasted nobody plasters it all over the internet ... ? 
  not fair ... , 
  lol, 
   serenity is an average sci-fi b-movie, 
  only for those who do n't get it ... , 
  yes . 
  actually , the progressive tax is a plank of communist manifesto ... boy . 
   it seems somewhat obvious that people ( including myself ) do n't have any interest in living to be one thousand years old . 
  i do n't think doing this is a good idea , personally . 
  the world seems a bit overpopulated already ... 
  hey , speak for yourself ... you do n't want to live that long fine , there 's lot of ways to off yourself anytime you like . 
  just do n't make that decision for others ... , 
   how the hell can writing possibly bring down an aircraft ? 
  magic spell ? ... 
  what , you do n't believe in magic !? 
  you can help even more : buy .357 revolver , load it with hollow point ammo , put the muzzle in your mouth , pull the trigger - voila , you are no longer a burden to gaia ... 
  hmm ... , i 'm kinda concerned about canadians . 
  see , right now they have their socialized healthcare when they are healthy , and when they get sick they can just go south to get some help . 
  what they gon na do when this bill passes ?? 
  dontcha know pride is one of the seven deadly sins ... ? 
  lame, 
  hey , if these stocks picking gurus were any good they would silently invest in the right stocks and get very rich very quick ... 
  since they work for peanuts ( relatively speaking ) making their `` predictions '' for a magazine ... well , you do the math , 
  both, 
  what would that do ? 
  some poor shmuck who does n't deserve to go to jail gets acquited ... good enough for me . 
  sorry , not in this country . 
  when jury says not guilty judge ca n't do squat ... 
  that 's how the system works - you are found guilty , you still have a chance ( judge reversing the verdict , appeal , pardon ) when you 're found not guilty you walk !, 
  see oj simpson ... 
  and i thought it was only in amerika ... 
  you go around kicking hornet nests do n't be surprised you get stung ... 
  cute, 
  wtf ? 
  does n't mean it 's not slavery ... 
  ra heinlein - `` stranger in a strange land '', 
  as a former marine you display an amazing ignorance of what an assault rifle is ... 
  and what pray tell could `` normal '' rifle be ? 
  why not ? 
  it 's sad , nothing turns me off as fast as coat hangers pretending to be girls ... 
  wow !, 
  bill gates forced payment on you ... ? 
  what do you mean ? 
  you bought a computer with windoze installed and you blame it on gates ? 
  so , i want a ford taurus with pirelli tires but they sell them only with goodyears . 
  now i have to buy pirellis and i go on reddit whinning that goodyear forced me to pay for their tires ... lol,
