   switzerland has no drug problem ? 
  come on . 
  they may not have a violent drug prohibition problem like the us has , but that is a horse of a different color . 
  prohibition _ is _ a drug problem . 
   the key to understand is the violence problem is a legal one , not a drug one . 
  uhm , that 's what i was trying to say ... 
   american television is an orgy of advertisement and corporate interest that has absolutely nothing to do with the desires of the people . 
  if it has nothing to do with desires of the people , how come people keep watching ? 
  btw some cable/satelite providers carry bbc ( and other foreign channels ) yet it does n't look like there 's much interest . 
   because there is nothing else to watch ,, 
  as i said some cables carry bbc and nobody watches ... 
   and when you get home at the end of the day , you 'll put on whatever is easiest to watch and requires the least amount of effort, 
  that 's it - people desire whatever is easiest to watch and they get what they want . 
  he said `` all students , '' not `` with all teachers . '', 
  care to elaborate ? 
  i 'm not a big fan of dubya and federal gvt in general but this seams like bs . 
  welcome greenland = green again !, 
  his greeting was in arabic ( arabic is kinda latin for muslims ) . 
  what was `` unscientific '' about this paper ? 
  so what was crap in this paper ? 
  or is it crap because prophet algor did n't endorse it ? 
  huh ? 
  that 's what i asked - what was `` unscientific '' in the paper ? 
  we can agree it was n't politically correct ... 
  you should n't try to increment her twice between sequence points ... 
  poor guys ... they gon na hate you for that when they grow up . 
  hmm ... 
  i guess it must mean greeks have the lowest life expectancy , do n't they . 
  because democrats are wusses ... 
  to bad ron paul did n't ask this question in the debate :(, 
   is n't truth what people desperately want from a candidate ? 
  you are being naive . 
  people do n't want truth , they want bread and circuses ... 
  they learned from the best ... , 
  rtfa, 
   but what did heirs do to earn property ? 
  please their parents , perhaps . 
   check it out . 
  is 95 % of the stuff i post really that bad ? 
  yes . 
  hannity said it ... , 
  well , i take a cuckoo clock any time ... 
  hey , at least he did n't shoot them ... , 
   having sex for awhile is good . 
  having sex for longer is even better . 
  however , after a certain threshhold it becomes not so good anymore and keeps getting worse and worse if you keep on doing it . 
  it does ? 
  so , if not for the gas chambers , nazis would be ok bunch to you ? 
   or the western new england accent that news networks go for, 
  that 's why , 
  but he 's got a point - not even one of you sheeple tried to refute him . 
  you just ca n't comprehend somebody not obeying an order , can you . 
  jeeez ... the people like you ( unfortunately large majority of humankind ) make all the hitlers , pol-pots , bushes etc possible . 
  if it were n't tragic it 'd be funny how you do n't get it ... 
  it was the _ lack _ of the people willing to spill the cup in response to some official thug 's harassment . 
  it was the lack of people telling the brownshirt `` fuck you and the fahrrad you rode in . '', 
  and the reaction of the rest of the sheep : `` well , that fellow who got his teeth kicked in - he should n't have offended sa-man doing his job ... '', 
  now , that depends on your definition of `` computer . '', 
  if you mean the commonly understood definition of computer = von neumann machine then you are wrong . 
   yet that is only one type of computer, 
  you still have n't defined what you mean by `` computer . '', 
  there 's a difference : germans greeted hitler 's dictatorship with `` sieg hail , '' americans will greet bush 's with `` yaaaaawn . '', 
   icadyptes appears to have lived happily at such warmer latitudes at a time * when world temperatures were much hotter than they are today *, 
  the question is `` did it cure his p.e. ? '', 
  the one thing that confuses me the most about religious types : they profess their god is infinite love and goodness - at the same time they also believe he/she/it is a vengeantfull asshole , ready to smite anybody who strays from the ( unclearly defined ) true path ... 
   so much for the `` power of the free market '' . 
   pointing out a case of market failure is `` leftist '' now ? 
  has always beeen . 
  the very concept of `` market failure '' is a leftist bs - you could as well speak about `` solar system failure '' it would make as much sense . 
  indecent ? 
  i have to say these are a decent pair - do n't belong to angela , though ... , 
  they can think for themselves ... 
   if you feel that markets are just human abstractions , mental constructs to describe natural emergent phenomena , then it makes no sense to speak of the power , purpose , health , actions , or descisions of markets in the first place . 
  exactly . 
   all of which is really pretty tangental to the question . 
  where does the `` leftist '' part come in ? 
  is n't `` market failure '' an argument of the left justifying necessity of state intervention ? 
   if you do n't think the market can have anything like volition , what does it even mean to `` intervene ? '', 
  to use your own example , what sense would there be in the idea of `` solar system intervention ? '', 
  `` market '' can not have a volition , the assholes running governments do . 
  and it 's easy to imagine intervention in a solar system : nuke an asteroid and you have intervened , did n't you . 
   some people do indeed believe that some amount of regulation can correct the things they describe as market failures and restore free-market conditions . 
  that is , however , a pro-free-market position . 
  if one had to locate such a position on a left-right political spectrum , i think most people would put that on the right . 
  well , the marksists are practically non-existent anymore , so every leftie is to a degree `` pro free market . '', 
  you can argue righties are for market intervention nowadays too ( and you 'd be right , unfortunately ) so i guess the difference is only matter of degree but since lefties go for much more ingerence ( generally ) i am , certainly , entitled to consider it a left wing position . 
  btw even if you include hard-core left - those advocating command economy - their position could be described as `` total market failure . '', 
  negative interest ?!, 
  great idea , i 'd just borrow enough to live from the interest payments ... lol . 
   but i do know that the overwhelming majority of study says that anthropogenic climate change is happening, 
  no , you do n't know that , you just _ believe _ it ... 
  who cares ? 
  lewrockwell.com citing chairman mao ?!!!, 
  it 's the end of the world as we know it ... 
  well , she 's much better looking ... 
   you can go around telling people that free markets are a leftist plot if you like , but i do n't think many of them will agree with you . 
  either you have reading comprehension deficiency or my writting is not clear enough : left wing is much more inclined to belive that free market is imperfect and needs improvment than the right wing . 
  starting from communists who think market sucks ( totally imperfect ) through socialists who would leave some freedom of trade for artisans etc , through social-democrats who think market is mostly ok as long as they get to `` improve '' on it when the outcome does n't conform to their vision , through the neo-cons ( about the same as social democrats , just their perception of what needs improvement differ ) , through classical conservatists who see much less `` failures '' but still some , through libertarians ( less `` failures '' still ) , to market anarchists who know any talk about `` improving '' the market is just hubris and usually covers up lust for power . 
  sure richard , trump me with reality - lend me 100 million $ ( canadian ok ) on -1.0 % and i will praise your wisdom on this forum every day for the rest of my life . 
  uhmm ... as it happens this article is from fox news ... did they move to europe ?
