  let 's see , a couple of centuries ago slavery was quite normal practice all over the world , does it mean it was right ? 
  `` love it or leave it . '', 
  another favorite of dimwits ... after `` everybody does it '' did n't work ... lol you are not doing to well ... 
  tell me something , rollo , how come you right wingers elected yorself a dude who has bunch of trotskyites as advisers/close associates ? 
  and preaches trotski 's gospell ( with `` democracy '' instead of `` socialism '' ) ... ? 
  i do n't preach - i ask questions . 
  do you have something that might even resemble a coherent argument ? 
  so far you are no different than your average bushwacko ... 
  if you are serious - 4.0 is a good end ... , 
  i guess it depends on your usage ... 
  i had 4 hds die on me in the last 3 years ( incidentally , all of them maxtors ) but that 's out of some 10-15 drives in 4-6 machines at any given time ... 
  dream on . 
  like the `` bongs for jesus case ? '', 
  i got ta get me one of these ... 
  if it was true she would be suing the shit out of walmart and anybody even remotely connected , not whining and bitching on the internet . 
   the one about abolishing the federal reserve is too bizarre , though !, 
  why ? 
  do n't you think the money supply of us is in hands of few fat-cat bankers is much more bizarre ? 
  i did not . 
  after the first died i already had the other 4 ( one is still alive . ), 
  edit : btw they all died after their warranties expired ... :(, 
  interesting . 
  first 911 hijackers train in florida , now we have what appears to be remains of training of another bunch ... < / tinfoil hat , 
  `` i am above the law '' attitude ? 
  hmm ... seems like a skill required for a president ... 
  nope . 
  they hate new neo-conned imperial america , they do n't hate the old one ... 
  how come a house , farm or church becomes `` compound '' when feds are pissed ... ? 
  perhaps `` burning down the house '' sounds worse than `` burning down compound ? '', 
  if the cop tries to stop you for speeding and gets hit by the truck , are you going to be convicted of murdering him ? 
  edit : btw downvoted for the lie in the title . 
  the guy was an armed robber , not shoplifter ... 
   everybody wants the old america back, 
  including neocons ? 
   regulation that makes it possible , for example , for that woman to be a dentist, 
  regulations made her a dentist ? 
  fuck , and i thought all the time that to become a dentist you must study first and than do some practice and then do a good job fixing people teeth ... apparently i was wrong - all it takes is some regulation < / sarcasm , 
   and speeding is n't inherently dangerous ? 
  is it ? 
  let 's see : on the nearby highway the speed limit is 55 mph . 
  who do you think is more dangerous :, 
  1 ) mario andretti in 2007 m5 on the sunny sunday morning doing 65 . 
  2 ) the old lady driving an 87 junker on a rainy weekday rush hour doing 55 ? 
  oh , the almighty system ... they gon na make you safe , feed you and even do your thinking for you ... you just go and watch some more tv ... 
  hey , you never know , the `` system '' might even fuck you one day if you 're nice ... 
  edit : btw i had my teeth screwed up by a highly `` regulated '' dentist once and know of some horror stories as well ... also fucking `` highly regulated proffesionals from the highly regulated schools with highly regulated super-duper high standards '' did n't do fuck for the poor suckers . 
  so , you know what - you can stuff your high regulation high up your ass - i 'd rather choose my dentist on his merit not some `` high regulation . '', 
  you saying the girl should n't have a gun because the rapist might too ... ? 
  soemething does not compute here ... 
   i do n't trust most doctors, 
  wait a minute !, 
  did n't you just say the mighty highly regulated system of high regulation is here for saving your ass ? 
  and you do n't trust it ? 
  getting angry because i pointed out your lack of consistency ? 
  i thought you could do better . 
  no , no , no ... quite the contrary : vegetarian diet causes excessive farting which contributes a methane - one of the most potent greenhouse gases . 
  we should really ban vegetarians . 
  you ever heard of the modern invention commonly known as google ? 
  bush is not the first neocon in office ... 
   you voted my article down, 
  actually , i did not ... go figure , 
  sure , but guess what prevents me from refusing to pay the costs of regulatin ' . 
  see , if you are so enamored in the regulations i wouldn 's even dream of preventing you from setting up some `` regulatin ' '' body and regulate to your heart desire . 
  than you can choose to patronize only your `` regulated '' dentists , doctors , barbers , etc. 
  it 'd be mighty fine with me . 
  what pisses me off is your insistence that i pay for your love of regulatin ' , and if i refuse you are quite ready and willing to send some jackbooted thugs to shoot me dead and burn my house down . 
  lol , here 's the disinterested party ... 
  nope , but it might help you to fing arguments of the other side , if you wish to hear arguments , of course . 
  i , actually do n't really care if it 's `` legal '' or not : the slavery used to be legal , so was the `` final solution . '', 
   what do you think dentists-in-training spend their time studying to prepare for ? 
  paint me naive but i thought they were studying how to fix teeth . 
  or more correctly that 's what i would expect them to study . 
   who do you think people go to when their dentists do n't do a good job fixing their teeth ? 
  better dentist ? 
  oh , i would never accuse them of not having enough force ... 
  edit : but you 'd never try to ask guido 's oppinion on legality of his `` protection '' company , would you . 
  lol , you a relative of ladarzak or something ? 
  but if the `` system '' is here to make sure your ass is safe , should n't you trust the people the `` system '' certified as being `` highly and mightily regulated ? '', 
  your time is only wasted when you refuse to think , dahling , and that 's what you just admitted to . 
  your argument that the `` dentist-in-training '' has to waste time to learn bunch of fucking irrelevant regulations , instead of learning their trade , works against you - and i was gently trying make you see that . 
  you call me `` fucking troll '' instead of being grateful ( or coming back with a better argument , at least . 
   you idiot . 
  oh , how charming . 
   at some point , someone has to decide when a would-be dentist is ready to practice dentistry . 
  so far so good . 
   usually this involves them passing classes at an accredited institution, 
  why it has to be `` acc-reddited '' ( bad pun , i know , 
   passing tests administered by the state, 
  why `` by the state ? '', 
   getting licensed, 
  uhmm , if you did n't notice , this very conversation is debating just this topic < sigh / , 
   when a dentist does a bad job , it 's not good enough for his victim to just move on to a `` better dentist '' ( especially if they 're dead , which is a possible outcome from bad dentistry ), 
  so far so good . 
   there needs to be someone who can take their license, 
  again , we havent yet established the need for the license ... 
   provide legal recourse to the victim, 
  now , this has absolutely nothing to do with regulatin ' does it . 
  if unregulated janitor rams his mop up your ass ( even accidentally ) you still have a recourse , despite lack of `` high regulation of janitors , '' do n't you . 
  it will , probably , be a shocking surprise for you but there 's a huge body of arguments that the whole `` justice system '' could be private , yes no mighty state involved at all . 
  but it 's probably too early to even hint at this topic ...
