   the enumeration in the constitution of certain rights shall not be construed to deny or disparage others retained by the people . 
   there are not and constitutional rights that are associated with animal powered transportation, 
  you sure ? 
   the enumeration in the constitution of certain rights shall not be construed to deny or disparage others retained by the people . 
  by `` serious candidates '' you mean those bought by the establishment ? 
  how charmingly naive ... , 
  what ? 
  you jealous ... ? 
   1 ) roll the windows down 2 ) kill the car and lights 3 ) toss the keys on the dash 4 ) wrists on the steering wheel . 
  you forgot : 5 ) bend over and 6 ) fetch the vaseline ... 
   we used to know how to stir shit up in the 60 's / 70 's, 
  and look how much good it did ... 
   liberals are trying to build society , libertarians do n't believe in society . 
  libertarians do n't believe in society `` built '' at the gunpoint , unlike liberals ... 
   do n't even try to say traffic cops do n't have a valuable purpose . 
  sure they do . 
  they generate the revenue stream to our glorious masters . 
  yeah , yeah , i know ... 
  i massah did n't flog us niggas from time to time , how would plantation be runnin ' ... 
  did you ever wonder why the tickets you are getting are hardly ever for the dangerous shit but only for the stuff that gets them more money ? 
   it hardly prevented him from turning into an upstanding citizen . 
  not quite , he became a politician ... , 
   bush - a texan, 
  nope . 
  carpetbagger . 
   why is it wrong for them to try to protect their cultures, 
  if your `` culture '' needs forced protection , it 's not worth protecting ... 
   i 've had romanians [ ... ] just walk up to me and start talking to me in romanian, 
  how did you evar survive the horrible experience !, 
  did you need therapy after that ? 
  was he assisted ? 
  martha stewart ? 
  if obama were fat , would he get elected ? 
  true or false : wang-banger is a ( lousy ) troll ... 
   doe spokesperson said clearly, 
  `` doe did n't have a relationship with that woman ... '', 
   my writing just looks like a long squiggle which no one but me can read, 
  lucky you !, 
  my writing just looks like a long squiggle which even i can not read ... , 
   everyone at the top is pretty much in on it , and that 's why we need real change, 
  yup . 
  they already got theirs , time for the next bunch ... 
  when will people understand the government is the most successful racket ever ? 
  it always has been . 
  you expected anything different ... ? 
   a bug, 
  quite the opposite , it guarantees no bugs ... 
  how is that ? 
  dude pointing gun at cops - `` criminal behavior '' ; cops shooting dude - `` not a criminal behavior '' . 
  iow `` all animals are equal , but some are more equal ? '', 
   they may not of been guilty of homicide, 
  `` have been '', 
  2 . they are guilty as hell . 
   but their incompetence does n't rise to the standard of proof required in a criminal case, 
  ehmm ... if they were not `` more equal '' there would be no fucking doubt ... 
  hey , i do n't know if you are or are not a serial killer . 
  should it be ok for me to kill you ? 
   i do n't want to argue the morality of the policy , i just do n't think the host of the blame should be on the ss team . 
  they should have had better judgement regarding when to use the deadly force , but the blame should rest solely on the person/persons who decided that the final solution was warranted . 
  ftfy, 
   i 'm an [ austenite ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/austenite ), 
  does it mean you will become a pearlite when you cool down ... ? 
  not if it 's an accident . 
  yes if it 's deliberate ... 
   you 're just not allowed to verbally agree to giving the prostitute money in exchange for sexual favours, 
  ... in public place ... 
   or is `` statist '' just a pejorative, 
  it 's not pejorative , it 's descriptive . 
  on one hand , yes you are a statist , on the other hand there are degrees of statism ... 
  btw : believing `` the state should defend property rights and protect the border '' is akin to believing `` the mafia should run the casinos , and that 's all ... '', 
  citation ? 
   i 'm not sure i follow the comparison . 
  perhaps you could expound . 
  why ? 
  ( do you believe that ), 
  why would they do this and only this ? 
  ( in both cases ), 
   but as for # 2 i would say it 's impossible to have a state that only does those two things . 
  you are right . 
  it grows like a cancer ... , 
  state is a monopoly on violence . 
  no matter how you wish it to only use violence for things you approve , it will use it for things you disapprove ... 
  nope . 
  society is a `` we '' . 
  state is an `` it '' . 
   i fully support the 1st amendment ... 
   but i think every publisher needs to do a background check on the writers [ as ? ], 
  required by law . 
   i also do n't think people with violent criminal records or people who have gone to prison for violent charges should be allowed to own any type writing device . 
   also , i was wondering what / r/libertarian thinks of internet filters . 
  should sellers be allowed to sell computers with no internet filters ? 
  also how would the buyer know that the computer wo n't fuck up and accidentally download kiddie-porn off some site ? 
  ftfy, 
   the most freedom can exist for the longest amount of time if a highly restricted government exists to keep other governments from taking over via coercion both internal ( crime ) and external ( war ), 
  the biggest inherent problem : how do you keep your government `` highly restricted ? '', 
   you sound like a volunteryist, 
  generally , i dislike labels . 
  i guess that one is pretty close ... , 
   i think its an unfair comparison to say that is the same as thinking the mafia should run casinos, 
  you mean unfair to mafia ... ?
