  no problem at all . 
  it might surprise you but that was the norm for all the time before xxth century , when the politicians realized how good a racket it is . 
   the most successful economies in world history - imperial britain and the 19th century us , were heavily statist, 
  comparing to what ? 
   first we add road user fees , congestion fees for downtown and pollution fees to people who use personal transit vehicles to drive around . 
  and what do you think gas taxes/registration fees are supposed to be for ? 
   those go into general revenue . 
  so , maybe they should n't . 
   70 % of the ttc 's costs ( easily over $ 1b ) are covered by revenue from transit fares . 
  so , by simply raising the fares 30 % they could be self-sufficient . 
  sounds like a good idea . 
   i 'd like to stop paying the municipal government for all the roads and highways i do n't use . 
  how can i go about this ? 
  there 's no reason why they could n't be paid for with gas taxes/registration fees . 
  that way you would n't have to pay for what you are not using . 
  combine that with raising ttc fares and neither would i. 
  but they will never do that . 
  the racket as it is now is too profitable for politicians . 
   i 'm surprised you 've chosen to remain in canada . 
  actually , you are mistaken . 
  i 've chosen to leave quite a while ago . 
  never looked back . 
  maybe he should not have . 
  not planning to . 
  they are not perfect . 
  still the money is better , the taxes are a little bit lower and - most important - there are still some americans left who value freedom . 
  not so for canada . 
  you seem to be a nation of happy slaves . 
  unfortunately , the federal government is still alive and kicking . 
  true . 
  but if you realized how badly you are exploited by the parasitical political class and did something about it i might consider coming back . 
  not that i have any illusion you would . 
  bmi is a bad estimation . 
   so there 's no freedom in canada ? 
  not much . 
  i 'm not saying there 's a lot more freedom in us . 
  just the attitudes about the lost freedom are tad different . 
   i do n't see anyone standing over me with a whip . 
  there 's no need for a whip if the slaves are happy ... 
   in fact , for a slave , i 'm pretty much living the high life , which probably explains why i 'm so happy . 
  i 'm pretty sure there were lots of slaves on the well run plantations who voiced the same sentiment . 
   for me it means `` freedom from worrying whether or not i get healthcare '' and stuff like that . 
  but that 's not freedom . 
  the southern gentlemen back then made sure their slaves well well fed and did n't have to worry `` whether or not they got healthcare . '', 
   what does `` freedom '' mean to you ? 
  that 's really a pretty simple concept : when you are free you can do whatever you want as long as you do n't interfere with freedom of others . 
  you are free to keep the fruits of your labor , you are free to contract with whoever you desire for whatever goods and services you want . 
  you do n't need to bow to anybody , no need to ask anybody for permission to do what you want ( again , as long as you do n't infringe on the freedom of others . ), 
  you have an absolute right to self-defense , and that includes owning weapons if that 's what you want . 
  without having to grovel before a self-important nobody who happened to be employed by the government agency . 
  i could go on and on but you get the drift ... 
   does that mean you support de-federalisation of the states, 
  i could settle for the federal government the size of the very early one . 
  but it would not bother me at all if it went away . 
   then you 'd only have those pesky state - and local-level governments ruining everything, 
  that would be the next step ... , 
   also , those tax dollars you got to keep instead of paying taxes would quickly become worthless because the guarantor would n't exist any more , but you knew that , ight ? 
  dollars ? 
  perhaps . 
  money ? 
  you may notice gold/silver did pretty good for millennia , paper money , not so much ... 
  why do n't you go and fuck the wolf . 
  actually , you are jumping to unwarranted conclusion again . 
  more [ like ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/murray_rothbard ) , still not a follower but rather a fellow traveler ... 
  ... unless he came up with hard evidence ... 
  [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mass_killings_under_communist_regimes ) might be a good reason ... 
  well , if i brought up an example of the pole vault competition won by a wide margin by an overweight dude , it would n't be that unfair to ask if the rest of the competitors were morbidly obese ... 
  as the old saying goes : `` one man 's terrorist is another man 's freedom fighter . '', 
   right , but why should we be completely okay with this ? 
  why not ? 
  so , which one of the other candidates has better libertarian credentials ... ? 
  and the awful republican would be any better ? 
  if republicans are really concerned about a democrat winning , they could simply support sarvis and drop their candidate ... ( that 's what they insist libertarians should do , after all . ), 
  other than pigmentation they do look alike . 
  go away , troll . 
  heinlein 's `` the puppet masters . '', 
  it 's mostly glycol , unless you have really large quantities you can just pour it down the drain . 
  unlike hydrocarbons it breaks down pretty fast and is relatively harmless to the environment . 
   since coca-cola 's secret formula does not enjoy patent protection , i could theoretically duplicate it and sell my own cola , but i could n't call it coca-cola because that 's a trademark , right ? 
  even without a trademark you could n't sell it as coca-cola . 
  the dudes you sold it to could sue you for fraud . 
  not really . 
  the only ones defrauded are the buyers ( if they were not aware they were buying a fake . ), 
  ca n't you guys get a room or something ... 
  ok , i admit , i did read the second line wrong . 
  but not the first one - how was i supposed to read it ? 
  how the fuck can they be charged with kidnapping without any evidence of the girl being actually , you know , kidnapped ... ??? 
  let 's face it , with your posting history it 's really surprising when you post something worth upvoting ... 
  why ? 
  you do n't believe nsdap was a socialist party ? 
  or do you still believe `` it can not happen here '' despite all the evidence pointing to `` it '' beginning to happen here ? 
  so , you saying they could be charged with welfare fraud or illegal adoption . 
  iow my comment stands ... 
  nothing wrong with him , he is a troll . 
  what 's nsfw about it ? 
   is he just really stupid , or a jackass ? 
  yes . 
  stop wasting your time trolling on / r/libertarian and start working towards that goal , maybe you can make it ... , 
  do you want to eat babies ? 
  explain yourself .
