  that 's florida ... 
  baaaa ... 
   now , a gold standard could work short term but it is inevitably doomed in the long term, 
  ehmmm ... is couple of millenia long enough for you ? 
  the gold was a currency for millenia , without `` inevitably dooming '' the world ... and no , it was not a reason for great depression , and no nixon was n't a world savior ... 
  dear whomeyeahu , mind your own fucking business ... 
  `` the vast majority of the world 's active climate scientists accept the money from the politicians who want people to believe in the global warming as well as the human activities being the principal cause of it . '', 
  ftfy, 
  it would work if those were airlines ' policies ... 
  besides , i have to go to euorope next year , kinda hard to drive there ... 
  you have learned logic from very peculiar sources ... 
   refuting all climate science, 
  i do that ? 
   the country needs and should have a professional military, 
  [ _ citation needed _ ], 
  do you know there are countries that do n't have military ( to speak of ? ), 
  do you know the founding dudes were mostly against standing armies ? 
  so , if i beat my wife twice a month with a broom handle it 's still ok 'cause my neighbor beats his wife twice a week with a baseball bat ... ? 
  you ever heard about citizen militia ? 
  tell this to taliban or viet-cong ... 
   without the central planning and control body , it would have failed, 
  what would have failed ? 
  and how do you know that ? 
   the taliban have not succeeded in stopping a regular army from taking the land which they lay claim on . 
  oh ... so , i guess , the unpleasantries over there will soon end ... < / s , 
  yet , somehow , `` a couple of farmers with sharp sticks '' seem to be very significant factor in many recent conflicts ... quite often much more significant than the mighty armies . 
  you might have learned in primary school that it took allies roughly 5 years to beat the mighty axis armies . 
  heck , it took bush less than two months to defeat iraqi army ... 
  yet after almost eight years us still can not claim victory in afghanistan and only recently claimed one in iraq ... all those years fighting just `` farmers with sharp sticks '' ... 
  pretty soon they will discover the pak librarians ' fleet coming this way ... 
  hey , it 's a journalist , what did you expect ... , 
  dunno ... the russkies did n't give half a shit about killing civilians and had their asses handed to them anyways ... 
  how could genocide be achieved in anarchy if necessary ? 
   downvote ? 
  wtf ? 
  i guess somebody is jealous ... , 
  who let this dude out of the asylum ? 
  [ this ] ( http://insiderspassport.com/images/single-malt-scotch-brands.jpg ) is a medicine i take every night which allows me to live the life i like . 
  if i had to pay myself it would cost me $ 14000 . 
  thanks welfare . 
  i thought bush was out of office for some time now ... 
   we only have 20,000 years left !, 
  assuming we are not in the path of the fleeing pak ... 
   `` anarcho-capitalists '' are opposed to unions . 
  [ _ citation needed _ ], 
  hmm ... one of the articles questions if the unions have really that much influence on the wages , two others are against ** state granted ** privileges of the unions ... every anarchist , no matter what flavor , should be agains that . 
  ancaps are also opposed to the state granting any privileges to businesses , are you claiming they are `` anti-business ? '', 
  that 's not enough . 
  they should require everybody to pass boobs fondling test . 
  then , i will apply . 
  and apply again , and again ... , 
  i hope you are being sarcastic . 
  if not can you elaborate ? 
   or the private company will just lie, 
  ... and the government never lies ... 
  hate to break you the news , but some other dude has been in charge for the last two years ... 
   actually was an evil , war-mongering cunt throughout his entire political career, 
  ... and an [ incompetent ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gallipoli_campaign#prelude ) cunt to boot ... 
   should be a provision that allows the authorities to search you at some point, 
  should there be a provision to allow me to search authorities at some point ? 
  2008 wants its meme back ... 
  yeah , i understand you would n't mind starving some brown people to avoid having to bump into them on the street ... 
   i 'm coming from a point where it does n't make sense to produce food unsustainably for a population with no cap . 
  well , if you think it does n't make sense , then you also think we should n't do it , _ n'est - ce pas _ ? 
  which means some of the suckers have to starve ... 
  when juries refuse to convict murderer because the victim was black they pretty much know already they vote contrary to the law , they do n't think the law against murder is wrong ( reason for nullification ) , they just think the victim somehow `` deserved '' it . 
  i do n't think knowing or not knowing about nullification would make any difference ... 
   it 's costly and life-altering, 
  methinks , going to jail could be considered `` life-altering '' too ... but , perhaps , it 's just me ... , 
  [ _ citation needed _ ], 
   i still sometimes think people are moderatly compassionate and good in general . 
  people : yes . 
  das/pigs/judges : no . 
  hmmm ... it 's a wonder how did they manage to survive mid-holocene ... 
  because his observation is very similar to my understanding of the system , perhaps ... 
  no , he just would n't mind it ... 
  well , you can not be sure it was n't a missed lung shot ... 
  darwin little helpers ... , 
  that 's not squid , that 's fsm ... , 
  you work in mosque ? 
  `` it 's not the people who vote that count ; it 's the people who count the votes . '', 
  _ josip vissarionovitch stalin _, 
  like all cockroaches , they are afraid of light ... 
   directed at subverting the population and making them almost incapable of intellectually challenging the status quo, 
  looks like cia is slightly more successfull than kgb was ... 
  tad too big for concealed carry ... , 
   you expect your government to keep its citizens abreast of every action it takes ? 
  too fucking bad , you do n't get to pick and choose like that ; you can have a largely opaque government , or you can have effectively no government . 
  yeah !, 
  we niggas do n't need to know no nothin ' . 
  massah smart , massah know what he do . 
  get back to picking cotton ... 
  dunno ... considering that churches are inherently voluntary institutions ... ( yes , i 'm assuming you are being sarcastic . ), 
  ... and , kinda not really surprising , the very same people do n't hold obama 's religion against him ... go figure . 
  well , i could buy it if they dropped some other domains subjected to ddos attacks before ... 
  the last time i checked , murder was a crime in pretty much every jurisdiction ... 
  [ _ citation needed _ ], 
  kinda funny when lieberman , clinton , limbaugh and ahma-what 's - his-name are in total agreement about someone ... 
  yup . 
  there 's no higher crime than exposing massahs ' shennigans ...
