  then you slap some rationalizing on your feelings , and not very convincing ones ... 
   until the mafia operates with elected representatives and has a ultimate binding document akin to the constitution , your argument ultimately falls flat . 
  ok , finally some semblance of an actual argument . 
  so , let 's see :, 
  not every government has a constitution or elected representatives . 
  are those governments that do n't simply other names for mafias ? 
  are you saying if mafia got themselves written constitution and allowed their `` subjects '' to pick between don gotti and don gambino every four years or so , would you start feeling all fuzzy about it ? 
   anyway , at this point its like arguing with a child . 
  good day . 
  no emotions here , none at all ... , 
   brushing your teeth is good , a large amount of the population have bad teeth . 
  eating vegetables is good , a large amount of the population is obese or gets cancer . 
  are we to assume you would force people to brush their teeth and eat broccoli if given a chance ? 
   some things , like infrastructure , proper education and healthcare are so important that you do not allow it in the hands of people whom in general are pretty selfish and will not give a fuck till it becomes a problem for them personally . 
  you guys have to make up your minds whether the government is supposed to follow the will of the people or to be bending the people to its will ... ( for their own good , of course . 
  or for the children . ), 
   your argument about how the mafia = gov ' t is tautological in the sense that your comparisons arent valid in and of themselves , they rely on the assumption that what youre saying is already true . 
  why the comparisons are n't valid ? 
  they are not relying on anything , they are just pointing the facts . 
  you seem to be unable to accept them not because you can point out the differences but only because you ** feel ** they are not valid . 
   like when you complain that the gov ' t `` writes its own laws '' ,, 
  when did i complain ? 
  it 's just stating the facts . 
  you attribute to the facts some emotional connotations and dismiss them without any rationale . 
   ignoring the fact that we live in a representative democracy . 
  ... which has absolutely nothing to do with the fact that it 's the government that 's writing the laws . 
  it only tells you how the people in the government get to be there . 
   now youre just getting into commentary about the evils of a two-party system , which is a different argument altogther . 
  not at all . 
  feel free to add as many dons to my question as you wish , what 's the number of dons you get to choose from that will start making you feel all fuzzy about it ? 
   the comparisons are so vague that they can be applied to almost any institution and under your logic it would be valid comparison to the mafia . 
  like the fact that both operate in their `` territories '' . 
  what exactly is this supposed to establish ? 
  ok , point out any other institution that claims some territory as their own and will prevent by the use of force any attempt of `` infringement . '', 
  sure , some salesman might refer to the area as his `` territory '' but ( unless he has backing of some gang , government included ) he will never try to prohibit others . 
   you assert that only `` dons '' can be elected if the mafia became democratic - but thats not how democracy works, 
  it 's not ? 
  you will have no problem , then , to point out the president of the us that was elected despite not having endorsement of the major party ... 
  sorry pal , they are all dons . 
   we have the ability to decide who writes the laws, 
  see above - you could count on the fingers of one hand the real independent candidates ever getting elected to congress . 
  and those who did get elected simply did n't have a snowball in hell chance of doing anything . 
  iow you are deluding yourself you have any influence whatsoever . 
  oh , so that 's why our wise benevolent rulers have to shove down our throats what 's good for us ... got ya . 
  b. . . b. . . but did n't you just say that we as a group, 
   are fucking dumb and do n't know what [ we ] want , because [ we ] ca n't grasp simple concepts like a nation is just a very large neighborhood ? 
   now , imagine a 64 ounce bottle of soda . 
  no , imagine 1/2 gallon bottle of soda ... 
  nope . 
  * before, 
  nothing . 
  you 've been oppressing us for a while now , this is our sweet revenge ... , 
  there 's no `` corporate control of our government '' , corporations simply know which side of the government sandwich to butter ... 
   i 'd rather buy from my local store than some bullshit megastore, 
  anybody ever held the gun to your head to prevent you from buying from local store ... ? 
  they could n't bribe the congress which would not accept bribes ... when a bribes b who 's in control ? 
  kinda funny the conservationists insist of `` restoring '' predatory species only in someone else 's backyards ... 
  i would be much more impressed if the , let 's say , new york city conservationists insisted on restoring wolves into the central park . 
  does the administration also ask for an investigation of how al-awlaki and his son died ? 
  you missing the point , as usual . 
  the murderer-in-chief does n't mind murder , he might just fake an outrage when it suits him . 
  iow , you do n't mind being a slave as long as it 's warm ... 
  really ? 
  you would n't see assassination of our dear leader as a murder ... ? 
  dunno ... when the people with phds tell you they can do nothing for you and you gon na die , you might as well try ... 
   carbon gas emissions, 
  you need 3642 \u00b0 c ( 6588 \u00b0 f ) to get carbon gas . 
  i do n't think there really is much of carbon gas emissions on earth ... 
  you do n't know , she might be a dyke ... 
  it has been always changing and why `` something has to be done ? '', 
  just because the earth seems to be getting warmer does n't mean it 's going to be a catastrophe ... 
  i hate to burst your bubble , it 's still gon na get dark every night ... 
   he may not be but many people are and it has ruined there lives, 
  so , to make sure they do n't ruin their lives we are throwing them in jails ... and ruin their lives . 
  tell it to mrsa ... 
  interesting ... do you think dude who works for wall mart also gets suspension with pay in such situation ? 
  some animals are more equal, 
   it 's not just getting warmer , it 's changing . 
  it has always been changing . 
   have provided predictions for what will happen . 
  the history of mankind is full of predictions ... which never materialized . 
   rainforest, 
  looks like a jungle to me ... , 
   being a cop is a difficult job though, 
  dunno ... seems like the `` shoot first , ask questions later '' philosophy rules in our police departments . 
   you `` abolish the fed '' people are fucking ridiculou . 
  nice try , ben . 
   fact is , racial stereotypes do n't affect those in power/majority . 
  you sayin ' whiteys are in `` power/majority '' down there in japan ... ? 
   where the fuck are taxes going ? 
  [ it takes a lot of money to run a police state ] ( http://www.ncc-1776.org/tle1997/le970801-01.html ) ... 
  they predicted the conquistadors , and instead of kicking butt as soon as they came they simply folded ... ? 
  cort\u00e9s had only 500 or so soldiers with him ... 
  you lucky they did n't charge you with `` trapping the protected specie '' ... 
  did you hear a thunder ? 
  how walking the customer to his car was supposed to prevent it ? 
  he could load it in the car and then come back ... now even more pissed . 
   so if the husband kills someone driving 120mph on the way to the hospital that 's ok ? 
  dunno ... is it ok if he kills someone driving the speed limit ? 
   did they have a permit to protest ?
