  oh , the horror !, 
  permission was granted !, 
   there are many ways for a country to modify it 's money supply , through it 's monetary policies . 
  yup . 
  i mean `` the press '' in a figurative sense . 
   politicians in other countries do n't threaten illegal wars of aggression against other countries, 
  because they ca n't ? 
  ( it would n't be very credible if holland threatened china , for example . ), 
  they are still assholes nevertheless ... 
  oh , i do n't know ; all i hear is how huge the deficit * with china * is . 
  `` first they ignore you , then they laugh at you , then they fight you , then you win . '', 
  ok i admit i did n't read tfa ... , 
   with the establishment of the united nations and internaional law declaring wars of aggression illegal , nation states are slowly beginning to accept the fact that threatening other nations with war and invading them is an archaic proposition . 
  nation states ( and the un ) are the archaic proposition . 
  ehmm ... it 's re-pay . 
  btw is oj going to get his money back too ? 
  i am all for one world government - in the distant world in the galaxy far , far away ... , 
  go get them , neil ... 
  well , it looked obvious to me ... 
   but hey you already made your mind up, 
  actually , no , i have n't . 
  the official story is full of holes but so are the `` truthers '' explanations ... 
  `` war it the health of the state . '', 
  i call them as i see them ... , 
  that 's redundant, 
  is that me or you do n't wish happy anything to the dead guy ? 
  not that he 's gon na mind ... , 
  kindergarten humor ... 
  [ the same blog ] ( http://sayanythingblog.com/entry/the_solution_for_health_care/ ) rises a good question : why the people who want `` universal health care '' do n't set up a co-operative/whatever for all that want to join with fees based on ability to pay ? 
  [ edit for clarity ], 
  let 's see - the destitute have a medicaid so they would n't need it ( no freeloaders problem ) for the rest of participants it would be like the canadian/european system or even cheaper , since no need to cover the poor . 
  i do n't know - it seems to me ron paul haters are almost as vocal and obnoxious as his followers ( or maybe even more . ), 
  i can understand why somebody who likes a candidate posts/upvotes articles about him . 
  but can anybody explain to me why haters get so worked up ? 
   would you mind elaborating on this ? 
  not at all . 
   for example , let 's say oil fields start drying up . 
  the resulting supply shock will inflate the price of lots of goods , without anyone running a printing press . 
  let 's start with : `` do expanding money supply cause inflation ? '', 
  this should be pretty obvious - the supply of goods if finite , the more money people have at their disposal the more they are willing to spend , bidding the prices up . 
  some historical examples : weimar republic , several communist and post-communist east european states , not to mention south american and african countries ( pretty much all of them went through period of severe , if not hyper inflation . ), 
  now , can shortage of some commodities cause inflation ? 
  obviously it will cause rising of the prices of those commodities , and to a degree , prices of other goods directly affected . 
  yet , in a stable mony supply scenario , it has to cause drop of the prices of all the other goods/services . 
  from your perspective you have only so much disposable funds , if you have to pay more for one thing ( let 's say gas ) you have less money left for other things , so you buy less of them driving their prices down . 
  you can see this in action in the last couple of years - despite oil prices rising like crazy , inflation is still modest . 
  ( you could argue the money supply increased like crazy too , and you 'd be right . 
  it does n't cause inflation , yet , because it 's basically goes to china to finance our trade deficit . 
  sooner or later it has to come back and bite us . ), 
  going back to price of oil and inflation : in the long run the prospects are even less bleak . 
  even if the `` peak oilers '' are right and we are running out of it , we still are n't doomed  as the oil gets more and more expensive the competing sources of energy become more profitable , therefore they get invested into more and take the pressure off the oil market . 
  so no , we are not screwed yet , at least not by the `` peack oil . '', 
  ca n't say the same about the politicians ... 
  actually he is against possibility of feds banning it ... did it ever occur to you ? 
   they probably have already drained all their close relatives of their points and are now desperately trying to find a way to keep driving as dangerously as before, 
  it has absolutely nothing to do with driving dangerously . 
  do you really belive that andretti driving 2007 m6 on a sunny sunday morning 20 over the limit , is more dangerous than 80 y old grandma driving 87 k car on the rainy weekday evening , 10 below limit ? 
  does he imply they did n't show because they are racist ? 
  what about clinton/obama no show at the black caucus/fox debate ? 
  does it mean they are racists too ? 
  you 're making to much sense . 
  stop it now !, 
  oh , yeah , he did `` save the union '' kinda like the guy who `` saved the marriage '' by beating the shit out of his wife who wanted a divorce ... 
   given that it was clearly a case of rebellion , the constitution itself gave him that power ... 
  nope , it was n't a rebellion , it was a secession . 
  you might want to consult the dictionary if you do n't know the difference . 
  btw there 's nothing in constitution that prevents states to secede if they wish . 
  hey , get the motherfucker on the kiddie porn charge . 
  he deserves it . 
  mean bastards , are n't they . 
  what , you think the relationship between tax rate and revenue is linear ? 
   nah , it is much easier to waste hundreds of millions in wasteful speed cameras that do n't help and have harmful unintended consequences but show that the government is doing something . 
  well , they are not exactly wastefull ( from politicos ' point of view ) they generate steady stream of revenue ... 
  i seee, 
   the only morally defensible reason to mine uranium would be to use the energy to develop renewable alternatives , so we can stop mining uranium . 
  otherwise you are just drawing down natural equity , until eventually it is all spent, 
  is there something ` sacred ' about uranium ? 
  you seem to want it there just so it can be there ... 
   why do n't you go move to papua new guinea where they really respect the land ? 
  because he is `` more equal ? '', 
  you really believe that we reached the limit of technical progress ? 
  if we heeded your advice back in the 19th century we would refuse to mine coal - no industrial revolution - and we are sitting on much more coal that we know what to do with right now . 
  would the knowledge we did n't `` draw on coal equity '' soothe the pain of tilling the soil from down to dusk ? 
  would all this coal make up for halving your life expectancy ? 
   if only they would turn up the thermostat, 
  what , you do n't believe in globalwarming \u2122 ... 
   but energy consumption over the past 100 years has not been directed at doing the research and creating the technology to replace non-renewable energy sources with renewable ones . 
  it could have , but it has n't been , and when eventually it does happen , that will herald the beginning of a new epoch, 
  well , since you seem to know better than anybody else how to start a new epoch - go for it , show us the way ... 
   i hope you are not advocating situational morality, 
  what does it have to do with morality ? 
  is more uranium in the ground more moral than less uranium ? 
  i suspected that much , 
  yup . 
  they are `` more equal . '', 
   no , we need a better way . 
  we need to first educate americans about whats going on . 
  first we fight the ignorance , only then can they bring themselves up out of their apathy . 
  you are assuming the give a fuck . 
  sadly , they do n't :(,
