  and that 's why sheep want to be disarmed ... 
  so he was a bad shot ... and what gun-grabbers call `` assault rifle '' is different from semi auto hunting rifle only in appearance ... 
   gun : no other use than injuring or killing, 
  i must have bunch of defective ones - they never killed or injured anybody ... 
  and i use them pretty often ... 
  no , i do n't hunt and do n't destroy cans either , still manage to use guns quite often . 
  it 's also hard to justify `` civilians '' having 400 hp cars , is n't it . 
   the more guns you put into a society , the more people get hurt , it 's as simple as that, 
  oh , so switzerland must have blood running on the streets all the time ... 
  sure [ pearl hs ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pearl_high_school_shooting ), 
  canada has lax gun laws ???!, 
  are you sure we are talking about the same canada ? 
  and from the top of my head i can name three school shootings in canada ( incidentally , all in montreal . ), 
  canada 's population is about 10 % of usa . 
  maybe there were 30 such shootings in us but i ca n't recall so many . 
  well , they should be held responsible for the effects of their policies then . 
   it is hard not to believe that the reasons for the sharp difference in the incidence of gun crime between the us and europe have much to do with the availability of firearms and attitudes towards their use . 
  it 's hard to believe there are morons who believe this and are judged fit to be published . 
  last time i checked , switzerland was in europe , has relatively low crime ( including what the author calls `` gun crime '' - i 've never met a gun that commited crime ) and every adult swiss male has at his home a fully automatic assault rifle . 
  and is well trained in its use . 
  so no , it 's obvious the mere availability of guns is not what 's causing crime . 
  hey , you trying to confuse him with facts , or something ... , 
  the chance of playing shrink on reddit : priceless !, 
   america is not about allowing or not allowing ; it 's about freedom . 
  well , that was the plan , seems it did n't quite work ... :(, 
  i 've got a news for you : anytime < insert marine animal here  takes a dump or a piss it dumps raw sewage into the ocean ... 
  for people who do n't have language comprehension skills that 's what 2nd says :, 
  `` the right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed , because a well regulated militia is necessary to the security of a free state . '', 
  iow the `` well regulated militia '' is the _ reason _ for it and it says : `` the rigt of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed . '', 
  you 're kidding yourself if you think you do n't pay for it . 
  have you looked at your taxes lately ? 
  so , if he was talking to , let 's say , kkk it would be ok for him to crack a joke about stringing up some niggers ? 
  that 's perfectly ok , nobody wants to prohibit you consulting your doctor . 
  otoh if diabetic guy , who knows exactly what he is taking and what dose , goes on vacation and forgets his meds he has a hard time getting it ... ( i know , happened to me once ), 
   this individual was close to graduation from a prestigious college . 
  he was not on the path to poverty , and in fact he had at least as much chance to become a valued contributor as anyone else . 
  let 's see , english major with command of ( written ) english of the 3rd grader . 
  yeah , sure he had a bright future ahead of him : `` do you want fries with that ? '', 
   44 suicides by firearms, 
  if firearms are responsible for suicides how do you explain [ japan ] ( http://www.theforeigner-japan.com/archives/200304/news.htm ) ? 
   yeah like those hell holes japan , great britain , australia, 
  or switzerland ... 
  god , you 've got ta love armchair genocidal maniacs ... 
  neocons are not right wing - they are trockyites who lost faith in marks ... 
  to lose something you have to have it in a first place . 
  hey man , that 's the price for being a celebrity , 
  why ? 
  i dunno , given a chance he certainly [ would ] ( http://www.paf.mil.ph/cgpaf/singson.html ), 
   we have some camps we 're going to be sending people like you to, 
  you just itching , ai n't you . 
  scratch the neocon and you get the nazi . 
  what trouble ? 
  you just get a little bit warmer/shorter winters . 
  danes are going to have fun with all the new land available , though . 
   or plotting the assassination of foreign leaders, 
  what 's wrong with assassination of foreign leaders ? 
  sure beats bombing innocents ... 
  yet somehow , killing thousands of women/children/old folks , if you have a beef with their ruler , is ok but killing the ruler himself is not !, 
  wtf ? 
  worse can of worms than starting a war ? 
  anyway , i 'd rather deal with a few angry diplomats than with my own conscience , 
   take a minute or two to really ponder what it means for a species to be lost forever, 
  well , it means the specie lost the darwin game ... and created a niche for a new one to emerge . 
   this is what happens when you let neocons take power, 
  if you think democraps are any better , dream on . 
  well , the guy was pretty close to have something to be afraid of , dontcha think ? 
  well , there 's a slight difference between getting a letter and having the actual cop with actual gun and badge in your face ... 
  google is your friend  [ vermont crime rates ] ( http://www.disastercenter.com/crime/vtcrime.htm ), 
   before we explain what we mean by that and outline the experiment itself , we do have to emphasize one caveat in the interest of truth in advertising . 
  the light patterns that you will see if you conduct the experiment successfully can be accounted for by considering the light to be a classical wave , with no quantum mechanics involved . 
  so in that respect the experiment is a cheat and falls short of fully demonstrating the quantum nature of the effect . 
  iow media does n't cover him because media did n't cover him before . 
  you might have a point if privatization of the roads was followed by cutting the taxes . 
  somehow i doubt it . 
  prophet algor ( gaia bless him ) knows everything . 
  that assumes it would cut spending . 
  i 'm afraid they would just spend it somewhere else . 
  it makes sense : open carry - bad guys can see who is packing and if there 's none start shooting ,, 
  concealed carry - bad guys never know who might be able to shoot back . 
  i agree it should n't override property rights but just getting rid of the laws prohibiting packing in certain places should do . 
  he can beat some sense into guys asking stupid questions , 
  if somebody wants to pop a judge he does n't have to do it in a courtroom . 
  as a matter of fact the courtroom would be the less likely place , with all the ( armed ) leos around . 
  it 's kinda funny how any mention of allowing people to carry brings out all the whining about how this is going to end up in the blood running in the streets etc. 
  yet in the real world it never happens . 
   that would probably be because in the real world , everyone packing concealed weapons also never happens, 
  why do you think it has to be _ everybody _ packing ? 
  of course it will never happen , some people dont want to carry/own guns . 
  nobody wants to force them . 
  from the article :, 
   it is too early to tell whether the law makes floridians safer or puts them at greater risk . 
  there are no statistics on the number of self-defense claims statewide before or after the law took effect oct. 1, 
  iow we have no bloody idea if the number of such encounters changed with passing of the law . 
   10 people shot , all but one was unarmed . 
  if that 's not blood in the street , i 'm not sure what is . 
  lol 10 people shot ( at least 5 with a good reason - unarmed does n't mean harmless ) makes it `` blood in the street . '', 
  despite florida being a state with concealed carry laws , most people do n't carry . 
  say , how many ( unarmed ) people were killed/mugged because they did n't have means to defend themselves in the same time ? 
  you only look at one side of equation - people shot in self defence . 
  the other side is people strangled/raped/beaten to death etc who did n't have a chance ...
