  if you are interested pm me your address and i will ship them asap . 
   let cantire know that you are disappointed !, 
  what if i am not ? 
   tell them this sponsorship will affect your buying decisions . 
  i will tell them my next set of tires is from them ... 
  so , tell me , what is so threatening for your dogma in ford nation that you have to suppress it ? 
  _ full disclosure : _ never seen/heard it . 
  how having their own show makes them `` ignore answering to the people ? '', 
  all political speech is propaganda . 
  if you really believe , say , toronto star does n't do propaganda , i have a nice beachfront property in a hudson bay i would like to sell you . 
   you also have the same right to shop there should you choose . 
  judging by downvotes , apparently i should n't say so on reddit ... , 
  oh , cool , now i 'm being actually spanked by / r/toronto 's glorious comrade mods : `` you are doing that too much . 
  try again in 8 minutes . '', 
  thank you comrades , that 's the second highest honor ( after outright banning ! ), 
  silly me , should have known the only allowed opinions here are those that are covered in mao 's little red book ... you dudes are so fucking insecure it 's pathetic . 
  not quite true , i can post to all the other subreddits as much as my heart desires . 
  and you guys are so red you just do n't see any other colors ... 
  so , how come i never got them before today and i do n't get them in any other subreddit ? 
  must be magic ... , 
  because the supply before thanksgiving tends to be even higher yet ? 
  they would , would n't they ... 
  repealing prohibition would get them unemployed . 
  yes . 
  he was planning a robbery , perhaps ? 
  ok , that would explain things . 
  / r/toronto is the only subreddit i have a negative comment carma in and i have reached it quite recently , i guess . 
  so apologies to the mods . 
  still my other comments about this subreddit stand . 
  it 's definitely the most rabidly left-wing subreddit i subscribe to ...  and gods have mercy on anybody not praising saintly jack layton or not viciously attacking ford . 
   something we can do to help is add you as an approved poster if you find that the rate limit is impeding you . 
  appreciate the offer but it 's not necessary . 
  knowing the reason for the limit i can live with it . 
   in sex and dating , the market is free . 
  tell that to [ eliot spitzer ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eliot_spitzer_prostitution_scandal ) ... 
  you mean supreme court is still pretending to rein the congresscritters in , when the issue at hand is totally insignificant ? 
  it 's an obvious case of the first world problem . 
  and yes , it 's totally insignificant whether the state gives you a certificate of some sort or refuses to do so . 
  as i said : first world problem . 
   what does that even mean ? 
  that means it 's only a `` problem '' when you can not find a `` real '' problems to worry about . 
  basically , it 's a made up issue , designed to make you all outraged and not see the actual problems like fascisization of the us and state governments and , not so slow , drift towards the full blown police state . 
  oh , sure . 
  it should n't be in state 's power anyways so it 's the real issue in itself . 
  has nothing to do with a piece of paper . 
  i can easily trade my heterosexual marriage certificate for more freedom . 
   institutionalized state discrimination against black people, 
  < shrug /  if you are talking about state 's refusal to issue a marriage ( or other ) certificate to someone ; be it gay , black , disabled , redhead , or whatever then yes , it was an insignificant issue . 
   how significant marriage is in terms of federal law, 
  perhaps that 's the issue you could try to address then ... maybe the government should n't be `` showering goodies '' on anybody . 
  sorry , but right now you really sound like the field slave whining that the house slaves have it much better , instead of realizing your real problem is slavery itself . 
   if your position is so righteous , how come you ca n't answer such a basic question ? 
  already have . 
  you just do n't like the answer . 
   you can recognize that half a loaf is better than no loaf at all . 
  if you really recognized that , you would readily accept the concept of the `` civil union '' with all the `` benefits '' of the marriage but without alienating the religious right . 
  so far , it looks to me , you are more interested in rubbing it into their faces than getting any actual benefits . 
   your position -- that institutionalized discrimination does n't matter because of the poor starving children in the third world, 
  that 's not what i said and you know it . 
  keep fighting the fake fight , just do n't come here whining when the cops drag you for a `` free proctology exam '' and the court says it 's not violating you rights ... 
  i see your point . 
  still , i would gladly accept the supreme court to rule that marriage is restricted to wasps only ( neither me nor my wife is one , so we would lose all the perceived `` benefits '' ) in exchange for the rule that the 4th amendment means what it says and , no , `` drug dog '' alerting is not a probable cause for a warrant ... , 
  just a matter of priorities for me . 
  little guys do n't get grants , friends of city councilors do . 
  little guys pay taxes to cover those grants . 
  hey , i 'll give you my vote too . 
   if , like me , you believe that it can not be fixed and must be torn down, 
  so far so good ... 
   and replaced ,, 
  you lost me right there . 
  not that their ruble is any better ... 
   80 years without a drug charge , or any charge for that matter, 
  too smart to get caught ... ? 
   you will leave a lot of people in the past . 
  ... which might be your goal altogether ... 
   when you 're paying $ 53 million more to the federal government in taxes than you are receiving in federal spending ... 
  how is what california residents pay to federal government affecting california 's budget ? 
  til `` independents '' is a political party , 
  there were already other networks : compuserve , aol , genie etc. . . if it were n't for the arpanet they would most likely expand and standardize on a common protocol . 
  people tend to forget the only thing internet inherited from arpanet is set of protocols ... 
  you never know , could be armageddon starting ... , 
  hey , maybe they should start smoking crack ( openly ) ... , 
   they are also going to pass a law making it illegal not to break a law . 
  to think of it , not breaking the law is obviously `` obstruction of justice . '', 
  the dude in op is also guilty of depriving the good ossifers of his car , which they could have seized if he did have drugs . 
  my prediction : in a couple of years you will either wash out or you will become `` one of the gang . '', 
  there 's no other way . 
  the `` good cop '' is a myth - you either keep silent when your peers abuse their power or you join them . 
  neither makes you a good cop , at best you might become `` not completely rotten '' one . 
  are you assuming the replacement will be any better ? 
  so is chiguy, 
   shell corporations with no assets, 
  but they have to hire the lawyers . 
  so , either they 've already paid them ( and lost that money ) or the lawyers end up working for nothing . 
  either way serves them well ... , 
  ever heard of rounding ? 
  read the first paragraph and upvoted , marveling on how the known troll managed to say something substantial . 
  then read the second one ... 
  ... they can beat you up but they will do it politely ... , 
  methinks you totally missed the dude 's point ...
