  ok , i 'll bite - why would anybody who thinks free health care for everybody is a good idea , think free food for everybody is not ? 
  cool , then i can sue the store that sold me the meat and quit working ... yessss !, 
  so , he 's slipped and shown himself to be a psychopath : what 's the big deal ? 
  they are all psychopaths anyway . 
  it 's inevitable in democracy - the one willing to do the dirtiest deeds wins . 
  psychopaths have no scruples , no deed is dirty enough for them so they win . 
  if you can not see the difference between people voluntarily donating their time/money/labour to provide food for the poor , and assholes extracting money from others at a gunpoint to finance their schemes , there 's no hope for you . 
  they do n't go `` ape shit , '' they pounce on the opportunity to scare sheep shitless ... and the sheep obliges :(, 
  uhmmm ... did you notice `` reddit commenters '' are not some borg-like entity ? 
   it will be interesting to see who the car is registered to . 
  is sex a good idea ? 
  does it mean rape is as well ? 
  edit to clarify : it 's just a different `` implemmentation '', 
  you do n't get it . 
  the main difference is forced vs voluntary . 
  if you tried to implemment free health care on a voluntary basis nobody would object . 
  it 's the `` barrel of the gun '' that makes the difference . 
  uhmm ... , taxes ? 
  you ever heard about the little thingie called `` context ? '', 
  my comment was in response to the fellow who is clearly for `` universal health care '' but not for `` universal nutrition care . '', 
  and no , he was n't talking about charities - there are charitable organisations dealing with helth care in the us already . 
  besides nobody calls soup kitchens `` universal . '', 
  so yes , in context of the article and op it should be pretty obvious ( for anybody with iq higher than the room temperature ) what are we talking about - which is government enforced , tax financed health care . 
  to make it easier to understand for the slower thinkers i rephrase my question : why would anybody who thinks free , government funded and enforced , health care for everybody is a good idea , think free , government funded and enforced , food for everybody is not ? 
  would that be different `` everybody '' in each case , perhaps ? 
  nice to meet you . 
  the problem is majority of congresscritters are psychopatic killers as well ... 
  clinton is a psychopatic scumbag . 
  so is dubya . 
  the electrode in your brain is working ok . 
  if somebody decided to kill you and some random sample of your coworkers , because he had a beef with your boss , would it be a good indication he might be a psychopatic killer ? 
  what if he just hired others to do the killing ? 
  or ordered his subordinates to do it ? 
  still psychopatic killer ? 
  so , why if he is a member of congress and your boss if in different country it becomes ok - not a psycho killer , just a statesman ? 
  the best looking one , obviously ... 
  i 'm afraid claire got it wrong - it 's alredy to late to shoot the bastards . 
   can you really count ss ? 
  sure , it 's a mandatory deduction , but at some point you get the money back, 
  not if you kick the bucket before 65 ... 
  that could be arranged ... , 
  so it 's tax + welfare . 
  401k - you croak , yours get the dough . 
  ss - you croak , they get the finger . 
   once you get to 1000 , the nubers have become a statisitic . 
  you mean killing is ok as long as you stop at 999 ... ? 
  hey , you never know - maybe dubya is preparing to leave . 
  hey dude , chill out  i was just baffled why you think there 's something special about the number ... 
  maybe it 's just karma ... 
  do n't you realize police officers are our betters and they are allowed to do with us as they please . 
  the little brat should be thankfull she was n't shot in the head and raped ( not necessery in that order . ), 
  let 's face it : everybody loves to hate spoiled little rich brat ... 
   what was scooter libby convicted of ? 
  pretty much the same thing martha stewart was ... 
   this is the problem i have with libertarianism . 
  when it comes to spending one 's own money to help others , the party line is , `` that 's their problem , '', 
  you 've got it exactly upside down , dude - libertarians have no problem with spending their money on charities . 
  they have no problem with you spending your money on other charities . 
  what they have _ big _ problem with is _ you _ spending _ their _ money on _ your _ charities . 
  foreign aid : taxing poor people in rich countries to give to the rich people in poor countries . 
  i bet there 's plenty of evidence jury was n't aware of ... 
  anti-smoking nazis suck , the world would be a better place if they all emigrated to kalifornia . 
   first of all , virgins and wood do n't mix, 
  sure they do mix - she 's just not a virgin anymore after the mixin ' , 
   i do n't think your legal firearm and complete lack of training is going to do much against the militarys own weapons and highly trained soldiers, 
  somebody should tell this to iraqi insurgents ... 
   you would instead have a long , drawn-out insurgency killing hundreds of civilians every day, 
  not to mention i am a reptilian allien and want to eat your babies < / sarcasm , 
  good luck blowing a plane with nitrocellulose underwear ... it 's not an explosive , it just burns pretty fast . 
  sigh . 
   rifles used it for a while during ww1 i believe, 
  it 's still used as a propellent in firearms . 
  does n't make it explosive . 
  or , more correctly , it 's a `` low explosive '' not really suitable to blow anything up . 
  something that could happen under taliban rule only , one would think . 
   if he does n't say anything and something happens , he 's a douchebag . 
  if he says he has a ` gut feeling ' , he probably has some sort of reason , and according to you he is still a douchebag . 
  no win situation ... 
  you 're right . 
  he is a douchebag . 
  so , the oil exporting nations should be thankfull to american soccer moms . 
  where would they be now without them . 
  i 've never heard of houellebecq or lawrence durrell but i 've read ulysses , dostoevsky and swathes of tolstoy . 
  so bite me . 
  oh , another pro-choice mullah ... 
  if you are not aware : president of the us ( the office rp is running for ) can not overturn scotus 's decisions , only scotus can . 
  stick to the one six-pack a day regime and you 'll be fine ... , 
   universal health care or the illusion of security : take your pick . 
  what about if i get to keep my money instead ? 
  somehow i doubt ron paul would consider roe v wade in his pick ... you may believe otherwise , of course , but i 'm convinced he 's got much more pressing issues . 
  do n't ask me , ask those who belive every candidate should embrace feds deciding everything ... 
  or one of the people that want to know the truth , perhaps . 
  you , obviously , are content with believing the propaganda ... 
   inflation is a complex phenomenon that can not be explained in just a couple of words . 
  quite contrary , it 's very simple phenomenon and can be explained in a very few words : `` the printing press is running . '', 
   a large trade deficit can be an indicator of a serious underlying economic problem, 
  i must be in a deep shit , then . 
  i have a huge trade deficit with my grocery store ... 
  that 's the problem of all parasites - they overburden the host and then die with it . 
  just your regular politician ...
