  but the `` limit '' of the government seem to be different ( and justly so ) for different libertarians . 
  it shrinks to nothing for anarchists . 
  the way i see it the minarchists simply have n't yet realize that from `` this government is best which governs the least '' follows `` this government is best that governs not at all '' ... , 
  zolfe : let 's just bomb the shit out of the muslims . 
  jews have to be protected ... 
  he said mean things to me . 
  he is an aggressor ... whaaa ... 
  dunno ... you could be talking about crusades as well . 
  or perhaps trojan war . 
  because when you say you are a liberal in us ( perhaps in uk too ) people assume you want to tax the shit out of them ... 
   it seems safe to assume they would 've inherited the things their ancestors had taken from them, 
  well , that would n't be safe to assume since american indians did n't really have concept of land ownership ... or at least the nomadic tribes ( most of them ? ), 
  did n't . 
  it 's not practical ... kinda like if you display a [ swastika ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/swastika ) people will assume you are a nazi , try to `` educate '' them that you are simply a follower of hinduism ... 
   as many therapists can attest to , verbal aggression is as bad a physical aggression . 
  sticks and stones ... someone who believes being called names is as bad as having a black eye might indeed need a therapist . 
   there are a large number of people that do n't identify themselves as atheist , but consider themselves to be `` agnostic '', 
  sure . 
  i 'm one . 
  still , penn 's opinion does n't hurt me at all and i still like him . 
   these libertarians are n't `` anti-drug '' they are `` anti-illegal drugs . '', 
  ftfy, 
   every single country that has ever existed deports people who sneak across the border . 
  well , actually , border control , passports etc are very recent inventions . 
  for most of the history hardly anybody cared . 
   rewarding criminal behavior, 
  criminal behavior is something that hurts someone . 
  how is dude picking your strawberries for you hurting anybody ? 
   is unfair to those who came in through the front door . 
  i came in `` through the front door . '', 
  have absolutely no problem with dudes who had to risk their lives to sneak in through the `` back door . '', 
  and i really like my strawberries . 
  oh so the usofa is your backyard ? 
  are you sayin ' your ancestors came in on mayflower ? 
  that has n't been my experience . 
  quite the contrary , the biggest assholes seem to be getting elected in large numbers . 
  as to the hiring ... ever visited dmv ? 
   is that still not government ? 
  nope . 
  it 's a voluntary association . 
  governments are not . 
   washington has resorted to political assassinations , [ ... ] it masterminded the killing of lumumba and allende ; and it unsuccessfully tried to put to death castro , khadafi , and saddam hussein ;, 
  actually , that 's the thing i resent the state for the least . 
  assassination of the asshole politician is always a good thing ... 
  dunno ... those are the folks who consider us their own backyard ? 
  hey , i got a poll for you , just one question : `` do you want to be fucked up the ass or suck my dick ? '', 
  you can also pick `` undecided '' ... 
  how does it have anything to do with the topic ? 
  why ? 
  who is the `` we ? '', 
  do n't feed the troll ... 
  nobody 's perfect ... 
  unfortunately , the other governments might refuse to let you move in . 
  not to mention it 'd often be hiding from the rain under the waterfall ... 
  guess you do n't get the `` voluntary '' part ... 
  when are people going to figure out splc is just a bunch of self-serving assholes who see `` hate groups '' around every corner ? 
  dunno ... they carry daggers , maybe they should switch to more convenient weapons ... , 
  ` course it can ... 
  so what ? 
  ukraine or belarus were never independent countries ... israel is basically territory of illegal immigrants proclaiming themselves a country and excluding indigenous people ... 
   throughout history , the jewish people has maintained a presence in jerusalem, 
  did n't they genocide the previous inhabitants first ? 
  btw , my ancestors lived in lvov , can i go back there and throw out the ukrainians ? 
  except that palestinians are mostly descendants of sephardim who converted to islam , not arabs . 
  otoh ashkenazim are the illegal immigrants there ... 
  i have absolutely no problem helping people who need help . 
  i have a big problem with people with guns taking my money by force and , perhaps , spend some part of it to help others , no matter if they deserve it or not ... 
  man , he saved you from cancer and you killed him for that ?!, 
   it has not decreased usage , which is the point of making something illegal, 
  [ _ citation needed _ ], 
  how do you know what the assholes passing the law were thinking ? 
  for all i know they did that to piss off mexican immigrants and to avoid dismantling large portions of atf after alcohol prohibition ended . 
  and , btw , they just had the empirical proof prohibition does shit for `` decreasing usage '' but works marvels for the state power , creating organized crime and the jobs for jackbooted thugs ... 
   now a great stoner film , or so i 've heard, 
  anybody can enjoy it , not just stoners . 
  slapstick comedy never went out of fashion ... , 
  theoretically , you might be right ; practically , there never were one . 
  well , if ( as most statists believe ) people gladly pay their taxes to help the needy ( or for whatever good cause ) , they would also gladly donate to respective charities and cut off the middleman ... the benefit being they would pick the charities they like . 
  so , ferinstance , those who do n't like bombing brown people in faraway lands would n't donate to military ; those who do , would . 
  if they did n't care then there would n't have been borders throughout history . 
  no countries would have ever existed . 
  ever wonder why it was also illegal to sneak past ellis island ? 
  you did n't really pay any attention in your history class , did you . 
  hint : history did n't really start with ellis island . 
  do you sincerely believe tzars posted armed guards along russia borders ? 
  hell , they were n't even sure where exactly their borders were ... 
   artificially lowers wages because the lowest denominator always wins . 
  we should make sure the rednecks from arkansas are not allowed into nyc : they will `` artificially lower wages ! '', 
   takes more out of the system than gives back in, 
  [ _ citation needed _ ], 
  actually , there 's a good argument they never take `` out of the system '' as much as they contribute ... 
   unemployed citizens are harmed : self explanatory, 
  wait !, 
  you telling me there are hordes of ` merikuns waiting in lines to pick strawberries !, 
   you have no problem even if that person was convicted of murder or rape in their home country, 
  no more problem than with american who was convicted of murder or rape in america . 
  you really believe murderers and rapists come in here to pick strawberries ? 
   a collective agreement between people, 
  yes virginia , there is a santa claus . 
  i think his comment could kinda work as the response to liberdadeazul 's question ( defense ) ... ,
