   the time to switch magazines between empty and full ones is literally seconds . 
  you need to practice more . 
  it 's a fraction of a second . 
   but they wo n't vote for you just because you have good policies . 
  in fact , it 's clear ** they will vote for someone whose policies are opposed to their best interests . 
  typical progressive `` racism with a human face '' ... 
   anti-semites i 've seen running around libertarian circles, 
  and rothbard was a `` self hating jew ? '', 
  right ? 
   any cop who could see you would be there long enough to understand what was going on . 
  sure . 
  and ( s ) he still would give you a ticket . 
   that seems like a loaded question . 
  i was being sarcastic if you missed that . 
  you zionists tend to paint anybody who does n't suck bibi 's dick `` an anti-semite , '' or ( if they happen to be jewish themselves ) `` self-hating jews . '', 
   there will be a big change in america . 
  do n't be naive ... 
  why then did you choose to smear others with `` anti-semites '' tripe ? 
   in simple terms , russia is a mafia state . 
  all the way from moscow to regions and to small towns , everything is controlled by various mafia gangs . 
  police and judiciary are parts of most powerful gangs . 
  they usually assist in extortion or theft of property earned by local small and medium size businessmen . 
  hmm ... sounds almost like the us ... 
  cool - the price will drop and i will buy . 
  perhaps because they would n't be celebrities long if they did ... ? 
  nope . 
  congresscritters would just get even worse - trying to earn some brownie points with lobbyists as soon as possible ... 
  the name says it all ... 
  guess people are n't as eager to read `` progressive '' propaganda as they used to be ... < g , d & r , 
   cannabis , with 0 deaths in over 6000 years of human use, 
  that 's not true !, 
  one dude died when the bale of mj fell on his head ... , 
  how do you know ? 
  are you that kid ? 
  you do n't need to believe any particular `` theory '' ( which , quite likely , are being promoted by government to discredit all `` thruthers '' ) to recognize the sheer absurdity of the official narrative . 
  i have no idea what has really happened , i just can not make myself believe bunch of semi-morons had a direct line to allah who suspended laws of physics and probability for them to successfully achieve their goals . 
   palestine was n't a country, 
  neither was ukraine . 
  guess you approve of putin attempting to take over too ... 
   just move the palestinians back to syria or wherever they came from would be easier and cheaper . 
  actually , palestinians are the descendants of the original hebrews who just converted to islam ( or christianity in same cases . ), 
  the ashkenazim invaders , though , have not much in common with the original jews ( other than religion . ), 
  anthropomorphising much ? 
  wait a minute !, 
  do n't all airsoft rifles have a bright red end of the barrel ? 
  i do n't see how anyone can mistake it for a deadly weapon . 
  btw i would be very reluctant to give any credence to what the perps ( i mean the good ossifers ) are saying or what the media are reporting ... 
   `` violently depriving others of the land & it 's natural resources unless they surrender part of their production to their attacker . '', 
  according to your definition , if i live in a cabin in the woods i still `` deprive others , '' do n't i. 
   i 'm against using violence/property to exploit . 
  but you do n't define what `` exploit '' means ... 
  red herring ? 
  it 's meaningless . 
  mother feeding a child is being exploited according to this definition ... 
  ( austrian ) economics does n't deal with morality . 
  it 's non-normative . 
  so , the question if the end is profitable with given means can be answered by economic calculation . 
  the question if the end ** justifies ** the means can not . 
   if not the ends , then what does justify our means ? 
  nothing ? 
  `` if one takes care of the means , the end will take care of itself . '', 
  consider the scenario : there are four dying kids . 
  the only way to save them is to do organ transplants . 
  one kid needs a heart , two need a kidney and one needs a liver . 
  there are no donors at this time . 
  yet , there is a healthy kid who is a perfect match for all four . 
  from utilitarian perspective it is totally justified , even more it is an imperative , to kill the kid and donate his organs to the four . 
  _ ps _ even though no self described utilitarian is going to admit that , from utilitarian perspective dr. mengele was a hero not a monster . 
  _ pps _ the above scenario is indistinguishable ( from moral perspective ) to the one often cited : the runaway train , four dudes on the track , you at the switch and the only one dude on the second track . 
  do you pull the switch ? 
   that 's absurd . 
  yes i agree , you reasoning is absurd . 
   the mother is not attacked , & is giving voluntarily . 
  the renter is not attacked either and is also giving voluntarily . 
   i was obviously referring to products of work . 
  how did the mother obtain the food if not by working ? 
   the obvious one is a laser pointer, 
  only if you want to blind yourself/someone else ... 
   property is enforced violently, 
  property can be enforced violently , does n't mean non-trespassers ( like renters ) are being attacked . 
   please stop spamming me, 
  you do n't want the discussion , just were hoping for some little circle-jerk . 
  i think you are in the wrong subreddit for that . 
  and you should have warned others that 's what you are after , so we would n't waste our time . 
  only if you are a moral nihilist . 
  afraid you are wasting your time . 
  the people here ( like the other left-wingers anywhere ) do n't do thinking , they just `` feel . '', 
  and even those who are capable of doing some thinking have to short attention span to comprehend what you are saying . 
  you are just proving my point . 
  does it really hurt your little brain that much to do some processing at the consciousness level ? 
  impressive . 
  all that effort banging on the keyboard and not even one coherent thought - just some memorized `` fair share '' and `` contribute to society '' bromides . 
  oh , and generous amount of insults ... , 
  btw you should really complain to your school board - they obviously failed to teach you anything about geography . 
  sudan is more of a statist paradise , you were most likely think about somalia . 
  i know , i know ... they are both on the same continent and start with 's ' ... 
  do you really believe it has any impact ( other than the amusement of the staffers ? ), 
  probably because he is a pro gun rights democrat . 
  with or without your letters he is still on the same side ( on this issue . ), 
  so , if you write to someone who shares your opinion on the topic it will have no impact .
