  hmm ... the photos in question show a little bit more than waterboarding , do n't they ... 
   zoning can seem tyrannical , but the lack of zoning gets all sorts of people in a hissy fit when a bar opens down the street from them, 
  man , how did residents of houston tx ever manage to survive without zoning ... ? 
   the city requires a sidewalk vendors permit from everybody, 
  so , if they fuck everybody up it 's ok ? 
   the mafia requires a protection payment from everybody, 
  ftfy, 
  is that so ? 
  care to point out what is not rational ? 
   c # and vb.net all compile to the same il code . 
  believe it or not , haskell and c++ compile to the same machine code ... 
  but there 's nothing more hilarious than somebody else having their face torn off ... , 
   i love fiji water , but feel like an asshole when i buy it ... 
  i sometimes buy bottled water on a very hot day . 
  it says on the label `` coors light '' or something like that . 
  on the normal day i prefer beer ... , 
  ok , still it does n't explain why somebody who likes it feels like an asshole buying it ... 
  with enough vaseline we can take more ... 
  next : a pony for all federal children ... 
   you have to have significant financial resources to make a move like that . 
  you do ? 
  shit , if i knew that some 25 years ago , i 'd stay home ... < / sarcasm , 
  but , silly me , i left without a penny . 
   there is probably not a job in the world that you ca n't perform with an iq of 120, 
  hmm ... believe me , you do n't want me as an opera singer ... , 
   i do n't think that any group has any significantly greater abundance of these genetic traits than any other, 
  you do n't dispute that some groups have different average melanin content in their skin . 
  obviously genetic trait . 
  why do you get so angry at the notion some groups might have higher average iq ? 
   the difference between the pay scales is something that pops out at that age as well, 
  that 's not necessary the case ... compare payscales of plumbers vs english majors ... 
  you really prefer health care based on what the bureaucrats decide you can have ? 
   oj simpson got to kill his wife , run from the cops , and get acquitted . 
  he gets acquitted because marcia and chris failed to prove beyond reasonable doubt he did it ... 
   the person was unarmed and handcuffed, 
  _ [ citation needed ] _, 
   these bipartisan bills are a vital step to modernize and improve batfe operations . 
  hmm ... 
  i 'm not quite sure we really want to `` modernize '' and `` improve '' f-troops ' operations ... 
  `` publicly funded '' is never a good idea ... 
  do n't think so ... that 's just 41 years ... 
  the same was said about telephone ... 
   the police , according to grossman , are `` sheepdogs , '' people specially endowed by god , or evolution , or something , with `` the gift of aggression . '', 
  the rest of us are mere `` sheep '' who `` live in denial ... [ not wanting to acknowledge ] that there is evil in the world . '', 
  hmm ... now , in the real life , the task of the sheepdog is to make sure sheep do n't stray from the path ( to the pasture , fleecing , or slaughterhouse ) , not much to `` protect '' the sheep from wolves ... 
  actually , yes . 
  did you ? 
  the bribe was n't high enough ... 
   gun control worked for us, 
  worked how ? 
  i 'm pretty sure the mosquitos whatthedude kills are severely mutilated in the process ... 
  can i create a little enclave for the bunny rabbits in your garden ? 
  hmmm ... must be very comforting for big thugs , rapists , muggers etc. . . not so much for old ladies , small guys and pretty young women ... 
  is there really anyone naive enough to think the nics records ever go away ... ? 
   \u266b ( if you drive a car car ) , i 'll tax the street ,, 
  ( if you try to sit sit ) , i 'll tax your seat ,, 
  ( if you get too cold cold ) , i 'll tax the heat ,, 
  ( if you take a walk walk ) , i 'll tax your feet \u266b, 
  dictator can be elected ... 
  also bitches in swimming pools ... , 
  sure , and books and computers never need to leave the library ... 
   your argument boils down to `` we 're in the majority , so fuck you and your right to defend yourself '', 
  ... and he keeps forgetting than , even if we are in the minority , we are the ** armed ** ones ... , 
   i just say random things, 
  sure looks that way ... 
  actually , yes it is ... 
  because krugman says daddy o will make everything ok and schiff says you better watch out ... 
   not having political motivations, 
  you are kidding , right ? 
  right ? 
   murder rates are n't very high either, 
  ... depends how you define [ high ] ( http://www.data360.org/graph_group.aspx?graph_group_id=441 ) ... 
  iow : you do n't mind war as long as democrat is the cic ... 
   then there 's no point in voting at all . 
  hey , you 've got it !, 
  spoken like a true psychopath . 
   federal prosecutors said the cause of the deaths was hypotension , a rapid drop in blood pressure , but they could not determine what role , if any , norian xr played . 
  so , pretty much they do n't have any evidence that the cement had any role in these deaths ... iow : some asshole prosecutor is having some political ambitions and thinks the prosecution of `` filthy rich , big pharma guy '' will help ... 
   somebody needed to get word to these prosecutors that they 're operating here in the united states , not in the soviet union or burma, 
  oh , but we are getting there ... :(, 
  baaaaan ... !, 
  perhaps they thought it 's nobody 's business ... ? 
   country last, 
  uhmm ... country suffers when senator bangs his aide ... ? 
  is n't it the promise of every new president ... ? 
  are you blaming accidents caused by sober drivers on `` sober driving '' ... ? 
   let me get this straight : the poor have no right to expect welfare or some leeway on self-organization but the federal gov ' t merely threatening to not do something for a state is a ransom note ? 
  hmm ... if the welfare mom was told her next check is gon na come in only if she sucks the dick of the welare clerk , would you call it a `` ransom note ? '', 
   actually , lew , that 's exactly what the law is . 
  actually no , joel , that 's what the law is not . 
  it 's about probabilities ... same way as the law jailing all black males between 18 and 28 , because that 's the group responsible for most crimes , would be . 
   ( maybe a new magna carta that embodies all the citizenry 's rights , not just the nobles ), 
  you forgetting one simple thingie : the nobles had swords - that 's why kings had to honor mc ... you guys were stripped of your tools of defense some time ago ... 
  so , anytime you try to protest all you gon na hear is : `` what ` ya gon na do about it , punk ? '', 
  ... and have some fun ... :(, 
  no , in my view the danger depends on so many factors it 's meaningless to single out just one ... 
  would you consider introducing `` driving while < ethnic/racial factor  '' as a legitimate offense if some ethnic/racial group caused significantly higher than average number of accidents ... ? 
  if somebody is exceptionally lousy driver , it will increase the risk even more ... besides , in many states you can be hauled to jail after just one beer ... 
  televised ? 
  youtubed ?
