  the former being arguably much clearer term , whereas tha later was being used to describe so many different systems that the term itself has almost no meaning anymore . 
  i guess my point is : whenever you have a `` managed '' economic system there 's a good chanse of disastrous results when the `` managers '' misjudge the situation ( or are a bumbling idiots in the first place . ), 
  self-regulating `` laissez faire '' economy has a distinc advantage of being ... , well , `` self-regulated . '', 
  the misjudgements are mostly localised and do n't cause catastrophic results for the whole economy . 
   to be sure , there is a certain degree of uncertainty involved in modeling and predicting future changes in the climate , but `` you do n't need to have a climate model to know that climate change is a problem , '' oreskes said . 
  < sigh /  since the `` climate change '' is the fucking constant in earth history i guess we have to live with a constant `` problem . '', 
  but we are not plastering the individual votes all over the internet . 
  buffet 's oppinion in this matter is as valid as tyson 's or yours or any other american . 
  $ 0 is not what he spent , it 's the debt he has . 
  i 'm confused ... you think the guy was sane ? 
  infrastructure ? 
  like what ? 
  roads ? 
  the 're paid for by gas taxes all the other stuff is private . 
  police ? 
  i never call police they are only making anything they touch turn into shit , reverse midases , so to speak . 
  fire dept is all voluntary around here , with other costs paid by the local city hall , ie property taxes . 
  medical ? 
  you are kidding , right ? 
   an unqualified person can write software that will work . 
   an unqualified person could never design an i.c. 
  that would function . 
  too many problems to solve , to much knowledge needed . 
  oh , i do n't know - i 'm pretty sure that with some additional reaserch i could design let 's see , amplifier ic . 
  it would `` work , '' kinda - you would , obviously , shudder on the design , characteristics , performance , etc but it would `` work . '', 
  you can probably guess right now how competent software developers feel about `` software that works '' written by unqualified person . 
  or lousy programmer , for that matter ... 
  edit : formatting, 
   so they were n't a bit better than the nazi dickheads . 
  well , there 's a differnce between persecuting people and indifference to it . 
  not that the last is excusable , of course ... 
  `` if it 's worth doing , it 's worth overdoing '' < snicker / , 
   by the way , getting your amplifier to work in a circuit is substantially different than getting it to turn on . 
  so , now you have to be condescending ... 
  i know , i used to build transistor amplifiers for fun back then ... 
   but seriously , a misunderstanding of science is not limited to americans alone -- plenty of people out there are equally clueless . 
  although , non-americans seem to have less tendency to flap their yaps in authoritative tone about thinks they have no clue ... 
  better yet buy green beans and the coffe roaster ... 
   forming a hasty generalization based on anecdotal evidence, 
  hey , that 's how human brain works ... it allowed our ancestors to run up the tree on the first sight of a lion , after he 's seen his buddy devoured . 
  scientific method would n't really work , in such cases ... , 
  upvoted for the sentiment . 
  unfortunately , modern day liberal elites do n't seem to share it . 
  remember hillary stiffing a waitress ... ? 
  otoh rush limbaugh gets a rough ride because he tips exceptionally well . 
  ( now , please do n't accuse me of liking limbaugh , i do n't ever since clinton 's gone . 
  edit : spelling, 
   the experts say one of the ways you can predict a future serial killer is if he 's cruel to animals and thinks it 's entertaining . 
  you use the same method to predict a future matador . 
  the only difference is that the future serial killer does n't dress like an organ grinder 's monkey and masturbate furiously after killing the mammal . 
  so , if bull fighting keeps some bozos from becoming serial killers , maybe it 's not such a bad idea ? 
  especially since , from time to time , bull wins . 
  not happening too often for serial killers ' victims ... 
   and has mitt always talked like will farrell 's impression of george w. bush, 
  he really sounds that way , does n't he . 
  what happens when clueless thinks he 's funny ... 
  what 's the surprise ? 
  he 's career politician , after all ... 
  tucker ? 
  fan of ron paul ? 
  you 've got ta be kidding . 
  he 's just covering all bases , just in case ... 
  well , they did before now , did n't they . 
  hmmm , nevada - not much grass there i recon ... , 
  sick !, 
  but funny nevertheless ... upvoted . 
  downmodded for the server speed ( or lack thereof . ), 
  interesting . 
  it shows psychopathy does n't necessery run in family , bushes/kennedys notwithstanding . 
  i do n't know , first i never had a chance to see if it 's worth donating to , second ( not necessery in order of importance ) i never even got to see the `` donate '' button ... , 
  well , first time i tried most of the images come up as little x inside the square , after looong wait . 
  i tried the second time when you asked - no problems ... other than i do n't get the joke ... guess not really my kind of humor ... 
  edit : btw it was n't a problem on my side - no slow down on any other site ... 
  no prob , not everybody 's sense of humor is the same - it 'd be pretty boring if it were ... , 
  extremly wealthy ... ? 
  i bet formula 1 car is much more expensive than the small plane ... 
  i 'll buy , on the condition i can fuck you to death with it 's help . 
  actually , it 's a kindergarten taunt on my name ... , 
  well , barnett might have started as a libertarian back when he was young an idealistic - then he discovered what is more profitable for a `` pundit '' ... 
  edit : spelling, 
  heh heh ... it 's called `` voting from the rooftops '' ... 
   these guys should n't be afraid of doing their jobs, 
  their jobs are shooting unarmed people in the back ? 
  would the scenario : `` you go to the demonstration , somebody throws a rock '' be enough ? 
  why do n't you enlighten us then ? 
  ok , again : yo go to the demonstration against iraq war - satisfies b. 
  and than somebody at the demonstration throws a rock - covers a. 
  you lose your house and bank account.qed, 
  edit : spelling, 
  soon enough everybody will use their rfid number - problem solved !, 
  the prophet algore hath spoken !, 
  being pretty much agnostic , i still think everybody having rfid chip is kinda creepy ... 
  edit : btw my comment above was an attempt at sarcasm ... , 
   the debt did n't acquire itself . 
  some of it was spent on something, 
  like hon. 
  f. u. porkbringer 7-lane memorial highway from eastern podunk to western podunk ... oh almost forgot all these nice bombs we delivered to vietnamease people and keep delivering to iraqis ... 
   however , the existence of the fda and its legal requirements for food quality compel the food companies to make safe food, 
  obviously , the food companies would otherwise poison us all ... 
  would bribing fda parasites be one of them ?
