   do you really think it 's impossible that machines eventually outsmart humans, 
  not the current ones ... 
  they are all [ dfas ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/deterministic_finite_state_machine ) , can not have free will and , therefore , can not really think ( in human sense ) . 
   let 's see , millions and millions of people going to walmart every day without incident , vs a handful of reports of violence, 
  let 's see , millions and millions of homes not burning down vs a handful of ones that do burn down . 
  why would any sane person buy the fire insurance ? 
  are they allowing fear of fire to control their lives ? 
   or work on educating her so she wo n't carry, 
  or , better yet , work on educating yourself so it wo n't bother you ... , 
   prove that free will requires non-determinism . 
  now , this is pretty obvious : free will means you can make up your mind . 
  determinism means your mind was made up already . 
   then please also prove that thinking , in a human sense , requires free will . 
  again , ` thinking ' means you can make up your mind ... , 
  btw i could simply ask you to prove the opposite ... , 
   it 's very easy to introduce non-determinism with an external random source . 
  [ although the dfa and nfa have distinct definitions , it may be shown in the formal theory that they are equivalent ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nondeterministic_finite_automata ), 
   how do you know that we have free will , by the way ? 
  introspection . 
   what makes you think we have free will ? 
  introspection . 
  what makes you think we do n't ? 
   i just ca n't think of any evidence that we have more or less free will than anything else . 
  ok , poke a stone with a stick and you can know beforehand what its reaction gon na be . 
   i also do n't see how introspection is an argument for ( or against ) free will . 
  is n't all we know based on ( somebody 's ) introspection ? 
  let 's put it that way : if we are indeed dfas then ( at least in theory ) there should be possible to build emulator that can tell us exactly what we will do in any circumstance . 
  i do n't respond well to somebody ( or something ) telling me what i have to do , and quite often will do the opposite just from spite . 
  if i am wrong , something would `` make me '' to do as the emulator told me ... 
   how can i know that i really had a choice in the matter ? 
  hmm ... if somebody told you ( on a very good authority ) you are predestined to spell the word the right way , what would your thought process be ? 
  would you follow your fate or would you try to be a contrarian ? 
  what would prevent you from misspelling ? 
   does that prove humans have free will , or just that we know more about rocks ? 
  good point . 
  just treat it as one piece of the circumstantial evidence . 
   if you define free will as being `` not a dfa '', 
  well , not being dfa is necessary but not sufficient for free will . 
   that still does n't say whether or not we are dfas or have free will, 
  until we have a mathematical model of the human mind and precise definition of free will , we can not really prove anything either way . 
  the way i see it there 's enough circumstantial evidence that we do have a free will . 
  call it `` jacekplacek 's conjecture '' , 
  more of the circumstantial evidence : you feed the same input into the dfa and you gon na get consistent behavior . 
  not so with humans . 
   it also still does n't say anything about the necessity or not of free will for intelligence , artificial or otherwise . 
  well , i 'm talking about the `` conscious '' or `` self aware '' intelligence - it seems to require a free will as it does n't just respond to inputs and performs calculations . 
  from introspection  i know that my thought process can go in any direction i like and it does n't really `` feel '' predetermined . 
  ( another piece of circumstantial evidence ), 
  from the different point of view : we evolved to posses self awareness . 
  if we were deterministic that would be completely pointless function , since it could n't really affect our actions . 
   your argument for having free will is then , you do n't like the implications of not having free will , is that correct ? 
  i simply never experienced such a thing , nor did anybody i know . 
  ( unless you count schoolyard bully , 
  well , the oracle could tell you what will you do after it tells you what its verdict is ... , 
  no , it 's a ponzi scheme because the current participants are supposed to get paid out of the funds collected from the future participants . 
  yes it does . 
  it relies on future participants to pay the current ones . 
  when the future suckers refuse to pay , or do n't pay enough , or there 's not enough of them - the whole scheme collapses . 
  well , it only proves there 's a delay between `` making up your mind '' and vocalizing your intent ... how would it work if the subject were to say `` on the count of three i 'm gon na move my leg ... '', 
  how did they determine at what point in time the decision to move your leg somewhere in the future was made ? 
  how do they know what was the delay between forming ( consciously or not ) the decision and vocalizing it ? 
  it looks to me like one of those `` experiments '' designed to confirm the scientist 's bias ... 
   the problem is that things are either random or deterministic . 
  is n't that the whole point of this argument ? 
  if there 's no free will your observation is correct , but if there is a free will there 's a third case in your switch statement ... 
   it appears that decision making is simply a result of neural activity ( whether it 's random or deterministic is another topic ) and then you become aware of it and your cerebral cortex rationalizes the decision and makes you think it was your ` will ' . 
  does it mean the cortex is just a lipstick on a pig ? 
  if what you say is correct then we could remove the cortex of the author of the study and he would be able to function as well as before ( minus the irrelevant self awareness ) ... perhaps he could perform another study . 
   unless your analytic abilities are unimportant ... 
  well , if they do n't make any difference in decision making ... 
   deterministic is just a synonym for non-random, 
  says who ? 
  there 's no reason for non-deterministic thing being random . 
   free will just meant that there was a soul, 
  it does n't have to be so . 
  if we are something more than dfas , we can have free will without having soul . 
   yet ron paul has introduced legislation that very explicitly has no purpose except to allow states to strip civil rights from people that the federal government recognizes and protects . 
  or , to disallow federal government to impose on states stripping from the people the civil rights , that the states recognize and protect ... 
  or like allowing massachusetts to make gay marriages legal if ever our beloved fed leaders decided to make it illegal ... or allowing the states to keep abortion legal if scotus ever overturned roe vs wade ... or allowing some states to ignore the patriot act ... 
  or even allowing northern states back then to get rid of slavery ... 
  but no , ** everybody ** knows the federal government is a wise and benevolent body and would never , ever do anything to oppress people ... 
   all the issues in question are ones where the states want to restrict people , not free them . 
  yeah ? 
  tell it to gay couples in massachusetts ... 
   he supported doma, 
  nope . 
  he opposed it . 
   and nothing is stopping massachusetts from giving out gay marriages . 
  not now . 
  but if doma did pass ... 
   in this article he makes it quite clear that he supports the defense of marriage act . 
  perhaps , you should read the article before you comment ... 
  `` the marriage protection act thus ensures that the authority to regulate marriage remains with individual states and communities , as the drafters of the constitution intended . '', 
   so it would have prevented the courts from ruling that doma is unconstitutional , if it had passed . 
  and it would also prevent the courts from ruling the massachusetts has to disallow gay marriages ... 
  it 's the stick that has two ends ... 
   look give me one simple uncontroversial example that does n't involve magic of a non-deterministic non-random process . 
  i go to the restaurant and pick my meal . 
   now if i do everything for a reason then my decisions are predictable , if you could keep track of how i felt initially and exactly what happened to me you would always know what i would do . 
  only applies to dfas ...
