  edit : i mean vaclav klaus ... , 
  4 [ reposess ] ( http://www.road-tech.com/images/road_tech-001a.jpg ) ... , 
  no jolt ... ? 
  < sigh /  here we go again ... zanu ( mugabe 's party ) is a maoist party and maoism is a faction of marxism-leninism . 
  and he certainly was applauded by the left ( and not only ) after becoming prime minister ( 1980 , independence of former rhodesia . ), 
  it went downhill from there and his support among marxist started to wane ... see above . 
  ok , i can sell good replica of mona lisa for couple of grand ( i mean _ really _ good replica . ), 
  how much can i get for the _ exact _ replica of this piece of art ... ? 
   but other articles say witnesses described the murder weapon as some kind of assault rifle . 
  no surprise here . 
  your average reporter could n't tell the `` assault rifle '' from the supersoaker ... 
  edit : citation to clarify ... 
  caliber does n't really matter if you miss ... 
  oh , no doubt about it ... question is was it a public or private entity ... 
   it 's called visual intermodal prevention response . 
  we have plainclothes inspectors , blue-gloved uniformed security officers who are checking baggage , the behavior detection officers , and federal air marshals , which are the law enforcement arm of tsa . 
  two by two , hands of blue ... 
   the prospect of incarceration effectively deters you from committing crime, 
  no , it deters me from getting caught . 
  edit : citation, 
  do n't be fucking ridiculous ... 
   i think we 're headed into another `` dark ages . '', 
  headed ? 
  no , we are already there ... 
  uhm ... it 's reichstag and it was burned , not bombed ... 
  edit : typo, 
  because that 's the side which is always facing us ? 
  why do you feel a need to feed this particular troll ? 
  it 's not like he 's hiding his nature ... 
  i give him that . 
  downmoded for `` do n't downmod '' plea ... 
  let ? 
  when i want to stand up , i stand up ( if i can , of course ...  any asshole who 'd try to prevent me from standing up better watch his balls ... 
   ethernet cards come in two flavors : one that accepts 10 mbps , and another that accepts 100 mbps . 
  the 1000 mbps i run on my network must be a mirage ... 
  there 're still tribes in amazon who are not aware of the rest of the world ... maybe we are still savages nobody bothers to disturb ( or is n't disturbing on purpose ) and not sophisticated enough to recognise the presence of others ? 
  your regular maher - sometimes funny , more often clueless ... 
   any galactic super-civilization too snooty and disapproving to even say `` hi '' , i do n't want a part of . 
  hey , do n't be so harsh on them ...  perhaps we are something so common in the universe nobody pays any attention to anymore , you do n't say `` hi '' to every sparrow who flies by ... 
   the last time that was true was in the 1960s, 
  so , perhaps we are still in the 60s galacticly speaking ... 
   but i do n't see how they can be unaware of the larger outside world any more though . 
  there are jet aircraft in the sky , and there are explorers and stuff ( even these 3rd world countries have civil servants who are supposed to protect these isolated groups ) who show up and try to make contact and give them t-shirts from hooters and old super bowl winners . 
  and in the planet orbiting the star far away similar discussions about earth : `` i do n't know how they can be unaware of our presence anymore , there are quasars in the sky an the ocassional explorer in what they call `` flying soucers , '' not to mention all the patterns we carve at great expense in their corn fields ... , 
  but algor is a prophet blessed by gaia ... mere scientist ca n't even compare to great algor ... 
  even after he took the mask off ... ?!, 
  man , you 're one horny dude ... !!, 
   i like having roads , power plants , relative food safety , relative drug safety , licensing for doctors and lawyers , and many other things . 
  and, 
   `` would you get rid of these ? 
  dept of edu , dept of homeland sec , dept of energy , irs , fema , un , nato , interstate commerce commision , nafta , wto , unicef '' ron paul `` yes '', 
  do you really believe you need federal department for everything you like ? 
  i like internet , i like beer , i also like movies . 
  should we start demanding creation of department of the internet , beer and movies ... ? 
   show me where in real history privatizing anything having to do with the common good actually ended up being a boon for the people . 
  poland ca late 80ies . 
  privatized production and distribution of goods ( including food . ), 
  effect : the stores where before you could get only vinager ( i 'm not kidding ) started carrying all things people desire ... 
  yup , and in soviet russia government was baking bread . 
  also , there were dimwits like you there , who believed they would starve if it was n't for the good daddy government ... 
   which i have yet to see a sigle libertarian argue about licenses, 
  you do n't know too many libertarians , do you . 
  let 's face it - the main ( if not the only ) purpose of licenses is to generate revenue ... and , perhaps , give insecure people some ( false ) feeling of security . 
  now , the corporations ... what 's their main purpose ? 
  obviously , making money . 
  how do you make most money in a free market ? 
  there 's only one way - keep your customers happy . 
  poisoning your customers is not a good business decision !, 
  but there are people who might not realise that ( after all not all people are rational , ) that 's where the legal system plays a role . 
  if some evil/stupid corp is poisoning people , sue them . 
  they gon na get bankrupt pretty fast and if there 's proof of malice , responsible people in those corporations can be prosecuted as well . 
  you gave an example of fda `` making sure alcohol makers do n't add formaldehyde . '', 
  obviously not true - fda does n't test every batch of beer , they can only make a regulation `` adding formaldehyde to beer is not allowed . '', 
  but everybody knows that already , it 's already covered by the more generic rule : `` poisoning people is not allowed . '', 
  fda adds nothing ( other than `` feeling of being safe '' for some people , perhaps ) to the equation but it certainly costs a lot ... 
  but since he found his calling he is above such trivialities as presidency ... he 's gon na save the earth ... 
  no i whoreship him ... , 
   so you 'd goto an unlicensed doc ? 
  if he 's a competent doctor what do i care about license ? 
   or travel with a pilot that has no instrument license ? 
  if he is competent pilot i do n't give a fuck about license ... 
   up yours . 
  getting horny ? 
  just from reading completly asexual thread on reddit ?!, 
  you should try to get out mopre often , it 's not healthy ... 
   what about driving ? 
  i do n't want legally blind to be able to just get on the road . 
  lol , you are something ... 
  i can just imagine the blind gramps getting into new m6 , then telling himself `` nope , i do n't have license , can not do that ! '', 
  and backing off ... do you have any connection to reality whatsoever ?!, 
  and from your link :, 
   the state of indiana has issued a permit that allows bp to discharge more ammonia and suspended solids as part of a $ 3.8 billion expansion of the company 's whiting refinery , one of the largest facilities of its kind in the nation . 
  wait !, 
  does n't it look like it 's not a business decision - it 's the * license to pollute * that was just granted to bp by the state of indiana ... !, 
  so , which side are you arguing again ?!, 
   or even have a kit that can be requested for vis a website that would allow people like you or me to test it if we felt like it . 
  just [ do it ] ( http://www.photovac.com/2020ppbpro.aspx?gclid=clk9gyzq340cfsgrggodaxc4mq ) then ... what do you need the fda for ? 
   what shows you he is ? 
  you think license does ? 
  since _ every _ doctor in this country is licensed do you think there are no incompetent doctors ?
