  yeah , but that 's a different argument ...  i was n't arguing against proposition that atheists are moral , i was arguing that the low incarceration rate is n't a good indicator ... 
  and to be fair to our religious friends , people tend to internalize external incentives if exposed long enough . 
  so , somebody who since childhood was told that stealing is gon na burn him in hell , might after a while internalize the notion that stealing is bad . 
   are only 90 % as good, 
  that 's a very charitable assessment ... , 
  you have any evidence they were n't armed ? 
  you mean there 's a reason to buy an american car ... ? 
  ( other than brain damage , that is < g , d & r  ), 
  and the main reason is ... 
  surely , there 's a potential for a huge profit for you . 
  just get together couple of programmers , make them read sicp , and start a new company . 
  any software your company developes will `` work reliably , quickly , and easily . '', 
  you will have obvious advantage over all the other software development companies who think profit is in selling buggy software ... 
  nah , women do n't cheat on you because you are ugly and crippled , they cheat on you if you are no good in bed ... 
   i can only hope that this is some kind of sick propaganda a la `` look at these barbaric iraqis '' . 
  would n't surprize me ... remember kuwaiti babies thrown out of incubators ? 
  which , arguably , is less barbaric ... 
  would you rather have your hand chopped off or be subjected to 20 years of incarceration , anal rape and other abuse ? 
  i guess some people might choose the later , i 'd go for the former ... 
  well , i do n't claim to read op 's mind but i did n't take it literaly . 
  saudi justice system is known for what you call `` truncating '' not for `` chopping up . '', 
  hmm ... 
  i do n't see how it refutes what i just said ... 
  sure . 
  the question is which one is more barbaric ... , 
  still , it 's based on cornell u study ... reputable enough for you ? 
   america . 
  many prisoners . 
  live better than most 3rd world citizens . 
  any questions ? 
  yeah . 
  when are you gon na volunteer ... 
  because , tovarishtch , people like living ( and driving their cars . ), 
  and a ** holes who try to force people to do otherwise like die ( or take a bus ) are not appreciated ... 
  they added sugar to it ???!, 
  what 's wrong with bats ? 
  which is a real shame because the message is worth hearing ... :(, 
   i 'd be curious to know if those who identify as libertarian would support low taxes even if it were somehow to be empirically proved that higher taxes lead to greater prosperity and increased standard of living . 
  yes . 
  now my question for you : i assume you are not in favor of slavery . 
  would you still oppose this institution if it was empirically and theoretically proven beyond any doubt that slavery leads to greater prosperity and increased standard of living ? 
   but to make the analogy between slavery and taxes is to engage in the same fallacy . 
  i would rather die than be enslaved . 
  would you rather die than pay a penny tax enacted by your local democratically elected government to fund a desperately needed road repair ? 
  as you noticed it is a matter of degree ... 
  so , if slavery ( or let 's call it less loaded name like `` indentured servitude '' ) was only `` part time '' would it be acceptable to you ? 
  if the same government that taxes you a penny to fix the road required you to spend an hour a month fixing this road would you be glad to go `` for a greater good ? '', 
  what about 20 hours a week in the coal mine ? 
  and the `` desperately need repair '' part . 
  was n't necessity and argument for slavery back then ? 
  like in `` who is to grow all this desperately needed cotton ... '', 
  and you know that from playing what game ... ? 
  if you select font 4 times larger maybe your argument will have some merit ... 
  if you are so afraid just convert now , you 'll be safer ... 
  are n't they all ... ? 
  got only 7 right ... lol , hard to tell them apart ... 
   first of all , i have to assume that you are not black , because your knowledge of the scope and depth of hip-hop is ... lacking . 
  your assumption is incorrect ... 
  any good recipes ? 
  these other scientists stray from the true path of holy prophet algor ( gaia bless him ) ... 
  do n't be so sure ... 
  this might be true in _ your _ case ... 
  all either victimless `` crimes '' or lashing out on the assholes who try to deprive him of his liberty ... so , no , he 's no `` criminal '' in my books ... 
  ok , so you reject algebra because it was islamofacists that came up with it . . ? 
  omg !, 
  nazis and nyt took over google !!, 
   i wonder how many of the idiots replying in this thread know that haaretz is an israeli newspaper . 
  i bet most of the `` idiots '' know that - it only shows the israelis have more freedom of speech concerning middle east than americans ... 
  cool . . one nitpick though - there 're no samurais anymore . 
  the guy is just a great swordsman ... 
  screw the polar bears . 
  otoh they survived middle holocene did n't they . 
  i 'll start believing this shit when algore buys prime real estate in northern alaska and yukon ... 
   see , if you hold the dog 's tail very firmly , the rest of the dog wags !, 
  uhmm ... in my experience if you hold the dog 's tail very firmly the rest of the dog bites ... , 
  where there 's a dough , there 's a will ... 
  according to the author of this rant , water is a pollutant as well . 
  he would n't like to be put into glass container filled with water , after all . 
  he has a pretty good record of integrity as a congressman ... 
  i think he means `` if programming is not what you love , do n't do it . '', 
  i 've seen too many programmers who did n't love it and were really miserable in their jobs ... ( not to mention they were n't good at it either ), 
  if you want to do something about darfur why do n't you grab ak47 and go there . 
  but it 's much easier to feel good about yourself by urging your politicians to send some other people kids there , is n't it . 
  i want small , benign cancer . 
  not big , deadly one ... , 
  how do you know zack got c because he was lazy ? 
  how do you know ? 
  very carefully ... , 
  nope , just fuerher ... 
   if you do n't have a gun , finding a gun to commit suicide with presents a logistical challenge . 
  it 's common sense . 
  if you do n't have a gun you hang yourself , or jump , or use some other means to end your life . 
  you do n't have to find a gun . 
  yes . 
  i was replying to a specific comment by souldrift , not the study . 
  you need to start to associate with more hygiene conscious gals ... 
  besides , if you 're not wearing a seatbelt you might damage government property ... 
  you do n't think cops would risk _ their _ asses for mere civilians , do you ... 
  and who is _ we _ ... ? 
  so how come they refer to the rest of us as `` civilians ? '',
