  culture but i do n't see it as something threatening or sinister . 
  why do you assume it would be better if it was all waspy ? 
  how can you say he is ? 
  what 's the difference ( other than rethoric ) between bush and clinton ? 
  clinton advocated socialised medicine , but it was bush who actually implemmented part of it ( free drugs for geezers . ), 
  clinton bombed and starved iraq , bush bombed iraq and send the troops there . 
  clinton was a big proponent of raising the minimum wage - bush actually did ... etc , etc. 
  actually it 's not the caption but paragraph from the article . 
  caption does n't say anything about the uniforms ... 
  [ this ] ( http://seliger2007.ru/news/15279 ) otoh ... 
   there are no free drugs . 
  ok , _ almost _ free drugs ... 
   there are certain subsidies for some people, 
  you mean not all geezers are covered ? 
  so who is excluded ? 
   by and large that bill turned out to be of massive benefit to the drug companies . 
  and clinton never did anything to benefit large corporations ... are you a dnc mouthpiece or just incredibly naive ? 
   perhaps we should stop here . 
  clearly you ca n't discern between the situation in iraq now and during clinton, 
  ok you made it clear for me : bombing and starving some far away people - good , leftist policy . 
  bombing and invading them - bad , rightist policy . 
  i see the light !, 
  hail clinton !, 
   straw man . 
  try again . 
  do you know what `` straw man '' means ? 
  did n't think so ... 
   let 's ask this question . 
  which president did more to benefit large corporations . 
  i do n't know . 
  do you ? 
  but with something to back it up , please ... 
   the republitard speaks and thus reveals his true self . 
  oh , you crushed me with your brilliance ... let me ask you one question : `` did you pay for your education ? '', 
  if yes , you should demand refund ... btw : for your information - the first sentence of this paragraph was sarcastic ... google it ... 
  republitard ? 
  i was under impression you were a democrap , but i stand corrected - republitard it is . 
   i 'm talking about the real thing , not pretend-mercy . 
  so , to carify , can you give an example of leftist _ real _ mercy ? 
   i do n't think lenin was actually all that evil . 
  do you have any idea how many people lenin ordered executed ? 
  including women and children ? 
  te best known , of course , being tsar and his whole family - mercifull indeed . 
   it 's obvious by how you grouped these people together , although they are quite different and do n't belong together . 
  what do you men they do n't belong together ? 
  do you challange leftism of some of them ? 
  you 're pulling my leg , right ? 
  btw : what did tsar 's children do that warranted their execution ? 
  not all of them psychedelic , not all of them polish and not all of them movie ... 
  but pretty good sample of poster art . 
  i 'd rather see a sequel to `` serenity . '', 
  no mention of khazars ... ? 
  the guys from three letter agencies are not forbidden ... , 
   no , i do not love freedom, 
  we know that . 
  kinda like the guys who pulled boston tea party ... eh , foxtrot . 
  yeah , foxtrot , they were also guys who did n't want to pay taxes , pal . 
  hate to break it to you - this was _ their _ country ... and the taxes were pretty insignificant comparing to what your parasites are taking from you . 
  you just have much higher ability to rationalise your lack of balls ... 
  you delude yourself , it 's just what you choose to believe because the alternative would be painfull . 
  so , tell me why your great-gramps did n't have to pay any income taxes and somehow the country did n't suffer ? 
  oh , yeah - he did n't get `` services '' you do , like the ones you have to provide vaseline for ... 
   um . . how is the alternative painful ? 
  psychlogically painfull , foxtrot , assuming you have any self-respect left ... 
  so , your great gramps did n't have police/fire/schools / courts up and running ? 
  yeah , think about it . 
  he paid all the taxes you are paying _ minus _ the income tax , and he did have all the thingies you listed as essential services . 
  despite not having income tax , his country was already fast becoming the superpower . 
  despite not having income tax us could go to europe and decide the outcome of ww i. 
  so , ask yourself - what exactly is the money , your government is taking from your paycheck , paying for ? 
  as i already told you - only the `` services '' you have to bend over for . 
  your gramps was n't harrased at the random check points , he did n't have to show his id to any jackbooted thug who demanded to see it , he did n't have to be afraid of the swat team going to the wrong address , his banker did n't report all his transactions to the government , he was n't being spied on , his wife did n't have to worry about the undercover dea agents shooting her `` by mistake '' he could go and buy any damn gun he wanted - even the machine gun - without asking some low-life moron for permission , etc , etc. . . 
  yeah , he certainly did n't have those `` services . '', 
  if you asked yourself these question you might strat feeling the figurative pain in your ass and wonder why did you keep bending over all those years . 
  but i guess it 's much easier to rationalise this out and keep supplying vaseline ... 
  sure , foxtrot , keep your vaseline handy ... 
  it 's not the lack of argument that is the problem , it 's the way you deal with cognitive dissonance . 
   as our country advances and gets bigger and more technologically advanced their might be need to create additional sources of revenue, 
  so ponder this riddle : why for any entity that provides _ desired _ services or goods , as it `` grows bigger an more technologically advanced '' their prices go down ? 
  government is the _ only _ exception . 
  go , do some reaserch . 
  check how the government revenue per capita ( the `` price '' of government `` services '' ) changed over the years . 
  it 's guaranteed to give you another source of cognitive dissonance . 
  how you chose to deal with it is your choice . 
  all i can do is to lead you to the water , it 's up to you to start drinking ... 
  i 've been to the woods ... does it count ? 
  the teat party dudes did n't declare independence - that came about much later , after their government applyied some heavy handed tactics and after many others jouined them in protest ... 
   if they have a legal argument , then argue in court . 
  they tried that . 
  but the judge * did n't allow them to present their argument to the jury . 
  * for some strange reason , when the ( informed ) defendants in income tax cases are allowed to present their argument , juries tend to acquit ... 
  so , have them . 
  if that 's such a priority for you you would n't mind paying extra for fda certification . 
  if there 's more people like you businesses would pay for this certification . 
  why do you feel the need to steel my money at gunpoint , and kill me if i refused , to finance your feeling of insecurity ? 
  edit : typo, 
  what , you do n't think kerry is pretty ... ? 
   not all cops are evil fascists out to make life hell for everyone ? 
  of course not all . 
  but the half that are make up for the other half ... and more .
