  there was this joke : american president made israelis an offer to join us as a 51st state . 
  they politely declined . 
  when asked why they said `` we would end up with only 2 senators ... '', 
  people on reddit use imprecise language !, 
   why ? 
  this case was not dismissed . 
  because there 's a reasonable chance prosecution can show the defendants knew it was intended for the israeli government . 
  in the bergersen 's case , since there 's a doubt he knew it was for the chinese , there 's no way to prove he `` had a bad-faith reason to believe ... '', 
  it depends what you want to use the information for ... 
  hmm ... so why do they bother , if the buildings are falling neatly into their footprints on their own ? 
  cool !, 
  let 's go back to `` wooden plank between the teeth '' ... , 
  we need some woman-made , for a change ... , 
  yes it is . 
  just not universally acknowledged ... 
  needs a dentist visit ... , 
  you mean they were hidden before ? 
   khmer rouge had a lot of success using torture to extract confessions of guilt to justify summary executions . 
  that was my point . 
  should n't the title tip you off ... ? 
  you are looking in wrong places ... , 
   if you marry someone who feels that way, 
  what if you marry someone who starts to feel that way after 10 years of marriage ? 
  i am a buffoon . 
   i did n't expect something quite this dumb ( on several levels ), 
  can you elaborate ? 
  upon the random sample of those i had contact with ... 5 different countries , 6 different states : with a few exceptions , all arrogant assholes ... 
  what 's the `` practical '' purpose of ferrari ? 
  tell that to millions of people who use them for self defense every year ... 
  well , it 's a better idea than bringing a knife to gun fights ... , 
  long gun can be kinda cumbersome to carry around ... 
  you can use your handgun to get to your rifle ... , 
   only crazy crackheads break into your house while you 're there . 
  and you do n't think having a handgun on such occasion might serve some purpose ? 
   if you want to protect gun owners rights , write an amendment that actually states just that . 
  i do n't think it can get any more clear than `` the right of the people to carry and bear arms shall not be infringed . '', 
  it does n't say `` for the purpose '' , it says `` militia being necessary '' ... it 's stating the ( most important , in their minds , but not the only ) reason , not the purpose . 
  it 's kinda like : because it 's raining you have the right to carry an umbrella , does n't mean you do n't have the right if it 's not raining ... 
  because , in this case , it 's not ... 
   let the downmodding commence . 
  glad to oblige ... 
  yeah . 
   citation needed, 
   americans use firearms to defend themselves from criminals at least 764,000 times a year . 
  this figure is the lowest among a group of 9 nationwide surveys done by organizations including gallup and the los angeles times . 
  [ http://www.sovereignty.org.uk/siteinfo/newsround/gunlie.html] ( http://www.sovereignty.org.uk/siteinfo/newsround/gunlie.html ), 
   people are very surprised to learn that survey data show that guns are used defensively by private citizens in the u.s. from 1.5 to 3.4 million times a year, 
  [ http://www.pulpless.com/gunclock/stats.html] ( http://www.pulpless.com/gunclock/stats.html ), 
   according to the national self defense survey conducted by florida state university criminologists in 1994 , the rate of defensive gun uses can be projected nationwide to approximately 2.5 million per year, 
   hold on , i 'm going to call my 4 year old niece for a rebuttal . 
  give me 10 minutes . 
  good decision . 
  she can not possibly do any worse than you ... , 
  yup . 
  call your niece ... 
   because you agree ? 
  nope . 
  because it 's re-affirming plain language of the second ... 
  so , what did she say ? 
  you seem to miss a point . 
  if i say i want a hammer to nail something to the wall , saying that i could use nail gun does n't make a good argument against using a hammer ... 
  ... and there 's no good reason to have a hammer because you get all the functionality from a nail gun ... 
  well , she at least can still outgrow it ... , 
  it ca n't buy happiness but it can alleviate misery ... , 
   yes , we need re-regulation . 
  and, 
   limiting travel is one of the ways that totalitarian governments keep their people under control . 
  something does n't compute ... 
   i 'd love to do that to my car 's license plate, 
  that was my thought too ... great minds think alike , 
   this is the first time in recorded history that the supreme court has ruled the 2nd amendment to enshrine an individual right, 
  perhaps because no sane person would have any doubts , sc did n't have to rule on it before . 
  now , that sanity ( and understanding of english language ) is in short supply , they felt it 's time ... 
  so , `` the china syndrome '' should really be `` somewhere in the indian ocean , sw from australia syndrome '' ? 
  edit : fixed . 
   half-dozen or so references to it in past supreme court decisions over the last 200 years, 
  ok , name one that says it 's not an individual right ... 
  what , did n't you know ** anybody ** who does n't pee their pants on the sight of the gun , is a raving gun-nut ... ? 
   i am sure quite a few criminals, 
  now , if they were convicted under unconstitutional laws , they are not criminals ... 
   i live in a bad neighborhood in dc, 
  ... with bad guys already having guns , despite the ban ... 
   directly across the potomac is virginia where they do n't register arms and the government has flat out said that they do n't know how many weapons are in the state, 
  ... and have much lower crime to boot ... 
   as an atheist , i do n't agree that a creator gave me my rights . 
  as an atheist , the evolution is your creator . 
  and it `` gave '' you that right ... 
  everybody has a `` natural '' right to self defense . 
  but the militia is only one ( perhaps most important , in minds of the framers ) reason . 
  the right to keep and bear arms is not dependent on it . 
  they are both assholes ... 
  silly rabbit , some animals are more equal ... 
  it 's called `` voting from the rooftops '' ... 
   over 1mm iraqis dead, 
  are they really spread that thin ... 
  you are right , of course ... , 
  hmm ... that 's why i put quotes around `` gave '' ... and evolution `` gave '' you the right in a sense that if you do n't defend yourself darwin will straighten you up ... , 
   it really paints the picture of a media whitewash where it comes to defensive gun usage, 
  i do n't think it 's entirely conscious ... by the very nature of the profession , journalists are more likely to be from big cities and liberal-minded . 
  that would skew the process of selecting content against gun-friendly news , often without ill will ...
