  ca n't do - do n't have a tv ... gim me a link to it online then we 'll talk ... , 
  fahrenheit 451 meets v for vendetta in a twisted way ... 
  just because you dream of shooting squirrels with lahti does n't mean anybody else does ... < sigh / , 
  it ai n't gon na happen . 
  cool . 
  thanks . 
  you mean there 's no such thing as [ nashi ] ( http://www.nashi.su/ ) ? 
   what an absurd way to murder someone . 
  why not just shoot them or bash their head in ? 
  because it was n't just about killing , perhaps ? 
  shooting the guy would n't send a message ( anybody can do the shooting , ) if you want to make sure you let the other agents contemplating defection know it 's not a good choice you do something to make them know and scare the shit out of them . 
  putin 's old buddies were known for making points with their killings ... you might recall the [ umbrella incident ] ( http://www.cnn.com/2003/world/europe/01/07/terror.poison.bulgarian/index.html ) or icepick that ended the career of trotski ... 
  that does n't let putin off the hook ... 
  remember when bush `` looked into putin 's eyes and seen his soul ? '', 
  like a psychopath recognising another ... ? 
  i do n't knoow , foxtrot , you might get free sabbatical in cuba if our glorious decider decides you 're an enemy combatant ... 
  i know , it 's not likely in your case now , but think what can happen when hillary gets to wield this power ... 
   just imagine if canada was entirely waspy , and not full of the non-wasp people . 
  it would be a very different place . 
  i do n't know about that - seems to me the current trend in canada 's politics was established well before non-wasps had any say ... 
  how is it a right-left issue ? 
  when clinton was in charge he did absolutely nothing to change that ... 
  correct . 
  and bush is not a right-winger either ... but my point stands : it 's not a right-left issue , it 's political power vs people issue . 
  but your argument seems to boil down to `` if there were n't so many non-wasps there would n't be so many non-wasps , '' does n't it . 
  quite frankly , i 'm more concerned with the politics of the current elite than with it 's ethnic/racial make-up . 
  your point about jewish influence binding us elites to the israel 's cause might be valid , yet there still is evangelical christians ' ( definitely waspy ) influence , forcing us to follow israel 's interests , if for different reasons ... 
  clinton `` reduced '' the crime rate ? 
  did he heal the sick too ? 
  he is late ... 
   the jews bought off the evangelical leaders , and they have made their flock dance to the jewish tune ever since . 
  i was under impression they support israel because they belive it 's existance is needed for armageddon to happen ... 
   begin was so pleased with falwell 's pro-israel activities that in 1979 he gave the evangelical leader a lear jet . 
  which seems to support my notion - falwell was pro israel before he got the jet . 
  sure they do n't mind getting the goodies/money from the jews but that 's just the icing on the cake ... and vice versa - israelis do n't mind supporting evangelicals not out of sympathy but as the means to israel 's ends ... and that 's despite evangelicals ' beliefs jews are going to be either slaughtered or converted when the end times come ( hardly sympathetic to them . ), 
   you 'd say goodbye to the italian and jewish mafias , and their associated crime . 
  well , the mafia was pretty insignificant before ( wasps conceived ) prohibition ( s. ) it was an excellent environment to bread organised crime . 
  if there were no italians ( with an advantage of structures to build on ) there would be wasp mafias - you open up a niche , somebody 's gon na fill it in . 
   you 'd not have clever jewish lawyers making the most of a common law legal system . 
  as if there were n't enough wasp lawyers/politicians doing that ... just because jews seem to be overrepresented in certain professions does n't mean those professions would n't exist without them . 
  or would n't be as skilled in taking advantage of the zeitgeist ... 
  as for the other groups you associate certain characteristics with , you do n't really believe these characteristics are exclusive to them ... ? 
  if clinton could claim to be a libertarian why ca n't guliani ... , 
   historically the evangelical-jew relationship was different . 
  many christian figured jews were damned for rejected jesus and killing him . 
  and, 
   your focus on the beliefs of the evangelicals is naive . 
  the flock focuses on the charisma of the preacher . 
  the preacher focuses on the bottom line , and can change dogma accordingly . 
  the apocaliptic beliefs of evangelicals are not really a new phenomenon . 
  and support of israel does n't necessery imply philosemitism . 
  falwell himself and plenty of other evangelical leaders were often on record saing `` not so nice things '' of jews while still supporting the state of israel . 
  so , yes , they are often bought by israeli interests but they would support _ state _ of israel anyway as essential for fullfiling prophecies of the book of revelation . 
  they quite likely thinks is very shrewd of them to get money out of jews . 
   i disagree . 
  there 's plenty of evidence that when given an opportunity - illegal or otherwise - some groups will seize it more than others . 
  just look at the opportunity to trade with the enemy during the civil war - it seems jews were exploiting that opportunity more than the goyim . 
  perhaps they felt it 's not their fight anyway . 
  otoh there was plenty of `` trading with enemy '' by wasps during ww ii, 
   similarly , in japan , a very homogenous country , the mafia is disproportionately non-japanese . 
  even in italy , the albanian mafia is shoving aside the weaker and less brutal italian mafias . 
  some groups are just better at that mafia stuff than others . 
  still , in both examples , it 's a recent phenomenon - original mafia or jakuza were native . 
  i think it has more to do with inherent boldness of immigrants ( it takes lot of guts to uproot yourself and go into alien environment for uncertain benefits . ), 
  it 's also easier to sustain loyalty of members in ethnicaly homogenous organisation when they operate in the alien environment . 
  good example might be italian mafia in us which started to deteriorate when american italians started to think of themselves more as `` italian-americans . '', 
   south and central american nations are forced into adopting ruinous trade policies by the wto and world bank . 
  forced ? 
  how ? 
  who forced them to get loans they were not able to repay ? 
  ( btw usually wasted on presidential palaces and military . ), 
   you get cheap shit from our southern neighbors and they get repression and abuse . 
  for some strange reason , several east/south asian countries seem to be doing quite well selling us `` cheap shit . '', 
  and they used to be dirt poor before ... 
  but , for the sake of argument , let 's assume everything you said is true . 
  now , if the shit they sell us was n't chep we would n't be buying it , would we . 
  so all those poor souls that produce the cheap shit for meager wages would n't have even that - they would be even poorer . 
  is that what you want ? 
  i do n't knoe why lefties can not comprehend the simple reality - the poor people who accept employment in a low wage factory do it because they have no better alternative . 
  if you _ really _ wanted to help them , you would encourage businesses to open factories there , to put some upward pressure on the wages . 
  it fucking worked in south korea , it 's working as we speak in vietnam and china ( only after they abandoned their stupid socialist policies ) and many other countries ... 
   the right are pro-authority , anti-mercy , etc. . . 
  i 'm not sure i agree - authoritarians can be both right and left wing , same goes for anti-authoritarians . 
  as for mercy ? 
  the largest charitable organisation in us is salvation army , hardly left wing ... not to mention such paragons of mercy as lenin , stalin , pol-pot , che , fidel ... you get my drift , 
  whos would you rather shake paws with - oscar or gonzales ... , 
  there 's still hope for humanity ... , 
   none of that is relevant to the issue of whether or not canada would be a different place if there were n't any non-wasps . 
  if it 's not relevant why did you bring the subject up ? 
  anyway , i really do n't see what 's your point . 
  would canada be different ? 
  yeah , probably . 
  to what degree though and how different we will never know . 
  would it be better or worse ? 
  you imply it would be better , i do n't see why . 
  from your average canuck 's perspective i 'd say it would be much less interesting . 
  i used to live in toronto from late 80ies to early 90ies and i 've seen it change for better . 
  it become much more cosmopolitan and interesting . 
  you can go to restaurant with pretty much any cuisine you desire , something you could n't do easily back in 80ies , for instance . 
  when you visit montreal it 's an interesting city with a little bit different ( exotic ? ),
