  even though i 'm not religious , i like the salvation army . 
  they seem to be doing a very good job and do n't spend bulk of the donations on ads/cold calls/junk mail/salaries etc. 
  also doctors without borders . 
  kinda off topic : if there was a catastrophic emergency in us , dwb would not be able to help - not licensed to practice medicine in us ... , 
  iow , it pays to be a bitch ... , 
   you do n't get parking tickets for parking normally in a normal space . 
  of course you do . 
  as soon as meter expires . 
   he could park in a spot that causes a hazard ( i.e double parking ) . 
  parking like a cunt deserves punishment , we are civilized and have an order that things go in , you do n't fuck with a pre-created thing just because you want to be selfish . 
   also , he could have parked in a fire lane ( not a victimless crime if it needs used , it could slow the firefighters response time ), 
   he could have parked in a handy capped space , which again is not victimeless, 
  and you have no fucking indication ( except your own imagination ) he did any of these . 
  as far as we know , he did n't run fast enough to put another quarter into the parkometer ... 
   laws that keep things in order are what keep a nation from descending into chaos . 
   but do you honestly think you could get into a car and live to make it to the other side of town without speed limits or stop lights ? 
  [ yup . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/drachten#traffic_experiment ), 
  that was a massive hiker ... , 
  with a great power comes a great responsibility ... , 
   someone who loves you . 
  objection !, 
  assumes facts not in evidence . 
  the dog is kinda wimpy ... 
   there are n't actually any people living there . 
   fdr 's new deal was a failure in the long run, 
  it was a failure in the short run too ... 
  wesley 's bitchin ' 'cause they did n't include him ... 
   denial of climate science . 
  so , you can not be civil to people not enthusiastically embracing your religion ? 
   calling science a religion ? 
  science does n't have heresies , only religions do . 
  are you saying if i flirt with women i should also flirt with men ? 
  < shrug /  you do n't really know what `` science '' means , do you . 
   obviously , peta has no sympathy for hunters . 
  ... unless they are specie different than _ homo sapiens sapiens _ ... 
   he is completely dissatisfied with humanity and the us yet when asked what he is going to do about it he had nothing to say . 
  what did you want him to say ? 
  if he is planning to `` shoot the bastards , '' he is n't going to tell you about it , is he . 
  what other ( non-pointless ) action can the farmer take ? 
  should n't you two get a room , or something ... 
   sounds like 17 of y' all got some more reading to do, 
  most likely more than that . 
  i do n't call myself an ancap and i am definitely against ip ... probably i 'm not the only one and yes i did take that survey ... 
  oh , cmon ... just because she is absentminded and left the stuff in a car she does n't deserve to live on this planet ? 
   cops are citizens as well . 
  sure . 
  but they are `` more equal '' citizens ... 
  you mean other than the citations in tfa ? 
   utf8 -  unicode . 
  utf-8 ** is ** unicode ... 
  he is pulling your leg ... 
  so , uk lost 1.1 m and us lost only 116k . 
  iow , yes , us did win and uk did lose !, 
  numbers do n't lie ... , 
  what if i punch someone in the face because they are redhead ? 
  because they work for the bank ? 
  because their breath stinks ? 
   difference between murder and manslaughter ? 
  intent . 
  intent as in `` did you intend to kill the victim , '' not as in `` why did you intend to kill the victim . '', 
   i should amend my statement accordingly to state that premeditated crimes are hate crimes . 
  you really think the dude who robs the bank does it because he hates bankers ? 
  not because he just wants the money ? 
  or he does it because he is broke and needs money for the next fix and `` deserve '' does n't even enter into the equation ... 
   what about cocaine , meth , and heroin suppliers ? 
  what about them ? 
  should n't be any different than whiskey suppliers ... 
   how desperate they get for money to feed their addiction . 
  kinda like alcoholics ... ? 
   how many black women make your top-ten beautiful women list today ? 
  are you for real ? 
  how about halle berry , rihanna or beyonce for starters . 
   they are not permitted to deny entry to canadian citizens . 
  sure , they still can give you a proctology exam , though , if you piss them off ... 
  polish/canadian living in us ( green card ) : most of the time no problem either way , sometimes rude/hostile agent on either side . 
  but , generally , canadians seem to be more polite . 
  blah , blah , blah ... officer safety ... blah , blah , blah . 
  iow : some animals are more equal . 
  look at his comments - he is a troll . 
  do n't feed the trolls . 
  perhaps op thought the / . 
  discussion added extra value ? 
  [ it does not ? 
  ] ( http://news.yahoo.com/rescue-underway-russian-ship-trapped-antarctic-ice-015038322.html ), 
  wtf is a `` climate justice ? '', 
   mark wilsey , identified as vidal 's father , told reporters that his family had called the police to help get his son to a mental evaluation during a ` schizophrenic incident ' in which vidal had picked up a small screwdriver . 
  when are people going to learn calling the cops is a very dangerous action . 
  no matter what . 
  you still need to shift your center of gravity from one leg to the other ... 
   what 's so bad about a war for resources most wars are fought cause of them, 
  what 's so bad about killing for money ? 
  most murders are because of it . 
   will lose fat when counting calories . 
  i do n't think `` counting '' is enough ... , 
   you simply can not draw these sorts of far-reaching conclusions from simple models . 
  true . 
  and i am not entirely sure democracies `` effectively prevent lower-than-average candidates from becoming leaders '' either . 
  there 's really no mechanism for that - the most ruthless and power-hungry sociopaths have the best chances in elections almost by definition . 
  never heard of them and i 'm 57 ... whatcha gon na do aboutit ?
