  would it be murder if i invaded your home and killed you because you `` had an ak ? '', 
   should lose their jobs, 
  lose their jobs ? 
  that 's the punishment for manslaughter now ? 
  any news ? 
  would n't you `` actively try to kill me '' in that scenario ? 
   to prevent private insurance companies from denying you coverage for a preexisting condition, 
  should the car insurance companies be prevented from denying me coverage for a `` preexisting condition '' as well ? 
  no , i would n't think you are bright enough to see the analogy . 
   but if you come up to me threatening me with a weapon i am obliged to put you down, 
  and you wonder why the dude whose country you invaded feels obliged to put ** you ** down ? 
  wonder if you would feel the same way if that was their troops in your town ... 
  hope she will be ok . 
  it 's the very same subject : insurance and `` preexisting condition . '', 
   i wonder why you guys are getting so many upvotes . 
  there 's lots of drones who believe some animals are more equal . 
   they did n't lock down boston , idiots . 
  that 's true . 
  they did n't . 
  boston sheeple just obeyed their suggestion to cower in basements . 
  seems buoston is just full of cowards . 
   for beginning people on scifi , i give them integral trees and the sequel , smoke ring by larry niven . 
  _ de gustibus non est disputandum . _ integral trees was the only niven 's book i started and did not finish ... 
  before ringworld it would be best to read protector . 
  and then the whole `` known space '' series ... , 
  go back into your basement . 
  there are therrists out there !, 
  booo !, 
  only if you do n't mind soapy taste to your dish ... 
  the vapors will penetrate, 
  there 's lots of punks in most cities who killed more people ... do n't see the good citizens cowering in their basements , though . 
  so , if the whole world goes north korea we should still be happy with being only cuba ? 
  it would n't be tragic - just darwin in action ... 
   it seems some of those citizens only abide by some of the laws . 
  sure . 
  they would n't abide by the `` jews go into ovens '' laws either ... 
  anyone who insists all the laws have to be obeyed , no matter what , is an immoral asshole . 
  are you hitting on me ? 
  kinda wonder , if they named the kid joseph stalin campbell , would that be a problem ? 
  legal if unsuccessful , illegal and punishable by death if successful ... , 
  i am afraid you underestimate people 's gullibility ... 
   please define `` zionism '' for us , old sport . 
  you could just have [ googled ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/zionism ) ... 
  depends how you define `` defend . '', 
  if telling the truth about lincoln is `` defending , '' i guess you would call the guy who tells the truth about stalin a `` hitler defender . '', 
   for example , / u/sargonofakkad has made a few of his most upvoted comments ever including his highest upvoted comment ever today, 
  hmm ... so , the well known troll is not getting his downvotes ? 
  that 's what you are aiming at , protecting trolls ? 
  iow , non-libertarians can not figure out he is trolling just from the text itself on the cursory glance , while when seeing him buried might trigger understanding ... 
  why is that a problem ? 
  revolution now and then is a good thing ... 
   a full on invasion of mainland japan would have cost too many american lives , along with the decimation of the japanese populous and society, 
  they were quite ready to surrender by then , so the invasion was not really going to happen . 
  besides , do you have a magic crystal ball that tells you how would the invasion go ? 
   let 's not even get into the fact that the tokyo fire bombings killed many many more civilians than either hiroshima or nagasaki . 
  oh , sure , we killed hundreds of thousands civilians in tokyo and that , obviously , justifies killing hundreds of thousands more in hiroshima/nagasaki !, 
  never understood the obsession with `` pure breed '' - in my opinion mutts make the best dogs . 
  iow , you are a bigot ? 
   i think mutts ( this includes `` designer breeds '' ) are the result of careless owners who do n't get their pets fixed . 
  that 's a little bit harsh , do n't you think . 
  some people are like me and just do n't care about breed - they may still want puppies . 
  well , it 's actually much better - just a text , no need to bleach your eyeballs afterwards ... 
   business is a ` boomin, 
  the recent government actions do n't do much to refute it ... 
   how did lem not get arrested and disappeared in the 70s/80s ? 
  at that time arresting/disappearing was not that much in vogue anymore , they figured out small time harassment works quite well . 
  besides sf had much more leeway from the censors than more `` serious '' literature . 
  there 's an app for that ... at least in [ iceland ] ( http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2013/04/23/iceland-s-incest-prevention-app-gets-people-to-bump-their-phones-before-bumping-in-bed.html ) , 
   do you define somalia as a `` free market '' ? 
  more free than sudan ... 
   while premier danny williams of newfoundland was choking doctors out and not increasing funding , he left to the states to seek medical treatment for his heart condition, 
  not the first nor the last politician to do that ... 
  kinda like `` when everything else fails , vote from the rooftops ? '', 
   i would propose the law requiring all elected officials to be vetted once a year by the jury of 12 randomly selected citizens ( say , who pass the background check to avoid psychos/violent felons . ), 
  the vetting itself would consist of such official being put in front of the jury bearing loaded rifles and having a no-question asked , no repercussions , guaranteed anonymity option of shooting at said official ... , 
  you do n't think is controversial ? 
  would you like me to call them and tell them you said all those things ? 
  how would you prove you did not ? 
  a better job to do what ? 
  oh , so you mean you do n't mind me calling ... 
  what does it even mean ? 
  it 's just a cliche slogan . 
  for the people living in slums it 's their environment . 
  should the government `` protect '' it ? 
  sure , at some time in certain places being jewish did usually send you out through the chimney , did n't make it ok ... 
  you seem to enjoy fighting strawmen , do n't you . 
  my question had nothing to do with your response ... 
   children born from 2000 ( maybe even a little earlier than that ) are generation z, 
  hmm ... does it mean they are the last generation ... ? 
   that quote reeks of partisan politics, 
  uhmm ... hate to break it to you ... the whole concept of campaigning is based on the `` partisan politics . '', 
  he is a politician . 
  they learn that early on . 
  good for them . 
   as far as i know , aes-256 is pretty damned secure , even against gov ' t cracking methods , and aes-512 is nigh-uncrackable for the foreseeable century . 
  ... unless they get the key ... 
  plenty of ways , installing a keylogger being one of the simplest ones ... use your imagination . 
  `` if voting could change anything they would make it illegal . '', 
   i and many of us are what they call `` sheepdogs '' and we 're proud of that, 
  i just hate this metaphor .
