  yes , not simply mistaken - evil !, 
  ok , you completly lost me here ... 
  i 'm simply saying let the people decide for themselves what kind of care they want . 
  not for you , or me , or other people , for _ themselves _ . 
  they might be wrong , but if they are the 're not hurting you . 
  if your high and mighty fda happens to be wrong ( you really want to bet your life on fda _ never _ being wrong ? ), 
  they are hurting everybody . 
   we can kill all the rich people and take their stuff and there is n't anything they can do about it . 
  there 's an assesment that psychopaths make about 3 % of the population . 
  did we just find one of the 3 % ... 
  if we knew who downvoted you , we 'd find the rest of the 3 % ( see above ) ... , 
  so , killing arabs for their oil is psychopatic , killing rich for their money is not ? 
  `` the rich '' are in iraq killing arabs for oil ? 
  did i miss when bill gates , warren buffet , carlos slim , lakshmi mittal , larry ellison , paul allen and bunch of other billionaires enlisted ... ? 
  be glad to ... as soon as you send me gold . 
  another thing to ponder for those who deride gold standard : the cost of nice toga in rome - about 1oz of gold . 
  a cost of a nice suit in us ... also about 1 oz of gold . 
  now question for nissan bosses : this is costing you money which you 'll have to recover by charging your customers . 
  why should i pay for something that is completly useless technology for me ? 
  guess what make my next car is _ not _ going to be ... btw for similar reason ( spy chips in cars ) i will never consider buying any american make ... another btw my last 2 cars were nissans ... 
  i 'm afraid it 's closer to reality than we think ... :(, 
   if the american revolutionaries implemented a legitimate govt , then so did the communists in the 1940s . 
  but the communists never got to govern taiwan . 
  applying your reasoning , if china has claim on taiwan , us has claim on uk . 
  edit : spelling, 
  us never gave up claims of gb either ... 
   why even have government at all then ? 
  why indeed ? 
  to reassume the rest of your post : you think you 're not as bad as hitler/pol pot because you are willing to kill many fewer people than they did ( how many fewer ? 
  at what number you 'd start to hesitate ? 
  what 's the number you would never do ? ), 
  you'are talking of the `` shades of grey '' - looks more like `` shades of red '' to me . 
  i , otoh , are like hitler/pol pot because i * do n't want * to kill anybody ? 
  nice touch at the end : i must be adolescent and have poor typing/spelling skills ... lol ... 
  i also must be `` drunk or something '' ... do you _ really _ believe this is going to add weight to your arguments ? 
  when did communist china have controll over taiwan ? 
  for some strange reason taiwaneese people seem to disagree ... 
  now , that 's a powerful argument ... 
  yeah !, 
  `` shock and awe , '' otoh , was sooo tastefull ... < / sarcasm , 
  `` after me deluge '' says mugabe ... 
  people , please ... pretty please with cherry on top ... do n't show dumbasses how to blog ... please . 
   how can you compare being trained how to kill with being taught how to read and count ? 
  `` operate firearm '' does n't mean kill . 
  the firearm can be used to kill humans or animals , or just to shoot paper targets . 
  is that _ really _ image atheists want to project ? 
  agressive assholes ? 
  is ensuring you can bash somebody 's skull the only reason to play baseball ? 
   however , truth be told , if the right wingers got their wishes we 'd have to lay off about 1/2 the worthless fucks that work for the government . 
  or so they say ... but when they have the power ( like quite recently ) they hire even more worthless fucks ... 
   friendly , liberal minded people, 
  and then :, 
   fact that the rest of the country [ ... ] consists of jingoistic hicks, 
  so , it 's not just friendly , liberal minded people - there 're some bigoted , hatefull , obnoxiuos assholes as well ... 
   he was treated at cheo , but then his parents decided to consider alternative treatment because he was n't getting better . 
  and, 
   the child 's condition was improving according to reports , but his mother said she would not hesitate to turn back to chemotherapy if the current method failed, 
   how is this guy not a republican ? 
  you do n't get it - he is a member of the establishment party , the r or d does n't really matter ... 
  hey , rollin ' is right - instead of serving rove with subpoena , they should ship him to eastern europe and let cia do some waterbording first . 
  once he admits to whatever they want him to admit , then it 's time for subpoena ... lol, 
  do n't worry , their grandchildren are provided for ... 
  it 's your grandchildren who might end up having a problem ... 
   the `` bad seeds '' of capitalism fall in other places , like say , south and central america . 
  the way of life that you refer to ( one of careless consumption ) is only maintained through the humiliation of others . 
  can you explain how my careless consumption is hurting the south/central america ? 
  ok , i admit i do drink coffe , eat an occasional banana , and sometimes even buy a garment `` made in nicaragua . '', 
  do you mean i should feel guilty abot it ? 
  let 's suppose you convinced all americans they should avoid all products from that region . 
  will that help them ? 
  to be fair , it 's not valid to compare armed conquest with immigration . 
  there were other waves of migration into us which met similar hostility at the time ( irish , poles , jews ) and , somehow , we are not forced to speak celtic , polish or yidish ... nore are we forced to celebrate st. patrick day , dingus or yom kippur . 
  why are you afraid this wave is going to be any different ? 
   the older the story , the more netizens are likely to have already read/seen/heard, 
  hmm ... [ gilgamesh ] ( http://www.wsu.edu/~dee/meso/gilg.htm ) must be the all time greatest net hit ... , 
  there were time americans , who felt need to get involved in some far away conflict , packed up and went there to fight on the side they found appealing ( spanish civil war ferinstance , ) instead of asking their government to send other people 's kids to fight for them ... would n't it be the preffered solution ? 
   for those of us that believe the federal government is good for more than a military , we 're just as screwed with paul as most of the other candidates . 
  ca n't we get a thoughtful , reasoning person in the whitehouse who can make complex decisions, 
  you guys _ still _ do n't get it , do you . 
  _ you _ created the fucking monster the fed gvt become . 
  and you have the audacity to complain about shrub misusing it . 
  perhaps you can get it through your thick skulls - when you have a big fucking daddy government , daddy might get drunk and beat the shit out of you . 
  hitler would n't get anywhere if the motherfucking weimar republic do-gooders liberals did n't create the huge fucking state apparatus for him . 
  yes , you morons , you create frankensteins and the whine when they break thinks and kick your asses ... or start wars and genocides . 
  you make me sick !, 
   we are n't forced to do those things because those groups were n't able to take america away from those who were ruling it . 
  what makes you fear the mexicans will be able to do it ? 
  ok , you did not say it . 
  but you seem to be opposed to the immigration ( the current wave at least ) and you equated it with genocide ... 
  as the previous waves show it 's not the case , is it . 
  can somebody , please , humor me and explain how adding another level of bureaucracy is supposed to make things better for europe ? 
  did n't you have enough parasites already ? 
   this is a democracy and if you do n't like it ; you can go out and vote someone who will not spend money the way you do n't like it . 
  is n't that a point ? 
  you are trying to apply reason to politics ... these two do n't mix . 
  ... and it would take only 15 seconds for all three of them ... 
  how do they know what were the `` levels of methyl mercury and other contaminants in the whale meat '' for the last 1000 years ... ? 
   people like this do n't kill because they want to eat it , they kill because they think it 's cool . 
  and who the fuck told you lahti was ever used to kill the elephant ( or any other animal ? ), 
  you are assuming his lawyer worked for free ...
