  like the `` rugby for sissies '' aka american football players ... < g , d & r / , 
  actually it points out an inconsistency in some `` pro-lifers '' who make an exception for rape/incest . 
  if , as they believe , abortion is murder , how can they justify murder of babies conceived in rape/incest ? 
  how did you get anything political out of it ? 
  why not `` greedy conservative rich boys trying to stiff poor working democrats '' , if you insist on politicizing it ? 
  and how do you know that ? 
  if the panspermia theory is correct , they could evolve from the same genetic stock ... 
   because i 'm being sarcastic, 
  `` i do n't think it means what you think it means . '', 
  i think you have n't read tfa ... pretty much all libertarians would agree with most of it ... 
  ... like the goldfish is different from the sturgeon ... 
  hmm ... if you run into page in a strange language , do you often scroll down to see if , perhaps , there 's something in english in it ? 
  hmm ... incomprehensible shouts ... yes , that 's something that can be expected from the government ... , 
  but we classify living things by morphology , not evolutionary tree ... so if they evolved to be similar to fish , they 'd be fish ... 
  actually , i did n't offer any opinions on that - just a juxtaposition to the unwarranted government 's assumptions ... 
  about as pathetic as the democrats saying supremes stole the election for bush , back in 2000 ... deal with it , all political partisans are pathetic . 
  ok , it might be now . 
  original classification was morphological , though ... 
  do you know about any instances of changing the classification when phylogenetics contradicted earlier findings ? 
  there have to be some . 
  methinks , there 's many more 2012 debunkers than 2012 believers ... order of magnitude more . 
  i wonder , if la raza ever declared the independence of california and the us `` launched the american-californian '' war would you call it an aggression too ? 
  would you be as `` unbiased '' if there was a reconquista ... ? 
  or would you say the newly formed atlazan 's existence is going too far ? 
   the british ran palestine , not the palestinians, 
  oh , so it must be ok then ... 
  if bunch of gangstas occupied your house and then just got bored and left , does it give me right to `` settle '' there ... ? 
  if you are against tuition hike , why do n't you quit ? 
  certainly , there are other universities with more agreeable tuition ... 
  so , how are you different from the republicans who `` gave dubya a pass '' on spending on the same grounds ... ? 
  is n't that rek 's point ? 
  both sides doing the same thing ? 
  he did n't call them `` gay '' , he called them `` faggots '' ... 
   economics grad student here, 
  ... at kimchaek university in pyongyang ... 
   american libertarians should move to somalia, 
  as soon as you and your fellow statists move to sudan ... 
  this is not going to shake the `` true believers '' and the prophet algor disciples . 
  they have faith , and like any true faith , it 's immune to facts ... 
   reminds us how men will `` scar the earth '' to pursue their quest for power and wealth ... 
  yeah , esp # 4 and # 7 ... will you stop fucking anthropomorphizing the fucking dirtball we happen to sit on ? 
  it 's not gaia , not the fucking goddess , just a pile of dirt , mud and water on top of pile of rocks , on top of the molten iron , you dimwits . 
  it 's a cat . 
   objectivist , rand-loving , evangelical , bible thumping christians, 
  you have absolutely no clue , have you . 
  is n't that a common knowledge ? 
  hey man , for a small sum i can sell you acres of land in siberia . 
  it 's gon na be worth gazillions when it warms up . 
  when algore ( gaia bless him ) become it 's prophet . 
  well , if you were to ambush cops , what better place to pick ... , 
   almost all cops are good guys looking out for the public, 
  [ _ citation needed _ ], 
  well , in government ( and that includes military ) the best indicator for a successful career is the talent for ass-kissing and back-stabbing ( and knowing when do which ) . 
  what other outcome of such selection would you expect ? 
  right of which center ? 
  edit : oops . 
  have n't noticed which subreddit i 'm in ... nevermind ... 
  ... lotsa grannies on the intertubes ... 
   you may arrive at a politically correct answer, 
  ... and that means more grants ... 
   now we must calculate exactly how much of that energy will be affected by the increase in the amount of carbon dioxide in the troposphere . 
  remembering that the increase from pre-industrial levels is 0.01 % of total atmospheric volume , we multiple this total energy by 0.0001, 
  as sympathetic i am to your take on the climatescare , this does not follow ... 
  ... still , your figures do n't follow ... and no need to yell ... 
  why ? 
  it 's just a spider mama and her kids ... 
   those ideas did change the world as they know it . 
  public education , high ways etc really changed the american way of life for the better . 
  imagine how different life would be without these . 
  yeah . 
  and lenin did implement electrification in soviet union . 
  imagine how russians would fare without electricity . 
  too bad us did n't have lenin , it must be pretty dark place without electricity ... 
  that was the original intent of the public schooling , to make sure those pesky catholics did n't spread their papist ideas ... 
  funny that , before the public schools america had , arguably , the best educated public in the whole world ... you might try to read de toqueville - he was amazed how well the average american was educated . 
  if someone wrote something like that now it would be a joke ... 
  trig does n't run for president ... 
  nah , not enough bacon ... 
   who would be the one and only supreme religious leader of america ? 
  why , prophet algor , of course ... , 
  hey , the coc should offer the same for zeese ... what 's sauce for a goose ... 
   i used to laugh at his comedy, 
  you 've grown up ... 
   the exploitive creature that could n't care less for those around him and will do anything to get ahead in life, 
  you mean the one that ends up going into politics ... ? 
   a straight woman became a lesbian after her injury . 
  how the mind suddenly decided that since she 'd had a brain injury she should change her gender identity using ` self-directed neuroplasticity ' is completely beyond me . 
  my guess : she was `` closet '' lesbian before , after the injury the part of her mind that was inhibiting her got weakened ... 
  hmm ... let 's see : `` ok , so we found this race car . 
  it 's filled with parts that work wonderfully to propel it at the high speed and steer it in any direction . 
  if you alter it or damage , it 's function alters as well . 
  in fact , we 've managed to pin down the exact part that generates the power/torque ... 
  so what causes winning the race ? 
  driver . 
  yeah , i 'm gon na go with drivers , this stuff is hard ... '', 
  neither it 's a supporting evidence for brain being the same as mind ... 
  those are figurative balls ... 
  so , if they demand you suck their dicks , you will ? 
  ok , want better analogy - look at the remotely controlled drone plane . 
  suppose someone without knowledge of existence of electricity/electromagnetism get 's to examine one .
