the right in italy at least gives some of them jobs at bunga-bunga parties, 
  with 200 countries the eu would not work in its current form . 
  with 200 countries you also cant reform it cause everyone has to agree . 
  without the eu you wont have trade and will be in war soon . 
  you are pretty naive, 
  ofc they started ww2 . 
  they were so defensless , anybody would eat a nice hamburger if its free, 
  no problem . 
  just speak english when in france . 
  services wont understand a damn word then, 
  so nice, 
  yes . 
  learn how to live in constant war with your neighbours, 
  sorry , we had to spy on the bakery next door . 
  no time for staff like this, 
  no , which building could be a better testimony to polish attitude than stalin 's skyscraper ? 
  no need to light anything if you basically support the terrorists, 
  and ? 
  it just underlines what i said . 
  someone who is atheist in such a country has way more courage than anyone in the west and there are a lot of people who are just that, 
  when you talk i just see trump and have to laugh . 
  how can you tell a romanian from a gypsy.right . 
  you cant, 
  which country does not have atheists ? 
  just because your polish nazi brain tells you so ? 
  yeah poland so nice . 
  by hating on all muslims now , poland does exactly what the terrorists want . 
  more hate between muslims and christians and more radicalised muslim warriors . 
  yeah it is really likely that this was the case . 
  why would someone explicitly say he is syrian when arrested . 
  we can make an exception for baltics, 
  yeah the polish bring down their planes on their own . 
  at least they know who is responsible, 
  also a lot of as inoccent people were killed in iraq and afghanistan and the rage was way smaller after the russian plane disaster . 
  all men are equal . 
  something we should remember more often . 
  its the only human way to think, 
  way more people were killed by our soldiers . 
  so shut up, 
  the old cold war borders fit the idea of a cultural europe very well, 
  perhaps people are still in shock.and distracted . 
  may have had some impact here, 
  great wall was a great failure, 
  the safety of those countries is not in danger . 
  i would not feel safe there either way, 
  yes chinese growth is always 8 % just like \u4e60\u5927\u5927 commands it to be, 
  yes and no . 
  europe partly has to blame itself . 
  it does nothing and is friendly with the likes of quatar and saudi arabia , while those support isis and other terorists . 
  to blame it on refugees is just too easy, 
  so just the us system ? 
  thats the horror the refugees are flieing from . 
  guy who said blacks should be shot was arrested by police as well just yesterday in the land of the free . 
  devaluation of your currency is basically the same thing as lowering wages . 
  its just psychologically better cause the numbers are not becoming smaller, 
  they did their best to make the crisis worse and have not changed shit in the organsation of the country so far, 
  which flags nationalists are burning can change pretty fast . 
  their hate on foreign nations wo n't, 
  it 's time to realize that poland is very nationalistic and even wants to fight russia with the help of the western nations . 
  the people in countries which are just taking benefits should not get to vote at all, 
  yes in romania there does not exist anything as separation of powers . 
  we all understand, 
  sure sure . 
  no doping in football, 
  spying on greece would be most reasonable . 
  important to know what they really plan in negotiations . 
  the future if ukraine is not decided in russia but in their own parliament . 
  will ukraine start to modernize organisation and government ? 
  if they ca n't do it with the pressure now , they wo n't be able to do it for a very long time, 
  sorry i cant understand you . 
  obviously arrogance is widespread in france . 
  i went to france several times , trying to speak french with them and even tho it was obvious that iam a foreigner some pretended to not understand me because my pronounciation is not the best sometimes . 
  switching to english was never an option for them, 
  do you really want to rely on a failed state to deliver your gas ? 
  not relying on ukraine is very good and paying less transfer fees is as well, 
  of course it does . 
  killing an animal to eat is considered normal , killing it just for fun is not very well viewed, 
  your teacher is right doing it that to please europe would be amoral . 
  nazis only used trains so yes . 
  its a bit better, 
  real money is in china nowadays, 
  noone wants live in a country of racists . 
  its understandable, 
  yeah you are right and i did not say it would be an easy solution or it would work out right away . 
  but fact is , that ee fails to keep the own population and you have to either find pragmatic solutions or just dont care about it . 
  i think there are ways to attract immigration that is beneficial for ee but the firstly needed is a friendly attitude towards immigrants . 
  western europeans wont come in big numbers so it has be from somewhere else . 
  or ee just accepts the situation . 
  its funny when ee is whining about loss of population but want to burn any immigrant they can find, 
  but at the same time it 's not appropriate and i do n't like it . 
  blame the eu, 
  if poland is not racist i do n't know who is . 
  first they attack iraq without any reason and then laughter and hate on refugees flieing from there, 
  wrong . 
  the koreans just dont care about shooters, 
  if germany goes for a surplus evveryone is out of his mind bnecause germany does not do enough for consume . 
  but when they do everyone is still mad as fack, 
  the idea is as old as the british empire, 
  yeah france and denmark wo n't pay for this alone . 
  uk for sure wo n't .
