   not currently in use as anything else a museum is nothing ? 
  it 's almost as if she was n't elected miss germany but chancellor of the federal repuplic ... 
  [ he does n't look too miserable . 
  have n't you slept well or why are you so aggressively condescending ? 
  you might have a point if the siege of 717/18 were the only example for a battle fought by the umayyads larger in scale than tours . 
  however that is not the case . 
  earlier pushes for constantinople probably involved similar numbers . 
  so did the battle of siffin which ultimately allowed the umayyads to claim the caliphate or the battle of the zab against the abbasid revolutionaries . 
  every time the central government in syria needed to mobilize its full strength it was able to assemble much larger armies than the one that fought at tours . 
  that battle was far from one of the largest ever fought by the umayyads . 
  to use your little analogy you have a guy who 's 1,70 in a crowd with several people above 2m who still boasts about how he 's one of the tallest around . 
  maybe because those two fathers did n't really get along at all . 
  just bad experience . 
  how is the siege of constantinople not important here ? 
  it was an engagement fought by umayyad forces and its size most certainly dwarfed that of the battle at tours . 
  the forces the umayyads could bring into play against byzantium were simply much larger than anything the emir of cordoba could hope to organize . 
  on the other hand your examples about the conquest of egypt and persia are n't nearly as relevant as they happened before the umayyads ascended to the throne . 
  so again , i don 's see how tours was one of the largest battles ever fought by the umayyads . 
  u/deyga is absolutely right to point out that it was n't nearly as important to the caliphate than what was happening in the east at the same time . 
   it was one of the largest battles the umayyads fought , ever . 
  was it ? 
  where do you get that from ? 
  spain and gaul lay at the periphery of the umayyad caliphate and the raid into gaul had been independently organized by the emir of cordoba . 
  the caliphs themselves were focused much more on enemies closer to home like the byzantine empire or the turkish khagans of central asia . 
  as far as i know the estimates for the size of the muslim forces at tours usualy range in the low ten thousands . 
  on the other hand the siege of constantinople in 717/18 which was led by a umayyad prince may have involved around 100.000 muslim soldiers . 
  i have a hard time believing that an engagement at the far side of the empire was larger in scale than campaigns organized by the central government in damascus . 
   here i could n't find herodotus using the term `` turk '' in the passage they cite ( iv ,5 ) . 
  he talks about a mythical ancestor of the scythians called targitaos . 
  taking this as a reference to the name `` turk '' seems like a strech to me . 
  the pantheon has only one apse and that has been there since the time of hadrian . 
  the inside of that apse has been redecorated and the christian altar is obviously another addition but again , those are relatively minor changes in relation to the entirety of the interior . 
  no , the apse and the other niches are features of the original structure . 
  the cult statues , doors and sculptural decoration may be gone but that 's also the case in maison car\u00e9e . 
  and on the other hand the pantheon still has its original floor , most of the original wall covering , the original columns and not to forget * the entire building housing them * . 
  most of what you see when entering the pantheon is still from the second century ad . 
  yes , i have been inside it . 
  the entire structure and most of the decoration are ancient . 
  compared to that the addition of those statues , altars , graves etc. 
  is minimal . 
  do you know many other ancient buildings where this much of the original decoration is still intact ? 
  it has been converted into a church in the 7th century but changes to the building have been minimal . 
  the use as a church is most likely even the reason for its remarkable preservation . 
  the [ parthenon ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/parthenon ) in athens and the [ pantheon ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pantheon,_rome ) in rome are two different things . 
  the former was heavily damaged in the fighting between ottomans and venetians in the 17th century , more than a hundred years before the greek revolution . 
  the later is to this day one of the most well preserved graeco-roman temples . 
  actually the deliberate destruction of ancient temples by christians is more the exception than the rule . 
  after pagan cult had been forbidden they were usually converted to some other use or slowly disassembled over time to reuse their building material . 
  the former was the case with the maison carr\u00e9e . 
  throughout its history it seems to have served as a church , a city hall , a stable , an archive and a museum . 
  its current state of preservation may be a result of later annex buildings serving as a protection for the ancient structure . 
  as i already wrote there have also been some modern restorations . 
  and they in turn cite [ this ] ( http://www.avignon-et-provence.com/en/monuments/maison-carree ) website . 
  maison carr\u00e9e is indeed amazingly well preserved but the claim is still a bit of a strange one to make . 
  there are a few other monuments like the pantheon in rome that could be called equally well preserved and one should also not forget that maison carr\u00e9e saw some reconstruction work being done in the 19th century . 
  that fact is even mentioned in the wikipedia article :  the pronaos was restored in the early part of the 19th century when a new ceiling was provided , designed in the roman style . 
  the present door was made in 1824 . 
  considering this calling it completely preserved is still a bit of a stretch . 
  it 's seemingly very easy to forget that islam is n't a monolithic entity . 
  mary is an important figure in the qur ' an and [ depictions ] ( https://photos.smugmug.com/selections/islamic/i-jxkvdd7/1/63d5452e/x3/islamic%20virgin%20mary-x3.jpg ) of her are also a part of the history of islamic art . 
  they 're far from universally condemned . 
  i 'm sure she was devastated . 
  60 % of the time it works every time . 
  lol , first you needlessly inflate trump 's success into a `` landslide '' and when it 's pointed out to you why that 's an obvious misnomer you double down and try to redefine what that word means ? 
  you 're really something special . 
  is greenpeace a country now ? 
  and what would you say if you were one of the refugees that were saved ? 
  this is such a non-argument . 
   if you 'd ever read genesis , you 'd know god promised to never do that again . 
  yeah , but no one said otherwise . 
  what 's your point ? 
   and if turkey sought to weaken nato by losing us strategic waters , i 'd tell them to buzz off . 
  [ nato hit by turkish veto on austria partnership ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-40013507 ) alright then , go ahead and tell them . 
  as there are no eye witness reports about his death this is nothing but conjecture . 
  are you somehow purposefully obtuse ? 
  i was clearly responding to this sentence :  killed a large group of muslim male refugees near tours and poitiers . 
  so there is at minimum one person who equated refugees with an invasion force . 
  your little talking point about whether people coming to the eu should be labeled as refugees or not has absolutely no bearing on this . 
  thank you for your valuable input . 
   that 's an interesting way to say alternative history , but sure . 
  [ it 's also a common expression among historians and fits what you 're describing quite well . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/counterfactual_history ), 
  and who did this ? 
  certainly not the muslims from the emirate of cordoba that he fought against at tours . 
  could still be influenced by the design for [ san marco in venice ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/st_mark%27s_basilica ) which in turn was modeled after the [ church of the holy apostles in constantinople ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/church_of_the_holy_apostles ) . 
  you are n't `` correcting '' anything . 
  at no point was i saying that everyone that is entering the eu is automatically a refugee . 
  i was responding to someone who literally used the term `` refugees '' for a medieval invasion force . 
  and you 're trying to correct me on the misuse of the term ? 
  your response was entirely pointless . 
  yeah , but if procopius is to be believed justinian also walked the palace at night as a headless demon ... 
  yes , but there is zero prove for that tradition or for the identification of the woman next to theodora as antonia . 
  in fact there is even evidence that this woman might actually be justinian 's mother . 
  might be that you just oggled the emperor 's mom . 
  luckily he 's long dead or this might have turned ugly for you . 
  wait , since when do they even have computers in the saarland ? 
  they are probably meant to be captives that the muslims had taken before they encountered the forces of charles martel . 
  and like with belisarius it is not at all clear whether narses is even depicted on this mosaic . 
  the only persons that are clearly identifiable are the bishop maximianus because of the inscription above his head and the imperial couple of justinian and theodora because they were ruling at the time that maximianus was in office . 
   who is more relevant to europe : the major european power centers and the bulk of europe 's population and culture or an empire that struggles to remain in europe by attacks coming from europe ?
