  wow , you 're such a nice guy or gal . 
  and why does even a scenario in which germany utterly colapses end with germans enslaving other people ? 
  ace !, 
  that 'll teach them not to obey our muslim-communist masters !, 
  yeah , but maybe he 's all tuckered out now and can have a good night 's sleep . 
  tomorrow is another day to spout utter nonsense after all . 
  hey i do n't know if you are as hardcore liberal as me but i 'll ask anyway : wan na riot a little in favour of immigration later today ? 
  uh , i guess both of them were n't doing what you think they were . 
  but even if that would n't be the case , what would that even say ? 
  is being a nazi a genetic thing in your mind ? 
  could both be the case . 
  unfortunately i 'm far too angry right now to decide because he provoked me so ingeniously with his witty banter . 
   but i 'm not arsed explaining why convenient . 
  wait a minute . 
  was n't great britain part of this thing ... i do n't know ... iraq war or something ? 
  did n't that kind of destabilize the whole region , leading among other things to the rise of isis ? 
  the same guys that make much of syria and iraq into hell on earth right now , causing millions to flee ? 
  it 's easy to pretend you have absolutely nothing to do with our current crisis , but that does n't make it true . 
  no shit you do n't . 
  so let me get this straight : you do n't speak german , you do n't understand what 's happening in the video because of that and inspite of that you were still claiming that those guys were only called racists because they are ` anti-immigration ' ? 
  and now suddenly you do n't give a shit after being called out on it . 
   info they are/maybe neo-nazi 's really sweet how you still manage to imply that those guys might not really be nazis even after almost everyone in this thread who does understand german has told you the contrary . 
  i think the people throwing stones and bottles at refugees while chanting ` sieg heil ' were proving their prejudices and hatred quite clearly . 
  yup , that article clearly shows that nazism is n't a problem in germany any more and we can forgett ou history without worrying . 
  nice history lesson . 
  the phrase was indeed coined as a quite positive one , i agree . 
  unfortunately even positive phrases can be used in very negative ways and much has happened in this regard since the 1800s . 
  there is a reason after all that only the third stanza has been used as the national anthem since world war ii . 
  today people who refer to the first stanza tend to fall into the extrem right side of the political spectrum and not the liberal one . 
  if you want to use the phrase ` deutschland \u00fcber alles ' to critisize the political disunity of germany from almost two centuries ago for some reason , that 's your thing . 
  unfortunately today hardly anyone will understand it that way . 
  enlighten me . 
  i do n't know . 
  maybe because the last time those ideas were commonly held it ended in world war and large scale genocide . 
  i guess such things can easily be forgotten . 
  that map is from 1890 . 
  in the meantime the theories on which it is based have been criticised quite heavily . 
  the looks of people living in different regions of the world do vary quite significantly , that much is true . 
  but there are no sharp borders between different races . 
  instead there are mostly seamless transitions between the population groups defined as races as well as within them . 
  the skinn and hair of people living in the north of europe is often much fairer than that of those in the south which is n't reflected at all in your map . 
  normally an inhabitant of turkey is visually much more similar to one of greece than to someone from mongolia although both turks and mongolians supposedly belong to the same ` mongoloid race ' . 
  and this is n't surprising at all . 
  humans have n't been part of some kind of giant breeding programm like the one that created the different breeds of dogs . 
  and they do n't live in societies that are hermetically seperated from each other . 
  because of that every categorisation of race is inherently subjective . 
  have a look at [ the american anthropological associations statement on `` race '' ] ( http://www.aaanet.org/stmts/racepp.htm ), 
  why do you think they would turn our country into a shithole ? 
  why do you think they are not willing to assimilate and adapt ? 
  do you know any of them ? 
  sounds reasonable to me . 
  maybe we should acctually find a system to redistribute them fairly among eu-countries instead of dumping the responsibility on countries like turkey or greece only because they happen to be the closest ones to the current crisis . 
  which leaves a quater of the population non-sunni . 
  sizeable you could say . 
  ever heared of a country called syria ? 
  you know , years of civil war , sizeable non-sunni population ? 
  ok , than let me explain . 
  this guy / u/brownycow ( who i suspect to be kind of a racist ) argued that those refugees should better be send to the gulf states instead of europe because the people there supposedly have the same race , religion and language . 
  the race part is pretty obviously bullshit because all divisions of race are totally subjective and the refugees would be foreigners in the gulf states as well . 
  the language part is only parly true because not all the refugees come from arab speaking countries ( and arabic has many different dialects ) . 
  and as i already said : languages can be learned , be they arabic , turkish or german . 
  the point about religion is also not quite right . 
  sunni muslims would probably fit quite well into saudi society , everyone else less so . 
  on the other side we already have muslims living in europe and most are doing just fine . 
   ` helping ' outsiders to shush your own internal moral struggles instead of for the sake of actually helping them is the definition of selfishness . 
  understood . 
  will stop ` helping ' and start helping . 
  so because they need money to acctually survive they are n't refugees anymore ? 
  they ca n't all stay in turkey or greece . 
  and they need places to work to sustain themselves . 
  how dare they moving where they think that it is most likely to find those ? 
  but i guess it 's much easier to turn a blind eye to ` economic migrants ' . 
  sure they do !, 
  what flavour of ice cream do you prefer ? 
  in your dreary dystopia where everyone has to be a religious extremist and/or a racist with crippling learning disability you can certainly use all the fun you can have . 
  painting all those refugees as greedy money grabbers must really soothe your conscience . 
  has being selfish suddenly become a virtue now ? 
  i guess that 's more than what some of the richest countries in the world could handle . 
  turkey is obviously far better equiped deal with such a crisis . 
  i do n't know . 
  how many can we take ? 
  i just do n't understand why the first reaction to those desperate people arriving at our borders is to send them to some other place ( a place that is in no way more responsible to take them in than we are ) when we acctually have the ability to help them . 
   seventy years ago when we had far less infrastructure and now that we have more infrastructure than back then it is time for other less developed countries to step up or what ? 
  divisions of race are totally subjective . 
  languages can be learned . 
  religion can be kept a private affair . 
  how convenient for the countries further away from the conflicts . 
  yes , and it 's also not even 25 000 km \u00b2 large while europe is an entire continent . 
  maybe dumping most the refugees onto one tiny country is n't the solution to our current problems . 
   maybe pay off a stable developing country to take rejected migrants , or open asylum centres outside of europe and force claims to be made through these centres . 
  because why take all that social disorder just for ourselves , right ? 
   turkey is a de-facto dictatorship ( ... ) and as for indonesia : it has been a downhill ride for democracy ( ... ) both countries are still far away from being `` de-facto dictatorships '' . 
  but there are still some very worrying tendencies , that 's right . 
  however , it is dictatorial authoritarianism that threatens democracy in those countries not radical islamism . 
  the same authoritarianism that holds sway over much of the middle east and that provoked the movements of the arab spring . 
   and maybe some individual muslims function just fine in a democracy , but as soon as a country becomes predominantly muslim , democratic liberties disappear . 
  really ? 
  now i 'm a bit curious . 
  can you name me some examples for democratic countries in which civil liberties disappeared as soon as muslims became the majority ? 
   as for the ` fascist death cult ' , how many more terrorist attacks need to happen to understand that islam glorifies death and condones violence against non-believers .
