  if it is not clear to you then you have had your head in the sand the past few decades . 
  and how many non-violent muslims do there have to be until you realize that not the entirety of islam is a ` fascist death cult ' but only that practised by people like isis ? 
  there are those muslims who participate in terrorist acts just as there are racists among the ` critics of islam ' . 
  but blaming the majority for the vices of the minority is uncalled for . 
  i simply had hoped that the irony would n't be lost on you . 
  a more modern and tolerant islam does indeed exist . 
  you just ignore it by focusing on the violent jihadist one . 
  i do n't know , do countries like turkey or indonesia satisfy your curiosity for working liberal democracies ? 
  and why do you even think that any lack of liberal democracies in the islamic world is necessarily and primarily caused by the religion of its inhabitants ? 
  what about the prevalence of dictatorial regimes like that of abd al-fattah as-sisi or baschar al-assad that crush any sort of dissent be it liberal or islamic-conservative ? 
  and what does the existence or lack of such democracies even say about the fundamental ability of muslims to live successfull lifes in western societies without giving up their religion ? 
  there are more than enough people of muslim faith who do just that . 
  so again : yes , you can seperate practising islam from political ideology . 
  edit : i 'd like to add that calling you a racist may indeed be uncalled for but maybe it might just make you be able to sypathise with a muslim who is unnecessarily called the worshiper of a fascist death cult . 
  that 's nonsense . 
  sure you can seperate practising islam from political ideology . 
  you can easily walk every friday into the mosque and pray while not simultaneously doing everything you can to implement sharia law . 
  islamic values are n't inherently more incompatible with `` western core beliefs '' than jewish or christian ones . 
  there are plenty people who successfully combine the practise of islam with their lives in western societies . 
  and there is no reason why those people should have to hide their religion . 
  i 'm heartbroken that you are called a racist all the time . 
  must be really annoying . 
  maybe as annoying as it is for a muslim to be called the worshiper of a fascist death cult . 
  well , there were two related points i was arguing against . 
  the first one was that our current situation could be equated with the one that started world war ii , that the muslim population of our modern world is somehow acting like the population of germany was in the 1930s . 
  i think this point is flawed because while germany was a unified country with the nazis as its official leadership , modern islamic terrorists are in fact not the leaders of all muslims but only a small minority with no claim to authority . 
  the second was the notion that islam is an equally condemnable ideology as nazism and that both should be fought equally . 
  the problem i see with this is simple : while i do n't think that there is something like a moderate nazi there are plenty of moderate muslims . 
  if you are a nazi you automatically subscribe to radical notions of racial superiority or you are at least actively working inside an organisation that does so . 
  but there exist countless muslims who do n't believe unbelievers should be fought , killed or subjugated . 
  notions of racial inequality and the superiority of the german or arian race are at the very core of nazism . 
  the central belief of islam on the other hand is simply that there is only one god and that muhammed is his prophet . 
  this is what you have to believe to be a muslim . 
  virtually everything else is secondary . 
  no , i 'm not and whether you accept islam or not is really no concern of mine . 
  what i 'm saying is that we can not be at war with all of islam as there is nobody on their side who could declare such a war or speak on the behalf of all muslims . 
  what ?!, 
  where on earth did you get the idea that i 'm saying nazism was n't a problem and should be accepted ? 
  it is a lot more personal that way , i give you that . 
  always nice to have a face for the people you kill with the next manure explosion . 
   hitler could only do what he did with the cooperation and sufferance [ duldung ] of the germans , which is why we have taken it upon ourselves to be ever vigilant to not have a situation like this happen again . 
  i absolutely agree . 
  we as germans do have a responsibility to prevent that people like the nazis ever again come into a position of power in germany . 
  our ancestors failed in that regard and the world paid the price . 
  but remind me , when exactely did the muslim population of the world allow isis to become their leadership ? 
  is al-baghdadi really the caliph of all of islam or is it just a very small minority that actually believes that or lives under his rule ? 
   beyond that , i do n't think that there 's any problem at all with being `` at war '' with an ideology , except maybe for the unnecessarily harsh wording ( metaphor ) . 
  especially not when it comes to harmful ideologies such as institutionalized superstition . 
  but with what ideology should we be at war then ? 
  with islam ? 
  or with violent islamism ? 
  because while the adherents of the later are already fighting us and are commiting reprehensible acts most of the followers of the former are innocent and non-violent . 
  why on earth should we fight a war against those later people ? 
   so you think that muslims are more likely to sympathize with islamists than they are to reject them ? 
  is n't that an extraordinary condemnation of the ideology in itself ? 
  no , under normal circumstances they most certainly are n't . 
  but if we senselessly declare them to be our enemies , why should n't more and more of them side with the people that are already claiming to be fighting on their behalf ? 
  creating a climate in which muslims feel as if they do n't belong and are unwanted simply because of their religious beliefs pushes people into extremism . 
   are a majority of nazis steered to commit violent acts ? 
  what constitutes being steered , and what 's your source on that ? 
  ok , forgett about actually commiting violent acts . 
  but are n't you as a nazi , by definition , either subscribing to radical views of racial inequality or at least actively working inside an organisation that tries to act on those views ? 
  on the other hand you can easily be a muslim without believing that all unbelievers are inferior or working for a terrorist organisation . 
  that 's a pretty big difference right there between nazism and islam . 
  well , if you play eu4 for the hollow satisfaction of monetary gain and a quiet rule then that 's your thing . 
  i 'm more of a large scale murder guy myself . 
   it was a bit harsh and in my opinion arguably uncalled for to address her specifically with this , but her overall point remains true . 
  i do n't think it does because to me it seems that by refering to examples like nazi germany or imperial japan she tries to push the notion that we are at war with the entirety of islam . 
  this is not only clearly false but also dangerous . 
  it is exactely the same view violent jihadists want to impress onto the world because by doing that they can achieve one of their highest goals : aquiring the leadership of the islamic world . 
  validating those claims to authority by propagating a narrative of clashing cultures is not what we should do . 
  but that aside i see another problem with the analogy between islam and nazism . 
  there simply is nothing like a moderate nazi . 
  that 's why / u/wholelottatoughlove had to equate the word ` nazi ' with ` german ' . 
  the analogy would n't have made sense otherwise . 
  if you are a nazi you automatically subscribe to extreme ideas of racial superiority . 
  on the other hand there clearly are plenty of moderate muslims . 
  no matter how many violent quotes from the quran or the hadiths or whatever you compile it does n't change the fact that their mere existence does n't steer the majority of muslims to commit violent acts . 
  being a muslim does n't automatically mean that you believe all unbelievers should be put to the sword or subjugated or something like that . 
  if you really want to paint islam as some kind of unified movement ( and it really is n't one because there simply are too many differing strands and interpretations ) then it still fails to mobilize it 's followers in the same way nazism does . 
  demonizing all of its adherents is counterproductive and uncalled for . 
   had to rephrase it because of the childish moron below . 
  sorry , you did n't find that funny . 
  humor is objective after all i guess . 
  maybe now we can talk or write about what about my definition of ethicity and ethnic cleansing you did n't understand . 
  i know , but senselessly monitoring even more people like / u/sizzlinsausages suggests would n't change that . 
  yeah , i 've already seen the video with the shouty lady shaming that girl for not being patriotic enough . 
  and i 'm still not convinced by the point being made . 
  the analogy falls flat beause germany is a country and the nazis were governing it . 
  muslims on the other hand lack that kind of unified leadership . 
  islamists have no mandate to lead all muslims or to declare a war in their name ( i know i repeat myself ) . 
  even if 99,9999 % of all muslims would publicly denounce islamism it would n't stop some extremist from making a lonely decision for violence . 
  no , s/he did n't say it . 
  this is a written conversation after all . 
  well , ok . 
  i do n't disagree with you that the german electorate played a huge role in putting hitler in power . 
  there is no point arguing about semantics when it has nothing to do with the topic at hand . 
  yeah , no , it 's a lot more complicated than that . 
  the hyperinfaltion happened in 1923 , a hole decade before the machtergreifung . 
  well , ethnicity is a socially defined category where among other things religion and place of origin can play a large role in determining if somebody belongs to a certain group or not .
