  he is talking about muslims and he wants to repatriate them to somewhere else although many of them were borne and raised in france , implying they have a different home country . 
  so a group of people defined by their religion and their supposed place of origin is to be removed from france . 
  sounds a lot like ethnic cleansing to me . 
  which still was n't enough to get him elected chancelor . 
  that does n't even make sense . 
  if we are not at war with them they are not at war with us . 
  terrorists have no mandate to lead all muslims or to declare a war in their name . 
  then you probably should have rephrased your analogy as it clearely had being german as well as being a nazi stand for practising islam . 
  be that as it may i still disagree with your point . 
  the nazis were the political leaders of germany at the start of world war ii . 
  islam however is n't a country and has no political leadership . 
  isis , al qaida or the charlie hebdo attackers have no mandate what so ever to speak for all muslims or lead them into a war . 
  by the way hitler was appointed chancelor by the german president and not democratically elected by the people or the parliament . 
  no problem . 
  finding justifications for ethnic cleansing is one of my favorite pastimes . 
  i do n't think i misunderstood the the point being made . 
  i just disagree with it . 
  germany is a coutry and in the 1930s the nazis were unfortunately governing that country . 
  because of that they were able to lead the germans into a war and make them accomplices in genocide . 
  islam however is not a country . 
  it has no unified leadership and nobody who could speak for all muslims . 
  although abu bakr al baghdadi styles himself a caliph he is not the political leader of all muslims . 
  we are not at war with all of islam . 
  totally makes sense . 
  the french governement ca n't even keep tabs on the known violent islamists and you want it to monitore even more people , that did n't even give any reason to be suspicious of them . 
  your analogy does n't work at all as it seems to assume all germans are nazis . 
  it would make much more sense to equate nazism/radical nationalism with radical islamism . 
  most people would agree that it is n't condemnable to like your country . 
  it is equally ok to adhere to a religion like islam . 
  it is reprehensible however to use your belief in the superiority of your own nation , race or religion as a justification for violence . 
  yes , working as [ influencial diplomats , civil servants or rulers of client states ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/phanariotes ) must have been realy back breaking ... 
  i think i have to agree with / u/arttuh5n1 . 
  this guy is presenting himself as part of a very narrow stratum of syrian society , distinguished first of all by their property ( `` some of us were living the best life back in syria '' ; `` above the middle class in damascus '' ) and ability to aquire the best education ( `` with very good education '' ; `` i did n't get to continue my college '' ) , the syrian elite you could say . 
  and he is obviously looking down on the majority of his fellow syrians , deriding them for not dressing and behaving in the right way , even calling them `` garbage '' . 
  how is this anything but elitist ? 
  the song `` erdowie , erdowo , erdogan '' that led to turkey calling in the german ambassador was from the ndr show extra 3 . 
  jan b\u00f6hmermann had nothing to do with it . 
  he is only responsible for the slandering poem which was broadcast on zdf neo and not ndr . 
    but the quran and sharia are not the same thing . 
   that i did n't argue . 
  i agree so you also agree that arguing about the revealed nature of the quran is pretty pointless when talking about how much ambiguity there is in islamic law ? 
  and that sharia law actually is quite ambiguous ? 
   how ready are muslim voters to say : yeah sharia , thanks but no thanks ? 
  we need a secular system ? 
  well , there are plenty secular states with a majority muslim population . 
  and there are plenty of muslims living perfectly normal lives in western societies . 
  so it 's totally possible , i guess . 
  sure there 's a difference between islam and christianity . 
  that 's what makes them two seperate religions after all . 
  but you were arguing that islamic law contrasts with christian one by being totally unambiguous because the quran is the unaltered word of god . 
  but the quran and sharia are not the same thing . 
  islamic law is derived from the quran , sure . 
  but it also draws from the sunnah , the recorded teachings and deeds of mohammed , which like the bible is a compilation of different texts put together by fallible humans . 
  both are supplemented by ijma , the consensus of ( human ) religious scholars , and analogies drawn by those same scholars . 
  than there 's also human reasoning , which is especially important in shia jurisprudence . 
  sunni islam knows four major schools of religious law ( hanbali , hanafi , maliki and shafi'i ) which often disagree with each other . 
  there is much room for ambiguity in sharia law . 
   boom . 
  that 's it . 
  on true word . 
  yeah , no . 
  even your own source discredits that idea :  muslims believe sharia is god 's law , but they differ as to what exactly it entails . 
  [ 11 ] modernists , traditionalists and fundamentalists all hold different views of sharia , as do adherents to different schools of islamic thought and scholarship . 
  different countries , societies and cultures have varying interpretations of sharia as well . 
  islamic law is at least as diverse and allows for as much interpretation as its christian counterpart . 
  the argument that islamic law derives from god himself also does n't hold much water as exactely the same claim can be made about christianity . 
  was n't it god who revealed the ten commandments to moses on mount sinai ? 
  are n't the teachings of jesus by definition those of god ? 
   i 'd similarly challenge you to provide me with government statistics of islamic immigrants converting to christian or adopting agnostic/atheistic views to further their adherence to western culture . 
  and why would it be necessary for muslims coming to germany to convert to christianity or become agnostic/atheists ? 
  you know that we have freedom of religion here , right ? 
  as long as someone abides by the law he is free to believe or not believe in whatever he so choses . 
  it 's actually one of the nicer things about modern german culture and we should definitely strive to preserve it . 
   fear leads to anger , anger leads to hate , hate leads to * suffering * . 
  if you really have to quote * the phantom menace * , at least do it right . 
  oh sorry , i simply assumed that you would understand the german text . 
  i probably should n't have done that . 
  no , it does n't ban insulting people that belong to a minority . 
  it translates as follows :  whosoever ... assaults the human dignity of others by insulting , maliciously maligning an aforementioined group , segments of the population or individuals ** because ** ( * german : wegen * ) of their belonging to one of the aforementioned groups or segments of the population , or defaming segments of the population so for example , calling someone of jewish descent an `` asshole '' would be perfectly legal but calling him a `` jewish pig '' and by that insinuating that all jews are `` jewish pigs '' would be a criminal offence . 
  i hope that clears that up . 
  does n't really sound like the definition you provided . 
  he explicitly talks about someone who ( according to the article ) admires adolf hitler and warns about `` the destruction of our genetic heritage '' . 
  calling that guy a nazi seems to be absolutely justified . 
   i 'm a qualified archaeologist this has to be a joke . 
  no , the hagia sophia would be behind the photographers back but probably too far away to be visible . 
  he 's looking north into the direction of the black sea . 
  the building in the background is most likely erdo\u011fans recently inaugurated [ \u00c7aml\u0131ca mosque ] ( https://www.google.de/search?q=camlica+mosque+istanbul&amp;biw=1366&amp;bih=635&amp;noj=1&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewjds-bm5znqahwczcwkhayrbg0q_auiccgb ) on the asian side of the bosphorus . 
  on the left is [ ortak\u00f6y mosque ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ortak%c3%b6y_mosque ) . 
  this sentence just gave the impression :  assyrians are iraqi, 
  and no one is contending that . 
  but the key word here is * mostly * . 
  part of the assyrian homeland obviously lies within modern turkey . 
  the assyrians living there are not an immigrant community but the remnants of a much larger christian population that predates the foundation of turkey or even the turkish migration into anatolia by a long time . 
  if they are n't natives pretty much no one is . 
  sorry but i still do n't get it . 
  what is being `` part of the fabric of turkey '' even supposed to mean ? 
  sure , they are a minority , especially after the genocide , but they are still natives to those lands . 
  and the assyrians not living in iraq are certainly no iraqis . 
  which just raises the question why a catalan from pyr\u00e9n\u00e9es-orientales with no ancestral ties to spain should not be considered a native of southern france . 
  the french part of catalonia is also part of the catalonian homeland .
