  two thousand is thousands . 
  i do n't see the contradiction here . 
   the area of turkey has been a united state and the local power almost continually for a good couple thousand years at least , under some form or another . 
  that 's certainly an unusual definition of `` turkey '' but fine . 
  i 'd still say anatolia was part of much larger empires or internally divided for most of the last two thousand years . 
  millennia are several thousands of years , so i 'm still curious what you 're refering to . 
  turkey is n't even one hundred years old . 
  even if you count the ottoman empire , which was far from a turkish nation state , that only would be 700 years . 
  millennia ? 
  i think you misunderstood u/uppityworm earlier . 
   there are solid reasons to prefer the non-sanction status . 
  that probably means that for russia there are solid reasons to prefer the non-sanction status . 
  not for the eu . 
  yeah , and i 'm sure your mom also thinks you 're a cool guy . 
  who said it was good trash talk ? 
  chill out man , i saw someone claim that europe has no freedom of speech and corrected him . 
  you would n't be punished here either , exept by people disagreeing with you like i said . 
  but maybe that 's bad enough for you , so you can always go back to your safespace . 
  maybe you should calm down a little because for some reason this topic really seems to rile you up . 
  yes , i call the loss of a child traumatic because that 's what it is . 
  if that word is n't dramatic enough for you i ca n't help you . 
  the loss of a child is horrible , i 'm not denying that . 
  but maybe you should also keep in mind that such a thing was much more common for rural families in premodern societies than it is today . 
  child mortality was far higher back then so , as hard as it sounds , losing one 's child was a part of pretty much everyone 's life . 
  and remember the children taken away by the youth levy could later reestablish contact with their families . 
  they were n't gone forever . 
  all in all this is comparable to other forms of forced conscription like in the late roman empire or napoleonic france . 
  do you also consider them crimes against humanity ? 
  and to put the numbers into perspective : 200 000 children being taken away throughout the 15th and 16th century means that every seven years roughly 7000 children were conscripted . 
  compared to a population ranging in the millions ( and you conveniently forgot all the nongreek orthodox subjects included in the devshirme ) that number seems a lot less staggering . 
  and no , i probably would n't like to give away my child . 
  but as shocking as that may sound to you , there are or have been people who did exactly that more or less voluntarily . 
  have you ever thought about the fact that there were many rural families that did n't possess the resources to properly care for all their children ? 
  giving one of them away might have been a good way to ensure that it was taken care of . 
  that was probably the reason why even muslim families , that did n't fall under the forced conscription of the devshirme , sometimes tried to give up one of their children to the youth levy . 
  so yes , the hole affair indeed was far more complicated than you try to portray it . 
  and you can claim to be morally outraged all day but it does n't change my impression that you flat out make stuff up . 
  or what are your sources for a prohibition on landownership or marriage inside a church ? 
  how exactly are you punished for your `` thoughtcrime '' ? 
  by people disagreeing with you ? 
  it does leave much space for exaggerations it seems though . 
  obviously those things existed and obviously they discriminated against nonmuslims . 
  but lets look a bit closer at the devshirme system if you like . 
  it was mainly in use in the 15th and 16th and had all but ceased to exist by the mid of the 17th century , almost three hundred years before the downfall of the empire . 
  it is estimated that throughout that time roughly 200 000 children from the balkans were recruited in this way . 
  certainly no small number , but it also means that not nearly every christian family in the empire was affected or otherwise the number would be much higher . 
  so the devshirme was far from an all pervasive fate for every single orthodox child on the ottoman balkans like you try to portray it . 
  that certainly does n't change the fact that it must have been a very traumatic experience for those families that were involved . 
  but probably not much more horrible than other forms of forced conscription that were practiced in many other premodern societies . 
  and it also was the best option for upward social mobility that those children had . 
  they would become part of the sultan 's elite force , the janissaries , or the imperial bureaucracy , meaning they could rise as high as the office of grant vizier . 
  and they were n't send back to fight against their own families . 
  why would the sultan want his soldiers to fight against his own subjects ? 
  it seems that many graduates of the devshirme even stayed in contacts with their old homes . 
  for example the grant vizier mehmed sokollu pasha , who hailed from a serbian family from bosnia , did much to improve the infrastructure of his home province and also reinstated the serbian patriarchate of pe\u0107 that had been abolished a century before . 
  so all in all evaluating the devshirme is much more complicated than you try to paint it . 
  some of your other claims seem to be flat out made up , like when you state that orthodox people were n't allowed to own land or marry inside a church . 
  that is , again , why i would like to know your sources . 
  when i 'm asking for sources what i have in mind are the academic writings of historians . 
  the topics you 're talking about lie centuries in the past so neither your personal unsourced opinion nor that of `` anyone from the christian balkans '' holds much weight in that regard . 
  neither you nor your parents or even your grandparents had any personal experience with the devshirme or the jizya tax . 
  i have done some reading on the topic and it did n't really correspond with the pitch black picture you 're trying to paint . 
  that 's why i was wondering if your opinion is based on anything substantial . 
  do you have any sources for those claims ? 
  most of them seem to be false or at least widely exagerated . 
  it 's not that easy either . 
  there are several important differences between the byzantine and the ottoman empire for sure . 
  the dominant religion or the language of the elites would be such obvious differences . 
  the fact that the ottoman emirate began as a separate state and only conquered the byzantine empire also marks a clear break . 
  but there are also significant similarities and continuities that should n't be so easily ignored . 
  both states were , at least for most of their history , multinational empires and not nation states . 
  the ottoman empire 's leadership was n't even close to uniformly turkish from its very beginning . 
  local greek magnates like the bithynian mihal ( michael ) pasha played leading roles immediately after the foundation of the emirate by osman . 
  as it expanded a large number of byzantine and slavo-byzantine nobles from the balkans were incorporated into its leadership , among them even members of the imperial house of palaiologos . 
  in later centuries the ruling circles were largely staffed with graduates of the youth levy from the balkans meaning men of albanian or serbian but not turkish origin were dominant . 
  several byzantine institutions also survived inside the ottoman empire . 
  the byzantine system of pronoia , granting dedicated streams of state income to individuals in return for military service is for example quite similar to the later ottoman timar system . 
  in the early empire there were even christian timariotes fighting for the ottomans . 
  the patriarchate of constantinople also stayed relevant and in some regards became even more important because it now was the premier tool through which the sultans governed their orthodox subjects . 
  those orthodox clearly were second class citizens behind the muslims but they could practice their religion without much interference , which catholic rulers would n't have allowed so easily . 
  in this regard the ottoman sultan became an important shield against unwanted catholic interferences . 
  reducing ottoman culture to its turkish element also ignores important byzantine influences like the hagia sophia 's function as a role model for major ottoman mosque buildings . 
  your argument seems to rest on the assumption that the migrating proto-bulgars more or less replaced the preexisting population in modern day bulgaria and therefor left a significant mark on the genetic makeup of modern bulgarians . 
  this however is quite unlikely considering that early medieval migration groups normally only counted several tens of thousands of people . 
  the original bulgars only formed a minority inside their new realm which also helps to explain why they eventually adopted the slavic language of their subjects . 
  we see similar processes with the germanic visigoths in spain or franks in gaul that also began to speak the latin language of their new surroundings . 
  besides , the term turkic in regards to the proto-bulgars refers to what kind of language these nomads spoke and genetic studies would n't be very helpful in determining this anyways . 
   fite me why would i ? 
  you 're not really wrong . 
  the ottomans incorporated plenty of byzantine institutions as well as people into their new state . 
  peace man , not war . 
  sure , there are differences between the byzantine empire , turkey and the ottoman empire and also how each of them is perceived . 
  they are different entities after all . 
  but i do n't think one could deny that the byzantine empire has very often been cast as `` the other '' and as an oriental culture in the west . 
  i mean this very map is an example of that . 
  the question is n't who is `` truly european '' and who is not . 
  i do n't think that this could satisfactorily be answered . 
  it 's about how each of those states is perceived by its western neighbours . 
  so i would definitely call the empire comparable with turkey in this regard . 
  comparable does n't mean that everything is exactly the same after all .
