  congratulations on being as great as russia , i guess ... 
  do n't be mean , build bridges . 
  even sad little kuckucks deserve a chance . 
  so does this mean you 're german ? 
  as far as we know ... 
  do you honestly believe that some random germans you know are in any way representative ? 
   at least that 's the vibes i 'm getting from the germans i know . 
  yeah , very reliable source of information . 
  wait , if all those polls are indeed rigged , how could you know about afd being around 20 % ? 
  how did you notice ? 
  i thought i was so subtle . 
  well , that settles it i guess ... 
  cool !, 
  thanks a lot !, 
  hi , not really on topic , but i 've been thinking about reading `` the mountain wreath '' for some time . 
  do you know about a good translation into english ( or german ) or ideally a bilingual edition serbian/english ? 
  thanks in advance !, 
  huh , is there a reason why you see the need to post this in a weeks old thread with a brand new account ? 
  i see that you 're passionate about this , but i fear you 're not going to convince anybody here . 
  a ) the boundaries of historic regions are n't set in stone and fluctuate over time . 
  yes , the ancient kingdom of macedonia occupied an area that today lies almost exclusively inside northern greece . 
  but for example in byzantine times the thema of macedonia was centered far more to the east of that around adrianople . 
  and beginning in ottoman times the region of macedonia encompassed what would later become the republic of macedonia , greek macedonia in northern greece as well as the pirin mountains in western bulgaria . 
  and it is at the very end of the ottoman period when the national identity of slavic macedonians first developed . 
  and as those people pretty much only settled inside what was at that time known as macedonia they obviously named themselves after their home region . 
  the geographical extent that macedonia had in antiquity is totally irrelevant in this regard . 
  b ) article 3 of the macedonian constitution clearly states that `` the republic of macedonia has no territorial pretensions towards neighboring states '' . 
  and even if they would have , they 're a tiny country with a tiny military while you are members of nato and the eu . 
  there is absolutely nothing to fear and no reason why macedonian irredentism would be of any actual concern to you . 
  c ) no idea what you 're trying to tell me here . 
  are you complaining about macedonian nationalists claiming that the ancient kingdom of macedonia was slavic ? 
  because if you are you would be right . 
  that is indeed ridiculous . 
  but i fear greek stubbornness and refusal to compromise even slightly regarding the naming issue will only lead to idiots like that gaining more and more support inside macedonia . 
  oh , and what 6 to 7 billion people are you talking about ? 
  d ) i guess this hypothetical scenario is supposed to put me in your shoes and empathize with your terrible plight . 
  but i fear i have to disappoint you . 
  germany and france do indeed share a lot of common history that both nations rightfully lay claim to . 
  for example the germanic tribe of the burgundians with their first kingdom around worms and their second one in what is today the french region of burgundy ; or charlemagne , out of who 's empire both the later states of germany and france would develop . 
  there is even a region inside of germany called `` franken '' after the same germanic tribe that gave france its name . 
  and still no one who is in their right mind would believe that all that shared history gives france any claims to german territory or vise versa . 
  that history does n't stand between us but connects us . 
  and today the friendship between germans and french is one of the central pillars of european unity . 
  maybe you should take that as an example . 
  sure . 
  the same goes for french or italian . 
  to be fair , the corbel arches used in the treasury of atreus are n't true self-supporting arches . 
  yes , he seems to have put them there after his original intention became unfeasible . 
  i wrote a paper a few years ago in which i tried to argue that agrippa 's pantheon was supposed to be a sanctuary for all the gods personally important to augustus . 
  cassius dio mentions statues of mars , which augustus honored with the temple on his own forum , venus , the mythical ancestor of the iulii , and caesar , augustus ' own divine father . 
  unfortunately we do n't know anything about who else was worshiped there , so this remains pure speculation . 
  yeah , the fact that it is written in german probably works against it being widely known internationally . 
  basically his argument rests on two archaeological discoveries . 
  first , remains of a circular wall beneath the floor level of the hadrianic pantheon have been detected that circumscribe an area more or less identical to the one currently occupied by the rotunda . 
  this wall is far too slim to be used as a substructure or to support some kind of roofing , which means it probably lined some kind of open courtyard . 
  second , an older set of stairs has been discovered beneath the one currently leading into the pantheon , which means the older building would have also been accessible from the north side . 
  gr\u00fcner can point to other examples of ancient italian sanctuaries that consisted of circular courtyards with rectangular entrance buildings , although all of them are far smaller than the pantheon of agrippa would have been . 
  if gr\u00fcner 's assumptions are correct the * templum agrippa * seems to have been the monumentalized version of an old italian building type . 
  this would make it similar to the mausoleum of augustus , which similarly transforms the old form of the tumulus into a truly monumental building . 
  and in this reconstruction agrippa 's pantheon with its entrance to the north does indeed interact with the family tomb of augustus . 
  it 's interesting to note that according to cassius dio agrippa originally even wanted to put up a statue of his friend inside the sanctuary of his new building and only decided against it when augustus intervened . 
  on the contrary , almost anything you see on the picture as well as inside of the building is still very much like it was in the times of emperor hadrian . 
  he argues pretty convincingly that the rectangular structure in agrippa 's pantheon already functioned only as a pronaos , like the latter one of hadrian 's time . 
  in place of the hadrianic rotunda was a huge circular courtyard in which the worship most likely would have taken place . 
  i 'm sorry , but i 'm genuinely not really sure what you 're trying to convey here . 
  are you saying this project is mocking other people because of their culture ? 
  that the holocaust is n't something that someone from outside of germany would know about ? 
  at least the guy who wrote `` jumping on dead jews '' under his picture seems to have known where he was . 
  would making an ass of myself at the memorial at nagasaki be ok because i 'm from europe ? 
  the person responsible for this project is living in berlin , yes , but he is also from israel , so this is n't really a case of german arrogance and your little parody of an angry german is kinda unwarranted . 
  also the holocaust is certainly not just some obscure part of german history without any connection to the wider history of the world and although there have been plenty of other cases of horrific mass murder throughout the ages there are features of the holocaust that definitely set it apart from anything else . 
  so the sentence `` no historical event compares to the holocaust '' does have its merits and i 'm not really sure what your issues with it are . 
  there are some aspects about this project that seem questionable to me as well . 
  for example i think you 're right about the questionable legality of using pictures of strangers from the internet and altering them in this way . 
  the right to be forgotten is addressed by the option to remove your own photo from the site but it still seems kinda iffy to me . 
  also the message that the artist sends is very mixed . 
  on the one hand he writes that there are no real rules how to behave at the memorial but on the other hand he pretty directly implies that the people pictured at the site are `` douches '' for doing what they did . 
  i for my part do n't think it 's fair to criticize people this harshly for enjoying themselves while visiting the memorial . 
  but i also believe that there is value in reminding us what kind of place this actually is and what weight the events that it commemorates really had . 
  what ? 
  civil war certainly was n't constant in the roman empire and none of those conflicts split the state along ethnic lines . 
  no , it 's absolutely not reasonable . 
  national sovereignty ca n't be an excuse for governments or people to do absolutely anything they like as long as it 's happening on their own territory . 
  otherwise there would be no basis to criticize or act against any government that is violating the human rights of its own population . 
  those churches are art historical treasures that are n't only important to some crazy nationalists . 
  they are part of the cultural heritage of all of us . 
  i 'm not in favor of returning majority albanian territories to serbia just because those churches are located within them . 
  but it is absolutely the duty of kosovo to preserve them for future generations . 
  we do n't joke about such things here . 
  what you see as a lack of originality is most likely meant to give the painting another level of meaning . 
  brezhnev and honecker ( that 's how you spell it ) were two world leaders ruling over undemocratic regimes , with the russian leader in a clear position of power over the other . 
  the people who look at this picture and recognize that it 's modeled after the famous one from the berlin wall are meant to think about putin , trump and the relationship between them in similar terms . 
  if you remove those associations the picture only shows two heads of state that are ( maybe unhealthily ) close to each other . 
  and by that it would be considerably less smart . 
  by the way , the famous `` bruderkuss '' from the berlin wall is most certainly also meant to represent much more than just the fact that brezhnev was a `` famous man-kisser '' . 
  no , there really was a [ unified chinese empire ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/han_dynasty ) back then . 
  arguing which one was more advanced is pretty strange though . 
  why specifically the vandals ? 
  that 's just one tribe out of many , probably not even 100 000 people strong and it did n't even settle in italy . 
  you have to bend history a lot to make that work .
