sorry , but is n't this discussion about women beeing allowed or not to wear a veil that covers their faces ? 
  if you want to prevent people from concealing bombs under their clothes you have to make skin-tight clothing mandatory . 
  so you fear those women could hide bombs they wear on their faces with those veils ? 
  far-fetched indeed . 
  are people in slovakia only mingling at church ? 
  because if that 's your concern do n't bother with taking in christian syrians either . 
  a syriac orthodox christian is n't more likely to visit a catholic or protestant church than a muslim would be . 
  from the fact that they are fleeing from a brutal civil war and have n't commited any terrorist acts ? 
  well sure , you can pillage ancient ruins and sell the looted antiquities on the black market for money , which is happening in the middle east right now . 
  but if that 's reason enough for you to go all isis you might want to do a little soul searching . 
  nobody is asking you to systematically collect the german news . 
  but if you claim to know anything about the situation here and make such an outrageous proclamation like you did , it is reasonable to expect that you can actually back it up . 
  but you simply ca n't . 
  what on earth has made you so fearful that you would so vehemently refuse to deal with the facts ? 
  because of some hearsay from a german colleague of yours ? 
  you can assume things all day long . 
  but i actually live here and i follow the news . 
  i can assure you : that wider trend you 're fearing is nothing but a ghost story that you made up in your head . 
  those occupiers in berlin did n't intend to harm anyone . 
  you really do n't have to agree with their actions but to say that they constitute any kind of evidence for your original claim is simply preposterous . 
  calling the incident at suhl a ` pogrom attempt ' is equally far fetched . 
  the shelter was overcrowded and tensions ran high . 
  to resort to violence is still wrong , do n't misunderstand me . 
  that 's why the authorities have to look into this and they do . 
  but neither of these incidents is a case of free roaming hoards of foreigners that make it impossible for germany to guarantee its basic security . 
  if those two cases proof anything than that the german government should do more to provide sufficient shelters for those people . 
  and it does have the ability to do so . 
  so that 's realy all you got ? 
  you claim there are hordes of violent foreigners roaming the streets of germany that make it imposible to guarantee basic security and all you have to show for are 40 people non-violently occupying an empty school without any islamist agenda . 
  you can claim that i 'm desensitized all you like . 
  does n't change the fact that you are unable to back up your obviously outrageous claim . 
  hey hey hey , everyone knows the city is called byzantium . 
  what has [ byzaz of megara ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/byzas ) ever done to you that you disrespect him like this ? 
  yes , in 2012 a group of some 200 refugees occupied an empty school building in berlin kreuzberg as part of a larger movement that protested in favour of better conditions for asylum seekers . 
  last year the city government could reach an agreement with most of them resulting in roughly 160 leaving the building . 
  the remaining refugees are still living there . 
  i know of no violent clashes between them and the police . 
  the only battles those 40 refugees have won have been in court . 
  so again you fail to provide any evidence for even one incident of large scale muslim mob violence happening in germany . 
  maybe it is time to stop the fear mongering , do n't you think ? 
  first of all nationalism as a concept is n't nearly as old as you seem to think it is . 
  second : yes it gives you a national identity , but how exactly is this of any value in and of itself ? 
  why should somone who shares arbitrary things like language or national cuisine with me necessarily be any more dear to me than someone who does not ? 
  i do share my national identity with those thugs who go about burning down asylum shelters . 
  why should i feel more connected to someone who would stoop so low than with those refugees from syria ? 
  you claim this is selfevident , but how is it so ? 
  i assume you 're refering to the violent clash between different refugees in the asylum shelter at suhl which allegedly was caused by one of them ripping pages from a quran . 
  i have to admit i 'm not quite sure what caused this incident as the proceedings looking into it are n't finished yet as far as i know . 
  the fact that the shelter was very much overcrowded probably had much to do with it . 
  but in no way or form is such a clash the same thing as violent hordes of islamists roaming the streets of germany . 
  i think you should look for other examples or otherwise change your oppinion on the security situation in this country . 
  ahh , now i get it . 
  you think as being a racist means only caring for white people , so not being a racist must mean only caring for brown people . 
  in that case i can inform you that this is actually wrong . 
  and why exactly would you do that ? 
  huh , could you elaborate ? 
  because i kind of think ukrainians have the same human rights as everyone else . 
  but why bring it up in this context ? 
  no , even a refugee has the right to flee where ever he wants to . 
  and not to flee to a country where your human rights are probably going to be badly violated is kind of common sense . 
  so you 've been under attack by a violent horde of islamists in germany ? 
  because those are n't exactly common occurrences here either . 
  being human means they already have plenty in common with you . 
  much more than superficial stuff like last names , religion or language . 
  i 'm not saying macedonia should take in any large scale numbers of refugees . 
  your country certainly has its own problems and not nearly the same capacities as germany . 
  but if you would be willing to take in almost 40 million poles ( and i doubt you could acctually handle that ) but not a single syrian just because their names sound funny there might be something seriously wrong in your country . 
   if you had war we would take all of you in and let you stay in our homes , because your us . 
  syrians are humans too , you know ? 
  i think it 's quite clear [ what the pope thinks about the issue ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/pope-francis-brands-rejection-of-migrants-an-act-of-war-10448215.html ) . 
  i think your tinfoil hat fits a little too tightly . 
  yeah , sure , `` most german people '' . 
  having had first hand experience with many i 'd say turks are integrated quite well in germany actually . 
  no significant racial , cultural or religious tension to speak of . 
  if the same will happen with the syrians ( and why would n't it ? ), 
  there is no reason to worry . 
  also , there are no ` millions ' of arab muslims coming to germany . 
  so i guess , no , we have not become ` literally fucking insane ' . 
  but thanks that you are so concerned for us . 
  are you honestly trying to paint isis as a native movement from syria , when its leadership mostly comprises iraqis and it employes thousands of jihadis from all over the world ? 
   there is no real party with a chance to get into parliament with the will to deport all of them . 
  hm , strange , i wonder why . 
  which ones ? 
  those that considered people of other ` races ' to be inferior ? 
  those that killed each other in war after war ? 
  or those that were practicing large scale slavery ? 
  i 'd say modern europe is doing quite good compared to its past . 
  are you guys done distorting what 's acctually happening ? 
  well , that goes both ways though . 
  if you are of turkish descent people in germany will call you a turk , no matter how many generations your family has been living here , what your passport says , how well you speak german or how well you fit into society . 
  if everyone else considers you to be a turk first and foremost you might as well do . 
  and to do so says nothing about how well you are integrated into german society . 
  if they want to cheer for turkey when both countries play a football match against each other there is no harm done after all . 
  i have honestly no idea what you even try to convey here . 
  are you suggesting we should enslave refugees ? 
  that is literally comically evil . 
  i know i should simply be appalled but it 's just so bizarre . 
  where do people like you even come from ? 
  true , but great britain still played its part in it . 
  so if this guy now pretends as if his country had nothing to do with the crisis in the middle east while shifting the blame on people who acctually try to ameliorate its effects it 's just a bit much , that 's all .
