  i have no idea why this seems to be an either-or-question to you . 
  that catholic kingdoms controlled much of the continent 's land mass and population does n't mean that other states like the islamic caliphate of cordoba or the orthodox byzantine empire were n't equally part of europe . 
   islam also had . 
  exactly . 
  europe also partly has a muslim history , some of its countries even today have large muslim populations and there are millions of muslim europeans . 
  although arguably the impact of orthodox christianity on the whole of europe was even larger . 
   those countries became `` orthodox '' in the 10th century , at the time it was just the romans and the pope . 
  and not to mention that those countries were not considered european until recently . 
  i have no idea what this is supposed to say . 
  what time ? 
  the 10th century ? 
  back then it certainly was n't only `` the romans and the pope '' whatever that 's even supposed to mean . 
  and who did n't consider greece , serbia or bulgaria not european until recently ? 
   dunno , at the time they did n't identify with europe at all and that 's the point . 
  at that time the idea of europe was n't important to anyone 's identity . 
  you would probably have to exclude the latins from europe as well with that definition . 
   it did n't . 
  when the fourth crusade took over greece byzantium had already lost 90 % of anatolia . 
  after basil there was no strong competitor in the balkans so of course it survived for a little while the losses to the turks . 
  but it could n't survive another attack without anatolia . 
  and the strongest successor state was unsurprisingly in iznik , modern turkey . 
  greece had already been depopulated even before the crusaders while anatolia was both the bread basket and the main source for soldiers . 
  byzantium survived for almost four hundred years after the battle of manzikert . 
  that 's much more than just `` a little while '' . 
  and there certainly were strong competitors in the balkans after basil ii , like hungary , the normans/the kingdom of naples or the pechenegs . 
  under the komnenoi emperors byzantium recovered from the loss of pretty much all of anatolia that followed manzikert and kept on as one of the dominant powers in the eastern mediterranean . 
  back then the balkans unquestionably were the heartlands of the empire . 
  the eventual success of the empire of nikaia does n't necessarily prove your point either . 
  at times epiros had much better chances at retaking constantinople and nikaia itself only became dominant among the byzantine successor states after it had retaken most of northern greece . 
  and what does byzantium 's later history even have to do with the question whether belisarius , a man from the 6th century , was european ? 
  even if that would be true , how is this in any way relevant to the sentence i replied to ? 
  the circumstances are completely different . 
  neither are the people that are coming to europe today a foreign army nor were the forces that charles martel fought against refugees . 
  equating the two does nothing but distort the problem the eu is facing today . 
   there are hundreds of sources . 
  and they are all equally unimportant for the question at hand . 
  all they attest to is frequent conflict with other european societies . 
  i know i repeat myself but european societies were frequently in conflict with each other . 
  evidence for this conflict does n't equal evidence whether the involved parties were european or not . 
   with all due respect i do n't think at the time let 's say estonia was relevant to europe . 
  maybe estonia ( why ???? ), 
  was n't but byzantium most certainly was . 
  throughout its history it had a huge impact on much of the continent . 
  the empire and all the orthodox countries that mainly look towards constantinople and not rome when it comes to their historic heritage are as much a part of european history as the kingdoms of the latin west were . 
  most greeks for example probably identify much more with niketas choniates than with the crusaders that he describes . 
  are they therefor not european ? 
   it says a lot that the empire survived the loss of its european provinces but could n't survive the loss of its asian ones . 
  they were simply more important . 
  the empire survived the loss of much of anatolia for centuries . 
  its position became more or less untenable after it also lost control over much of the balkans after the fourth crusade . 
  equating refugees with foreign armies seemingly never gets old with some people . 
   they did n't think in those terms , they believed the roman emperor was the sole owner of the whole world and the `` west '' were only temporary occupied regions of the roman empire . 
  true , which begs the question why you brought up the dichotomy asia-europe in the first place . 
  belisarius probably would n't have had much use for our modern conceptions of `` being european '' . 
  but the same is arguably true for many if not most others in the [ warriors of europe ] meme . 
  the ancient greeks had a totally different conception of what it meant to be european than we do , yet this normally does n't stop people from styling them as the starting point for `` western civilization '' . 
  the byzantines are as much a part of the story of european civilization ( s ) as the ancient greeks or romans or any other medieval society on the continent are . 
  i do n't see how the words of choniates are of any significance here . 
  like i already wrote european societies were frequently in conflict with each other . 
  you could cite similarly damning statements by brits about germans or germans about french etc. 
  this also kind of gives the impression that you equate europe with the latin/catholic west which a lot of people would rightfully disagree with . 
   the empire 's core region militarily and economically was anatolia not the balkans which were only seldomly under imperial rule . 
  of course , thrace remained the most important region . 
  byzantine history is exceptionally long and throughout it the territorial base of the empire changed at lot . 
  at times anatolia was more important than the balkans at others it was not . 
  from the 12th century up to the end of the empire the balkans absolutely were the heartland of byzantium . 
  and more importantly in the times of belisarius the balkans were the place of origin for much of the eastern roman empire 's military and courtly elite including the general himself as well as his emperor justinian . 
  european societies very often had hostile relations amongst each other . 
  not sure what this is supposed to prove . 
  you even contradict yourself when you write that the `` byzantines were not a european civilization '' but then also that `` they were as much asian as they were europeans if not more '' . 
  does that mean they were n't asian either ? 
  large parts of the byzantine empire , including the all important capital of constantinople , were located inside europe , it had a huge impact on the rest of the continent and belisarius himself was even borne in europe . 
  calling him a european warrior is as justified for him as it is for william wallace or widukind . 
  it happens . 
  it 's just one sentence after all . 
  your pedantry would be justified if boris johnson were just a random british person and not the uk 's foreign secretary . 
  his statements should at least be indicative of great britain 's official position . 
  and considering that any trade deals will most likely be negotiated by the british government and not the whole collective of all british people it 's even plausible to assume that jessicasc2 and beechey were using the words `` brits '' and `` uk '' as a metonymy for this very government which would make boris johnson 's statement even more relevant . 
  to be fair , it 's not at all clear whether this mosaic actually depicts belisarius . 
   the development threatens to embarrass boris johnson , the foreign secretary , who after meeting mr trump 's advisers in january claimed that britain would be `` first in line '' for a deal . 
  like [ this ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d6/charlemagne_autograph.svg ) . 
  [ and then break their own record . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/year_of_the_five_emperors ), 
  and i 'm pretty sure my answer was also a joke . 
  yes , the * state * of new york . 
  should be big enough to find some space for vineyards there outside of the city of new york and central park . 
  no he is n't . 
  if you take voting for `` yes '' as a sign that those people are n't very well intergated in the societies they 're living in then it makes perfect sense to contrast them with everyone else . 
  lumping together yes-voters and those that did n't vote at all on the other hand does n't . 
  probably somewhere around [ here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/new_york ) . 
  hitler was born and raised as a catholic and he never left the catholic church . 
  he also made several statements throughout his life that seem to show him to be supportive of christianity . 
  however he also frequently stated the reverse :  the heaviest blow which ever struck humanity was christianity ; bolshevism is christianity 's illegitimate child . 
  both are inventions of the jew ( n. cameron - r.h. stevens , ( trans . 
  ) , hitler 's table-talk ( 1953 ) p. 7 )  the best thing is to let christianity die a natural death . 
  ( p. 49 )  christianity is a rebellion against natural law , a protest against nature . 
  taken to its logical extreme , christianity would mean the systematic cultivation of the human failure . 
  ( p. 51 ) at other times he was praiseful of other religions :  you see , it 's been our misfortune to have the wrong religion . 
  why did n't we have the religion of the japanese , who regard sacrifice for the fatherland as the highest good ? 
  the mohammedan religion too would have been more compatible to us than christianity .
