  there are judges which sentenced people to death or prison on the whim of socialist regime ( pzpr mostly ) . 
  they ( or their children ) are still active and are passing a judgements in line with `` totalna opozycja '' . 
  this article is used by these judges as shield against `` undemocratic pis '' . 
  they have right that one authority want to regulate other but they only see pis regulate them but do n't mention that they regulate pis . 
  democracy is no excuse to have not objective judges . 
  there is power shift in poland and eu is siding with one side of dispute while they are supposed to no do that . 
  lidl in poland has ok beer for 0,5-0 ,75 eur ( per bottle ) and i consider that good price . 
  do i understand that correctly that good price comes from `` bulk buy '' , you have to buy 20 + bottles ? 
  ... in warsaw . 
  they are , i work here . 
  50c per liter or per bottle ? 
  25c per bottle is fucking steal . 
  chart is about test results so it is quite possible to have a bit higher score while having worse accent . 
  so we agree . 
  funny thing , you have to work on your irony to be easier perceived or i have to work on my sense of humor , 
   yeah . 
  when pis makes a legal gathering every counter-gathering is ** legal ** by default . 
  what do you mean ? 
  you wrote in first post `` if you set up an illegal gathering '' . 
  weak shitpost . 
  poland is queen of the world because christ is our king , 
  i wrote it because you have to know history to not repeat it . 
  i agree with you that poland , plc had many liberties for nobles , my addition was that these made state weak . 
  so while this was very pleasant place to live for szlachta it was n't sustainable project . 
  i compared situation before partition with now . 
  do you need more explaination ? 
  `` but , but ... bad pis '' , lol, 
  you read gazeta wyborcza and you know that comments will contain hate speech . 
  i think that pis love free speech too much . 
  they should jail hate speakers , frasyniuk could be good start . 
  about right . 
  if somebody watch tv is anti-trump by definition . 
  if somebody reads political blogs , depending which side it is pro or anti-trump . 
  majority see hitlery as devil itself so it 's attitude to trump depends if they see him as worse then cthulhu or only bad . 
  the rest do n't care . 
   the nobleman 's democracy was n't a good type of government what we can see by how it ended plc was partitioned because it could n't field army big enough to fend off foes . 
  and one could n't field army because it was decentralised to the max . 
  as we can see max authonomy = weak state . 
  if we look on current events though that lens , there are people which want to enforce bad law and try to block any reforms . 
  poles have obligation to fight this influence and create strong state . 
  any who insist on maintaining status quo is enemy of poland and should be deal accordingly . 
  it still bothers me , why is romania soo poor ? 
  comparing to times of battle of varna , moldova , walahia were quite developed , access to black sea , fucking fierce military , wtf ? 
  that is why there is so few comments . 
  when pis make small mistake there is 200 + post thread about rule of law when there is other way around so very few but ofcourse there is no bias , lol . 
  * `` kaczy\u0144ski is far right '' , we disagree here but looks like labels help us only so far , the same for nsdap being far left/right . 
  do i understand correctly that for you nationalism is what distinguishes right from left ? 
  * `` every media is biased , mass media or not . 
  no one can pretend to have the objectiv truth on everything ( except far-right and far-left media ... ) '' except that msms give yourself right to decide what is extremism and should n't be given voice and what is not . 
  i would n't have problem with that if you would n't imply that `` omniscience '' is only far right 's flaw . 
  * `` we still live in the bourgeoisie domination . '', 
  this was my point . 
  regarding all merits i agree but from my pov well being of workers was only byproduct of changes not goal in itself . 
  but hard to not notice improvement comparing to prefrench revolution 's times . 
  but after fall of communism goals of progressives and lower classes decoupled and they show their true colors which is my charge . 
  * '' `` how would you call somebody who cheers to idea of importing people which will lower his wages , which will be pretext to dismantle county 's social security and will be pretext to restric civil rights ? '', 
  i call this classic neoliberal agenda ( mostly conservative but not only cf blair , macron schroder etc ) . '', 
  we are heading somewhere  but i was asking about regular voters . 
  we wo n't buy new equipment in russia and wo n't throw away old one right away . 
  transition take time ... long one :(, 
  you still can ... as long as you are loyal to the country itself . 
  you mean closing unauthorised cell which hoped to become independent from dod despite formally belong to ? 
  it was n't confronting eu it was eu trying to impose own rule based on information deformed by `` polish friends '' . 
  there is no problem with polish-eu cooperation as long as both side respect each other . 
  there are listed prerogatives of eu and bruxels drones sometimes try own luck with oversteping so they should be spanked just to make exemple . 
  po was so deep in german pocket to even imagine such a action so our `` eu partner '' used too much to such situation . 
  times changed , no hard feeling . 
  problem is the most educated ones are these sponsored by euro subsides so they do n't bit hand which feed them . 
  it really should be law outlawing foreign lobists or we will have next partition . 
  wait a second `` president should defend integrity of country '' ... 
  except this is not parents - teenagers relation . 
  all transfer were negotiated and are only part of the deal . 
  many poles are affraid of losing structural funds , i would say let 's make them lower and lower to completly vanishing with each perspective . 
  they are tool of corruption , we do n't need them . 
  problem is their most sturdy defenders will be ... foreign companies winning local infrastructral project so that not gon na happen . 
  by going crazy do you mean trying to : cut off influance of exsecret services , improving tax collecting , talking about polish interest with foreigners and giving benefits to children ? 
  yep , sure , repeat that and many will believe . 
  do you really suggest that illiterate , no english speaking pis lovers from small villages charge internet en masse ? 
  one lie or another . 
  poles are proeu because proeu propaganda since many years . 
  poland improve from freeing from socialism because there is no reason that similar educated and governed societes have vastly different standard of living . 
  we benefit from eu 's freedoms , subsidies are just the icing on the cake , nice but not important ( excluding agricultural policy ) . 
  agricultural policy deform free market and should be changed but i suspect french farmers will oppose that more then polish . 
  you forget to mention that poles got very good opinion about german car , institutions , infrastructure , hell even army as war machine . 
  we just can not find themself in situation where our little bitch prussia grow so much  joking aside , when poles and germans are working together as equals some interesting dynamic take place . 
  poles becomes more disciplined and germans more inovative . 
  it could give quite good results as long healthy balance between both nationals are maintained . 
  regarding masses being infuanced by massmedia . 
  could you tell me other tools of influance ? 
  because so far i see that most of them follow one narrative and i would n't call that unbiased . 
  do you deny that could have influance on people 's worldview ? 
  `` little clarification : i can vote for progressivism or conservatism movement but i ca n't vote for far right or far left movement . '', 
  really ? 
  i would n't notice . 
  sarcasm aside , i believe in freedom , equality and justice , quite strange for conservative man , but i got school to blame  anyway , i 'm triggered when there are double standards and people do n't even try to be objective . 
  you called me far right and this is offensive phrase in you dictionary yet you feel insulted if i only suggest doing something similar vice versa ? 
  do n't this behavior fit to `` hate ppl who dont have the same ideology/opinion and want to shut down them/insult them . '' ? 
  i have no problem with makeing fun of bald , muscular man which like roman salute but feel quite offended when i 'm bundled with them as that is false , unjust and just lazy . 
  little detour , i would n't call national socialist party far right but who i 'm to adjust someone education ? 
  regarding progressivism , do you realise that french revolution was to elevate bourgeoisie over nobles and clergy not to advance society ?
