  it is almost pure theoretical disscussion . 
  10 xi 1444 , the worse day of my life , 
  like gb ? 
  we will be interested in condition of that divorce . 
  poland do n't have might nor nobody seriuos in poland want to enforce that project so only willing countries would partycipate . 
  it is not idea for today but rather for tommorow if ( and it is big if ) situation change and eu will retreat from that place while russia do n't dominate it . 
  condition are rather restricting so no need to be extremally exited about this nonetheless poland is trying to be present in the region . 
  but it is activity not restricted to germany or france as they try to imply . 
  for me it is much ado about nothing . 
  good one . 
  of course eu do n't pretend to be empire ? 
  but it is good one because it suits germany and france ? 
  like reviving old empire ? 
  i would n't call it retarded just visionary  regarding turkey , from my pov you are sailing in just that direction and do n't see abstacles in near future which will divert you from that course . 
  how does it look from inside ? 
  beside both project have no chance in current situation but history did n't end and they could be answers for question not asked , yet . 
  but we do n't know what is planed for this part of the world . 
  commoners did n't expect fall of roman empire , austrohungarian empire , 3rd reich and soviet union . 
  european union is not the stablest project in history , either . 
   poland is a threat to russia are you ok ? 
   by being the usa 's faithful lapdog poland is creating some friction with it 's european neighbors . 
  it was n't problem with gb but with poland it is ? 
  more ger+fra bullying and more countries will look for support from outside eu . 
  i know , i live nearby but 2,5 k e is high in ee . 
  i wanted to know if that kind of money is country avarage or rather position specific . 
  this is bait to click busydoholandii.org it should be deleted . 
  do you care to elaborate ? 
  2,5 k eurs after taxes in slovakia ? 
  wow , slovakia really make a progress . 
  what do you do ? 
  maybe because the jews fled from all over europe from persecution to us ( 16th century ) where they had their golden age . 
  they lived here for many centuries , having better conditions than locals so quite contrary to this glorious western europe . 
  before world war ii poland was home to the largest diaspora in europe , and the percentage of jews in the whole population was the largest in the world ( probably because it was so bad here/s ) . 
  during the war the germans massacred them , but after the war , the germans and the jews were getting along . 
  after the war , the warriors for independence were proseciuted by the security apparatus with a huge overrepresentation of the jews . 
  taking all this into account , i would call them ungrateful , and talked more about the anti-polonism of the jews , and not vice versa but i am probably xenophobic . 
  ok , enough . 
  we got nothing to gain with dissccussion heading that way . 
  only our enemy got . 
  there are few threads which could be expand but it is not forum for that . 
  i wish you all the best in your duty , to gain the highest skill and no opportunity to use it . 
  whatever , i hope i will see you in thread about american constitution where you will be preaching new history and will try to convince them that their constitution was n't first . 
  but who am i kidding , you would n't dare to do that . 
  did you vote for po ? 
  modus operandi seems fitting , belittle your country and oppose everything what could be seen as positive about one . 
   taking into an account your attitude and more recent treatment of polish actors in lithuania ma\u017eeiki\u0173 nafta , discrymination of polish minority  it 's polish geopolitical goal to keep lithuania independent whether you like it or not . 
  your independence is mean not goal for us . 
  it is better to fight in lithuania then poland but when fighting could be more favorable for us in poland pragmatism is a way to go . 
  no reason to waste soldiers and equipment in uphill battles for which we receive only `` shitty gratitude '' . 
   then you 're free to leave nato and eu , good luck . 
  lol , lithuania will expel us ? 
  poles are megalomaniacs , looks like you were too long with us in one state . 
  for its time ? 
  hard to compare , first of its kind in europe and second in the world . 
  i was heavy participating in that thread . 
  do you mean me ? 
  i did n't expect anybody to celebrate . 
  i treated that as another card from calendar thing . 
  regardning constitution , is it soo much diffrent from parlaments threads ? 
  yet i do n't remember any negative remarks about them . 
   have a nice day . 
   it was a shitty deal sticking with you . 
  blunt but honest . 
  as you wrote , alt-history , we will never know what would be better . 
   it should be an no brainer we would side with next country that could help us against russia in future . 
  fair enough , we should be less romantic and more pragmatic . 
  we poles got valuable lesson from that . 
  taking into an account your attitude and more recent treatment of polish actors in lithuania we should not interfere with your independence in coming war with russia . 
  we got nothing to gain and you do n't want our involvement in your relation with moscow . 
  lesson learned . 
  `` we are prepared to help sort the conflict out '' australian way . 
  `` because at present all i hear is this desire to not do shit '' i provided you with exemples of our involvement and you still did n't provided similar for belgium . 
   and then you try to change the subject to 19th century colonialism . 
  it is not changing topic . 
  i present you reason why you got obligation or justification to act , if you will but we do n't . 
  you basicaly try to force us to pony up while we did n't take part in the party . 
  crazy bully basically . 
  something like that : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/prussian_homage but seriously , different times , different circumstances . 
  germany is proud and strong state dominating poland we do n't need another tool to play that melody . 
  as i wrote i got ambivalent feelings about that . 
  i do n't expect germany to act in this issue accordingly to polish feelings . 
  it would be retarded . 
  we got accute megalomania but not as much  i tried to wrote as selfless as possible but there are limits to my selflessness . 
  it is in our interest to not have germany 's army strong enough to be able easly conquer poland . 
  on the other hand there are feelings and there is long history of respect to well performing army in poland even not ours . 
   also you prevented us ? 
  us like janusz `` traitor '' radziwi\u0142\u0142 ? 
  considering that deluge was as devastating for gd as for crown do you really prefer barbaric swedes over `` peaceful '' poles ? 
  stupid question , i know  but more seriously , do you think lituanians would have better position in union with sweden then in plc , why ? 
  it was signed as effect of lithuania being conquered by sweden , i know that russian threat was real but was it really worth it ? 
   spam if you are n't interested in just do n't read it . 
   what , i 'm a nazi now ? 
  did i said that ? 
  btw , are you ? 
   i do n't allow freedom of speech because i consider these things annoying ? 
  i have no problem with you expressing your attitude . 
  i will just ignore it when it suits me . 
  1611 , enjoy . 
  `` hardcore polonization actually happened after napoleonic wars , when russia started russification . '', 
  as a counter balance to russian action but i can understand your sentiment about that much more .
