  that and 1920 are valid reasons to your attitude . 
  i hope we could cooperate without such actions in the future . 
  but your attitude to union of lublin is much harder to comprehend ( by me ) . 
  russia is doing all they can to make us close to each other , right now  maybe our states will be in better relations in the future . 
  `` muscovy would n't have risen if gdl did n't kick golden horde from ex-kievan rus ' lands . '', 
  do you find muscovy rise as good outcome for lithuania ? 
  it was poland fault ? 
  you made your bed deal with fallout . 
  regarding sweden , nice idea . 
  why lithuania did n't gone that way ? 
  `` poland was also still fragmented when lithuania started to consolidate , we had time and opportunity . '', 
  i admire plc , lithuania was important part of it . 
  we got only one history we can only speculate . 
  nice small talk , thanks . 
  5 second of your precious life wasted on skiping post you 're not interested in . 
  looking at number of replays in this thread there are some people which read that and replay . 
  heck even you made input . 
  do you like to create shitstorm about nothing ? 
  you tell me . 
  what would happen ? 
  did i forbid such a topic regarding other state ? 
  do you have problem with freedom of speech ? 
  but it is ahistoric . 
  during union of lublin gd requested polish help agains muscovy invasion . 
  union was your bargain chip . 
  i can understood that you do n't like such situation but it was n't our fault . 
  you were asking for help , had your dynasty on our throne and starting positions was similar for you and us . 
  did we played dirty?could you describe what was optimum solution for you ? 
  do you think that independent lithuania \\ livonia \\ estonia ( riga ? ), 
  have not virtual chance between poland sweden and russia ? 
  as danish protectorate ? 
  but even that its not independence . 
  and ? 
  one of many states which dissolved . 
  harmless reminder ... or not ? 
  not really . 
  it made centralisation harder but we would face muscovy pressure much ealier if we did n't have east bufer and lack of strategic depth . 
  mixed bag i would say . 
  lithanians had jagiellons on polish throne , yet they complain about polonisation . 
  they had opportunity which they did n't seized . 
  not our fault . 
  `` as if crown was n't the one that made state fall with their liberum veto and elective monarchy . '', 
  not really , magnats were behind destroing balance of power between nobles and crown . 
  and stronger magnats were in gd . 
  `` be russified or be polonized , you mean ? '', 
  to be blunt ? 
  yes , you ( as lituanians ) put yourself in this situation . 
  from my pov russification is cancer but i 'm biased . 
  we will never know but do you really want to say that you expect to be better treated by russians with whom you were fighting then in plc where you are nominally equal with coresponding states ? 
  could you expand ? 
  `` after the collapse of ussr '' when we tried to run away from anything resembling cccp `` poles were n't ready '' and trying to move to the west as far as we could . 
  maybe next time stars would allign better . 
   `` if they feel like it '' is critical component . 
  looks like this topic is less funny for our `` partners '' from former grand duchy . 
  i hope we did n't offend them . 
  and here we got a problem . 
  such articles are preparation to revive prussian millitary tradition . 
  while i applaud their performance i can not forget about attrocities . 
  as a pole , i would prefer germany never return to them . 
  as a conservative , attitude of german society really make me sick . 
  the more eu push us the more i 'm glad german 's spirit is broken . 
  poland did n't forced gd to union . 
  both sides seen some profit in joining forces and independence was n't viable option . 
  lithuania had to choose to be enslaved by muscovy or create quite powerful state . 
  they may not like outcome but it is hard to blame crown for that . 
  do you have problem with that ? 
  grand duchy was n't match for muscovy . 
  do you prefer their rule ? 
  158 billion euros i 'm eurosceptic but i can understand need to unification in this context . 
  west europe prosperity comes from colonialism , * yes . 
  some of it does . 
  but i 'm not really interested in changing the subject at this time . 
  * changing topic ? 
  i tried to rationalise actions which from my pov are detrimental to well being european countries helping africans . 
  maybe i should n't but then you should n't rate our stance on this issue . 
  but you do n't have intend to do soo so get lost . 
  * instead of actually making yourselves useful to the eu and to the alliance , you are just free-riding . 
  * these people should n't cross eu border ( atleast most of them ) but eu refused to enforce border control . 
  you made your bed now sleep in it . 
  * you do n't want to send troops to the conflict zone * you lack wisdom or good will ? 
  https://pl.wikipedia.org/wiki/wojsko_polskie_w_operacjach_pokojowych could you provide similar information about belgium as a point of reference ? 
  * nor ships to the med * https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/orp_genera%c5%82_tadeusz_ko%c5%9bciuszko took place in operation on mediterranean sea in 2016 . 
  * but you do n't want to deal with the consequences of not doing so either . 
  * you are attacking strawman ... * you have to choose . 
  * no , eu chose to take these people against our stance . 
  we can not force you to not do that but we will oppose when you try to force us to take responsibility for such stupidity . 
  * and now you try to change the subject to 19th century colonialism for some reason . 
  * i tried to understand your position but looks like we have a war here and i should n't do that but it is me which is defensive , lol . 
  better now ? 
  west europe prosperity comes from colonialism , eastern , not soo much . 
  i understand that you could feel some obligation towards africans but we feel like new congo when you try to force us to help people which we do n't owe anything . 
  belgium is specific . 
  do you feel good when you see belgium and africa in one sentence ? 
  i would n't . 
  it is funny when somebody from belgium is lecturing east european about treating africans . 
  you should help africa we did n't raped it . 
  he is unpopular among followers of political rival . 
  he is seen '' ( by them ) as merkel 's puppet determined to enforce her will . 
  not only now but even during his time as pm of poland . 
  his promotion to brussels is seen as escape from prosecutions .
