  there really is consensus in poland that judical system have to be reformed . 
  people differ in opinion regarding method pis employed . 
  problem is corrupt opposition block any changes because they fear that without protection from their judges they will be in jail . 
  and bruxelles side with this side of political scene . 
  another case when they are against polish voters . 
  it looks like they just does n't care about that which will rise euroscepticism in poland which i do n't complain , 
  guy 's speech ? 
  would you support ceausescu 's courts if people try to overthrow them ? 
  i bet you would . 
  situation in poland is similar only problem is eu like lefists regimes much more than rightwing democratically elected goverments . 
  yep , do n't put him on pedestal . 
  he surrendered to the whim of paid protesters . 
  he will never a satisfy them and he will lose support of his true backers . 
  what a masterpice . 
  beside you are to shy it was 5 milions people in his backyard , i saw this/s , moron . 
   deteriorated into a right-wing fapcircle over the last year . 
  ... while / r/polska has been left-wing fapcircle since ages . 
  atleast there is some balance but far-left ( as always ) do n't like pluralism and equal chances , ironic is n't it ? 
  as i thought . 
  good in theory but reality is hard to cope with , right ? 
  this is sarcasm right ? , right , gaivs_marivs ? 
  i feel weird having to ask such a question . 
  get over it . 
  there are countries which like trump . 
  you can not ghettoize him nor poland . 
  i know it is hard to swallow for totalitarian mind but there are places when religion of pc , progressivism and love of emigrants are n't enforced by state . 
  good lord , so no help even from that side ? 
   on the other hand nice to hear that muslims asimilate , quite contrary to our local narrative . 
  time to chill out , weekend almost there . 
  have a nice day . 
  we do n't have many recent muslim migrants as you maybe heard . 
  and our less recent are not vocal so i can not relate to them . 
  i wrote assuming that my impression ( based on internet content ) was close to reality . 
  could you elaborate on that ? 
  you really make me interested in . 
  do i get it right that you imply that lefists want migrating muslims to drop their heritage and follow lefists pov ? 
  i was assuming that they do n't stress integration . 
  it is huge digression but i hope you do n't find it boring . 
  states was erected to defend values and principles of its founders . 
  if we force state to take into en account more rights it have to divert part of its means to enforce these new regulations , it leave less means to enforce old one . 
  additionally many individuals can no identify yourself with new set of values and decide to resist it ( atleast passively ) leaving state with less resources . 
  it could be done , if done slowly to fine tune balance between new responsibilities and growing state . 
  from my pov it looks like new rights grow much faster than state ability to accomodate them that why leaving it undermined . 
  i do n't see reason why rights of florist should be less regarded to rights of f-ing gays . 
  but you are right i was n't clear enough . 
  it was reference to some gay couple demanding florist to make bouquet with direct sex theme . 
  i do n't remember details now , so i stand corrected and i agree that this example should n't be used in my post . 
  answer to attempts to lowering cohesion of country . 
  homosexuality was contained by not being inherited . 
  when we factor in that gays could have children that brake will not exist anymore . 
  as i said i have no problem with two mature humans make consensual sex with each other in private . 
  i got problem with changing society to needs of gays and with higher number of them this is inevitable . 
  regarding islam , do i really need to remind you their stance on homosexuality ? 
  `` this outdated institution still does n't respect our rights . 
  how they dare , will should force them to follow law '' do n't you see that narrative ? 
  really ? 
  progresives use to ignore opinion of christians on that issue . 
  they seems to be more receptive to muslims wishes . 
  it will be interesting to watch how lefists will reconcile their love to lbgt community with their support for muslim emigration . 
  i suspect many gays will be butthurt . 
  crazy world , maybe islam is an answer after all ? 
   we do n't force christian churches to hold jewish ceremonies but we force christian churches to hold homosexual wedding but we force unwilling bakers to bake torts for homosexual wedding but we force unwilling florists to make flowers for homosexual wedding we force them but we are for freedom . 
  i do n't have problem with homos making sex in private . 
  i have problem with actions which make society weaker and in long run much weaker . 
  i could be outvoted , sure . 
  but i got my consolation , this trend is not sustainable . 
  one day you will include groups which will be aggressively antilbgt and that group will change law , for the worse for gays . 
  wait a second ... it is already taking place  good luck with unsustainable policies , it will bit you in the ass , someday . 
  so right to adoption and help of state in invitro procedure if it is available for hetero couples ? 
  i see we agree which station is biased . 
  can you tell me which are not biased ? 
  i do n't know any but looks like you do , so let us know . 
  do you consider that diffrent sources of information could have different view on issue in question ? 
  do you consider that diffrent sources could be biased due to diffrent goals ? 
  do you consider that due to different sources people have different opinion and that opinion is not invalid only because is different that yours ? 
  i know , crazy idea . 
  you still do n't get it , do you ? 
  soviet leaders was enemy and previous regime needed to force people to meet with them . 
  trump is , surprise , surprise , quite popular in poland people are genuine curious if lefist propaganda is true and he is bad guy or he is just `` our '' man . 
  yep , we were brother and muscovy is more successfull one . 
  envy is proverbial . 
  on the other hand russians have similar complex . 
  poland burned muscowy , managed to bend them a little . 
  they have https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/unity_day_ ( russia ) . 
  it is funny that imperial russia is so concerned with lesser brother . 
  in totalitarian regime it was duty . 
  now , it is opportunity to meet friendly western politician . 
  yes , i know , hard to comprehend . 
  frasyniuk was very vocal during transition from socialism to social liberalism ( 1989/1990 ) . 
  at this time he bought few tirs while avarage salary was 30usd . 
  does it sounds like typical dissident ? 
  regarding recent detention . 
  he took part in illegal contrmanifestation aimed at disrupting legal one . 
  he had badge saying `` fuck pis '' in antypis demonstration , really classy guy . 
  are you ok ? 
  you are writing in thread about entity which are suppose to be counterweight to failed eu ( if that happen ) and russia . 
  did n't you paid attention ? 
  how far could you bend it ? 
  i get it that you do n't like poland and do n't want to have anything with it in common but it is nor my nor your choice . 
  calm down .
