  `` from the royal castle in warsaw the swedes stole app . 
  200 paintings , a number of carpets and turkish tents , musical instruments , furniture , chinese porcelain , weapons , books , manuscripts , marbles , even dresses of maids and door frames pulled from walls . '', 
  wtf ? 
  `` door frames pulled from walls '' ? 
  i know that swedes were poor . . but come on . 
  was it even profitable to take that to sweden ? 
  how did they managed to seize plc with such medicore power base ? 
  you are some kind of prophet ? 
  but i like your vision . 
  problem is when you choose that way there is no return and outcome is not as obvious asi want it to be . 
  hi , nice to meet you . 
  you are missing / s on the end . 
  i 'm glad i could help . 
  have a nice day . 
  wow , sane european not deluded by po propaganda . 
  now , i saw everything  ad rem , you are right it hard to understand why there are nazi in poland aspecially after ww2 . 
  part of explanation could that their roots come from before war : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/national_radical_camp_ ( 1934 ) most of them looks like undereducated youth without chances to excell in current society . 
  answer is hostility and aimed foreigners are aimed . 
  as you can imagine there are people in current goverment which are satisfied with such situation because that take pressere from them . 
  there is no official policy of encouraging going neonazi but there is no serious fight with this either . 
  politics from inside as everywhere . 
  oh really ? 
  do you mean heineken , \u017bywiec , lech , okocim or other mass produced shit ? 
  \u0141om\u017ca is ok , so is urquell and budweiser , golden pheasant , perlenbacher , even argus . 
  but old polish brands are terrible . 
   how is what you 've written relevant at all to the article ? 
  let 's see , when you got topic about pogrom , perceived or real you got many comments about polish antysemitism . 
  yet , when there is other about jew taking part in holocaust ( as perpetrator or helper ) it is deafing silence . 
   you live just shoed in some kind of victim complex , i do n't know english this well . 
  could you write that other way ? 
   trying to make the whole submission about how poles are wronged because some bigots think poles are anti semitic . 
  let 's see ... yep , you are right . 
  i see a problem when we are treated differently then jews . 
  where there were polish perpetrators whole society should take blame when jew did that it is single case , he was polish jew , hell , he was just a pole . 
  to be clear there were pogroms as in all europe and they were bad , very bad . 
  but jews lived there for many centuries and had it better then locals but it is never mentioned in the context . 
  i just fight for less biased worldview . 
  now , you make me interested . 
  what is trashy in my comment ? 
  can you only insult or can you contribute something valuable ? 
  but , but ... poles are antisemitic , case closed . 
  one about uprising , one about commemoration , one about german gesture . 
  releted but diffrent topics . 
  if we assume that authors did n't act in cooperation i do n't see nothing unussual . 
  i can understand your sentiment but do you read all topics ? 
  i do n't , i just skip most of them . 
  can you ? 
  you are funny , if reality is not according to your worldview it is worse for reality ? 
  we are n't hostile toward refugees and migrants as you can find in this thread . 
  we are hostile toward people which do n't respect our culture and try to convert us . 
  funny thing is islam is much more similar to our ways of life then lefists one , yet lefists do n't see dangers we see . 
  but i do n't expect much from people thinking with their heart instead of brain . 
  which trait of empire us does n't has ? 
  poles do n't trust eu too much for a `` the most euroenthusiastic nation in the eu '' or maybe the latest ec 's action do n't serve that issue good or earlier polls regarding euroenthusiasm of poles were n't as correct as tusk wanted to believe . 
  anyway , i wish polish internal affairs would be disscused locally . 
  we admire german way of running business , we have high opinion about french culture , most of us like to party hard so we are likable persons . 
  i find it annoying that most topics about poland is centered around bashing us . 
  i can imagine that most european are mildly interested in poland affairs so maybe there is hidden agenda behind all these aggresives posts ? 
  strange , i always considered that czechs have strong national identity needed to survive many years of foreign rules . 
  did you identified more with austro-hungarian empire then own country ? 
  after 1989 we were told that we should go czechia 's way , it means : economy stupid , no stupid sentiments . 
  czechs do n't fight they build strong economy . 
  was it false ? 
  gmo apples can be harmfull but apples in general are beneficial . 
  i apologize polish jews but i will not apologize poles . 
  do you see pattern here or it has to be more blant ? 
  judges call themself `` kasta '' ( caste ) . 
  nepotism is rampant , there are not random people on the top . 
  proposed changes aim in shaking this group a little to elevate judges from lower courts to higher positions while firing up degenerated elite . 
  if current situation wont be changed corruption ( birthed from close ties ) will never cease to exist . 
  it is not pretty nor 100 % legal but you do n't clean cesspool beware of stains . 
  panzer 35 ( t ) and panzer 38 ( t ) was very efficient platform . 
  bohemia was major cannon supplier fo ck monarchy . 
  you are remarkably good in making weapon for such peacefull country  we envy you , no sarcasm . 
   if something is new , it does n't mean that it 's better . 
  we agree . 
   you can actually change a system and make it worse . 
  in general ? 
  yes . 
  in this situation ? 
  hard to do that , it is so bad . 
  pis proposal is n't ideal , is n't even good but is so much better from current state that i will defend it for good of my country . 
  you do n't cure cancer with herbs even if they are less harmfull you use chemo even if it has bad side effects . 
   they want to change it so that the executive branch can nominate judges in the judicial branch . 
  to the same or lesser degree than in germany , denmark , austria , sweden , holland , spain . 
  do you consider these countries as totalitarian ? 
  if not why poland is labeled as such ? 
  double standards in eu are terrible . 
   i would n't support ceausescu 's courts you do n't know situation in supreme court in poland , do you ? 
  there is contuinity between supreme court from times of ceausescu ( late warsaw pact ) and current time . 
  they were n't verified nor purged since then . 
  when one judge finish his term the rest appoint next . 
  as you can imagine new elected have similar worldview , moral compas and background as judges who elected him . 
  so if you oppose changing judges from current supreme court you support people rooted in ceausescu times . 
  balance of power is important in established democraties but when you try to clean mess from previous regime it is issue which block positive changes . 
   it 's about the fight against corruption . 
  yes , it is . 
  i expect ( as many ) that judge should be not biased , nor politically affiliated and his rulings should n't be dependant on the accused . 
  problem is when many judges are exactly opposite . 
  celebrities are never sentenced , judges openly side with one side of political debate , there are many cases when thievs are pardoned while prosecutors are persecuted for exposing thief in question .
