cimmerian south-western ? 
  i would say north , rather . 
  i 'm really enjoying conversation with you so do n't take following personally but your answer is asking for that  do you realize that not all european countries were colonizing africa , right ? 
  that there is eu which push emigrant quota on east european countries which did n't coloniced ? 
  we had somekind of colony in our vicinity but not exactly colony that is why we have so many ukrainians in poland . 
  afaik most ukrainians are ok with poland so there is possiblility to make relation with dependent territories somewhat ok . 
  ritual of passage , nvm . 
  i tried to be helpful . 
  there is problem which for me are people fleeing his own country due to misserable condition . 
  we got something similar here . 
  we sold our lagging behind industry for pennies , opened our market and joined eu for what we received freedom of movement . 
  it costed us dearly so we are angry on people which try to achieve the same for free . 
   thats a huge conjecture . . you think if theres no dowry involved men would be having less sex with their wives ?? 
  if you have to pay quite substantial amount for something you are damn sure that you will use it . 
  if dowry is attractive for girl 's parents , as you wrote , they want it as soon as possible because a ) faster money are better , b ) it cuts their costs . 
  that is why girls are marring younger and hasband want what he paid for . 
  blunt but prove me wrong . 
  as sexual activity is limited only by prowess of man from the end , beggining depends on age of girl when she gets married . 
  what would change if there was n't dowry ? 
  rule of hasband over wife , relations would be more balanced . 
   support pis policies , including the latest attempts to sabotage the courts i do n't know what your sources are but they do n't have your good in mind . 
   your point above is that africans are not logical enough to decrease birth rates . 
  no , my point is that lowering birth rate is in their best interest but as you pointed out there are logical reason behind having more children . 
  regarding dowry , few issues . 
  do you know what rationale is behind such a approch ? 
  they are not known for their love of women 's rights and dowry only make it worse . 
  if you buy something you are going to use it which in this contects means early and long sexual activity plus reluctance to use contraception ergo more children . 
  dowry looks like major offender in this issue . 
  thanks for pointing that out . 
  did you skipped / s ? 
  i insist that we got bigger problems then 0,5 % population growth . 
  if it would be our only problem it would be negligible . 
   more children = more labour in your fields hm , i did n't thought about that . 
  in the west kids are more burden then help . 
   more daughters = money through dowry or rather less , are n't you suppose to equip your daughter with dowry ? 
   higher death rates but times changed and morality rate of children are much lower . 
   people die of malnutrition some have higher aspirations then hunger free existence and emigrates . 
  ... and we will adjust . 
  objecive truth does n't seem to change humans behavior , only hard , cold reality can do that . 
  but growing 0,5 % a year is no issue in grand scale of things . 
  good question and deep . 
  i 'm not sarcastic . 
  why are people doing things which are harmful to them ? 
  too low iq to link present actions with future outcome , valuing pleasure over cold reality , expecting to not be bothered with outcome ? 
  it is whole debate if people are rational or not but as we are expect to carry burden while not having fun in this whole issue i see reason why we give them strong recommendation . 
   sterilisation limiting family to 3 children would make burden significantly less pressing  killing people malthusian crap . 
  but , if we do n't do something , now we will have killing somewhere down the road . 
  problem is growth in underdeveloped regions and people running away from them . 
  if we force them to stay in these regions i see no problem with whatever high fertility rate they can achieve . 
  but they flee and place burden of accomodating them on us so they are no in possition to reject our recommendation . 
  you are too pesimistic . 
  what do you mean by the world ca n't even keep up with the current consumption ? 
  what are resources which are depleting and do n't have substitutes ? 
  pollution levels , where on west there are bigger problems then 10 years ago ? 
  developing countries have problems with pollution but the most sane ones seems ok . 
  so we have to pressure the most backward ones . 
  and limiting africa growth is one of solution . 
  as i wrote , it is not problem with total growth but with growth in underdeveloped africa . 
  in europe fertility rate is way bellow 2,1 , which is limit of selfregeneration . 
  there is not rationale to limiting quantity of children in european families quite contrary . 
  but it is , for their selfinterest , rationale to limit quantity of children in african women to let 's say 3 children . 
  and no , this is not racism nor colonial sentiment . 
  one population has problem with selfregeneration and second with unsustainable demographical growth . 
  according to this link : http://www.populationpyramid.net/ population will meet plateau around 2100 with population bigger around 50 % ( 11,2 / 7,5 ) . 
  i do n't see problem with accomodation to 1,5 growth within 80 years . 
  we are talking about 0,5 % grow per year to accomodate . 
  what is worrisome is growth per region . 
  i understand feeling of africans about europeans ideas regarding women reproduction rights but we have clear choice we will be reducing population grow of africa or we will be reducing population of africa by war . 
  it is not pretty but sometimes you have to chooose lesser evil . 
  german territories ? 
  east prussia ? 
  granted by konrad mazowiecki to to . 
  pomerania , slavic duchy , silesia , contested territory , probably more czech then polish , althought piast dynasty was polish , breslau ? 
  part of silesia , pozen ? 
  come on you can not be serious . 
  so what german territories ? 
  and here we got answer . 
  many poles want common market but no further integration . 
  politicians are rallying voters about funds but only because they get part of them as middleman . 
  if there was no corruption there would n't be no push from politicans , without that public would n't be that big for eu and common market is all we need . 
  `` innovations '' are poorly masked corruption aimed at local politicians . 
  as obnoxiousexpat wrote these eu projects feed a new caste of `` eu funds specialists '' who always look outside for support , indications , and help . 
  it 's not a coincidence that polish motorways are so expensive despite cheap labor , funny thing if we deduct from price eu contribution ( 30-50 % ) we will get resonable one . 
  eu cohession funds ( for highway for exemple ) are effectivly helping europeand development companies and `` polish '' proeu politicans . 
  so yes , take that fucking funds and stop mendling with our internal affairs . 
  lol . 
  you are overestimating impact of eu funding on poland . 
  they are nice and politicans love them but for economy common market is much , much more important . 
  stop cohesion funds and we will charge for using motorways , stop agrosubsidies and we will ban food from eu on the ground of uneven treatment . 
  you can shout all you want about kicking out poland but german companies are making too nice profit here to really want us out so shouting is all you can , lol . 
  lbgt , women rights , proabortion , proeuthanasia , antynationalism i would call that left agenda . 
  it is easier to attack them if you call them lefist agenda , that is all . 
  i 'm trying to imagine that , `` short , skinny , blonde haired northerner try to haul on his own shoulder fancy door frame from his 30 + years journey to decadent europe to brag about it to his fellow village people '' . 
  oh boy , times changed for your kind , did n't they ? 
  have a nice day proud son of skane , kalmar or whereever you come from . 
  ok , i not deny that you had good army but powerful army need good economy . 
  good economy and pulling frames from walls ? 
  something not add up . 
  on the other hand , russians ... 
  i have to reconsider ,
