i saw the exact same exchange before on here . 
  what ? 
  so everyone is circumcised in usa ? 
  why ? 
  today i learned ... 
  much better . 
  hello !, 
  we 're dacia . 
  we make cars ... every single time on the radio . 
  key for k missing as well . 
  not that good at the moment , but i 'd still get it . 
  if you wait a month or two until enough issues are patched and modded , everything will be golden . 
  still fun anyway . 
  how the hell do you eat thorromatur ? 
  do you . . 
  pick the head apart and lay it on the bread or what ? 
  do n't forget the khajiit . 
  ca n't even find a place in the cities . 
  i was passing through a small village in the south called riverwood . 
  the racism there is n't as serious . 
  you see , you want to be a norwegian living close enough to sweden to go shopping , except when you need alcohol you go to denmark and buy the german stuff . 
  do n't mention the jokes ... 
  epic sax guy dragonstea din tei ( numa numa ), 
  yeah , fuck people who have it worse off than us . 
  lets tell them to fuck off and die !, 
  the only `` human trash '' in this world is people like you . 
  oh dear ... that 's my comfortable temperature . 
  15 \u00b0 , 18 \u00b0 , something like that ... 30 \u00b0 and over , then fuck that . 
  what 's wrong with -25 ? 
  plague inc !, 
  like pandemic but a bit better in my opinion . 
  planet earth is technically a tv show . 
  top in imdb tv shows by rating . 
  as an eu citizen you have it pretty much dirt cheap or free in most western and northern european countries . 
  if you are a russian tourist from russia then you would be an annoying tourist , same with chinese bad tourist stereotype because only the rich can afford to go on holidays from those countries , it 's mostly a filthy rich thing rather than culture i guess . 
  i did n't like gravy until i made my own following [ this ] ( http://jamieoliver.com/recipes/chicken-recipes/consistently-good-gravy ) recipe . 
  holy shit that was good . 
  i now understand the ways . 
  fill the sink , yo . 
  oh , hah , i forgot the rest of the world has it differently . 
  do n't remind me how shit 2 taps are . 
  yeah , we do . 
  except in places like copenhagen and amsterdam it 's not a clusterfuck like in london where you can get into confrontations and accidents just by trying to get around . 
  i 've seen a few road rage videos from london directed at cyclists from drivers . 
  bbc news also highlighted this issue a few times showing footage from cyclists ' helmet cameras . 
  i 'm actually planning to move to a scandinavian country . 
  denmark has got my attention more than others for some reason . 
  maybe it 's because i 've heard it has a more relaxed attitude to life in general compared to other ones . 
  cheaper alcohol , more liberal attitude to weed , warmer , or at least milder climate . 
  using bikes to get around is an option in places like copenhagen is great too . 
  i also like the fact that the infrastructure is better than norway or maybe sweden . 
  fewer places in the middle of nowhere too . 
  compared to the uk i also like that you can have hope of affording a nice house with a lot of space which would n't cost you a fortune . 
  i live in a tiny shitty flat which is crap at insulation and has mold and i do n't want that . 
  oh yeah , lowest income inequality in the world . 
  seems good to me . 
  well , lucky for you those murders are linked with alcoholism , so unless you are an alcoholic you do n't have to worry about it . 
  impressive scandinavia in general . 
  what about when i was in a cafe getting tea and told them to keep the change ? 
  i mean those 10 p did n't really matter to me . 
  moldova , right ? 
  french flag . 
  this checks out , people . 
  jesse we need to cook, 
  i now imagine denmark as a nation of millions of jesse pinkmans . 
  why is france so high ? 
  haha , that 's a pun . 
  but really , why ? 
  usa is huge as fuck . 
  seriously . 
  legal or at least decriminalized though right ? 
  i do n't see much of a problem there if so . 
  now i want to see what would be left of it in the future . 
  thanks for this reply . 
  i 'm interested in denmark because it 's a potential destination for university and beyond . 
  to me , the image of denmark is like scandinavia mixed in with western europe factors such as population density , so better infrastructure for example ( looking at you norway ) . 
  very appealing . 
  in denmark , would i need to learn danish or can i learn swedish and get drunk before i talk ? 
  :p but seriously , i hear danish is more difficult compared to say , norwegian or swedish . 
  would they be an acceptable replacement ? 
  they are similar , right ? 
  i expect better from batman . 
  but then again , everywhere is cheap if you are coming from scandinavia . 
  excluding scandinavia . 
  grammenknodel sounds amazing . 
  i must try it one day . 
  this . 
  their `` ghettos '' look nicer than my whole town . 
  also so much space . 
  here you ca n't even have a sizeable garden , it 's almost like a luxury . 
  works for me . 
  damn , where can i get one of those ? 
  still looking better than the entirety of my town . 
  same with netherlands i guess . 
  amsterdam - bike city . 
  anything else , car . 
  this is countries . 
  in copenhagen , approximately a third uses bikes , so it is depending on the area . 
  but this does give an image . 
  it 's the scottish !,
