  no , there are n't . 
   like , there would be no fine or citation if i was lying in the middle of the sidewalk passed out , or drunkenly stumbling through the street , blocking traffic , and completely oblivious to what was going on ? 
  police has to pick you up and drive you to the er . 
  if you are n't the danger to yourself or others they will just live you be or offer you a ride home if it seems like you may actually hurt yourself or something but are n't in a stupor . 
  arguing that it 's bullshit ? 
  resisting arrest . 
  accidentally hitting policeman while being tackled for resisting arrest ? 
  assaulting the police officer . 
  i visited us for 2 months few years back and first thing that struck me was that people are genuinely afraid of the police . 
  and not in the way that they are afraid to do illegal things . 
  they are afraid that if they wo n't bent over backwards for every police officer that looks at them then they will get fucked . 
  here , even in communist times people were n't nearly at this state of mind . 
  yes , i have . 
  why ? 
  to be honest that sounds like an easiest law to be abused by police ever written . 
  so if you leave your car at the bar and decide to walk home you can spend up to two years in prison ? 
  i knew us justice system was fubar , but this is still absurd . 
  it 's not like some american christians are far behind the extreme british muslims in that department . 
  if you are talking about / r/rpolandball it really is such a cesspit . 
  there are brilliant comics once in a while , so i 'm yet to get it out of my life , but every look into comment section makes me throw up a little . 
  for me it looks like exercise in `` poles bitch a lot '' . 
  `` our government is corrupt '' - and yet thousands of hours of recordings of government officials failed to show any corruption . 
  you may not like the government for many reasons but saying that they are corrupt in light of glaring lack of evidence is just plain dumb . 
  `` poles themselves do n't read books anymore '' - some do , some do n't . 
  it 's all the same all over the world . 
  it 's yet another dead horse being beaten into oblivion by media . 
  `` there 's very little innovative businesses , no major scientific development . '', 
  - there is actually quite a lot of those showing up here and there more and more often . 
  we wo n't overtake all of europe within a decade , especially lacking funds ( since wages ) , but it is n't all that bad . 
  `` i can talk to quite a lot of more moderate polish libertarians on reddit , but these childish pricks get on my nerves . '', 
  - amen to that !, 
  also you forgot that we ca n't into space . 
  in us * socialist * means something between pol pot and stalin , so they often assume it is some kind of derogatory term . 
  about some i do , about some i arguably do n't since there is only so many hours in a day to read all the news . 
  i am indeed more active about ukrainians , palestinians , kurds , assyrians and yazidi than i am about twenty other atrocities happening in different parts of the world , but i 'm sure there are people who have it the other way around . 
  if that makes me hypocrite in your wise eyes , i frankly do n't give a shit . 
  idea that you either do n't give a fuck about anyone or have to care about everyone on earth , sounds like some kind of edgy high school philosophy . 
  if you do n't feel like caring about rest of the world , then do n't - nothing particularly wrong about that , but trying to make yourself look morally superior because of that is just pathetic . 
  in polish it is either what / u/lastoc said , or late summer/early autumn period of good weather ( more often refered to as * golden polish autumn * . 
  nothing to do with extremely high temperature . 
   ** indian summer ** - babie lato ( grandma 's summer ; or chick 's summer ) that 's not what * babie lato * means . 
  it is the same as * z\u0142ota polska jesie\u0144 * . 
  we really do n't have an equivalent of `` indian summer '' i can think of . 
  yeah , let 's live in our ivory towers and do n't give a shit about others that we accidentally ( or not ) screwed over few years ( decades ) ago . 
  or simply anyone we could help but ca n't be bothered to . 
  source ? 
  yes , it is propaganda , since most of the readers ( like yourself ) wo n't bother to realise that name muhammad is simply given to the majority of male children of islamic variety , while non-muslim ones are given dozens of different names . 
  therefore it is a sign of nothing , but the fact that muhammad is a crazy popular name among muslims ( hardly newsworthy ) but is used to fear-monger among uneducated masses , while having little to do with actual number of babies born of muslim parents . 
  that seems like a silly assumption greatly exaggerating importance of christianity in today 's europe in order to make it all look like some kind of clash of civilisations and/or religions . 
  i like how you guys have everything so close to the river . 
  here in warsaw river banks are almost a no man 's land . 
  do n't you get fucked over by floods tho ? 
  now they just need to team up with france and we got ourselves some nice space tourism !, 
  50 millions ? 
  damn - this must be ( since i counted ) 0.046 % of their yearly spending !, 
  will eu ever recover ? 
   but who gives a damn about why russia banned ukrainian beer ? 
  apparently some people do . 
  this is how reddit works . 
  someone posts something and the rest gets to decide what gets upvoted and what does n't . 
  let me write it down ... `` stop bullshit '' ... `` create some progress '' ... ok , boss - getting right on it !, 
  a lot . 
  back in xvi-xviii century latin was one of the official languages of pol-lit commonwealth . 
  people were speaking on top of most of the documents being written in latin . 
  even our grammar is ~ 80 % latin . 
  so how about we buy the rest of those leopards 2 , huh ? 
   ** germany united with austria & it was england who declared war because they did not like it ** ( balancing power in its own interests ) , with france its ally and all its territories ( canada , new zealand ... ) . 
  then much of europe was flung into the war and forced to choose sides . 
  wait , what ? 
  you may want to have a basic grasp of rudimentary historical events of last 100 years before you start giving lectures . 
  at the time germany and russia were on the same side . 
  so in that department we are just under liberia . 
  i want to get offended , but that would n't be fair :p, 
  we are under us tho ... quite embarrassing . 
  wow , i just upvoted / u/magadget weird day . 
  then you are clearly a tusk 's pawn !, 
  there is a group of people in poland who think they are censored and prosecuted by tusk 's government . 
  they 've been writing about it for last 7 years in like 5 daily newspapers and at least 10 different weeklies . 
  all the time . 
  it 's literally north korea here . 
  looks like random overcooked meat . 
  as long as we wo n't get caught up with ideas of yesterday ( like global capitalism ) and figure out what to do in jobless world we , as a species , could be better than ever . 
  that will , however , require shitloads of thinking while keeping our guns holstered while some of those ideas fail miserably . 
  i 'd bet 3:1 on utopia vs. dystopia . 
  sneaky little ~ ~ hobbitses ~ ~ czechitses !, 
  i think you mixed up threads mate , 
   some are impressive , some are ~ ~ rather pathetic . ~ ~ hilarious ftfy, 
  silly americans , always stealing our names . 
  to be honest the russian campaign was as dumb as they come . 
  it gets worse . 
  polish secret nazi youth organisation called `` harcerstwo '' is also known for its gayness . 
  gay-nazis of tomorrow are being breed in front of our very eyes !, 
  lol this is just too good :d, 
  whole `` thinking '' thing never was neo-nazis ' strong suit . 
  and now i want to visit whole bloody europe . 
  except norway and uk that is . 
  thanks ... 
  i hope he lives long enough to entertain judges in hague . 
  quality of the.courses is indeed uneven ( i can name a few on one of top 3 universities that ahould be nuked from the orbit ) but do you really think that it is most ? 
  few years back me and a dozen of my colleges spent two weeks with ten oxford history students in rome on joint field trip of a sorts .
