  in both cases he has to go , sorry . 
  thing is that sienkiewicz is n't involved in any corruption as far as i know . 
  and sacking a minister because he was talking in unpleasent way or because part of press thinks that 's a good idea is not what any country leader should do . 
  what if your idea is to run the country best way you can based on facts , not follow some simplified ideology that fails to take into account reality ? 
  i 'll take pragmatic politician over ideological one every day of the week . 
  read what i wrote once again . 
  you are clearly missing the point . 
  i meant that the whole term was conceived due to misconception of right-part of electorate that since in their mind government is evil , people who support it have to be either criminals/agents/corrupted by said government , or what you just described by `` lemming '' . 
  i just explained where it came from , have n't i ? 
  that 's exactly what i was talking about . 
  as far as i can see he does exactly that . 
  care to share examples when he harms the country in order to `` look good on world stage '' ? 
  sounds like baseless propaganda to me . 
  he proves to be very solid pm in my opinion , even tho i do n't like his party 's conservative stance and some internal economical ideas . 
  he proved to not be ideologically driven but a pragmatic able to adjust to the changing situation . 
  i respect that . 
  he was 7 years in power now , so that has taken its toll on his approval especially among younger voters . 
  i would n't say that rest of our political class is all that bad , but there indeed are some atrocious individuals . 
  sort of . 
  right-wing media and politicians have been spewing nonsense and throwing wildest accusations for so long that large parts of their electorate actually believed it and now they are under impression that tusk and his po are pure evil and destroying the country ( sic ! ), 
  so it 's obvious to them that everyone who supports ruling party must be simply oblivious to all that harm that is being done . 
  there are few things worst on this world that morons convinced that they are the smartest ones . 
  that does n't make any sense . 
  he has to go since agencies he has no control of made very likely legal search of an editorial office and bunch of journalists proved to be morons ? 
  hehe , ops :d, 
  that 's one of the theories , yes . 
  a bit exaggerated . 
  a bit . 
  as far as tusk and po go they are quite solid . 
  they made a lot of progress in last 7 years , dealt with numerous issues , kept country afloat during this whole financial crisis and proved pragmatic rather than ideological . 
  i follow quite a bit of worlds politics and i must say that they look really solid in wider comparison . 
  on the other hand they could n't be bothered deal with things like outdated abortion law , rights for same-sex couples , remnants of catholic church influence , rest of drug penalization and so on . 
  hard to tell but most likely winners are still ruling po and main opposition law and justice ( pis ) i mentioned in other posts here . 
  i 'm personally hoping for social democrats to get their shit back together and get enough votes to rule in coalition with po . 
  to be fair that 's exactly what this utterance was about - what was he doing to make various agencies cooperate better . 
  he was black , family was gipsy and friends who did the beating were muslim . 
  and pole has stolen them a getaway car . 
  internally the biggest winner would probably be national-conservative law and justice party ( pis ) led by jaroslaw kaczynski . 
  if you happen to remember him from 7 years ago when he was pm then you know how that would be like . 
  his stupid foreign policy made his government pariah of europe and rightfully so . 
  while current government simply recognizes that our and russian goals are fundamentally different and therefore we must fight russian influence in the region in order to fulfil our plans kaczy\u0144ski simply hates russia , is scared of it and blames it for alleged assassination of his brother . 
  so answer for 2nd part of your question is russia . 
  having person like that in power would render us completely ineffective against russian actions in a region since no one in the right mind would listen to kaczy\u0144ski on that subject . 
  or any other for that matter . 
  i do , however , believe that simple * qui bene * analysis is the best friend of stupid people and should not be relied upon for anything else than checking at what it points . 
  tho in this case russian gains ( either shaking or toppling the government would be great ) are so obvious that when coupled with the scare and professional nature of those recordings it makes for a valid theory even in words of people who are usually very sceptical about accusations like that . 
  investigation is under way so it 's probably better to wait and see rather than make things up . 
  reform of our refugee system is in the making for a while now . 
  regulations are known to be too strict and many people who should get it are denied refugee status . 
  but also only under 3000 people asked for it in 2013 according to this study , while it was 45.000 for sweden . 
  guess you guys are just very popular , 
  usually things are n't all that bad , especially in mainstream ( right-wing ones are just fucked up ) , but polish media are notorious for being very self centred to the point of circle-jerk ( hate that word , but it really suits here ) and they just go insane when government as much as looks at their rights funny . 
  coverage of this crisis was atrocious so far and it remains to be seen when they get back to their senses . 
  thankfully some of more reasonable journalists are already calling this bullshit for what it is . 
  i listened to press conference of prosecutor general and once he was done explaining law behind prosecutor actions at wprost even right-wing nuts like gmyz were `` ehm ... yyy ... 
  but you could have been nicer ! '', 
  it 's a fucking disgrace how most of journalists are acting . 
  there is n't even a fucking transcript of the conversation available and all you can see in the headlines are malicious misquotations . 
  i was not going to vote for po as of last friday , but today i would . 
  guess tusk will have to sacrifice sienkiewicz , but that sucks too since he was , apparently , very decent minister and was about to start very needed secret service reform among other things . 
   can you remember how people wanted to crucify the government when the plane with president crashed at smole\u0144sk ? 
  it was n't outright and media were n't on it . 
  and well , it stayed that way among more mentally challenged parts of our society . 
  he 's been in power for 7 years now so he is very unpopular among all the youth that remembers only his rule , thinks that world is not complicated , craves big , sweeping changes , grand gestures and ideas , and does n't like his technocratic way of doing things . 
  also our rabid right-wing opposition with their numerous media is spewing shit at him of years now . 
  there is so much wild accusations of everything possible flying around that something has to stick , especially for those who ca n't be bothered to think on their own and believe every bullshit they hear/read despite fact that none of hundreds of accusation was never even close to be proved . 
  i 'm terrified by how our basic and middle education seems to not be able to teach critical thinking . 
  he is still very popular among 25-40 demographic and rest to lesser extent . 
  his party would probably lose early election ( got 39 % in eu elections , but with this shotstorm going on they 'd probably drop few points ) but remain close second . 
  it sure seems possible as of today . 
  almost all the media went batshit crazy over prosecutors accompanied by abw entering wprost editorial office and it really seems like they may as well topple the government . 
  sadly i have to agree with one of most prominent journalists mr. \u017bakowski , that this crisis is more about journalistic stupidity and less about content of the tapes . 
  two days ago i 'd say that resignation of government is very , very unlikely , now i 'm not all that sure . 
  guess it depends if there will be some actual news about real contents of those recordings ( since very few epople bothered to listen to them , as far as i can tell ) and less crying `` wolf ! '', 
  especially since while content of the recording was n't pretty it also was n't criminal by any stretch . 
  i 'm not a big fan of governing party myself and i would n't mind government change but not like that ( government toppled by band of moronic journalists and not yet determined makers of illegal recordings ) and not in the political situation that we have atm . 
  our left still in disarray with new leaders barely transpiring and only opposition party that could possible win it is national-conservative pis led by good ` ol jaros\u0142aw kaczy\u0144ski . 
  internal situation ( crime , freedom of speech etc. ), 
  is a big part of a score . 
  i 'm just listening to press conference with procurator general . 
  he explained the law behind actions of authorities and suddenly even most right-wing journalists are out of the `` attack on free speech ! '', 
  bandwagon and now claim that `` ok , whatever , but you could have been nicer ! '', 
  thanks romania for putting out little scandal into perspective !, 
  we can always count on you guys , 
   law was changed not yet . 
  change of law was proposed and is yet to be voted on . 
  fun fact : opposition liked said change till now . 
   decisions on a national level were made for the benefit of a certain group of people who want to rule a theoretically independent country that 's how democracy works . 
  everywhere . 
  question is if they were helping or harming country while helping themselves . 
  i 'd say helping in this situation . 
  remember that only cost of intervention they were preparing is possible inflation rise . 
  and we are on the verge of deflation atm . 
  secondary bond market intervention seems like a very good idea to me . 
  and many economic commentators , who are n't balcerowicz , as well . 
  i do n't . 
  you , however should stop reading those right-wing tools who pretend to be journalists and see for yourself what was said and done . 
  not our brightest moment . 
  [ here is an interactive map ] ( http://www.visionofhumanity.org/#page/indexes/global-peace-index/2014 ) with all the details . 
  use `` specify indicator '' button to compare all the bits that make the full score .
