  it 's no secret that the situation of ethnic minorities worsened and with young turks having already 3 genocides under their belt i would probably be worried and wanted to return to the days of old too . 
  sure it has terrible connotations now , for obvious reasons , but ottoman sultanate/caliphate had some serious edge over turkish republic for the kurds . 
  and speaking of that - what do you mean by `` dissing founders of the republic '' ? 
  ataturk and who ? 
  three pashas ? 
  problem is that independent observers claim that 18000-20000 kurdish civilians have been extrajudicialy executed and 2400-4000 villages has been destroyed by turkish armed forces . 
  are those guys getting extradited to the newly formed kurdistan as well ? 
  neither of those things can feasibly happen and leaders of both sides know it . 
  stating such absurd demands only makes sense if you want the war to continue and that in turn only makes sense if your strategy is to `` kill them all '' . 
  and i doubt that saying a word `` terrorist '' 5 times in every sentence regarding pkk makes achieving that goal any more possible . 
  it 's just more pointless slaughter . 
   '' liar turks '' , '' turks say '' , '' turks this '' , '' turks that '' i mean what the hell . . do you think we are a single entity ? 
  i must admit that a possibility that all the turkish account in this thread belong to a single person has indeed crossed my mind . 
  also such abbreviation is , sadly , very common in english when discussing national politics . 
  see : last 1000 brexit-related articles on this sub . 
  it can also mean `` turks that hold such views '' , which is also understandable considering that at least on the internet every turk and their mother seems to be a hardcore nationalist of some kind . 
  they may not agree who to deify ( ataturk or erdogan ) , but would n't say no to a artillery-based pacification of a kurdish town . 
   but if you attempt to recruit or raise money for pkk you 'll get arrested . 
  interesting . 
  could you give me some example of such arrests ? 
  i tried googling it for various eu countries that do n't list pkk as terrorist and came up empty . 
  i 'm confused how exactly criminal records in one independent country are supposed to be of any significance in another independent country . 
  i mean , that 's what happens in a war - people do bad , and clearly illegal things to their enemies . 
  you would n't need peace treaties if there was n't a deadly conflict in the first place and to have peace both sides have to decide to stop and give up such grievances . 
  what you seem to be describing is `` there will be peace as soon as we kill all those that fight us '' . 
  i ca n't think of a single time such approach worked . 
   un and europol does not have any dedicated terrorist lists . 
  it is no secret that pkk millitants ca n't walk in europe freely which is all that matter . 
  this was confirmed by actual pkk guys in r/syriancivilwar . 
  how does that work ? 
  what `` ca n't walk in europe freely '' even means ? 
  are they on the lists and are being arrested/stopped at the border/deported ? 
  ca n't organize pkk-related events ? 
  seems like a very broad , but meaningless statement . 
  so you are ok with independent kurdistan as long as turkey has a say in who can be voted into power there ? 
  how is that supposed to work , exactly ? 
   let me guess - poland ? 
  was thinking about netherlands , italy , sweden , but sure . 
  could you answer the question about your stence on the independent kurdistan issue ? 
  or at least what is your idea of how the turkish conflict against pkk and other kurdish organizations can end ? 
  so `` hdp proposing sharia law '' took a form of a 2013 tv interview with a politician from a different , associated with hdp party . 
  a material of such significance that in 4 years it gathered not 100 , not 300 but 600 views !, 
  i guess case closed , hdp is literally isis . 
  care to provide some actual backing to your claim or are you all just taking a piss here writing whatever fantasy comes to minds and upvote eachother ? 
  oh , i 'd say there are at least a few more countries in europe that `` matter '' . 
  and bottol line is that pkk not being considered a terrorist organization by un or europol can and do operate in many european countries and are n't being harassed by the states . 
  hell even in poland i 've seen lots of pkk flags on kurdish marches and no one as much as batted an eye . 
  btw - what is you 're view on the issue of independent kurdistan ? 
  netherlands ? 
  italy ? 
  nordic countries ? 
  hell , even in poland i 've seen plenty of pkk flags on kurdish marches . 
  it is not considered a terrorist organization by an un or europol either unlike many , many other . 
  btw - what is your view on the issue of independent kurdistan ? 
  oh , but turkey is guilty of extrajudicial killings of kurdish civilians that in turn give fuel to pkk attacks . 
  it 's the same shit for over 30 years now and turkey 's answer is still bombing its own territory and forcibly `` pacifying '' its own towns with artillery barrages . 
  i guess you could call this newfound passion in telling anyone and everyone that would listen that pkk are evil terrorists a new approach , but i highly doubt that it will by any more successful in ending the conflict . 
  that 's fairly insubstantial since neither has any bearing on the politics of its member countries in that regard . 
  frankly both designations are mostly a testament to the effectiveness of turkish militarized diplomatic nagging . 
  only countries i listed above have any legal restriction placed on pkk activity . 
  and , as the article says , the eu listing has been rules invalid by eu courts . 
  according to some 15 countries . 
  according to wikipedia only eu countries that consider pkk to be a terrorist organization are : france , germany , uk , czechia , netherlands and spain . 
  outside of europe you 'd have to add a few more : us , japan , new zealand , australia , canada , iran , kyrgyzstan and syria . 
  not exactly a `` it is known '' situation . 
   hdp is the first party to request sharia law in turkish politics history . 
  they acted progressive to get turkish votes from western part of the country . . in truth they are backward as fuck . 
  that sounds like a pile of bullcrap . 
  how exactly [ hdp ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/peoples%27_democratic_party_ ( turkey \\ ) ) `` requested sharia law '' ? 
  i know quite a few people who had a lot of contact with people within hdp and they always described them as a proper european left-wing party . 
  care to provide some details for your claim ? 
  so basically all the turkish nationalists of various denominations hate pkk ? 
  shocker . 
  as if they were n't at least as guilty in this whole conflict as the pkk itself . 
  and yet only a handful of countries consider it to be one . 
  the way i see it turkey is at least as guilty in this conflict . 
  only a handful of countries considers it as such . 
  and such designation by the eu has been ruled baseless by the courts . 
  according to economist and a like you 're on the edge of economic collapse for at least 20 years now . 
  this news narrative , at least in polish media , literally stretches as far back as i can remember . 
  aaaaaaany day now !, 
  high fertility and more specifically high population growth in developing countries are a * temporary * effect of rapidly rising standards of living , especially in regards to infant and children mortality . 
  here are two videos that very extensively explain the whole thing while debunking the myths of incoming overpopulation of earth and cultural high fertility . 
  short version : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qsbt5eqt348 long , but absolutely amazing version : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ubmg8gtbpm, 
  it 's not really an official motto of poland , but a motto of polish armed forces . 
  and up until 1993 god , rightfully , was n't in it leaving `` honor and fatherland '' . 
  these days it basically means `` and others ' '' . 
  an archaic way of saying that . 
  more info : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/for_our_freedom_and_yours, 
  i fully expect to find the uk in the middle of the atlantic ocean by the end of the week . 
  that escalated quickly . 
   if intentionally , he would do it anyway , without any regulations . 
  * much * less likely if obtaining firearms is difficult enough . 
   do not happen in poland ? 
  where the hell do you live ? 
  violent crime barely exists in poland these days and that bit that still happens is almost exclusively limited to domestic disputes and drunk brawls at clubs or w/e . 
   i would like to see what would you say , if somebody would threaten your family . 
  oh , i 'm pretty sure i can handle such people . 
  as long as they do n't have a fucking gun that you geniuses want to popularize . 
   i would really like to see your submissive stance .
