  thats exactly the point of 2 point inflation mark . 
  people put up with it while debt slowly fades away . 
  or sleep in a bucket and poop on the floor !, 
   ... but it 's one of those things , the results seem to be pretty good in regards to the statistics , so better not mess with it . 
  sooo ... it makes perfect sense ? 
  vast majority of us prisons are still state owned . 
  seeing that title i thought about coming to the comments and writing basically the same thing sarcastically , but decided against it feeling it would be too much of a strawman . 
  and yet here you are ... 
  one would expect a french person to know where paris is , huh ? 
  still does n't make revanchist , benefiting germans policies in the late 30s any less retarded . 
  not one bit . 
  here : whine , ( whine ) a never-ending whine !, 
  it is quite a banal truth that polish regime in post '35 was fucking atrocious . 
  the exact scientific term is `` revanchist right-wing dumbfuckery '' . 
  i 'm not well versed in discussing economy in english , so i might have emulated the way my interlocutor was using it and there may be some awkwardness . 
  i basically meant the boom recession , hopefully it is understandable enough . 
  i 've heard that paying people for their work does wonders for their performance . 
  revolutionary idea , but who knows ? 
  maybe there is some merit to it ? 
  it 's more to it than just childbearing incentive . 
  that 's actually considered secondary by now . 
  see my [ other post on the topic ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4vllck/germany_makes_over_a_billion_euros_from_its_debt/d5zikda ) . 
  if only, 
  what imf report are you referring to ? 
  i 've skimmed over all of the reports written in the last year , but failed to find anything more relevant than [ this report ] ( http://www.imf.org/external/pubs/ft/scr/2016/cr16211.pdf ) ( pdf warning ) . 
  let 's start from the beginning tho :  first , poland is in a pro-cyclical phase of its business cycle right now . 
  what does macro 101 tell us about that ? 
  that 's the time you reduce your fiscal deficit . 
  what does poland do ? 
  it increases its fiscal deficit which it tries to off-set via one-off measures ( another big no-no ) . 
  secondly , the government says this is to increase child bearing . 
  the only problem with that is that all academic literature says its a terribly inefficient way of doing it . 
  a much better way would be to build out a strong childcare system for working mothers , that 's why most nordic coutries have done , which is why we 're typically doing better on this measure than countries which have not . 
  if poland ca n't afford that then it should n't bribe families , which does not work . 
  poland is n't the first country to have tried . 
  if we 're limiting ourselves to macroeconomy 101 then it indeed is a disastrous policy , but a country 's economy is a bit more complicated than a single excel spreadsheet . 
  while macro-economically poland may look both pretty healthy and at the apex of a boom phase there are some serious issues that need to be addressed before the cycle changes or results both political and economical will be devastating . 
  and this program is mostly unwittingly addressing some of them . 
  i do agree that direct benefits are n't an ideal tool to increase childbearing , but in poland 's case the horrendous state of the job market , overly lax and usually outright ignored labor law are considered to be the major detrimental factors , so it may actually have above-average effect . 
  i do agree that a proper childcare system similar to the solutions used in nordic countries would be a better way of addressing such issue i 'm afraid that current government is both too incompetent and uninterested to do just that . 
  and frankly , i 'd rather have them not try , since fixing it would probably be worse than creating is from scratch once they 're gone . 
  and while an attempt to bribe voters was most likely the driving force behind this idea it happens to be extremely useful for tackling issues other than the one it was supposed to fight . 
  as i mentioned the labor market is atrocious to the point of dragging the whole economy down . 
  even conservative imf considers it a main stopping power behind low productivity increase and overall economic growth . 
  see the report i linked above . 
  in the last 15 years wages have been rising at 40 % speed of the productivity increase . 
  we also have one of the lowest gdp wage shares in europe and it is still falling . 
  those are outright horrendous numbers . 
  in most of europe including almost of cee wages rise faster than productivity . 
  we have 80 % of german productivity and 25 % of german wages . 
  what polish economy needs right now is a steep increase in wages . 
  to fight stagnating productivity growth ( companies got hooked on labor intensive management and production schemes ) , too fight brain drain , to fight demographic crisis and to fight political turmoil . 
  500 + increases bargaining power of the lower paid workers increasing pay pressure , it drastically limited poverty and it placated ones most harmed by the economic developments of last 20 years . 
  if government dared to couple it with serious yearly minimal wage increase it should work very well towards fixing some of those issues while limiting the negative effects of pay rises on businesses by increasing domestic purchasing power . 
  i think that potential benefits of the scheme are worth rising entering recession phase with bloated deficit . 
  problem of course is that the current government is both incompetent and divided between deep 90s neoliberal dogma and scarce socialist-ish ideas for populist reasons . 
  that results in not securing the revenue for the program and even lowering the corporate taxes further festering the issue of acutely regressive taxation . 
  i 'd love to have a coherent and competent leftist government at helm while attempting to escape from this middle income trap of ours , but i do n't think we can afford waiting for the next cycle and/or other election results , so i 'm moderately content about the 500 + all in all 500 + and minimal wage rise are i thing the only issues i agree with the government on . 
  and while , as i mentioned , it indeed has problems i definitely would n't call that specific policy `` disastrous '' . 
  mostly stuff . 
   the disastrious 500 + programme what 's disastrous about it ? 
  while government fails to show the source of funding , the overall results of the program seem quite positive for now . 
  it is difficult to tell how it will pan out either way , but with the consistent deflation it may actually be very beneficial to just start printing some serious money to try and bump it back towards 2 % on top of the obvious gains . 
   is nevertheless seeing its bond yields go down . 
  due to deflation real yields are actually bigger than nominal ones . 
  source : i use government bond yields as a baseline investment return in some of my work . 
   first of all i doubt people on benefits starving . 
  maybe that 's because of the benefits ? 
  you know , the ones they would n't get if they refused to work for free for those companies . 
   also people that are on benefits are not really the kind of people that writes award winning books . 
  really ? 
  what kind of people are those then ? 
  some sub - type perhaps ? 
  that one was actually based on facts , but please do n't be discouraged and share your view of `` that kind of people '' . 
  of course it was a hyperbole . 
  i would n't want to live in the 80s , yet alone few hundred years ago . 
  you seem to be very confused about what socialism stands for . 
  socialism : government intervening to better the situation of workers to account for their weaker position on the market compared to businesses . 
  free market : government does n't intervene . 
  businesses are stronger than workers so the latter suffer . 
  `` late capitalism '' : government intervening to better the situation of businesses . 
  everyone but the crony `` elite '' gets fucked . 
  those two things may look similar , but are almost completely different things . 
  the way they did it funneled taxpayer money as subsidies into private companies , lowered the pay pressure for basic jobs and trapped people in work that did n't provide enough income to survive , while not getting anything useful done for the public . 
  all that wile calling the expenditure `` unemployment benefits '' . 
  they way you mention has an opposite effect on the job market - if government pays a close to minimal or minimal wage for those works it increases the pay pressure by giving people and option to fall back on those jobs and forcing businesses to pay above that minimum or provide better work in order to keep their employees . 
  and if gtovernment is smart about it they could hire an actual mason , gardener , carpenter , mechanic or w/e for every 10 or so people that would both coordinate the works and actually teach those people an useful skill . 
  but no , that does n't poll well in an ever-growing self-righteous dickhead demographic . 
  while that 's true it is n't slavery from other angle either - slaves were provided food and shelter . 
  good luck getting that for # 300/month in uk . 
  more like serfdom , really . 
  but again - serfs of old were better off economically . 
  yes they should . 
  while it may be annoying for people who have nothing better to do than bitching about others in order to feel superior , it is a far better solution for the economy . 
  unemployment benefits allow people to : - retain some bargaining power by preventing them from being forced to chose between absurdly low pay or losing their home and starving - look for a job , while not starving - improve their qualifications while not starving - write a series of books that will in turn bring billions in tax revenue and so on and so forth . 
   well ... they 're not exactly working for free , they 're effectively working for # 2.43 per hour . 
  that is still appalling , and much lower than minimum wage , but it 's not free . 
  paid by the government . 
  labor was free for the companies that used it . 
  why hire people at all then ?
