  when you think about us foreign policy and mentality is n't much different than russian . 
  main difference is the ocean between us . 
  also it would be stupid to start a war when military edge eu has over russia is big enough to force them to back the fuck out by simply showing that we are willing to use it . 
  being quick on a trigger is rarely a good idea . 
  well , that 's just stupid . 
  thanks - i recognize this world once again !, 
  in 9 out of 10 situations i really enjoy the fact that our leaders are restrained , reasonable and focused on resolving conflicts peacefully rather than via bombing and invading the shit out of everyone . 
  this is n't one of those times . 
  putin ( and most of the russians , that he dragged back into xix century with him ) clearly understands and respects only power . 
  therefore he should be simply forced into acting civilised . 
  eu is several times more powerful that russia in all regards , and after years of soft-power attempts we should finally come to terms with fact that this simply is n't the way , and use that advantage to secure at least our surroundings . 
  there have to be some limits to our passiveness . 
  we ca n't become this ivory tower of prosperity looking bored around us and watching everything else go to shit . 
  my point exactly . 
  while ability to speak english is sure handy for pm of italy i would n't call it a must . 
  much more concerning is a fact that he apparently considered his english skills up for the challenge . 
  republicans doing something useful . 
  that sure makes me uneasy . 
  * moderately * unfair . 
   should citizens of usa , uk and france be also shocked and ashamed because their countries are supporting rebels in syria who from time to time massacre people for not being sunni ? 
  yes , they should . 
  and for not stopping israel in gaza too . 
  they should demonstrate , demand their government , s actions , force those governments to backpedal their policies ( like it happened with iraq and syria all over europe ) . 
  and they * are * and they * do * . 
   i dont think the plan of action for east ukraine was to shoot down an airliner with 300 civilians ... 
  they supported rebels for months , gave them heavy weapons and were expecting that no one gets hurt ? 
  how about they give those rebels few nukes and hope for the best too ? 
  sounds good for you ? 
  i 'm sure putin would n't be the one pressing the button so it would be rude to blame him for the results of whatever would happen , right ? 
  i do try to be polite and calm but sometimes level of stupidity in what people write on this subject is simply breathtaking and i just want to punch someone in their clueless face . 
  it may or may not be about this comment of yours . 
   russians are no more responsible for what 's going on in ukraine than the americans are for iraq or the israelis are for palestine . 
  and who said something else ? 
  looking through this thread ( and 50 others on rus/ua topic ) and fail to see someone argue otherwise and yet guys like you keep poping up explaining that to everyone once again . 
  do you keep telling random people you meet on the street that grass is green , too ? 
  if that would be indeed the case ( sounds unlikely ) i hope our government will chip in as well , not only by providing territory . 
  i 'd say that those supporting russian government 's actions in ukraine * should * be ashamed and * are * responsible . 
  it 's not about hate or even this conflict . 
  it 's about credible sources , cohesive narrative and critical thinking . 
  some explanations have sense and proof behind them and some are clearly made up and batshit-crazy . 
  putting equality sign between them is simply wrong . 
  uk is never called uk tho . 
  always great britain . 
  even she was like `` ours say this , other say that - there is no way of telling which is true '' . 
  as long as propaganda makes someone think that it 's done its job . 
  only the old guy seemed to have his thinking straight . 
  only country that could be possibly willing and actually has forces in the area ( and in ukraine ) is poland . 
  we are , however , busy pretending for benefit of our western friends that we are n't certain about russian guilt in order to not be pushed away from negotiations as too anti-russian and not de-escalating enough . 
  i 'd also imagine that rebels and russia would be less than willing to give us the access and doing it by force is out of question . 
  what defeats the purpose . 
  only real solution is deployment of a eu battlegroup but eu as a whole is way too inert to do that in timely manner ( too many governments would have to agree etc. ) . 
  nothing like that will ever happen before whole eu army thing gets redrawn from the scratch . 
  greece has been pro-russian for almost 200 years now . 
  it has more to do with being anti-turkey than with anything that is going on in eastern europe . 
  wow , when greece starts to ban putin 's pawns you know that shit 's getting real . 
  site reporting on an interview that showed up on other site . 
  what 's exactly so weird about it ? 
  looking back at last few months i really feel that germany needs to pull their shit together and start acting like its own entity and important part of eu on international stage , rather than a ping-pong ball being bounced back and forth between moscow and washington . 
  with that attitude of a key member ( and few others ) eu will never become a force that can shape situation around the globe leaving it all as a playground for us , russia , china and others . 
  if you only were a part of bigger international organization that happens to be few times more powerful than russia in all aspect ... 
  thing is that in situations like that you never get 100 % certainty so you always have to take a leap of faith in your political decisions and assume that whatever is most likely and has more clues pointing at it , is the right answer . 
  if someone wants to assume that russia had nothing to do with it then there will never be enough evidence to disprove that theory . 
  there will always be unanswered questions you can use to make up and excuse . 
  it 's not that easy . 
  most countries have strict laws about what to do with their flag , when and how . 
  it usually requires officially declared national day of mourning for flags at official building to be brought down to half-mast . 
  what can i say ? 
  he is n't the sharpest tool in a shed . 
  and we would have gotten away with it too , if it were n't for those meddling kremlinbots !, 
  well , i , or the media , ca n't be responsible for reddit headline , can we ? 
  original headline is quite neutral `` lithuanians do n't want polish street signs '' and hardly incorrect . 
  in 1st paragraph it cites some polish mp in lithuanian sejm going all `` situation of minorities is getting worse and lithianians instead of improving it , want to make it decline even more . 
  '' , but then article simply state all the facts we discussed above and from what you eventually said it seems like it is doing it very precisely and without exaggeration . 
  it even says that next vote will be on autumn and that awpl is planning to implement changes in commissions and hopes that those will eventually pass . 
  so , no , i do n't see lies in that report . 
  it actually seems very accurate based on what you told me . 
  then i guess we will all need to endure it for quite a while , till lithuanian politicians , media and public will get less defensive and finally realise that they are actually doing all they can to make tomaszewski perpetual problem . 
  this news bit says that that was the original bill but changes proposed by conservative opposition were implemented before voting on the bill itself and those bits were axed . 
  that 's what whole news is about . 
  you sure you checked final version of the bill ? 
   sejm in second reading - with 82 votes for in 141-person parliament - approved on thursday the project , but implemented changes the poles disagrred with , proposed by conservative opposition party . 
  the changes removed from the bill part that would allow use of bilingual street and town signs . 
   sejm in second reading - with 82 votes for in 141-person parliament - approved on thursday the project , but implemented changes the poles disagrred with , proposed by conservative opposition party . 
  the changes removed from the bill part that would allow use of bilingual street and town signs . 
  so apparently there was a project that would legalise use of bilingual street signs but those bits were axed before it was introduced into the law . 
  is that incorrect ? 
  well it is simply same thing over and over : * lithuania passes a law like that * polish politicians have to comment on it . 
  * lithuianian politicians get up in arms and tell stories about polish revanchism . 
  * voters get more anti-polish . 
  * politicians to score some points pass yet another law . 
  * polish politicians criticise it . 
  * ... see above, 
  really ? 
  i find it hard to believe that this whole news with all its details ( 81 out of 141 voted for yesterday ) is made up . 
  there will always be extremists who are never satisfied , but once reasonable demands are met they lose popular support . 
  denying reasonable requests just makes them radicalise . 
  and you 've been working round the clock to make that happen for past two decades so it 's hardly a surprise . 
  also how were bilingual signs agreed upon when several other people here claim that those were never legal to begin with ? 
  and the legislation this news is about was about said bilingual signs , not removing lithuanian ones ( that would be very dumb demand , obviously ) . 
  it is a viscous cycle .
