  that 's just pointless nitpicking and media pandering . 
  testament to how much we 've all achieved in last few decades ? 
   2 ) you still belive that simply by graduating you are owed money . 
  you are not . 
  if you are not getting good job offers , than maybe you have chosen carrer that is already oversaturated with workers , and therefore have a lot of competition . 
  that 's an outright moronic statement . 
  interns do work . 
  and if you have work to be done in your firm either pay someone to do it or do it yourself . 
  simple as that . 
  exactly . 
  i doubt i 'll use bitcoin anytime soon , but i do appreciate that such an experiment exists . 
  whole `` hurr durr bitcoin bad '' crowd sounds like bunch of 14yo discussing if metallica turned to shit by releasing kill 'em all , or before that . 
  oh , right . 
  there was a pre-privatization consolidation started last winter , my data was clearly out of date . 
  i meant 2nd foreign language with english being the 1st . 
  yeah , it 's one of the options you can pick as a 2nd language along with german , french and spanish . 
  the company is ~ ~ more or less ~ ~ state controlled , so i doubt it . 
  edit : actually it 's fully state controlled with government having 68 % of the shares and one of government agendas owning another 25 % . 
  guess it was n't as good of a joke as i thought ( a i thought it was a solid c + ) . 
  i knew it !, 
  english care about ~ ~ owning ~ ~ being friends with the irish as much as they do n't give a shit about scots . 
  holy shit . 
  200.000 party members ? 
  polish biggest party has 40.000 members ... 
  * `` polish deathcamps '' * - are n't `` newly written politically correct history '' , they are emanation of uneducated minds of few individuals and whole phrase is universally condemned every time it pops up - exaggeration and a strawman . 
  * using word nazi instead of german . 
  * - both are in use , often togather ( nazi germany ) and are n't very different from polish `` hitlerowcy '' and similar ones . 
  - exaggeration 3 . 
  `` murderers are very often whitewashed '' - there are some murderers who escaped justice and lived their days in peace in americas or west germany , but that 's hardly a new developement , since they 're all dead . 
  only thing that fits here is a bit of a myth that wehrmacht has n't participated in warcrimes . 
  they sure did it in much , much lesser extent , but drawing such a distinctive line is baseless , especially since almost all line wehrmacht troops were at least guilti looking the other way . 
  bits like fbi chief ? 
  see point 1 . 
  pi\u0142sudski 's idea ( that we know of from a single , much later letter speaking of it , so there is much doubt it ever existed ) may look like a stroke of genius in a hindsight , but it was simply impossible in europe still licking wounds after most catastrophic war and in a middle of the worst economical crisis in human history . 
  it was about as likely as today 's preventive invasion on russia . 
  highlighting it without mentioning those facts is disingenuous and only serves to emotionally manipulate a viewer . 
  - manipulative simplification 5 . 
  speach about germans forgetting who they made an offer to - an offer was made when ribbentrop-molotov pact was already signed and german divisions were in full battle readiness . 
  it was n't a real offer but a part of diplomatic effort for confuse the issue and justify the war . 
  no one expected poland to accept it . 
  '' * honor above all * '' - who 's honor ? 
  civilians murdered an masse ? 
  or borderline incompetent , nationalistic government 's that managed to be `` 1 year away from getting this new military hardware '' for almost a decade till ' 39 ? 
  that instead of trying to ally czechoslovakia and take advantage of its massive industry was more interested in petty revenge and invading zaolzie on heels of hitler ? 
  one that both relied on alliance with france and england and yet insisted on desperate and suicidal attempt to fight a defensive war from the very border despite lack suitable terrain . 
  * `` we did the great job against wehrmacht * '' - no we had not . 
  while countless singular units and even 2 of our armies managed to punch well above their weight and should be praised for that , on the general staff level it was a farce . 
  high command 's refusal to accept the field situation and conflicting orders sent by it resulted in loss of over half of a fighting force and failed , due to plain stupid delay , attempt to establish a defense on vistula-san line . 
  while bits about hitler banking on inaction of allies ( almost 95 % of german forces were in the east ) and blitzkrieg being a gamechanger are true ( see : much better equiped , tho with much lower morale , france ) , the statement that wehrmacht was 4 times more powerfull than polish army is an exaggeration . 
  it was n't even twice as strong at the time using for example the same class of tankettes that were fully in piercing range of our at rifles , and while difference in doctrine and air superiority ( here germans had decisive edge , due to polish new fighter planes being `` 1 year away '' for 5th year in a raw at the time ) made most of the difference , with less of an awful command we could have defended for much , much longer . 
  2:1 advantage is n't usually considered an easy task for an attacker . 
  all those retreated too late , encircled and lost armies in the 1st 2 weeks of an invasion was what prompted a soviet invasion . 
  at first stalin promised to invade on the 9th , but wary of the previous conflict , and knowing that red army was in no state to wage an actual war waited till victory was assured . 
  ultimately all that last month 's military incompetence probably did n't matter since allies were n't moving anyway , but the overall record of sanacja government is atrocious here . 
  what 's the point of having a borderline military junta when they ca n't even do a half-medicore job at defense-related issues ? 
  it must have made whole circle then , since with apparently only downvotes i found it on top of the page . 
  what level of support they enjoy ? 
  everyone has their  1 % fascists . 
  oh man , this is gon na be an awkward and bumpy ride ... 
  thankfully our school curriculum does n't even come close to this pile off bullshit . 
  words ca n't describe how annoying i find this guy and his content . 
  ) , simplifications , exaggerations and borderline lies and fabrications , all presented in a manner suitable for particularly slow 12yo . 
  with ever-infuriating `` without censorship '' trope and squeaky voice on top of that . 
  worst parts of old and new `` journalism '' joined in a perfect turd . 
  history really has enough incredibly interesting bits that you can succeed online by simply making a competent and entertaining show . 
  and yet his videos are often featured on the main page of biggest polish news site ... 
  as a historian specializing in antiquity i 'll take more excavations over waiting for metro construction any day , 
  well , this is rome we 're speaking of . 
  apart from some stops that are located in the outskirts this is what we can build so it 's not like there are ginormous metro stops ( those on line c are big enough , though ) . 
  i just could n't get used to having less that 1m of headroom above me coming from warsaw where oldest metro stations [ look like that ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/8e/warsaw_07-13_img12_pole_mokotowskie_metro.jpg ) . 
   3 ) what 's wrong with a line or parts of it being overground ? 
  there 's absolutely nothing on the way to the sea . 
  guess it 's less of an issue for people who actually use the metro , rather than those who live next to overground parts with a train passing in front of their windows every 3 minutes or so . 
  seems horrible for the latter bunch . 
   4 ) yes , 21 stops ( on 30 ) are already operational and have been since last year . 
  line c is alive and well !, 
  cool , i have n't been there for years . 
  overall i really enjoyed rome . 
  lived for 4 months right next to piazza vittorio emanuele at via cairoli . 
  maybe not the most glamorous part of town , but just a nice , short wolk away from really great places . 
  amazing fruit market right around the corner as well - italian peaches may be the best thing i 've eaten to date . 
  let 's not kid ourselves - metro is bloody awful . 
  dirty , claustrophobic and above ground level at times . 
  what 's up with that ? 
  has 3rd line been finished yet ? 
  barbarian !, 
  words like `` szczebrzeszyn '' are perfectly good words . 
  any cultured person will tell you that . 
  oh , how low have you fallen our lithuanian friends ... 
  why the change then ? 
  rome ? 
  really ? 
  i fucking love it !, 
  travesty . 
  you all should have proper representations of those sounds like we do !, 
  there seems to be more and more issues with maltanese translations as of late . 
  more or less the same , but france/french people rarely go `` we went to war for you , you ungrateful fucks !, 
  how dare you complain !? 
  '' , unlike every other brit . 
  france also had less to say in the ending stages of the war , polish fighter squadrons were n't the best performing units during battle of france ( unlike during battle of britain ) and france has n't banned polish units from taking part in london victory parade and so on and so forth .
