  as far as economical site goes , i ca n't think of anything authoritarian , but i 'm not sure what you mean by `` socialist '' there . 
  do we want seize means of production ? 
  do we want to tax rich more than the poor ? 
  yes . 
  do we want public healthcare ? 
  yes . 
  do we want public railroads ? 
  yes . 
  do we want for the state to still control strategic industries such as powerplants and military production ? 
  yes . 
  do we want public schools and universities ? 
  yes . 
  do we want publicly funded research ? 
  yes . 
  do we want to give money to the startups ? 
  no , we 'd rather have state agency invest in the innovative companies for the future % of the profits . 
  do we want government to give money to people who want to start their own company ? 
  no , we 'd rather give it to groups of people who want to start their own cooperative company . 
  do we want labor and union laws to be enforced ? 
  yes . 
  do we want to fight tax avoidance ? 
  yes . 
  do we want to jail executives of the companies that commit fraud against the state , consumers or employees ? 
  yes . 
  do we want high food and safety standards ? 
  yes . 
  do we want to keep giving hundreds of millions to real estate developers ? 
  no , we 'd rather build state and municipally owned rent flats . 
  do we want to build things in public-private partnerships ? 
  and so on and so forth . 
  but if you scroll to the bottom of this page you 'll learn that we 're literally pol pot , so who knows ? 
   we 're not living in the xix century anymore where mothers had to stay in factories all day long . 
  while i agree about xix century part you may want to have the rest of the sentence checked . 
  that 's actually the reality for tens of millions of people in developed world ( not to mention developing one ) and it 's getting worse every year . 
  it may not be a cloth factory , but 6 hours in call center followed by 8 as a cashier or thereabouts but same difference , really . 
  not in the way he said it , but we do have a collegial executive board and adrian is one of the members , so he indeed is one of the `` leaders '' if one has to use the word . 
  one of the 9 members of the exectutive board , yes . 
  that 's indeed him attending swedish socialist youth summer camp several years back . 
  and yes , he is wearing a t-shirt with karl marx , an extremely important xix century philosopher , forefather of socialism and a very important figure for every single left wing movement in europe eastern and western . 
  what 's so problematic about it , again ? 
  i might have underplayed our economical policies that include heavy progressive taxation , but in western europe we would be probably closer to center-left , than left . 
  thing is that here we need first fight for such basic things as state enforcing labor law or healthcare system that does n't violate our own constitution , before we can even think about basic income or whatnot . 
  fun fact : for sizable part of liberals and right-wingers we 're apparently somewhere between lenin and castro . 
  i probably should leave those for maciek , but i guess it wo n't hurt if i answer a few . 
   regarding foreign affairs , one might argue that the us foreign policy is something europe takes part in return for the us having been the centerpiece of european security basically since the end of ww2 . 
  seeing as you oppose the us foreign policy , oppose the us playing a key role in european security , and a free trade deal with the us , what is your long term vision of the future relationship between the eu and the us ? 
  i think it 's safe to say that disasters in iraq and afghanistan cooled most of european heads already when it comes to supporting us military escapades , but left us in a bit of a limbo when it comes to out policies towards middle east or military/foreign policy in general . 
  perpetual eu crisis is n't helping it either and i think we ca n't really solve the former without at least partially dealing with the latter . 
  i wo n't attempt to write down a road map out of this gordian knot of a mess , but the 15-20 year goal i 'd envision is an eu army slowly replacing most of the national forces and taking over us duty in europe , deep defense industry cooperation and a more democratic , more coherent europe on both political and economical level . 
  as for the relations with the us i 'd say cordial , but assertive . 
  if i were to look for possible areas of contention here i 'd probably look into economical issues rather than problems over lack of foreign policy support . 
  even today eu starts to challenge us economical interests here quite heavily . 
  it 's mostly under the radar for now , but i can see it becoming a big problem . 
  as far as military cooperation i think that us has long kissed european military support goodbye will most likely welcome us taking over the defense of our own territory considering the costs of it . 
   on internal affairs , you mention policies that require a lot of expenditure , but only loosely touch on taxation . 
  all of the expenditure combined - especially things like raising the wages of doctors and nurses to the extent where they will not be lured by western european jobs or bringing healthcare back into the fold of the state plus additional spending on healthcare , research , etc - add up to something that looks like an overwhelming burden on polish finances , and does n't look like something that can be covered by merely fighting tax avoidance and changing income tax thresholds . 
  i kinda glossed over it but we actually propose a fairly significant overhaul of the income tax that includes significant progression resulting in slightly lower taxes for people up to ~ 130 % of average income and higher for everyone above . 
  for people earning up to 300 % average income changes would be small to moderate , but then increase rapidly to incentivize pay increases for lower and middle rank employees rather than executives . 
  all in all we 've spend months crunching numbers before presenting our economical proposals and our election program has been , along with all the others , a subject of analysis by well regarded polish research institute [ cenea ] ( http://www.cenea.org.pl/index.php?lang=en ) and , as one of only two , has been deemed fiscally doable . 
  second fairly neutral one was by liberal . nowoczesna and boiled down to `` remove all the things '' . 
  sure , it 's all pretty rough estimates on our part without access to government data and no political program fully survives actual governing , but we have actually , more or less , showed how we want to finance our goals . 
  arguably some plans would probably have to be postponed or scaled down till financing can be secured , mostly by working towards transferring sizable amounts of purchasing power from richest to the poorest and thus boosting demand , growth and finally tax revenue ( to put it simply ) . 
   how do you plan to appeal to an electorate which is both socially and economically conservative ? 
  while the nonsense about campus politics and tumblr is evidently false , the list of policies strongly push against the overton window of polish politics ( at least from an outsider pov ) . 
  how do you plan on moving forward from being just a left wing protest party or a minor coalition partner at best to being able to challenge the top parties in the country ? 
  while it can be argued that up to 80 % of voters in poland falls into that or either socially-conservative/economically-social or socially-liberal/economically-conservative category i 'd say that those are n't set in stone considering that post-communits ruled twice in last 27 years even getting 41 % of the votes in 2001 . 
  that being said we 'll need to convince people who are uncomfortable with half of our agenda to trust us . 
  it wo n't be easy and it wo n't be fast . 
  on the other hand , we only need to appear more desirable than the other parties and they sure seem hellbent on helping us with . 
  we are n't planning on appealing to everyone and we gladly position ourselves as an alternative and antithesis to liberals when it comes to economy aiming at reaching people who voted for pis not because they longed for conservative megalomaniacs , but because liberal economic policies were killing them . 
  sure , being new on the scene we obviously do n't have the profile to challenge pis just yet , but we 're working hard to build our credibility while trying to get more exposure . 
  i 'd say that the focus on credibility is a key here because especially lately it become apparent that our liberal-conservative conflict has utterly devolved into a tribal war . 
  government 's schemes , hypocrisy , disregard for rule of law and accountability has been met by smaller in scale but the very same thing by liberals . 
  according to the staunchest supporters of either side their leaders and representatives can do no wrong . 
  their every abuse , lie and dirty trick can be excused since they are ours . 
  and ours are inherently better than theirs since they are ours and their oursness is clearly superior to their theirsness . 
  and so on and so forth , if you catch my drift . 
  we are trying to stay more above any suspicion than caesar 's wife and present ourselves as a 3rd option . 
  we also try to be civil . 
  it may sound obvious but conservatives-nationalits/liberals conflict has over the years devolved into absolutely toxic namecalling and accusation dropping . 
  politicians of both sides routinely accuse one another of all kinds of treason ( that 's mostly pis ) and mental instability ( that 's liberals ) while their supporters throw derogative , full of disgust terms at the other tribe on daily basis . 
  we simply do neither and focus on criticizing , often quite vigorously , but only specific ideas , voices , policies rather than attacking people or simply throwing wild accusations . 
  you know - how people over they age of 6 would be expected to debate . 
  we hope that once people get to see us on the media more they 'll see the difference . 
  it 's going slow , but that 's to be expected . 
  other parties are made of people who 've been doing it for 20-30 years , we 've just for over a year . 
  they know all the journalists , all the journalists know them and out of sheer laziness in 95/100 situations the microphone or a camera ends up in front of them when it could have as well be aimed at us . 
  easily 9/10 of our bigger and smaller activities that we perform all over the country goes completely unreported and therefore known only to people it affected personally . 
  and in well over half of what is reported our involvement is omitted . 
  the worst thing about it is that for us to reach people with a message that we 're doing something whenever we 're in the emdia we kinda need to go like `` we did this there '' `` we 've done that here '' `` we helped those with that '' , `` we protested this there '' etc. 
  it honestly sounds absolutely obnoxious and i 'm sure turns people away , but we are simply forced to do that to get a fraction of the exposure established parties get automatically for simply being established . 
  and then we of course come to the meat of our proposals that will for many be unacceptable here or there and that adds to distrust . 
  what can be overlooked in a more established party that one votes for as a lesser evil will likely make a fresh face in the politics seem fringe and therefore unelectable . 
  if you add out mostly fairly low age for your average politician as well as our never-ending disregard for good advices by smart liberal political commentators you sure get a picture that oozes unreliability for average voter . 
  for those reasons we have no delusions about challenging top parties in next elections in 2-3 years . 
  out goal is to get around 15 % and use next 4 years in parament to do exactly the same thing what we 've been and will be till then , but in a spotlight of parliament opposition . 
  this should allow us to establish ourselves as a reliable , competent option for the next elections . 
  a status that may in the state of polish politics trump all the other political opinions and allow us to aim at electoral victory in 7 years . 
  if we wo n't massively fuck it up , that is . 
  in this case we should cross japan of the list too due to post-wwii situation .
