  renzi has the point - who else is going to buy all that overpriced , tacky jewelry italy is sending to russia by the ton ? 
  frankly this whole ukrainian situation and eu decisionmaking regarding it reminds me good old p-l commonwealth . 
  there were always overly pacifist . 
  regions in the west of the country that kept veto'ing military funding or any military action beyond defending against direct invasion . 
  and even that usually way too late and with inefficient funds . 
  almost everything was considered `` war mongering '' by the society . 
  sure , this pacifist attitude allowed for great economic development , but we all know how it eventually ended . 
  part about `` admitting that it 's all true '' is simply bullshit . 
  no one was arming maiden or whatever , and now we have one country being invaded by another . 
  that 's well beyond supporting ones that we `` like more '' . 
  several nato governments officially stated that russian army is indeed in ukraine and is fighting ukrainian forces . 
  poppies can grow almost everywhere . 
  i do n't know much about cars but dacia is indeed considered very solid , as far as i heard . 
  on the other hand dacias bought by polish police got nicknamed `` caushesku 's revenge '' by officers . 
  i always considered it a cognitive dissonance by fanatical liberals , who ca n't understand anything beyond in what they were thought to believe . 
  `` only liberalism works , therefore french economy must shortly ( apparently in about 30 years ) collapse '' . 
  i remember stories about imminent french economy collapse that kept running on the news at least weekly back in early 90s . 
  care to dispute some of the claims in the article then ? 
  it seems quite solid to me . 
  yeah , those are great !, 
  my favourite one was report of polish artillery brigade ( they even specified which brigade ) landing in odessa . 
  with photos and everything . 
  from poland . 
  transported via sea . 
  with yesterdays nominations we should now clearly write posts.in both polish and english : i was told that pudding is disgusting , but really enjoyed it when was eventually convinced to try it . 
  * see ? 
  much easier than french !, 
  fact that us has done numerous shirt things has little to do ( frankly , it has.nothing to do ) with current ukrainian situation . 
  also if they managed not to blow us all up for almost 50 , year during cold war i 'd argue they still want do it within few months before this crisis ends . 
  have better ideas ? 
  someone has clearly read top comment in yesterday thread about bases and now they 'll be.for 99 years . 
  there sure are several valuable people in pis , bit they drown in sea of stupidity nowadays . 
  kaminski ? 
  i could probably reach 50 if i was n't writing from the phone and could google a bit to refresh my memory . 
  i give pis credit for one thing . 
  they killed corruption dead . 
  they 've done it via witch hunts and mass hysteria while making a lot of damage in a process , but it worked and i think it was worth it . 
  but that 's it . 
  they 've done all they could and they should never get anywhere near power . 
  yeah , fighting rebels is one thing , but anti-pirate operation ? 
  we.should probably send few brigades , just to be sure . 
  damn , you are onto us ... 
  i guess we got to come clean . 
  it 's annual `` sink the ukrainian '' festival in polish airforce and those were our guys . 
  it 's a shame , really - we hoped to pin that one on russia , like we always do . 
  damn it . 
  and we had such a hot streak too !, 
  with this airliner and ... ops , i better shut up now . 
  do they ? 
  with prime minister , president , medals and whole thing , or is this made by some fringe far-right group ? 
  if the latter , then how that exactly matters ? 
  groups like that exist in every country . 
  i do n't think that austria has to worry about its security . 
  if you find yourselves invaded by russia it would probably mean things went fubar . 
  maybe he was in eastern poland back in 1939 or in estonia in 1940 fighting off nazi collaborators ? 
  so 1 + lithuanian guy per base makes it all kosher ? 
  that 's not what `` critical thinking '' means , but you are right . 
  we are crazy perfections , especially in matters of politics . 
  and i really do mean that `` crazy '' part . 
  it was only when i started following european and especially us politics when i realised how crazy high are our expected standards . 
  it , as you say , has it 's benefits , but is often very infuriated as well . 
  yeah , i think we can assume that no lower price would be accepted in eastern europe for italian fm . 
  hard to tell , but as far as i understand it 's unlikely . 
  i 'm no export on internal structure of po , but sikorski is considered a bit of an outsider and he would have trouble controlling the party . 
  as a matter of fact tusk was so good at cutting down emerging factions that there really is no strong candidate to be found . 
  is n't that germany 's job ? 
  we do n't want to take all the jobs , you know . 
  that would be rude . 
  just ask brits . 
  very interesting . 
  to the last minute i was ' t sure if he 'd go for it . 
  it will create huge power vacuum in poland . 
  tusk 's power for last 7 years was as unchecked as is merkels in germany . 
  interesting year ahead till elections . 
  he said that when ? 
  last government official 's comments about hungary i can remember are from wiretapping scandal and they included things like `` orban ca n't stop sucking putins cock . '', 
  i beg your pardon ? 
  we embrace our pessimism , we cherish it !, 
  on the other hand we are also very enthusiastic about things and strive to perfection and are proud of our accomplishments . 
  i ` ts classic split personality case , really . 
  funny enough that 's probably the best sociological information i 've heard in months !, 
  lol . 
  yeah , like we are n't busy enough modernizing our own country to want eastern germany ^ 2 situation on our hands right now ? 
  do n't get me wrong - i like ukrainians , wish them all the best and hope that they will become part of eu soon enough , but i would really , really prefer them doing that in their own country . 
   to speak of . 
   official, 
  tbh i 'd rather see tusk keeping his government in check in warsaw while sikorski works as eu fm . 
  b. . . b. . . but those restaurant bills !, 
  the one in which the most damaging thing opposition could find are the restaurant bills ? 
  yeah , i think people remember that about as well as 8 years of accusing the government of mass corruption , treason , murder and whatnot . 
  tbh eu as a whole does n't have a military to speak of , so declarations like that are for nato or particular countries to deliver . 
  in about a month i guess !, 
  i 'm on the fence on this one . 
  on one hand whole `` not aggravating putin '' is bullshit , since he has no problem making up excuses for his actions anyway , but on the other few bases clearly is n't enough to make a military difference while enough to pour some gas on that fire . 
  so in my view it is meaningless either way . 
  edit : bases would be meaningful in baltic states tho . 
  well , they are kinda doing that , are n't they . 
  so called `` komorowski doctrine '' that came into effect few years back refocuses out military development towards territorial defence , rather than international involvement . 
  pushing for eu army has the same thing in mind - having a powerful force we are entangled in ( in both military and economical sense ) , rather than relying on ones who have only political interest here . 
  funny enough polish public 's view of the us got much more restrained over last decade or so .
