  still , they kept getting circa 10 % of the votes mostly from old people fond of previous regime and young ( - ish ) left voters desperate enough for any left representation to overlook the fact that it 's mostly a facade . 
  most of the left-wing voters like myself could n't make themselves vote for them and kept voting for po ( civic platform ) as an anti-pis vote . 
  fast forward to the spring 2015 sld puts forward malgorzata og\u00f3rek , a very good looking , unknown , and as it turns out both neo-liberal and conservative candidate in presidential elections . 
  as disgusting pr stunt as they come greatly sums up how left-wing sld really is and thate there is no chance for improvement . 
  huge part of left-wing electorate is just done . 
  dozens and then hundereds of mostly young left leaning people create a new grass-root leftist party modeled after podemos - razem ( togather ) . 
  i am one of those people . 
  razem outright refuses to cooperate with sld and declares that its main goal is to destroy this ( in their eyes ) abomination once and for all in order to make room for real left win party in poland . 
  since parlamentry elections are just few months away and razem hardly even exists beyond fecebook smaller left wing parties such as greens , social solidarity movement , united labour and so on decide that the devil they know is a safer bet and join forces with sld to form united left coalition . 
  many more idealistic members leave their former patrties and join razem , but there is enough of actuall left-wing people there ( including barbara nowacka , that is made coalition leader a month before elections ) to give some voters hope that things are changing there . 
  razem at the same time succeeds in getting thousands of members , mostly people who never before took any part in politics and manages to register their candidacies nation-wide . 
  doing that requires getting 110.000 signatures in 21 out of 42 voting districts in a country - a massive test for such a new organization . 
  razem manages to gather the signatures as the first party qand becomes one of the 8 contenders that can fight for parlementry seats in elections . 
  that and social media campaign bring them some recognition on the internet , in newspapers and talk radios , but tv stations utterly ignore their existence sentencing them to utter obscurity and ~ 1 % popular support . 
  that is till last week , when on 20.10 one of razem 's leaders for the first time appears on tv during `` leaders ' debate ' organized by 3 biggest tv stations and , according to majority of pundits and voters , wins it . 
  media suddenly take interest in the party they 've been ignoring for months . 
  adrian zandberg ( person who won `` leader 's debate '' and several others razem members shop up in few dozens press publications , tv and radio shows over the next 3 days , but 3 days is all they get because on saturday electoral silence starts . 
  no politics can be discussed on the internet , in media , on the streets . 
  no agitation can be performed . 
  no polls can be published . 
  only 3 polls have been done entirely after the debate and , published on friday , show steep rise from under 1 % to 3,5-5 % support for razem . 
  as it turns out it 's too little too late and razem fails to break 5 % electoral threshold . 
  united left coalition also fails to reach their 8 % threshold ( higher since they 're coalition ) , but that 's mostly because they have n't been a left wing party for a long , long time . 
  at least according to me ( a razem member ) and many left-wing journalists . 
  election results show that over 50 % of left-wing voters once again voted for civic platform ( po ) as and anti-pis vote . 
  that being said breaking out of the obscurity ( razem members have been in media 15 times more during the last week , even with 2 days of electoral silence , than throughout the rest of the party 's existence combined ) and reaching 3 % threshold ( that grants budget funding for the next 4 years - over 3m $ compared to about 50k $ that party managed to gather and spent during the campaign ) are considered a major success and overall positive result despite not getting any seats . 
  and if < 8 % result for united left will indeed be confirmed that means yet another goal reached , as it will most likely spell the end of quasi-left sld in it 's current form . 
  all we know for sure is that we do n't know much . 
  they can either go full retard , start witchhunts , try to dismantle democracy bit by bit and so forth . 
  or they can do no such thing . 
  last time they tried that it ended with them 8 years in opposition and whole generation of people who did n't remember their rule had to grow up to rise them to power again . 
  on top of civic platform doing everything they could to give them that victory . 
  it 's not unreasonable to assume that they might have learned their lesson and will curb most extreme factions withing the party and wider right-wing scene . 
  we 'll have to wait and see . 
  i expect them to end up somewhere in-between those two extremes i just painted . 
  actually probably closer to pragmatic one . 
  wait , what ? 
  :d you should probably read that one again . 
  best thing about the whole ordeal is a fact that pis * really * wants to get their hold on schools . 
  i have it on a good authority that they will cleanse kuratoria 's and fill them to the brink with their own people heavily pushing catholic-patriotic mythos . 
  there is literally no better way to assure that next generation of voters will be as leftist as them come , 
  problem is that polish public and politicians do n't know the 1st thing about tomaszewski and they do n't care enough to learn about it . 
  hence misguided support he and his merry bunch of retards receive . 
  there are literally * a few * publications about lithuania and polish minority there * per year * in mass media here . 
  no in-depth analysis , nothing . 
  i 'm fairly curious person as far as world around me goes and i had no idea about tomaszewski before i learned it from reddit . 
  the situation may continute as it is , or someone may tell kaczy\u0144ski a thing or two about tomaszewski changing it . 
  hard to tell . 
  either will do , i guess . 
  as i said above - i 'd be really surprised if it did . 
  we managed to create a party and run a quite successful campaign spending just over 50k $ over 6 months . 
  now we 'll have to find ways to use over 2,5 m $ funding that we 'll get . 
  the hardest part is behind us on so many levels . 
  well , we were busy enough doing our part , ca n't be responsible for the rest of the voters . 
  pis majority is less than idea , to put it lightly and probably means 4 years of their government , but we simply had to knock zl out and get funding and we managed to do both . 
  considering that we had just over 50k $ to spent in 6 months and that we 'll now get over 2,5 m $ , i 'd say that next campaign will be a bit easier . 
  i 'd be very surprised if we did . 
  we 're pretty battle-hardened at this point and both getting funding and ousting united left are major victories considering situation we were facing . 
  we are quite content and very optimistic . 
  i 'm sure . 
  watch the fanpage over next few years . 
  looks like 2/3 goals achieved - not bad , not bad at all , 
  with few hundred people on razem event . 
  spirits are pretty damn high , 
  i really hope they wo n't . 
  last time they were in power was enough for almost a decade even with excuses . 
  and non-coalition pis government would most likely last 3 or 4 years . 
  i can live with likely 1 or 2-year one , but that would be way too much . 
  not sure if exit polls will be of much use this elections anyway . 
  they proved very unreliable in previous ones and now with so many parties hinging on the threshold we probably wo n't even know how made it till actual ballots are counted . 
  usually yes , bit this year all bets are off i 'm afraid . 
  people are very tired of po-pis conflict and it may as well mean good things for small parties . 
  any of them , really . 
  so , what governing coalition do you guys think we 'll have ? 
  do you think that law and justice will be able to form one , or will it remain in opposition despite winning ? 
  i honestly do n't know what 's most likely , or even if 3 or 8 parties will be in the next sejm . 
  crazy elections . 
  why ? 
  there are dozens of specialized police units to fight various types of crimes . 
  new are created every so often and it is yet to prove troublesome . 
  it 's not a plan to create a new secret service , or anything like it . 
  no it has not . 
  it 's not like they were aiming for hearts and minds of right-wing voters anyway . 
  and believe me - most of poles haven ' t gone nearly as mad about migrants as whatever internet bubble you are in . 
  is n't that a bit specifically about vat fraud rather than tax evasion in general ? 
  as far as i understand how the scheme works , it is based on providing fraudulent documentation of made up transactions of actual , physical goods to tax authorities , and has little to do with online transactions . 
  this thread may be a bit boring since nothing will be known till at least 9pm . 
  political agitation is banned starting the day before elections till they end . 
  and while it 's unlikely that anyone would care about our discussions here on reddit , it would be in poor taste to ignore the ban altogether . 
  but i guess there is no harm in answering question about specific parties and such . 
  elections themselves , on the other hand , will be very interesting indded . 
  while pis victory and 2nd place of po are almost certain 6 other parties can realistically either get past the threshold ( 5 % for parties and 8 % for coalitions , so only united left ) or fail to do so . 
  there are 460 seats up for grabs and [ d'hondt ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/d%27hondt_method ) method is used to determine who gets them . 
  because of that only very high pis victory coupled with only 3 or 4 parties getting past the threshold will allow them to rule alone , yet alone get a supermajority required to change the constitution . 
  funny enough relatively high score by po in expense of other parties ( they try to rally voters to vote for them in order to not let pis win ) would make pis majority more likely . 
  with 6 or more parties getting in it 's almost impossible , and forming a government may require 2 or more coalition partners . 
  pis coalition options are limited to kukiz '15 and perhaps psl . 
  it may lead to a situation where despite pis victory government is formed by a broad coalition of po , psl , united left and . nowoczesna . 
  last possible piece of a puzzle - razem , would n't join any of those coalitions . 
  assuming they get to sejm in the first place , that is .
