  dem clickbait titles ... 
  that was greece and they are holding it for ransom . 
  undoctored footage of naval landing performed by varoufakis will be aired by german tv shortly . 
  huh , i never heard about kicking czechs out . 
  guess we all have our convenient blank spots in memory . 
  whole affair was obviously plain moronic . 
  at least as moronic as 1920 invasion . 
  and while it is very embarrassing , especially from today 's point of view we got to remember * all * of it . 
  not to pass blame back and forth , in silly nationalistic fervor , but as a lesson for the future . 
  after all it 's not that far fetched of a interpretation that this conflict for a scrap of land and animosity it produced was a major facilitator of hitler 's invasions of both our countries . 
  some are , some are n't . 
  most of that applies to many corporations as well . 
  you must have not been paying attention . 
  balkan wars are talked about in school in much more detail than in this ( albeit good ) video . 
  19 victims confirmed dead by pm of tunisia . 
  17 of them were foreign tourists including british , german , italian , polish and spanish ones . 
  numbers may get worse since there are numerous injured and some people are still unaccounted for . 
  attackers have been killed by tunisian anti-terrorists . 
  really ? 
  in our schools retaking of zaolzie is presented as something bad , immoral and an obvious mistake , but is also considered a last chapter in a series of events dating back to 1918 that were , among other things , responsible for lack of polish-czech alliance against hitler . 
  are czechs really being thought that we took zaolzie out of the blue due to being some kind of crypto-nazi imperialistic cunts ? 
  i 've actually listened to few others , mostly from csis and those i listened to on the subjects i 'm familiar with seemed very competent . 
  especially compared to friedman . 
  and yes , it is scary that this guy has an influence over us foreign policy . 
  he presents the same level of comprehension like one that pushed us into iraq war and what happened beyond . 
  he makes some good points ( obviously ) , but once you squeeze it and think about it for a minute you realize that it all is absurdly simplified . 
  and if you build your theories , models and predictions on just a few % of data , they can , but are very unlikely be true . 
  unlike in his `` the next 100 years '' he does n't go fully mental , but i do n't see it being much better . 
  edit : and his moronic comment about pontius pilatus being a king and rome not controlling its territory directly ... 
  it seems like this guy stopped reading books 20-30 years ago and is just winging it ever since using anecdotal evidence . 
  i was n't talking about reddit . 
  different forum with posts dating back to 2003 . 
  and yes , i 'd say i 'm a socialist or soc-liberal for the most part . 
  i ca n't be sure but you sure sound convinced and convincing . 
  everyone knows they were trained in sweden . 
  true . 
  i 'm not his voter anyway and i 'd love to have some serious parties to vote for . 
   usually becouse they lack life expirience or knowledge about the world . 
  can confirm . 
  i was under the impression that those neat oversimplified economical answers korwin provides are right and that everyone is just too dumb to see it . 
  then i got in forum discussions with some socialists , started reading more economical and political stuff , lived a little and by my 18th ( totally 18th and not 20th ! ), 
  birthday i was less of a moron . 
  that being said i actually went back and looked at my old posts few weeks back after reading some of / u/protopolish comments and i was relieved to see that while i was an utter moron i was never nearly that dumb . 
  and my stupidity was mostly limited to economy . 
  you 're actually quite impressive . 
  every time i think you ca n't be any dumber you prove me wrong !, 
  that 's incorrect . 
  his government is still in power and hundreds of hours of illegal recordings of top officials within his party proved that ... one guy ( already pushed out at the time ) was corrupt . 
  while opposition paper that has the recordings claimed that they are damning they are yet to show anything scandalous , yet alone criminal . 
  you may not like his party , but claiming that they are corrupt after hundreds of hours of recordings of their private conversations showed no such thing is just stupid . 
  he was a prime minister for 7 years and still had a chance of winning next elections , so despite vocal minority of far-right and neo-liberal nuts he was quite appreciated . 
  i actually respect him for adjusting his ideas to the circumstances and learning from the mistakes of the others . 
  thankfully out of all the 90s neo-liberals to choose from we got one with a brain in power . 
  he should try it in poland too . 
  tho i guess there is more of a language barrier . 
  we do n't . 
  when entering , i guess , but waiting ? 
  i love hearing those stories from romania . 
  it really gives hope things will improve all over the region in bulgaria , hungary and even ukraine . 
  i assume corrupt parts of romanian elite who allowed for ani to happen thought that it will be just a propaganda prop , so i guess that its sweeping success may create a bit of a roadblock against such initiatives in other countries at first . 
  on the other hand if ( when ! ), 
  romanian economy starts booming thanks to this other countries will be forced by voters to follow . 
  especially since expertize is there for everyone to copy . 
  i got ta get myself some \u0162uic\u0103 and drink for your success . 
  that 's just a wild speculation . 
  let 's keep some integrity here , shall we ? 
  why the fuck would we want to had colonized africa ? 
  you people are worse than my mother . 
  they will , no worries . 
  it has n't even been 200 years - give them some time . 
  silly english-speakers . 
  your putin is leaking . 
  difference is that those far-right tools you describe are yet to reach 1 % of votes . 
  let 's say that it 's put on ice . 
  i assume you are talking about polls showing low level of affection among poles towards theoretical romanians . 
  thing is that those are n't based on reality . 
  back in early 90s there was a huge influx ( like nothing seen before ) of romanian roma and i guess poor romanians to some extent . 
  we already had sizable and mostly integrated roma community dating back few hundred years , so all the newcomers ( who seemed to almost exclusively deal in begging and prostitution ) were seen as romanians . 
  it has gotten so bad that word `` rumun '' ( masculinum of romanian ) has acquired an additional meaning of `` beggar '' and `` rumunka '' ( femininum of romanian ) meaning of `` low cost prostitute '' . 
  while the phenomenon i described mostly disappeared by now , lexical changes are yet to vanish . 
  so yeah , stereotypes of romanians in poland are quite brutal and it will probably take some time for them to disappear . 
  as far as anti-corruption drive goes i find it very impressive and expect great things from romania . 
  i ca n't recall stories about that in polish media tho , but i do n't follow it all that much so i might have missed it . 
  inter-state relation , as others pointed out , are n't really a problem . 
  a-men . 
  it 's impossible to translate , but there is a village called [ m\u0105chocice kapitulne ] ( http://pl.wikipedia.org/wiki/m%c4%85chocice_kapitulne ) . 
  not too far from [ m\u0105chocice-scholasteria ] ( http://pl.wikipedia.org/wiki/m%c4%85chocice-scholasteria ) . 
  are you really going to measure 1300 year old conquests by today 's standards ? 
  it really is n't . 
  islam throughout its golden age was very liberal and open to other cultures learning from them and building on top of their knowledge . 
  arts and science flourished from baghdad to andalus . 
  great muslim universities were created literally hundreds of years before european ones and arguably were the reason ours happened in the first place . 
  institutions like [ house of wisdom ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/house_of_wisdom ) in baghdad , [ al-azhar ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/al-azhar_university ) in kairo or [ al-qarawiyyin ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/university_of_al-qarawiyyin ) in fez significantly predate first european university of bologna . 
  you may say what you want about today 's islam , but back in x-xiv century muslims really were culturally superior to us . 
  we were just fanatical and hellbent on conquest . 
  so called `` triple f policy '' , huh ? 
  best of wishes !, 
  so apparently age of consent in italy is 14 ( 13 for close-age cases , and 16 if other person is in some kind of position of power like teacher , priest etc. 
  ) , but sex with prostitute is only legal if she is 18 or older . 
  she was 17 at the time .
