  the higher unemployment the more people to work for free . 
  such ideas are extremely damaging for the labor market since they also lower the pay pressure for those basic jobs . 
  i 'm not against state-sponsored internships per se , but they have to be both voluntary and teaching something . 
  stocking shelves 30h/week wo n't give you any useful experience , but surely take away time you could use to improve your qualifications or find an actual job . 
  hell , with the prices of tickets in uk i would be surprise if many of the subjects of this program got even close to # 2/h . 
  if by socialism you mean government forcing people to work in order to provide free labor for private companies , while booking the expenses under `` unemployment benefits '' , then sure . 
  but i guess , you 're right - not a lot of free market in it . 
  edited . 
  fighting unemployment by providing free labor for companies . 
  late ~ ~ free market ~ ~ capitalism never ceases to amaze . 
  never actually seen a pet pig , but i know they exist . 
  pretty sure it is n't a commonplace . 
  that was kinda the joke . 
  if you look at the map the east is on your right side and so on and so forth . 
  basically * woooosh *, 
  i know , right ? 
  roof is too heavy , colours and that pattern on the walls are hideous and windows seem out of place when side to side with those old ones . 
  for starters . 
  like with all great art it escapes the bounds of a single explanation . 
  the truth is in the eye of the beholder !, 
  is it a neighborly rivalry ? 
  a family feud ? 
  an allegory of polish east-west divide ? 
  none or all of the above ? 
  that eastern part sure needs some investment . 
  source : [ google maps ] ( https://www.google.pl/maps/place/dorotowo+3,+11-034+dorotowo/@53.6980793,20.4145817,3a,60y,83.98h,85.99t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1s4ejs7jmr0q75lhgsc6ds2q!2e0!7i13312!8i6656!4m5!3m4!1s0x471d80d151f2de0b:0x8eacdba03a220009!8m2!3d53.69795!4d20.414835 ), 
  how is that even a leftist sentiment ? 
  `` some people stolen from government so government is kinda justified to steal '' is as right-wing cleptocracy bullshit as it gets . 
  do n't you guys have anticlerical right-wingers there ? 
   suddenly discovering separation of church and state . 
  tfw vaticanization of poland feels like a reasonable option . 
  i was thinking non-religious , but sure , that sounds fun . 
  right , because poland can be either catholic or muslim / s, 
  are you saying that bestial torture and murder of thousands of people was ok , because of their political views ? 
  because they were `` soviet shills '' ? 
  hell , not only ok , but `` necessary '' ? 
  throwing people into the sea was also an argentinian junta passtime : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dirty_war http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/victims-of-death-flights-drugged-dumped-by-aircraft-but-not-forgotten-8360461.html, 
  `` patriotic regime '' . 
  nothing says `` patriotism '' quite as much as throwing your political opponents out of helicopters . 
  hell , even i was following the plan on flightradar before it started circling . 
  it was all over the news at the time . 
  i ca n't imagine turkish airforce being less informed than me on the matter ... story about f-16s is clearly bs . 
  oh fucking please ... are you telling me that life in communist poland was as bad as under isis ? 
  sure , stalinist russia was an outright evil , genocidal totalitarian country , but not nearly close to what isis is , and it actually had some serious accomplishments in regards to increasing quality of life , providing education , housing and building up industry once it finished with murdering its own citizens . 
  the thoughtless `` communism was evil incarnate and worst thing ever '' meme is outright pathetic and seriously ahistoric . 
   paris is one of the filthiest cities in europe and not even in a good way . 
  i 've actually read `` sheep sharing '' and was about to write an angry post on how english keep stealing welsh inventions . 
  ziobro ca n't speak right now . 
  his mouth is full . 
  edit : wrong post, 
  i think it was 5 % the other day , actually . 
  exactly . 
  it would have been soooooo much better if those gardens were on street level . 
  i like the `` manufaktura '' shopping mall in \u0141\u00f3d\u017a . 
  it is a repurposed late xix century factory . 
  because pre-existing program aimed at rising sexual assault awareness at university campuses is sooooo relevant here . 
  and you would thought that who like who but turks would know how to stage a bloody coup . 
  i have n't planned many coups , but i pretty certain that on the top of two-do list should be arresting the current country leader and taking over the parliament , especially if it is in session , as it seems to have been in this case . 
  shameful display . 
  if i were to chose between more or less thought-out expressions of sympathy and equally impotent , but toxic and selfrighteous bitching about them i 'll take the 1st one every time . 
  if you do n't have anything constructive to say just go ahead and seize the opportunity to keep your trap shut . 
  probably ` lost in translation ' kind of thing . 
  we really are n't big on repeating ourselves , especially compared to english . 
  he literally said not to be hostile in the previous sentence . 
  if he ware to repeat the meaning in the following one he 'd sound like a fairly slow 6yo . 
  those kinds of linguistic habits are extremely hard to kick . 
  i still feel almost physical pain repeating even a pronoun in an english sentence . 
  let 's not get melodramatic . 
   i 'm fairly sure obama was on polish tv the other day telling them their democracy was a bit shit what do you mean ? 
  he told that we are a pinnacle of democracy and thanked jaros\u0142aw kaczy\u0144ski for the creation of the universe . 
   how exactly is this democracy ? 
  uk is democratic . 
  eu is undemocratic . 
  what is there to be confused about ? 
  yes , but it refers to extremely strong tea that is meant to be a narcotic-like stimulant . 
  20-30 teaspoons per cup strong kind of thing . 
  you have your geo-political interests , we have ours . 
  ours include a reliable buffer between us and the russians . 
  how about `` wpotylic\u0119 '' ? 
  or finland . 
   but if you go on , we will stop driving in mass droves to suwalki to purchase your cheap chicken as sanctions literally terrorism !, 
   but this might be due to the lack of jews , imagine if a larger % of poles were jewish , you can see why there might be more anti-semitism ? 
  is n't that exactly what i claim in the 3rd sentence of my previous post ? 
  i do . 
  you 're mostly right tho . 
  there are hardly any jews left in poland , that 's for sure . 
  and if they were a still existing antisemitic sentiment would have been more visible . 
  i still do n't think that it would make the the jewish presence here dangerous . 
   it always was !, 
  right ... you may want to read up on the first part of xx century , on right wing attacks on jews in iirp , on szmalcownictwo , on post-wwii pogroms and on ' 68 . 
  sure , we were no germans , not by a long shot , but saying that poland was always friendly for jews requires a serious level of ignorance . 
  poland was very safe and mostly outright friendly for jews in years ~ 1300 - 1880 ~ and 2000 + . 
  from ~ 1880 to ~ 2000 not so much . 
  sometimes outright hostile , especially in the early decades of nationalisms , but even up to the 90s there were , and to some extent still are , significant amounts of antisemitic people around . 
  i happen to know a few . 
  are you telling me they 're impostors !?!?!, 
  am i in a middle of an international conspiracy ? 
  while i agree with your assessment of kod i have to disagree about `` robbing the retirement fund '' . 
  that was the single best decisions by po at least in their last few years , hands down . 
  ofe are basically a mechanism of funneling our retirement money into international financial corporations .
