  since he apparently not paid her she would have to be under 14 ( or 16 ) for it to be a crime . 
  and even if he paid her prosecution could n't prove that he knew her age . 
  yeah , i 'm sure everyone would jump on crystal meth train if it only was legal , or at least decriminalized . 
  according to the last pre-war census there were almost 3.474.000 polish-jewish citizens . 
  30 % of warsaw population were jewish , about 130.000 jews served in polish army on september 1st . 
  only about 300.000 survived the war . 
  antisemitism in western europe was actually the very reason there were millions of jews in poland . 
  700 year old culture and coexistence wiped out in those few years of unimaginable barbarism . 
  still makes me sick even tho i 've heard about it hundreds of times . 
  well , bush is making a comeback , so we may just be ahead of the curve . 
  i actually googled it before posting and apparently czechia is rare but still correct name that even has some people advocating for it becoming an official english name . 
  then i 'd go with bohemia . 
  really ? 
  we may not mow our lawns every week but we certainly do it . 
  czech-mate !, 
  i know , but should n't it be ? 
  sounds much better than the alternative . 
  is using `` czechia '' over `` czech republic '' considered not cool ? 
  actually it 's those filthy ` muricans [ infringing on our copyright ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/golden_liberty ) . 
  they are over 300 years behind on royalty payments . 
  nope , that 's a completely different place [ ~ 350km east ] ( https://www.google.com/maps/dir/50.229444,19.1575/50.871243,14.8237483/@50.1425484,14.2977441,7z ) of the spot on this photo . 
  more `` with culture '' or `` with history '' , but yes . 
  that 's my argument . 
  i 'm not talking about people living there ( that would extend that 2400 to hundreds of thousands of years ) by about an existence of a country called georgia . 
  it was created in 4th century bc . 
  yeah , except georgia has 2400 years of recorded history compared to meager under 300 of state of georgia . 
  what 's next ? 
  renaming new mexico just `` mexico '' ? 
  what 's up with attempt to measure everything in the world with money , 
  [ link behind paywall . 
  ] ( http://www.economist.com/blogs/graphicdetail/2015/03/daily-chart-1 ) article : in some countries international women 's day on march 8th is a public holiday . 
  but it is too early to relax efforts to increase equality for working women . 
  the nordics are still out in front , according to our latest glass-ceiling index , which shows where women have the best chances of equal treatment at work . 
  it combines data on higher education , labour-force participation , pay , child-care costs , maternity rights , business-school applications and representation in senior jobs . 
  each country 's score is a weighted average of its performance on nine indicators . 
  this year it is finland that comes out best , overtaking sweden and knocking norway off the top spot . 
  it scores highest of the 28 countries in our index for the share of women in higher education ( where their lead over males has grown ) , female labour-force participation and women taking the gmat ( business-school entrance exam ) , now over 50 % . 
  finland has also increased its paid maternity leave by more than two weeks . 
  norway still has more women on company boards than other countries , thanks to a 40 % mandatory quota that came into effect in 2008 , but women 's share of senior management jobs is slightly down on last year . 
  while the share of parliamentary seats occupied by women in norway and finland has not changed , it fell slightly in sweden , where the gender pay gap has also widened , and is now closer to the oecd average . 
  a newcomer to the index is turkey , which is among the worst places in the oecd to be a working woman . 
  it has the lowest share of senior management ( just 10 % ) and the largest gap between male and female labour-force participation . 
  in south korea and japan , too , the gaps in labour-force participation and pay remain unusually wide , though south korea scores top for net child-care costs , thanks to generous subsidies . 
  new zealand has dropped down the ranks since last year , largely because net child-care costs have increased . 
  while germany has been doing better ( or no worse ) on all indicators except the number of women taking the gmat exam , around a third of all candidates . 
  the oecd average shows improvements in the share of women in higher education , on boards and in parliament , as well as in their labour-force participation . 
  but the pay gap between men and women has widened , there are fewer women in senior management and the average maternity leave has come down . 
  the glass ceiling may be cracking , but has by no means shattered . 
  that 's just crazy talk . 
  everyone knows that us state of georgia is in caucasus . 
  what you implying would mean that panic all over us social media when russia invaded georgia in 2008 was one huge misunderstanding . 
  that sounds like something an agent of invasion-preparing germany would say . 
  last year there were biggest nato exercise since the end oif the cold war held around baltic and usa provided only 200 out of 7.000 troops involved then . 
  so that does n't sound routine . 
  well , if they are from georgia i 'm sure russians wo n't mind that much - they 've been on their borders anyways !, 
  and that speech is so american that i laughed my ass off :d, 
  the main reason for their arrival now are `` atlantic resolve '' maneuvers are apparently take place in all 3 baltic republics . 
  do n't really have any specifics on that those exact tanks are going to do . 
  edit : skip forward to 3:20 of that video . 
  you have it all explained in english . 
  your soldiers will just have few months of lovely vacation featuring cheap booze . 
  they 'll probably stay in latvia or possibly lithuania/estonia . 
  unloading tanks in riga on their way to ukraine would make little to no sense even if sending troops to fight in ukraine was an option . 
  oh , no no - i do agree that they should use evidence in their propaganda . 
  i clearly went * a bit * off topic , do n't mind me . 
  frankly anything but what they do now would be better and well documented and well presented evidence would be the best . 
  fact that they try to imitate the level of rt and other russian broadcasters but without their technical sophistication and years of experience makes is all simply painful to watch an i 'd say is counterproductive . 
  last year we were robed by an unfair voting system where only 5/10 votes are given by population and the rest by some boob-hating `` experts '' . 
  one could even call them `` homo nazi junta '' but at this point it would be a copyright infringement . 
  i do n't think i agree about having to gather more evidence of russian involvement . 
  anyone with a sliver of expertise and especially states with any intelligence whatsoever know exactly what is happening from the very start . 
  invasion of crimea ? 
  two days after `` little green men '' showed up our fm named specific russian units they were part of ( 76th and 106th guards air assault divisions ) . 
  shooting down malaysian airliner ? 
  it 's common knowledge that in russian doctrine armored forces are always accompanied by anti-air support consisting of buk missile batteries that have only ours/other target identification system . 
  we also know that russian forces fighting in that part of ukraine included tank battalion from 136th guards motor rifle brigade . 
  everyone with any power to do anything about it knows since at least few days after the incident that there is 95 + % chance that the plane was shot down by that unit . 
  and so on and so forth . 
  our governments know very well what exact russian units are operating and where . 
  it 's not hard at all to determine these days . 
  we do n't need ukrainian president presenting passports for that . 
  * history * ambition * good intentions * complaining, 
  ukrainians are notoriously terrible at propaganda , especially compared to russians , so that comes as no surprise . 
  still i 'll take few exaggerations over that neo-colonial manifesto with even less substance any day . 
  our wealth is much more evenly distributed as well ( no oligarchs ) , but i still do n't think average pole is 4 times wealthier . 
  i just find singing children more annoying than charming . 
  was such thing implied ? 
  i think there is a vast consensus in europe that secession in a way scotland attempted it should be honored . 
  and i 'd imagine that even spanish government does n't see its army as a primary tool for keeping separatists in check . 
   holy books of different religions are culturally and historically significant that 's exactly the extent of my point . 
  no more , no less . 
   i do n't think it 's up to the state to promote only one sect of one religion on a weekly basis . 
  ofc not . 
  i meant is as a form of religious or cultural studies . 
  and i know a thing or two about religious bias living in poland . 
  i think that both are way beyond the threshold where being a bit more or a bit less bizarre holds any real meaning . 
  what else would you even expect ? 
  only reason bible seems less ridiculous to us is because our culture is soaked with it . 
  everyone has their interpretation of quran ? 
  really ?
