  are you sure you understood what i was trying to say ? 
  because i sure as hell ca n't understand the reply . 
  can you elaborate on both counts ? 
  it literally seems like random sentences to me . 
  as i mentioned in other post problem with `` communist symbols '' like red star is that it 's widely used outside europe for example in muslim and latin american countries by socialist parties . 
  and socialism is , incidentally , only real political alternative to such treats like militaristic authoritarianism and islamism in most muslim countries . 
  even as close to romanian borders as turkey . 
  banning such symbol may prove problematic sooner rather than later . 
  as i mentioned in other post problem with `` communist symbols '' like red star is that it 's widely used outside europe for example in muslim and latin american countries by socialist parties . 
  and socialism is , incidentally , only real political alternative to such treats like militaristic authoritarianism and islamism in most muslim countries . 
  even as close to romanian borders as turkey . 
  banning such symbol may prove problematic sooner rather than later . 
   also highly inappropriate and uncivilized . 
  really ? 
  eli5 why is it `` uncivilized '' and `` highly inappropriate '' . 
  it sure is random , but i 'd love to hear about the `` uncivilized '' bit . 
  red star is used all over the world , especially by socialist parties in middle east , northern africa as well as south and central america for decades . 
  it is n't owned by stalinism . 
  as a matter of fact i attended turkish/kurdish demonstration in warsaw today and those left-wing activists were flying tones of red stars . 
  why would they be ? 
  kiev 's propaganda efforts in this war may be one of the worst in recorded history . 
  it seems like every other time they do something it 's clearly helping russians and their bullshit spin . 
  the blame . 
  that 's the problem . 
  blame is not very relevant here ( i was about to go with `` not at all , but i guess it is ) - greece is not a misbehaving toddler , but a country . 
  an entity gathering millions of people of varying ( mostly minuscule or non-existent ) influence on state of affairs over last two decades or so . 
  and i really think that they really got the memo on what they did wrong . 
  they got it like 5 years ago . 
  and yet we keep shoving the same memo down every greek 's throat over and over again , while implementing `` bailouts '' and `` help packages '' so economically absurd that they will turn greek into eu 's dominium at best and collapse the country at worst . 
  oh , but so what ? 
  they deserve it !, 
  ever single one of them . 
  from the current government that was out on the streets protesting against decisions that put greece under when they were made , through pensioners , common workers and ending on children that were n't even born before the crisis started . 
  they all need to suffer . 
  they all need to pay . 
  for it is just . 
  i really do miss the times from before / r/europe became a default sub . 
  for a while it seemed like things stayed the same and old users who were actually interested in europe enough to join it were still prevalent , but now it seems like we 've been overrun by random cunts who joined reddit to post shitty polandball comics or w/e . 
  i used to love this sub , but all i see here these days is immigrant and greek bashing . 
  do n't you people have specific subs for xenophobia ? 
  that was a joke ... 
  i drink so much vodka these days that i could drink only m\u0142ody ziemniak every time and my budget would be fine . 
  among some . 
  i have n't seen polish center-left ( and beyond ) press being so critical towards german government 's actions since schr\u00f6der times . 
  they change ever few years , but one ca n't be too careful about such important issues , can he ? 
  they used to be broadcasted along with weather forecast , but it 's not that common anymore . 
  i 'm afraid those numbers took a bit of a dive last few weeks . 
  we only care about imf when they have something bad about greece to say . 
  they really should try including `` fuck greeks ! '', 
  bits in their other reports . 
  especially those in which they are backpedaling on their previous ideas for greek crisis . 
  those seem to be virtually invisible ones . 
  bad example , since any journalist will tell you that french economy is on a brink of collapse . 
  for ~ 30 years now , but still . 
  on a very brink . 
  more like imminent economic collapse , or one that is going to be delayed a little bit . 
  why people think that yet another loan to greece will somehow change anything or magically make repayment of the dept possible is beyond me . 
  oh , right . 
  how could we forget after the display of christian values during greek crisis . 
  quality posting right here . 
  nope , they just fine tuned them and and made them available to the wide consumer base . 
  sadly they will most likely back down from those proposals shortly after elections . 
  i meant is state-wise . 
  you 're obviously right that individuals like that can be found everywhere . 
  that 's just some ignorant guy who clearly is n't even polish and does n't know squat . 
  you realize that only party that uses that `` historically x '' bullshit is russia , right ? 
  well , azerbaijani are n't coming from a failed state that endured years of brutal war and repression . 
  it sure fucks you up . 
  you mean former sarmatian territory that was annexed by goths in the 2th century ? 
  you mean former gothic territory that was annexed by huns in the 4th century ? 
  you mean former hunnish territory that was annexed by slavs in the 6th century ? 
  you mean former ukrainian territory that was annexed by mongols in the 13th century ? 
   you mean that former ~ ~ ukrainian ~ ~ mongolian territory that was annexed by ~ ~ poland ~ ~ lithuania in the 14th century ? 
  and non-russian and non-austrian . 
  your point ? 
  on the other hand we actually have quite a lot of chechens . 
  if i recall the data correctly most of chechen refugees to europe settled in poland . 
  frankly , no one would care . 
  perhaps roll their eyes or w/e but that 's about it . 
  no it 's not . 
  unless you want to tell romanians to shut the fuck up , because they live like kings compared to somalis . 
  oj tam , oj tam . 
   poland 's bond interest was about 6 % in 2010 . 
  instead of paying it down , the money was rent to greece for 3.5 % . 
  i would consider that a handout . 
  actually polish long-term ( 10y ) bonds from 2010 had 3 % floating interest rate , so every year 's interest rate of those bonds equals to 3 % + inflation rate in previous year ( it 's a bit more complicated , but thats the gist of it ) . 
  while those bonds had indeed a 6 % interest rate in 2010 they have 3 % interest rate now . 
  and basic interest rate is , obviously , the important part . 
  3,5 % basic interest rate is a very good deal even for countries like poland ( atm polish basic interest rate is 1,25 % ) . 
  reduction of interest is a loan . 
  not a handout . 
  german taxpayer is n't making a killing out of it , but sure is n't losing the money either . 
  i keep getting surprised how this point still fails to get across . 
  take a look at the map of whole europe and compare countries who had their own monetary policies with those who have n't . 
  poland and hungary for example had little to no austerity measures throughout the whole crisis . 
  then all those bond auctions are what : http://www.pdma.gr/index.php/en/debt-instruments-greek-government-bonds/announcements where do you think the money for repayment of imf dept is supposed to come from , again ? 
   they want the money with no conditions . 
  and they make up reasons why it 's absolutely necessary to give them money without conditions . 
  want from whom ? 
  the creditors / you seem to forget that lending is a two way street .
