  got ta watch it again . 
  they were created as a form of insurance . 
  for example if you 're a umbrella producer you place a bet that there wo n't be much rain in the summer . 
  if it 's raining a lot your business will do well and compensate for lost investment into options . 
  if , on the other hand , lack of rain ends up being the thing you get your option money and can stay afloat when there is n't much demand for your products . 
  i think you 've read too much 4chan or w/e . 
  gender studies are , just like op explained , simply a branch of sociology focusing on issues of sex and gender in the society . 
  sure it 's fairly niche , but so is theaterology , experimental archeology or bibliology . 
  in principle it 's about as sound of a science as economics or psychology . 
  if they 're always done right is a different story , but it 's not like economy is usually done right either . 
  that 's a silly thing to say . 
  [ wyborcza ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gazeta_wyborcza ) may have mostly neoliberal ( economically ) and liberal ( socially ) views and that 's not everyone is going to like , but they are a solid enough newspaper . 
  actually one of the most respected . 
  and i say it as someone who is , by large , very much fed up with them . 
  claiming like you and / u/spirit _ inc that it is somehow breitbart is bloody ridiculous . 
  probably 1/64 greek . 
  relevant flair . 
  you either still have n't thread linked by / u/cruelus _ rex in the first answer to your question , or you 're a heartless monster . 
  either way you should feel bad . 
  you do n't really pick your true friends . 
  it just happens . 
  two things : 1 . 
  i 've been hearing about this grand eu reform plan by everyones favourite david cameron , but i 'm yet to learn about the details . 
  anyone cares to enlighten me and others alike ? 
  what are eu reforms you would like to see and why ? 
  peculiar way to put it . 
  only time polish belarusians are really mentioned in a national debate is around the elections when territory they inhabit around hajn\u00f3wka votes very much left-wing unlike the most of eastern poland . 
  besides being orthodox and leftist people do n't really have much else to say about them , and consider them just another cute local culture . 
  i actually joined a left-wing party just over 2 years ago , so i already had pretty specified political opinion and i 'd say that my views pretty much remained as they were at the time , on average , but i got exposed to the topics i had little to no contact with before , so one could say that they got broader . 
  that 's a classic issue for poles . 
  i have hard time hearing the difference , let alone pronouncing it . 
  that 's interesting !, 
  it 's plural in polish as well . 
  and we almost exclusively use holandia over niderlandy as well . 
  the latter is actually an archaic word , for the most part . 
  if you use it people would probably assume you have xvii century netherlands in mind , or something . 
  i thought he was joking . 
  i can offer 80 z\u0142oty . 
  edit : upon reading it again in dan carlin voice i up my offer to 100 z\u0142oty as a thank you . 
  i do n't think russian and polish accents are similar in ears of english-speaking folk . 
  i do a lot of yt content in english and i get ask about my accent a lot . 
  not once someone expressed the assumption that i was russian . 
  i was even told a few times that it sounded nothing like it by people who assumed that they would be similar . 
  my understanding is that russian is very melodic while polish is quite harsh . 
  until the last word i thought you were english . 
  what the hell are traveler cheques ? 
  on topic : in austria avoid cellars . 
  unless we want to launch age of colonialism 2 : electric boongaloo we could n't possibly need to spend 2 % of gdp if united eu army was a thing . 
  1 % would be pleanty , i imagine . 
  surprise blitzkriegas . 
  damn , you 're right . 
  average age of 1st marriage is 29 for men and only 26,6 for women . 
  `` even a broken clock is right twice a day '' `` not the sharpest tool in the shed '' and finishing sentences with likes of '' , though '' , '' , considering '' , '' ' i guess '' . 
  a very efficient way of specifying what you mean in otherwise very grammatically inefficient language . 
  oh , and `` shitstorm '' that has been beautifully polonized as `` g\u00f3wnoburza '' . 
  pure poetry . 
  i 'm not sure i got your point . 
  could you rephrase ? 
  i 'm not sure i got your point . 
  could you rephrase ? 
  i 'm not sure i got your point . 
  could you rephrase ? 
  i 'm not sure i got your point . 
  could you rephrase ? 
  i 'm not sure i got your point . 
  could you rephrase ? 
  i 'm not sure i got your point . 
  could you rephrase ? 
  i 'm not sure i got your point . 
  could you rephrase ? 
  i 'm not sure i got your point . 
  could you rephrase ? 
  i 'm not sure i got your point . 
  could you rephrase ? 
  [ who built it tho ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mbyzgeee2mg ), 
  the whole attitude towards nudity is bizarre . 
  so i was watching a yt show discussing one of the latest got episodes . 
  thing was run by people seeming like your typical left-wing nerds . 
  you know - pink hair , tattoos , slutty-ish kind of attire etc. 
  it turns out that in that episode there was a few seconds of some extra 's penis shown . 
  having watched it i obviously noticed it , but it slipped my mind right away along with the color of theater curtains and dress worn by some secondary character . 
  for people running that yt show and their audience participating via chat it was the part of the episode they spent most time discussing . 
  they 've talked about it for like 10-15 minutes straight . 
  it was so bizarre . 
  if the conversation that they had there was recreated by some fringe conservative politicians here ( in a spirit , not exact words ) i would n't find it out of character . 
  i 've done the 1st part even tho it had probably 10 times more questions than it should , but seeing the 2nd one i just nope 'd out and chosen 4 in all of those . 
  hopefully it is still useful , but seriously - that last part was borderline absurd . 
  ugh , that 's pretty damn expensive . 
  but i 've heard that real brutal differences between us and eu are our phone bills . 
  i 'm paying 10 $ / month for unlimited calls and text and 5gb lte internet ( after that unlimited 3g ) . 
  how expensive would that be in the us ? 
  i checked out of curiosity and here is the current offer by the isp i 'm using : http://i.imgur.com/axnhiwq.png 4z\u0142 ~ = 1 $ big red ones are only for first 3 our of 24 months , so real prices are as follows : 10mbts - 10 $ / month 30mbts - 12 $ / month 120mbts - 15 $ / month 250mbts - 22 $ / month i 'm using 120mbts one for almost 2 years now and it 's stellar . 
  that 's just sad . 
  never heard anyone say that . 
  seems absolutely absurd , to be honest . 
  even more so than the whole `` earth is overpopulated . '', 
  bs media seem to keep mindlessly repeating . 
  it 's mostly from the point of view of ministers of finance . 
  inflation on that level is unnoticable for citizens while national dept slowly fades away .
