  as someone accurately said recently : `` pis 's authoritarian tendencies are rivaled only by their utter incompetence . '', 
  they are in office for what ? 
  three weeks ? 
  they already managed to actively break the constitution by outright ignoring verdicts by constitutional court in an act of power abuse not seen in poland since ... 
  i guess since martial law of 1981 . 
  doing that they lost half ... 
  i mean half of their support . 
  in 3 weeks . 
  from over 40 % to just above 20 . 
  despite furious propaganda efforts to spin their bullshit . 
  they are a gift that just keeps giving . 
  albeit a shortlived one as we 'll see soon enough . 
  that 's our new defense minister macierewicz lads . 
  nothing new to see here , move along . 
  i just clicked the link without reading the title and was a bit surprised `` what the fuck is a dick pic doing at the top of / r/europe ? '', 
  i honestly think this is one of the best b movies ever made . 
  i have a problem with privatizing services such as railways or power supply ; services that can only function using an infrastructure provided by the state . 
  such privatization deals are almost always struck when the latter is very weak and more often than not mean a transfer of infrastructure worth even dozens orders of magnitude more than the sum state receives . 
  it may be also coupled by a pressure to make regulation more lax sweetened with empty promises of keeping standards that are shortly broken without a recourse due to aforementioned weak position of the state . 
  and while those predatory practices may or may not happen the first part - selling taxpayer-funded holding for pennies on a dollar is almost a given . 
  followed closely by pay and/or employment cuts that worsen the state of economy . 
  so while privatization is n't inherently bad and , as you mentioned , may be beneficial it is very unlikely to happen when one of the `` partners ' in the deal has their backs against the wall . 
  that 's what we used to say about national postal services in poland . 
  and then a year ago a group of biggest private delivery companies took over delivering administrative correspondence of all kinds . 
  turns out that what they offered was about quarter of a quality and ~ 50 % dependability for 90 % the price . 
  few days ago the state-owned company took those duties back over and you could almost hear a sigh of relief sweeping across the land . 
  mostly because of deafening silence coming from the ever-present camp of free-market cultists . 
  i was listening to them for the most of elementary and high school 10-15 years ago and turns out that i enjoy them every bit as much today . 
  is it ? 
  i have n't had a chance to play it yet . 
  that main character from the trailers kinda resembled kmicic in my eyes . 
  that sounds like an absurd simplification . 
  unless you feel that things such a roads , railroads , healthcare and education should also be solely provided by private sector . 
  pan twardowski is a faustian figure in polish literature an folklore . 
  a 16th century nobleman and sorcerer who made a pact with the devil . 
  he ended up on the moon where he lives to this day . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pan_twardowski and this short is pretty damn great . 
  genius music choices . 
  depends on a gas i assume . 
  is it just me or an idea of privatizing streetlights is outright absurd ? 
  we actually hardly ever use concrete roads in poland except highways , and i do not have an experience with costs of actual highways , just local and municipal roads up to the bigger things such as circumferentials . 
  and this price actually refers to whole administrative width of a road including patches of grass on the sides and/or in a middle and so forth . 
  it 's basically what a m2 of a road costs the customer such as a municipality . 
  the `` m2 of a road '' here means everything that is needed to turn an empty space into an actual road , save buying the ground for it . 
  and since a road is n't just a few cm layer of asphalt/concrete costs add up . 
   a square-meter of asphalt usually costs 790km ( ~ 395 $ ) in bosnia and herzegovina . 
      is it made out of diamond powder or some other unobtainium ? 
  fun fact is that i actually know the cost of 1m2 of a road in poland . 
  it 's around 50 $ . 
  guess we do n't go for the same quality as our bosnian friends . 
  i actually like this one . 
  and yet we literally never had a parliamentary brawl . 
  guess polan not stronk enough :(, 
  thankfully russian military has no history or foolishly using their aa hardware against civilian targets . 
  wait , scrap what ? 
  i thought it was bad here , but whenever some over-pious school official tries to pull something like that it becomes a top news story for days . 
  you have n't been around for the previous pis government , have you ? 
  not having a supermajority to amend the constitution , but breaking it makes them undemocratic . 
  thing is that at this point it 's obvious that on the 9th those 5 nominations will be deemed unconstitutional . 
  pis could have used today 's verdict and call it a win not waiting for their part of the shitpile to go under scrutiny . 
  no , they keep disregarding the ruling , ignoring the law and breaking the constitution . 
  they 're either inexplicably stupid ( quite possible ) , or they really want to destroy the separation of powers by strong-arming judiciary . 
  most likely they are both , but that 's besides the point . 
  only question is how far they are willing to go . 
  before president 's speech i thought that people are exaggerating saying that pis wants to put an end to liberal democracy in poland . 
  now ? 
  i 'm disagreeing less and less . 
  especially the lawlessness of arguments used in the speech suggest some attempt to assume absolute power in a form of `` tyranny of the majority '' . 
  i highly doubt that constitutional judges will get intimidated by pis posturing , so what comes next ? 
  another phony decrees and forcibly removing , arresting the judges ? 
  i doubt even pis is nearly as suicidal . 
  the problem with those proposals are n't proposals themselves , but the fact that they are n't showing how they 're going to fund them . 
  unlike `` populist ' proposals of certain purple party . 
  still , po started it like the tools they are and provided pis all their excuses . 
  both are fucking awful . 
  and things keep getting worse - president just outright ignored decision by constitutional court and upheld his outright illegal decision to replace 5 of said court judges by people nominated yesterday late at night by new government . 
  deep constitutional crisis is the lightest description that can be used here . 
  looks at germany . 
  looks at greece . 
  since i know very little about molecular physics i do n't make definite statements about it . 
  i suggest that approach when it comes to economics . 
  fun fact : jebus mean `` fucker '' in polish . 
  people have to realize that only country in the world with military-industrial complex big enough to cater to its every need is usa . 
  russia , china , france , uk - all of them are buying significant parts of their military hardware abroad for the same reason we do - building an entire industry brunch and either buying or creating our own know-how just to make few dozen pieces of something can cost several magnitudes more and yield an inferior product . 
  i 'm all for investing in polish industry , i really am , especially when it comes to military-related production , but there are reasonable limits of what we can do on our own . 
  he most likely has a standing order to shoot if airspace is violated . 
  i mean literally . 
  that 's what an english phrase `` x national '' means with x being a country adjective . 
  it has nothing to do with nationalism - that 's what i was trying to clarity to / u/hungarian _ conartist, 
  `` polish national '' means `` a pole '' . 
  we 're simply assuming that russian leadership is n't outright retarded beyond all expectations and then some . 
  hate to agree with a yank , but you 're talking nonsense . 
  turkey is utterly impossible for russia to attack . 
  well , such laws do n't apply to international pissing contests . 
  russia thought turkey would n't dare ; turkey decided to double down on those turkmen rebels they told russia to leave alone and here we are . 
  strongly worded letters will be exchanged , but that 's about it . 
  well , they clearly waited with their fingers on triggers after warning russia few days ago to leave turkmen rebels alone . 
  polish and finnish came to be in order to balance the amount of vowels and consonants in the universe . 
  it 's more `` how absurd actions of polish government are '' . 
  poland itself definitely is n't nearly as conservative as the ruling party .
