  what are they then ? 
  young turks mentality alive and well , huh ? 
  nonsense . 
  if pis leadership started cosy-ing up to putin the party would implode from under them before you could finish saying `` placek z jagodami '' . 
  pis can sell a lot of bullshit , but they ca n't sell that the whole world suddenly conspires against poland and them . 
  it would make them look absurdly incompetent diplomacy-wise even to their stenchest supporters . 
  i think that relocation of nato summit would have been extremely effective measure when it comes to putting pressure on them . 
  there are some misconceptions here :  balwan = snowman in polish , big stone in slovak it also means an idol ( like a pagan statue vaguely shaped like a person ) tho it 's rarely used like that due to snowmen being much more common of a thing . 
   pilka = ball in polish , saw ( for cutting wood ) in slovak `` pi\u0142ka '' indeed means `` ball '' , but it also means a `` small saw '' with `` pi\u0142a '' being a basic word for a saw . 
   frajerka = pigeon in polish , girlfriend in slovak pigeon in polish is `` go\u0142\u0105b '' and `` frajerka '' would mean a gullible person of female variety , a sucker . 
  soc-dem one if anything . 
  come join the purple side of the force in front of pm 's office !, 
  we got p\u0105czki !, 
  translation : cena 1 g\u0142osu = = price of a vote liczba zdobytych g\u0142os\u00f3w = = number of votes received wydatki = = ( total ) expenses i 'll leave who-is-who for someone else on an offchance there is interest since i do n't have time atm . 
  it 's much , * much * easier to protest peacefully if police remains so . 
  oh we 're suckers for a minimalist design . 
  sometime to a fault ... 
  not sure if serious ... 
  they won but only a simple majority . 
  the whole problem is about them trying to ignore the constitution since they ca n't change it . 
  they do n't have a democratic mandate to do that . 
  democracy is the very thing we 're fighting here for . 
  it 's a bit weird since while government is in charge of publishing such verdicts it is compelled by the constitution to do so `` immediately '' . 
  theoretically there are other ways of publishing the verdict but they have n't been used before since this is the 1st problem like this . 
  since refusal to publish it goes hand in hand with the refusal to enforce it ( which is the duty of executive branch ) it is used as a symbol of breaking the constitutional order by the government . 
  we have several happenings planned . 
  for example for 18:00 tomorrow we plan to get as many chairs as possible put them in rows cinema-like and just sit there , looking at pm 's office waiting for the publication while eating popcorn . 
  we 'll provide popcorn for everyone :d https://www.facebook.com/events/972854072803164/, 
  we initially organized it and since we could n't broadcast our plans till earlier today initially only our members and supporters got the memo , but apparently other opposition groups such as kod are joining in . 
  i just came back from there to unfreeze a little and grab some warm clothes  the idea is to keep the protest going for up to a week or till the government finally publishes the damn thing . 
  it is an impromptu protest ( was n't officially registered at city hall ) so we could n't announce it before today due to legal reasons . 
  turned out pretty well considering . 
  we had 100-150 people between 18 and 22 and we 'll need at least 15 people at all times to prevent it from being dissolved but we 're prepping for the night and it should n't be a problem  sadly we wo n't be able to keep shouting or playing music between 22 and 6 but we 're planning to fight the government by defiantly playing board games and eating pizza . 
  few more photos : http://imgur.com/a/sfkww edit : it 's 6:30 now so we 're back with music and shouting and around 50 people already . 
  pretty damn great weather too !, 
  20-30 people spent the night around our tents and it was uneventful . 
  today should be interesting . 
  sidenote : there will be an impromptu protest in front the chancellery of the prime minister ( al. 
  ujazdowskie 1/3 ) at 6pm today ( in 35 minutes ) if anyone from warsaw feels like doing some shouting . 
  edit : actually the protest will continue through the night for at least 24h , so if you happen to have some time at any point today or tomorrow come hang out . 
  i 've read the nik report . 
  only * actual * allegation was the fact that 2 cars were bought using wrong procedures , but those were procured by agencja rozwoju rolnictwa for the institution , rather than by the institution itself . 
  rest of the document is made of general statements and observation without basis provided . 
  it was reported by wsj citing unnamed officials in us state department , tho in not those exact words . 
  no one has skin that is actually white . 
  the map uses a.good way of describing skin tones . 
  serbia can into nordic !, 
  oh he 's an asshole , alright . 
  but he ai n't wrong on this one . 
   give it a greek name eus varoufakis ? 
  can we get a rubber duck for scale ? 
  in this photo the slovenian bathtub looks almost like a sea and we all know that actual ships ca n't possibly fit in slovenia . 
  to make the parking more secure , obviously . 
  those damn new zealanders are known for being notorious car thiefs . 
  another anschluss ? 
  and while mongolians have n't burned any continents to the ground as of late , why chance it ? 
  smartflix . 
  much . 
  better . 
  fishing regulations mostly . 
   potato-y what does that even mean ? 
  make up a proper grievance , will ya ? 
  is one proper fucking negative stereotype so much to ask ? 
  what article hints at but fails to emphasize is a fact that official requirements to be eligible for card of the pole do n't match the reality . 
  in fact for ukrainians and belorussians as long as you do n't have a criminal record the documents they provide wo n't be looked at too closely and any possible glaring discrepancies will usually be overlooked in their favor . 
  at this point those fairly strict rules are just a facade obfuscating what is pretty damn clever and well executed migration scheme engineered in such a way that both eu official bodies and our eastern neighbors have trouble proving that we 're blatantly circumventing migration and visa rules of the former , as well as performing an organized brain drain operation against the latter . 
  bottom line is that almost every interested belorussian or ukrainian will be granted the card . 
  source : i know several ukrainians with the card as well as a few mfa officials ( old university buddies ) with whom i spoken about it . 
   i do to . 
  you now owe $ 70 for missing an `` o '' . 
  will austrian barbarism ever end ? 
  i wonder why twitter , of all things , is so unpopular in poland compared to the rest of europe . 
  you 've been convinced by * that * book ? 
  man , average plotek or fakt article has better sources and academic integrity . 
  that whole book is citing rumors as fact and overall character assassination . 
  my opinion of ipn tanked like a concrete dingy when they published that piece of crop and called it history . 
  based on this `` poor wording '' you get articles such as one we 're commenting here or this one : http://wiadomosci.onet.pl/kraj/ipn-lech-walesa-podpisal-zobowiazanie-wspolpracy-z-sb-pierwsze-komentarze/vc8lb4 someone should lose a fucking job over this because at this point wa\u0142\u0119sa would be in the right to sue ipn for their yearly budget or so . 
  be advised that the site you got sent to is heavily politicized and this surely is n't an objective summary . 
  https://ipn.gov.pl/en/news/2016/official-statement-on-the-inspection-of-the-first-batch-of-materials-secured-by-the-prosecutor-of-the-ipn-on-16-february-2016 the sentence in question is this : `` documents found in both files cover a period from 1970 to 1976 . 
  in the opinion of an expert-archivist participating in the activities , ** the documents are authentic ** . '' . 
  i sure hope it 's just a case of a dumb pr person writing a statement . 
  not even commenting on a moronic title of of this article that has nothing to do with that press statement that is literally the only bit of information there is at this point . 
  oh please ... 
  i 've worked on ipn files and believe me - they usually are n't the most one-dimensional sources out there . 
  honestly the `` confirmation '' bit in their press release is outright disgusting . 
  you can not confirm an authenticity of over 300 cards ( so up to ~ 700 pages ) of documents in several hours . 
  especially when you know that a forgery perpetrated few years later is an option . 
  to properly authenticate documents such as those they have to among other things : - confirm the dates on those documents and compare them with other information both on officers and a subject ( so if someone has n't made a series of reports in szczecin while spending 4 weeks in bieszczady ) - make sure that the style of documents is consistent with the years they were supposed to had been made - compare handwriting looking for both differences in handwriting of a single person as well as similarities between things supposedly written by different individuals . 
  - compare the language and style used by those people to the same end . 
  - look for mentions of events and make sure they are consistent with the dates on documents ( so if document dated 1972 is n't mentioning anything about an event from 1980 . 
  - compare those documents with other created in the same offices and by the same people . 
  and so on and so forth . 
  you know - all the stuff a fucking history student has to do when working on a source to get through a 2nd year of his bachelor 's degree . 
  none of which can be done in 5 hours . 
  you could be the most competent archivist in poland and all you could really say in few hours is that documents seem consistent with the era and that there are n't obvious signs of modern forgery . 
  i know for a fact that an uw history student trying to make such judgment based on that data and work would get to get their shit together real fast or repeat a year . 
  one would hope that the biggest historical institution in the country has at least similar standards . 
  i sure hope it was some dumb pr person that written this bullshit of a memo . 
  the `` confirmation '' bit in their press release is outright disgusting . 
  you can not confirm an authenticity of over 300 cards ( so up to ~ 700 pages ) of documents in several hours .
