  most assertive ones advocated for limited use of force on ukraine 's territory . 
  i 've seen none that could be described as jingoist either . 
  british taste for tabloids always boggled my mind . 
  [ this ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/7/7d/gazetawyborcza_cover.jpg ) is how cover of most popular polish newspaper looks like . 
  well done title . 
  i started reading it and was like , `` oh no , one german comedian making fun of holocaust , who the fuck cares about one dumb gu ... oh . 
  not what i was expecting . '', 
  that sounds like a legitimate question . 
  i do n't get the downvotes . 
   jingoism oxford dictionary : * jingoism * , extreme patriotism , especially in the form of aggressive or warlike foreign policy not sure how that applies . 
  and to win hearts of the clueless who ca n't understand the difference . 
  yeah , your public debate regarding eu seems to be fubar . 
  only some . 
  many of the jews , at least in xix and xx century poland were quite secularised and often atheistic . 
  sizeable amount never learned yiddish and basically became poles of jewish ancestry . 
  claims of utter lack of integration are simply false . 
   uh , is that really the best example when they played a fairly large part in instigating the fall of the polish-lithuanian commonwealth in their roles as szlachta intermediares ? 
  i mean the zaporozhian cossacks basically just kept pointing them out and won support among the ruthenian peasantry in breaking away in the khmelnytsky uprising . 
  i do n't specialise in that period so i asked a friend who does , just to be sure , and she agreed with my first assumption that those things were very insignificant . 
  singling out jews during ukrainian uprisings happened but jewish role in sparking them were minimal to none . 
  unchecked power of `` crown princelings '' and failure to deliver on a promise to expand cossack regestr were two main issues followed by few secondary ones among which was hiring jews to manage magnates ' estates , but even then that 's just one piece of the puzzle made of attempted exploitation by magnates themselves . 
  those oligarch funded troops seem so bizarre in modern country . 
  just like magnats ' private armies back in the times of plc. 
  on the same land too . 
  i actually saw a graph with what they manufacture the other week and it 's really not that hard to avoid them . 
  i , without even trying or knowing what is theirs , only used one of their products - ysl perfume . 
  have you even read what you responded to ? 
  i 'm all for criticising israel in any way , shape or form and am not too concerned about angry protesters expressing anger at jews ( since , angry protests are n't known for splitting hair and keeping in mind parts of the nations that are on their side ) but this is some hardcore bullshit . 
  back in early xiv poland started it 's policy of accepting jews who were being prosecuted and expelled from other european countries . 
  they were given their own rights , protected by the crown law and become loyal citizens and important part of society 's fabric for next 600 years . 
  jewish population in poland was by far biggest in europe reaching well over 20 % in some regions . 
  and yet their `` genetic evil '' mentioned by author , somehow failed to transpire . 
  hate israel , it 's government and it 's semi-fascist ideology all you want . 
  you should . 
  but simplifying it and blaming all the jews for that makes one no different from israeli extremists . 
  it depends . 
  if it poses imminent threat to others it seems like a reasonable thing to do at times . 
  there were , for example , suggestions of preventive war against nazi germany . 
  in hindsight it sure looks like best option for everyone including germans . 
  also when it comes to isis we are n't even talking about possible threat but very real aggression happening as we speak . 
  i 'm far from being us-style trigger happy , but i would n't discard the possibility of any preventive military actions on principle . 
  that 's interesting . 
  i had literally no idea . 
  never got in contact with anything other than state owned wod-kan . 
  old habits die hard , 
  ceo arguing for access to drinking water not being considered basic human right is just a tip of the iceberg of shit nestle is doing . 
  i rarely care about things like that but even i was disgusted reading about their exploits . 
  perhaps , but in poland most of state monopolies were ` privatised ' on stock market with country holding enough shares to still control them . 
  they are transparent but government can still affect them . 
  most of them ( nor orlen this year tho ... ) are turning quite a profit and yearly dividend is reasonably big part of a budget . 
  it always struck me as a reasonable compromise . 
  wow , that is crazy . 
  even in poland during biggest privatization madness ( we privatized railroad and semi-privitized electricity production for w/e reason ) no one even proposed privatizing things like water , power lines , sewerage , gas pipes . 
  yeah , you 're right . 
  not sure why i used this word . 
  it was obviously little bit of both , but like you said with more conquest and assimilation than extermination in many situations . 
  my apologies - when one writes on the internet it 's easy to forget about being accurate . 
  and it really was n't about painting you as some resident bad guys , things like that were hardly uncommon or limited to germans at the time . 
  about the same time one of the polish dukes p. much exterminated whole baltic tribe of [ yotvingians ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/yotvingians ) in a punitive raid . 
  terrible title for very interesting video . 
  you should be ashamed op !, 
  you really thought that the cheesy title is only thing that will make us watch it ? 
  actually pederast is adolescent man fucker and little boy fucked is a paedophile . 
  common etymology dates back to ancient greece . 
   i think poland made out pretty well compared to germany . 
  who the hell wants belarus anyway ? 
  poland managed to get some great land due to stalin 's power grab . 
  apart from some basic infrastructure and natural resources land does n't really make much of a difference . 
  people inhabiting it are what matters and since population was virtually moved from land that was lost to land that was gain i 'd say that everyone would rather want to leave it as it was before . 
  ww2 and stalin 's relocations also made poland one of the most ethnically homogenic countries in the world for the first time in its 1000 year history . 
  before people who 's mother 's tongue was polish usually made less than 60 % of the population , so post-war changes were quite groundbreaking as if war itself was n't enough . 
  it is what it is tho . 
  complaining about history serves little to no purpose . 
  damn , i 'm yet to meet even mild german revanchist . 
  you got me intrigued :(, 
  there were [ more changes ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/75/map_of_poland_%281945%29.png ) too . 
  everything that is yellow was german before wwii and mostly inhabited by germans ( sizable polish minorytywas only in silesia ( bottom left bit ) . 
  on the other hand pink parts where with poland for hundreds of years as well . 
  actually both germany and poland got pretty screwed by forceful relocations after ww2 . 
  thankfully no one is looking for redrawing of borders ( save few 0.01 % of morons ) since that 's one big clusterfuck . 
  one could argue that stalin 's idea to deport both poles and germans from transferred territories is one that can be responsible for lasting peace in the region in foreseeable future . 
   for russia to just show up out of nowhere is just comical for me . 
  to claim the history of the area is even more of a farce . 
  well , that 's how history works . 
  stalin came up with the idea , churchill and fdr ok ` ed it and it was done , just like that . 
  calling danzig purely german city ( like konigsberg arguably was ) is a big stretch . 
  it was polish city for 300 years , then got annexed by brandenburg for 150 years to then return to poland for over another 300 before it was annexed by prussia . 
  konigsberg was part of poland only for about 200 years as a part of prussian homage and had very little polish inhabitants . 
  do you really view those two situations as similar ones ? 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/old_prussians those were baltic tribes ( like lithuanians , latvians , estonians and few others that have n't survived ) that were exterminated by german crusaders making place for colonisation of the region back in xiii-xiv century . 
  hence it kinda fit that too , and referring to german inhabitants of east prussia as prussians is n't all that common . 
  not like we would want it in the 1st place , but i 'm curious why you specifically hope it does n't fall to poland ? 
   but germans ** were ** expelled from their homes were . 
  nothing can be done now . 
  palestinians are getting expelled and prosecuted now . 
  what is even your point ? 
  that injustice happening to someone at some point in history makes similar injustices happening now ok ? 
  or is it just an exercise in futility ? 
  edit : love blanked downvoting of all my recent comments , regardless if they are related to this thread or not . 
  very mature .
