  hardly a new thing either - it has been around since the 60s and the rise of nation of islam to popularity . 
  now with continuous and often deadly abuse of poor black people in parts of the us coupled with narration that anti-black racism is gone it had to reappear . 
  is it silly ? 
  sure . 
  is it surprising ? 
  it is n't an important problem either . 
  just a symptom that will go away once/when/if the situation of poor black people in the us improves . 
  that specific protest may be stupid , but using legal system to make an example of people , especially ones protesting against government , is a terrible fucking idea that should n't be allowed to take root . 
  i 've heard that phrase used as a strawman dozens of times , but am yet to hear it as an actual argument used by someone . 
  if people stopped spouting that till someone of import actually says this nonsense i 'd be very grateful . 
   those fucking swj 's are destroying this world . 
  i 'm pretty sure they 're just a very minor internet phenomena with no impact on world at large , beyond spawning their identical , equally misguided and annoying opposites . 
   and what makes this even more suicidal is the fact that they are fighting the system that gave them the rights to do so . 
  absolutely terrible argument that should n't be used against any type of protests . 
  `` we are n't locking you up or shooting you when you protest , so now be grateful and kindly shut the fuck up . '', 
  let me channel a polish nationalist commenting on a racist incident in poland : `` where is the proof it was a hate crime ? 
  who knows what were their motives . 
  was he even attacked ? 
  i have n't seen any evidence . 
  i 'm sure it 's a made up story to further communist ( meaning : niot a right-winger ) agenda . '', 
  i assume you guys have similar champions of intellect showing up . 
   ( for all you vpn netflix watchers ) . 
  so what are the good vpn services for netflix these days ? 
  i pretend that i understood that russian court just ruled to stop the 1939 invasion of poland . 
  pretending to misunderstand things in such a way that they are utterly absurd and believing in them must be the most overused type of a joke on reddit . 
  very low effort but seems kinda smart . 
  how can you not know it ? 
  [ huh ? 
  better 77 years too late than never !, 
  well , it 's not like pis is innocent here . 
  whole things was on a smaller scale but still rolling when pis was in charge of warsaw last time around . 
  and there is a whole sub-scandal of with catholic church scamming their share of land worth tens of millions at least that they were more than complacent in . 
  and i 'd argue that the only left is razem . 
  pis uses socialist-ish policies but not as a coherent plan but as a trick to attract voters . 
  and claiming that pis is n't at least nationalist after yesterday 's despicable spectacle and many smaller but similar before it is just fooling yourself or the audience . 
  i would n't hold my breath . 
  this government is just as infected with severe case of 90s ' neoliberalism as all the previous ones . 
  actually most of them are . 
  i 'm not the one to praise po but they indeed built most of the needed highways and the rest of them is on a safe path to completion . 
  it goes waaaaay beyond euro 2012 thing . 
  go away . 
  it 's more along the lines of us agreeing on 20 $ only for you to then go around my back and talk my son into settling for 1 $ and then complaining when i tell you to go fuck yourself unless you pay me that 20 $ i agreed upon in good faith . 
  i 'm basically a big proponent of general provisions such as tax avoidance one , that make a whole lines of semi-legal tax avoidance dumbfuckery illegal bade on on breaking specific laws but the singularity of intent to avoid taxes . 
  i 'd argue that our legal systems have been basically dismantled on certain levels leaving big companies and wealthy individuals to do as they please while draining state resources in attempts to fight that hundered-headed hydra . 
  those parts of law have been deformed corrupted to such extent that it is clear that they have not and will not work . 
  a shift towards less formal logic - and more goal-oriented approach is required . 
  and if we are to kick it of by using eu 's power to strong-arm a few white-gloved thieves that 've been stealing in broad daylight while laughing to our faces for years then i 'm more than ok with that . 
  we 're talking about eu-level solutions . 
  are you really expecting a significant number companies to leave the whole eu over this ? 
   retroactively demanding millions of dollars from a company which was not legally responsible to pay is n't a good precedent to set . 
  is n't it ? 
  i 'd say it 's a great precedent to set . 
  have n't i laid out two reasons , just after the `` not really '' part ? 
  i could have sworn i had . 
  not really , since prussian and other partitioning countries ' laws were never fully embraced nor treated as an actual polish law . 
  numerous provisions on other subjects were also ignored . 
  and then comes the fact that there was no sovereign act of criminalization like in other countries . 
  sure , situation is n't as black and white as the map suggests , but is n't as black and white as you suggest it either . 
  i really would n't say it 's shrinking . 
  i know quite a few homosexuals and have talked about it on numerous occasions and according to them things are slowly , but steadily getting better , save last year 's conservative backlash . 
  overwhelming majority of people declaring lack of acceptance for homosexuality are doing so passively , as in only ever discussing it when asked and in no way activly making live for homosexuals difficult . 
  hell , on top of numerous openly homosexual people of culture we have quite a few elected officials even on the most local , rural level . 
  i 'd say that things should more or less catch up with the rest of europe withing a decade or so . 
  and once left-wing government gets power and will legalize all the things , majority will easily accept new status quo . 
  i got that from a friend that studies iirp sexuality at ih uw . 
  i 'll ask her about an actual published study next time i have a chance , but according to her only prosecution against homosexuals she was able to document were instances involving prostitution , and that there were no significant differences between prosecution of hetero - and homosexual prostitution . 
  well , we are n't the only ones who historically regressed in one field or another , are we ? 
  while that 's true in theory no one was ever prosecuted using it and it was promptly changed once criminal code was reformed . 
  i do n't get it . 
  if you 're including a picture , should n't it be more along the lines of [ this ] ( https://proxy.bigfooty.com/forum/proxy.php?image=http%3a%2f%2ftwitchy.com%2fwp-content%2fuploads%2f2013%2f01%2fstraw-man.png&amp;hash=03d68e251302238a9ef2a976b5cf8cae ) ? 
  we were really into [ personal liberty ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/golden_liberty ) . 
  it would have been impossible to pass such a law , but i could n't find an attempt to pass that would be an exception proving the rule . 
  there are , however , some legal documents of a civil law variety from court archives that include such things as noblemen explicitly naming and including their gay lovers in their wills . 
  i mean , cuba actually is n't that bad except the economic strife , but that 's in no small part thanks to decades of us embargo . 
  do you ? 
  perhaps , but i think that 5-10 years is definitely too short of a timeframe for this . 
  first of all i think that your particular brand of being fed up with europeans is and will still be pretty rare , especially since exposure is unlikely to significantly rise . 
  especially the kind that may breed resentment . 
  my impression is that moods of american public are pretty fickle , especially when it comes to foreign policies and on that level of abstraction . 
  and if push came to shove in any semi-significant way i fail to see how us could be politically capable of sitting back and doing nothing . 
  not for at least next 2 decades , i 'd say . 
  and by then we should get either our own defense long sorted , or the international situation is extremely different from what we can now imagine , so all predictions are moot anyway . 
  does n't matter . 
  us support for nato is pretty much a given unless political earthquakes well beyond what we can possibly predict now will happen . 
  it 's not like you could n't use some dialing down on military expenditure ... 
  posturing is one thing , but her track record on privatizing public services is outright atrocious . 
  but then again , i 'd take corbyn over tories 10 times out of 10 , so i may have a different view on that matter . 
  are you liking those tory governments that much ? 
  oh , as a pole i 'd still take corbyn over blair every damn time , do n't get me wrong . 
  i just wish he was n't so politically inept at times . 
  even assuming that this single study really implicates statistically significant implications of iq on the country level and is done right ( i highly suspect that it is n't , due to complexity of the matter ) then i think that you 're still mistaking the statistically significant influence in a scientific sense ( usually considered 0,5 + % ) for a commanding influence . 
  what that means is that even if that study somehow was n't shit it would mean that somewhere around 0,5 % of the difference in violent crime levels can be explained by the iq difference . 
  so , yeah ... as i said - at best it 's borderline useless rather than outright useless . 
  i 'm pretty sure that estonia does . 
  and the other 2 are in top 10 nato spenders anyway . 
  also they could spend 10 % of their gdp on army and it 's not like it would matter , so not killing oneself over that if budget ca n't handle it in that year actually makes sense in the long run , even if we 're only looking at military spending , albeit in the long term . 
  in reality that 's just an excuse , and a pretty poor one when only 4 eu countries actually spend 2 % . 
  have you rtfa ? 
  please do rtfa , because word `` assault '' is nowhere to be found there . 
  i even made all the questions asked there into a bloody list in one of the posts above to avoid discussing the parts of the study that are nonexistent .
