  russia would desperetly need cash to pay for it 's day to day existence , but interest rates would skyrocket . 
  things would spiral from there . 
  having said that it would be unwise to use sanctions like that unless anything else fails , since economical strike of that magnitude might as well put putin into `` nothing to lose '' mode , and no one wants that . 
  still , using this kind of threat in some ultimatum seems reasonable enough . 
  those reindeers are probably from finland and are striking back after [ norwegian armed invasion ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2c8361/armed_norwegian_police_cross_into_finland_yle/ ) last week . 
  shit is getting serious !, 
  ugh , i was talking about things like roma culture festival or roma song festival . 
  kind of folklore events , nothing like things you describe . 
  assasinated president , bloody invasion of red army , epidemic in war prisoner 's camps , political chaos , coup and imprisonment of opposition , devastating economic crisis , aggravating policies towards minorities and neighbours luke czechs and lithuanians , lacking infrastucture , limited education and healthcare for poorer citizens and finally failure to defend the country despite absurdly high defence expediture . 
  no , that really was n't a golden age . 
  i think that at least in poland that has sizable roma minority , there is this understanding . 
  gypsies are associated with their festivals , culture ( that has a lot of screen time on tv ) and weird ass houses than with theft and begging . 
  roma who have been immigrating from romania brought that problem here , and the longest time people atributed that problem ( along with street walking ) to romanians as a whole . 
  i think that even now if there was a pool what nationality is associated with those pathologies romanians would have `` won '' with roma/gypsies . 
  sucks for romanians tho , but nothing good ever came out of stereotypes , so it is to be expected . 
  embargo involving gas and oil wold be ideal ( tho it would surely affect average russians much , much more so i do n't know why do you consider it better in that department ) but eu is n't yet ready for actions like that . 
  only two other options are doing nothing while hoping for putin to stop and some kind of military response . 
  both potentially terrible . 
  at this point i do n't see better approach than those sanctions that were implemented . 
  do n't forget poisonous polish , gay , fascist apples !, 
  putin has apparently made lifes of average russians better . 
  now his international actions have consequences for his voters at home . 
  at some point they will have to decide if feeling warm inside about empire being rebuilt is worth it , or they rather live prosperous lives instead of stroking putin 's ego . 
  grand duchy times before jagie\u0142\u0142o , or including our little joint venture ? 
  i think he was worried about only `` early '' part . 
  yeah , tell us about being on the winning side turning out not so great ;-), 
  what ? 
  i think i 'd remember `` coup '' in romania just few years back . 
  could you give us.some link including ones where eu and us officials call it a coup ? 
  he made a deal brokered by eu with protesters , that included , among other things , return to old constitution . 
  then he fled the country within 24 hours after signing it . 
  i 'm not saying that what is done is done in all situations , but in this case i fail to eee your point ? 
  should old president be returned ? 
  should all ukrainian governments be considered illegal from now on ? 
  unless there is a point somewere this discussion is kinda pointless . 
  was it ? 
  are you an expert of ukrainian constitutional law ? 
  president has responsibilities and if he is n't able to do his job he can be removed . 
  also only entities opposing this are russian propaganda outlets . 
  even russian governemnt has recognized it , so stop trying to be more putinish than putin himself . 
  and caring about slavic ukraine being proxy invaded clearly proves that slavs are n't considered people . 
  your main point is bs as well since i 've read many pieces about civilian deaths in eastern ukraine are you simply write random shit or do you actually believe what you are saying ? 
  what 's the.point of writing such a long post when you are going to focus on whataboutusing ( we are busy criticising us ourselves whenever there are n't any annexations and proxy invasions going on ) and making up shit like `` fascist ukraine '' and `` right sector coup '' ? 
  he was voted out of the office by whole parliament ( that has been elected by the people ) after he left his postwith those two groups being very minor part of it . 
  then there was open election and new president was elected and even russia recognized said elections . 
  calling it a fascist coup is as stupid as it can be . 
  seeing the title i thought `` yeah , sure - they got nothing on \u0141\u00f3d\u017a !, 
  '' , but after seeing photos i stand corrected !, 
  it os probably ugliest than anything we have in poland at this point, 
  from the reign of kazimierz the great to the start of so called age of wars . 
  in that time most of the country never seen war . 
  age of wars , however , was a century of struggle against almost all the neighbours ( everyone but germans ) coupled with ukrainian uprisings . 
  while borders have n't changed much , the country was exhausted and demolished to the point of no return and ended up falling in the next 100 years . 
  and second one would be today . 
  standard of living is decent and improving , neighbours are friendly qnd reversal of fortune seems very unlikely . 
  and that 's basically my point . 
  i do believe that expecting apologies from modern germans is not only silly and baseless but potentially counterproductive . 
  no argument there . 
  i was specifically talking about situations where governments or societies as a whole refuse to recognize some kind of genocidal actions . 
  whole apology thing i meant only in some kind of one time , state issued apology and acknowledgment . 
  i 'm writing it all on my phone , so my thoughts may be less coherent than i would hope , since i 'm busy fighting with this shitty technology . 
  and now imagine that german government refuses to call german actions during ww2 genocides , stating that it.would be excesive , and reminding that many germans were killed too etc. 
  you have no flair so i use my example - i as a pole would feel very ( very ! ), 
  uneasy about it and have to take into consideration that thing like that can happen again . 
  and thats basically the stance of turkish government , about armenian genocide . 
  admiting guilt is a part of making sure that things like that wo n't happen again and keeping nationalism in check . 
  i do n't think that making students a bit uneasy during history lessons is a big price to pay . 
  also i do n't think that mongolian example is a good one , not only due to sheer amount of.time that has passed , but due to circumstances being completly different . 
  same goes for most medieval events . 
  when it comes to more modern times things change dramatically - armenians are still in turks ' arm 's reach , poles are still living next to germans , ukrainians and czechs and all that history is neither forgotten nor an effect of circumstances that are long gone . 
  national identity is a real thing , and when nation refuses to accept that parts of.it 's history are badmit is very likely that children.will be thought in a way that will make another go at those things possible . 
  that 's why i do believe that nations as a whole should make effort to deal with their past . 
  hey , man !, 
  that was slightly insulting !, 
  #firstworldcountryproblems , 
  it 's not about blaming people for crimes of their ancestors , it 's about countries and peoples not being able to admit guild of those ancestors . 
  how one can assume that things like that wo n't happen again when even new generations do n't see those things as something particularly evil ? 
  i believe that coming to terms with your ancestor 's crimes is something * sine qua non * for building modern society . 
  germany is an obvious example of it done right , but i think that this process is much harder for nations that see themselves as victims rather than agressors throughout their history . 
  dark pages are then often treated with denial , or ( much , much worse ) seen as justified by horrors that happened to them . 
  those things have to be dealt with in some kind of national kathartic debate , or may explode later in most violent and morbid ways . 
  best enemies are the imaginary ones . 
  if you ca n't meet one , you cant realise that he is n't nearly as threatening as you were told . 
  you are n't supposed to reveal you top secret plans on reddit !, 
  if i were to travel to china with presentation `` 100 things you wanted to ~ ~ own in ~ ~ know about siberia but were always afraid to ~ ~ invade ~ ~ ask '' i would n't tell a soul !, 
  you might have stated it in your usual cuntish way , but i think that point is valid - quality of ukrainian army is somewere on a thin line between tragedy and comedy . 
  this `` ukrainian fascist '' ahit is getting old . 
  remember presidential elections few months back ? 
  both `` fascist '' candidates got less votes combined , than jewish candidate who was n't even campaigning . 
  half of eu countries have higher far-right support ... 
  it 's all about stance firm enough that russia will not gamble on eu/nato not lifting a finger . 
  putin talks a big talk , but even he has to realise that any military confrontation with either of those ca n't possibly end well for him . 
  if we keep letting things like that slide , we will discuss if it is worth to die for riga , soon enough . 
  click-baits are getting worse and worse here . 
  can we please have a rule against shitty titles like that ? 
  i guess there are worse ideologies to live by than neutrality . 
  so sanctions are working on their basic level ? 
  good . 
  that 's true . 
  some reasonable comments are getting downvoted to hell , but they are quite scarce .
