   so the standard narrative ` stay in the eu , it 's good for gdp ' did n't work . 
  and it wo n't . 
  people laughed at `` we had enough of experts '' bit , but there is a lot of sense in that approach when you focus your sights on economic so called `` experts '' . 
  almost 3 decades of pushing the fantasy that the economics is the exact science akin to math ( while it 's somewhere between social psychology and astrology ) has taken its toll . 
  people see that the neoliberal bullshit they 've been fed all that time turned out to be false and grown rightfully skeptical of those so called `` experts '' . 
  in case of brexit they happened to disregard an actual experts as well , but that 's hardly surprising , considering . 
  i 'm pretty certain that liberal/centrist rhetoric of economic discourse is utterly useless and if opposition against right-wingers will try to sell the same failed promises for the 30th year in the row they 'll only fuel the fire of right-wing support . 
  i 'd argue that in much of developed world the `` good old '' centrism and liberalism as we know it is dead , even if not yet buried and the only 2 ways forward are now either right-wingers or social-democrats/democratic socialists . 
  thing is , that in many places there is no strong non-centrist left making the efforts of current establishment clinging to power an active support for right-wing . 
  the way i see it people voted to leave as a way of flipping over the table after years of economical neglect . 
  famous last words of polish civic platform , british `` remain '' supporters and us democrats so far . 
  one wonders if liberal elites are capable of any degree of critical thinking anymore . 
  keeping uk-dependent tax havens running , not closing loopholes , race to the bottom , focusing more on welfare abuses than tax avoidance etc. 
  6 % of all budget revenue is n't exactly a `` tiny proportion '' . 
  that 's almost half of the education budget . 
  and it would have been much higher if it was n't sabotaged for decades now . 
  is it ? 
  do n't you guys have a 0 % tax rate that makes a significant part of a small business income tax free , especially once out deduct your costs and such . 
  usually the shortage in infrastructure and various services caused by the lack of funds caused by the lowered corp tax on big businesses is considered a much bigger burden on small businesses than whatever small gain such tax cut may bring them . 
  no as big of a trap as kaliningrad , to be honest . 
  sure , having iskanders there makes the potential first strike by russia that much more dangerous , but forces there are even more exposed to the nato ( counter ) attack . 
  unlike much of russian territory kaliningrad oblast is mapped out and surveyed by nato to the square centimeter level so putting too much hardware there does n't exactly makes a lot of military sense if one wanted to do some actually nasty things . 
  just keep in mind that they 've been ferrying those things around to and from kaliningrad , to and from belarus every few months for 2 decades or so . 
  i 've heard similar reports dozens of times . 
  so while it is indeed an idiotic act of sabrerattling it 's hardly something new , warranting in itself a twitchy response . 
  literally never heard anything to that effect . 
  not even from those absolutely nuts pro-lifers . 
  despicable thing , but how exactly has that anything to do with the topic at hand ? 
  channeling your inner lavrov ? 
  if you 're referring to the money they earned by publishing various ads and announcements made by government and government-controlled companies , then you fail to realize that they never even got % fo the pie relative to their position on the newspaper market . 
  dailies such as rzeczpospolita and dziennik always got more money that way compared to gw than their circulation suggests . 
  i 'm not a big fan of gw , hell i 'm a quite stern critic of theirs , but this whole `` took taxpayer money '' thing is a total bullshit . 
  where were they supposed to publish those announcements ? 
  yeah , that 's probably the best idea . 
  it 's not about how loud he talks , it 's about what he 's saying . 
  guy is an unapologetic nazi . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.rp.pl/kosciol/160929333-ks-miedlar-na-twitterze-zero-tolerancji-dla-zydowskiego-tchorzostwa.html ) is what he twitted after local prosecutor office dropped the charges of inciting ethnic violence during one of the rallies of his party , the [ onr ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/national_radical_camp_\\ ( 1993 \\ ) ) . 
  the twitt reads `` bialystyok charges dropped !, 
  zero tolerance for `` jewish cowardness '' !, 
  and includes a 1930s photo of polish fascist hailing . 
  this must be the sabbaton song with the worst fucking lyrics . 
  i understand that winged hussars are trendy these days . 
  good business etc , but could n't they spend more than half an hour writing it ? 
  damn , you 're right !, 
  back to the drawing board ... 
  does everyone hate it ? 
  an interesting idea , especially considering that otherwise it would hide important and interesting architecture adjacent to its current non-flat sides . 
  on the other hand such a big concrete square rub me a wrong way as well and i think it might have benefited from having a handful of trees planted on top of it . 
  but then again it would have obstructed the view i mentioned in the 1st paragraph . 
   ex post `` scientific '' theories about inevitability of wwi . 
  i know , right ? 
  bloody historians and their silly scientific method applied to the facts as we know them today , their pointless analysis of political decisions made by the various governments in days leading up the the start of the war , their feckless , heartless conclusions based on aforementioned . 
  fuck those academic tits - we know better !, 
  out of all the ways it can transpire one involving blocks of flats and efficient mass transportation is by far the best one . 
  and warsaw definitely lacks both apartments and space to build them closer to the city center . 
  by this logic government should only ever do what `` markets '' want it to . 
  i mean , this government has plenty shitty decisions to its name , as it is . 
  no need to make shit up or force corelation where there are n't any . 
  while i do n't want to get into the discussion if they should or should n't change it back , i 'm kinda puzzled how , in your opinion , either option can possibly affect 2017 gdp growth ? 
  common !, 
  that 's almost as petty as putin 's [ unity day ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/unity_day_\\ ( russia \\ ) ) holiday to commemorate driving us out of moskow :d i sure hope that this is n't some common knowledge in russia and you 're a history buff , since i 'm pretty sure that ~ 99 % of poles do n't know what prometheism is . 
  [ polish political project ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/prometheism ) aimed at dismantlement of russian empire and then soviet union by supporting separatist movements among non-russian peoples inhabiting it . 
  do you also think that taxes are theft ? 
  i 'm making a survey , since those two types of absolutist pseudo-intellectual drivel sure seems to go hand in hand a lot . 
  that 's vatican . 
  they would have been green , but governments suppressed the findings . #jesuisweebo, 
  i mean , sure it was not a forgone conclusion and they could have lost if they industrial game as well as ability to adapt was n't on point , but crediting lend-lease for it is outright silly . 
  only 2 % of all the lend-lease received by soviet union during wwii reached its ports by the end of '41 and * vast * majority of that was n't put to use till months later . 
  some equipment from the british was actually used in the last stages of stopping the initial barbarossa advance , but that 's about it . 
  the whole myth is actually very similar to the idea that uk was on its last legs and almost lost battle of britain . 
  the staggering german incompetence in areas of intelligence in regards but not limited to the estimation of enemy forces was a key factor here as well . 
  the root of those two misconceptions , as well as many others like that , is in a fact that dominant anglo-saxon historiography on the era - us one , had this stuff fed to them by captured german top brass and the cold war era did n't provide the environment for critical re-examination of the 40s and 50s conclusions . 
  edit : [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i98p1axqrum ) is a very good lecture on that last subject at us army command college , of all places . 
  and the rule of thumb is that if the army comes around on some historical subject it means that it was pretty damn obvious to anyone competent for at least 3 decades . 
  it 's almost as if they did n't have access to the german documents and had to estimate the strength of reich 's army , abundance of equipment as well as their industrial capacity using very little data . 
  that 's just not true at all , as far as any semi-modern scientific consensus is concerned . 
  the way historians have seen it for some time now is that the german loss was almost exclusively linked to how unprepared they were for the barbarossa and how they underestimated the ussr . 
  it is also pretty much a consensus that while us assistance sped up the war it , to our best knowledge , had no actual impact on its result , as far as germany is concerned . 
  by the time any significant lend-lease help reached soviet union the war was pretty much decided , as in germany had no chance whatsoever to shatter the soviets anymore and the war production both in terms of quantity and quality was on the soviet side as well . 
  and that 's even without mentioning resource and manpower disparity . 
  i 'm not a fun of the soviet union , not by a long shot , but the naked truth is , as far as we know it , that it was mostly them who defeated the germans and there is a loooooooong gap between 1st and 2nd place contributors here . 
  but in all seriousness everyone should watch [ the great war ] ( https://www.youtube.com/user/thegreatwar/ ) . 
  correct . 
  i must have tagged him as `` the_dimwits twat '' for a reason . 
   `` karl marx took dictation from djinns '' fame , if you did n't know you got socialist djinns ? 
  mad jealous . 
  i know , right ? 
  those lucky bastards who got to fight in that last good one - wwi . 
  is it ? 
  i find it quite fitting . 
  i do n't think you grasp the meaning of `` repair '' then . 
  arguing about it is like saying that calling earth `` round '' deliberately distorts reality making the sort-of-spherical-but-not-exactly argument look weak compared to the flat earth one . 
  one does n't keep flat earthers in mind when talking about such stuff , nor should be expected to consider ones thinking that privately financed healthcare or mass voodoo rituals are a reasonable solution . 
  if they actually planned it all as some kind of ruse , it is the dumbest political ploy ever . 
  protests may not have much in terms of political colors right now , but all of the ngos animating them are left-wing through and through and if it ends with snap elections left , if plays it right may be in position to grab a lot of pis voters forcing them to kiss the power goodbye . 
  it 's much more likely that parts of the party are slipping kaczy\u0144ski 's reins . 
   kukiz posted on fb he is happy duda vetoed this bill , so this basically ends this dicussion . 
  not really . 
  man changes his opinion twice a day . 
  we 're hearing that government was caught by it by surprise and that there is an absolute mayhem in the government right now with some siding with duda over kaczy\u0144ski .
