  even in a country that is among the most homogeneous on earth such as poland you will find tens of thousands of who lived here for decades or generations who would be outcasts in nationalistic state . 
  remaining jews , silesians , germans , kaszebi , tatars , lemkos , vietnamese who emigrated here in the 80s and their children , students from africa and middle east who came here during communism or in later years and stayed , numerous turkish or arab immigrants and so on . 
  and even if you do not care for such groups there are other also people of `` mixed ancestry '' . 
  my great grandmother was born german and has n't learned polish till she was in her teens . 
  she still sometimes struggled with it at the university . 
  my other great grandmother , from the other side of the family tree was a polish jew . 
  are my grandparents polish enough ? 
  are my parents ? 
  am i ? 
  if so , is my cousin who shares pretty much the same ancestry but lives is australia , got orphaned upon arrival there as a baby and never learned polish ? 
  is he polish to the same extent i am ? 
  is he not ? 
  a `` nation '' is a worthless , amorphous concept without any use except politics of hate . 
  it is also used to blind and confuse people who free of this madness could work towards what there really want - a country better for everyone . 
  not everyone who `` shares blood '' , but everyone who is a part of that society , who subscribes to the same social contract . 
  be it by being born into it , or by choice . 
  i do n't think that we have to dismantle our own states on a whim and merge into a bigger one outright . 
  not if we still are n't sure if we prefer the new social contract it may offer . 
  not if we still do n't know what it will be . 
  and we definitely should n't allow people who do not share our values to come and demand we change them . 
  be it from within or without . 
  but that should be the level and the topic of the debate about it - not some mythical `` nation '' and its genocidal spawn '' - ism '' . 
  it derives from wwi british anti-german propaganda . 
  we just meant to create a wave of nationalistic fervor and ride it just far enough to seize power . 
  i mean , come on people !, 
  do you think we wanted to deal with the aftermath ? 
  i find it interesting how in english the word `` race '' is used to describe various skin colors or even ethnolinguistic groups of humans . 
  in polish word `` race '' is reserved for animals such as dogs or cattle , and when talking about humans we just distinguish skin color and language ( group ) . 
  i do not like junker just like the next person , but this is the mess entirely of your own making . 
  half of the nation acting like spoiled brats what need to be pandered to over and over on an off-chance that it will be enough for them not to hurt themselves . 
  it 's unbecoming . 
  hey , perhaps that 's exactly what britain needed ? 
  something that will force it to look at the mirror ? 
  i mean , we in poland are n't paragons of self-reflection ourselves , but british level of delusions is some xix century shit . 
  thank god for russians - without them you 'd be the poster-boy of international onanism . 
  was n't it the first time ? 
  it is a very silly article , but i figured i 'll sell my dignity for some karma . 
  seems i was late for the brit-bashing train tho :(, 
  now when i think about it the % of poles in uk probably makes us eligible for at least few counties . 
  and it would be nice to partition someone for a change . 
  and an easy pray for politicians spewing nationalistic rhetoric dressed as solutions . 
  it 's a testament to a sorry state of british political debate and the `` accomplishments '' of labour over last few decades . 
  one of my friends commented that brexit was won by tony blair , and i do n't think he 's far off there . 
  is switzerland a fucking narnia or something ? 
  the amount of ignorant bullshit told about the country in last few weeks is astounding . 
  most important official languages in switzerland are german and french . 
  keep telling scots that and see how it goes . 
  it 's funny because it 's true . 
  i started watching black sails the other night and earlier today i had an unexplainable urge to burn , pillage and murder . 
  since there may or may not be a manhunt after me , can i get that snowden deal , please ? 
  i 'd say that the significant part of british population deserves the leave campaign to win . 
  hell , it would probably be beneficial for everyone involved in the long run , since the extent to which brits blame others ( be it immigrants or eu ) for their own failures is beyond grotesque . 
  i doubt it will pass without uk leaving the eu , so british society as a whole may simply need it . 
  especially since it has already reached the point of political murders . 
  while the show is so-so , the intro music is fucking glorious : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f5xc5czdats, 
  that 's not true at all . 
  sure , france had manpower problems but that 's the extent of correct information in your post . 
  the battle of france definitely was n't lost in 3 days ( lol !, 
  ) , well after the push through ardenes it was a cohesive fighting force that inflicted quite significant casualties against the germans . 
  for example germany lost 1/3 of all its tanks ( ~ 850/2500 ) in that campaign . 
  french also had better tanks and more of them , even before factoring in the british . 
  what ( mostly ) lost them the war so quickly was the same thing that lead to the downfall of poland - antiquated doctrine . 
  i ca n't even begin to right all misconceptions you wrote . 
  just read even a bloody wiki article or something before you post , will ya ? 
  i 'm pretty sure that uk had the only professional army in the world when ww1 started . 
  just a sidenote tho . 
  it 's understandable . 
  poles and czechs are just too handsome to resist . 
   why be so dramatically preoccupied with something you 'll never come across ? 
  beats me ... 
  do they ? 
  i fail to see how . 
  are you one of those people who thinks that the country is run from abroad ? 
  poland is struggling with serious pay problems . 
  in many parts of the country people are earning well under what is needed for them to survive . 
  according to recent government study that number is 2,5 million people atm . 
  their situation is categorized as `` severe poverty '' , an inability to meet `` existential needs '' . 
  on top of that job market is just atrocious and whole branches of the industry got hooked on low paid labor failing to adapt or innovate for over a decade now . 
  paint has been quickly peeling of our nice facade for over a year now and middle class is , perhaps , starting to realize that there are serious problems in this country that they failed to realize and/or perpetuated for last 25 years that are now coming out to bait them in the ass . 
  let 's face it , it 's only a very theoretical possibility . 
  if uk government even tried something like that the backlash would have been earthshattering . 
  i can , however , see them pander to the lowest instincts of their constituents by hinting at it . 
  more likely did n't realize that ought to not have one to do that job , but yeah . 
   if you wear a skirt to school as a boy , it will no doubt hurt you . 
  this is such a shitty and overused argument . 
  `` boys should be forbidden to wear skirts . 
  those children would be bullied at school '' `` homosexual couples should n't be allowed to adopt children . 
  those children would be bullied at school '' . '', 
  mixed couples should n't be allowed to have kids . 
  those children would be bullied at school '' `` foreigners ' and colored people 's kids should n't be allowed in schools . 
  those children would be bullied at school . '', 
  '' children without noble birth ... '', 
  is it ? 
  how do you define `` a lot '' in this case ? 
  british cartoons seem to be almost as sophisticated as their drinking habits . 
  i would n't go as far . 
  sure some people still have that attitude , but it is by no means a prevalent one . 
  a noisiest one perhaps , but the obnoxious ones are always the most visible . 
  ... but lack any semblance of intellect to do so ? 
  ... but lack any semblance of intellect to do so ?
