  then again - that probably is n't something to be done outright . 
  ---------------- all in all many of those ideas seem like a madness to a number of poles , since we 've been subject to strict neo-liberal diet for quarter a century now . 
  but as a matter of fact , almost all of those ideas come either from other eu countries of from works of renowned economists , like noble-winner stiglitz . 
  for example ? 
  i happen to agree with the most , so perhaps i can give you a reasoning behind those . 
  most of them are based on working examples in other countries or at least pretty mainstream ideas . 
  mainstream outside our neo-liberal bubble , that is . 
  i 'd hate to have him as pm since i see him as ideologically blinded man stuck in early 90s . 
  petru , on the other had seems a bit more in touch with reality , so if neo-liberal hysteria has to have a face , i 'd prefer it to be him . 
  i 'd really prefer someone more kynesian . 
  joseph stiglitz-like , but i 'm afraid we are a bit out of those kinds of academics . 
   man , i 'd so like to vote for a leftist party but all of them are either populists , old establishment post communists or farmers . 
  exactly the reason i was voting po for the last decade . 
   why ca n't we get a socialist/social liberal party the likes of the scandinavian ones ? 
  well , we do have something resembling podemos in the making . 
  and i do think that is has future . 
  mostly made of 25-40 year-olds and grows by the day . 
  well , his only political proposal ( jow ) is a perfect way to perpetuate exactly the thing he 's against ( po-pis dichotomy ) . 
  he is an absolutely awful politician . 
  it 's a territory where most of polish orthodox christians live and they are traditionally more left wing than catholics . 
  and i assume they are n't biggest fans of pro-catholic stance of polish conservatives . 
  orange = lesser evil blue = bigger evil those elections alone were not all that important tho . 
  more important is a fact that ruling party po seems to have started falling apart sooner and faster than anyone expected . 
  they ruled for 8 years , but with donald tusk in brussels it seems like they ca n't wipe their asses without a map . 
  and since po is ( was ? ), 
  a party of a very wide center ( from center-left to center-right ) and remnants of current left wing parties are pretty much done for , there seems to be a room for a few more specialized parties to take po 's place in next elections , or at least bite off chunks of them , if they manage to keep it more or less togather for the next few months . 
  that probably meens that conservative pis will win the next elections , but may also mean that new , `` sharper '' and competent parties like liberal nowoczesna.pl and socialist razem can move polish politics forward after over a decade of stalemate . 
  or various populists and unspecified `` change '' movements can win the day . 
  time will tell , but parlementry elections in autumn will be plenty interesting . 
   if you are really interested in details let me know . 
  sure , why not . 
  it may be interesting . 
  and as far as duda not being pawlowicz ? 
  sure , few people are as bad as her , but answer me this - how much trust can you put in a man that associates himself with like of paw\u0142owicz , macierewicz , or indeed jaros\u0142aw kaczy\u0144ski ? 
  i ca n't seem to find it now , but few weeks back i stumbled upon an interview with duda where he fully supports the rethoric that pis ' political enemies are indeed enemies of the country and/or parasites and/or traitors and/or sellouts . 
  and not only that - their voters are anti-polish as well . 
  i consider this kind of discourse used by pis one of the most dangerous and anti-state things a politician can do . 
  far more damaging in a grand scheme of things than some shitty environmental bill . 
  i disagree with poon many , many things but claiming that they are actively trying to destroy the country or `` the nation '' , stealing election and whatnot ? 
  this is outright disgusting and a political barbarism . 
  geralt is n't politically stupid , so no . 
  `` wprost '' has those recordings for almost a year now . 
  and yet they fail to provide a single piece of government-damning evidence . 
  out of hundreds upon hundreds hours of recordings of private conversations . 
  if anything that whole affair proves that po officials are one of the most honest politicians alive . 
  despite being moronic pr-wise . 
  that sounds interesting . 
  do tell . 
  i hear he 's a lizardman from alpha centauri as well . 
  sure , that 's just a speculation , but has about as much evidence as your 's . 
   quite renowned investigative journalist wojciech sumli\u0144ski calling him `` quite renowned investigative journalist '' , is like calling macierewicz `` world-famous air disaster expert '' . 
  this kind of cynical voting brought orban to power in hungary . 
  great job - keep that up !, 
  but then again , 5 years of pis circus should be enough to elect biedro\u0144 in 2020 . 
  pity he was n't running this year . 
  having a left wing candidate would be nice . 
  that was a fucking joke - . -, 
  i suspect duda of quite a few things , but having a spine , is very low on that list . 
  perhaps i 'm mistaken , but i see him as an ideologically driven man , not a state - or legally-minded one . 
  his education shows some promise , but i ca n't help but remember , that his colleague - paw\u0142owicz , is not a mere doctor but a professor of law !, 
  would you like her to be a president on that merit as well ? 
  and what were those awful laws that komorowski signed ? 
  i might have missed them , so could you please list several ? 
  anti-corruption political witchhunts that yielded no results , beyond destroying some lives . 
  full infrastructure investment stop . 
  massive waste of eu funds . 
  lpr 's changes to education , only prevented by the fall of the government . 
  dismemberment of military intelligence . 
  diplomacy of being constantly offended . 
  mindless pro-americanism and counter-productive anti-europeism . 
  that 's what i can recall in 3 minutes during lunch break . 
  it was quite a while ago . 
  sure , just rub that right-wing clown we chosen yesterday in . 
  just rub it in !, 
  ** asshole !, 
   i 'm from warsaw , i 'm 26 yo and i voted for duda like majority of young people did . 
  i hope he 's going to be a good president , though i 'm certain that he will be better than mr komorowski - after all , it 's not that hard . 
  i 'm also glad to that it was the first time elections in poland were influenced so much by the new media ( fb , twitter etc. ), 
  it 's about time for the new generation to step in . 
  it really does boggle my mind . 
  can you explain what was so bad about komorowski that it 's worth it to wake up to headlines like those : '' [ premierem b\u0119dzie kaczy\u0144ski . 
  for next five fucking years ? 
  i 'm not actually a happy komorowski , or po voter , but i fail to notice how duda is supposed to be a solution to anything . 
  his views , if he indeed has them , are outright regressive . 
  what exactly made you vote for him ? 
  true that . 
  hmm , i must have missed this issue . 
  fair enough - guess he has some qualities , polityka would n't prise him for nothing , that 's for sure . 
  let 's say that people have about as much love for miller and sld here , as for pis . 
  without a doubt . 
  i disagree with komorowski on most of subjects , but voted for him regardless . 
  not sure how throwing a tantrum and voting for pis could possibly help anyone . 
  as for alternatives i for one recently became a supporter and then a member of [ this party ] ( http://partiarazem.pl/program/ ) . 
  i do hope it will become recognizable enough for left-minded people to have something to vote for . 
  yes , obviously . 
  but it may gain such a party a bit of sympathy from liberal voters . 
  and let 's not give po too much credit - they sure as hell did n't turn socialist . 
  if anything , they realized that one specific proposal or another does n't make a lot of sense ( at all or at the time ) passed on it . 
  as i see it rising minimal wage is a necessity , but i ' really not sure if i want bloody pis behind it ... 
  i really hope that [ razem ] ( http://partiarazem.pl/program/ ) will gain enough recognition to become a left wing alternative before the parliamentary elections .
