  i 'd kill for decent opposition tho . 
  especially left wing one . 
  let 's not get ahead of ourselves . 
  there is literally no movement supporting criminalization of homosexual sex . 
  i have never heard anyone advocating that . 
  i doubt that if someone actually brought it up and suggested more than few % would support that idea . 
  it wo n't stay that way too long with ~ 60 % of country still high on neoliberalism . 
  do you * really * think that portugal , of all places , would be flooded with those immigrants ? 
  how about we wo n't teach you how to hide stolen money , and you wo n't teach us how to conduct foreign policy ? 
  i do n't think even russian government can draw the line linking visa lifting and war with russia . 
  they did . 
  it was n't in ireland . 
  and people wonder why i think that politicians who want an implementation of single-member district voting in poland are utter morons ... 
  what is your opinion on secession of south sudan and the war that accompanied it . 
  what should have been done better in the past and perhaps what should be done about it now ? 
  what are the views of people there ? 
  what 's `` very negative '' tho ? 
  on a scale between `` we shall not invite them to dinner '' and `` we have to kill them all '' . 
   they aslo like how he has really helped the syrian rebels . 
  is helping syrian rebels still considered a good idea in light of isis that sprung up from those ? 
  what is the opinion of isis in your country ? 
  here they are considered basically the worst thing since nazis , if not worse than them . 
  it should make you appreciate the fact that in real life we have n't expanded westward at the time , 
  i guess , but still - what the fucking year it is ? 
  in [ my town ] ( https://www.google.pl/maps/@51.3539917,19.3490942,8806m/data=!3m1!1e3 ) there were a dozen park * created * in the last decade . 
  the one above i written on my phone , hence i tried to keep it short . 
  i 'm sorry - rome as a whole is a massive subject and i sually try to keep it simple on reddit since it all interconnects to such extent that every simple explanation sooner rather than later becomes an article . 
  i took your advice and written a detailed comment under his video asking him to make another video correcting the mistakes . 
  we 'll see if he cares about getting his facts straight . 
  i think you are n't reading what i 'm writing . 
  the guy in the video is talking about the republic . 
  in my very 1st post i wrote that they known greek and could read greek texts . 
  as a matter of fact most of the east of the empire since 1 century ad spoken almost exclusively greek . 
  so they were , as a matter of fact , ruled by predominantly latin speakers . 
  as centuries went by the weight of the empire was slowly but surely shifting east especially since by 3rd . century most emperors were too busy fighting in the east to reside in rome . 
  still , the elite was n't predominantly greek for quite long time . 
  by 2nd . century very significant number of senators origined from galia ( as seen due to sharing names with tiberius , since it was he who granted them citizenship ) that had , for almost its whole roman history little to no greek tradition . 
  so summing it all up : empire was bilingual almost from the very start , and the languages predominantly spoken by its ruling class varied from one period to another , but always then significant amount of its citizens spoken exactly the same language as ruling class . 
  frankly i ca n't think of a single time in roman history for which this video is n't simply untrue . 
  as i said.right from the start - / r/shittyhistory plain and simple . 
  if you do n't believe me , go and provide my answers to review bt / r/askhistorians, 
  that 's 200 years the other way and books i looked into claim that the reason behind his punic war history being in greek was the fact that it was aimed at hellenic readers , as a propaganda piece of a sort . 
  what points in that direction , among other things is for example a fact that author used greek weight , measures and dating system . 
  a bit later polybios who also written his books in greek , was greek himself . 
  basically what i 'm saying here is that in 100 bc - 100 ad greek was not a language a significant number of roman aristocracy would use in they day to day life to communicate with they peers . 
  many of them known greek , and * some * were , to some extent under a heavy influence of greek culture ( we know it from kind of `` o tempora , o mores '' complains about it ) , but there is literally no evidence supporting the theory that it was even remotely as widespread as an author of this video claims . 
  well , obviously . 
  it 's polish vodka , not some russian oven cleaner . 
  that 's late 2nd century ad . 
  author of this video talks.about events in `` rome '' tv-series that happened over 200 years earlier . 
  as you can probably imagine , almost no simple statement is true for the whole period of rome 's existence . 
  we have a number of personal letters by cicero to other members of the elite . 
  no greek there whatsoever . 
  literally nothing supports that theory , beyond the fact that the author likes it . 
  i 'm literally going to bed in this very moment , so leg me just list a few authors from 1 century bc : caesar - in latin crispus - in latin nepos - in latin atticus - in latin varro - in latin livius - in latin vergilius - in latin and so on and so forth . 
  i literally ca n't think of a single roman author who written in greek at the time . 
  that 's for today . 
  if you want more detail answer you 'll have to wait till tomorrow . 
  if so please specify what kind of sources do you have in mind . 
  this theory for the timeframe of late republic and very early principat has no sense whatsoever . 
  greek at the time was in roman society more like french in early modern times or to some extent english these days - you would know it in order to read greek texts and sometimes to communicate with foreigners ( but practically only of greek variety ) . 
  idea that roman elites were speaking greek on day to day basis is just plain stupid . 
  has no basis in sources and there plentiful sources that support the opposite version . 
  for starters contemporary roman literature was written in latin . 
  that 's a fact . 
  also politics of the city required constantly appealing to the masses . 
  not using latin would have been simply impossible . 
  / r/shittyhistory plain and simple . 
  oh , this is definitely a very good and not pricey stuff . 
  you clearly do n't visit / r/russia enough . 
  that has been our ultimate goal all along !, 
  what brands ? 
  yeah , intermarum may look nice.in a hindsight , but interbellum was a bad time for such ideas since nationalist fevers ran at all time high . 
  idea has been , however , built upon post war and gave.birth to giedroyc doctrine that was the operational one since 1989 . 
  it has been immensely successful in early 90s in preventing central-eastern europe from becoming another balkans , but squared . 
  timothy snyder explains it very well in his book on central europe . 
  time will tell if it will loop back towards more federationist goals once again once situation in the region develops and if greater regional cooperation will become necessary . 
  you have to fatten them up 1st , obviously . 
  that was clownism , not facism . 
  the story seems like bullshit . 
  fuck , he 's onto us !, 
  ^ ^ abort !, 
  ^ ^ abort !, 
  yeah , right . 
  copyright . 
  originally copyright lasted only a few years and was created to allow creators make money for the period of time required to create another piece . 
  what we have now with selling copyrights and grandchildren living off authors work is crazy in my opinion . 
  we should get back to a few year copyright , maybe with some very low % of profits past its expiration going to the author , but that 's about it . 
  same with patents - today 's system outright hinders innovation , by locking up important bits that could have been build upon for decades and cementing the market since new companies have to spent absurd amounts of money to have access to even the very basic building blocks of a potential product in some fields . 
  and it mostly affects developed/western countries , since russia , india or china hardly give a shit out those laws if they do n't suit them . 
  and even if some possible inventions/research are more costly than possible 5 year profits i do think that in today 's market 5 year headstart in something is more than enough to secure a position granting sizable profits for years to come even when the commodity is n't legally locked up anymore . 
   er , patents are intellectual property rights . 
  i have a brain fart - what 's the english name of rights to works of fiction ? 
  that 's what i meant . 
  maybe not `` business practices '' , but `` legal practices '' actually . 
  i mean the use of patents in regards to gmo crops . 
  but then again , in my opinions patents should expire after 5 , maybe 10 years tops , just like intellectual property rights . 
   it 's bad , but better than not knowing if what you 're buying is gmo or not . 
  you are buying gmo . 
  almost everything you eat is gmo .
