  do n't we have a full armoury of those smoking guns by now ? 
  by whom and over what ? 
  interesting data . 
  high scores of germany , and especially portugal are surprising . 
  highest score of sweden too . 
  many poles actually know some ukrainians and we have a lot of common history together , unlike sweden . 
  funny enough with current numbers of operational armor on both sides `` from warsaw to berlin in one tank '' seems more plausible than another way around . 
  so yeah , they should really step it up . 
  it 's unnatural !, 
  if we are to base our action on not giving putin excuses to make up bullshit stories , then we should probably start by all of us shooting ourselves in the mouth . 
  case and point this article . 
  many of them are just kids being sent more or less against their will or being brainwashed into agreeing , so hold your horses a little bit , will ya ? 
  let 's not pretend that todays russian army is made of similar individuals like red army in first half of previous century . 
  think less mongol hordes and more casual dota players . 
  they are being sold . 
  both germany and netherlands were let with huge stockpiles of tanks once cold war ended and since leopard 2s are still one of the best mbts other countries interested in their territorial defence ( like poland ) are buying . 
  i 've read a short article in polish press about german military the other week and conclusion there was that it is in disarray . 
  only several aircraft are fit for service , both politicians and army itself bends over backwards to avoid operations that may involve killing etc. 
  it was an opinion piece , not an analysis tho , so i do n't know how accurate it is, 
  mostly germans are against it as far as i know . 
  poland would welcome germany stepping up in regards to their military . 
  for obvious reasons . 
  yes . 
  and my point was that those who attack military targets are n't terrorists . 
  chechens used to do exactly that but then some of them crossed said line . 
  i was writing both comments on the phone so i skipped buts , althoughs , ifs and therefores , and instead went for compact and simple ( or so i thought ) message . 
  instead i 've written `` it 's way off the line . '', 
  meaning that in my opinion it is n't freedom-fighting anymore as well as `` if i had to choose '' ( on top of simply stating that `` not saying that 9/11 was n't bad '' and in obvious way simplifying pool of victims . 
  next time , please once again read what is written and stick to that , instead of wasting yours and mine time by creating rebuttal aimed at nothing . 
  once again : you are either imagining things or have trouble reading . 
  either way let 's just remember that orban , no matter how much of a dick he is , has relatively little in common with assad . 
  are you addicted to being offended on the internet , so you make up the meaning of others ' comments to that end ? 
  you should probably see a doctor . 
  or simply learn to read . 
  you realise that this thread is about the very same thing , right ? 
  i 'm not sure if it is a time and a place for debates like that ... 
  not saying that 9/11 was n't bad , just children  bankers if i have to choose . 
   you changed your original post . 
  the one with no asterisks that are always there if you edit your post more than a minute after originally posting it ? 
  like the one next to the date on this post , i 'm responding to . 
   accuse russia and russian people for the dead of these children withuot explaning a single true fact , all this to spread more hate towards this country . 
  pladimir_vutin surely has little love for russia ( and his point was simplified in a way that may aggravate ) , but in this case he was making a point about russian authorities in beslan ( or higher up the chain of command ) having too little regard for human live in that crisis . 
  russian , civilian human right . 
  i do n't get it . 
  russian governemnt officials ! = russia or all the russians , right ? 
  so what 's so anit-russian in criticising them for causing many unnecessary russian deaths ? 
  and clearly no one criticising had common policeman in mind , but people who were giving orders , or were responsible to training . 
  because it 's quite clear that * someone * fucked up . 
  following the logic you presented here you 'd have to call mothers of beslan and other groups like that anti-russian . 
  i do n't think that is the case . 
  lines like that are always blurred . 
  one man 's terrorist is another man 's freedom fighter , but in this case , in my opinion , it 's way off the line . 
  i think you are seeing anti-russian bias when there is n't one . 
  in post you are responding to i have n't mentioned a thing about spetsnaz . 
  but how can criticising security forces of causing russian civilian casualties , even be anti-russian ? 
  i 'd say that desire for more hostages to survive is pretty normal and criticising authorities in situations like that is understandable . 
  no matter they nationality . 
  do you think that if thing like that happened in poland people would n't want to see special forces ' commanders hanging from the nearest tree ? 
  criticising authorities for fuckups ( and it was a fuckup , according to numerous russian reports ) like that is the way to make them perform better next time . 
  i really fail to see how is it anti-russian . 
  so it 's us too ? 
  i thought that eu was the devil incarnate . 
  actually , are any hungarian problems ever considered hungarian fault , as of late ? 
  that 's actually very on point . 
  who the hell watches mtv anymore ? 
  plays `` microsoft game '' because `` it is cool '' ? 
  actually remembers the brand of their sports footwear ? 
  it 's actually quite impressive to fit so much stupidity in such a short piece . 
  mongolia too !, 
  ( kind off ), 
  well , people have problem comprehending that associating nationality with ethnicity is n't even 200 years old and keep getting confused about multiethnic countries of the past . 
  yeah , right . 
  i recall specnaz being fucking awful at their job . 
  i remember that . 
  possibly the most awful terrorist attack to date . 
  that seems like ramblings of not very smart 14yo . 
  hey , i 'm just asking questions . 
  not telling you that you should or should n't do something . 
  however carving up europe via ethnic lines served us all well for last 70 years or so . 
  frankly for a pole , despite the fact that turkey is well liked here , kurdish side of the story is.more appealing . 
  fighting for their own country , one nation under the rule of several states , quite moderate and not too religion driven . 
  it all pulls many familiar strings . 
  is n't there some compromise to be had ? 
  turkey supports creation of independent kurdistan on its iraq lands in exchange for it recognizing border as it is now ? 
  or creating vast kurdish autonomy within turkey and adding iraq-kurdish landsmto it.if iraq was to be split . 
  for the distance it seems like turkey and kurds are two most stable and trustworthy elements.in the region and potential . 
  peace and cooperation between them could be.very beneficial for the whole area . 
  whole `` core europe '' idea puts us in poland in peculiar position . 
  on one hand we are quite interested in deeper integration while providing some `` slow lane '' for countries like uk , but on the other we do n't want to risk joining euro zone while it 's so unstable and so soon after the crisis . 
  tho those specific ideas would probably go the long way towards making euro safer . 
  so even iraq as a failed state and is on your borders is considered better than giving up some of the territory in order to create moderate andstable partner ? 
  are territories in turkey kurds lay claim on like 90 % kurdish , or.kurds are minority in some of them ? 
  i mean , is it keeping land for the sake of keeping land or there is sizable turkish population there ? 
  about that . 
  is turkish opinion on the matter of independent kurdistan changing or still the same `` no '' ? 
  is n't la republica one.of the top italian newspapers ? 
  and accusing italians of russophobia is like accusing them of eating too little carbs . 
  war is not about dying for something . 
  it 's about making others die for their thing . 
  you 've been doing it wrong all that time !,
