  check out `` ofe . 
  katastrofa prywatyzacji emerytur w polsce '' by sgh 's prof. leokadia oredziak , or look for press articles/interviews on the subject with her . 
  while i 'm very , very , very far from being a po voter or fan this is not true at all . 
  the shit pis is pulling is waaaaaay beyond what the previous government was doing . 
  zus is in reality a part of taxation system and therefore guaranteed by government . 
  it * literally * ca n't go bankrupt without the whole country going bankrupt . 
  it boggles my mind how rarely that simple and yet very important fact is mentioned when zus is discussed in the media . 
  it has been in the red for years and it is a standard procedure that missing funds are provided by the government . 
  and there is noting weird about it considering how the system is designed , our demographics and a fact that so many people are n't adding to zus when they are `` hired '' on junk contracts . 
  government has be literally subsidizing crooked entrepreneurs for years by allowing for this junk contracts cancer to spread . 
  and for one razem has fairly complete plan on how to deal with retirement system design flaws , insufficient tax revenue , prohibitive zus costs for entry level entrepreneurs as well as illegal hiring practices . 
  alright , alright - i exaggerated . 
  they clearly are n't nearly as big . 
  some hills are reported to almost as big as / u/jebusgobson 's mom !, 
  how about we focus on that democracy of ours and leave slamming us for leisure time ? 
  and what that has anything to do with the mess we have in poland right now ? 
  weird thing to get annoyed about . 
  how about just getting annoyed over the state of said democracy ? 
  your point being ... ? 
  according to an update posted by the organizer :  the generosity has been overwhelming . 
  the donations have surpassed all expectations . 
  thank you all so much !, 
  the shop owners insist that they only need a small amount to restore their business . 
  the rest will be donated to charity . 
  i will post details of the chosen charity once i 've spoken with the village shop . 
   and the currency is n't 1:1 you 're right . 
  i had to check tho . 
  how such idea even comes to you over such incident ? 
  i mean ... seriously ? 
  how on fucking earth would more bigoted arsonists be an answer to anything ? 
  another arson ? 
  could you at least make sure that a person who becomes a next pm is n't a painter ? 
  i 'm not saying that being a tax haven should be considered a valid casus belli , but ... 
  and now you sound like you 'd welcome a rematch !, 
   that being said , glass + steel is still far more preferable to the brutalism of the communism era . 
  that 's your problem right there !, 
  :d brutalism and modernism are an acquired taste !, 
  neoclassicism  brutalism  modernism  glass & steel for me . 
  things are being renovated and replaces all the time , but it takes a while . 
  and it 's quite easy to find a better thing to spend money on than a bit ugly , but serviceable sidewalk , i guess . 
  unless you 're talking about uneven stones [ like those ones ] ( http://previews.123rf.com/images/nomadsoul1/nomadsoul11303/nomadsoul1130300737/18288631-granite-paving-background-or-texture-stock-photo.jpg ) . 
  we just like them this way . 
  no , i 'm pretty sure that 's one of the [ pesa ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pesa_sa ) trams . 
  possibly [ this model ] ( http://www.pesa.pl/please-translate-in-en_us-produkty/trams/swing/ ) . 
   i 've seen far more gated communities in warsaw than in stockholm for instance . 
  child 's disease of capitalism that we are , hopefully getting over . 
  especially since crime is almost nonexistent these days . 
   the difference between the lower-middle and upper-middle neighborhoods is much bigger than in stockholm . 
  mostly on the surface tho . 
  save few seriously neglected parts prices of apartments in the old commie blocks and in new apartment buildings barely differ when in comparable locations . 
  reality is that those buildings are perfectly fine after some renovation and most of them have or are undergoing that . 
  and they are often a better places to live due to fitting better into surroundings . 
  source : i 'm looking for an apartment to buy atm . 
  this whole `` can into x '' thing actually became quite popular in poland as of late . 
   they 're subsidised by the uk to the tune of # 11bn . . who is going to pick up that bill ? 
  not that it stopped anyone before ... coughwalescough, 
  usual excuses !, 
  wait ... why is n't everyone freaking out over statement that to become british pm you need to be pre-approved by murdoch ? 
  well , that is just a scientific fact . 
  good . 
  that was my initial assessment as well , when i was listening to people prophesying that eu will start to unravel . 
  no it wo n't . 
  not after this shit-show . 
  i do , however , hope that this coming together wo n't be coupled with increased reluctance to reform . 
  there has been statements from polish meps that this is n't a good time to change anything and i find that both incredibly stupid and disturbing . 
  on the other hand mutti seems to have said something about junker having to go . 
  either way interesting times ahead . 
  not to put on a tinfoil hat , but it does n't seem out of the realms of possibility that they 've asked him later if he 'd mind and he said `` sure , as long as you are ready to face the heat , since i 'll deny it '', 
  uk politicians in or soon to be in charge seem to be really , really , really dumb , but not nearly dumb enough to try to expel eu citizens living in the uk . 
  that would be borderline suicidal . 
  can you even imagine that ? 
  the backlash from it would made brexit vote aftermath look like child 's play . 
   rigid labour market  strong unions except , [ not at all ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4r4lkr/growth_in_real_per_capita_gdp_from_1995_to_2014/d4yl9nf ) . 
   unwillingness to reform due to politicial business interests  corruption meaningless soundbites . 
  those 2 factors plagued and continue to plague every country in existence . 
   high taxes more like inability and/or unwillingness to force industry , financial institutions and other rich entities to pay them . 
   unsustainable government spending ( classical europe ) mostly caused by flawed euro design forcing `` one for all '' monetary policy that benefits stronger northern economies in times of crisis . 
  that coupled with having to cut government spending during crisis is an inescapable trap . 
  severity of 2008 collapse impact can be easily liked to the harshness of austerity measures . 
  countries that were willing to finance themselves with dept at the time fared much better . 
  i mean , i 'm for hanging bankers as much as the next guy , but ca n't really keep a straight face when a brit is lecturing eu , or anyone for that matter , about being ran by big business and banks . 
  you realize that you are a poster child for destructive neoliberalism and financial market self-rule , right ? 
  but this is an awful way to go about it . 
  the worst fucking one . 
  with this amount fo crying `` wolf '' followed by nothing much happening , since there is n't a real danger right now , people will be much more likely to ignore a real threat when one comes along . 
  big words are a limited resource . 
  if you go straight for the biggest ones at first sign of trouble , you 're going to be miserably ineffective when things escalate . 
  nicely done bulgaria !, 
  persian . 
  he has a good neutral perspective from a distance . 
  to say that assumption you make about those groups having similar opinions or goals is absurdly simplified is to say nothing . 
  i 'm pretty sure that if i were to ask my cat about this he would provide similar insight . 
  most likely . 
  i think that he had some problematic comments as well as photos with celtic cross etc. 
  so i guess it all has come together . 
  really good food labeling regulations . 
  you know what you eat . 
  and here i was hoping for a coup d'etat in the making or something but it is just a disagreement :( charm of the brexit is fading , i need another drama !, 
  italy always plays slow defense and fast offense kind of football and that 's how it looks . 
   everyone in iceland plays in a death band it is known .
