  so they 're racist at that ? 
  i assume not , so what exactly makes them akin to le pen , because it 's not really clear to me . 
  or you just consider social-democratic and socialist policies populist ? 
  well , sure - such blanket statements are always false when facing such scrutiny and are rarely meant to be taken literally . 
  that being said i can think of quite a few politicians who are in politics for what they consider the good of the country that i 'd really , * really * really would n't like to see in power since their understanding of the good of the country borders on opposite to mine . 
  but i do wholeheartedly agree that devolving the debate into throwing accusation that one side or the other is secretly plotting to destroy the state is indeed a very bad thing . 
  so basically blairite , spd , hollande etc. 
  kind of deal ? 
  do n't you have something more akin to purple socialist parties ? 
  well , depends if that 's supposed to mean `` all politicians '' or `` the `` politicians currently in power aka establishment '' . 
  and since all the entities to the right are clearly made of politicians as well it clearly did n't have the 1st option in mind . 
  now i 'm interested in your opinion about portuguese the wars in angola and mozambique . 
  was that the part of those counties golden ages as well ? 
  beyond what was already mentioned i can name off the top of my head thea : the awakening , superhot , vanishing of ethan carter , shadow warrior , call of juarez , hard reset and earth 21x0 series . 
  from what i hear he was also behind stalin 's rise to power . 
  that 's actually my point . 
  i disagree with our refugee policy and to large extent with our climate policy , but here we really do lack funds to do it much better . 
  especially since overwhelming majority of co2 emissions still comes from the [ non-energy sectors richer eu countries ] ( https://youtu.be/-ubmg8gtbpm?t=54m14s ) , rather then out coal powerplants . 
  i still find the `` representing national interest '' that deeply hurts the rest of eu deplorable . 
  we seem to follow that logic on topics such as climate change , but when it comes to taxes its suddenly `` every man for himself '' . 
  also , all that tax money not going to the governments might have been spent on curbing pollution . 
  outright heresy !, 
  we can rebuild it !, 
  we have the technology !, 
  being poor in country with and without social safety nets and universal healthcare are two very different things . 
   rednecks/trailer trash if you are n't too thrilled by the election results you may want to stop calling them that . 
  `` free speech '' amounts individuals not being persecuted by their governments based on their opinions . 
  and even that in most countries does n't include things such as inciting violence , hate speech , advocating a violent overthrow of government etc. 
  what one can and can not write on facebook , reddit or hellokittyjunkies.com has nothing to do with free speech . 
  for the most egregious cases it really is n't . 
  `` political x said on press conference that y '' . 
  --  no he has n't . 
  `` faz reported that 1000 cases of rape happaned during christmas '' --  no it did n't . 
  it 's quite simple , actually . 
  chasing around hundreds of trolls and propagandists is outright unfeasible while making facebook police their own backyard is fairly straightforward . 
  thanks . 
  why not . 
  as a historian i actually read articles in languages i do n't know all the time . 
  could you link them ? 
  really ? 
  i mean were hardly russophiles either , but i 'm yet to encounter a reaction like that . 
  english way of using quotations when reporting on something or someone being called something . 
  weird manner indeed . 
  actually by far the most commom season greeting is `` weso\u0142ych \u015awi\u0105t '' meaning `` happy holidays '' , and people more often than not refer to is as `` holidays '' . 
  i know thats the meme , but has anyone actually had tgeir limb cut off in recent history ? 
  while kr\u00f3lewiec / karaliau\u010dius / k\u00f6nigsberg mean pretty much the same the k in kaliningrad is unrelated since it was named after [ mikhail kalinin ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mikhail_kalinin ) . 
  it 's czechland . 
   the term means dislike between races , in collective approach . 
  no , no - it needs to be something that produces actual issues and in this case ones that are affecting the society as a whole . 
  ones based on the color of people skins . 
   because so far you have deducted , that there were no racial tensions between germans and jews before the war and during the holocaust ... have i ? 
   it is n't really a thing anymore on a societal level anyway , i need to get to work , so i 'll need to and with this . 
   like upgrading from lada to bugati i would n't know . 
  we do n't have those knock off buga * tt * is over here . 
  as in if they were fighting to end the systemic underdevelopment of mostly black urban areas or the justice system bias ? 
  i guess they would n't be . 
  but that 's not my point - term `` racial tension '' is , unlike `` nationalist tension '' or `` religious tension '' , a big and therefore meaningless umbrella for a plethora of issues that are also often misattributed to race . 
  that i 'm saying is that while something that you may call as racial tension , so for example whites and black hating eachother for their whiteness and blackness may and probably does appear on micro scale it is n't really a thing anymore on a societal level . 
  otherwise it stands to reason it would also appear in other similar societies with white majority and black minority like for example uk . 
  lack of both what some would call `` racial tension '' and the real reasons behind those problems in , among other places , above-mentioned uk seem to prove that that 's not the actual thing , but , as i said , a fairly useless simplification , a false umbrella - no significant tensions or issues on a level of a society arise from sole coexistence of different races . 
  existence of racism or hypothetical lack thereof is irrelevant here . 
   there is racism and right . 
  you may want to try give the understanding of that logic one more crack . 
  hint : were talking about `` tensions '' as social phenomena . 
  as in phenomena we can see when examining society as a whole . 
  not everything that happens to to every person . 
  there is racism and there is an economical disenfranchisement and strife that either separately or together cause various problems , but no , i would n't call it `` racial tension '' , as in tension caused by people being of different races . 
  unlike when it comes to different religions and different nationalities where those very things are the cause of the tension . 
  and italians . 
  i think you mean no religious , or nationalist tensions . 
  and low income inequality . 
  i ca n't think of a single `` racial '' act of terrorism . 
  nor i think `` racial tension '' is a thing . 
  that was n't really specifically aimed at you , so you can stop acting like a cunt over me not appreciating your very insightful `` it 's getting dark , fast . '', 
  comment . 
  no it is not . 
  the same way shooting of franz ferdinand was n't the cause of wwi this wo n't be the cause for another war . 
  such events are always only excuses used by the wronged nation if it already wanted to go to war in the first place . 
  have n't we covered it when that mig got shot down ? 
  the level of ignorance displayed by so many otherwise smart people when it comes to such basic historical mechanics never ceases to amaze me . 
  but that 's the tabloidization of historical education for you , i guess ... 
  so what you 're saying is that we need ko\u015bciuszko to do some hanging ? 
  i can get behind that . 
  this is really getting into `` rz\u0105d na bruk , bruk na rz\u0105d '' kind of situation . 
  no , they are very much unintelligible . 
  having learned english , german and latin and a little bit of czech i have about as easy of a time understanding spoken spanish or italian as spoken russian . 
  and i had a russian roommate for a year - has n't helped and we just stuck to speaking english or polish that he was learning . 
  hell , it always seemed as if other slavs are much better at understanding polish than the other way around . 
  main problem of almost all of the old left-wing parties in europe in a nutshell and a reason of their failure . 
  they all turned into centrists or center-right in last 20 years . 
  only in the most primitive way of thinking about it . 
  also , what we 've come to simply call `` democracy '' is in fact a `` modern liberal democracy '' that involves a large amount of safeguards against the `` tyranny of majority '' and for preservation of human rights . 
  it 's true , i swear . 
  that happens when it 's over 4 digits . 
  nothing is as vapid as music snobbery . 
  well , maybe online attempts to reinvent political movements ' typology , but that simply beats all . 
  i 'm very much using it in european sense . 
  it 's just that if you use `` neoliberal '' people get hang up on that . 
  problem is that no matter how you slice it these days those countries have different , often outright conflicting views on what their goals and interests are . 
  so yeah , unless things change dramatically ( which they might , but only in a long run ) v4 wo n't be a driving force behind anything .
