  also stalin personally both hated and feared poles . 
  he was one of the top commanders back in 1920 and he barely made it alive when what he thought was unstoppable red army got crushed . 
  his agreement with germany was that they attack from both sides on 1st of september but at the last second he got cold feet and decided to wait and see how germans are doing and that 's why he attacked on 18th . 
  this is how much he overestimated strength of polish army . 
  on the other hand our army was n't half bad and from what i was told by historians that are more into this kind of stuff main reason why we lost against germans in september so damn quickly was the decision to defend at the very borders instead on the vistula line . 
  german armored divisions simply broken through our lines in multiple places like they later did in france . 
  high command assumed that if we were to to do that germany would simply claim all undefended land and call it a day while our allies in france and uk would n't bat an eye . 
  there is also whole thing about almost all german army invading poland and french having 15:1 advantage on their side of things but deciding to sit on their asses for almost a year . 
  same with uk . 
  so when you add that to all the horrors of the occupation ( 16 % of the population murdered ) we get all twitchy hearing that uk and france has apparently saved us and that we should be grateful that they declared war even tho it has n't helped us at all . 
  finland has not won . 
  they signed peace still losing the territory soviet union wanted to take in the 1st place . 
  seriously ? 
  bmw used to be gangsters ' ( and wonnabe gangsta ) ride of choice in early 90s here in poland . 
  even today you will be ridiculed to death if you own one . 
  especially black . 
  bmw even had few media campaigns solely to fight this image but to no avail so far . 
   still in the end general opinion is that poland suck and we 're `` 20 years behind the blacks '' . 
  everybody complains about everything , especially the current government , no matter if they voted it . 
  that 's mostly among grumpy old people and our whiny political right . 
   political correctness is generally ignored , and when you mention it people will look at you like you 're from a different planet . 
  poles as a majority think they are persecuted ( or at least were for decades ) so they have right to choose if the are following the pc or no . 
  also harsh jokes are fun . 
  first jokes about president kaczy\u0144ski death appeared the same week . 
  again i 'd say less and less of it tho i see some resurgence of right-wing kids trying to outedge eachother by repeating moronic ideas they have n't put half a thought to . 
   ecology is associated with greenpeace nuts that block building badly needed roads and bind themselves to the cooling towers to protest against them ( you know , the evil-looking thick ones , where water is evaporating  ) . 
  and that is simply a misconception born of our constant complaints . 
  only thing people do n't care is abolishing coal , but that 's to be expected in country where almost all electricity is based on coal . 
  people from left to right are much more `` green '' than rest of the eu when it comes to preserving forests , national parks , wild animals and so on . 
  and i mean by a lot . 
  few wolves kill some farm animals somewhere in scandinavia ? 
  shoot half of their population , no one bats the eye . 
  in poland ? 
  we have biggest populations of almost all wild animals in europe despite being much more populated and yet public ( as all the pools show ) is fiercely against killing them . 
  same with forests and so on . 
   most poles have inferiority complex towards `` the west '' because poland is poorer ( btw most poles still think about italy and greece and portugal and spain as places where people are much richer than us ) , but it 's changing slowly . 
  so true . 
  it is mostly limited to people who where already lived as adults behind the iron curtain ( and some youths due to education-induced misguided patriotism ) and i 'd describe it as some kind of strong superiority complex intertwined with even stronger inferiority complex . 
  that mixed with perfectionism and tendency to get all exalted over nothing and you have stereotypical pole . 
  so cringe-worthy . 
  on one hand people consider themselves morally superior etc. 
  but on the other not knowing real situation in other countries assume that it is always sooooo much better than in poland . 
  minor corruption scandal involving ex-politician breaks out once every 2 years or so ? 
  `` oh , how our country is not working !, 
  our politicans are among worst in the developed world !, 
  we are banana republic ! '', 
  you can notice it all over less competent parts of media . 
   not much difference for poles between bismarck and hitler really ? 
  like seriously ? 
  never , i mean never heard anyone arguing that bismarck was anywhere nearly as bad as hitler . 
  and yet countries with both high corporate taxes and high income taxes seem to thrive while ones sporting different approach are n't doing too hot . 
  problem is that companies have always an option of not paying taxes altogether so you simply ca n't win `` i will tax less ! '', 
  game . 
  it would be nice if you could , but it is what it is . 
  you are right about adding benefits tho . 
  it should be both carrot and the stick . 
  playing ball and not trying to screw us over ? 
  good boy !, 
  have a tax cut starting next year !, 
  still trying to weasel you way out ? 
  how about some additional taxes on your goods ? 
  and sure it would n't work if , let 's say estonia , would introduce higher taxation , but with whole eu ? 
  this is simply too big of a market to give up . 
  also notion that tax evaders will always find a way is simply silly . 
  sorry , but i 'm not going to get into yet another discussion how `` pure capitalism '' or `` pure liberalism '' are best economic policies and would totally work if people would just introduced them really , really correctly . 
  for me they are about as great as pure communism . 
  sure it all sounds great and solves all the problems in theory but sadly does n't work . 
  world is just a bit too complicated for that . 
  tbh i just keep voting for po till our left gets their shit back together , get rid of morons like miller etc. 
  tw\u00f3j ruch has some good ideas and very reasonable people like hartman , kalisz , nowicka or nowacka . 
  i 'm just not sure about palikot . 
  thing is that many corporations are avoiding paying taxes altogether , no matter if they are too big or not . 
  it 's not about destroying companies with ones that are too high , it 's about forcing them to pay their fair share if they want access to the market . 
  sure they will try to fight back , but that 's hardly a reason to give up outright . 
  companies earning billions while not paying a dime are hardly something we should care about preserving . 
  also ec has very serious muscle when it comes to things like that and so far all the companies they went to war against had to eventually bend over . 
  you guys still using conscription ? 
  eu is the biggest economy in the world and by far the biggest buyer of advanced goods . 
  no important corporation can afford losing this market and recent actions by ec against giants like google and microsoft prove it . 
  forcing them to pay their fair share of taxes if they want to do business here sounds like a reasonable thing to do . 
  and if someone decides that they do n't want to play ball then i 'm sure that there would be dozens of eu companies ready and willing to cover that gap . 
  so i guess like europe for last 15 centuries ? 
  for historian like me who specializes in ancient history all those `` new rome wonnabes '' are just ridiculous . 
  especially if they are , like in your case , your good streak lasts little over 100 years . 
  most of european countries had empires of their own for much longer than that and yet we still have only one rome . 
   america may be the new rome but that does n't mean that our republic has to die the same way that rome 's did : drowned in gold and stubbornness . 
  good ideas etc. 
  but `` new rome '' ? 
  you guys are n't exactly known for being modest but that 's absurd even for you ... you 've been relevant for little over a century for fucks sake :d, 
  ** poland ** : * legalize and tax marijuana * rise ~ ~ alcohol ~ ~ and tobacco taxes * push for eu wide laws for corporations along the lines of : `` either pay taxes in here or get the fuck out '' . 
  * rise corporate taxes . 
  * tax churches , get rid of tax cuts for them other than ones for preserving historical buildings . 
  * bind highest wage in a company to lowest one . 
  let 's say 1:15 for starters . 
  * get rid of vat on books . 
  * big pay rise for teachers and nurses . 
  * rise funding for top universities by a lot . 
  * significantly rise r&d funding . 
  * increase minimal wage by a lot over few years while limiting the taxes employer has to pay in first few years to the level before the change . 
  * same sex marriages * abortion laws similar to ones in neighbouring countries * secularise whatever else is left .
