  interesting points on the cultural differences tho . 
  not that it makes me despise what you call `` journalistic culture '' any less , but an interesting view nonetheless . 
   the combination is often characteristic of youtube spam or click-stealing accounts . 
  he links to the original video in the description . 
  also , i happen to run a monetized yt channel and knowing how it works can tell you that if it is an attempt to immorally profit from the whole affair , it is the most labor-heavy way to go about it known to men . 
  just stop being a cunt , will ya ? 
   she manages to ask all the questions she wants , she 's able to post all her videos including the hidden cam one , she 's able to post it on youtube so what exactly constitutes censorship in your mind ? 
  taking the content down from youtube ? 
  shutting her down mid interview ? 
  forcibly taking recordings from her ? 
  seems like censorship may only be perpetrated by utter morons who do n't know how internet works . 
  how convenient . 
  talk, 
  according to the 2014 cbos study the % for 18-24yo population are as follows : -- deeply religious : 8 % religious : 77 % non-religious : 15 % 44 % of those regularly practice ( i.e. 
  go to church ) and 39 % say that they listen to the catholic church . 
  -- and for all age groups the amount of non-believers is more or less twice as high as deeply religious people . 
  i despise stalin and his soviet union as much as the next guy and would argue that under different leadership soviet union would defeat the third reich both faster and with much , much , much lower losses , but saying that `` without the soviets , the defeat of nazi germany would have taken much longer '' seems like a pure fantasy . 
  if soviets quickly collapsed or kept cooperating with nazi germany there would probably be no defeating the third reich . 
  they 've done over 80 % of the work . 
  i 'd say they are but i do n't subscribe to the pejorative understanding of the word . 
  well , they probably are more important , but if you are a niche left wing party in an environment where there are 3 more powerful left wing parties , you should probably stick to your message . 
  i 'm stealing this one . 
  credit cards and debit cards got widely available more or less at the same time ~ 10-15 or so years ago . 
  since the major drive behind getting them was the ease of use almost everyone went with debit ones and never looked back . 
  while almost everyone has a debit card , very , very , very few people have credit ones . 
  if that one was good enough for your needs to want to buy it why would you want a new one in a few months ? 
  good point , but what the fuck is this title ? 
  quit that clickbait bullshit . 
  current levels of radiation there are completely harmless , unless you try to enter the reactor tomb . 
  i tried to find it , but since i 've read it years ago , i could n't . 
  i 'm pretty sure that carrying knifes is n't a tradition here . 
  if i remember correctly it happened in some rural area where a bunch of poles worked in agriculture gathering something and that work required some big knifes . 
  and it seems like some got stopped by the police for walking with those to and from work , not knowing that it 's illegal . 
  here you can indeed carry a dangerous tool such as a knife or an axe and people wo n't be bothered by it as long as it is n't out of place ( and in a rural area it probably is n't ) or you are n't being aggressive . 
  5 years or so ago ( ! ), 
  i 've read a uk study claiming that xenophobic views against poles start to mimic early xx century antisemitism and that it will result in more and more common acts of violence if coupled with economic strife . 
  the difference between `` standard xenophobia '' and what they called an `` antisemitic type '' is , in their words , that it occurs when a group is seen as : - forming local tight-knit social groups - visibly keeping the cultural identity - cooperating within the group to help one another , especially to improve their economic status - doing better than a sizable part of the autochthon population all that can be seen as a mafia-like behavior , a conspiracy of sorts making the original locals feel disenfranchised by the machinations of those outsiders . 
  that breeds anger and eventually violence . 
  at the time i found the study interesting , but bordering on absurd . 
  and yet , here we are , seems like there was merit to it after all . 
  i zoomed out and looked around a little and what struck me the most is that you guys seem to not believe in parks . 
  like at all . 
  there are five across the whole city ? 
  wtf romania ? 
  what kind of left wing are we talking here ? 
  post-communists , blairites , new left ? 
  is it just me or this song is really bad , even by sabbaton standards ? 
  yep . 
  that 's zizek for you . 
  if we was a farmer his field would look like a bloody terracotta army . 
  touche . 
  interesting thing is that our western border remained unchanged for over 400 years till the partitions . 
  polish-german relations used to be outright symbiotic to an unprecedented extent , especially for the time . 
  scale of german migration to poland was also massive . 
  same goes for commerce and cultural exchange . 
  hell - for hundreds of years often up to a half of the [ crown ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/crown_of_the_kingdom_of_poland ) armies were made of german gastarbeiters . 
  not really forgotten , but pretty damn long time ago . 
  you 'd need a some serious edge case of a right-wing nutjob to hate you for that . 
  what exactly does melanchon stand for ? 
  some kind of a new left movement or more of a corbyn-esque revival of leftist-in-name-only party ? 
  i 'm not intimately familiar with british basic education nor debate about it to be sure what exactly you 're referring to when mentioning boys being graded differently ( sound ridiculous ) nor what that `` competition based learning '' is , but for me the most glaring problem about it is the tier-ification of basic education in such an early age . 
  it is an accepted truth for decades now that boys perform worse than girls in the traditional education systems till they 're past puberty . 
  on top of that they 're more reliant on actual ambitions and presented opportunities ( such as a promise of better job ) to focus on their education , while girls are usually easier to control by simple `` this is what good girls do '' , `` this is what you 're supposed to do '' means . 
  early stratification , coupled with traditional `` shut up and listen '' system as well as ever so less accessible and less promising higher education had to produce such results . 
  without changing that system towards more liberal educational approach ( practiced in finland ) and/or more egalitarian and and less stratified system with easier access to higher education ( practiced in poland ) you ca n't really expect this situation to change . 
  and you seem to be going into the opposite direction , towards more test-focused drone-producing system that segregates people very early on . 
  `` fun '' fact : in last year 's study on emigrants who moved back to poland from uk the most cited reason is not wanting british basic education for their children . 
  i 've read about british pre-university education system and apparently british white males were the most under-performing group for over a decade now . 
  it 's to be expected that the situation will transfer itself into adult life and job market . 
  i 'd say that fixing quickly unraveling british education system should be among priorities here . 
  edit : haha , look at that : published by bbc minutes after my comment . 
  http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-politics-37303348 further down that rabbit hole you go !, 
  i meant mostly the fact that they 're by large internet american people . 
  so not real european people . 
  i 'd argue that this kind of feminism is n't mainstream in europe at all . 
  as a semi-active left-wing politician i know quite a lot of publicly active feminists in my country and some from other new left formations around europe , and am yet to encounter that . 
  and then there is a matter of scale . 
  there are probably more people believing that earth is flat than the followers of that specific branch of feminism . 
  only reason it is so vocally fought against is the fact that it is a useful strawman to use to push various conservative narratives . 
  oh , i obviously agree that this is silly and counterproductive . 
  people are n't known for always acting in their best interest while angry and hurt . 
  also , civil rights protests were n't nearly as peaceful or nice as you describe them . 
  or any other protests that brought change , for that matter . 
  actually some historians argue that an existence of a militant , often outright violent faction within the movement seeking change is a sine qua non factor for its success . 
  black panther killings were such a catalyst in civil rights fight . 
  they brought attention to the problem , their violence created pressure on government to deal with it therefore making that more peaceful branch of the movement seem like a desired partner for the authorities . 
  for me it seems like a problem on the airport security end . 
  frankly , i 'd rather have those guys expose the flaws than someone dangerous . 
  so a young person thinks and says a stupid thing . 
  stop the presses !, 
  it 's just a symptom of racial tensions in th eus that will go away once/if that situation improves . 
  pretty damn harmless fringe silliness that gets way more attention than it deserves . 
  from what i see mostly from faily obnoctious `` anti-feminists '' who decided to play the professional victims themselves to make a quick buck out of it on yt . 
  i wish both sides disappeared into the depths of the internet and continue to do their thing there without popping up everywhere . 
   maybe you should start visiting less rational subreddits/forums to see them also why would i ? 
  you can find all kinds of stupid shit in the underpants of the internet . 
  the correct way to go about it is to stop sticking your head there and let it fade away . 
   the rationale is that you ca n't be racist towards a privileged group ( or some crap like that ) . 
  oh , i do understand how such things may sprung up in the us . 
  not a surprise that such a backlash appeared , really .
