  terms like `` reactionary '' and `` progressive '' do have meanings , you know . 
  and pis is indeed reactionary , since they would rather roll back a number of things regarding contraception , state 's neutral stance on religion etc. 
  as i see it , they saw error of their ways and tried to govern as well as they were capable to . 
  i still disagree with them on a lot , but i respect choosing reality and compromising over sticking to ideological principles . 
  quality of your posts is astonishing . 
  please , do post more . 
   i am not cheering pis , but po is not better ... oh , it sure is better . 
  it 's pretty fucking bad , but sure as hell better . 
   read some fucking books and something else than just tvn articles . 
  yeah , because a person that does n't share your political views ( whatever they may be ) is clearly undereducated and indoctrinated . 
  should n't you stick to wykop 's echo-chamber ? 
  yes , true that . 
  but then again , i don ; t even know what his promises were and i knew enough not to vote for him based on his views . 
  not sure if he has views to begin with . 
  as far as foreign policy goes it will most likely be pretty much the same , but cringeworthy . 
  real `` fun '' will start if his party wins parliamentary elections in autumn . 
  if their previous showing is any indication , it will be outright pathetic and borderline orban-istic , but without pro-russian twist . 
  darwin award ? 
  i sure hope they wo n't devolve back into their thoughtless neoliberalism from early 2000s . 
  they not fulfilling their mostly dumb promises was a thing that kept us more or less afloat through the crisis . 
  those promises are worthless either way . 
  not sure why people even bother . 
  neither of them can implement them and i sure as hell hope neither wants . 
  if po stuck to their original promises we would be really fucked by now . 
  worst part about it all is the fact that he 's pretty much no one . 
  i follow polish politics pretty closely and i have n't even heard of him few months back . 
  he 's pretty much a kaczy\u0144ski 's mask . 
  thankfully president does n't have power to actually change any laws . 
  he can , however , veto almost everything and since the government does n't have a supermajority he can pretty much shut down legislature for next few months . 
  or most likely make a circus out of it all . 
  real problem will be if pis wins parliamentary elections in autumn . 
  with a figurehead president they 'll have free reign to do all kinds of reactionary shit . 
  the silver lining as i see it is the fact that those months before parliamentary election should be enough for duda to remind people why pis is a very bad idea . 
  or to teach them , since i assume that quite a lot of votes came from clueless kids who do n't recall years 2005-10 . 
  not this circus again ... 
  i lived through one pis presidency and really hoped to not live long enough to see another . 
  what ? 
  really ? 
  we may be behind on whole marriage thing , but at least we never prosecuted homosexuals . 
  i think it would be beneficial , even if it did n't pass . 
  and i doubt the `` complete defeat ' part too . 
  people tend to be fairly reasonable about those things when issue is laid out for them . 
  i do think that current results in the polls are a result of lack of public debate on a subject , rather than some rabid homophobia . 
  given an option between ` sure , let them have it '' and church 's raving most people would probably ignore the referendum for choose the former . 
  and we need those , why ? 
  of all the people i 'm quite sure that donald tusk would find the way to become a god-emperor . 
  not sure even about czech . 
  while it is fellow west slavic language czechs seem to do a better job understanding us then we do understanding them . 
  frankly only slavic language poles can understand * to some extent * , without actually learning it , is ukrainian . 
  i just had to take 120dl to get lowly 10up ... $ 16/month is n't * that * bad , but still . 
  psl is getting much higher local election results since regional reform that introduced them . 
  it system was limited to reporting already counted votes and once it failed it was done the old way . 
  embarrassing ? 
  sure . 
  conspiracy ? 
  nope . 
  appearing and disappearing ballots ? 
  i have n't heard a credible report of that and courts ruled on over 2000 electoral complains founding over 90 % of them `` absurdly false '' . 
  some were deemed true but those were local and insignificant issues that are deemed to happen in such a big operation . 
  frankly i 'm yet to hear a coherent theory about the way this supposed election stealing was supposed to happen . 
  care to share one ? 
  all in all there is literally no evidence for that and those who cry out are n't even trying to find any . 
  they are simply damaging public 's trust in democratic process using half-truths and lies for their short term political gain . 
  oh i know . 
  i just never remember to do it on time . 
  really ? 
  do you remember how proudly kaczynski represented us ? 
  this is going to be kaczy\u0144ski 2.0 , this time with well trained smile . 
  his electorate is 100 % young people for over 20 years now . 
  people grow out of it , save few bad cases . 
  my mother 's work requires a lot of driving around the countryside in central poland . 
  apparently all the small towns and villages were plastered with duda 's posters . 
  only his . 
   or when government messes with the elections . 
  really ? 
  i did n't know there are people who actually believe that the last election were `` messed with '' ... 
  there is no evidence solid or circumstantial of that whatsoever . 
  keeping this bullshit narration up is just a disgusting anti-state behavior . 
  kukiz called himself the only patriot among candidates . 
  but i guess duda took it one step further and declared his voters only true poles in good old pis fashion , did n't he ? 
   and either introduce the single-member district bill or announce a referendum before the second round . 
  fact that they did n't deliver on it is one of my biggest reasons to vote for them for the time being . 
  last thing this country needs is a broken electoral system that will make po and pis the only parties in sejm . 
  fact that people protest against main 2 parties by supporting the guy who 's only program would make them rule for decades is either very funny or a sad , sad story about our media and their ability to educate voters . 
  my very stubborn mother was for fptp voting system . 
  it took me 5 minutes to convince her that it is an awful and harmful idea . 
  it 's not that hard . 
  stunts like his are acceptable if you want to get an attention required to get to the position needed to actually do something . 
  once you 're that it 's time to do something . 
  he stuck to the stunts . 
  that proves my suspicion that he is n't very smart . 
  or he realized how stupid it was few months in and decided that changing the narrative now would harm him . 
  either way i 'd prefer for him to stick to singing . 
  i was thinking about voting for him , but after all those new startup parties sprung up from his ' i prefer them . 
  nowakowska seems like a much better leader and only 2 people i can even remember and support from his party at this point are harman and biedro\u0144 . 
  i 'm afraid of that as well , but frankly i have no idea what was in minds of people who voted kukiz . 
  i heard/read maybe 5 things he said and each of them was enough for me to never vote for him . 
  wow . 
  and here i really hoped i could pass on voting the next round since it involved 200km drive ... 
  while duda probably is n't worse pis has to offer i sure as hell do n't want him in the palace on an offchance that pis actually wins the next parliamentary elections ...
