  i know that my circle of friends is hardly representative of a society , but most of them do recognize a need to accept the immigrants that are already in eu or about to reach it and to work out a solution to this problem rather than just ignore it or lash out violently . 
  well , something has to be done , it 's not like we can close our eyes and ears , sing `` la la la la '' very loudly and hope that they go away . 
  they wo n't . 
  at this point only reasonable solution seems to be a eu wide program of integrating those people into our communities . 
  we will obviously have to have strict rules to suppress the radical minority that is surely there with the rest etc. 
  but we ca n't really ship them away nor can force border countries to take them all in . 
  that can and should be followed by previously announced border closure and opening of legal ways to get a refugee status on site - in afganistan , libya , syria and bordering countries . 
  or something different of a sort . 
  one thing is certain - ignoring the problem wo n't make it go away . 
  screaming about `` ismalization of europe '' wo n't either . 
  if all of syria ( to the last man , women and child ) suddenly packed up and moved to europe % of muslims in eu would n't even rise by 1 % , so i 'm quite certain that we 're not turning into a califat just yet / s edit : also , when it comes to ee region it 's high time to shed that victim complex and realize that we 're better off than 90 % of the planet . 
  we 're also recived quite a lot of support from those who had it better in last 50 years or so , so maybe it 's time to put big boy pants on and try to give back jut a little bit . 
  especially that if you look at the list of countries from the post above they sure have one thing in common - they 're in the state they 're partly due to our enabling behavior towards us middle-eastern policy in the past . 
  i had a flatmate who was an ukrainian with pole 's card studying in warsaw and all he had to do was to visit polish diplomatic institution once a year to renew his visa . 
  he also did n't speak a word of polish , neither anyone in his living family , but had no problem getting a pole 's card - that 's how strict and demanding the rules are - you get all the papers , claim that your great great grandmother was half polish or something , you apply , you wait for it to get processed and you almost always get the card . 
  based on that i think that the article does n't really provide all of the necessary details and that the situation is much more mundane , but simply used for political gain in light of current events . 
  also why would anyone want to get a refugee status if they can get a citizenship or long term visas with work permits and whatnot . 
  that 's probably true , since a friend of mine was in macedonia over the weekend and saw hundreds upon hundreds of people marching north . 
  in his words :  flying to macedonia on other business i expected that when i use a free weekend and drive to the border there will be hardly any refugees there by now , since all of them are doing circles between croatia and hungary by now . 
    during 2 days and a night few thousands people marched in front of my eyes . 
  in waves . 
  syrian kurdistan , afghanistan ( they have the worst since in medical tent we did n't speak persian ) , baghdad ( they know word bolanda ( arab . 
  for poland ) much better than others ) , middle class of damascus . 
  ( yes . 
  only damascus , and only middle class - interesting what that tells us about situation in syria ) . 
    fissured feet from walking tens of kilometers with children on their backs , tones of issues from almost drowning , healed , but still painful bomb wounds ( mostly among those from damascus ) . 
  most of the time only thing we could offer them as europe were painkillers . 
    whnever i had few moments to talk they asked where should they go . 
  they usually said they want to germany , but were rarely able to provide a reason ( and if so it was the fact that their family was there ) . 
  they ask me if bolanda is letting in . 
  they 'd go anywhere . 
  falami . 
  if parts of the people are acting like children and throwing an ignorance-fueled fit they should not be treated seriously . 
  i have much more trust in [ poles such as this guy ] ( http://bydgoszcz.wyborcza.pl/bydgoszcz/1,48722,18844743,syryjczyk-od-22-lat-w-polsce-skad-w-was-tyle-nienawisci.html#boxlokkrakimg ) than in right-wingers and conservatives turned defenders of european values . 
  you hugely overestimate the size of the vocal anti-immigrant minority . 
  and it 's not like they were po voters to begin with . 
  polish concerns ( mostly regarding automatism of the process ) have been addressed , so our government rightfully voted for the proposal . 
  are you seriously complaining about a fraction of 120k immigrants ? 
  if we take 20k or so it 's an unnoticeable number in country of 38 millions . 
  productivity statistics are outright useless if you want to know how `` hardworking '' people are . 
  ~ 90 % of productivity score depends on organization of work implemented by an employer , level and quality of automation and so forth . 
  one lazy guy with a computer will be.much more.productive than 100 hard-working ones with pocket.calculators . 
  so we literally took over a jewish stereotype of being * a tad * too entrepreneurial ? 
  how is life in morocco these days , btw ? 
  i often see it topping a conservative opinions charts in the region ( and that 's something when you take n africa and middle east together ) but thankfully seems to not have.major religious issues . 
  besides that therein very little information about present day morocco that i managed to stumble upon . 
  poor troll . 
  and if you were a slave for a summer doing the same job , how would that be different ? 
  except that you 'd save a lot of money on rent and food , that is . 
   pinball fuck , i meant paintball . 
  based on their performance in recent conflicts i would n't let them lead a high school paintball team . 
  preposterous . 
  everyone knows that alien invasions always start in the us . 
  what data do you base that on ? 
  i 'm yet to see research that proves that . 
  you keep generalizing . 
  those issues you describe do exist . 
  but , no , they are n't representative of whole muslim population . 
  not by a long shot . 
   eva green is objectively the best ~ ~ frenchwoman ~ ~ . 
  ~ ~ or french ~ ~ anything . 
  could n't agree more . 
  the old left is n't really left anymore , hence creation of new left parties all around europe . 
  kuran and bible are believed to be written in the * exactly * the same way - by people being told what to write by god ( simplifying it a bit , but thats the gist of it ) . 
  there is literally no difference in that department between those 2 things . 
  and yes - radical christianity is less common these days , but 40-50 years ago it was the other way around , at least then it comes to terrorism . 
  hell even today there is quite a lot of christian violence between attacks on abortion clinics , massacring gays in africa and gems like brevik . 
  and yes , islam , is clearly much , much , much more problematic , but claiming that all the muslims are accepting quran and its wahabi interpretations as a whole is simply absurd . 
  have you heard about any of those things happening in bosnia ? 
  or among any other old muslim populations in europe or in the us ? 
  or in middle eastern countries such as oman or jordan ? 
  it really pisses me off that i , believing that world would be better off without any religions , have to defend religions against silly accusations ... 
  what does it say ? 
  no one claims that radical islam is n't fucking awful or a cancer . 
  same goes for other radical incarnations of religions , as i said . 
  not really , but the topic has been , sadly , taken over by far-right . 
  not without a fault of eu mainstream politicians . 
  also many reasonable people are busy fighting all those grand racist statements that are being thrown around , because someone has to . 
  some people simply do n't have a second name . 
  i do n't follow feminist media , so nope . 
  but as a leftist , a member of a pretty leftist party with a lot of feminists and all around left-leaning people i can assure you - we are fully capable of despising both radicals islamists and racist islamophobes at the same time . 
  been doing it for years and i promise you - it is n't hard at all . 
  i 'm pretty sure that meant `` in the past '' rather than about this case . 
  care to link someone claiming that his conference was ok ? 
  nor does christianity and many other religions when followed to a t. also `` ethnicity '' ? 
  really ? 
   i just told you . 
  if you 're actually passionate then show it . 
  you saw what happened when people were passionate about a fucking shirt or a lie about a joke - the world heard . 
  i do n't use twitter nor am a journalist , nor live in france and i 'm sure as hell not going to somehow `` prove '' to you what 's my stance on this . 
  that would be ridiculous . 
   but what you 'll hear in this case will be crickets . 
  just watch . 
  and listen . 
  there will be nothing like the outrage of someone wearing a shirt , or telling a joke . 
  it 's almost as if twitter hordes passionate about whatever subject ( either right or left wing ) were mostly made of utter morons with too much time on their hands . 
  also , not without help from many eu mainstream politicians , the issue of radical islam was largely taken over by far-right cesspit and reasonable people are mostly busy refuting their dumb , grand racist claims . 
   why are you pretending this is the issue ? 
  i never said anything such , and yet you respond to me with this crap . 
  why ?
