  and the last option is basically thatcher 2.0 . 
  but more evil . 
  while op is clearly a demented and hateful waste of space , what he posted here is [ sadly fairly accurate ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lviv_pogroms ) . 
  he 's know - blair government 's stupidity laid the very solid foundation for this mess . 
  still better love story than twilight . 
   it was hong kong right , my bad . 
   and the guardian does n't know dick about this topic . 
  care to provide a source that claims otherwise ? 
  i was unable to locate one . 
  and what exactly are those cautiously predicted positive outcomes ? 
  not exactly a loss in this context since singapore tribunal simply ruled that it has no jurisdiction . 
  and that 's fixed by ttip . 
  and it was australia who payed the costs according to that and a guardian article from december last year . 
  http://www.fool.com/investing/general/2015/11/23/why-is-philip-morris-international-inc-suing-these.aspx literally the 1st google result . 
  and if they 're losing it 's mostly because there is n't a monster of a trade agreement such as ttip in place . 
  while i would n't want eu to to actively fuck uk up , i 'd say that a fair amount of keelhauling is very much in order . 
  they 'll most likely ease the whole thing at the end . 
  on the other hand i have no idea how the fuck they 're going to negotiate any other trade deals in that time ... 
   unmountable . 
  i 've read `` unmaintainable '' at first . 
  that would suit german panzer-making traditions very well !, 
  tobacco companies suing developing countries over smoking and tobacco sale restriction laws for starters . 
  hell , they even tried to pull that one in australia , but it was too big of a fish for now . 
  if you think that no one will abuse those private uber-tribunals i 'd like to sell you netherlands for a very competitive price !, 
   in fact , most economists agree that the deal is good . 
  even in poland most economists except borderline braindead 90s-style neoliberals say it is bloody atrocious . 
  and here i thought that are the last of bottom feeders when it comes to catching up on economics . 
  thx romania !, 
  main issues with it are implementation of private arbiter tribunals on steroids with power to fine national governments over legislation that hits the bottom line of corporations , lowering consumer good standards to the common denominator of us ones ( outright barbarism , especially when it comes to food ) and well as overall boosting us economy over eu one with a kicker of hitting least developed eu economies the hardest . 
  it 's a fucking cancer . 
  i 'm pretty sure he deserves both and then some . 
  nah , it was pretty much dead already . 
  ttip , not boris , that is . 
  iron lady 2.0 - electric boogaloo ? 
  what a swan song of neoliberalism will that be !, 
  apparently it is a real issue in many parts of southern europe where plumbing still is n't up to the challenge . 
  actual recording of boris and the leave campaign reaction when they won : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j3y1qbklols, 
  my body is ready . 
  send them all !, 
  yes . 
  you 're mistaken . 
  there are no restriction is any eu countries . 
  there were , but ended years ago . 
  last ones in 2009 i think . 
  main reason is the language . 
  way more people can speak english than norwegian or even german . 
  wow , that is the dumbest thing i 've read in ages . 
  i do n't mean it as a personal attack , i 'm just blown away . 
  having read that 5 times i 'm still confused that it means the same thing every single time . 
  that 's just a product of using migrants as a useful scapegoat by politicians and a media . 
  and even then it 's more about either national identity and depreciating wages and less about crime . 
  i 'd say that migrant crime is a no . 
  1 issue only for people who spend too much time browsing right-wing internet . 
  well , the author is a member of polish new-left party so there is that . 
  there are obviously already established syriza and podemos as well as more or less similar ones in turkey , slovenia and iceland and corbyn was aiming at the same direction before he decided to lock himself in the ivory tower during referendum and proceed to shoot himself in a foot . 
  what people want is social security and higher wages . 
  delivering that is the only sure way to fight the rise of nationalism in my opinion . 
  right , 
  oh that was a stab at the way they 're sometimes described in uk 's political discourse . 
  does n't he have a dozen more titles like that left ? 
  good point . 
  guess borderline rabid decade long political conflict has it 's merits - media sympathetic to either side are very happy to criticize the opponents . 
  obviously that creates other problems and media are still mostly shit anyway , but i think to the lesser extent , at least as far as politician 's pandering goes . 
  which is a very important thing , especially since i speak as a semi-active politician myself . 
  obviously , but without the politicians ' involvement there were n't bodies dropping , were they ? 
  people were n't harassed so brazenly etc. 
  savage . 
  why would n't i believe that ? 
  we pretty much exported 90 % of our criminals , mostly to uk . 
  on top of that i hear that some tools refuse to learn the fucking language for some reason . 
  i mean , seriously ? 
  it 's not that bloody hard . 
  right ? 
  at first i though he misspoke and meant to say around 1 % or something . 
  it 's easy to blame `` ugly-britain '' and `` those racists '' , `` those xenophobes '' who just happen to rise their ugly heads . 
  who is to blame here are almost exclusively politicians . 
  you can see it all over europe - where politicians start to pander to nationalisms like that , when they hint at enemies and dangers foreigners may pose then and only then this brown wave shows up . 
  not only politicians who actively incite hatred , but also those who idly sit by in the same party 's rows hoping for their silence to grant them few extra votes . 
  and already with blood on their hands . 
  you realize than in neither of my comments you replied to i presented things you try to dispute as facts . 
  i was merely talking about how it seems to be seen . 
  from the very first post you had issue with . 
  and in this post you 're just proving my point . 
  how is it that when 2nd biggest financial contributor leaves the union it you can almost hear a sigh of relief ? 
  that one eu leader after another issues the diplomatic version of `` no backsies ! '', 
  and `` go on with it ! '' ? 
  they must have gotten mad !, 
  how about you stop looking at others for a second , stop seeing the root of your problems elsewhere and take a good hard look at the mirror ? 
  is it possible that the greatest of britains made somem mistakes ? 
  is doing something wrong ? 
  highly unlikely , obviously , it 's probably a rabid anti-british conspiracy of ungrateful , unwashed pseudo-european masses , but just for the sake of intellectual exercise go ahead and consider such an option for just a second . 
  and then take another leap - would it be possible that focusing on fixing your own shit could yield better results than flinging around accusations and pompous comments ? 
  nah , that 's just stupid . 
  britain could have been so great again , if not for those filthy romanians and other slavs . 
  that seems to be an overall sentiment around here . 
  also from the way eu leaders behave these days . 
  well , in their case it is probably a reaction to a years-long xenophobic campaign aimed at them . 
  all in all british public is a pretty ugly sight when put under magnifying glass . 
  to the point of reeking of outright xix century style perceived superiority . 
  sure no one looks pretty under the magnifying glass , but in this case all of it coupled with holier than thou attitude sure managed to push many buttons .
