  if our society continues on current course towards selfishness and extreme capitalism we 'll get such problems soon enough . 
  does the actual position in the ranking really matter at this point ? 
  i 'd imagine that differences between several top countries in that regard are negligible . 
  now when i think about it i do n't know anyone who was a subject of any serious/violent crime . 
  nor anyone ever told me a story about someone else they knew having such issues . 
  and i 've been living in what is considered the worst district of warsaw for a better part of a decade now . 
  sure those things happen , but are pretty damn rare . 
  i see you have those shitty excused for a bus stop as well . 
  there is some merit to it , i think . 
  doubt that it 's religiously motivated but apparently suicides by car ( driving yourself into a tree ) are n't uncommon here and both police and insurance companies always play along calling it an accident , paying life insurances and whatnot afraid of public uproar if they try to dig too deep . 
  390/386 one ? 
  probably the best thing that ever happened to rome , as far as an effect on it becoming an empire goes . 
  i 'd say it 's a vocal , but a very limited minority encouraged by our questionable historical education and nonsense spouted by government and right-wing internet celebrities . 
  while it is justified ( more due to an assault on constitutional court , than because of things listed in the article ) it 's playing into pis 's `` we 're being oppressed ! '', 
  narrative and therefore helping them with their shit . 
  good explanation of the recent situation in poland and its roots for those interested . 
  i actually start to think that ever-present sexual content and easily accessible pornography is `` to blame '' for overcoming the plague of sexual assaults in most of western ( and not-so-western ) world over last few decades . 
  even when it comes to war and soldiers such actions are very , very rare , despite soldiery being associated with rape for hundreds upon hundreds of years . 
  now , whatever we may think of actions of us or russian troops in their respective areas of aggression ( middle east , ukraine ) instances of rape are almost unheard of . 
  but then again - i was well into my 20s before i encountered someone who argued that women are n't equal to men , and i have a feeling that for most of the culprits in those assaults that was the massage they 've been receiving their entire life . 
  i guess good old-fashioned beating on the streets followed by an incarceration is in order for some of those fellows to get a memo . 
  willow is the close second here . 
  technology transfers , direct money injections into major country 's companies , having one 's army funded and allied one stationed within your borders paying for it and fighting off invaders as well as free access to us market do n't show up in such statistics but make a world of difference . 
  did they have massive technology transfers ? 
  their armies funded for them ? 
  western forces stationed within their borders to fight invaders ? 
  unlimited access to us market ? 
  direct transfers of money into their companies on top of foreign investments ? 
  while that 's all more or less true ( chung-hee was n't exactly a fully independent actor who could have done whatever he wanted ) it sure was done using us capital . 
  in quantities exceeding korea 's own gdp at the time dozens times over . 
  comparing south korea and ghana and making a point about clear superiority of one over the other in some way is absurd . 
  its as if you 've taken two poor people , gave one an virtually endless credit line and wonder why the other is n't having business successes of the same magnitude . 
  sure , bad luck of having people such as nkrumah plays a big role , but definitely is n't an only factor . 
  tl ; dr : all of it is much more complex and does n't boil down the the decisions of one man . 
  south korea is a terrible example for what you 're trying to say . 
  it was almost drowned in us money due to cold war rivalry . 
  yes . 
  and to put the people loyal to the new government onto those cozy , well paid positions . 
  now they 're going to purge those institutions of lower level employees and do exactly the same . 
  `` fun '' part of it all is that the only reason pis won the election is that they spent over a year pretending that they got over all this bullshit they tried to pull last time they were in power . 
  none of those things they 've done after the election were even hinted , and the vast majority were outright sworn not to be done . 
  people who voted for them were indeed stupid for believing their lies . 
  if pis open about their plans they would n't have even gotten half of the votes . 
  same mentality , but this time with crosses . 
  sadly it 's a part of us-focused research project . 
  still , best data on the subject i was able to find . 
  source : http://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2015/12/23/americans-are-in-the-middle-of-the-pack-globally-when-it-comes-to-importance-of-religion/ft_15-12-17_religioussalience/, 
  you 're fun at parties , are n't you ? 
  the one i use is `` nadprezydent i nadpremier '' . 
  mixing both together just does n't give his greatness and importance justice . 
   you reinterpret everything in a discrediting way for the current government rather than from the point of abstract rules and ideas and so this is why i have a different opinion , because i think some of those changes are simply fair that 's the thing . 
  when considering if a law is a good idea you should always imagine that people in power are the ones you do n't like and do n't trust . 
  it 's democracy after all and soon enough it will be po , . nowoczesna or even razem or kukiz calling the shots . 
  and if you are n't comfortable with all of them ruling while this is the law of the land it 's a sign that it is n't a good law . 
  there are 3 major changes that work perfectly togather to literally break the tribunal and allow pis to rule using unconstitutional laws due to an assumption of being constitutional all laws enjoy . 
  13 judges required to be presiding over every case - most of cases ct presides on minor questions from lower courts . 
  there are dozens of them every month and they are usually ruled on by 5-judge squads . 
  that allows up to 3 squads to preside at the same time . 
  changing that would very seriously slow down the process . 
  cases are presided on in order they come in - now the president of ct decided the order , so important cases such asmajor laws can be presided as soon as possible . 
  now with the change # 1 few `` helpful '' judges somewhere in bogatynia or other zel\u00f3w could bog down the tc with hundreds of pointless but complex opinion requests making ct work on them for years before they can get to the important laws . 
  and since laws are presumed to be constitutional until ruled otherwise , pis ( or any other government that comes after them ) can outright ignore constitution . 
  2/3 requirement - it 's just an icing on the cake but also helps governments to put their puppets rather than actual legal authorities into the ct and reach the blocking majority much faster than with simple majority where replacing over half of the ct would take several years . 
  and a kicker : 3 pis judges can call in sick and ct ca n't do anything . 
  in summary every single of those changes allows an outright abuse of power and ignoring of the constitution by a government that has a simple majority . 
  it that 's not a crawling coup d'etat then i do n't know what is . 
  thankfully according to the constitution ct is bound only by the constitution and has the legals standing to outright ignore the new law while ruling if its constitutional . 
  the bad news here is that this prerogative has n't been used before so it will be the perfect fuel for pis state-destroying propaganda . 
  my father just calls him ayatollah jaros\u0142aw . 
   normal, 
  your point being ? 
  damn , that last one is amazing . 
  while it is n't a very niche and hip answer , i do love both [ bruegel ] ( https://www.google.pl/search?q=brule+painter&amp;biw=1920&amp;bih=916&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewjoz4-t0pzjahxppxikhzauax8q_auibigb#tbm=isch&amp;q=bruegel+ ) and [ beksinski ] ( https://www.google.pl/search?q=beksinski&amp;hl=en-pl&amp;biw=1920&amp;bih=916&amp;site=webhp&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewj8kedy0pzjahxcg3ikha86avaq_auibigb ) the most . 
  no more than 3 erect , i was told . 
  he should keep his religious beliefs regarding other people ' business to himself . 
  tribunal is the highest court in the land and is has the authority to rule on disagreements between state institutions . 
  including government and itself . 
   art . 
  if pis does n't like it then it should either get over 2/3 seats or convince other some parties to help them change the constitution . 
  like in , you know , civilized country . 
  instead they 're pulling this banana republic/volksgerichtshof shit and are surprised people are n't going to stand for it . 
  they are even dumber than i though for all these years . 
  https://pl.wikipedia.org/wiki/niezawis%c5%82o%c5%9b%c4%87_s%c4%99dziowska 1st sentence of this article . 
  judges are n't affected by governmental decrees '' [ dekrety/uchwaly ] ( https://pl.wikipedia.org/wiki/dekret ) '' , which are a lower level of law than '' [ ustawy ] ( https://pl.wikipedia.org/wiki/ustawa ) '' . 
  those are the legal terms that boil down to being independent from 2 other branshes of power - legislative and executive one ( sejm and rz\u0105d ) . 
  therefore edict to nullify a nomination is about as absurd as an edict to sentence someone to die . 
   yes i agree with you , the question is what moment contitutes a judge . 
  i lean towards this version you proposed , but there are other ideas . 
  if by `` ideas '' you mean outright lies by politicians committing crimes against constitutional order and wanting to confuse a public about it , then sure . 
  constitution says that constitutional court judges are nominated by a parliament . 
  the ustawa o trybunale konstytucyjnym adds that after the nomination they are to be sworn in before they can preside . 
  even if it was unclear when someone becomes a judge ( there is n't , there has never been for last 25 years ) guess what takes precedence ? 
   check out how those university resolutions are issued , they are not unanimous . 
  never claimed they were . 
   as far as i know pis made decree that nullified the previous nominations , thus some people claim it had an effect before ct ruled it unconstitutional . 
  parliament ( legislature ) or government ( executive branch ) have no power over judges . 
  none . 
  following this logic parliamentary majority could sentence people to death and as long as they were executed before ct rules on it it 's all fine . 
  those arguments are preposterous and serve nothing else but a dismantlement of the rule of law . 
  ` we can ignore constitution , as long as we 're quick at it '' huh ?
