   they ca n't do that now ? 
  getting a work permit is ridiculous these days . 
  not a kind of news one enjoys sitting at home with a cold/flu and selfmedicating for almost a week . 
  i think i 'm going to be reasonable for once and see a doctor tomorrow . 
  utopian communism and utopian capitalism have that in common , indeed . 
  no one who is being listened to argues that utopian communism is possible . 
  utopian capitalism on the other hand ... 
  many otherwise reasonable people hope that invisible hand will somehow bring us all the best possible future . 
  despite all of the mounting evidence to the contrary . 
   the therapy she seems to get is very much necessary . 
  no disagreement there . 
  are you really calling a confused 13yo a `` lying cunt '' ? 
  if anyone is to be called a cunt here it would probably be right wing media and politicians creating a climate of hysteria where kid can come up with such a sick lie . 
  leninism , stalinism and its local iterations were always implemented via violent revolt or conquest . 
  this fact was an important factor in how deranged they 've been . 
  i can hardly see a reason to compare them to socialist ideologies aiming to change systems using peaceful means . 
  no one discards capitalism as a whole based on anti-left mass murders in spain , argentina , indonesia , chile or vietnam , even tho they often were perpetrated or at least facilitated by today 's champions of what we like to call `` free world '' . 
  i honestly ca n't name a single leftist government established by democratic means that devolved into a bloody regime . 
  and as i just mentioned examples of such governments being brutally overthrown by anti-left forces are quite abundant . 
  why do we discard peaceful socialism due to stalinist crimes when stalinism is as disgusting to today 's leftist as is hitlerism . 
  while i get why leftist movements in western europe are sometimes dragged into those comparisons due to some of their members in the past being stalin 's `` useful idiots '' i see no reason why i , or my other leftist friends in poland should endure this absurd simplification when those among us who are old enough to had been politically active during communist times were almost exclusively fighting against the regime . 
  we ideologically come from the solidarity and pre-ww2 polish socialist party both quite accomplished on fields of both egalitarianism and democracy . 
  saying that me or people like me have anything to do with stalinism and given power will devolve into one is about as absurd as claiming that actually democratic conservative parties of today are really nsdap in disguise . 
   as its main message and idea runs counter to man 's instinctual prioritization of oneself i had no idea it was a proven fact and , apparently , an identified driving force behind humanity as a whole . 
  must have missed the memo . 
  you really should go ahead and actually read atlas shrugged . 
  it 's about as deranged and pathetic as main kampf , but writting is even worse . 
  much worse . 
  and it 's about as long too . 
  i 've read it several years ago and still shiver a bit remembering this pile of garbage people for some reason find enlightening and insightful . 
  i mean , i really was n't into whole libertarianism thing since i turned 19 or so , but was giving people liking it a benefit of a doubt . 
  after reading this i seriously ca n't not to think of them ill . edit : also das kapital is considered groundbreaking in the field of economical thought across all schools . 
  do n't try to be more austrian than hayek himself . 
  so realizing that you had an unearned advantage in life over your peers based on your family 's socioeconomic status and a desire to help those who were n't so lucky , rather than striving to improve the situations of those who are already doing great is a joke now ? 
  ha ha ha . 
  how funny . 
  some are , some are n't . 
  i happen to know quite a lot of leftist activists and politicians and there are a lot of people from both academia and working class there . 
  also for some reason people are n't flabbergasted when a person earning a minimal wage goes batshit crazy neoliberal , as it often happens . 
  have you just compared das kapital to mein kampf ? 
  seriously ? 
  i honestly ca n't tell if you 're being sarcastic . 
  i sure hope so , since the amount of ignorance and outright stupidity required to put an equal sign between marxism and stalinism is pretty damn impressive . 
  what does that even mean ? 
  could you even construct a sentence more lacking in substance ? 
  that 's for sweden 's benefit . 
  i mean hanging is pretty damn graphic on its own . 
  once could argue it 's more disturbing to see than shooting . 
  less cleanup tho , i guess . 
  actually that was a political ploy with socialism being a popular buzz word back then . 
  if anything they were vaguely social nationalists , not the other way around . 
  actual social democrats ( so what the new left , and some of the old left that has n't turned into technocrats or centrists/liberals yet are ) do n't use an idea of a nation . 
  even if they are domestically focused and engage in little to none internationalism they consider all the citizens of their countries equal without distinguishing between different nations . 
  maybe he expressed it poorly , but he has a point that there 's yet to be a war where either side had no misguided decisions , poorly chosen targets or collateral damage caused by stupidity on their conscience whatsoever . 
  emotions run high , most of your fighters are pretty young , eager and sometimes had little to no substance between their ears . 
  shit will happen . 
  innocent will suffer . 
  as long as those actions are n't actively encouraged nor become become a chosen modus operandi it would be unwise to discard whole cause based on several incidents . 
   madrid does have skyscrapers . 
  there are , but they 're all on the outskirts . 
  it 's as if all the warsaw skyscrapers were on ursus and targ\u00f3wek . 
   rome is a rather poor and undercared city and also very old . 
  the skyscrapers dont fit into this city , because the city itself is a skansen . 
  having lived in rome for a few months i would n't go as far as call it poor or undercared . 
  for the most part it 's pretty damn nice , if you do n't mind pretty awful metro stations . 
  basically all the oil-rich state needs to be a successful one is corruption below cartoonish levels . 
  if you also , such as norway , make sure that oil does n't suffocate other branches of industry you 're golden . 
  still , ebola is a disease that is absurdly difficult to transmit in modern world . 
  it 's about as big of a global threat as drunk elephants . 
  well , bucharest also was n't leveled and rebuilt in a half-arsed way so putting high building in random spots in the city makes even less sense . 
  while due to aforementioned reasons skyscrapers in warsaw make sense , i definitely prefer skyscraper-free metropolis such as rome or madrid ( they have like 4 , all of them on the outskirts ) . 
  both bucharest and budapest are better off without them in my opinion . 
  maybe it 's just a polish thing , but anarchists are usually left-leaning people focused on fighting discrimination and injustice ( helping immigrants , preventing evictions ) usually in coordination with other left wing , usually very etatist movements . 
  way more into that than into disassembling society . 
  i happen to know several and they 're very decent people . 
  why would you hate anarchists of all people ? 
  actually russian is about as foreign and unintelligible for us as german . 
  sure , you have few dozen words that sound and sometimes even mean the same , but that 's about it . 
  it took me a while to realize that the 1st one is also a satire . 
  and probably some actual death . 
  what 's up with those hairy dildos bulgaria ? 
  well , if belka says that then he probably has a point . 
  he 's much closer to economists like stiglitz and chang than to neo-liberal orthodoxy . 
  while i 'm not sure about suing belgium , i 'm amazed that it is n't getting more shit for this attack . 
   1 ) which of these dialects is closer to ` standard polish ' , if such thing exists ? 
  differences between all the dialects except kashubian and silesian are * extremely * minor . 
  100-200 years ago there were some pronunciation differences like [ mazurzenie ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mazurzenie ) , but now they boil down to maybe a dozen words . 
  so while all but 2 mentioned dialects are almost identical with literary language research performed in the 90s suggest that users of mixed dialects ( specifically from szczecin/stettin ) are the closest . 
  that 's just an excuse , hardly even an actual reason for aggression and definitely not an important factor in plc 's downfall that was pretty much complete before this `` reason '' was brought up for the 1st time . 
  it 's partly a cultural thing too . 
  coupled a feedback from having such a law crime rate . 
  people claiming that they need guns for self-defense are seen as clowns . 
  only people what want guns are hunters and those who simply like guns . 
  there were many factors to the fall of commonwealth , but i 'm yet to hear someone competent ( or even incompetent , really ) arguing that cultural diversity or german immigrants was one of them . 
  if anything the mistreatment of cossacks and other ukrainians was a major cause . 
  it 's a moderately archaic word that was used to described all of then territory inhabited by eastern slavs and then non-russian ( so basically polish-lithuanian ) part of it . 
  smaller parts of that were called using `` ru\u015b adjective '' pattern such as white rus , red rus , kievian rus and so on . 
  it 's a new name , so it did n't have a chance to evolve in various languages . 
  it 's not about wealth itself but about wealth disparity and perceived lack of opportunity to breach it . 
  and it , obviously , is n't the only factor , albeit a very important one .
