  i 'd argue that 99 % of finns never held the damn book , yet alone have their interpretation of it . 
  sounds like a good idea . 
  few would object reading of the bible and it 's not like quran is any better . 
  oh , right . 
  i remember that lpr proposal - what a way to kill a debate about important issue with retarded solution !, 
  i do agree with what you say about the reason of this situation and i was mostly referring to our government refusing to acknowledge that the main reasons behind this demographic disaster are economical . 
  has n't komorowski dismissed this interpretation lately ? 
  and yes , while some will eventually have children , many will not . 
  biology does n't care about social changes and women 's fertility starts to rapidly drop at the age of 30 . 
  median childbearing age , especially for educated people was already pretty high ( 25-27 ) in the 70s and 80s and now with economy kicking it up a notch we may find ourselves in very dramatic situation . 
  it 's bad to have almost none = = we have to have half !, 
  what happens ? 
  do n't know how it works in slovenia , but in poland % of employed women is only slightly lower than % of employed men . 
  and repeating ad noiseam an argument that men are ones doing all the shitty job when we are talking about the very fact that most of the top jobs is done by men is ... interesting ? 
  let 's say `` witty to the limited extent '' . 
  did you even read my post ? 
  regulation should only come in if there is a proof of discrimination against someone . 
  women can easily become miners or garbage persons while men can become nurses , teachers or cleaning personnel . 
  so that 's not an issue , right ? 
  problems start when there is scientific proof of discrimination , and there are numerous studies that show bias against women and minorities in hiring for management positions . 
  that 's what all fuss is about . 
  comparing those two types of this makes no sense whatsoever . 
  hardly surprising . 
  i 'm 29 and if i were to count my facebook friends around my age who have children i do n't think i 'd go as far as 4 . 
  i actually asked my year younger brother who runs in completely different circles and result was about the same . 
  that would be ~ 8 people out of ~ 400 . 
  in other circles it 's probably significantly higher , but still , i 'd wager , absurdly low . 
  it puzzles me how it is n't considered a looming national disaster . 
  if you are 60 + then sure . 
  not really relevant for that matter . 
  well , if a country of 80 millions only 14 % of senior management positions are held by women it surely means that german women are either intellectually inferior to men or that system is rigged against them . 
  guess what is more likely . 
  for me it is n't about artificially achieving pretty numbers but about fairness . 
  equal opportunities . 
  and are you * really * surprised that no one is clamoring about gender equality among cleaning staff or miners ? 
  also similarities between those two things are only superficial . 
  in case of all the jobs that are being brought up in those misguided arguments gender inequality is almost exclusively an effect of lack of interest in the job ( be it nurse or miner ) rather than repeatedly reported and scientifically measured discrimination . 
  ergo it is not a valid or fair counterargument . 
  putin sure investigates a lot of murders lately . 
  i ca n't really tell . 
  i simply ca n't recall more than one woman in russian politics , and all that gay bashing , tiger wrestling and shirtless riding screams of machismo . 
  does n't seem very promising , but i may be as well wrong . 
  only thing gays hate more than russian values are women . 
  i do n't understand what you do n't understand about higher interest in senior management sector . 
  `` we may not have any women in management , but look at all those cleaning ladies !, 
  we clearly provide equal opportunity ! '', 
  and there are almost no women in political leadership positions . 
  that does n't bode well for the future . 
  yes , good point about the recruitment process . 
  especially if we are talking about those very senior senior positions . 
  slow implementation of quotas seems very reasonable to me , unlike sudden one . 
  well , i used to date a greek erasmus student with communist-ish views and i must say that my extensive studies support this theory . 
  i 'm on the fence about quotas , really . 
  i 'd imagine there is simply more men interested in those high management positions in places like germany for cultural reasons ( that i wo n't call ma\u0142omiasteczkowo\u015b\u0107 because that would be rude . 
  ish ) , so sudden implementation of quotas would mean open season for female management while possibly decades of block opportunities for their male counterparts . 
  i do recognize the problem , but quotas seem too artificial . 
  maybe things like restrictive blind recruitment process or something of a sort ? 
  or at least implementing quotas over time rather than 50 % outright . 
  for example 25 % for germany this year , 35 % till 2020 , and finally 45 % by 2030 . 
  that being said senior corporate management is very low on the list of things i care about , so whatever . 
  right . 
  i meant 14 . 
  wow . 
  i really thought that european standard is somewhere around 40 % . 
  i mean seriously ? 
  how does that comment even apply to what you respond to ? 
  your answer seems to be `` let it slide and hope for the best '' . 
  if causing wars via sheer stupidity counted as warmongering , that would be the most prominent kind . 
  what would my supposed `` victim complex '' mean in this scenario ? 
  i 'm not sure if you noticed but at his point putin has been ruining his own country for months , and for what ? 
  sliver of devastated land of a size less than ! % of russian territory . 
  argument that he will behave in his country 's interest for a change is foolish at best . 
  if we wo n't force him into submission by economical means ( where was i advocating use of eu military ? ), 
  he may quite likely try his luck again . 
  this time in lithuania or estonia . 
  consequences of that would be unimaginable compared to minor inconveniences brought by sanctions . 
  so what should be an answer for a bloody invasion of a neighboring country under ethno-nationalistic pretexts , in your opinion ? 
  wag of the finger followed by pat on the back ? 
  `` going from experience '' they have no stopped invading neighbors after georgi either . 
  advocating for sanctions makes one a warmonger these days ? 
  good grief . 
  what 's next ? 
  criticizing putin ? 
  oh , my bad . 
  i do n't really follow that , so when i googled it i apparently misunderstood an article . 
  it would n't be bad if we were to keep pummeling putin with sanctions till he withdraws back to russia . 
  sadly , i 'm afraid that it wo n't be the case and we are just making next step towards legitimizing this barbaric invasion . 
  ** from broomstick to boomstick ? 
  germany sends its army for much needed training **, 
  frankly i do n't understand why ca n't you just send someone like florence welsh or jake bugg . 
  britain has a lot going for it in music these days , and yet europe gets treated to this shite . 
  there was holy roman empire as a whole . 
  teutons and brandenburg were pretty meaningless in grand scheme of things and the latter was fighting more against other german states anyway . 
  but even if we were to consider teutons representatives of all the germans , there was n't a single polish-german war between 1520 and 1794 ( or 1772 , if we are speaking about facts ) . 
  i 'd say that 's pretty amazing for this part of european history . 
  and if we were to look for a serious war that actually involved sizable part of hre we would probably have to look as far back as 1332 . 
  that 's 440 years of peace on polish-german border without it being moved for even an inch . 
  440 years of thriving trade , migrations , cultural and intellectual exchange . 
  pretty amazing compared to almost any part of europe , really . 
  obviously .
