  sorry , i had a brain fart and missed part about whole bundestag being legislative . 
  i 'm on mobile , so i just edited my post with different argument entirely hopping that you wo n't notice it before i 'm done instead of deleting it - . - to the point tho - requirement to pass that legislation is troublesome , but still if there is something that bundestag strongly disagrees with it can threaten merely with confidence vote , right ? 
  so only logical solution if we want the strict separation would be to strip executive branches of national governments of the powers to vote for legislation within eu . 
  sounds like a bad idea unless we rebuild the system from ground up . 
  also things you refer to are mostly international treaties of a sort rather than law in state meaning of the word , so it 's all kosher when executive branch negotiates treaties and legislative one approves them ( or not ) . 
  unless i do n't know something fundamental about german system , that is . 
  so the troubles or basque conflict are comparable to armed conflict between 2 european nations ? 
  go back to school son . 
  that 's the dumbest thing i 've read in weeks . 
  damn , they are onto us !, 
  merkel is n't an mp herself ? 
  ayran is pretty dam brilliant too . 
  whole turkish cuisine is top notch , really . 
  sizeable liberal minority and all their efforts to keep the country secular . 
  walking the streets of istanbul you can often fail to see a difference between them and other southern-european cities . 
  people saying that turkey belongs to arab world , rather than europe have very limited knowledge about either . 
  there are quite a lot of nationalistic sentiments that have to burn out ( and i hope will , sooner rather than later ) and we may have a worthy addition to eu . 
  our teen pregnancy and immigrant number guesses are beyond absurd . 
  communist leaders were full of amazing self-burns . 
  my favourite by w\u0142adys\u0142aw gomu\u0142ka in his speech in 1956 , 1st secretary at the time . 
  `` last year we stood at the edge of the economical precipice . 
  this year we made a big step forward '' . 
  everything is acceptable in small doses , obviously , but at some point there is too many of those small doses and people flip . 
  hungarian government made it much easier with their initial proposal ( leak ? ), 
  being so absurd . 
  it 's also very symptomatic that in many countries , including quite similar ones , like poland , there are talks about starting a project to eventually provide free high speed internet access for every citizen , while hungarians get this shit . 
  hard not to be pissed , especially with instances of completely ludicrous corruption going on there . 
  some of the tapes published during that big scandal here in poland few months back included recordings of conversations between ceos of big state controlled companies about their experiences in hungary . 
  those were of `` you wo n't believe the shit it 's going on there ! '', 
  verity . 
  if someone replaced `` hungary '' with let 's say `` nigeria '' or ` ukraine '' in those stories no one would be the wiser . 
   maybe we should swap our governments ? 
  way . 
  over my dead body !, 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ sorry ^ ^ ^ ^ hungary ^ ^ ^ ^ < 3, 
  some politicians just do n't learn , do they ? 
  government in poland has been taken by surprise by acta protests in 2010 and had to backpedal really , really fast . 
  one would think that politicians in hungary would seize an opportunity to not repeat those mistakes , and yet here we are . 
  tho i guess polish government was elected by younger voters , so they had literally no other choice than to comply , while orban 's base is older demographic so he may think he can pull it off . 
  still - if he thinks that doing the only thing that is proven to galvanize younger voters is wise , then he is a special kind of stupid . 
  was she ? 
  since when aidar has helicopters ? 
  well , it would n't be fair if we blamed you only for that 1/3 population thing . 
  that was an effect of over 2 decades of wars on all fronts ( but western one - we used to peacefully coexist with germans big time ) . 
  i 'll forward your request to our ~ ~ world domination ~ ~ harmless emigration office !, 
  do n't burst his bubble !, 
  i doubt that even all eu politics combined would warrant an existence of 4 times a week show like daily show . 
  we in poland have tendency to be very , very critical towards our politicians , state of our country and so on , without really knowing how it looks like around the world and cheerypicking examples we compare ourselves to ( so if a topic was `` wine industry '' we would only compare ourselves to french , obviously . 
  `` car industry '' ? 
  germany . 
  stock exchange ? 
  uk etc. ), 
  and whenever one of my friends starts bitching about something a bit too much i make a bet with him or her to watch 3 weeks worth of daily show . 
  so far everyone was just mindblown by what 's going on there . 
  something like `` last week tonight '' would be great tho . 
  my point exactly . 
  even kaczy\u0144ski was n't dumb enough to touch it , and that says something . 
  i have met some weird people including some extreme-right one but i 'm yet to meet someone who seriously believes that lw\u00f3w or wilno should somehow be returned to poland . 
  they love bitchin about those tho . 
  i meant to say it the other way around . 
  tho it 's just a wild guess - i 'm probably dead wrong either way . 
   ooooohh but i was told all those fascists are gon na get in power there !, 
  yeah , once again big parts of wastern-european left made fools ( or `` useful idiots '' ) of themselves by crying `` wolf '' about things they clearly have no clue about and thus playing part written by papa putin . 
  for leftists from ex-communist countries like myself , it was painful to watch/listen to . 
  in a country that just suffered ( is suffering ) bloody civil war/invasion ? 
  extremely low numbers . 
  also , how 's golden dawn doing my friend ? 
  now it 's only a question how fast he 's going to back down and if he 'll be smart enough to avoid further damage to his position . 
  hardly . 
  i may not have much love for po , but they are still few leagues ahead of orban . 
  in any category , really . 
  it 's basically jaros\u0142aw kaczy\u0144ski on steroids . 
  tho , i guess if kaczy\u0144ski had trianon in his back pocket he might have lasted longer and eventually become such a nuisance . 
  and yet we have a lot of trouble understanding both of those languages , especially czech . 
  at least while sober , that is . 
  % of ~ ~ shared ~ ~ different vocabulary ? 
  edit : 180 ^ o, 
  grammar similarities would be very interesting to see . 
  polish for example would one of the most similar to latin of all things , since it was a 2nd official language in poland and poland-lithuania for several centuries . 
  right . 
  i kinda forgot that it still exists - . -, 
  greek colonies were very limited in size and not inclusive so even when they existed their linguistic influence was minimal . 
  then came romans with their inclusive expansion style followed by numerous barbaric tribes leaving as much direct greek influence as the one of phoenicians . 
  still - almost all european languages are influenced by greek to some extent , just not nearly to the point that would allow communication . 
  as for ex eastern empire lands not being influenced by greek in the same way ex-western ones were by latin it 's about the differences between migrations and way of settling of barbaric tribes . 
  in western europe some of them were settled semi-peacefully , with rome still in charge and heavily influencing them . 
  both slavic migration and arab as well as turkish invasions had no such characteristic . 
  even slavs that remained under imperial rule for some time were n't nearly as vulnerable to cultural influence as franks for example . 
  they took control of almost empty lands and never really mixed with romans ( greeks ) , so once empire fell there was little left there . 
  what 's that sr between pol and cze ? 
  in poland , thankfully , it 's not official approach , but more of a leftover mentality from communist times propaganda . 
  50 years of teaching that germans are the evil incarnate and our eternal enemy ( it 's not like they made it hard , obviously ) in order to shift the attention from occupying russians left a mark . 
  and while bits about russians being friends and only hope clearly did n't stick and were cleansed from history books , parts demonizing germany usually slipped through the cracks . 
  not big things but subtle ones - like giving way too much attention into some random raids that happened nearly 1000 years ago etc. 
  bit by bit it all paints the picture of constant and everlasting mortal danger upon us from both east and west . 
  that 's just step away from mental defensiveness . 
  especially since both germans and russians provide more than enough material for one to feel morally superior . 
  and once you achieve that , it 's easy to dismiss your own crime here and there ( \u017beligowski 's invasio on lithuania , invasion of czechoslovakia , mistreatment of cossacks , jedwabne etc. 
  public 's view on those matters have greatly improved over last 2 decades , but school system , as always seems to lag behind and fails to put those bad things in spotlight in order to force students to reflection and sheer numbers imbalance between good and bad things makes them way too easy to look past . 
  all those bad things we did are in school history books .
