  do you also argue that tatars living in poland are surely more loyal to mongolia ? 
  i do , however , not disagree that anti-defamation league is yanking stuff out of their asses with those results . 
  exporting ? 
  same reason we export it to putin . 
  to sell it . 
  yes , that 's the whole point . 
  who would want to have an alliance with us that would require both sides to join eachother 's wars ? 
  sounds like the worst thing ever . 
  we even showed finger in regards to libya . 
  and we may , sadly , be about as pro-american as you guys . 
  something about `` fool me in iraq once , then go fuck yourself '', 
  we do n't invest in a navy nor try to project power around the globe so our ground and other territorial defence forces are better than sheer number comparison would suggest , but you are right - surely nowhere near capabilities of france or uk . 
  especially since modernisation precess is not completed yet and while some formations have end of the line equipment others are still lacking . 
  poland has been hit by random russian sanctions quite a few times in the last decade or so , so we have some experience . 
  at first it looked quite bad , especially for our meat industry ( over 50 % of meat export was to russia at the time ) but as it turned out it was n't nearly as catastrophic . 
  exporters found new customers quite quickly and whole industry keeps growing . 
  seeing % s of import embargo'ed i 'd say that lithuania may need some financial help , but rest of eu will probably just walk it off . 
  nooooooo !, 
  not our goat sperm !, 
  yeah , they got hit pretty hard . 
  hopefully those market emergency funds in eu budget will be used to help their food producers first . 
  just ignore this guy , having read his posts i consider it a small miracle that he can even use a computer . 
  what 's the name of the one looking like a dildo ? 
  that 's simply incorrect . 
  with a typo too . 
  i was told that croatian prisons are very modest and that 's to get them used to those , 
  no it has n't really changed much , but atheists , anticlericals and simply non-religious people have been living there in peace since pretty much forever . 
  people rarely care . 
  much less than for example in the us . 
  saying that people are getting burned alive ( sic ! ), 
  for not being christians is the dumbest thing i 've seen this week . 
  and i 've been frequenting a lot of russia-related topics . 
  as a matter of fact my 76yo atheist ( and very outspoken about it ) grandmother has been living on the countryside for over half a century and she is yet to be burned at the stake or even become socially ostracised . 
  seriously - dumbest thing i 've heard in a long while :d, 
  really ? 
  damn , you people must really hate us . 
  and youselves . 
  i agree . 
  i 've grown to like it over the years along with many modernist buildings of communist era . 
  people.used.to hate them all back in the 90s but as it turned out most of them were one good wash away from being great architectural eye-candy . 
  warsaw central railway station is a great example . 
  so people think that it is based on modern polish state ? 
  who the fuck prophecies femine ? 
  i have and i really do n't have a clue what you are talking about . 
  i 'm serious . 
  i 'm all about complaining about overreachof religion but this just absurd on soooo many levels . 
  even in rural areas people usually do n't really give a shit or , worst case scenario , give you a stinky eye . 
  all that dates back 300 + years tho . 
  except funds for compensations like that are already allocated.in 2014-2020 eu budget . 
  tax wo n't be rised nor anything like that . 
  on the other hand russian consumers will experience quality drop and pricea rise in a matter of day or weeks . 
  i really prefer to be on this side of things , but whatever floats your boat . 
  overreaching islam is only marginally worse than overreaching christianity . 
  and that 's just in theory - in reality christisnity is way worse since it does n't get the same pushback . 
  it even feeds on false alternatives like `` christianity or fundamentalist islam '' . 
  i have the same accptance for both christians and muslims . 
  as.long as they keep their faith to themselves and not try to make others live by it . 
  and for now islam really is n't the worst offender in that department . 
  wait , what ? 
  have we ? 
  abortion is only in case of medical emergency or rape . 
  you need a prescription to buy the pill . 
  and i tuink minors have to show up to a gino with a parent ( not 100 % sure about last one ) . 
  sounds like a lot of room for improvement there . 
  tho i guess balanced labour law , paternity leave and things like that are done for quite a while now , so i assume that was your point . 
  embargo sure is pain in the ass , but whole fruit export to russia makes for fraction of a % of polish exports . 
  hardly a blow to the economy as a whole especially since in eu budget for 2014-2020 there are funds for compensations for farmers in situations.like that and poland already applied for it . 
  also to put things into perspective : poland alone exports more than russia , if you were not to count gas and oil , despite being almost 4 times smaller . 
  now add rest of the eu industry and realise the scale difference we are talking about here . 
  eu may feel russian sanctions here and there , but that 's about it . 
  medium size draught would be more costly . 
  as far as possible rise of russian agriculture goes , i would n't hold my breath . 
  it was a disaster in soviet times and hasnt really changed since . 
  i cant really see bigger loser in this whole affair than russian consumer . 
  how fucking hard to comprahend can it be ? 
  in eu affected ones will be farmers and food industry ( and they will get subsidized ) , while in russia it will be common folk paying more for food . 
  do you want us to draw you a picture ? 
  sounds very reasonable . 
  i wish we could just copy/paste most of it and get it over with . 
  poor obama - he must be devastated by this exquisite critique of his actions . 
  ok . sounds intriguing !, 
  good old space warfare switcharoo !, 
  i 'm sure there are some hungarians here who think that orban is a good idea and/or have voted for him . 
  can you guys tell us what makes you do that ? 
  many have , including uk . 
  it 's sooo last century . 
   they seem to be more accustomed to humans than the british ~ ~ squirrels ~ ~ . 
  ftfy, 
  i think i stated it not clearly enough - almost all of gypsies in poland are settled . 
  biggest problem there is with them is the fact that almost 30 % of roma children are n't going to schools , but besides that are limited criminal incidents , they are quite well integrated . 
  that 's why extent of / r/europe - wide hatred towards roma always shocked me . 
  either situation of roma in poland is very different from rest of europe or this is bullshit . 
  [ here ] ( http://pl.wikipedia.org/wiki/romowie_w_polsce#dzia.c5.82aj.c4.85ce_w_polsce_romskie_organizacje ) is , for example , the list of roma organizations in poland . 
  many of those who gave up nomadic lifestyle still consider themselves roma , participate in their own culture etc. 
  depends on a country and how big are their storage facilities . 
  probably up to 6 months without buying liquified gas from middle east . 
  tho surely not every country stockpiled it and agreeing on sanctions like that may be out of the realm of possibility for eu , maybe even in case or outright russian invasion . 
  i 'm not sure . 
  unlikely even assuming few month preparation . 
  on the other hand if eu was to stop buying russian gas in a heartbeat it would simply crush russian economy for years if not decades .
