  damn , that sucks . 
  we had no idea . 
  some schmuck told us that :  our leaders are doing fine . 
  our economy is doing just fine on its own , since subsidies are mostly on infrastructure . 
  also it 's hardly a handout , but negotiated deal where you get unlimited access to our market etc. 
  all that bs along the lines of `` all new member states should ask uk for the approval of every single euro that they are spending '' is getting old . 
  you invented modern journalism too , but based on level of political debate in uk one could say that it 's going the same road football gone , so you should probably worry more about that and other domestic issues and less about the poles . 
  hey !, 
  we are just concerned about quality of your leaders , 
  it 's not like he would be holy emperor of eu or something . 
  and assuming that any european armed forces would have to do any lifting seems a bit melodramatic at this point , even with all the shit going on in ukraine . 
  i do agree with him that eu should speed up this whole european army thing and that we probably should start rely on ourselves rather than on us in matters of security . 
  mostly because even they are starting to realise that simply being used , so it wo n't last much longer . 
  having said that , i really do n't think that he wants the job . 
  not now , at least . 
  eu fm is still has quite limited powers and , as you said , polish view on defence is , for obvious reasons , a tad different than one of countries like spain , france or uk , who are still at the point we were last year - their territory being in danger is beyond wildest dreams . 
  pushing his candidacy would be way smarter than what uk is doing about junker , but still very dumb . 
   leave a bad taste in everyone 's mouth ? 
  mostly orban 's , apparently . 
   a lawyer sits behind him , looking smug . 
  \u00c1bel . 
  hern\u00e1di asks him smiling : - \u00c1bel , tell jacek who 's the prosecutor in the case !, 
  - my wife . 
  wow . 
  i do bitch and moan about shortcomings of out judicial system a lot , but this is crazy . 
  things like that were happening around 1990 , but now ? 
  press and opposition would tear that guy , his wife and whole government limb from limb . 
  you guys should really look into that . 
  this is the way ukraine ended up as it is , after all . 
  `` using their brains '' would be my bet . 
  i 'd say that his hawkishness in about as it should be . 
  enough to not end up kneeling with a bankroll in your mouth like some , but not to the point of warmongering or some other stupidity like that . 
  talk about bad timing  i have my doubts about him but they sure dwindle with every leaked tape . 
  while this clearly is n't nice way to go about it , it would be hard to disagree with points they 're making . 
  this is just a small piece of it ( a juicy one tho ) , but few more tapes and i 'll get back to voting for those guys . 
   polish neo-nazi make less sense than jewish neo nazi . 
  also polish neo nazi in england ... 
  logical . 
  sadly borderline stupidity knows no boundaries and no banners . 
  do n't know about this incident but i know for a fact that those fucks exist . 
  and making shit up as you go without knowing any facts is the proper way ? 
  i also would n't say that they can pin it on anyone or w/e so i really do n't think that there is any better option . 
  this whole `` oh , government bad , we never know anything and they fuck us all the time '' bullshit is exactly that . 
  that sounds reasonable . 
  the reason i keep usa option in mind is fact that main opposition party is very pro-us and eurosceptic . 
  that being said , i hate conspiracy theories and simple * qui bene * `` investigations ' so , i 'd rather wait for official investigation instead of throwing wild accusations around ,, 
  we should probably wait for the recording itself since it was already updated that this bit :  we 'll get conflicted with germany and russia was actually : we 'll get conflicted with germany and ~ ~ russia ~ ~ france, 
  usa is one of the possible suspects but on my personal list `` rabid right-wing opposition '' and `` our beloved russian friends '' are higher . 
  true that . 
  you and me both . 
  you and me both ... 
  but to be honest i do n't think i know a person who would disagree with mr. sikorski here . 
  while that 's just an anegdotical evidence , i think that this opinion is quite common . 
  clearly nowak and belka tapes were most incriminating one ( tho with the second it 's a stretch in my opinion ) . 
  now it 's just damaging country without any gains , but battering ruling party . 
  sounds like treason territory to me . 
  proper conventional forces are every bit as effective as defence , but not nearly as costly ( mostly politically ) . 
  there is not even a discussion in poland about nuclear weapons as far as i can recall . 
   too bad he says one thing and does the other it 's in his job description . 
  also this is kind of tape that the person who recorded it should be thrown into prison very fast for very long time . 
  you know how diplomacy works , right ? 
  you are not supposed to run around telling everyone what you really think . 
  that 's the fucking point ... 
  sounds like he 's even more reasonable than i thought . 
  millions of years !, 
  millions !, 
  being debt free is obviously better , just not too likely at this point . 
  are n't bonds something country sells for set number of years using agreed interest rate , so once their are sold they have little impact on selling country and all that matters is an interest rate of new bonds ? 
  i never said it was the issue . 
  my point is that starting the tax cuts from the top is the worst way to start . 
  so i do n't cry about flat tax rates . 
  and yes , lowering the vat is clearly much better idea . 
  first of all 15 % would be impossible to achieve at this point , so it would have to be some bigger number . 
  and since this way you get less taxes from people who used to pay higher rates you need to get more money from those who did n't in order to get the same tax income . 
  ca n't see any gains from this change . 
  i 'm all for lowering the taxes but starting that by cutting them for highest earners is absurd way to go about it . 
  i sure love the fact that he came to his senses about 3 * 15 % . 
  linear tax like any other way of giving huge brakes for the rich is terrible , not working idea . 
  just ask americans .6, 
  i sure love the fact that he came to his senses about 3 * 15 % . 
  linear tax like any other way of giving huge brakes for the rich is terrible , not working idea . 
  just ask americans . 
  and that 's exactly how i 'd describe tusk . 
  i especially like how fast he realised that neo-liberalism is ending and stopped pushing for stupid ideas derived from it . 
  i have to disagree . 
  compared to rest of the western world they proved quite capable in my opinion . 
  do n't get me wrong , i have my own list of complaints and am pissed about numerous unresolved issues but sadly none of opposition parties seems capable of doing better job . 
  i do , however , hope that out left will pull their head out of their asses , discard politicians like miller or napieralski and then get enough votes to be quite strong coalition partner . 
   in theory he does n't have control over these agencies - in practice he does . 
  well , he surely has some influence , but in situation like that he is fucked either way . 
  if he is n't trying to influence them , he is attacked for not doing so , and if he would put pressure on them he would be attacked for exactly that . 
   `` moron '' journalists proved to be journalists - releasing secret materials and making huge scandals out of small things is what journalists are supposed to do . 
  i much prefer such journalism to `` on knees '' journalism of gazeta wyborcza regarding po or rzeczpospolita regarding pis . 
  making shit up , misquoting sources and spewing nonsense without checking what , for example , law is first has nothing to do with good journalism . 
  i 'd argue that having brain and using it is still mandatory to achieve that `` good '' part , tho clearly not to become a journalist . 
   even when it comes to small corruption in government ( like in this case ) the only response i can accept as a voter is - terminate with extreme prejudice . 
  do n't say `` mistakes were made '' and do nothing . 
  fire people involved . 
  do n't punish the messangers . 
  tusk is doing that completely wrong , he tries to cover the people involved , either he suddenly become a weak leader , or he has something to fear .
