  if you had a normal multi-party democracy your politics would n't have degenerated like that . 
  libertarians would vote for libertarians , socialists for socialists , centrists for centrists etc. 
  if you wo n't fix that you 're screwed . 
  and since the inertia in your politics is so high you sure as hell wo n't . 
  ergo , you 're fucked :(, 
  all of the reports suggest that he won because of disenfranchised blue collar voters , trade unionists and a such thanks to his anti-open trade and anti-establishment rhetoric . 
  all the people that sanders would have in a bag . 
  also all the studies from the time of primaries were showing easy victory by him over trump while predicting clinton loss . 
  germany is doing ok in that department , so i did n't really mean them , but when it comes to countries such as uk , france , spain , greece , poland etc. 
  ( neo ) liberals are pretty much despised by the majority and them clinging to power , not understanding their mistakes together with media establishment defending the status quo are just giving victory to the far-right on the silver plater . 
  liberalism is dead , time to support the new left or keep pretending it 's business as usual and thus give power to the far-right . 
   the clinton supporters do you mean `` trump opponents '' ? 
  wow . 
  have n't thought about it . 
  democratic party sure fucked you all over . 
  and you sure been bending over for years if not decades , waiting for it . 
  and to think that if liberals were n't so afraid of left-winger messing up their oligarchy sanders would most likely be called a winner by now ... sure how european establishment will learn a thing or two . 
  you 're really into rocks , are n't you ? 
  whole thing is made up . 
  check other comments . 
  hdp are a democratic left very similar to podemos or corbyn 's labour so they , among other things , promote and practice institutional gender equality . 
  i 've met a few of them here in poland since [ we ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/razem ) 're cooperating with them a little bit and they 're really great guys . 
  well educated , brilliant young politicians every eu country would be lucky to have . 
  difference between them and the ruling akp is mindboggling . 
  so looks like we are at `` first they came for the socialists ... '' part of the story . 
  a democratic left-wing opposition that got 5 million votes in last election is being jailed under terrorist link pretenses by a the islamist-xenophobic jingoistic authoritarian cunts . 
  just fucking great . 
  what are you more ? 
  an utter moron or a homicidal far-right nutjob ? 
  i ca n't really tell . 
  it is very much independent from religion in poland as well . 
  it 's pretty hard to botch a death rate data collection . 
  i 'd imagine it 's due to the quality of healthcare . 
  our cardiology is pretty damn decent . 
  have n't you heard ? 
  they 've been overrun by pirates and are now held for ransom somewhere . 
  i mean , i love me some russia blaiming as much as the next guy , but i 'm not quite sure it makes sense here ... 
  since the grammar is so barebones they are needed to clarify how various words interact with one another within a sentence and between them . 
  that 's one part , rest is kinda pointless and more in the realms of orthography . 
  i mean ... how can one think i 'm being serious ? 
  author must have mixed up czechia ( often called czechland ) with completely different country called czech republic . 
  that 's probably where those discrepancies come from . 
  is n't a stereotype supposed to be something false ? 
  mostly due to the time passed and stiff competition in that department . 
  you find sodomizing russian children hilarious ?!, 
  you monster !, 
  while his arguments are stupid , the idea is n't new and has been toyed with for well over a decade , mostly due to russian side interfering with our shipping . 
   no you are n't . 
  this is a talking point that has no basis in reality . 
  it does n't matter how often it is debunked , it just keeps popping up . 
  can you point me in the direction of a piece that debunks the danger of quality regulations being set to the lowest common denominator ? 
  the gist of it is that we 're endangering our quality regulations and our sovereign right to implement a new ones for a minuscule to small trade increase with a 2nd rate trade partner . 
  i 'm yet to hear reasonable answer to the claims that ceta is a trojan horse for us corporations through nafta . 
  all in all the balance of risks and possible benefits is so far off here that this whole deal should n't even be considered . 
  and years of widely praised polishing of that turd failed to fix the most important issues . 
  being under 5 % for 25 years in a row is a definition of irrelevant , 
  i would n't say that poles are either inherently left or right wing . 
  few people abroad remember it now , but 10 years ago country was ruled by socialist left alliance ( sld ) , a postcommunist , anti-clerical party after they got 40 % of the votes in the election . 
  and in the last 8 years all of the elections were won by centrist po . 
  downfall of those both parties and rise of pis is very much of their own making . 
  after this term ( it remains to be seen if it will be a full one ) things will definitely swing back to the center , or even all the way to the left . 
  th bright side of it is that if they go ahead with it , it will simply kill them as a relevant party for at least a decade . 
  not sure what they 're smoking , but it 's pretty obvious that they ca n't win elections by solely pandering to those few % of catotaliban voters . 
  election took place at the end of a long 10 year period of duopoly of two parties - previously ruling po and pis . 
  no other parties really mattered . 
  that situation helped po to stay in power for 8 long years till people were so fed up with them that they voted for their enemy . 
  it was easier since pis pretended that they got ever their hardline conservative obsessions and they just want to focus on more social economy . 
  other two established parties were discredited post-communist left-in-name-only sld and agrarian ultra-nepotist psl . 
  both with support around 5-8 % . 
  at the same time 3 new parties were taking shape - neoliberal . nowoczesna , populist-conservative kukiz '15 ( technically not a party , but w/e ) and new left , social-democratic razem ( think corbyn 's labour , but with central-european view of russia ) . 
  . nowoczesna was seen as a new incarnation of po , just more neoliberal and thus mostly got votes of pissed po supporters with such economical views landing at 12 % . 
  kukiz '15 was quite successful , but that was mostly a protest vote with an iron ceiling of 15 % or so . 
  razem being the newest and considered totally irrelevant have not gotten any media coverage will the very last week of the election and ended up with 3,6 % below 5 % threshold thus only managing to prevent their rivals on the left - sld from getting any seats . 
  overall situation happaned to be very convenient for pis . 
  he obviously talks about forcing women to do that , just not in cases where their life and health ( sic ! ), 
  is in danger . 
  poland was the most `` liberal '' country in the eastern block , or as it was called at the time `` most joyful hootch in the socialist camp '' , so it was easiest to come here and take pictures without secret police controlling your ever move . 
  whole thing ai n't over yet , either . 
  oberprimeminister kaczy\u0144ski just went off the deep end saying : `` we want for even very difficult pregnancies when the child is severely deformed and will surely die end with birth , so it can be christened , have a name and a funeral . '', 
  `` only if the life and health ( sic ! ), 
  of a other is n't in danger , though '', 
  whole rout was very enjoyable to watch . 
  last time i 've seen government backpedaling so fast was after acta protests few years back . 
  i 'd bet you the same left hand that if there were no protests the bill would have passed as proposed . 
  if protests were smaller there might have been a laxer version , but still . 
   quite a risky bet , as i think a lot of pis and k '15 mps will vote for the bill , but not enough of them for it to pass . 
  so the exact same outcome there was going to be with or without any demonstrations . 
  told ya . 
  i 'm not sure . 
  they 've been pulling a lot of shit like that , but not nearly as blatant so i do n't know what is the legal situation . 
  till now those things mostly worked on custom and common courtesy , but pis does n't have much regard for either . 
  since they 're pulling similar or worse things every week or so and in this case their u-turn is actually along with the agenda of the opposition ( save the desire to grill them using it ) it will probably be left alone . 
  `` pro-life '' organizations may want to protest or sue in some way , but as i mentioned , i 'm not really sure how would that work . 
  have you listened to any pis politicians or watched the government tv last week ? 
  they sure as hell supported it . 
  it is a political matter so political parties are the proper tools for this topic . 
  and as a member of razem i have to point out that we 've both kickstarted the whole thing on internet with #czarnyprotest campaign and organized dozens of demonstrations on our own , so saying that we want to `` capture '' it and that it 's `` disgusting '' is a bit of a stretch ... 
  till today i 'd say that the most likely option was for pis new `` compromise '' to come through and them trying to sell it as a sensible middle-ground . 
  as 2nd most likely option i would had named passing the whole thing in the middle of the night hoping that people will forget about it till next elections and 3rd that they 'd bury it in commissions and never actually put it to the vote . 
  the interesting part is that they clearly got scared enough to put this shitshow of killing the bill withing 24h .
