  i sure as hell give more of a fuck about it than about your pointless drivel . 
  if you 're not interested there is that little thing called `` the rest of the internet '' you can entertain yourself with . 
  where do you see `` stalinist flags '' there ? 
  even assuming that `` stalinist flag '' is a thing it would have to be hammer & sickle and those clearly are n't such . 
  on castro he is n't wrong , and the `` stalinist voice '' bit is a fairly ridiculous opinion piece from 2 years ago . 
  i mean , how do you even have 2015 editorials laying around ? 
  fact that people call you a dick does n't mean that you should attempt to wear condoms as a full body suits , mate . 
  remember that little 3rd testicle-like thing you have , slightly above the other 2 ? 
  that 's what they 're for !, 
  i know , right ? 
  from now on whenever someone take a photo they should ask themselves if photoshopping saruman into it would make him stand out . 
  [ if the answer is `` no '' ] ( https://i.redd.it/ojmlkkodq4zy.jpg ) you may want to rethink that shoot . 
  this one actually annoyed the fuck out of me . 
  fact that nazi germany have not used chemical weapons in warfare is a fact and something that made this horrific war a tad less so . 
  attribution of that decisions to hitler is an accepted fact for decades now and it derives from his experiences as a soldier on western front during wwi . 
  there really is very little you can praise hitler for , as you all know , but his stance on this issue saved hundreds of thousands if not millions of soldiers and civilians alike from gruesome death and prevented environmental devastation on continental scale . 
  saying that `` even hitler did n't use chemical weapons . '', 
  is a perfectly reasonable thing to say , especially when criticizing their use . 
  bunching this topic together with use of cyclon b in gas chambers makes no sense and only speaks to willful or actual ignorance of the media . 
  few day circus that followed only bolstered public ignorance on the issue as the coverage was limited to heckling with as many pairings of trump and hitler in one sentence as one can fit . 
  as if you need to act like a fucking moron to find things to criticize trump for . 
  yeah , my money is for a while now on early dementia . 
  idk , it has a sleazy ceo vibe to it . 
  if i did n't know it 's a pm 's office i 'd be looking for the lines of coke and half burnt 100 $ bills in the ash tray . 
  i think that either ornate or minimalist are the way to go . 
  at least for me . 
  splitting hairs . 
  i 'd rather have a guy paint something in a break to relax , than fly half the country to play golf . 
  finland has a lots of booze . 
  not a lot of crime when everyone is drunk stiff . 
   yep , even stalin himself was georgian . 
  other key figures were germans , lithuanians , poles and i even seem to recall a georgian . 
  there is a reason why many nationalists in russia consider ussr period an occupation by outside forces . 
  `` ethnic '' russians were relatively few and far between . 
  oh , if only they went full retard like that ... 
  cathotaliban is the term . 
  islam , catholicism ; potato , potato . 
  extremism is in its core the same . 
   i guess when you have one ideology literally advocating the wipe out of jews than the rivsling ideology can become quite attractive . 
  shocking !, 
  truly shocking !, 
  so a left wing party gone batshit crazy ( if media are to be believed ) and presented a left wing program which resulted in rising approval . 
  who knew ? 
  while macron may be indeed pro business from our perspective , he would be quite close to sanders by us standards . 
  well , he speaks better english , so that would be an asset . 
  oh , what the fun we had here before / r/azzazeal showed up . 
  it was glorious !, 
  when the prosecution of such special ~ ~ snowflakes ~ ~ human beings as / r/dexiantoniu will end ? 
  really ? 
  that 's incredibly interesting . 
  i never really heard the composition of ottoman forces involved in [ the battle ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_khotyn_\\ ( 1673 \\ ) ) being discussed or its significance to bosniaks mentioned . 
  could you write a bit more ( a lot more , if possible ) about it ? 
  nothing is a problem when you can launch 90kg stone projectiles a distance of 300 meters . 
  extend range you say ? 
  i 'm ok with that !, 
  as a historian i 'd argue that it is shitty history 101 . 
  no small part of effort during the education of young historians goes into dispelling such notions . 
  most are in regions that have n't really been populated since around their creation and are basically piles of rocks . 
  on top of that every such `` building '' on british isles has been frantically checked by archeologists since such excavations are dirt cheap . 
  at the same time places such as mezopotamia , anatolia or most of egypt have really barely been touched . 
  and since they had the civilization there for at least 4 times longer they 've built on most of their piles of rubble from that era thousands of years ago . 
  to be honest that 's mostly because we did n't have anything resembling civilization ( or very little of it ) for the most of that time . 
  half of those piles of rocks from top 50 would have been cleaned up 3000-4000 ago to make place for an actual building 10x the size of all of them combined , if they were somewhere within fertile crescent . 
  and while every other rock on british isles had full archeological check-up performed on it , more half of even the biggest mesopotamian [ tells ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tell_\\ ( archaeology \\ ) ) have n't been really touched yet . 
  i would n't need-quotation marks for that , would i ? 
  out of all the people who 's views you should ignore he 's up there with `` the best '' . 
  mostly that he does it very little and extremely poorly at that . 
  i mean our government is bad beyond all reason , but trump still makes them all look like fucking geniuses . 
  watching his is outright unreal . 
  been there , done that , got a t-shirt . 
  it did n't age very well ... 
  his interview with economist is n't an anonymous source . 
  and it sure makes it all look very plausible . 
  you better explain what happened to all the penguins that used to live in lithuania . 
  i do n't even like the czech beer and i found it offensive . 
  that only shows that you ca n't fight your genes . 
  i specifically mentioned that i do n't claim that it is just . 
  it is just how those things work due to how humans are wired . 
  a fact of nature ( society ? ), 
  if you will . 
  based on how bad `` season of storms '' was i 'd rather have him stay away from this one . 
  sadly bagi\u0144ski is n't particularly stellar either . 
  one hopes for good screenwriters and dedicated producers as it was the case with got . 
  while i definitely would n't use the language you use to wire this i do agree with the gist of what you say . 
  that opinion piece on the witcher 3 has been one of two worst examples of what i call `` cultural imperialism '' by parts of us left . 
  if the game was an us game , based on us fiction or something along the lines i 'd say that he 'd have the point . 
  us has serious racial issues and the media are a part of bigger culture and can be judged on that premise . 
  problem starts when a us author wants the rest of the world to comply with their own culture and issues as if it was somehow superior to others and always has to be taken into account and tailored for if some piece of art or entertainment is made for international audience . 
  such person should be promptly and loudly asked to fuck off . 
  it actually pisses me off twice over since as a pretty radical leftist myself i get bundled with those undereducated and overego'ed fuckwits like that guy or [ this excuse for a feminist ] ( http://feministing.com/2013/10/03/wow-that-lorde-song-royals-is-racist/ ) . 
  their ineptitude and zeal is also a not-insignificant cause behind the whole alt-right sewage . 
   whitewashing asian/black cultural myths/lore is wrong and racist but blackwashing white cultural myths/lore is hip and edgy . 
   the sheer hypocrisy of the left on race never ceases to amaze me . 
  i 'm not 100 % serious here nor really think that idris elba would be a good fit ( he 'd be great bond tho ) . 
  and i think that you overuse the term hypocrisy here . 
  those things are like a pendulum . 
  if things are skewed one way for a long time and the change comes the pendulum tends to swing in another direction and there are `` abuses '' * by people who are still angry over the injustice and want some `` payback '' . 
  it 's not right , but humans are n't machines and this is just how those things happen . 
  it passes sooner rather than later . 
  but lately you then get those who `` benefited '' from the previous situation , or simply got blamed via group responsibility and now get riled up over that change and the injustice of pendulum swinging away from them .
