  people got really overenthusiastic about us in years after fall of communism , but came to their senses recently and see that our relation in eu are much more important , even in times like this . 
  having said that i 'd say that it is at least partly mutually beneficial . 
  for example poland has started working on convincing our eu partners to the idea of eu army . 
  i know , right ? 
  as an eastern european one has to have a very schizophrenic view on us politics . 
  republicans and what they stand for is bloody revolting , but they sure are handy once in a while . 
  european tax mean people i guess i got to be nicer ... 
  is it that bad ? 
  i mean poland under kaczynski was a joke but i did n't think to go that far . 
  a bit too chewy for my liking . 
  but i never had an opportunity to try it in spain , so maybe here they are n't prima sort . 
  now we 're talking !, 
   ~ ~ action movie ~ ~ ~ ~ isis style ! ~ ~ every country at some point style !, 
  ftfy, 
  i 've read about it 2 days ago in mainstream polish media too . 
  and cited `` rzeczpospolita '' has n't been right-wing for few years now . 
  i would n't call it `` wishful '' . 
  russia is the devil we know and china of the leash could be much , much worse , especially knowing levels of racism still in their culture . 
  if 2014 thought us anything it is that armies on paper are n't worth the paper they are written on . 
  ukraine and iraq are the most glaring examples but even kurds turned out to be overhyped to some extent . 
  i 'd argue that most of russian army ( save few elite-ish divisions that got properly funded in previous years ) are on the level of pre-conflict ukraine 's army . 
  knowing how fall of communism looked like i would n't be surprised if we 've been shaving with 90 % of those tanks for 2 decades now . 
  after all most of the love for putin comes from the fact , that before him the country functioned about as well as last year 's ukraine . 
  still - turning cities to rabble is an artillery 's job . 
  it 's only fair if rest of europe helps russia in their efforts to help ukraine !, 
  so now both things are somehow true : 1 . 
  suggestion to send troops to help ukraine defend its integrity means one wants the war with russia . 
  there is no russian invasion of ukraine , those are just rebels . 
  yeah , that 's literally hitler ... 
  none of those calls for war with russia . 
  help or even military support does n't have to come as `` boots on the ground '' . 
  and even if then there is no russian military in ukraine , remember ? 
  apparently yhe problem is n't making things up but inability to understand what you are reading . 
  care to link some examples ? 
  i think you are imagining things ... 
   i dunno , i feel like the russians have some grievances that are legitimate . 
  as do pro-eu ukrainians . 
  so for me , to side completely with the ukrainian government is wrong . 
  they are not saints themselves . 
  oh , * some grievances are legitimate * ? 
  my bad then , guess invasion was in order !, 
   the only people who want war are americans and eastern europeans who ca n't wait to get `` revenge '' and start killing russkies and finally get their war . 
  i doubt anyone wants war . 
   all i see everyday is dumb comments from polaks and baltics about how russia needs to be nuked from orbit and how america + eu needs to send its entire military to eastern europe and initiate barbarossa 2.0 do you ? 
  i 'm on reddit arguably too much and i have n't seen one in weeks . 
  sounds like something you pulled out of your ass , just like the `` observation '' above it , to have an excuse for ethnic slur . 
  just imagine we based out opinion of uk on your comment . 
  `` country of brainless nationalists and all around cunts '' would call for an invasion as well . 
  people ( especially ones in the media ) like to simplify stuff . 
  as long as said governments agree that it is indeed an armed attack - yes . 
  but that proven to be problematic as of late . 
  ukrainian shenanigans were mostly imported too . 
  while i 'd still consider invasion of baltic states very unlikely , it is by no means impossible in current situation . 
  poland ? 
  not because of nato ( that has no automatic response clause , just like budapest memorandum ) , but because there is no instability or ethnic minority to exploit . 
  while we learned that list of things eu/american governments are willing to choose to believe is very long , i doubt that pro-russian separatists in eastern poland are on it . 
  so that leaves open and swift invasion as an only option and that would n't be something nato can overlook . 
  i 'm at least 90 % sure . 
  also polish army is probably strong enough to hold on their own in conventional conflict for enough time . 
  none of the above is particularly true for them so if there will be a play for a nato country it will start there . 
  foreign policy based solely on complaining and being offended by everything . 
  kind of isolationism but with farting in all directions . 
  probably anti-russian and a bit anti-german too . 
  as far as internal policy goes it would be anti-corruption hysteria , possibly some back-pedalling on gay rights , abortion laws , in-vitro treatments , transplants and whatnot , but it would be 90 % talk and 10 % doing something stupid . 
  not much more beyond that , till government finally collapses in 2-3 years and current governing party wins next election . 
  yeah , and it 's clearly very deceptive kind of servitude when supposed serfs are reaping most of the benefits . 
  while great eastern beacon of civilisation is driving itself into recession by living some crazy xix century dream . 
  i ca n't help but shake my head in disbelief reading what you write here . 
   only russia is losing land this way , but they can afford it . 
  yeah , i mean who gives a fuck about countries like ukraine , belarus or lithuania anyway , right ? 
  hard to tell at this point . 
  recent polls give pis ( ultraconservatives ) 6 point lead . 
  we all know that it is n't worth a damn , once kaczynski opens his mouth and everyone gets flashbacks from his time in office . 
  maybe it 's a wishful thinking , but i would n't be surprised by 9th ( or is it 10th ? ), 
  pis defeat in a row . 
  you realise that new weapons being placed on our borders by russia is nothing new , right ? 
  it has been happening for over a decade now and we are yet to throw a tantrum or send unmarked militia there . 
  new massive russian presence would be troubling and would require accurate response , therefore being a pain in the ass , but only due to russian track record of invading neighbours and sheer `` massiveness '' of the forces there . 
  none of the nato countries on russian borders have capabilities to invade russia on their own or even together and there are n't any plans involving putting there joint nato forces with strength nowhere near required to do that . 
  therefore your argument that nato is somehow trying to encircle russia only to invade ( ? ), 
  it or w/e is bullshit as long as it is n't amassing forces that could actually do that . 
  and that clearly is n't happening and there is no indication that it would happen or that there is any will do do so . 
  that makes russia the aggressive side in this whole sabre-rattling affair . 
  but believe me , if there will be plans of putting numerous nato armored divisions , paratroopers , artillery and whatnot on nato/russia border i 'll give you the call so we can coordinate protests against stupidity . 
  like the ones against russian stupidity taking place now . 
  edit :  replace them with georgia and ukraine , and suddenly it 's not so stupid . 
   the russians did n't overthrow an elected president and establish an illegal government . 
  yeah , like those have so much in common . 
  idea that cia ( or whoever ) and not actual ukrainians were behind maidan is stupid and has no evidence behind it , while elections in ua and the fact that no one wants the president back ( even his own party ) speak for the different story . 
  and fate of yanukowitch or legality ( or lack thereof ) of his toppling is n't any of russian 's business . 
   as anybody with sense will say about nato . 
  good that nato , unlike russia has n't send any forces there . 
  hell , we haven ; t even support kiev with arms , and we really should have . 
   excellent !, 
  then let us put as many nukes as we can in cuba , and create a powerful russian caribbean fleet !, 
  do n't you dare call it an aggressive action , if cuba volunteers then it is merely a peaceful act of cooperation with no intent to intimidate or leverage !, 
  then maybe we will arm mexico and allow it to attack american soldiers on the border . 
  we mean to do nothing but protect our interests and protect good-ole democracy , this is not aggression !, 
  then perhaps we will fund riots and an illegal coup in canada , whereupon they will immediately begin to integrate into the eurasian union !, 
  nato has no right to a sphere of influence , we in russia are the good guys that know best and everything we do is peaceful and democratic , totally not aggressive .
