almost every one . 
  tho i thing we were going for paris of the north , if i 'm not mistaken . 
  source : http://prosperity.com/#!/ranking us scored 1st on health index , so idk how relevant whole thing is ... 
  so czech public actually supports those views ? 
  damn ... 
  i think people would be more concerned about what he said to focus on how he said it . 
  he would have been torn apart for speech like that . 
  that 's because koran is read in mosques in arabic - language that most of the turks do n't understand , so they do n't understand the sermon/preach . 
  i based it on a project by a group of oxford history students i know who surveyed several hundred english high school students and only 4 % of them were able to give an example of something bad their country done . 
  later i asked quite a lot of brits about it myself and most of them said that when it comes to post-medieval history they mostly learned on how great the empire was , bit or two about victorian era , then fast forward to wwii and that 's about it . 
  brits due to the way they went through wwii never got around to changing the way they teach history , so they suffer from a very bad case of exceptionalism , challenged only by the one plaguing us . 
  i 'd argue that it is a root of most things like this . 
  many of them are quite certain that they are literally the best humanity has to offer . 
  by a long shot . 
  i honestly ca n't tell if eu immigrants are good or bad , but whole affair is ridiculous either way . 
  no major eu enlargement is.coming and those who were to emigrate to uk have done it long time ago . 
  the more i follow uk public the more amused i am . 
  i 've known 6 year olds who are harder to manipulate . 
  it puzzles how much of rhetoric like one above is being thrown around lately . 
  i know we have crisis , we have unemployment and 100 other things we are n't pleased about , but with all those things we are still most lucky bunch on a planet due to being born here . 
  and yet people are so fucking full of themselves that 1 $ / year per eu citizen in order to save thousands of people from awful death seems like too much of a hassle . 
  and at the same time we obviously find ourselves morally superior to p. much everyone else out there . 
  yeah , and it 's making things worse when some legit concerns about pc end up swept together with nonsense spewed by racist troglodytes . 
  tho i guess issues of `` pc gone too far '' are usually more amusing than harmful , so we have that going for us . 
  i imagine they 'd accept an offer like that . 
  `` we are n't the very worst '' does n't sound like a much of an accomplishment , does it ? 
  it will hardly bring more than an eye roll and a snarky comment , but whatever fits your narrative . 
  according to the article he said no such thing . 
  pathetically editorialized title . 
  huh ? 
  is there anything impractical about it beyond transnistria issue ? 
  assuming that the the idea is popular amongst moldavians as well , that is . 
  far-right just scored 6 % in national elections ( less than in many european countries that are not experiencing bloody invasion/civil war ) , so claiming that `` one side is a bit less horrible '' based on few morons with swastikas is simply absurd . 
  whole german left has been yapping like that for months , acting as good old `` useful idiots '' , playing part written for them by papa putin . 
  one would imagine that election results will shut that narrative for good , but i see its very much alive and kicking . 
  sorry for the outburst , but few things piss me off more than clueless left acting as pawns of nationalistic interests of kinds like putin . 
  we do n't see the point in adding sentences up like that . 
  guy sure is a moron , but one can assume that 10 years of therapy will set him straight enough to not be a danger for the society . 
  what would be the benefit of jailing him for 1000 years anyway ? 
  sometimes it seems that justice system in us is treated as some kind of game and it 's only point is to get as high of a score as possible . 
  i do n't think he means it has to or should be done right now . 
  more like a `` in case '' scenario . 
  and about the whole idea ? 
  idk , really . 
  seems not 100 % crazy and with some valid points , but i just ca n't imagine it being seriously discussed , yet alone introduced . 
  there goes my chemical attack plan :(, 
  what the fuck that even means ? 
  `` were never a country '' , `` were never a nation '' ? 
  so they were n't a nation yesterday for example ? 
  and polish actions in xviii century ukraine do fit the definition of colonization . 
  look it up . 
   most year , sure . 
  i do n't know much about poles in uk , but whenever i see someone making grand statements based on `` data '' pulled out of their ass , i have to assume i encountered a moron . 
  empire in english means both `` imperium '' and `` cesarstwo '' . 
  he probably thinks about the latter . 
  has n't she written in her book that sex was consensual ? 
  i 'm all against his extradition but you are both talking out of your as and are bloody retarded calling her ( or anyone else , especially 13yo ) a whore . 
  french part was answered , but on why they are trying to extradite him from poland puzzles me . 
  it 's not the first time this came up and there is literally no chance of it happening . 
  poland.has extradition treaty with the us but only extradition her own citizens if penal codes match on that particular case . 
  and they do n't on so many levels . 
  first of all the crime is past its statute of limitations here , then sentence of 50 years in prison that is looming over him is viewed as unproportionate in our law and then there are several circumstances that would affect the sentence that wo n't be taken into account in us ( reconciliation with the victim , different social norm at the time , sex was consensual , defendant is clearly no longer a threat to the society in that department and so on ) - all perfectly good reasons for polish judge to refuse extradition if it ever comes to ruling . 
  i 'd argue that we can compete . 
  and even if not , at least we hav ' t murdered any of ours , 
  unless it will be screwed somehow it is n't such an awful idea . 
  local kids will benefit from having a proper place to play . 
  you are still on traditional 50-year post-genocide probation period , so just suck it up . 
  yeah . 
  40 years ago during party at jack nicholson 's house of all places . 
  sounds like a lot of bs to me . 
  `` shit , that 's a lot of angry white people . 
  still there are.better and worse ways of investing in infrastructure . 
  high speed.rail is extremely expensive and while very cool may not be the best bang for the buck . 
  20-30 % slower trains are much cheaper both to build and maintain so they can bean better option if you want a more dense net of rails and/or more stations along the way . 
  i really doubt that we are going to invest in super fast railroad , yet alone in region made of mostly forests and lakes . 
  there actually was a long debate in poland about how to develop our.railroad system and i think we reached a consensus that.while super fast train are cool , they are n't what we need , and we are going with much cheaper , more dense system of slower ( 160-ish ) railways . 
  not cool man . 
  our justice system in xviii century ukraine was much more liberal . 
  you should probably look as far as xii century and the mongols . 
  small update since article seeks to be 24h behind : translated version of the arrest request was submitted last night and in the morning acknowledged by prosecutor 's office . 
  mr polanski visited the office voluntarily later today leaving his contact information . 
  officials found no grounds for the arrest . 
  case will be continued , but mr. polanski is free to leave the country . 
  i think he was joking , was n't he ? 
  is there any other way to recognize a country other than unilaterally ? 
  also the main reason palestine would have trouble surviving on it 's own are years of crippling israeli occupation . 
  and while israel may be free to do whatever they think they need to survive , rest of the world is also free to call out their bullshit and criticize their outright segregatory and criminal policies . 
  well , they could have included eagle somehow . 
  huh , i was under the impression that palestine is commonly recognised . 
  i feel silly now . 
  today 's eastern germany . 
  remnants of western slavish tribes conquered by german rulers over 1000 years ago . 
  being transgender may be an issue in poland . 
  most of the.people do n't really care ( we have transgender mp for example ) but there sure is small but vocal minority eager to harass you about it , so it may be unpleasant in that matter . 
  as far as being asian tho i really would n't expect any problems . 
  do n't know about other central european countries , but here in poland vietnamese are the biggest recognizable minority and are very such accepted and considered model immigrants . 
  hello , i never encountered anti-asian racism on the internet here , yet alone in real life . 
  i doubt that it is much different in the rest of the region . 
  there is a video with that speech . 
  it was long time ago so it might have become an anecdote in france for example .
