  us world domination rests of shoulders of its numerous allies , who find its military potential useful , even if often `` stinky '' . 
  therefore us has to remain useful if it wants to keep its status as a lone superpower . 
  such are the costs of goals like that . 
  do we ? 
  really ? 
  well , at least being stationed in poland would be like a nice vacation compared to most of us military destinations . 
  and let 's face it - we really are n't all that bothered by needs of american taxpayer , more about our own . 
  and if our needs happen to coincide with psychological need of us political class to be relevant on european border with russia ? 
  win-win . 
  the whole point of all those tripwires is to prevent any fighting from ever starting . 
  what was your idea of our reasoning behind it ? 
  they can apply for refugee status , but only when they 're already in eu . 
  we force them to illegally enter eu by not allowing them to apply for asylum in eu embassies , despite the fact that our own laws make them eligible for said asylum . 
  this lad should be a poster boy for successful integration into irish society !, 
  not to be nitpicky , but those 3 rates in question have n't actually changed since at least 50s-60s ( basically from the point when society more or less recovered from wwii ) and were on the same level as in western europe . 
  crime rates spiked in the 90s due to groundbreaking changes for the society and weakening of the state , but were back to the levels of western europe ( or below - poland is , for example , 2nd safest oecd country after japan ) by the beginning of xxi century , before the eu accession in 2004 . 
  communist regimes in central european countries did * a lot * wrong but things like education and policing were never an issue . 
  we sure were ( to some extent are ) an economical shithole after the collapse of communism and in its last decades ( with dire effects on healthcare ) , but as far as other basic civilizational scores go , we 're never really behind . 
  what a steaming pile of `` blah blah blah '' . 
  go earn your elementary school diploma before attempting to discuss issues on the internet . 
  no one gives a fuck about your idea of what words mean - either cite a source for any of that crap , or do n't waste your keyboard . 
   but eastern europe was n't really great and is still behind in terms of statistics ( economy , education , literacy , health care , crime rates etc. ) . 
  actually that is n't true ( except economy , and healthcare unless you count it quality/money spent ) for most of ue eastern european nations . 
  those are two completely independent things with no definitive influence over one another . 
  look up the thing called `` dictionary '' , and then look up those two words there . 
  the what now ? 
  taking the population growth numbers from whole xx century and applying them to some racially charged pseudo-theory that is supposed to be relevant for xxi century must be the dumbest thing i 've read this week on reddit . 
  i do understand that racists usually are n't very smart to begin with , but man , that 's some ambitious level of stupid . 
  only ~ 2 % of all syrian refugees are in eu : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0jqqs2nnq5a, 
  i have a feeling that both lithuanians and belorussians need to be * a bit * more open towards one another when it comes to interpretation of history , but besides that it 's a great stuff , 
  damn , that 's very nice !, 
  love the style , music and a peak into belorussian point of view on our common history . 
  extremely interesting , tho i have a feeling that there will be * a few * , very * minor * details to iron out on belorussian-lithuanian line here  edit : i 'm totally stealing it for karma . 
  tee population transfers performed by soviets according to yalta agreements were almost complete . 
  there are almost no germans left on former german territories that were given to poland , and there are almost no poles left on former polish territories that were taken from poland . 
  people were simply forced to take whatever they can carry onto the train and leave for western territories that were being `` cleared '' of germans by red army . 
  as shitty deal for everyone involved as they come , really . 
  to this day those former german territories ( excluding silesia , that was actually at least partially polish for better part of 1000 years ) are the least populated areas with a bit awkward urban and communication structure . 
  szczecin for example , is kinda in a middle of nowhere and does n't really fit rest of the country . 
  but besides that , and maybe slightly higher crime rates in those areas it seems like most of the scars of forced relocations are now gone , and when it comes to irredentist ideas about lost eastern territories they enjoy a steady level of under 1 % support . 
  that 's actually a kind of a mistake in a video . 
  name `` rzeczpospolita polska '' is never used to describe a country before 1918 ( and since then to this day is an official name of the state differing it from other states that are called using a word `` republika '' ) . 
  till partitions whole country is ( and for the most part was ) simply referred to as `` rzeczpospolita '' ( `` the commonwealth '' ) or `` kr\u00f3lewstwo polskie i wielkie ksiestwo litewskie '' ( kingdom of poland and grand duchy of lithuania '' ) with polish part till around the end of xvii usually just called `` korona '' ( `` the crown '' ) . 
  that being said , while term polska or rzeczpospolita polska is never used for that period in modern historiography , it was actually used quite often , especially in xviii when polonization of lithuanians was almost full , while `` litwa '' was mostly meant as a region . 
  even 3rd may constitution , after invoking all the king 's titles including grand duke of lithuania , later only used phrases like `` polish nation '' and `` poland '' . 
  still - this name should n't have been used for 1795 bit , since in other places video uses names according to modern terminology ( such as `` rzeczpospolita obojga narod\u00f3w , that while common today , only appeared in xix century ) . 
  it 's great tool for a historian . 
  not to learn about your main area of interest , obviously , but perfect to educate yourself about things that are on peripheries of your scope and to check some simple facts such as dates of most important events in ( modern-ish ) historical figures ' lives , or something like that . 
  the best thing about it tho , is the access to multiple language versions . 
  i routinely used english , german , spanish , french , russian and ukrainian ones as well as few others depending on topic at hand . 
  it 's also superb for checking informations from other disciplines like medicine , biology , geology , economics and so on , that are almost always required for various research topics . 
  so it basically serves the same purpose as any other encyclopedia ( providing basic information on variety of topics ) , but way easier to access and much , much , * much * richer content . 
  i was on mobile , so i tried to get away with as few uncomfortable keystrokes as i possibly could . 
  i do n't disagree with you , nor i claim that easter european situation can be extrapolated to the rest of the world . 
  but i also do n't see a point in talking about great many crimes of the us when talking about russia . 
  same thing the other way around as well - none of ussr acts of aggression justify us ones during the cold war period . 
  just to be sure we 're on the same page . 
  i have no love for us international policy ( to put it mildly ) , but they clearly are n't an existential threat with few hundred years of credentials . 
  well , there is a reason that both countries do their best to keep russia in check while developing their own military potential and web of alliances . 
  they know that the only way to be safe from russia is by being strong enough . 
  different type of colonization , but treatment of ukrainians in xvi-xvii century is considered one of the fatal failures of our state . 
  and by fatal i do mean one of the main reasons it eventually ceased to exist . 
  it would be a shame to waste even a failed terrorist attack , huh ? 
  oh , but everyone is for coexistence with russia . 
  as long as they stay on their side of the fucking border , that is . 
  still seems waaay too punitive . 
  maybe it 's different in denmark , but even when max sentence is theoretically 6 years , it 's very , very unlikely that first time , non-violent offender will get anything worse than few months of suspended sentence , some community work , or no punishment at all . 
  assuming that people would go on the run when facing something like that does n't make sense . 
  jailing people for months is very damaging for their lives meaning loss of a job , failing a year at school or inability to support family . 
  as much as i hate to even partially agree with the gallery of `` just let them sink ! '', 
  human trash ( i 'm not trying to verbally abuse , it 's a technical term ) in this thread , sending them back to libya may indeed be the best option for everyone but smugglers . 
  in a long run it would save countless lives of people who will otherwise die at sea before help can arrive . 
  and since libya does n't really have a government that could protest at the moment ... 
  it 's a fucked up situation either way , but stream of boats seems to get bigger , rather than smaller as the time passes . 
  i do n't think there is much more to it , whatever the agenda of the op may be . 
  hardly a kind of crime that has to do continent-wide rounds . 
  guess what program i 've never heard of before i 'm going to try today ? 
  that 's actually a good thing , but why are you using jail against non-violent offenders ? 
  really ? 
  never seen policemen or anyone else securing a tram or a city bus . 
  i 'm pretty sure everyone is aware of that . 
  no one in their right mind will assume that this clown somehow represents slovak society as a whole . 
  tough gig . 
  how many immigrants can there possibly be in slovakia ? 
  any big change comes with a risk . 
  some changes prove to be a great idea , some fail , but if we were always clinging to what is known and familiar we 'd still have 8yo children working in factories , since ( according to factory owners at the time ) prohibiting that would make whole industry collapse . 
  basic income is n't something that was invented yesterday , there are some promising experiments with it all over the world and there are few ( if any ) other ideas on how our countries and markets should operate 30-50 years from now . 
  i 'd say it 's worth a good try . 
  almost all of drinking water in poland comes from natural underground reservoirs and big enough to sustain whole country for hundreds and hundreds of years , so we 're good on that front . 
  not that it matters when a graph is correctly labeled and can confuse only illiterate , but do tell me - what politicized point would that be ? 
  edit : except the fact that it uses 7yo data for no reason rendering it pointless , but that 's the whole different story . 
  same way atmospheric pressure graphs want to confuse the reader by starting around 950 instead of 0 ? 
  since eurovision . 
  obviously . 
  polish genes , clearly . 
  bullocks . 
  nothing beats russian vodka when you need to clean an oven or something like that . 
  i think the problem is that the same people will write `` all muslims are x or y '' in another thread 5 minutes later . 
  actually there are german units routinely stationed in szczecin ( stetin ) for years now . 
  can we stick to remotely important news from russia , please ?
