  you pass a pointless law to spite them , they do some stupid shit to spite you etc. 
  thing is that in the end it is majority that holds responsibility for the state of affairs since they are the ones who can really affect status quo . 
  discrimination is not about coherent law system . 
  fact that other minorities do n't have that right either does n't change a thing . 
  i 'm sure polish minority in lithuania will just point at signs in lithuanian that are in poland . 
  it is about feeling of being discriminated and laws like that do exactly that - solve no problems whatsoever while alienating the population . 
  and yet you people go out of your way to make his life easier by passing dumb laws like that one . 
  guess what would make him disappear ?!, 
  fixing all those puny minority-related issues you 've been trying to preserve for last 20 years . 
  he is your own doing . 
  that is interesting . 
  i had no idea . 
  til !, 
  i , myself , could n't care less about some street signs . 
  lithuania as a nation should n't either since i ca n't see how those limit rights of lithuanians in any way , shape or form . 
  but some people do and therefore legislation like this creates problems out of thin air and forces our politicians to criticise it , yours to get offended by our critique , ours annoyed by yours dismissal , yours outraged by our meddling in your internal affairs , and so on and so forth . 
  do n't you people have real problems to address ? 
  what 's the point in creating artificial ones ? 
  you guys just love to create problems for yourselves and others , huh ? 
  it 's bloody 2014 . 
  get over yourselves already . 
  pointless laws , fighting imaginary `` dangers to the nation '' while legitimising political charlatans . 
  great job lithuania !, 
  great job !, 
  and yet you are ok with this dirty proxy war ? 
  i also spoken generally about south-western eu left , not particularly you . 
  i may despise hillary , but it does n't matter . 
  she clearly has a point . 
  one that obvious that we really do n't need her to tell us that . 
  as far as i 'm concerned it could be khomeini telling this and i 'd still nod . 
  he 's not wrong . 
  for once . 
  it always boggles my mind how people on the left part of political spectrum can support russian jingoism . 
  or izraeli . 
  or any other . 
  sorry , i made an edit while you were responding :  tho i guess you have a point that ignorance has a lot to do with it . 
  explains why simple , unsubstantiated theories are so popular not only among intellectually lazy but also undereducated and , above all else , young people . 
  also could you link survey data you are talking about ? 
  iq tests are n't exact science and their quality varies from buzzfeed to clinical ones . 
  i 'll take a look in few hours once i 'll be back home . 
  besides that one can probably imagine that simple-mindedness of people like that fares well with something as simple as that kind of test . 
  it 's all fine and dandy till your beliefs make you believe in faulty causality that drives you to conclusions about reality that have no basis in facts and yet you believe in them due to said beliefs . 
  like libertarians or radical communists . 
  call it stupidity , call it ignorance , call it whatever you want but calling it intelligence simply is n't right . 
  failure to comprehend complexity of the world and inability to understand causality beyond very simplified formulas is an effect of extremely poor analytical skills . 
  it may not be * pure stupidity * but those people are , without a doubt way below average , while being certain that they 're way above it . 
  tho i guess you have a point that ignorance has a lot to do with it . 
  explains why simple , unsubstantiated theories are so popular not only among intellectually lazy but also undereducated and , above all else , young people . 
  this is getting ridiculous ...   gas prices are state controlled so they may not change at all for households , if need be . 
  it 's irrelevant . 
   state controlled gas prices ... may not change may change , or may not change . 
  depending on public reception you brought up . 
  making it irrelevant . 
  want me to draw you a picture ? 
  bloody trolls ... 
   razib khan did an analysis using a public survey data once , and found that the most extreme left-wingers and right-wingers in america were also the most intelligent . 
  a danish comp . 
  sci . 
  professor ( his qualifications are n't exactly relevant ... but he 's a smart dude ) i talked to about this found this reasonable - his point of view was that the more intelligent people were more likely to hold logically consistent views/unable to cope with cognitive dissonance . 
  and that inevitably leads to political extremism . 
  i think it 's a neat idea . 
  idk , that sounds like a definition of stupidity to me . 
  or to be exact an illusion of their own intelligence . 
  generally the more stupid person is the more he thinks he 's right . 
   you said that poland is about to get 100 % independent of russian gas . 
  i said that the best case scenario for that to happen is in 8 years , or does poland have a magical contract erasing machine too ? 
  now you lost me . 
  you argue against sanctions on russia due to possible gas-related actions by putin and part of the problem is the existing contract ? 
  that makes no sense . 
  none . 
  if contracts are kept it is the best case scenario anyway . 
  buying gas from russia is preferable since it can be simply cheaper than alternatives . 
  gas independency is about having backup . 
   but i think you 're intentionally ignoring the projected difference in prices and the expected reception by the public . 
  gas prices are state controlled so they may not change at all for households , if need be . 
  it 's irrelevant . 
  i 'm a bit confused by your response since it hardly makes any sense . 
  i 'll respond as i see it but you may want to expand it beyond meaningless soundbites . 
   in 8 years at best lpg terminal till be finish in late 2014 or early 2015 and will cover 50 % of polish gas demand . 
  on top of rising domestic production , interconnectors ( with germany and czech republic ) and expanded reserves it will simply make poland independent from russian gas . 
   38 million people burning coal polish domestic gas production is enough to supply all households that use gas for heating . 
  not sure what this bit is about . 
   radoslaw sikorski : '' ... the lng terminal may not be profitable but at least it will fly a polish flag '' obviously ca n't comment on half a sentence , that would be stupid , but point of lng terminal is not to have gas cheaper than it can be possibly bought from russia but to have alternative source of it and not have prices dictated or supply cut off . 
  yeah , yeah - russian gas is indispensable , nothing can be done , yada yada yada and yet poor poland is about to get 100 % independent from russian gas for both heating ( already is ) and industrial purposes . 
  took just a bunch of competent politicians and a few years . 
  people also forget that russian budget would simply collapse if putin was to stop selling gas to eu as a whole . 
  this is not even mutually assured destruction - eu can survive much longer without russian gas than russia without selling it . 
  whole this argument is simply bogus . 
  well , next time just ask us what to do , but listen for a change . 
   putin wo n't take poland , no worries . 
  oh i know . 
  that would be as suicidal as it gets . 
  no one is really worried about that . 
  poland is homogeneous country so proxy rebel-war is out of the question and while our army may not be able to win a defensive war against russia as of yet on it 's own it is quite a capable and hardened force . 
  surely good enough to prevent any form of crimea scenario . 
  and all that is purely theoretical since anything like that is geopolitically impossible even in light of ukrainian events . 
   but knowing how much most ukrainians in the west genuinely respect bandera makes me confused as to how you care about them so much . 
  do jewish people also care about germans who support hitler ? 
  of course , bandera was nowhere near that level , but it was n't for the lack of trying , he did a firstrate job of ethnically cleansing the west of ukraine from poles and whatever jews that germans did n't catch . 
  yes , bandera is a despicable figure but it 's not like we should hate germans to this day because of hitler .
