  some are even saying that gowin has grown a spine ( which arguably makes it all much less believable ) , or that snap election is not out of the question . 
  and the fact that a protest demanding the 3rd veto going on right now is n't any less numerous it all seems quite promising . 
  no , not really . 
  in both cases the problem was his catholic fanaticism . 
  according to recent ibris poll out of people under 31yo only 5 % supports the government while 82 % is against it . 
  check [ # 46 ] ( http://orka.sejm.gov.pl/druki8ka.nsf/0/fb1213b9d744be67c125816300269291/%24file/1769.pdf ) on the list of changes voted into the bill 2 nights ago under the illustrious guidance of piotrowicz . 
  the way it works : 1 . 
  once the bill passes moj publishes a list judges he wants to keep in supreme court . 
  if you are n't on the list you 're out . 
  if you are you * may * still be in . 
  then moj has 14 days to send separate requests to the national judicatory counsel to keep specific judges on the court . 
  if you are both on the aforementioned list and the request is send you are still in . 
  if you were on the list but no request was sent you 're out . 
  njc proceeds the requests and * only * requests and sends their ** nonbinding ** opinions on each of those to the president . 
  president decides if he wants to approve or not the candidate . 
  if you were o nthe list , the request was sent , but the president said `` no '' and you 're out . 
  i have n't noticed njc , since it has no say either way . 
  pm countersigns the president 's decision making it final . 
  in the whole process there is no way of being a judge without the will of moj and , only out of people picked by him , the will of the president . 
  on top of that the whole change is unconsitutional , since it was only voted into the bill between 2nd and 3rd reading and in all such cases in the past ( when the change was n't a part of all 3 readings ) constitutional tribunal struck down the bills in question . 
  edit : interesting tidbit being a cherry on top of it all is what changes were approved by the commission . 
  out of 975 proposed changes 100 % of the changes proposed by pis were approved and not a single one made by opposition . 
  and if you watched the `` proceedings '' you 'd know that both `` parts '' were voted * en bloc * , rather than discussed and voted on individually . 
  way of doing things have n't seen in sejm before . 
  if all of that is n't smashing the state and all its institutions into bits for ... 
  i actually do n't know what for , than i do n't know what is . 
  no , because it will not be possible to become a judge without ending up on a list of possible candidates made by justice minister . 
  that 's the only determining factor . 
  that in turn makes the him de facto a sole judge over who gets to be ... a judge . 
  if such power in hands of ziobro somehow does n't make you shit your pants imagine that assuming there will be a free election ( since it 's the now to-be setup by ziobro supreme court that decides if elections were fair or not ) , the next person to appoint all the judges may be schetyna or zandberg or who else . 
  are you really telling me that this shit is worth breaking the state to such extent ? 
  i do n't think they really exist anymore . 
  zieloni , ikonowicz and whoever else constituted the `` zjednoczona '' part have left long ago and are teaming up with razem for local elections while whoever is still semi-animated in sld slowly trickles to nowacka . 
  and if nowacka decides to go with razem over sld in next elections ( and both sides seem to send signals ) sld may be dead and buried . 
   petru is an alright economist but not a very good public speaker problem is that he 's not even that . 
  all signs seem to indicate that he is a borderline moron . 
  if my friends at sgh are to be believed he 's been given as an example to 1st year students that even a biggest tool can make a splendid career with their diploma in his pocket . 
  he 's predictions from the time he was an actual economists are ridiculously below the coin-toss levels . 
   pis probably won over their supporters in the rural regions with 500 + . 
  this is , in my mind , the biggest myth of ( polish ? ), 
  politics . 
  ( polish ? ), 
  people do n't ever vote with past , measurable successes and benefits in mind . 
  remember what roads and other infrastructure looked like 15 years ago and what it looked like last election ? 
  did n't help po one bit . 
  and if the modernization and life standards improvement done in 50s and 60s were to be kept in mind pzpr would still be in power . 
  people only look at what the party in question proposes and how trustworthy it is in its promises and in general . 
  the main reason pis is holding on to the polls is how bad at providing alternative the liberals in oppositions are and how little media traction left has . 
  as if they will be `` immigrants '' in 100 years ... one could almost assume it 's less about immigration and more about pigmentation . 
  also you may want to read up on british history . 
  as far as being overtaken by `` immigrants '' is concerned it happens to be a fairly regular occurrence in last 2 millennia or so . 
  do they ? 
  i mean , i 'd be the last to defend po but i would n't say they were corrupted . 
  even in case of reprivatisation i 'd opt for them being useful idiots ( when it comes to the top echelons ) rather than crooks . 
  i 'd say that prevalent trash contracts , taxing the poor via vat and other indirect taxes , refusal to deal with outright exploitation like people being hired for 4pln/hour by government agencies as well as famous `` switch jobs and take a loan '' were the major factor in that elections . 
  especially coupled with incessant propaganda of success that did n't reflect what people 've seen in their daily lives . 
  if you insist :  exposing manipulations of the government seems pointless , but since ministry of justice ( moj ) to justify its assault on the supreme court uses german model of electing judges to the federal justice tribunal ( bundesgerichtshof , bgh ) it may be wise to take a closer look at it and spot a key difference . 
    in the election procedure key role is , indeed , like in the us , played by the politicials . 
  bgh judges are elected by a special commission made of 16 justice ministers of 16 lands and 16 representatives of bundestag from lists put forward by the factions and selected with d'hondt method right after every election . 
    at the moment there are 18 representatives of cdu/csu in the commission ( 9 chosen by bundestag and 9 justice ministers of lands ) , 6 spd ( 5 +1 ) , 5 greens ( 1 +4 ) 2 die linke ( 1 +1 ) and 1 fdp ( 0 +1 ) . 
  this 32 people strong commission elects judges by secret ballot . 
  federal minister acts only in an organizational capacity and can , just like 32 members of the commission present candidates of his/her own . 
    that process is being criticized for being too politicized , but does n't evoke much controversy or emotion from the public . 
  it is n't a subject of big political struggles either and people appointed to bgh ( by bundestag ) are in general luminaries of legal professions , rather than politicians . 
  and here is an interesting tidbit : in all 9 local collisions cdu participates in they hold a position of justice minister , while spd despite being part of 10 local coalitions only has a single justice minister which results in the current cdu domination in bgh , that does n't seem to bother anyone . 
  a testament to the difference between a institutional strength and political culture on both sides of the oder . 
    so technically kaczy\u0144ski , ziobro and their acolytes could look for the justification for their `` reforms '' in germany , since in both cases politicians do , indeed , decide on the appointment of judges . 
  more so !, 
  at the moment members of a single party can decide !, 
  but even ignoring the political culture disparity it 's clear that that 's not really the way the system functions . 
    in germany , like currently ( or up till yesterday ) in poland judges are elected for life and can not be removed/reassigned/made inactive before reaching retirement age , except in most grievous of situations . 
  there is no way for federal justice minister to sack appointed judges or pick his own , as ziobro 's bill would make possible . 
  more like retired . 
  the problem of not having a party to vote for except pis is actually limited to conservative voters . 
  liberals have their po and . n to choose from , if they must ; people who are pissed at reality in general have kukiz ; those more socially-minded have razem and i guess centrists could go with psl . 
  and frankly 3/4 of current pis voters , most of which voted for them not out of love from kaczy\u0144ski , but due to anger at liberals , could find a suitable representation for themselves among aforementioned parties . 
  that 's just not true . 
  eng :  exposing manipulations of the government seems pointless , but since ministry of justice ( moj ) to justify its assault on the supreme court uses german model of electing judges to the federal justice tribunal ( bundesgerichtshof , bgh ) it may be wise to take a closer look at it and spot a key difference . 
    in the election procedure key role is , indeed , like in the us , played by the politicials . 
  bgh judges are elected by a special commission made of 16 justice ministers of 16 lands and 16 representatives of bundestag from lists put forward by the factions and selected with d'hondt method right after every election . 
    at the moment there are 18 representatives of cdu/csu in the commission ( 9 chosen by bundestag and 9 justice ministers of lands ) , 6 spd ( 5 +1 ) , 5 greens ( 1 +4 ) 2 die linke ( 1 +1 ) and 1 fdp ( 0 +1 ) . 
  this 32 people strong commission elects judges by secret ballot . 
  federal minister acts only in an organizational capacity and can , just like 32 members of the commission present candidates of his/her own . 
    that process is being criticized for being too politicized , but does n't evoke much controversy or emotion from the public . 
  it is n't a subject of big political struggles either and people appointed to bgh ( by bundestag ) are in general luminaries of legal professions , rather than politicians . 
  and here is an interesting tidbit : in all 9 local collisions cdu participates in they hold a position of justice minister , while spd despite being part of 10 local coalitions only has a single justice minister which results in the current cdu domination in bgh , that does n't seem to bother anyone . 
  a testament to the difference between a institutional strength and political culture on both sides of the oder . 
    so technically kaczy\u0144ski , ziobro and their acolytes could look for the justification for their `` reforms '' in germany , since in both cases politicians do , indeed , decide on the appointment of judges . 
  more so !, 
  at the moment members of a single party can decide !, 
  but even ignoring the political culture disparity it 's clear that that 's not really the way the system functions . 
    in germany , like currently ( or up till yesterday ) in poland judges are elected for life and can not be removed/reassigned/made inactive before reaching retirement age , except in most grievous of situations . 
  there is no way for federal justice minister to sack appointed judges or pick his own , as ziobro 's bill would make possible . 
  compromising the independence of the judiciary is in violation of eu treaties , so you could argue that eu is not only in the right , but obligated to do so . 
  what kind of minorities ? 
  even if you went full american ( do n't ! ), 
  and focused on skin color the white british will be the absolute majority ( more than 50 % of all voters ) for at least another 50 years and a regular majority for literal centuries . 
  the idea that you ca n't vote because of a felony is vile in itself , but when you make it persist beyond the prison sentence it 's a different , more malicious thing entirely . 
  and that in a country that reflexively wipes its mouth with words `` free '' and `` democratic '' . 
  idk man .
