  * stricter and frequently updated laws against labour law abuses and fraudulent banking practices . 
  rest is just fixing bits and pieces here and there . 
  oh , pull those sticks out of your asses . 
  i had a good laugh . 
  it 's factually accurate too . 
  august over caesar . 
  get over yourself . 
  it 's fucking 2014 and you are still crying about wilno ? 
  also check when wroclaw was polish last time before 1945 . 
  you would probably reconsider using it as an example when discussing wilno . 
  and based on what i 've heard about poles living around there i 'm quite happy that they are on the other side of the border . 
  i looked into the ranking and it 's complete mess . 
  i compared few countries i know quite a lot about and it seems like half of a data is wrong or made up . 
  apparently latvia , lithuania and hungary are 3 worst contributors to worlds peace and security . 
  there also seems to be no explanation for indicators . 
  this mostly . 
  having our own currency proved very handy in times of crisis . 
  we will probably wait till whole fiscal reform is done . 
  you are right to some extent . 
  policy to boost wages should have been implemented before euro implementation in order to make sure that inflation is under control . 
  still with wages so absurdly low i ca n't see how even a big increase could bring serious inflation problems . 
  euro or not . 
  so what person who ca n't find better job is supposed to do ? 
  invest in their own company with the money they do n't have ? 
  stop working ans starve to death in order to make capitalism work and force employers to rise wages since they ca n't find workers ? 
  and let 's not kid themselves , no one would want to work in walmart their whole live no matter the pay if they had other option . 
  whole concept of keeping wages for jobs like that low in order to make people aspire to a better life is as stupid as ideologies come . 
  kids these days ... 
   no , it is not pitiful . 
  furthermore , minimum wage jobs are mostly populated by teenagers you mean those millions of teenage fastfood and walmart workers protesting that they do n't earn enough to feed themselves or their children ? 
  i was refering to neo-lib wishful thinking mentality . 
  all the countries you mentioned have strong unions , very good social safety nets and/or very low public acceptance of employee exploitation . 
  all the things eastern european countries lack due to troubles of transformation from communist economy . 
  us that way -- , 
  tim horward just got what number of polish goalies have been experiencing for years . 
  poor fellow . 
  i 'm not sure about `` the most european newspapers '' part . 
  i do n't think that tabloids exist in those numbers on continent . 
  sure , there are some but not nearly as many and as influential . 
  it has its problems and witcher 2 is an improvement in almost all regards . 
  combat is clunky and graphic has n't aged well , but story is really interesting . 
  you should probably give it a try since there are some really great folklore and fairytale based bits , especially later in the game . 
  some better than anything in w2 as far as i can recall . 
  they make a strong case , but i do n't want to start hating before hearing the other side of the story . 
  while it sure leaves bad taste in a mouth few ships are hardly going to tip any scales . 
  also if nato was really concerned it should have offered to buy those ships . 
  i 'm all for firm stance against putin but let 's focus on things more important than that . 
  it 's like uk wants to have all it 's protests ignored , by only choosing the battles they ca n't win . 
  are you serious ? 
  that 's by far the dumbest idea i 've heard this month . 
  and it 's 30th and there is really a lot of stupidity flying around on reddit . 
  like seriously , are you even tryin to think before you write ? 
  i 'm yet to meet a person who visited las vegas and have n't described it as ` hot and tacky as hell ' . 
  you got me . 
  if that was french guy saying that some people should be raped in prison i would have been all for it . 
  let 's assume that 1st half of this post never happened , ok ? 
  to be honest in poland it is in very bad taste not to complain about our national parlament or level of corruption , so anything less than that would probably be considered a lossof national identity :d, 
  i think that uk leaving or at least getting their special second tier eu membership status is a must . 
  there is a will to deepen integration in quite a few areas among many member states and it 's clear that brits wil either be left out of it or make everyones live hell by spewing more and more nonsense for internal political use . 
  fact that us ia ran by halfwits does n't make russian actions in ukraine any more ok . 
  i people could keep their ... let 's say silly , us-centric view away from ukrainian crisis it would result in much more clarity and considerably less dumb statements about this topic on internet . 
  it all seems logical and stuff , but citizens of baltic states see russian sabre rattping at their direction , rising activity of their russian minorities and very limited responce to ukrainian situation among some western and southern eu states and have to ask themselves if in case shit hits the fan , italians or brits will be willing to die for tallin when they ca n't be even bothered to lose few euro for sevastopol , or they will just keep expressong their deep concern and wonder if russian-speaking militants are indeed local or.imported . 
  in heir eyes some reactions are pure chamberlainism . 
  that being said i 'm not sure if sikorski getting the job would be beneficial to anyone at this point . 
  view on whole affair in london or paris is so much different than in riga or even warsaw that sikorski at helm could just expose.depth of those cracks and plunge eu into yet another crisis . 
  i think that government level actions toward energetic union and eu military are probably better way to go about this problem . 
  sounds about right . 
  poland and hungary are rowing in opposite directions when it comes to ukraine situation , while czechs and slovakia are being passive and interested only in some very minor economical gains . 
  while hungarian situation is quite clear to the point when our diplomats and politicians have hard time not speaking negativly about orban , i wonder what 's the line of thought behind czech and slovak politics ? 
  is situation in ukraine simple considered not serious enough to warrant risking some kind of russian embargo ? 
  are ( in ) actions of governments in line with general public ? 
  whole rise of far-right extremism and pro-russian stance of hungary is cosidered very disturbing and disappointing herenin warsaw . 
  our both countries were likeminded and cooperative for very long time . 
  at first it qas being dismissed as just a phase but lately people worry that it may not only be a temporary shift and if it may spread to other countries in a region . 
  is this falling out with warsaw even considered an issue in hungary ? 
  and if so what is general view on polish stance in this situation ? 
  and sending people into inhuman american prizons for every possible crime is n't creating any socio-economic problems ? 
  few years in max sec for dealing pot if you happen to be black seems ( ussual sentence in us ) sounds like proper punishment and something that resolves issues instead of creating them to you ? 
  and that 's what prison is for . 
  keeping dangerous elements out of society and refoming those who can be reformed . 
  not making some kind of hell on earth in order to feel good about yourself and some karmic justice . 
  now think if this very prison system that makes you feel all fuzzy inside is n't responsible for all those kids learning to kill . 
  how about you tell us about all the statues of everyones favourite belgian king ? 
  it is very simplified and by no means should be used to reach any meaningful conclusions about nations , cultures , religions or else . 
  iq tests are highly entrenched in one culture and require knowledge that people with different backgrounds and/or cultures have no chance of having . 
  second thing is what iq tests it is based upon . 
  i happened to have performed clinical iq test on me . 
  it took place in hospital and lasted about 4 hours . 
  it also produced 3 ( or 4 , ca n't recall and do n't have those medical papers here and it was few years back ) different types of iq scores . 
  it was , if i 'm not wrong , memory iq , analytical iq and something else . 
  i still would n't call that an exact science by any stretch of imagination . 
  nothing in this short article indicates that tests it 's based upon are anywhere near this kind of detailed examination . 
  i 'd say that it 's very , very unlikely . 
  ergo , we have a map based on unknown number of tests , of unknown but probably very low quality , showing very inaccurate and most likely meaningless score . 
  on top of that it is applied to people outside of cultures it was designed for . 
  tl ; dr - this has less cognitive value than average / r/aww picture . 
  i blame polish immigration :p, 
  [ kupala night , * noc kupa\u0142y * ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kupala_night ) - celebrated on 23/24 june night ( summer solstice ) is sort of fertility festival . 
  to this day it 's customary to go to countryside , have huge parties around bonfires , usually somewhere near woods and lake.other activities involve floating wreaths of flowers down the rivers , looking for [ fern flower ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fern_flower ) and having sex in the woods around the main event . 
  drowning or burning an egiffy of [ * marzanna * ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/marzanna ) , slavic godess/demon of winter and/or death .
