  even if we probably get better end of a deal , at least till 2020 when we wo n't be getting money anymore . 
  also i 've read some bretish reports stating that leaving eu may lead to loss of over 3m jobs on top of other things . 
  that hardly seems like something to ignore . 
  also since economy is slowly getting out of the gutter atm one may expect issues like immigration and costs of eu budget to be much less relevant when results of a crisis will finally go away in a year or two . 
  so it may be and instance of fixing yesterday 's problems without making sure if cure wo n't be worse then the disease . 
   the human rights nonsense what human right nonsense ? 
  this charter of fundamental rights thing ? 
  what 's wrong with it ? 
  poles are mostly pro eu . 
  it 's obviously easier for us with all that money going into infrastructure . 
  there is even a law that a sign has to be erected next to things that were to some extent financed with eu money , so it is visible impact . 
  but we also like the idea of slowly going towards some kind of post-national state with government elected in pan-european elections . 
  not sure where idea of unelected federal government comes from . 
  big part of polish pro-stance comes from basic eu principle of keeping peace on the continent , but open market , schengen and hopefully upcoming energy and military cooperation are big selling points as well . 
  in our view power of brussels is quite limited and really nothing to write home about . 
  it more often than not benefits citizens like with it 's actions against big businesses , single countries have trouble dealing with . 
  i actually meant to ask what are those biggest problems in minds of british and french because all i hear is some unspecified `` reform '' , `` fixing lack of democracy '' and migration . 
  hahaha , yeah , sure . 
  and yet 89 % is pro polish membership in eu . 
  before elections one of the parties said that junker will be their man for the job . 
  there were elections and that party won . 
  they nominated junker . 
  it 's really not that complicated . 
  whole `` there is no democracy ! '', 
  bs in british media just blows my mind . 
  thing is that junker victory was 100 % certain the moment cameron started this whole drama of his . 
  he was n't even trying to convince rest of eu that junker is a bad candidate . 
  his open letter was absurd and full of factual mistakes . 
  only target of it were anti-eu propaganda fed british voters . 
  he just pours gasoline on the fire and then complains that everyone is uneasy about it . 
  yeah , this one is much better . 
  puts our bickering about crime levels into perspective too . 
  i 'm a bit confused . 
  can someone link a source , methodology or at least photo captions ? 
  it all looks very interesting but difficult to understand with so little data . 
  most of ex-communist central europe has lower rates than scotland for example . 
  despite lower incomes and cheaper booze . 
  i doubt that existence of communism or lack thereof is important factor . 
  it sure shows on maps like these . 
  that sure puts us europeans complaining about crime levels in our countries into perspective . 
  guess poland is officially out of eastern europe now ? 
  yeah , sorry about that . 
  here you go : https://www.unodc.org/documents/gsh/pdfs/chapter_1.pdf, 
   source https://www.unodc.org/documents/gsh/pdfs/chapter_1.pdf, 
   source https://www.unodc.org/documents/gsh/pdfs/chapter_1.pdf, 
  similar prices in poland . 
  only homicides . 
  i was told that finns have trouble venting . 
  others when pissed will either get into a fight , bitch about someone in a bar or something like that . 
  finns apparently keep it all in so when they have enough they just break and `` fix '' problem using knife or a gun . 
  have no sources whatsoever to back it up tho , so it might as well be total bs . 
  [ similar us map ] ( http://geocurrents.info/wp-content/uploads/2011/10/us-murder-rtae-map.jpg ) . 
  not the same scale , tho . 
  this far-right is even more entertaining than i expected . 
  we should hold some kind of contest . 
  like `` dumbest far-right party of the week '' . 
  jobbik looks like a strong contender in this week 's edition . 
  i checked the source and data is was based on ( 2011 census ) and as it turns out 94 % of dwellings in poland actually had bathrooms . 
  all those dark purple bits are also least populated ones . 
  that 's more like it . 
  it would explain why i never encountered an apartment without bathroom before . 
  yeah , i figured . 
  posted that for others who may read economist once in a blue moon . 
  right back at you !, 
  cheers !, 
  400 years ago we were still yet to occupy moskow etc. 
  so i would n't say that all 500 years were bad . 
  simply last 25 were better . 
  real problems started about 350 years ago with decades of defensive wars on all fronts . 
  economist `` paywall '' is easy to avoid . 
  just delete all cookies with `` economist '' bit and you are good to go  for future reference . 
  well , at least we can say that most of our problems are growing pains . 
  unlike some nations that enjoyed hundreds of years of uninterrupted independence , 
  wow . 
  til so many apartments in poland have no bathrooms . 
  yeah , that sounds about right . 
  to be honest i 'm a bit surprised it is still a problem . 
  i remember actions against this issue back when i was in school . 
  this one was made by some random youtube channel , so hardly :p, 
  not sure if serious . 
  to be honest i am very confused by this video . 
  not sure what exactly is the problem this campaign is supposed to combat . 
  my guess is cheap privite tour companies or something like that , but idk , really . 
  i think this is less about municipial transport and more about privite tour companies who are notorious for not having properly tested buses and using those for things like school trips and whatnot . 
  public transport is mostly more than ok , and i ca n't imagine how inspecting it would require campaign like that . 
  that would be weird . 
  also `` hiszpan '' ( spaniard ) is the name for titfuck ( pardon my french ) . 
  ancient greece and all that ? 
  so you guys just took over classic intercourse for yourself ? 
   svensk ( swedish ) : handjob . 
  i was told that in swedish `` danish sex '' is the name for a rimjob , so you clearly went easy on them here :d, 
  it 's nice to read something positive about russia for once . 
  with all that shit going on in ukraine it 's easy to assume that every russian is literally putin . 
  he may be popular , but that 's still not a case . 
  i know bunch of russians who tend to express their opinion about putin in words even i 'd call a bit excessive . 
  how to not be compared to hitler or stalin in four easy steps : 1 . 
  do n't act like hitler 2 . 
  do n't act like stalin 3 . 
  someone working for russian mfa , please inform me where should is send the bills for this consultation . 
  i always claimed that any far-right would have trouble organizing an orgy in a brothel .
