  so it is n't a murder . 
  you disagree with that and for you it is . 
  sure , your right . 
  but please do get lost and only get back to me once you propose a legislation that makes abortion equal in law to murder . 
  then i know you 're serious , not just spewing this bullshit for the sake of spewing it . 
  i know , but that 's how the word is used these days . 
  social-democrats : center-right neolibs lite . 
  socialists : actual social-democrats far-left : a bit more radical social-democrats . 
   are you now denying that razem did n't get into the sejm ? 
  not at all what i said . 
   are you now denying poll numbers in regards to the british labor party ? 
  they 're at ~ 35 % years before the next elections . 
  hardly a catastrophe . 
   sanders lost , and humiliated himself , and is already half forgotten . 
  he 's done pretty well for someone who has been called `` unelectable '' in media 10 times a day for half a year . 
  and he definitely pushed democratic party to the left . 
  not sure what you mean about the humiliation . 
  yeah , definitely , but i also see another similarity . 
  the whole `` they are unelectable '' thing reminds me of what `` experts '' used to and are saying about razem . 
  they 're just a fanpage on fb , they 'll never gather signatures to create a party . 
  they 'll never gather signatures to start in the elections . 
  they 'll get no votes in the elections . 
  they 'll collapse due to collective leadership . 
  they 'll collapse due to fighting over money . 
  they 'll fade into oblivion between the elections . 
  now there 's `` they wo n't get into parliament '' and after that there will be `` they ca n't win the elections '' . 
  my point being - let 's wait and see . 
  reality rarely follows the predictions of `` political experts '' and discounting labour outright is just silly . 
  the same shit was with sanders . 
  i tend to restrict `` far-left '' and `` far-right '' labels to undemocratic politicians and parties . 
  makes for much clearer discussion since otherwise everything that is n't only slightly off center is being called that . 
   after all , what isthe point of a labour government which is indistinguishable from the tories ? 
  my point exactly . 
  this neo-colonial bullshit is common throughout most of western european left , so outright dismissing them because of that is counterproductive . 
  at least till an attempt to educate him fails.we managed to civilize die linke , more or less , so i 'd argue that he is n't hopeless in that regard . 
  for razem we 'll have to wait and see how they 'll do in the next elections . 
  seems like they 're on the rise and with pis 's `` cooperation '' the growth should accelerate . 
  it 's not like such a party can be built in a day . 
  the definitions are in a bit of a flux these days . 
  most of europe 's social-democratic parties have gravitated towards center-right over last 2 decades or so , hence the new actually left-wing ones are often called `` socialist '' to emphasize the difference , even tho they 're still both social and democratic . 
  he clearly has the support of his base . 
  and if you tailor your parties based on such polls , you 'll only ever get more of the same . 
  and it 's not like labour was doing all that great lately either . 
  how can you expect blairites to have a chance to win an election when even their own party does n't want them ? 
  a socialist leading a socialist party ?!, 
  corbyn has his problems , especially when it comes to international policy , but he 's still leaps and bounds better than a blairites , being a slightly less retarded version of neolibs dressed as socdems . 
  it 's a theater . 
  we both know that if he wanted it to pass it would . 
  thanks for taking time to tell us , that it is a non-issue . 
  i too do n't know why people focus on the new name of chekland so much . 
  banter aside i actually never met or heard of anyone who wanted to emigrate to the us . 
  i was a thing 30 or so years ago , but definitely not longer the case . 
  i 've edited the original post adding , among other things , several media reports . 
  i do n't know any poles who moved to us , but i know 2 americans who live here . 
  leftists , both of them , so they can stay . 
  i 'm really not sure not you mean . 
  why would i lie ? 
  i 'm at the demo right now so i ca n't get into details , but it is more nuanced than that . 
  doubtful . 
  that 's what razem is doing right now , by organizing protests against it . 
  problem is that there are many , many other things in play in polish politics that make erosion of pis electorate much slower than you 'd expect . 
  they got elected by pretending they got over themselves , got moderate and will focus on more social economic policy . 
  parlament only . 
  if it was a referendum it would n't be a problem whatsoever since polls show the support for it is around 10-15 % . 
  it 's not a lie . 
  as i mentioned [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/53y9os/in_poland_has_begun_czarnyprotest_black_protest/d7xcbrx ) it does n't matter who originally proposed it as long as the government endorses it . 
  you 're focusing on pointless and inconsequential technicalities that do n't change the hole picture one bit . 
  and i 'm pretty sure that razem is more against the abortion ban than anti-pis per se , considering that they somewhat supported the 50 + ban and praised the decision to reopen brzeska investigation , so that 's kind of a silly point . 
  are you really telling me that in reality razem , of all people , has nothing against this ban ? 
  thing is that the only way to ensure that pis wo n't do it is to inflammate the situation to such an extent that they will conclude that it is n't worth it for them . 
  so i think that this protest makes a lot of sense . 
  oh i know and i do think that if it passes it will be the beginning of their end , so on a cynical level you could argue that razem should hope for pis to go for it . 
  but this is not a fucking game , there are real human lives at stake and protesting and making it as likely as possible that pis will decide that it is n't worth it is the only sane thing to do . 
   going around telling something along the lines of how `` bad your country is becouse your goverment is planning on putting in jail every second woman in the country '' while we both know thats straight manipulation . 
  who says anything about country ? 
  last time i checked pis was n't poland incarnate . 
  i sure hope that 's still not the case . 
   i dont support stricter abortion law , but there was no single topic on reddit that would say how its really like , whats the political climate in our country , what are the chances for a change in both bad or good way . 
  they aare all just a way to make out country look bad and this goverment look bad even in the rare time they actually didnt do anything particulary wrong . 
  that 's completely not the case . 
  there are a tones of topics and posts that present poland in a good light , and rightfully so . 
  hell , 2 hours ago in the topic about the number of people killed by the police in germany i just posted polish stats , that happen to blow germans out of the water . 
  just stop treating pis government as poland incarnate and you 'll be ok . 
  i literally linked you kaczy\u0144ski 's statement in which he supports the damn bill and you whatabout me about some tragedy that happened 5 years ago that was in no way a `` political murder '' . 
  are you sure you are n't lavrov ? 
  hard to tell . 
  all important players in the ruling party along with parts of the opposition endorsed it , so unless they 'll change their minds , or were just fucking with women 's lives to get some sweet cathotaliban vote , it will pass without any issues . 
  it basically depends on if they will think that it benefits them , so such protests are , in my opinion , a very good idea . 
  you 're right , technically at least . 
  life must me in an immediate danger ( rather than in a danger that science can with certainty predict down the line ) and the rules are so strict that in every such instance both doctor and a women will have a looming danger of prosecution over them . 
  same goes for miscarriages etc. 
  it 's outright barbaric . 
  and how exactly does it matter who is the author ? 
  no matter if it 's government , ordo iuris or fucking teletubbies if kaczy\u0144ski says that he and most of the pis supports you bloody know that they will vote as he pleases unless he changes his mind . 
  and the original author wo n't matter one bit . 
  so no , it 's not a manipulation . 
  stop channeling lavrov , will you ? 
  yeah , let 's sit back and relax . 
  allow pis to simply play with women 's lives for a bit of hardliners ' support , what 's wrong with that ? 
  those bloody opposition left-wingers - protesting things government says rather than just waiting for them to do w/e they want and only then issue a statement , that they do n't like it .
