  damn iraq war keeps biting us in the ass . 
  i ca n't find a source at this point . 
  i might as well have picked it up from someone who made it up like the bit above , to be honest . 
  treat with grain of salt !, 
   the constitution separates the national bank from the government , precisely because the economy should n't be directly ran by the people in power . 
  it does n't mean they ca n't agree with each-other . 
  that 's the whole point . 
   the government contains corrupt people and instead of conducting an investigation and steppping down , the pm sends armed thugs to seize the materials . 
  what do n't you understand ? 
  it was prosecutor 's office with assistance of abw , not government who went to wprost . 
  sadly for tusk he ca n't do much about that one since it 's prosecutor general who controls those . 
  and who was the corrupt one in government ? 
  nowak was long gone even when he was recorded and he is investigated already . 
  prosecutor general already stated that actions of prosecutor 's office in wprost are being reviewed . 
  true , but thankfully mostly in getting riled up over nothing , than anything else . 
  seriously , if those are supposed to be worst of our government then i 'm quite happy about it :d, 
  it 's not like those things are exclusive . 
  belka seemed very eager to do that from the get go and he 's job is to take care of economy , is n't it ? 
  whole intervention is a very standard tool in hands of national bank nowadays , and how they went about making it happen ? 
  they introduced a law that would allow national bank to do that . 
  it was public knowledge for about a year now and is soon to be voted on . 
  world is ending i tell you !, 
  he was talking about training program he was organizing for different security agencies in order to get better cooperation between them and used it as some kind of rhetorical figure in much longer utterance . 
  and yet our lovely anti-government press and maniacs keep using it in the way you saw above ... 
  since apparently that 's the worst thing that transpired within 900 hours of illegal recordings of government officials . 
  you understand that this was no more than a private conversation over dinner , right ? 
  people talk like that , get over it . 
  and even then political gain was only one of the arguments used . 
  also , either belka is the easiest guy to convince ever ( he said he agrees after 1 sentence by sienkiewicz ) , or he thought that this intervention was a good idea all along . 
  and let 's face it - bit about kaczynski in power being a possible economical disaster was hardly a stretch . 
   why did they raid the `` wprost '' ? 
  this worries me more than the publicized ( up to now ) leaks . 
  thing is that it 's prosecutor general , not prime minister who is controlling prosecutor 's office that organized this dubious raid . 
  so tusk is kinda fucked - he gets all the blame while not having direct influence over it nor can go an fire people for it . 
  another thing is that prosecutor 's office is independent from government and they are the ones who organized this whole raid . 
  people may not like tusk but even those who hate him with fiery passion , for some reason , agree that he 's not a moron . 
  polish press is very , very serious about defending it 's liberties and it was obvious that all the media , including ones who would normally murder one another if left in small room , will get up in arms about it . 
  he might have a problem with communicating his thoughts but is right . 
  he meant that president was a member of the party that is now ( and for last 7 years ) in opposition . 
  also president in poland is independent from government and is chosen in different elections . 
  has quite limited power too . 
  head of government in prime minister . 
  he is also right that many people on the plane were linked with said conservative opposition party ( about 1/3 ) but rest was either apolitical or from completely different political groups , including some from current ruling party . 
  that 's probably because he yanked 90 % of it out of his ass . 
  here is 1h recording of the converstaion in [ terrible quality ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t4-bbwbuozg ) . 
  i ca n't find full transcript atm ( it 's late and there is shot tone of search results ) but here is [ the bit ] ( https://scontent-b-ams.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-xpf1/t1.0-9/10301939_727717880608291_5662352127516713269_n.jpg ) that is most controvertial for some reason . 
  well , this is just a steaming pile of bullshit , but it is late so i 'll just copy/paste my responses in other thread where i was debunking this nonsense :  last week one of the biggest magazines in poland published on their website an article where we could read about deal that polish government made with the president of national central bank . 
  they agreed on illegal supporting national 's budget using national 's bank funds to prevent losing the upcoming election by ruling party ( po ) , but to get this money goverment had to fire the minister of finance . 
  what does it mean ? 
  for now it 's just blackmailing members of polish government , huge bribes and driving inflation to win elections . 
  how journalists got this information ? 
  negotiations took place in a restaurant where were more wires than meals ... 
  tapes leaked and we got a story . 
  both government and national bank are independent entities . 
  government came to nbp head and asked what they think about helping economy out by intervention on secondary bond markets ( that would allow government to pump more money into the economy and reinvigorate it ) . 
  finance minister did n't like the idea so head of nbp said that he is all for it but he wants someone he can work with in ministry of finance . 
  said intervention was illegal at the time so new law to make it legal was proposed about year ago , even opposition liked it and is soon to be voted on . 
  minister of finance was indeed replaced on december last year . 
  there was never talk about any bribes or anything like that . 
  just two sovereign forces within state structure agreeing on an approach and deciding to change the law . 
  only problem is that minister who talked with head of nbp used an argument that our insane opposition with kaczynski may win unless that economy boost happens . 
  and that they sweared a lot during this conversation . 
  in my opinion people are just going batshit crazy over nothing . 
   a short after that agents of special services broke into the office of the magazine and started to occupy it and seeking for more tapes that were announced to be published soon . 
  that was illegal and prohibited by constitution . 
  in a few hours more than 100 journalists and reporters came to the wprost 's office to fight for freedom of the press and freedom of the speech . 
  there are rumours that police and abw ( internal security agency ) used violance to pacify rebellious journalists . 
  probably stupid special services officer trying to get evidence without waiting for court ruling , nothing more . 
  said special services left the building without recordings . 
  moronic and looking bad ? 
  sure . 
  `` end of democracy ? 
  seriously , those 15 year olds on internet ...  and what does it mean ? 
  simple : you do n't have to go to russia , china or north korea to find a dictatorship . 
  it is happening in the middle of europe . 
  in the country which supposed to be free for the last 25 years . 
  and if it could happen in poland , member of un , eu and many more international organizations ... it can happen everywhere . 
  no comment - . -  fun fact # 1 : there is about 900 hours of records where members of government , top businessmen and special services agents talk about scams they are planning to do in the future . 
  there are 2 conversations that were released so far and neither fits this description in a slightest . 
  either you know more than anyone else or are yanking things out of your arse . 
   fun fact # 3 : even journalists who usually support our government are now protesting againsts politicians , because they see they need to be united if they do n't want democracy to collapse . 
  true mind boggling part is that 900 hours of recordings were made , but there is apparently bor ( kind of polish secret service for whole government and other top officials ) officer arrested , so they might have been recorded by someone who was literally there to prevent that from happening . 
  all those cries about end of democracy and whatnot are absurd . 
  do n't get me wrong , we have many problems but if that was the worst from 900 hours of recording on backroom negotiations of our officials , then it seems like corrupt government ai n't one . 
  women can vote in poland since 1918 so i 'd say deep xix century . 
  there is no possibility of him getting anywhere near power . 
  i 'm just concerned where out basic and middle education has gone wrong if 15-20 % of young people consider voting for such a clown . 
   after donald 's tusk words that nothing wrong happend , no law was broken i have no illusion that it is normal country . 
  and nothing is gon na change in the close future :( but what exactly has transpired in those recordings ? 
  there is nothing remotely illegal in sienkiewicz/belka one and 2nd one is just 1 ex-politician with 2nd low-level politician possibly agreeing to something illegal . 
  so thing that sadly happens everywhere and prosecution is already reviewing it . 
  true mind boggling part is that 900 hours of recordings were made , but there is apparently bor ( kind of polish secret service for whole government and other top officials ) officer arrested , so they might have been recorded by someone who was literally there to prevent that from happening . 
  all those cries about dire stateout country is apparently in are jsut absurd . 
  don ; t get me wrong , we have many problems but if that was the worst from 900 hours of recording on backroom negotiations of our officials then it seems like corrupt government ai n't one . 
  difference is that here both government and national bank are independent entities . 
  government came to nbp head and asked what they think about hlping economy out by intervention on secondary bond markets ( that would allow government to pump more money into the econoy and reinvigorate it ) . 
  finance minister didn ; t like the idea so head of nbp said that he is all for it but he wants someone he can work with in ministry of finance . 
  said intervention was illegal at the time so new law to make it legal was proposed about year ago , even opposition liked it and is soon to be voted on . 
  minister of finance was indeed replaced on december last year . 
  there was never talk about any bribes or anything like that .
