  that 's absurd . 
  and if you think that running around blaming and ignoring immigrants will fix any problems you are going to have a really bad time . 
  societies are * a bit * more complicated like that , go figure !, 
   the worst was a group that actually dared to lay a hand and hurt my then gf , they dared so because they saw a female couple as only for their amusement . 
  another example of this ignorance towards culture , one of my best childhood friends was a turkish girl , she got married of to some old fart and killed him and herself . 
  something i learned way later from her big sister . 
  tell me why should i respect such acts , why should i respect any culture that enables such ? 
  wow , that 's horrible . 
  i ca n't relate to that at all so i guess should n't merrily judge your anger . 
  but i still think my point stands : if society discards whole national group based on demented practices of small part ( i assume ) of it then it is not only not protesting against acts like that but makes those those practices more common since wrongfully accused minority is far more likely to radicalise . 
  on the other hand embracing said nationality ( or religious group , or culture , or w/e it is in other examples like that ) while specifically condemning and fighting those very behaviours is an effective way of rooting those atrocities out . 
  i kinda attacked you out of proportions but i 'm really sick and tired of thoughtless generalisations and accusations going around . 
  i usually just do quick * ad absurdum * by pointing out that over 90 % of all incarcerated criminals are males so according to that logic i should be immediately locked up . 
  have a nice day !, 
  that comment makes no sense whatsoever . 
  what 's your point ? 
  i do n't think i encountered any estonians before - am i now to assume all estonians are dicks based on your shining example ? 
  my apologies then . 
  sometimes on the internet it 's hard to distinguish between snide comment and genuine question . 
  i 'm not sure if blaming all the turks for assholishness ( totally a word ! ), 
  of some is an approach that helps anyone . 
  i 'd probably be pissed if i were standard , civilised german turk . 
  it makes as much sense as blaming you for bunch of drunk aggressive germans i encountered 2 weeks ago here in warsaw . 
  every nation has bad apples and one of the best ways to make more of them is to blame it as a whole . 
  i really hate to still batter you guys with your history , but i 'd say that if anyone it 's you who should know better then to use this ` logic ' ... 
  it 's natural for people in position like that to identify with country of their parents . 
  just think about it - what is the single thing that differentiates him from most of the people around him in germany ? 
  and since that is the very 1st thing people notice about him how do you expect him not to feel turkish ? 
  obviously . 
  still , white ones seem much more numerous than others . 
  it looks like something far-right asshole would write to fulfil his own prophecy . 
  whole wilno thing is plain silly and even here in this thread i was explaining one of my fellow poles all the reasons why this should not be argued even for the sake of arguing it . 
  since that 's that 99 % of those arguments are about . 
  and trying to prove that we were never , ever bad guys , it 's always russians and germans , we are saints ^ ^ i have yet to meet someone who really thinks that something has to be done to get wilno back or w/e . 
  not even in drunken `` what ifs '' . 
  sure there are probably some morons like that but those are far right of the far right of the far right psych cases . 
  another reason why most of the population is very surprised when you tell them that you guys , to some extent , consider us a threat . 
   also it was czech for much lonfer than german . 
  then austrian through the czech crown . 
  prussian since merely 1742 . 
  so not even 200 years . 
  and the folk there remained mostly slavic . 
  czechs were about as germanized as lithuanians were polonized . 
   i see no point in border changes in modern europe though . 
  good . 
  now move on already . 
   i engaged in this pointless discussion not because i would like to see `` wilno return to the fatherland '' , but because lithuanian rethoric of `` the evil poles invaded the 100 % lithuanian city of vilnius which totally had nothing in common with poland and was belonging to this exact lithuanian republic from the dawn of time '' is both completly untrue and pisses me off . 
  lithuanian nation started to form again in late xix after being mostly polonised for few hundred years . 
  people to call themselves lithuanians at that point had to decide that they are not poles first . 
  ergo lithuanian nationalism was formed almost solely in opposition to polish one . 
  that 's not something that simply vanishes without a trace . 
  i 'm sure that a lot of rethoric used in late xix to distinguish themselves as note poles is still in history books etc. 
  making people inherently wary of us . 
  also there are only 3 millions lithuanians and on the other side of the border they have 39kk of poles . 
  and some of those poles like to yap about how they deserve to own wilno . 
  sure , they agreed on borders as they are but havin ; t they done with in 1920 too ? 
  those were different times but from todays perspective \u017beligowski mutiny is clearly an asshole move , hardly a page in history books to be proud of . 
  now imagine that there are 500 millions ( same population difference as between poland and lithuania ) germans leaving next to poland and some of them aggressively claiming that polish western lands should belong to them . 
  do you understand now why lithuanians are a bit twitchy about us ? 
  we are hardly in a possition to be afraid of anything so how about cutting them some slack ? 
  let 's just give them few decades , they 'll get over it . 
   katowice was in poland before wwii . 
  since 1920 and before those lands were german since 1330 . 
  you are doing it wrong . 
  whenever you meet a muppet claiming that vilnus should be polish since there were more poles than lithuanians there in 1939 or 1945 just ask him when are we getting rid of szczecin , wroc\u0142aw or katowice . 
  i wish that poles who are still yapping about lw\u00f3w and wilno kept in mind things like polish ownership of wroc\u0142aw , szczecin or katowice ... 
  yes , i understand that . 
  and you know what would fix that problem ? 
  passing one of those ~ 10 previous versions regarding polish names  current situation is clearly an effect of 20 years of short-sighted playing with the issue . 
  thing about our government 's protests and actions of politicians is that they have to take a stance once in a while or they will be battered for not helping oppressed ( more like constantly poked for no reason , but w/e ) minority in lithuania . 
  you guys should seriously put that name writing issue to bed once and for all . 
  it seems like a very silly thing for two neighbouring nations with long and successful history together to fight about . 
  yeah , i ca n't wrap my head around it myself ... 
  ok , so i guess those are indeed alphabetical differences v instead of w , \u0161 instead of sz etc. 
  either way problem is that we in poland have very hard time understanding what is the big deal and it seems like poking our minority for the sake of annoying them . 
  and since i ca n't think of any other lithiania-related topic that is covered by national media , it surely does a lot of harm to perception of lithuania here . 
  then bunch of morons few with news like that makes idiotic banner and here we go again . 
  sad , since easily avoidable . 
  either dual citizenship or only polish and found themselves in us during election . 
  and yeah , i guess most of the emigrants whos ' ancestors came there over 100 years ago are probably assimilated by now . 
  are you sure ? 
  i just searched for articles about it since , i was quite sure that it was the case and am looking at one telling me that kowalski has to be written kovalskis and in female form it has to be either kovalskiene ( married ) or kovalskaite ( not married ) . 
  thing is that there are hardly any real reasons for our countries or nations to not like eachother . 
  we have more or less similar geopolitical goals and biggest real issue of between our countries in last 20 years seems to be football hooligan incident . 
  source of rest of the problems seems to be political ineptitude . 
  and mostly on lithuanian side , i 'm afraid , since i ca n't recall any issues on which polish government is opposing lithuanian wishes regarding your minority here or any others for that matter . 
  is that only about alphabet tho ? 
  it 's not like there is much of a difference between polish and lithuanian ones . 
  if i remember correctly they are also forced to write their names in traditional lithianian form . 
  so if someone is kowalski he has to have kovalskaus or something like that in his documents . 
  seems like a very asshole move . 
  things like that along with crazy ideas about us coming for vilnus in this day and age make more and more people here less friendly towards lithuania . 
  not as `` hostile '' but rather insecure and annoying . 
  hardcore catholic and very , very conservative . 
  in every + polish national election about 90 % of poles in us votes for most conservative and right-wing option there is . 
  what is the point of those laws anyway ? 
  because laws like that are the main reason countries have problems with minorities . 
  as far as i remember your government promosed ours to fix that issue like 15 years ago or so and yet it still exists . 
  our government , for internal reasons , has to voice their concern etc. 
  all that makes for not only diplomatic mess but also tensions among both people causing poll results like that one .
