  have n't you just assumed that i was outraged and performed a witch hunt about a joke or something ? 
  i was n't outraged over a shirt , nor over a joke ( do n't even remember that one ) nor any of my friends . 
  not my fault that us feminism jumped the shark . 
  and how am i supposed to `` shot the passion '' in this case ? 
  of course it 's bloody retarded that such things like this conference happen , and especially those responsible of assault should be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law . 
  but i 'm not going to claim that those cunts are one and the same with every kebab joint owner around . 
  those strawmen that left in any way condones this shit is getting old . 
  we despise it with burning passion , we just do n't claim that every single muslim is such a fuckup and that majority of muslims are normal people who do n't give too much shit about the religion , just like most of christians . 
  there is no such thing as world overpopulation . 
  people should really stop repeating this media soundbyte . 
  it makes them look silly . 
  you people make my really sad when i have to defend fucking religions of all things ... 
  it 's not like christianity has too little to answer for that shit has to be made up . 
   islam is such a cancer of religion its unbeliveable that people are n't mass rioting against it . 
  every religion is a cancer when brought to such extreme . 
  are you claiming that accepting several thousand refugees is going to transfer poland into non-polish state ? 
  seriously ? 
  we would have to accept 380.000 for them to constitute 1 % of the population . 
  listen to yourself , boy . 
  this subreddit really hit bottom . 
  it 's a joke , do n't mistake it for an accurate representation of anything . 
  on another note we used to have that one about russians , before red army left poland in 92 ( 93 ? 
  oh stop it with your filthy logic and all those questions . 
  just be afraid and yell foully . 
  please do n't . 
  we 'll never hear the end of it . 
  `` first they came here and stolen our jobs , and now they are even stealing ze stereotypes !, 
  i have no answer for you beyond that something went wrong in our education system over last 2-3 decades . 
  so many people seem to lack basic empathy , ability to put themselves into someone else 's shoes , or a willingness to learn basic facts about something that is presented to them as a threat . 
  guess the root of the problem when compared to germany is the fact being mostly racism victims ( mostly ) rather than oppressors we never got around to * really * dealing with our own history and simply swept far-right under the rug ignoring it and hoping it will go away . 
  we managed to marginalize it to the point that it has n't reached 1 % in general election in over 2 decades , but between not confronting it and treating ourselves too much as victims during history lessons we seem to have a xenophobia problem after all . 
  hard to tell how sever it is and if it is indeed a pinnacle of it caused by educational failures i mentioned , incompetent media and a simple fact that only context people hear about islam in these days is isis . 
  maybe it 's just a single ugly vomit of it all . 
  but i 'm afraid it is n't . 
  it 's a curious idea that apparently whole middle east is n't working . 
  ever . 
  and that all they ever wanted was to come to europe and suck our barely existent social security dry . 
  yes oh yes !, 
  please . 
  millward brown poll , 4-6 september . 
  53 % for , 44 % against . 
  are you seriously citing an internet `` poll '' from onet ? 
  wow ... what 's next - polls among pudelek or fronda users ? 
  not poland , but bunch of inbred cryptonazis . 
  government and most of the society ( according to the polls ) is for accepting refugees . 
  only against mandated quotas . 
  the ban was lifted by voievod of mazovia since public gathering ca n't be prohibited on mare assumption that law will be broken . 
  and while i have nothing but disgust for participants of this circus i guess he has the point . 
  well , i happen to like almost all of his internal agenda , it 's the foreign policy that 's a bit troublesome , but that 's to be expected from old european socialist of his generation . 
  there will be some bitching and whatnot but i doubt that in the end they 'll cut off their noses to spite their faces . 
  and it would really be something between cutting your own nose and shotting yourself in a foot with how infrastructure is interconnected and whatnot . 
  but on the other hand we have a unique privilege to live in time when creating a new country may not even mean additional border controls yet alone bloodshed . 
  it 's absolutely amazing and i believe it even solidifies eu existence in a way , since people who would possibly vote for independence do that with eu benefits of free travel etc. 
  in mind so citizen of both nations will me much , * much * less inclined to throwing tantrum at idea of european integration . 
  they clearly never tried to drive through belgium . 
  and i should believe you why ? 
  maybe at least tell the class where have you seen such statistics - we understand that you 're a very busy man , and ca n't be bothered to perform such plebeian tasks as basing your statements on facts , but at least show is the direction and let us , the unworthy , do the work . 
  he 's an outright moron with views that would have been looked down upon in early xix century . 
  or he 's just using tools like yourself to do what he likes . 
  either way it does n't bode well for the level of your intellectual prowess . 
  and you , in your ultimate wisdom , know what they 're coming for , right ? 
  care to cite some sources to back it up , are are you pulling that out of your ass as well ? 
  that particular one was very much coatless to begin with . 
  he 's a bloody clown . 
  and yet in the polls 60 % are for accepting immigrants . 
  idk , i feel like they 're too expensive for what they provide , as in you can buy much more numerous and relevant equipment for territorial defense for that money . 
  but then again , i do n't know enough about this stuff to be sure either way . 
  sure , and they cost way , way , way more than same land based batteries . 
  our main goal is to defend ourselves successfully against any land invasion . 
  subs are of no use to that end . 
  we are n't planning on getting nukes , so we do n't need them as a part of a triad . 
  we do n't want to project power by sea into distant places in the world . 
  baltic is a puddle and everything that can attack us from there will be better dealt with using mobile mobile land - based anti-ship missile batteries . 
  also fate of the thracians is pretty well known and i know about at least 1 more natural desert in europe . 
  that , the us thing and fact that apparently `` very few people know where bulgaria is '' made me cringe a bit watching it . 
  laws you 're talking about are dead . 
  not sure if you noticed but authorities of border countries have been putting refugees on the trains for months without applying any of procedures you described . 
  on top of that the law ( or rather agreement - dublin 3 ) actually applies to countries , not refugees and has already been officially suspended . 
  as long as they do n't break any actual laws that are made for the rest of the population i could n't care less . 
  also let 's face it - greece or bulgaria ca n't handle those refugees anyway . 
  if you 're pakistani you 're economic migrant , but if you 're one of 1,5 m syrian refugees in 6,5 m jordan , it 's a bit different , would n't you agree ? 
  you realize that well over 90 % of refugees are either in syria ( other regions ) or in neighboring countries , right ? 
  jordan for example ( population 6.5 million ) accepted 1.5 million refugees . 
  that 's clearly not sustainable in the long run . 
  oh , we 'd love to help kurds , but you guys can promptly fuck off as far as any help in your amateurish machinations in that region . 
  also neither of those lists make any sense . 
  i rarely defend russian foreign policy ( to put it mildly ) , but on that matter us should go choke on its own dick . 
  they messed the region up enough and i 'll take assad over isis any day . 
  no one seriously thinks that catalan issue can spark a war . 
  and there really are n't that many regions trying to get independent these days . 
  vivat indeed . 
  sadly . 
  tho that 's at least partly due to elections around the corner . 
  government tries to satisfy everyone in a desperate attempt to not to lose any votes . 
  you should probably rtfa . 
  you should probably rtfa , rather than just a title , since it highlights the only part of the document where said countries refuse one of the ways to deal with migrant crisis . 
   huns should fuck off back to central asia and stop polluting the civilized world with their backwardness . 
  well , at least you 're enlightened and progressive , so we got that goin for us , which is nice . 
  with those numbers you 're practically far-right . 
  reality is know to have soc-liberal bias !,
