  a quick introduction to [ razem ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/razem ) for those not familiar with polish political scene and you 'd rather take it from someone who is in the party rather than some alt-right ` ish gentleman / u/mysterious _ manny seems to be . 
  ------- razem was created in early to mid 2015 before upcoming elections in a situation where only meaningful left-wing party on the scene was the post-communist sld known for their borderline neo-con/neo-lib policies ( flat tax rate , iraq war , cia prisons ) was by few dozen mostly 25-35yo people , some without and some with previous political experience ( mostly in green party and young socialist organization ) . 
  it launched a fairly successful internet campaign and in few months managed to reach over 1000 members as well as gather 120.000 signatures required for a party to participate in the national elections . 
  with hardly any media coverage up to the last 3 days of the campaign it got arguably good 3,6 % result - under 5 % threshold to win the seats , but over 3 % one that was required to gain state funding till the next election . 
  now over a year later party is still around 5 % in polls but is steadily gaining recognition , membership and is a very active opposition , albeit very scarcely cooperating with the rest of , mostly liberal , opposition forces . 
  it is arguably quite likely that it will win seats in parliament in the next election possibly becoming the only left-wing party there . 
  most of the commentators agree that razem is something quite new and different in polish politics and that it 's here to stay . 
  as for the program and overall worldview i 'd say that we 're somewhere around labour and podemos but more pro-eu and not anti-nato for example . 
  party does n't have a single leader but is ruled and governed by a collective council and executive board . 
  it follows internal gender quotas . 
  below i 'll try to give you bits and pieces of political program focusing on topics that are fairly understandable for someone who is n't intimately familiar with polish politics . 
  * higher minimal wage and introduction of minimal hourly wage * higher tax progression and income tax threshold * ban on free internships * crackdown on illegal hiring practices and trade union member harassment * fighting tax avoidance , use of tax heavens and such internally and on eu level . 
  * fighting for tobin tax implementation in eu internal affairs : * bigger financial involvement of the state in areas such as healthcare , education , research , building housing , intercity transportation . 
  * reversal of pseudo-privatization of healthcare and return to tax-funded healthcare for all citizens . 
  * focus on heavily increasing pay for nurses and to lesser extent doctors in order to fight the brain drain in this area . 
  * decriminalization of drug possession . 
  * return of mandatory vaccination in schools . 
  * abortion on demand in first 12 weeks of pregnancy . 
  * fighting air pollution by funding public transportation and limiting car use in cities as well as speeding up residential heating modernization . 
  * slowly going towards renewable sources of energy . 
  * stopping the wild reprivatization by passing bill making all claims limited to only monetary compensation up to few % of the value . 
  * setting educational and research expenses as a % of gdp . 
  * stopping privatization and closing of schools . 
  * religious education will be paid for by religious organizations . 
  * introduction of sexual education in school . 
  * granting same-sex couples the same rights as heterosexual ones when it comes to marriage and adoption . 
  * stopping the transfer of public funds into the pockets of catholic church . 
  * against almost everything current government does save 500 + child support scheme ( could have been done better than still ) and plans of returning to universal healthcare . 
  foreign affairs : * very much pro-eu , poland 's memberships in it and its continued existence . 
  * very much for significant reform of the eu more or less along the lines of diem25 's thinking . 
  * against us foreign policy and polish involvement in it . 
  * for continued polish involvement in nato . 
  * for military cooperation within europe rather than basing our defensive strategy on us . 
  * for eu army . 
  * for accepting syrian refugees and better assistance for southern eu countries struggling with refugee crisis by eu as a whole . 
  * against russian invasion and illegal annexation in crimea and for continued support of ukraine . 
  * against ttip and similar such agreements . 
   then they looked at american college campus gender politics , us academia brand of marxism and also tumblr and loved what they saw . 
  thus razem was born . 
  right ... 
  i know that it is a # 1 strawman this whole `` us campuses/tumber '' thing , but what do you even mean by that ? 
  and what specific razem political goals , ideas or activities would you describe as tumber-like ? 
  i frankly ca n't think of any , but it may be just me . 
  still , save those few late examples most major european languages such as english , italian , french , german , polish had their literary form by renaissance . 
  fact that russian was few centuries late is neither here nor there when it comes to foreign influences or what word for `` january '' is being used . 
  hell , xvi-xviii polish was ( in ) famous for heavy latin influence , since latin was an actual 2nd official language . 
  i do stand on my position that he was just making shit up as he was writing that post . 
   russian regular language was created in the age of classicism , by people of enlightenment finding the ideal in principles and culture of ancient greece and rome . 
  that 's why it has such a big latin substrate , contrary to languages formed later , in the age of romanticism , nationalism and racism . 
  i mean , most european languages formed way before the enlightenment era , rather than after it . 
  that is true for russian as well , it just remained under a strong cultural foreign influence later and for longer than other . 
  sure , some like lithuanian , czech or belorussian have been standardized pretty late due to being formerly suppressed by other languages , but that does n't mean the actual languages did n't exist before . 
  the fact that it happened in modern era ( of nationalism , but not sure what racism has to do with it ) indeed made them more conservative about foreign influence , but that 's about the only piece of what you said that is factual . 
  all in all your narrative here is clearly made up and has nothing to do with actual linguistics . 
  while it clearly is n't / iamverysmart content it sure is a / r/shittyhistory one . 
  we already have those . 
  every year , car has to pass mandatory check of all important systems ( brakes , lights , steering and so on ... ) and one of components is emission test ( they put up a pipe on your exhaust and you need to floor the gas pedal - no idea what parameters they are measuring ) those clearly are n't properly enforced . 
  if you pay attention while driving/walking you 'll easily see cars that clearly should n't have passed those tests . 
  if police bothered to stop such cars , check the papers and then pay the control station that signed them a visit things would get better much quicker . 
  also we really need to start introducing free public transport in major cities . 
  warsaw for one has a very decent municipal transportation system so it would be a major incentive to limit traffic . 
  not excessively prohibitive either , considering . 
  what does that even mean ? 
  what razem 's economical program entails is a turn to keynesian economy - similar to how west was run in 70s and 80s . 
  and it 's not like this is some original idea these days - in last few years more and more economists around the world , all the way up the the high seat of global capitalism , the world bank , are voicing their support for more keynesian , regulated approach . 
  literally the only place except city and wall street and such where neoliberal dogma is still taken as scripture are ex-communist states . 
  and the former are making money of off it , so that 's understandable , while the latter get shafted . 
  yes , that 's correct . 
  since i mentioned it here a few times before so i do n't explicitly specify it every single time i talk about it . 
  that would be weird . 
  oh , right . 
  but , i mean , there really is n't an option for a perfect party , is there ? 
  hell , even if you take actual party members everyone will have some bits of the program that are n't to their liking . 
  natural stare of mass organizations , really and a good thing too - if everyone is always on the same page the rest is left unread and your horizons shrink . 
  while i 'm not saying that we 'll ger 20 % of win the election i honestly do n't think that getting 5 % will be an issue . 
  we 've been doing a lot of important local and not-so-local work month after month since the elections and while over 90 % of it fails to get any significant media coverage right now , it sure adds up . 
  when elections come around we 'll have few years of actually changing things to show for . 
  sure , it wo n't convince 90 % of the voters who 've been told for almost 30 years that left = bad and economy = neoliberalism , but with media forced to give us election coverage i 'm confident we can easily break 5 % line and once the `` wasted vote fear '' goes away i 'd wager + / - 10 % . 
   i 'd gladly vote a less economically leftist than razem kind of party in . 
  i 'd love to see the introduction of euro , strengthening of european cooperation , minority-friendly rhetorics , endorsement of pluralism , recognition of silesian ( be it as equal to kashubian ) , introduction gay rights , some decentralization , deeper laicism and modernization of education . 
  so you basically want everything razem stands for , but our economic policies are a deal-breaker ? 
  i mean , someone may come out of a pr foodchain and * promise * such things before next elections , but i would n't hold my breath . 
  unlikely . 
  i 'm not sure what kaczy\u0144ski has done in his previous life to deserve such opposition as our liberals , but it must have been something glorious . 
  kijowski - small time crook . 
  schetyna - charisma of a damp rag . 
  petru - an outright moron . 
  i wonder if the whole '' [ together ? 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/razem ) more like `` apart '' ! '', 
  joke will finally die . 
  gee - i wonder why we did n't want to have anything to do with them . 
  maybe in lithuania !, 
  new left parties , often more or less akin to podemos https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/political_colour#purple, 
  that being said i 've read the wealth of nations and theory of moral sentiments last year and i 'm pretty sure that a sizable chunk of today 's liberals would decry him as a commie . 
  i even wanted to write an article simply regurgitating his ideas as a bait , but never gotten around to it . 
  i know , right - they should encourage experts to go to the media and explain it ... oh , wait . 
  i think it 's safe to assume that average british person is n't mentally a 6yo and will get over the snideness of the video . 
  why everyone keeps assuming that brits are such crybabies ? 
  if anything , that 's is patronizing . 
  quite a few of those historical claims are far fetched , but an interesting vide nonetheless .
