  just two sovereign forces within state structure agreeing on an approach and deciding to change the law . 
  only problem is that minister who talked with head of nbp used an argument that our insane opposition with kaczynski may win unless that economy boost happens . 
  and that they sweared a lot during this conversation . 
  in my opinion people are just going batshit crazy over nothing . 
  guy who claims that poland should ba a monarchy , that women should not have to right the vote , that all public services ( education , healthcare , transport , pensions and so on ) should be privatized or shut down , who considers putin reasonable politician etc. 
  clearly every single of those views should stop everyone with quarter a brain from voting for him . 
  he is trying to get to power for over 25 years now and finally got over 6 % in eu parliamentary elections for some fucking reason . 
  somehow big parts of our youth ( like ones who spawned in this thread ) is moronic enough to vote for him . 
   i 'm happy with having corrupted government which is n't respecting laws and constitution . 
  what exactly they were n't respecting ? 
  i must have missed that bit . 
   constitutionally independent head of national bank ( ... ) in exchange for nbp-friendly minister of finance ? 
  nah , it 's nothing . 
  so he can do whatever he wants right ? 
   making a deal with government member to finance the deficit ( it 's illegal ) it 's intervention on secondary bond marcets to be precise . 
  and yes , it 's still illegal and impossible to do till law is changed . 
  remember that law about nbp that is being created ? 
  it 's exactly about that and it was known fact for the last year . 
  it 's also common practice used to invigorate economy in times of crisis . 
  only thing that is a meh there is part when minister uses argument of possible opposition win to convince nbp head to this kind of intervention . 
  but let 's face it , he 's not wrong saying that pis victory would screw polish economy over . 
  that 's why they have n't released everything . 
  still there is no damn way that there is something really damning there and they started with those 2 conversations . 
  and let 's face it - if that 's the worst what months worth of illegal recording campaign produced about our politicians then i 'm quite happy about the state our politics are in . 
  [ were they ? 
  ] ( https://scontent-b-ams.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-xpf1/t1.0-9/10301939_727717880608291_5662352127516713269_n.jpg ) sounds like mindless , selective quoting and wild accusations to me . 
  `` only exists theoretically '' - that was quarter of a sentence in much longer bit about his attempts to make various agencies cooperate better and the lack of tradition of cooperation in said agencies . 
  `` they also discuss a businessman who thinks they robbed him , that maybe they should `` rob him even more '' . 
  - he says that single agencies have problems dealing with tax evading or otherwise behaving illegally top businessmen and that cooperation of agencies is the key to deal with such situations . 
  `` are donating money to some airports `` under the table '' so that they function . '', 
  - hard to tell what that `` donating under the table means '' but this is in part of conversation where they bitch about how pointless some airports are , so i 'd say this is hardly a illegal , political quid-pro-quo but more likely some kind of subsidies or tax breaks that just are n't broadcasted . 
  you simply jump to conclusions and accuse of hell knows what based on fragments of sentences in free discussion over dinner . 
  that 's ridiculous . 
  they hyped on saturday to sell this monday . 
  nothing about those crazy theories being thrown around in this thread is logical . 
  my money is on stupid abw officer . 
  people are getting excited here over nothing . 
  said weekly already released their more explosive material and it were 2 conversations : one with 2 ex-politicians asking one another about possibly illegal favour , and second of 2 top politicians who sweared a lot while eating dinner . 
  that 's it . 
  i highly doubt that there is anything too interesting on the rest of those tapes . 
  whole affair probably boils down to overzealous/stupid abw officer who wanted to get evidence before court order . 
  you really should take a chill pill . 
  so far biggest scandal we had involved conversation of two ex-politicians about possible illegal actions and another that worst part is that people swear a lot . 
  if that 's the worst what several months of serial recordings produced on our politicians then i 'm ok with that . 
  it 's crazy how riled up people get over so little . 
  in us that would have been called very tranquil week ... 
  and yet their decided to lead with possibly incriminating conversation of two ex-politicians and profanity-filled but legal talk over dinner by head of national bank ? 
  yeah , that makes a lot of sense ... 
  stupidity of an abw officer , nothing more . 
  wprost obviously led with their strongest material so there ca n't possibly be anything really damning there . 
  that would make no sense whatsoever . 
  now you are just making things up . 
  or rather quoting fragments of the sentences and yanking analysis out of your arse . 
  i 'm more interested if those tv studios function better when blessed ? 
  i managed to watch 15 minutes . 
  this is bloody awful . 
  `` is state sovereign if it gives up some of its power to other organization ?! '', 
  - every damn country does that to some extent by signing various treaties , agreements , recognizing international courts of law and so on . 
  `` how can we not have a control over our budget ?! '', 
  yeah , make it sound like your whole damn budget is controlled from brussels ... `` how could it be that some documents are secret ?! '', 
  ever fucking country and organization keeps secret documents you halfwit ... and so on and so forth . 
  calling it a documentary is a travesty . 
  i 'm not at home and do n't have the link to the whole conversation atm but [ here ] ( https://scontent-b-fra.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-xpf1/t1.0-9/10301939_727717880608291_5662352127516713269_n.jpg ) is the most used bit with its context . 
  so what are main problems you guys have with eu ? 
  maybe i was n't looking well enough but i 'm yet find an answer . 
  so voters in uk are all for leaving eu , but only to the point when it starts being a real possibility ? 
  reminds me of my ex . 
  how country so bad at building stuff managed to produce huge apartment bubble ? 
  that 's interesting . 
  i always assumed that our numerous coal power plants will put us much closer to the top of this list . 
  right , our own little scandal !, 
  article is a bit outdated and not all that accurate so let me fill some blanks for those interested . 
  whole things started on saturday when * wprost * weekly released bits of the recordings and informed that rest will be available on monday . 
  those were parts of 2 conversations recorded in july 2013 . 
  first between minister of internal affairs mr. sienkiewicz and head of national bank mr. belka . 
  second was between two ex-minister from the governing party ( po ) and deputy finance minister ( who since left the government ) . 
  second conversation looks pretty bad and may indicate some kind of corruption or preferential treatment , but does n't involve anyone really important . 
  law enforcement is looking into that , it 's hard to tell for sure . 
  first one seemed very bad at first since it hinted things like banks intervention on secondary bond market in order to invigorate economy before upcoming elections for a price of removal of finance minister , but as it turned out on monday , it was mostly due to tedious choice of fragments released on saturday . 
  the conversation turned out to be quite a long discussion about possible solutions in case of crisis getting deeper and aforementioned topics were just a small part of much longer debate and proposed `` removal of minister '' was simply an option discussed by two parties as a remedy to the fact that he was opposed to ideas those two had . 
  on top of the fact that head of national bank is completely independent and as far as the law goes he can demand from government whatever he wants . 
  two real issues with this conversation are the style it was performed in and how it can affect ability of mr. belka to cooperate with other financial bodies he mercilessly mocked , and the fact that it was recorded in the first place . 
  those are one of the most important people in the country and one of them is responsible for all intelligence and counter-intelligence agencies ... 
  apparently some suspects are already in custody but it remains to be seen what light will that put on the whole affair . 
  as far as stability of government goes it does n't change a thing . 
  pm has n't even fired his mia and coalition party leader stated that opposition 's calls for new elections are absurd . 
  unless something uglier comes out to light in following days whole debacle wo n't change much . 
  he 's a moron with a ideas no one with a half of brain or over 15yo can take seriously . 
  sure some of his ideas ar entertaining but that 's about all good you can tell about him . 
  thankfully it is impossible for him to get any closer to power , so he 's jsut an ugly stain . 
   but that 's actually what the law says now . 
  yes , i know . 
  does n't mean it should n't be changes . 
  it really should in my opinion . 
  this whole discussion sounds like eu4 modding forum . 
  what 's wrong with that ? 
  i should probably add that latvian is called \u0141otysz ( * pron : * wotysh ) , 
  polish deep religiousness is mostly statistical one at this point . 
  there is maybe 20 % support for radical moves like criminalization of prostitution or restrictions on pornography . 
  most serious issue our little taliban is up in arms about is abortion law with ~ 15 % wanting full ban and up to ~ 50 % wanting to limit it to situations involving rape , incest and health issues .
