  he instead deceived patient till legal abortion was no longer an option and forced her to give birth to the fetus so damaged that it had no chance of survival after birth . 
  and he 'd known that was the fact all along . 
  i 'm not making any of that up or making any assumptions . 
  he said it all on tv . 
  he has a right to refer patient to another doctor , but he refused to do that as well as stalled till legal abortion was no longer possible and forced everyone in hospital he ran to do the same . 
  it was even worse . 
  fetus was damaged to the point of its survival after birth being impossible . 
  believing that a zygote - something without a brain or a heart is a human being is a problem on it 's own . 
  no one forced him to be a gynaecologist and practice in poland . 
  when he chose to he has laws to obey and patients to care about . 
  he decided that `` life '' of a fetus ( or rather his own right to impose his faith on others ) damaged to the point of having less than 20 % of the brain is more important than his patients right to an abortion . 
  that screams hypocritical , not hippocratic to me . 
  about fucking time . 
  it was ridiculous . 
  i really do n't . 
  very likely . 
  debate and huge one at that ? 
  highly doubt that . 
  what a beautiful catastrophe !, 
  oh , right . 
  worst post title of the month , hands down . 
  `` europe 's circumcision wars '' ? 
  can we please have a rule against retarded titles ? 
  he 's portuguese . 
  understandable for him to be sad over brazil 's loss . 
  i think that fruit basket for polish football officials is in order . 
  klose wanted to play in our national team first but was turned down :d, 
  so when junkers got selected when his party won it was undemocratic because they 've won by too small margin , but when he hands an important job to the opposition for the very same reason it is still wrong ? 
  damn , i 'm allergic to sites with `` truth '' in their name . 
   extra points if you pick on romanians and bulgarians . 
  no points for picking on poles ? 
  that 's just a step too far . 
  really ? 
  sounds about right : http://youtu.be/vq-vmzcja3y?t=1m12s, 
   west is letting turkey off the hook when their government is just as bad and even worse than russia 's simply because turkey bends down to the us while russia does n't . 
  really ? 
  have i missed an annexation or instigated revolt ? 
  ca n't check it atm but i highly doubt that journalist incarceration is higher in turkey . 
  care to provide a source ? 
   haha . 
  you love erdogan ? 
  i tent to not use quotation marks or / s assuming that people are smart enough to understand the sentence . 
  but i guess you have a point here , having your previous post in mind i should have really known better . 
  they sure are getting less and less shy about those things . 
  maybe along the lines of `` it 's not like we can get worse press , so let 's just get it all over with already . '', 
  could n't agree more . 
  good old moronic `` since us is ruled by halfwits and criminals we should let putin off the hook '' argument . 
  i got used to americans doing that since they are often clinically unable to look at the political issue and considering us role in it insignificant , but french guy sporting it is something new . 
  thanks for keeping things interesting . 
  i happen to know few turkish students who are more liberal and secular than sizeable part of eu and their love for erdogan is even bigger than my . 
  when european or anglo-saxon country has retards in charge people always see it as `` poor good chaps , how must they suffer being ruled by this tool '' , but when it 's government of islamic country then everyone assumes that every single person supports said government 's policy or worse . 
  never claimed that porta suffered a bad case of sentimentalism . 
  tho i guess it 's always little bit of both . 
  clearly not in this case since they were apparently flying very low at the time of malfunction . 
  i know , right ?!, 
  they were as bad as putin . 
  back in xv century that is . 
  fun fact : back in 19th century ottomans refused to recognise partitions of poland either . 
  apparently at the end of every presentation of ambassadors and diplomats at the court of the sultan he 'd ask `` and where is the envoy from lechistan ( poland ) ? '', 
  and court official would reply `` envoy from lechistan has not arrived yet . '' also many poles including generals and high officials but also many common soldiers and prosecuted noblemen were emigrating to turkey after lost uprisings and wars . 
  some of them held high offices like governors and military commanders and there are still few villages of polish settlers from that period still exist . 
  conservative anatolia is getting more and more dominant over liberal thrace and , sadly , it does n't look like it 's gon na get any better . 
  so now you guys are on board ? 
  is everything in us about race ? 
  i 'm not sure if motorbikes are all that similar in this regard since they are much , much heavier and their weight is much lower than bicycles . 
  i 've been casual cyclist for over a decade now ( simply using it to get to school and now work whenever i can , among other things ) and when it comes to emergency full stop asap situations , especially when high speed , i 've always simply used only rear break with laying the bike down to the side . 
  never had any problems . 
  clenching both breaks while going 40km/h , especially downhill , sounds like a broken neck to me , but then i may be wrong . 
  not too tempted to test it tho . 
  a bit lost in translation on my part i 'm afraid . 
  i assume we were talking emergency full stop asap situation . 
  that 's the fastest way to crack your skull open , hands down . 
  back wheel simply wo n't stay on the ground once front one is blocked and you will either front flip with your bike head first or get catapulted the same way . 
  it 's hardly a big problem , then . 
   we should be careful attributing malice to actions which can be adequately explained by stupidity . 
  this . 
  so much this . 
  all over the world really . 
  so many people seem to find conspiracies everywhere . 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  the very reason i started posting on / r/europe was the the realisation that almost all polish posters are apparently some fringe weirdos or teenagers who bother to think about once every 10 posts . 
  can you give us some examples of quality articles downvoted to hell ? 
  i thought that was sweden . 
  tho they are apparently more like 3/4 through . 
  i 'm a bit fuzzy on a details since it is n't something you worry about too often and i 'm no economist myself , but apparently decade long japanese crisis back in the 90s was caused by deflation . 
  see guys ? 
  you should feel appreciated !, 
  quit the whining already ... 
  yes , but it is hardly a victory people tend to call it and base some silly theories on it . 
  soviets have finland and ultimatum to give up those lands . 
  finns said no , got attacked , fought and then signed peace agreement giving up all those lands . 
  now you got to wonder how many non cambridge educated 20-something harmless women ( and men ) have been thrown into prisons like that with no one to turn to ... 
  what 's the point of front wheel break being demanded by law anyway ? 
  it 's use is limited to times when you are p. much standing still or want to kill yourself . 
  who are 1st , 3rd and 4th guys ( counting from the left by heads ) ? 
  ca n't recognize them . 
  that clears it up . 
  i was under the impression that cameron 's proposal went through . 
  but do you get filter on by default and have to opt out of it or the other way around ? 
  soviets back in 1939 were n't in all that good shape still without western technology etc.
