  few months back there was a video here showing bulgarian ( i think ) police officers tormenting a group of roma kids in a way that would make a cia officer blush . 
   if you 're so good at integrating them we just gave them rights 500 years ago when they showed up instead of enslaving them . 
  works wonders !, 
  i 'm sure it has nothing to do with roma being slaves in countries like romania till 131 years ago . 
  as far as actual polish roma go their biggest sin is building an ugly ass houses . 
  troublesome ones are always immigrants from romania . 
  but i 'm sure it 's just they way they are as a people and has nothing to do with centuries of abuse by those among romanians and bulgarians like yourself . 
  climate gets way too crazy further north . 
   if we 'd mobilize , we would have 15.5 million men and 14 million women in our army . 
  real question is , if you have enough broomsticks ? 
  i love how brits expect polish officials to commit political suicide by allowing a discrimination of polish citizens in uk , just to make cameron 's life easier . 
  like that 's going to happen . 
  while emigration/brain-drain are a big issues and stopping it would be extremely beneficial for poland it can be only done by changes in poland itself , not by placing roadblocks around the eu . 
  especially ones that have no basis in facts and stem only from the need of distracting british public opinion . 
  funniest part is that the game provides one of the very best portrayals of race issues in gaming , by using a thinly veiled analogy of elves and dwarfs . 
  it 's pretty much a kind of bullshit that comments itself . 
  yet another example that everything in this country goes to shit . 
  we used to be an absolute world power at complaining and now almost all of europe is way ahead of us . 
  who the hell spits on streets ? 
  lol . 
  half of their program is verbatim from ( apparently closet communist ) [ stiglitz ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/joseph_stiglitz ) . 
  polish economic debate really is fucked up when neo-keynesian economy is considered radical and `` absolute left spectrum '' . 
  for earnings above 500.000 pln/year . 
  if you earn 600.000 only last 100.000 would be affected by 75 % rate . 
  started few weeks ago and gaining quite a lot of traction among left-minded voters [ ( platform ) ] ( http://partiarazem.pl/program/ ) . 
  nowoczesna pl was supposed to be a something between a neo-liberal think-tank and ngo , but in lights of recent political developments it will most likely turn into a party . 
  apparently the first gathering will happen this sunday in warsaw and from few hundred to few thousand people are expected . 
  it 's less about that specific situation and more about not recognizing a problem . 
  president ca n't do much about the issue of pathetic wages anyway , but he represents po to some extent . 
  and how people are supposed to hope for some change if ruling party does n't even understand the issue . 
  and is `` find a new job ! '', 
  even an answer ? 
  `` oh , gosh - thanks !, 
  i never thought about that before !, 
  what a revelation ! '', 
  and few days later bie\u0144kowska dropped this gem : `` who would agree to work for 6.000 ( pln / month ) ? 
  a thief of an idiot ! '', 
  decently good analysis . 
  thing is that for the last decade polish political scene was divided between two parties : pis that catered to conservatives and religious people , and po who tried to cater to anyone left of pis . 
  and since pis is pretty damn awful they managed to get votes of everyone from moderate conservatives to socialists ( since there was no left wing party worth voting for ) . 
  this way they managed to win all the election in last 8 years and more or less ( rather less ) successfully steer a country through financial crisis . 
  people kept biting their teeth and voting for them once again despite the fact that no one 's goals have been being met due to such a wide voter base po had . 
  as long as donal tusk was at the helm there was an impression that po more or less understands it 's voters , but recent elections finally showed their level of disconnect . 
  for example after the 1st round of elections a 30-yo man asked the president how is he supposed to live of his 2000pln ( 500 $ ) wage . 
  `` change job and take a loan '' was the answer . 
  in a country where 28 % of employed , mostly young people work for similar wage on so called `` trash contracts '' with no job security to speak of . 
  people are sick and tired of this and an illusion that current government will eventually make things better was shattered . 
  people having different ideas on how to fix those problems started to organize themselves . 
  those left-mined started a podemos-style left wing party `` razem '' that hopes to gather those who had no one to vote for for over 10 years now and ended up voting for po against pis . 
  much larger amount of neo-liberal voters are about to form a party of their own `` nowoczesna pl '' under economist academic ryszard petru . 
  most likely those two parties , or perhaps some other ones that are still in the making , will probably suck po dry before parliamentary elections in autumn leaving it as a centrist party with 30-50 % of its former approval . 
  either way it 's really hard to tell what next few months will bring , but polish political scene will be reshaped big time for years to come . 
   i mean hourly minimum wage is fine but it has to be adjusted yearly to the current living wage . 
  so my thoughts exactly . 
   private schools need not be exclusive , just because the schools are not state-owned does n't mean they 'll end up like the american ones if you have some laws in place to prevent that . 
  at the moment it 's clear public schools hardly teach skills relevant to the market and private schools existence is paramount for both types of schools to update their curriculums . 
  polish schools create great generalists but no specialists , unless it 's a trade school . 
  well , i do disagree with an assumption that higher education should prepare people for the job market , especially since polish job market seems to mostly need people with no education to speak of atm , but that 's a discussion for another time . 
   by populist i meant that a few of the ideas speak of putting money for fancy goals that most people would like but without covering the base of how will that investment pay off or where the funds would come from . 
  some of those ideas are mostly self-sufficent or cost barely any money . 
  for example most of 28 % of poles who work on `` trash contracts '' are n't paying any taxes anyway . 
  insignificant losses in tax revenue caused by rising tax-free bar to the equality of `` social minimum '' . 
  rise in minimal wage and associated rises will pay for this in income tax alone . 
  also poor people getting more money to spent is a definition of perfect consumption stimulus . 
  poor people do spent money they get . 
  they will pay their taxes as well as contribute to vat revenue much more steadily than if said money would stay in pockets of companies that employ them . 
  also axing various tax exemption for big multinational companies would allow smaller businesses to compete . 
  i 'd rather have 3-5 smaller shops nearby , than 1 biedronka that employs maybe 10 people , paying them pennies . 
  frankly , i 'm not sure what points of the program you were referring to when talking about `` costly things with no money to pay for '' . 
  could you elaborate ? 
  most of the ideas boil down to doing things different way , or rearranging economy a bit , rather than throwing money at one problem or another . 
   eh , for example i 'm more for a flexible living minimum wage , not a static minimum wage . 
  what exactly do you have in mind . 
  my own opinion is that minimal wage should be pinned to average wage as a % . 
  the idea with hourly , rather than monthly minimal wage has it 's merits tho - allows for more flexible employment . 
   i do n't believe in public industries . 
  i 'm not 100 % sold on that one , but policies of today turn us into a country of assembly lines , call centers and warehouses . 
  both south korea and france experienced great success with state-ish industries . 
  these days even most neo-liberal economists agree that deindustrialization performed in the 90s was a mistake , or at least that it was done poorly . 
  we do have a decent scientific backbone and backing discoveries owned by public universities by public money makes a lot of sense to me . 
  provided it will be done right . 
   i also believe private schools should compete with public ones or replace them entirely should they be more efficient . 
  i disagree vehemently - education is not and should not be treated as a commodity , but as a public service . 
  we do have one of the best primary and secondary education systems worldwide and we should focus on fixing its shortcomings , rather than revolicionizing it in a name of `` efficency '' . 
  whatever that 's supposed to be in this context . 
   a lot of the tax ideas seem really populist ones , i do n't think i ever saw a country apply such huge taxes and new costs for corporations without ruining the economy . 
  we 've got issues attracting investors as is . 
  i think that calling them `` populist '' is a misused word . 
  populism would mean catering to the popular ideas and those hardly are . 
  and i know for a fact that those ideas come from conviction , rather than political trickery . 
  keep in mind that mentioned 75 % tax would only apply to earnings above 500.000 threshold ( so if one were to earn 600.000 a year , only last 100.000 would be affected by 75 % rate ) . 
  i 'm not a big fan of this proposal , since it pulls attention away from more pressing issues and is politically troublesome , but people seem to like it for some reason . 
  as for the rest ? 
  idea of having lower taxes for new companies and low-paid workers and paying for that by taxing huge corporations that are making a killing in our market and by fighting with capital and tax flight seem like a very good goals to me . 
  economically very sound , since i do believe that poor economical state of most of poles at the moment is one of the biggest dangers to our economy ( lack of funds for consumption , inability to start small businesses ) and society as a whole ( demographical crisis , emigration , uncertain future , growth of extremisms ) . 
  and investors ? 
  many world famous , mainstream economists agree that direct investments become a dangerous fetish and that a better way of achieving healthy economy is catering to domestic industries . 
   35 hour work week is a pipe dream at the moment . 
  more and more studies as well as experiences from scandinavia show that differences between work that can be done by an employee in 7 and in 8 hours are almost nonexistent . 
  i know that it is a unheard of idea , but frankly there is very little hard evidence against it .
