  ... but lack any semblance of intellect to do so ? 
  ... but lack any semblance of intellect to do so ? 
  ... but lack any semblance of intellect to do so ? 
  the 70 years thing sure sounds about right . 
  wait , what ? 
  i was actually puzzled reading the headline , thinking that basically everyone recognizes it . 
  guess.not . 
  i 'm shocked !, 
  shocked !, 
  those results seem more than a bit off . 
  i too noticed that and checked if i 'd get the same results and the slavic one was usually tenth or so . 
  then again , who actually googles shit using `` x ( nation ) is '' scheme ? 
  i mean varoufakis himself must count for at least 50 black metal bands . 
  no they wo n't . 
  we actually had some [ tornadoes around here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=of4fgk-qr8a ) and damage was limited to roofs being flown off of ~ 50 year old houses . 
  even building that were literally run through by a tornado were structurally intact . 
  buildings that were < 10 yo ( built with modern regulations ) had only their windows fucked up , even after being hit by the thing . 
  and tornadoes are a few-times-per-decade occurrences here , so i never really understood why americans stick to their wooden deathtraps even when living in areas where such phenomena are common . 
  source : i was doing a damage appraisal for government assistance payouts in 3 such villages ( ~ 200 houses ) . 
   basements as my parents have ( also in austria ) -  they have a cellar i 'd like you all to acknowledge how good of a person i am for not going for this low hanging fruit . 
  krak\u00f3w is actually a very conservative city , as far as big metropolitan centers in poland go . 
  little bit of both , actually . 
  with some not-too-bad , but fairly `` used up '' individuals here and there . 
  why in krak\u00f3w ? 
  i actually live in warsaw , in case that 's relevant here . 
  i would n't call them `` smart '' . 
  some of them are definitely `` intelligent '' , but their hubris makes them oblivious to how unknowledgeable they are , and makes them prone to believing in oversimplified view of the world . 
  i 'm oversimplifying things a bit , but i would argue that most of korwin supporters fit that description in such a degree that it 's both hilarious and creepy . 
  oh , petru is a proper clown , alright . 
  but whole korwin circus is firmly at least 2 leagues above him in that department . 
  i rest my case . 
  for individuals like / u/ama _ deo everything that is n't hardcore libertarian is `` socialist '' . 
  their grasp of vocabulary is also a sad indicator of the rest of their faculties . 
   so in short , it 's party of smart & heartless . 
  more like `` considering themselves smart '' , arrogant , with little to no life experience . 
  stereotype that people stop supporting korwin upon reaching puberty is a bit exaggerated , but not by much . 
  korwin voters above 25yo are almost always among the thickest of people . 
  sure . 
  really ? 
  i literally never met a person even joking about supporting trump , yet alone actually doing so . 
  you 've beaten us this time !, 
  results : https://icpc.baylor.edu/worldfinals/results, 
  sorry , but i have no idea what you mean . 
  can you elaborate ? 
  for several reasons , but mostly : - we find an alternative of ( possibly increasingly nationalistic ) europe of nation-states much , much less appealing than status quo - we think that it is possible to reform it . 
  british socialists advocating for leaving are acting like children attempting to cut of their own noses to spite their face . 
  no need to worry about it . 
  it will start to trickle down any day now !, 
   why then i do n't hear the accusations of communism ? 
  you do n't ? 
  they 're ever-present . 
  hell , even a bloody civic platform is called communists . 
  as far as i can see people who are ( very often unwisely ) called fascist/nazi are quite heavily nationalistic or/and authoritarian in their leanings . 
  on the left side of the political spectrum being called a communist is much more common and often even spills to centrists and liberals . 
  everyone from amorphic-centrist po , through liberal . nowoczesna , klepto-liberal sld to social-democratic razem is being called a communist . 
  i being from razem , know for a fact that in my crown it is more or less a daily occurrence . 
  and calling us `` communist '' ( in a sense of stalin 's communism ) makes about as much sense as calling some christian democrats `` nazis '' . 
  in both ( `` nazi '' and `` communist '' calling ) cases it is usually an abused thoughtless and debate-damaging low hanging insult . 
  only political entity in poland that i can honestly call nazi is an onr . 
  there are few more that are fascist-leaning such as national movement and w/e others there are , but ( quite often heard ) calling pis nazis is beyond stupid . 
  they sure are both authoritarian and nationalistic , but definetly nowhere near nazism on the scale . 
  `` leftist regime '' lol somehow [ the left ] ( http://warszawa.wyborcza.pl/warszawa/1,34862,19999519,protest-partii-razem-twoj-dom-buduja-niewolnicy.html ) are the only ones who give a fuck . 
  razem protested against that 3 weeks ago , it made national news , everyone else just shrugged . 
  that is . 
  can you also tell us in detail how comparing conquests of julius caesar to marlene dietrich 's is wrong ? 
  jeremy corbyn explains it best : `` people always ask me the same question , they say , ` is boris a very very clever man pretending to be an idiot ? ', 
  and i always say , ` no . ', 
  really ? 
  i guess i really need to catch up on some sleep . 
  the disparity between judge and popular vote is much higher in case of poland . 
  here it was met with a shrug and/or appreciation that we got so much popular votes . 
  so basically like any other , remotely sensible country would . 
  no one had an idea that judges are biased . 
  in russia with the disparity much smaller , they are screaming bloody murder and oppression . 
  it makes their ridiculous reaction even more cringeworthy . 
  i think you missed the point . 
  biggest issue there is the gross misrepresentation of the level of post wwii economic regulations . 
  up until late 80s - early 90s most of western countries ( including us ) had progressive tax rates up to 70-90 % , much more strict labor market regulations and so on . 
  all those `` economic miracles '' be it german or scandinavian ones happened in environment that was much , much more strictly regulated than the one we have . 
  deregulation at the peak of we are living in right now has n't started till mid 80s - mid 90s depending on the country . 
  i do n't feel confident going into economic details and assert what kind of economies policies we should adopt today , but the case for liberalization made in this video is based on either very cherry-picked ( why so much switzerland and no norway ? 
  why not look at eastern europe and see how various countries starting from the similar positions fared based on the amount of deregulation implemented ? ), 
  or outright false foundations . 
  do n't know about the modern policy details , but historical part about how great an unregulated xix economy was is beyond fucking absurd . 
  it is made in a pathetic propaganda jargon with flowery speeches about spirit of entrepreneurship and evil suffocating regulations to produce an emotional reaction . 
  in reality those evil regulations included rudimentary safety measures and labor regulations that today are a norm even in countries such as bangladesh . 
  if they were to be discussed in details all , except most ideological libertarians would shy away from child labor , 16h work day and thousands of dead miners ( on top of thousands in other industry jobs ) a year . 
  then it attributes economic hardships that are considered by as far as i know all historians to wars themselves to those evil regulations . 
  and so on , and so forth . 
  and i 'm only at 25 minute mark . 
  i really do n't give a shit about brexit either way , but this movie is , at least in parts i am knowledgeable about , extremely manipulative . 
  edit : german [ social ( market ) economy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/social_market_economy ) , the `` ordocapitalism '' , a famous 3rd way between free market economy and socialist economy described as some kind of laissez-faire miracle is borderline comical , if it was n't for a fact that people simply do n't remember those things and will take this bullshit at face value . 
  see that women in the very top right corner of the frame ? 
  a wooden plank appears where her head was a split second after she ducks . 
  they do , but that 's the procedure since people are more likely to react seeing a running man screaming , those local trains are usually just 2-3 carriages long , and driver is supposed to pull a break and gtfo anyway . 
  that 's the whole fucking problem . 
  countries that are n't glorified office districts have much higher overhead and your parasitic tax lowering practices.are.hurting rest of the eu , costing us all billions upon billions every year . 
  i find the whole `` slavic '' thing very weird ( even despite the romanian thing ) -- am i imagining things or people talk about that a lot compared to germanic or romance ? 
  that 's an awful lot of money lending . 
  what 's up with that ?
