  based on many days and nights of very stimulating conversations i would n't say that we were worse . 
  there were some differences in the way we were tought but at no point we really felt subpar . 
  and i 'm not claiming that they were bad . 
  i do n't know about others but during my studies 90 % of exams i took were of one on one with professor variety . 
  cheating was , clearly , imposible . 
  true . 
  i only known its stereotype . 
  can be that too , but i think i 'll stick with my `` job of similar shitness but better paid '' theory . 
  all complaints aside international tests ' results are quite good , so while there obviously a lot of room for improvement it all is n't nearly as.bad.as.you make out it to be . 
  cheating surely is a problem but hardly crippling or defininy one . 
  you realise that there is difference between islam and islamist extremism , right ? 
  that 's why it is called * extremism . 
  it 's probably benefitial overall , but also creates a great deal of problems . 
  first of all there is quality of that education . 
  many universities , especially old , state owned ones are pretty great . 
  many majors are world class and some are among best there are ( best know example probably being programing at uni of warsaw . 
  number of international competitions those guys win is getting riddiculous ) . 
  those universities also get to pick and choose brightest candidates while rest ia left with more diverse crowd . 
  and then there are shady privite universities who are not far from selling titles . 
  same titles you get working your ass of in top schools . 
  ministry of education started to crack down on those few years back , but a lot of damage is done - value of higher education diploma got inflated a lot . 
  sucks especially for those who aquired great skills , but lack personality traits or abilities to sell them properly on job market . 
  and it has been buyers market for over a decade now . 
  and above all else - economy , industry and whole job market simply ca n't aborb so many well edu ated people . 
  2.5 decades of stimulating foreign investments by keeping wages as low as possible might have kept unemployment more or less in check ( less ) , but have been moving us more towards indian-style economy of international low end services like call centers , help desks and accounting centers than innovative type . 
  new home grown innovative companies in need of real brain power are finally starting to succeed and grow , but it is all way too little to provied overeducated masses with job that actually require them to think . 
  most are stuck in soul-eating and underpaid possitions that they are ought to hate . 
  especially since communist - and early 90s.-era big companies that are actually doing well and provide some quality jobs have filled their.needs.in that department at.least a decade ago and of no help for young people now . 
  and it.seems that government ist getting any wiser seeing how.they are boasting about getting amazon to invest in poland . 
  they are going to hire 6500 people and pay them 550 $ / month ( before taxes ) . 
  there are reasons why spanish strawberries.and german asparagus are often picked by young people with 2 masters degrees . 
  not being able to find a proper job , they rather do a shitty one that pays enough to survive , than one at home . 
  sorry for all the typos . 
  written that on the phone . 
  either my english is very bad or this sentence contradicts itself . 
  you guys are really into weird shaped rocks , are n't you ? 
  i present you [ club of heracles ] ( http://foto.poland.gov.pl/cache/imgs/_w800/gallery/image/amcieszewscy_20090410_9999_126.jpg ) !, 
  we should clearly call it even !, 
  come again ? 
  brb , making some t-shirts and driving to moskow to sell them with 1000 % profit . 
  so you are saying it is actually worth reading ? 
  i literally downvoted it an moved along based on that title . 
  you said it as if that was a bad thing . 
  there is too little slutishness in this world . 
  that was my first instinct too , but now there are multiple reports that aid is indeed aid and it is n't delivered by russians themselves , but by red cross . 
  russia apparently wants to score some points for acting decent for once , and i 'm ok with that as soon as people are getting help they need . 
  obviously if it happens to be yet another trick disregard all that . 
  well , if ukraine really ok ` ed it and/or if it really is a humanitarian convoy ( seems so atm ) then it 's good , is n't it ? 
  one could imagine that inhabitants of lugansk need humanitarian help . 
  wow , some positive news for easter ukrainians for once . 
  i was quite sure that it is episode 78 of dick waving . 
  are you saying that those displacements were in some way an effect of polish aggression ? 
  yeah , lithiuanians keep invading their neighbours and no one lifts a finger !, 
  fucking lithuinian propaganda machine fooling us all when they rule the world from the shadows . 
  yes , more reliable !, 
  it could have been western agent and impostor for all we know . 
  we were never very expansionist to begin with , even in the peak of our military power . 
  it was hard to convince szlachta to fund defensive wars , yet alone offensive ones . 
  they were viewed as pointless and costly endeavours . 
  one could even be a dick and say that russians are about 500 years behind poles in that department . 
  we have 0.0 % ( or 0.1 % ) too , but it tasted like coloured water to me . 
  my gf likes it for w/e reason . 
  we have 2 % and sometimes even 1.5 % in poland . 
  i for one really enjoy 2 % , while 3.5 % tastes too fat for my liking . 
  i 'm very confused by this thread . 
  is it too clever for me ? 
  is that in any way related to [ this ] ( http://www.themoscowtimes.com/news/article/russia-curbs-imports-of-eu-goat-sperm/504755.html ) ? 
  can someone link previous ones ? 
  this is the point you know you made it !, 
  that would be [ hej , soko\u0142y ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hej_sokoly ) xix century polish-ukrainian ballad , both melancholic and festive , probably the most popular song for occasions involving drinking , bonfires or outdoor late night parties . 
  [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0qrytisrni0 ) is the cover by famous polish folk singer maryla rodowicz and [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wcxakhwsl6o ) is the modern folk ( ish ? ), 
  song based on it from 1998 . 
  oh , i guess that makes all of it ok . nevermind then !, 
  so when are you going to address then issue of discrimination men who prefer breasts over asses ? 
  and , i guess , women who are fond of men 's butts ? 
  ( and their homosexual alternatives , obviously ), 
  so basically for mps to stare at the ass ? 
  you said it as if that was an argument against him being a vampire . 
  he clearly did , you silly . 
  tzars do n't lie !, 
  why would i address your points about us ? 
  my previous post starts with : '' * i could n't care less about us and their wars * '' as if `` us should go fuck itself and should not be assisted in their wars . '', 
  like people with medium or high income go the the soup kitchens in the first place ... 
  it being common does n't make it any less absurd . 
  people are wired in such way that most of the time they will go out of their way to avoid being dependent on charities . 
  that food will only reach those desperate enough to do this , so quite a low margin that would have hardly bought anything anyway . 
  potential gains heavily outweigh risks in my opinion . 
  i do n't really feel competent to properly answer that , but my thoughts were along the lines of stopping to enforce old colonial borders and look into some kind of national ones . 
  like kurdistan for example . 
  i could n't care less about us and their wars . 
  i 'm more interested in kurds and other ethnic and religious minorities in the region . 
  there is no doubt that even we here in poland ( despite our complaining ) have way better than most of the planet and and giving some back ( as a humanitarian aid for example ) within our capabilities sounds like a right thing to do . 
  oh , they were from fsb ? 
  i assumed those were army officers , possibly some outspoken generals . 
  if they were really high rank it should be easy to tell for someone who is familiar with russian military and their top brass . 
  this is just silly , since the same nytimes reported that [ russians sent their military aid first ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2014/06/30/world/middleeast/iraq.html ) . 
  also us airstrikes were officially requested by iraqi government . 
  i have a feeling that ukrainian government wo n't invite russian peacekeepers . 
  and since we are talking about pretexts , the whole point about that is that they are bullshit , so if not this it will be something else . 
  if russia wants to find a pretext it will .
