  especially since they are n't too are n't too attacked to truth or reality in that regard . 
  pity no one submitted that here . 
  it would be nice to read something positive about russia for a change . 
  really ? 
  damn , it was indeed a good story . 
  it is n't really about ordinary russians , but about russian government . 
  and we do n't really care about whatever lithuanian or czech tabloids write about us ( or what people talk behind out backs , for that matter ) . 
  if that makes them feel better , more power to them !, 
  huh , that 's harsh ... for you personally or for the whole country in your opinion ? 
  either way could you explain why ? 
  bit about azerbaijan is very interesting . 
  biggest thing i had no clue about in a long time . 
  it 's other way around too ( or at least used to be before ww2 ) . 
  germans had been immigrating to poland and poland-lithuania for hundreds of years . 
  to the point that most of our cities became culturally more german and jewish than polish . 
  tones of gastarbeiters too especially mercenaries . 
  for the longest time polish infantry and artillery was made mostly of germans . 
  we used to live in quite a symbiosis all the way till 1772 . 
  as long as there are n't any dangers underwater it seems safe enough . 
  and beach indeed looks great . 
  well done estonia !, 
  true that . 
  but i 'm optimistic that in a decade or so we 'll get over whatever is the problem . 
  why albanians ? 
  i think that all those remnants of mongolian empire still count . 
  this one is funny . 
  we should kill him last . 
  about france declining . 
  i remember all those horror stories on the news back in the 90s . 
  ( time of biggest radical capitalist madness ) about france commiting suicide by socialism , at least once a month . 
  can you pease get it over with and collapse ? 
  people may start to think that neo-liberalism does n't have all the answers !, 
  on the contrary !, 
  my friend knows a lot of russians ( who happen to be military ) and judging by their fb feeds vacations there are very popular this year !, 
  has ale the eel lived well in that well ? 
  hell , even al-queida found them too extremist for their taste ... 
  if there ever was a time to bomb someone in middle east it is probably now . 
  i would n't oppose anti-is military action and would support aid for kurds as well as besieged minorities . 
  having said that it is obvious that iraq simply is n't working and it may be time to rethink all middle eastern mess . 
  one could argue that it 's worse . 
  wonna trade ? 
  southern-european left makes me facepalm way too often . 
  i do n't mind their social and economical ideas ( tho they sometimes seem a bit far fetched ) and think that this.kind of thought is needed , but they seriously need to buy a fucking history book and educate themselves about soviet union and now russia . 
   israel is an abstract entity . 
  israel is a country of jews , its actions are really the actions of jews . 
  there 's no real difference between the two . 
      seriously ... 
  many jews do n't consider themselves israeli , not have any love or affiliation with israel or it 's policies . 
  want me to draw you a damn picture ? 
   why do you think he told you this ? 
  because he 's afraid . 
  that 's just his preventative measure against future attacks he 's afraid of . 
  yeah , sure . 
  you totally know her and her views better than me . 
  how one can be so full of himself ? 
  are you trolling me ? 
   if european jews were really separate they would n't be jews , they would be german , french , british , etc. . . with some jewish ancestry . 
  for example `` polish jew '' or `` pole of jewish descent '' are terms used interchangeably and rarely people who use them bother to ask described person about his or her views on a matter . 
  nor there is the assumed difference you described . 
  and yet your previous rant was about all muslims and islam as a whole . 
  make up your damn mind . 
  all of them ? 
  or maybe just a few bad apples ? 
  careful what you wish for . 
  judging by series `` x of europe '' we 'd get to the point of `` 2 years ago today i got really drunk '' quite quickly . 
   and yes , the rise of * [ alleged ] * anti-semitism in europe is vastly because of the increase in muslims living in europe . 
  surely it has nothing to do with decades of despicable apartheid policies and now genocide in a making . 
  naaah , it 's all those damn muslims . 
   and yes , islam is an intolerant , backward , stone-age cult . 
  no intelligent person could disagree . 
  no more backward than any other religion in itself . 
  also calling it `` stone-age '' is just incorrect . 
  and often less intolertant than random twats on reddit . 
   if they are more loyal to france , which fairly recently happily collaborated with germans ( vichy ) and sent almost all their jews to auschwitz , they really need to be closed in a mental institution ( preferably in israel ) . 
  for their own protection . 
     yeah , like that matters today . 
  should n't you get out of the woods yet ? 
  ww2 is over . 
   especially because today not hating israel ( not jews , yet ) is starting to become a faux pas in leftist european circles . 
  the same people - a big part of western european establishment - think that muslims beating and discriminating against jews are justified . 
  so hating israeli actions and hating jews is like marijuana and heroin in the 60s ? 
  once you start with one you are bound to end up with another ? 
   ah , the self-hating jew stereotype . 
  not self-hating ( since many jews never wanted to have anything to do with israel in 1st place ) and hardly a stereotype . 
  there are many european jews criticising israel in various newspapers . 
  i also happen to know two polish jews . 
  if i were to repeat the rant about israel one of them served me the other week i 'd probably get accused of anti-semitism . 
  and even if we are talking about jews who identify themselves with israel , in what fucking world is it `` self-hating '' to protest against government 's criminal actions ? 
   no , they may have distant ancestors in territories that are today mongolia but that 's it . 
  so they are often more connected ( and with smaller time gap ) with mongolia than most of the european jews are with israel . 
  that 's one thing and should , obviously , be prosecuted . 
  and associating all jews with israel is more of israeli ( american ) doing than anyone else , really . 
  attempts to distort reality by mixing anti-israelism with anti-semitism has been israeli media strategy for weeks now . 
  i do n't think i 've ever read rant about racism that also made me laugh . 
  well done , sir . 
  what are the other questions ? 
  i do n't agree that `` jews are more loyal to israel than to this country '' is a loaded question . 
  i 'd argue that most of the jews living outside of israel are more loyal to their current homeland than to israel . 
  hell , many hate what israel stands for with fiery passion . 
  and i really do n't understand the logic behind this :  a jew living outside israel would have to be seriously mentally retarded to not be loyal to israel more sounds quite anti-semitic to me .
