  therefore we are also building lng terminal and working on shale gas exploitation . 
  and fast . 
  with those circumstances public has given government a bit of a benefit of a doubt , when it comes to environmental dangers . 
  we 'll see how it goes . 
  it counts transferred gas too . 
  poland in this scenario exports 25m while producing 6m and consuming 14m . 
  oh , right . 
  do n't know how i missed it . 
  and you really have party called `` true finns '' ? 
  are they claiming that everyone who is n't supporting them is a fake finn ? 
  context being ? 
  first you need to be able to help yourself to be able to help others . 
  yeah , sure w/e . 
  * scotland , do n't leave us !, 
  ze germans are coming !, 
  have a good night then !, 
  it was exactly mali that i had in mind . 
  one specific thing that should be emulated ( if possible ) in every situation like that is a cooperation with the neighbours of country in question . 
  local governments figuring out the solution and cooperating with eachother while europeans provide firepower seems much better than us way of doing things . 
  tho i guess they are getting smarter in iraq with support for kurds and even coordinating with iran to some extent ( tho here it was mostly iran 's idea ) . 
  no , it was like that since the start , 
  you know i was joking , right ? 
  suuuure ... that 's exactly what bloody murdered of separatists would say . 
  maybe not the same amount ( in my opinion us was bloody awful in many many situations since wwii and recently ) , but blaming us for all the evil in the world is just childish . 
  and sadly quite common . 
  we really are lazy , are n't we ? 
  portugal and iceland hold their territory in iron grip . 
  they clearly covertly assassinate any separatists that pop up . 
  monsters !, 
  i remember it was due in 2013 at first and it was pushed to late 2014 . 
  last reports i 've read few weeks back still used that date if i recall correctly . 
  eidt : i just found an article from july about it . 
  apparently terminal will be finished in late 2014/early 2015 but with all the tests and whatnot first gas will arrive there in july 2015 . 
  there are big reserves and our domestic production is enough for all the heating anyway , so worst case scenario our industry gets hit . 
  terminal is supposed to be finished this year so with reserves and interconnectors i would n't call it too bad of a situation . 
  some countries have it worse . 
  do n't listen to the guy . 
  he is just a clueless kid making shit up . 
  most of what he says is pulled out of his ass , and rest are exaggerations and misconceptions based on those made up `` facts '' . 
  they just forgot to adjust their foreign policy since xix century . 
  yeah , i recognized classic late 90s westerns socialist attitude treating eastern european as some kind of nationalistic troglodytes who ca n't deal with their own history so they keep whitewashing it coupled with pro-soviet union bias fuelled by stupid assumption that everything us opposed has to be good . 
  later i will respond with all the links to disprove the nonsense and exaggeration in his post , but it seems like exercise in futility , really . 
  and quite disappointing in a sad way for a socialist like myself . 
  frankly it 's better if poland gets hit first . 
  our supplies are diversified enough for it to be a minor inconvenience at worst giving eu time to organize a political response . 
  granted that there is on to be had . 
  let me guess - only chapter that your book had was one describing [ national democracy ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/national_democracy ) ? 
  am i saying that ? 
  i simply said that guy who said that is spewing nonsense . 
  so they are n't brainwashed by devious us that is out to get russia ? 
  they just want to be safe from russian invasions ? 
  wow man - that 's some groundbreaking theory !, 
  in this thread , that is . 
  keep in mind that nato membership was n't really considered until well into the invasion . 
  it was all eu membership at first , and saying that eu is a hostile alliance is * a bit * of a stretch , would n't you agree ? 
  i see no excuse for russian actions in ukraine , even if i were to assume that russia has a right to dictate ukraine 's alliances . 
   i do n't see how you do n't understand that nato is an organization used to propagate western influence and hegemony , not a defensive organization used entirely for collective security . 
  and what * exactly * is that `` western influence '' you are talking about ? 
  sounds like an empty propaganda sound bite to me . 
  could you , for example , point that western influence effects on countries like poland or baltic states ? 
  it clearly has to be just under my nose , i just fail to see it !, 
   in the same way any eastern european country can apply for nato , nato could also reject those applications . 
  but it did n't , not because taking in these countries improved the collective security of nato , which it did n't , but because it allowed western hegemony to be extended and secured further east against russia in the post-soviet era . 
  you can also argue that creation of nato itself have n't helped security of us , so why bother at all ? 
  nato expanded eastwards mostly due to countries there being * very * interested in joining it and convincing their soon-to-be allies that they have a moral obligation to them due to the way they were treated in post-wwii negotiations . 
   if i was russia and all the states that were ** previously closely associated ** with me decided to join a hostile military alliance , i 'd be pretty pissed off as well . 
  closely associated you say ? 
  i could say that most of them were associated in the same way poland was associated with nazi germany between 1939 and 1945 , and that would n't have been too big of a stretch . 
  that * close association * was made of military presence , duress , installing undemocratic totalitarian puppet regimes , threat of invasion ( for example 1981 poland ) and even via invasions ( 1939 poland 1940 baltics , 1956 hungary , 1968 czechoslovakia ) . 
   to say that is not an endorsement of the russian response , it 's just the simple statement that people should n't be surprised nor should they be offended by the simple reality that if they 're going to spit in someone 's face and slap them that they 're going to react pretty angrily . 
  i could n't agree more . 
  russia should n't be surprised nor offended by the fact that after almost half a century of military occupation eastern european countries do n't want to have anything to do with it . 
  very well said !, 
  no , only ones who make no sense whatsoever . 
  every so often people who disagree with me are right and i adjust my views accordingly when faced with an proper evidence . 
  or they simply have a different perspective on a matter due to different experiences etc. 
  so i acknowledge that their opinion is every bit as valid despite being very different . 
  do n't seek any logic in this guy 's comments . 
  there is none to be found . 
  violence ? 
  it would have been violence had i actually done that . 
  till then it 's just a figure of speech to express one 's frustration . 
  care to move past that and explain me how in your mind russia 's hurt feelings over their shattered illusions of grandeur are more important than eastern europeans ' right to choose their own way and alliances ? 
  yeah , we are just a headless chickens herded into nato by devious us against our interest and will ... we just did n't know any better , being all retarded , as eastern europeans clearly are . 
  every time i hear an argument that boils down to that i want to jump on the plane and go punch that person in the face . 
  and there are really few things that annoy me , so go figure . 
  what 's khokhol ? 
  i 've seen it used by russians as a , i imagine , racial slur . 
  i do n't understand . 
  do n't you know where syllable starts without dots ? 
  it makes ukrainian situation even more infuriating . 
  it all could have been resolved by the referendum if not for fucking putin 's meddling :(, 
  you are trolling , right ? 
  look at dem swiss doing something decent for a change !, 
  [ wikipedia article ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_orsha ) it almost seems like our conflicts with russia have been going for a bit too long  painting itself , however , is exquisite with its level of detail and immense historical value , especially when it comes to learning about weaponry and uniforms of the era . 
  only had a time to watch 20 minutes today , but it looks very interesting . 
  i 've been missing debates like that since oxford union stopped putting their content online for some reason . 
  nice try you gay nazi !, 
  sure , but it still does n't mean that * everything * he writes is bullshit , does it ? 
  that 's not even good trolling man .
