  but our perception of the future and our actions of the present are to some extent shaped by our past . 
  regardless if our understanding of it is more or less correct , or completely false , nota bene . 
  we are n't prisoners of our history , but sure as hell are n't fully independent of it . 
  and should n't try to be , since pretending it does n't exist is an easiest way towards repeating our past mistakes . 
  same goes for geopolitical factors . 
  some persist and still affect us today , some fade either due to changing ideologies or because of actual changes stemming from things like development of technologies . 
  to be honest parties like * die linke * seem to swallow putin 's propaganda whole . 
  that being said left from post-communist countries has completely different stance , if you do n't count remnants of old communist parties here and there . 
  only political option that favors russia here is far-right . 
  well , apparently we are [ going for nudity 2nd time in a row ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-t2r5xzqqis# ) , so there is that ... 
  i assume that live performance is going to mimic the official video . 
  there are some convincing arguments that ukraine and crimea are just means to an end , being weakening or in perfect scenario , disintegration of european union . 
  i was n't buying it myself , but logic presented here seems very solid : http://youtu.be/xpopnfztfvq?t=24m42s edit : this one is better if you want just the very argument i was talking about : http://youtu.be/_bey-edbm0k?t=30m57s, 
  that being said , notion that poland and germany are some kind of eternal enemies is simply a misconception . 
  both countries lived in almost symbiotic relationship for better part of the millennium . 
  oh man , those were some crazy good times . 
  erasmus is simply amazing . 
  what i meant there was `` and holding on for 5 weeks happened with soviet invasion . 
  if allies attacked it could have never occurred and defence on vistula line would have lasted much longer '' . 
  then i was just responding straight from my inbox and did n't notice nick nor flair and assumed that 's the other guy advocating that lack of french/british attack could n't possibly had any impact of stalin 's actions . 
  i was under the impression that it was that other guy and he was being condescending , so i kinda cited what i assumed was his train of thought . 
  clearly it 's time to sleep . 
  that being said you also misunderstood me there , hence confusion . 
  so you are either british far-right or have some xenophobic issues with poles after all . 
  hardly surprising considering your contribution to / r/european but still , a bit disappointing . 
  i wasted my time . 
   the polish methods to break the enigma where completely disregarded by british cryptanalysts . 
  you ca n't read english , can you ? 
  you keep valiantly disproving claims i never made . 
   a few ( brave ) polish pilots fought against a common enemy . 
  [ if by `` few '' , you mean 145 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/non-british_personnel_in_the_raf_during_the_battle_of_britain ) including best scoring squadron in entire raf then sure . 
   there was no betrayal . 
  you made an alliance . 
  and then you ignored it hoping for hitler to be content with poland and make peace with you . 
  that 's the definition of a betrayal . 
   the polish government 's actions in ww2 was do a landgrab . 
  that sentence does n't make sense . 
  are n't you a native english speaker here ? 
  and if you mean that zaolzie was bad , then yes it was . 
  we acknowledged that , apologized and are still ashamed of it . 
  like civilized people do . 
  time for you to grow up as well , do n't you think ? 
  it really is pathetic . 
  have you been watching too much russian tv lately and learnd this reverse logic ? 
   stalin promised hitler to attack on 8th . 
   brits and french were to attack before 16th . 
   stalin attacked on 17th . 
   conclusion : soviet attack could n't possibly be related to british-french attack . 
  that 's a fact !, 
  oh , i 'm sure they did that against british government wishes . 
  you were totally on board with all that . 
  it 's amazing how you claim to be historically educated but keep disputing things acknowledged as early as 1974 by your own bbc in `` world at war '' . 
  british circle jerking sure stood the test of time . 
  who claimed we broke wwii enigma ? 
  i never met such person . 
  surely they exist , since you yourself are a great example of people with misconceptions about history , but i 'm not one of those . 
  i think you are seeing things . 
  `` polish circle jerk '' things apparently . 
  also after the reversed engineered one our intelligence got an original of army enigma . 
  point i made in previous post was that having a previous version of enigma ( instead of no enigma at all ) and already knowing how version with 1 less retort worked ( instead of not having a clue ) are n't meaningless contributions and surely had an impact if not on the fact of breaking it or not then surely on how soon it happened . 
  if you think otherwise , then just keep saying that you got it all by yourself , and do n't bother me anymore . 
  i could n't care less . 
  whatever makes you feel fuzzy inside . 
   the polish contributions to breaking the enigma was useless to the british due to the extra rotors employed by germany . 
  that 's why it 's called `` contribution '' , rather than `` giving you figured out enigma '' , is n't it ? 
  before getting our material british intelligence never even laid eyes on a model of enigma , yet alone had it delivered to them with previous version cracked . 
  but yeah , that surely has n't helped at all and is all big polish circle-jerk . 
  very interesting one at that since you were the one who even brought enigma thing up only to make very silly claims . 
  that 's about as accurate as your claims here . 
  i posted my previous long-ish post 4 minutes after yours , obviously not seeing yours 1st ... 
  but back on track - i was partially incorrect . 
  the promise stated that full french offensive will start no later than fifteen days after mobilization that happened on 1st of september ( with partial one on 22 of august ) so before 16th of september . 
  promise was 1st made by french commander-in-chief maurice gamelin in may 1939 ( do n't have a pdf of it , but among others : j. r. b. butler , grand strategy , ii , september 1939-june 1941 ( london : h. m. stationery office i959 ) , 55 . ; as well as higham , robin d. s. ; john , stephen ( 2006 ) . 
  why air forces fail : the anatomy of defeat . 
  harris university press of kentucky . ), 
  my point stands - an offensive was to start way before polish army was overcome and that did n't even factor in soviet attack and ability to defend on vistula line that said attack prevented . 
  assuming that it would even happen if western offensive would have started . 
  numerous generals and military experts stated later that germany had virtually no chance of stopping such an offensive . 
  including [ german leaders at the time ] ( http://www.loc.gov/rr/frd/military_law/pdf/nt_vol-xv.pdf ) ( page 350 )  jodl : i believe this can only be explained as an expression of military ignorance . 
  up to the year 1939 we were , of course , in a position to destroy poland alone . 
  but we were never , either in 1938 or 1939 , actually in a position to withstand a concentrated attack by these states together . 
  and if we did not collapse already in the year 1939 that was due only to the fact that during the polish campaign , the approximately 110 french and british divi - sions in the west were held completely inactive against the 23 ger - mah divisions, 
  far-right assholes running around and calling others xenophobes . 
  very entertaining !, 
  i simply have no patience for a combination of ignorance and stupidity . 
  and no , that was n't my point . 
  i would n't go as far as claim that without those contribution britain would have fallen . 
  they sure made it less likely but other factors , like limited fuel capacity of luftwaffe interceptors probably already tipped the balance . 
  last two , obviously . 
  polish-french-british agreements required poland to hold for 2 weeks . 
  it was supposed to be enough for enactment of pre-planned offensive from the west that would knock germany out of the war . 
  poland held for 5 weeks , french and british never attacked despite having 6:1 numerical advantage and facing unfit for combat , reserve divisions . 
  but you would have known that if you were able to read and 've read post i linked . 
  on top of that an idea that poland agreeing to german ultimatum in september 1939 would have stopped a war ca n't be called otherwise than `` moronic '' . 
  if you want to look for those responsible for atrocities of wwii outside of germany then be my guest , but you 'll find them in london in paris . 
  if both britain and france have n't betrayed poland and actually enacted what they promised in a military part of an alliance , war would have ended there and then . 
  so yeah - fuck off . 
  impressive show of ignorance . 
  i do n't have time to make up for the history lessons you skipped , so i 'll use [ this comprehensive post ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2fjgyv/with_headquarters_in_poland_the_united_kingdom/cka0p6t ) . 
  do n't know why but i find dumb nationalistic pricks of british variety more annoying than all the others ( except polish ones , obviously ) .
