  you ca n't reach people who voted pis out of anger by taking selfies with schetyna and petru , listening how kod leaders praise balcerowicz as their main inspiration , ignoring warsaw re-privatization scandal and so on . 
  sure , it may tickle the big city middle class ' fancy and earn praise from gazeta wyborcza and sierakowski , but it is a terrible way of removing pis from power . 
  and it 's not like razem goes easy on pis . 
  between tk protests , zero-tolerancji . pl and #czarnyprotest i 'd argue they 've pummeled the government harder than whole kod combined . 
  while not getting swollowed by it and becoming neoliberals ' loincloth . 
  so i 'd say it 's both smart politics and integrity , rather than cynicism . 
  here is the photo from krakow : http://imgur.com/a/jrmm5, 
  bloody immigrants !, 
  of course you are . 
  i 'm not going to retype you half of a fucking book . 
  `` hurr durr - i ca n't be arsed to google shit , so you 're wrong '' . 
  who do you even vote for , btw ? 
  onr ? 
  something right of them ? 
  just read about the most famous one of those - trial of ig farben . 
  on top of what i just said it also concluded that nazi rise to power would be unlikely without the financial and logistical support of ig farben from late 20s , early 30s onward . 
  are nuremberg trials also stalinist propaganda these days ? 
  i never knew it was so omnipresent !, 
  wow . 
  just wow . 
  where and how do you people breed ? 
  where am i wrong ? 
  dispute specific counts , will you ? 
  all you say is `` lol , you wrong '' and `` muh stalinist propaganda '' . 
  it 's not about the view itself , but from where it derives . 
  and it derives from a very neo-colonial and , some may argue , more than a little racist view that spheres of influence do and should exist and that eastern europe is part of a russian sphere . 
  and i happen to be a very much a `` leftist loon '' myself . 
  thats ... that 's just completely not true . 
  it 's literally the opposite of historical facts . 
  where are you even taking this shit from ? 
  if you really want to know how that worked read on the trials of those corporations in nuremberg . 
  their inner workings are described there very well . 
  since , you know , a number of german corporations were on trial along with the nazi leadership . 
  that `` idea '' definitely did n't come from stalin . 
  how have you even came up with that idea ? 
  have you ever heard of anti-comintern pact ? 
  the brainchild of hitler that meant to be an alliance aimed at stopping the spread of communism in the world ? 
  you know , the one that turned into axis ? 
  or spanish civil war ? 
  where italy and germany fought a proxy war against the soviet union ? 
  and it 's obvious that there are similarities between nazis and stalinists - those are both authoritarian , murderous regimes built on a cult of personality . 
  the inner workings and the ideologies of both were , as everyone who finished elementary school should know , were completly different . 
  one was built around nationalism and racism , another around internacionalism and class identity . 
  one built its economy on deals with private companies by granting them special rights and liberalizing job market , another liquidated private companies and introduced central planning . 
  one allied itself with the church and claimed that `` gott mit uns '' while the other wanted to eradicate the religion . 
  and so on and so forth . 
  those were both authoritarian murderous regimes but very much the opposites of one another . 
  ergo one was at the end of the right of the political spectrum while the other on the left . 
  i don ; t think i can explain it any clearer . 
  do you see the difference now ? 
  just think for yourself for fucks sake , instead of repeating bullshit some gimnazjum student puts on facebook . 
  it 's unbecoming . 
  i 'm still not sure about what specific bit of stalinist propaganda are you talking about . 
  or at least about what specific premise . 
  could you specify ? 
  i mean 1939 invasion of poland , not 1920 . 
  1920 was an ancient history by then . 
  and yes , judging him by today 's standards and with a benefit of hindsight is fairly pointless . 
  i also forgot to mention that most historians believe that unlike stalin trotsky in power would n't start mass scale purges nor commit attrocities such as hodomor . 
  he 'd probably commit other ones by executing workers trying to strike and such , but while obsessed with the idea of successful revolution he was n't inherently barbaric . 
  as far as bureaucracy goes i tend to agree with historians who argue that this angle in his writing was just a tool to pummel stalin with and that he was never actually opposed to bureaucracy - just a fact that it was n't a one subservient to him . 
  especially since he does n't really present a coherent idea how such a bureaucrat-less state would look like . 
  and by that time his critique of bureaucracy appeared during his power struggle with stalin he has been a part of ussr government elite for a decade both as an accomplished general and a statesman . 
  stalin 's dead mate . 
  hell , there are n't really any stalinists anymore . 
  only some trotskyists here and there . 
  why wo n't you go and use that passion to fight bad things that actually exist in the world ? 
  it 's easier to remember about it in eastern europe , since when stalinists came along actual socialists were the first to be shot . 
  or in poland in particular where polish socialist party was the main driving force behind the victory in polish-soviet war . 
  but to comprahend that ( be it from the left or the right you need at least a shred of historical knowledge . 
  or actually just curiosity , since said knowledge is usually few clicks away.thing is that those things can be quite nuanced as well . 
  like with [ trotsky and trotskyists ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/549nzm/labour_leadership_jeremy_corbyn_wins_landslide/d80ag4j ) for example . 
   what i wrote is common knowledge . 
  only on polish right-wing fanpages as far as i know . 
  about as good of a source as anti-vex ones . 
  welcome to my world friend . 
  `` hitler was a socialist , so all the left-wing parties are literally hitler and literally stalin . 
  at the same time '' is an actual narrative by no small part of polish right . 
  especially ones who enjoy a good roman salute and like to dress in brown shirts . 
  good to know that / u/fadekr is among , or at least agrees with that illustrious bunch !, 
  welcome to my world ... 
  thing with trotskyists is a bit shaky since trotsky himself being a charming genius he was ( compared to that primitive brute stalin ) gets an unfair pass and is often viewed as almost democratic . 
  in reality he was anything but . 
  he actually often exceeded stalin in his plans of building a centralized state ( for example advocated in a way `` drafting '' all workers and peasants in the country and thus making them subjects of military discipline ) as well as expansionism . 
  in fact one of his biggest issues with the stalin was that he was content building one state communism , rather than continuously trying to export the revolution my military means . 
  he also despised him for his part in failure of polish-soviet war of 1920 . 
  trotsky enthusiastically condoned soviet invasions of poland , finland and baltic states , somewhat shocking actual us trotskyists who imagined that his views were different . 
  there is a fascinating correspondence between them and trotsky , that was sadly cut short when he was assassinated . 
  that , obviously , also hints that some trotskyist parties may have way less undemocratic views than their namesake , but they 're so undefined that in their case one has to simply learn that on case by case basis . 
  and yes , far-left is indeed almost nonexistent , especially in eu politics . 
  maoists , trotskyists , stalinists and such . 
  basically everyone who advocates taking power by undemocratic means and/or wants to dissolve democratic institutions once in power . 
  please do . 
  you sure seem passionate about it so why not get off your ass and lobby ordo iuris and the rest of the bunch to stop being pansies and propose it this way . 
  it 's a matter of life and death after all , is n't it ? 
  they treat those poor children as some untermenchen proposing laughable 3 to 5 for a murder . 
  and you preaching that to a bunch of people who support an abortion on demand in first 12 weeks is n't making this whole thing any better . 
  not one bit . 
  save lives !, 
  fetus that ca n't survive outside of mother 's body is not a human .
