  desirably or not . 
  seeing that `` leave '' clearly has no plan what to do it will probably just end with some worse version of norway 's deal . 
  since there is no way that your government can prepare your legal system for a full exit in 2 years or so ( it 's more of a 5-10 year job kind of thing ) uk will eventually be forced to accept whatever deal eu will see fit . 
  and if eu wo n't be too courteous about it may perpetuate the resentment , since years of the narration about the eu in uk seemed to have been simply an unabashed criticism . 
  to makes things worse those famous trade deals will probably need quite a while as well . 
  and with eu being a constant in this equation it may actually take away a great amount of currently british trade , even considering the fact that standard wto rules will come into effect . 
  all in all the more i think about it the less pleasant the future seems . 
  it is interesting how you considered that fairly neutral observation an attack and felt a need to point out the differences between our financial contribution . 
  another thing that makes me wonder is the fact that even with our current atrocious government and a fact that we receive more money than we put into eu coffers you are still considered a much bigger of a liability for the union . 
  edit : oh , i think you accidentally forgot to capitalize the `` p '' . 
  perhaps . 
  but i sure must have missed the western european pro-britain faction that you imply . 
  i 'm not sure if this whole `` proposal '' is anything beyond internally aimed message that is supposed to be both pro-eu and pro `` strong state '' . 
   which is another reason why i believe the uk will ultimately opt for a norway-style deal , sorely disappointing most leavers but salvaging the economic situation . 
  yeah , the very light version seems like the only possible option for that very reason . 
  others are just physically unfeasible . 
  but if i see that then every eu power-player and their mother know that from the moment leave campaign opened their pretty mouths after the vote . 
  and that means they can do literally whatever they want during the negotiations . 
  britain is entirely at eu 's mercy . 
  since you are familiar with finance let me pick your brain . 
  i assume that 2 years is n't nearly enough time to make those famous trade deals either . 
  wo n't the fact that rules of trading with the eu are known and used for years and years make uk a bit of a pariah for some time with eu taking over big parts of the trade by simple virtue of being a constant and then uk having to win that trade back ? 
  i understand that standard wto regulations will kick in , but will it be enough to not disturb the trade in the way i just described ? 
  exactly . 
  i do n't think it is just a phase or a `` backlash '' as some say . 
  whatever happens next britain severely shifted their position in europe for years to come . 
  i would n't put too much weight on what our government says about that . 
  they just have to say the words that it is bad and so on for the benefits of the voters there . 
  hard to tell what their actual negotiating position will be , just yet . 
  and since for the same reason they have to oppose any changes that can affect said emigrants ... 
  i do n't think there will be much of the wiggle room there . 
  it 's hard to tell , but i would n't be surprised if the only thing kaczy\u0144ski and tusk have common views on is the tory leadership . 
   this country runs on conventions and ancient systems without resorting to legal enforcement . 
  i get that , it is like that everywhere to the extent ( tho perhaps with shorter lifespans of those traditions ) , but what it boils down to in my opinion is that the government is responsible for their actions . 
  if there will be a government formed that believes in it then sure thing , but expecting one that vehemently opposes something to make it happen is , in my opinion extremely undemocratic . 
  so i 've been active in actual politics for a little bit , helped working on the political program of my party , discussed , researched and contributed to the drafts of the laws and so on . 
  and let me tell you one thing - the amount of work required to adjust uk law to the post-eu situation is simply unbearable . 
  and i mean that literally . 
  no government on earth can handle the sheer amount of decisions needed to even remotely prepare a country for such a thing in 2 years . 
  even if you had a literal army of clerks , lawyers and bureaucrats doing all the busy work there simply wo n't be enough time for politicians to even remotely understand most of the drafted legislation yet alone create it from scratch . 
  work on that should have been started years ago . 
  there should have been a party proposing brexit in the elections and already preparing a basic plan , once they win they should spend 3 or so years using all of the buerocratic firepower state has to offer to make it happen and then after invoking the article 50 another 2 years to possibly drive it home and hope that fallout from an endless stream of legal loopholes wo n't be too devastating . 
  you 're fucked . 
  my silly keyboard sometimes refuses to write an `` 0 '' . 
  as to the referendum - it was an advisory one , was n't it ? 
  i 'm not a big fan of referendums as a political tools to begin with . 
  i think that running a country is a complex enough affair that certain rhythm and predictability as to when change its course is required . 
  that being the election cycles . 
  i have n't followed the referendum close enough but it seems like people unilaterally considered it an awful affair even before the votes were cast . 
  much worse than standard election i presume . 
  moreover voting for singular issues is against the logic of a party system in which you vote for a ( more or less ) full political packet , with some people who are considered responsible for firstly creating and then delivering it . 
  referendum cuts across such things and as we can see , seems to carry no governmental responsibilities . 
  i prefer the system in which if you want to make a drastic change you start a new political party or work to change the existing one and fight for power presenting full set of ideas . 
  i 'm pretty sure that if it was a standard election the leave campaign would have been grilled over their specific plans on how to exit eu . 
  guess the fact that those things have been going for so long adds some gravitas to the whole affair . 
  here it was mostly a spectacle . 
  a tasteless and potentially harmful one at that . 
  hearing all those proclamation in the last few days you ca n't help but feel that the whole continent albeit disappointed at first , issued a a giant sigh of relief that they can finally speak more or less their mind after years of pandering to the british . 
  and that it will be very reluctant to return to its old ways . 
  if you think that people were informed well enough and the referendum really represented the will of the people then by all means , article 50 away - i think we 've done enough trying to convince you to stay . 
  got ta know when to quit . 
  but since your democracy is a representative one it 's the elected politicians ' job to make such decisions . 
  if they decide that in their opinion referendum was flawed or they fundamentally opose its results they may wait till next parliamentary elections for the proper review of their actions . 
  in my view that would be very much democratic , but i guess different people have different views on how direct they want their democracy to be . 
  am i harboring an anti-british sentiment , or is this the most delicious political meltdown in recent history ? 
  i just ca n't stop watching . 
  and that 's how you become a meme , lithuania . 
  if i were a latvian i 'd do my best to drown internet in lithuanian goat jokes . 
  just sayin ' . 
  wales , new zealand - better step up your game !, 
  you are [ a 2nd person to ask that . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4q5lp1/unravelling_by_the_times_cartoon/d4qxxfu ) where exactly have i indicated that i would differentiate between skin colors ? 
  in a rant about the toxicity of ethno-centric perception no less . 
  why would i consider it to be different for polynesian people ? 
  or japanese ? 
  various ethnic groups in india ? 
  i never made such distinction . 
  there is a difference between society based on a shared culture , language and social contract and one based on ethnicity . 
  sure , in some situations such as polish or polynesian one there is more ( at least perceived ) ethnic homogeneity than in others , but so what ? 
  i fail to see how the ethnic-centric version of any of the societies i just mentioned can be superior . 
  pick a country then , like england for example , and give me several examples of its inhabitants who are and several who are n't a part of english nation in your opinion . 
  i wonder if everyone will be of the same mind , since apparently is such a useful and well defined term . 
  nationalism defined in such way had its place in xix century at the time was even a creating force . 
  today in a way it transpires itself it is completely out of time and place . 
  and i mean nationalisms defining itself by ethnicity , in the way it happens in poland . 
  i would n't call mainstream of basque , catalan or scottish movements that are called nationalistic as such , since they focus on self-determination of a fairly inclusive society , a political being , rather than a poorly defined tribe . 
  every positive goal that one may want to achieve by means of nationalism may be better reached by a society defining itself in terms others than ethnicity . 
  enlighten me then . 
  there is no greater joy in life than to be convinced that you have been wrong and realizing that you 've just learned something . 
   hogwash  preposterous  flabbergasted working hard to remind us that britain is n't just a butt of a bad joke , are we ? 
  we poles are so called schrodinger 's immigrants . 
  we manage to both steal jobs and steal benefits . 
  but that 's ok . 
  in a few years time , once they drive away the scourge english may for the first time in decades find themselves in a situation with no one but themselves to blame . 
  i lost hope that they can get over themselves without such experience , and i think that mentally stable england may be a great asset for and in the eu . 
  and it will most likely have to decide that the money flow and immigration will be the same . 
  just on a `` in or out '' basis , without any say in how those things are . 
  many things . 
  for starters if you want to consider some group of people inherently superior to others or at least think that that group should have special , enshrined in law treatment you invoke abuse . 
  and you aim that abuse at many , many people who are unmistakeably valuable members of the society you want to transform along the nationalistic lines .
