  i really do think that a question `` has anyone thrown a hard object at you/burned you/kicked you / cut / stabbed / shot at you ? 
  etc. '', 
  is fairly binary . 
  i mean , how dense are women in ee according to you , exactly ? 
  are you really treating those national iq tests seriously ? 
  and trying to extrapolate about levels of violence from them ? 
  as in it is n't a joke ? 
  first of all , while there are indeed iq tests that are to some extent considered valuable and are used as an auxiliary tool in clinical psychiatry they take around 4 hours of work with a psychiatrist . 
  they attempt to measure 3 types of iq : memory , analytical skills and general knowledge ( !, 
  ) , and their margin of error is considered to be 10 points . 
  my guess would be that such test was n't modified for every nation on the planet and properly applied to statistically significant group of people . 
  now imagine the rest of the scientific process required to properly assess the iq of whole populations and then to use that data to reach any meaningful conclusions about its possible implications for said populations . 
  what i 'm saying is that people who think that iq results mean anything in the grand scheme of things are usually the people who should really , * really * hope it does n't . 
  i 'd love not to have them either , but from our and our neighbor 's point of view they are a necessary evil to keep russia in check . 
  partially because of our other allies doing exactly what we 're discussing here - becoming putin enablers . 
  out of not wanting the us in europe . 
  therefore making their presence necessary ... 
  it 's kind of a self-defeating thoughtless policy , would n't you say ? 
  russia is hardly a threat for united europe . 
  they probably could n't even pull of an invasion of poland if we were left on our own . 
  and if several british , german and french battalions were stationed in the baltics us could go home the next day . 
  i 'll take proper eu army over us presence any day . 
  sure , but i really do n't think that perception plays a significant role with questions like those . 
  you can use the drop-down menu up top to limit it to since 15yo/in last 12 months , physical/sexual violence and partner/non-partner . 
  i do n't think you can narrow it down to specific questions tho , sadly . 
  as a polish left wing part-time politician i have to say that western european left is sometimes incredibly hard to stomach . 
  on one hand we have standard tina-liberals still calling themselves left-wing but on the other , among people we mostly agree on economically and socially the `` if nato bad --  russia good '' construct keeps rising its head . 
  germany , uk and france are the biggest culprits actually . 
  some southern european new left parties had their `` moments '' as well , but we have much better contacts with them and by keeping to bring up that issue in our meetings we seem to be making the difference . 
  good old western europe ? 
  nope . 
  their attitude can be described as imperialism put through rose-tainted left-leaning glass . 
  some parts of the world just ca n't be seen from that ivory tower . 
  we really need to get corbyn in a fucking room for few hours to bring his ass up to speed on some things , because this shit ai n't helping . 
  and yes , my generous working theory is still lack of exposure to other side of the argument . 
  r ( ead ) t ( he ) f ( ucking ) a ( rticle ) mate . 
  i even made it more clear an easier to understand for you : [ here . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4ycb8g/violence_against_women_survey/d6n7xy4 ) the question was n't vague at all . 
  and they do not involve questions about sexual harassment . 
  i mean , it 's pretty likely that when sexual harassment is measured the levels reported in poland are way lower than they should objectively be , and that 's a problem in itself , but that 's not what this study is about . 
  i 'm pretty sure that women in poland can more or less comprehend what sexual violence is . 
  i see that quite a few people did n't bother to read a few lines below the text but rushed to discuss its validity claiming that the difference `` it down to levels of awareness/sensitivity '' . 
  here is how the data is presented : women were asked 13 questions that were as follows : -- * since you were 15 years old how often someone : * - 1 ) pushed or shoved you . 
  2 ) slapped you , 3 ) thrown a hard object at you , 4 ) grabbed you or pulled your hair , 5 ) beat you with a fist or a hard object , or kicked you , 6 ) burned you , 7 ) tried to suffocate your or strangle you 8 ) cut or stabbed you or short at you , 9 ) beat your head against something ? 
  10 ) forced you into sexual intercourse by holding you down or hurting you in some way , 11 ) apart of this , attempted to force you into sexual intercourse by holding you down or hurting you in some way , 12 ) apart from this , attempted to force you into any form of sexual activity when you did n't want to or were unable to refuse 13 ) or have you consented to sexual activity because you were afraid of what might happen if you refused ? 
  ----- possible answers were : a ) never b ) once c ) 2-5 times d ) 6 or more times -- you had to answer `` never '' to all of those questions to be put in `` no '' category . 
  i really do n't see anything ambiguous about that . 
  and i 'm not here to toot my own horn . 
  19 % of women experiencing violence is absolutely nothing to be proud of . 
  especially [ since 5 out of those 19 % experienced sexual violence ] ( http://fra.europa.eu/en/publications-and-resources/data-and-maps/survey-data-explorer-violence-against-women-survey?locale=en&amp;datasource=vaw&amp;media=png&amp;width=740&amp;plot=heatmap&amp;topic=1.+physical%2c+sexual+and+psychological+violence&amp;question=dvs_a03&amp;supersubset=1&amp;subset=allsubset&amp;subsetvalue=01--all&amp;answer=01--yes ) . 
  just get you bloody facts straight , since you are making fools of yourselves . 
  `` h '' is kind of harsh and throat-y is n't it ? 
  you and me both . 
  you and me both . 
  it 's so called `` lex ziobra '' - a provision aimed at making a political statement , rather than affecting the reality in any way . 
  laziness is criminally underrated these days . 
  being hard working for the sake of being hard working is outright stupid . 
  the kind of stupid that will get your dumb ass exploited . 
  are you ? 
  it is a common misconception in poland actually . 
  probably because polish is actually very harsh and when someone speaks german with it it gets really bad . 
  my gf spent 2 months on some kind of language course in germany and apparently she sounded as if she had throat cancer . 
  turns out german is usually quite soft and melodic . 
  my mind was blown when i learned that you ca n't flush toilet paper in some places . 
  i had no idea that it can be the case for almost 30 years of my life . 
  thankfully that hing on the right will be demolished soontm . 
  while the ads are ugly as fuck , what is under them is n't any better . 
  i guess it depends on the country , but in most places the value of inheritance needed for it to be taxed places one well above the middle class . 
  well , razem sees erasing inequality as a much more effective way of creating prosperity and growth than those bankrupt `` evil neo-liberal policies '' . 
  pis does n't seem to have an economic agenda different from neo-liberal status quo , they just do the redistribution in order to harness votes . 
  sure , it can be objectively beneficial sometimes , but i really doubt that there is much thought behind it . 
  but sure , it is obvious that if you do n't subscribe to neo-keynesian view on economy , you would n't want razem in power and would see their policies as dangerous . 
  my understanding is that he 's an immortal vampire , who used to be the philip ii , back in a day . 
  i would n't call it `` a more socially leftist version of pis '' , whatever that means . 
  simply a modern socialist democratic party . 
  and in polish context , a spiritual successor of [ pps ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish_socialist_party ) . 
  so far . 
  and closer to 4 if i recall . 
  thanks !, 
  was about to write something similar to this , but did n't feel like making an effort . 
  everything has a fucking security concern as an excuse these days . 
  and by these days i mean for over a decade . 
  still , with the minuscule amount of burka wearing going on in germany , i feel like the political capital used on this might have been spent in much , much more efficient way . 
  i think it 's a fine line . 
  i think that this law is pretty close to it , but still on the right side . 
  while i 'm not the fence about the whole banning thing ( as in `` i would n't propose it , but i would n't actively fight it '' kind of attitude ) i do n't think that `` agitating extremists '' is a valid concern to have . 
  the question we ought to ask when thinking of similar measures is if there are unfairly targeting the peaceful muslim majority . 
  if they are n't an act of active oppression that added to the piling collection of similar laws may actually push people towards extremism . 
  i do n't think that 's the case here assuming it wo n't be accompanied by some political campaign of hatred and xenophobia . 
  yeah , definitely . 
  i do n't actually think that any such invasion is feasible . 
  only that winter is n't a major factor . 
  i do agree that they would be very costly and potential attempted occupation of even a small european country would be catastrophic in terms of casualties as well as overall economic and diplomatic damage . 
  war in afghanistan would look like walk in a park in comparison . 
  and russia ai n't soviet union . 
  assumption that winter would stop the modern invasion of finland is as absurd as assumption that it would stop the modern invasion of russia . 
  winter is n't some magical thing retaining its power over the ages . 
  what was the issue for both invasions was a set of problems caused and/or amplified by autumn and winter . 
  very few of those would be still relevant today . 
  just my pet peeve , move along .
